In a single moment, my ordinary life came to a screeching halt.
All I could recall was the intense pain spreading through my body, contrasted by the cold rain
battering my skin.
A black filter settled over my field of vision. I couldn't tell what had happened to me.
"Ah..."
I barely managed to let out my voice.
It was so husky and hoarse that I didn't even recognize it as my own.
When I tried to move, I found my limbs completely numb and devoid of sensation.
I couldn't even figure out where my own hands were.
"Ugh... Aaagh..."
A moan of pain escaped my lips.
Everywhere and everything hurt.
Why? Why did it hurt so much?
Today I... I went riding with my friends, then on the way back home...
"Aaah..."
I slowly started to remember.
I had gone out with my friends today to have some fun.
But on the way back, the weather had suddenly taken a turn for the worse. A heavy rain had started
pouring over us.
Once my friends and I had parted ways, I rode my bike through this mountain road to get back
home.
I could hardly see anything.
All of a sudden, a person had come into view right in front of me.
I had tried to brake in a panic, but the bike's tire slipped, and... Before I knew it, I'd ended up like
this.
"Ugh..."
I tried turning my body a little.
Pain flared up like fire, but at least now I could faintly feel my limbs.
Where... Where was my bike...?
My first urge was to search for it, but my body was in too much pain to move properly.
On top of that... something warm flowed from my head.
Something... that wasn't rain...
"A-Aaaah..."
My body wouldn't move.
I could feel my consciousness waning.
I was... probably done for.
I couldn't tell exactly what had happened to me, but I felt as though I was fatally injured.
"..."
My body was starting to go completely limp.
As cold as the rain felt, I couldn't make a move to escape it.
It seemed I'd breathe my last on this cold, hard asphalt.
To think that just a short while ago, I'd been having the time of my life, riding around with my
friends...
"So... cold."
I let my eyes fall shut.
Merely keeping my eyelids open was agonizing at this point.
And I was... so, so terribly sleepy.
It was somehow different than normal drowsiness. I couldn't resist it one bit.
Some dim corner of my mind realized that this was what dying must feel like.
"You... You're still alive?"
I heard... a voice...
It was a woman's voice.
But since my eyelids wouldn't open, I couldn't tell who it was.
"While you're lucky that you didn't fall off the other side of the road, you won't survive with injuries
like those."
What was she saying?
I couldn't make her words out over the sound of the rain, but I could tell she was speaking to me.
"I'm sorry. It's all my fault..."
"Ah..."
"Do you... still want to live? Do you want to be saved...?"
"If you want to survive... There is a way, but..."
"..."
I hadn't understood what she had said earlier.
What she said just now, however, reached my ears clearly.
ーThat if I wanted to survive, there was a way.
That was what she said. I was sure of it.
Survive?
Was she saying she could help me survive this?
Should I... ask her for help?
"H-H...."
My throat clamped shut.
It was hard to say just one word.
But I wanted to survive.
I... I didn't want to die here.
"H-He...l...p..."
"...All right."
Before I could say anything else, she brought her face close to mine.
A moment later, I felt the sensation of lips against my neck...
"Mm..."
ーA tiny jolt of pain shot through me.
Ｙｕｎａ: "The city lights are finally coming into view..."
A girl whispers as she stands atop a bridge overlooking a city.
Shizuha: "That's... where we'll be hiding?"
Another girl asks that with a vacant expression.
The moonlight shining through the clouds gives their eyes a mysterious gleam as the sea breeze
toys with their hair.
Ｙｕｎａ: "The artificial island city, Chisakura. A high-class resort spot, as it were. We should be able to stay
hidden there for a while."
Holding down her hat so the wind won't blow it away, one of the girlsーSonahara Yunaーcurls her
lips into a thin smile.
Garbed in something resembling a dress, she stands a step ahead of the other girl.
Shizuha: "The Hunters... Do you think any of them will show up here?"
The girl with beautiful, blond hairーNanase Shizuhaーwhispers that with an anxious expression.
She holds her relatively short skirt down as she looks down at Chisakura's city lights.
A pair of fangs that seem far too large for her petite frame peep out from behind her slightly parted
lips.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Whether any Hunters show up isn't something we ought to concern ourselves with right now. We
should focus on finding some place to hide in."
Yuna gives Shizuha a glance before taking her hand.
Shizuha stares back in surprise for a moment, but squeezes Yuna's hand back and steps forward.
She almost looks a bit embarrassed.
Ｙｕｎａ: "The city's larger than I thought."
Now that they're here in the heart of Chisakura, Yuna turns around in place to look around the
street.
Since it's quite late at night, there isn't another soul in sight.
The only signs of life are that some of the apartment building windows are lit. Few of the citizens
are awake at this hour.
Shizuha: "So, where do we hide?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "We could barge into any house we want and suck the life out of whomever's there... But don't you
think we should find a place that's a bit more hospitable?"
Shizuha: "Hospitable?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I looked into things, see. Let's head over to that mountain. There's a big estate there."
Shizuha: "You really wanna go that far? What if they catch up to us...?"
Shizuha glances over her shoulder, her expression clouded with anxiety.
The two of them are very much on the run. The luxury of leisurely picking out a hideout is one
they can scarcely afford.
Ｙｕｎａ: "It'll be fine. We really gave them the slip. If anyone shows up, it'll be days from now."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Probably."
Yuna turns to look at Shizuha and gives her a playful wink.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Besides, when Vampires are involved, a mansion's a must, don't you know?"
Shizuha: "No, I can't say that I do..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're so green, Shizuha. This needs to come to you naturally. Intuitively, even..."
Shizuha: "You can say that all you want, but I can't help it..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You should be a little more dignified about this. We're Vampires, dear. We're not like those ordinary
humans. We're a stronger, ageless, more elegant existence."
Yuna spreads her arms wide, elegantly twirling on the spot.
Vampires...
They are vampires that outwardly appear human, but are actually entirely different from mankind.
By consuming the blood of others, they grow in strength and produce more of their kind in the
process.
They've mingled with human society since ancient times, and still exist in the modern era. Yuna and
Shizuha are two such Vampires.
Shizuha: "...Don't you think sometimes that you'd be better off being human? You wouldn't be running for
your life right now if you weren't a Vampire..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Talking about what-ifs is pointless. We're Vampires, and there's no changing that."
Though Vampires have bodies far stronger than those of humans, there are humans who make it
their calling to exterminate Vampires in turn.
Those people are known as Hunters.
Just as Vampires have existed since antiquity, so too have Hunters.
While Vampires are superior in terms of physical ability, Hunters have constantly developed unique
weaponry and tactics to combat them.
In fact, it is precisely because of an encounter with Hunters two days ago that Yuna and Shizuha
have come to Chisakura; they are fleeing from them.
Shizuha: "I don't want to drink people's blood..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You mean anyone's blood but mine, right?"
Shizuha: "W-Well..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't worry. I'm the one who turned you into this, and I intend to keep taking responsibility for it."
Shizuha: "...Yeah."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Now then, let's get going. If we really are in danger, standing around and chatting is only making
things worse."
Shizuha: "You said it's a big estate, right?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "A man with a large hand in this city's development lives there all on his own. I think his name
was..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "ーSaeki."
Saeki: "Ugh, aaah...!"
Saeki lets out a muffled cry as a pair of fangs stab into his throat.
Later that night, the two girls invaded his home. He's powerless to resist as he falls to their clutches.
"Aah... Ah..."
"Nnn... Nnn... Mm..."
While Saeki is an aging man, it wouldn't have made a bit of difference if he were younger.
No mere man can fight back against a Vampire like Yuna in this situation.
The gap in physical ability between humans and Vampires is simply that wide. Now that his blood
has been sucked, he'll be forced to spend the remainder of his life as her minion.
At first he tried to resist, but by now, his limbs have stopped thrashing. He's been rendered utterly
docile.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, haa... His blood tasted better than I imagined it would. I guess eating this well every day
would do that."
Shizuha: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Why don't you have a bite too, Shizuha? You're thirsty, aren't you?"
Shizuha: "I'm... I'm fine, thanks."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Why are you denying yourself like this? It's a full moon tonight. Our Vampiric impulse is the most
intense at nights like this."
Shizuha: "Even so, I..."
Shizuha looks away, a faint blush on her cheeks.
Like Yuna said, her Vampiric impulse is running rampant at the moment.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Are you that opposed to drinking human blood?"
Shizuha: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Fine, then. What's more important right now is making this man our minion, anyway."
Saeki: "Aaaah... Ah, aaah..."
As Yuna walks away, the man collapses to his knees.
His eyes have turned red, and his expression is contorted with ecstasy.
Ｙｕｎａ: "My name is Sonohara Yuna... Do you understand? I am your mistress."
Saeki: "Yes... Mistress Yuna..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I like your estate. We'll be staying here for a while, and you'll be looking after us. Understood?"
Saeki: "Order me as you wish, mistress."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh, that's a good boy. Obey my orders faithfully, and I'll reward you later."
Yuna reaches her hand out and caresses Saeki's chin.
While her gaze is full of clear disdain, the old man's lips are curved in a blissful smile.
This is one of the ways Vampires multiply.
They suck humans' blood to place them under mental thrall, adding them to their minions' ranks.
Feeding on blood simultaneously heightens the Vampires' power, allowing them to continue fighting
against their adversaries.
Saeki: "Aaah... Thir...sty... So thirsty..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "It is a full moon. Your Vampiric impulse is out of control, isn't it?"
Saeki: "Want... blood... Someone, give me blood..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I told you, the reward comes after you do as I say."
Saeki: "What must I... do...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hmm... Yes, I know. Why don't you go out and get us something nice to eat? We've been
wandering for so long that we've hardly had a chance to sit down and eat like civilized people."
Saeki: "By your will, mistress. I will prepare the ingredients immediately."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Oh? You're going to cook?"
Saeki: "I've been living by myself for a long time. I have some experience with cooking."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Do you, now? Then go ahead. If it turns out well, I'll let you drink my blood."
Ｙｕｎａ: "So whatever~ you~ do~... Don't drink other people's blood, under any circumstances."
Saeki: "Yes... I will certainly... Certainly satisfy you, mistress."
Saeki leaves the room, his eyes shining with expectation.
After watching him leave, Yuna takes a seat in a nearby chair.
She turns her gaze toward Shizuha, who's remained standing this entire time. She narrows her eyes
as she smiles.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Sit down, why don't you?"
Shizuha: "...Mm."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're so antsy. Are you that scared?"
Shizuha: "I mean... There's no telling when a Hunter might show up..."
Shizuha shivers, wrapping her hands around her shoulders as if to embrace herself.
She hates fighting. Nothing frightens her more than an encounter with a Hunter.
Her way of thinking is very different from most Vampires' proclivities.
Despite being a Vampire, Shizuha abhors the idea of violence, both as a victim or a perpetrator.
Shizuha: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shi-zu-ha~ Are you listening to me.?"
Shizuha: "Huh? Ah..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's go to the bedroom. It's such a pretty estate, so I'm sure the bed has a nice, soft mattress."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. I haven't slept in a bed for so long. I'm looking forward to it."
Shizuha: "Aren't you scared, Yuna? A Hunter could show up at any minute."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And what would being frightened of that achieve? If I let what those idiots are up to always get to
me, I wouldn't be able to live as a Vampire for very long."
Her lips curl into a smirk as she huffs indignantly.
Shizuha: "But..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, if you don't want to die, put some thought into figuring out how to survive. Being scared
out of your mind will get you nowhere."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hunters are tricky opponents, that much is true. Especially the group that attacked us earlier."
Ｙｕｎａ: "But that said, I'm not going to spend the rest of my days in fear. For now we're allowed to live, so
let's take that chance to enjoy life in every way we can."
Shizuha: "...Right."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Come hither. I'll teach you tonight."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...I'll teach you exactly what enjoying life means."
Shizuha: "Y-Yuna..."
After being stripped naked and pushed down onto the bed, Shizuha finds her cheeks flushing red
with excitement.
As she timidly reaches for her crotch with one hand she turns her moist eyes up toward Yuna.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nnmah."
Shizuha: "Ah..!"
Yuna's lips envelope Shizuha's nipple, making the girl shiver.
At the same time, Yuna's hands slither toward Shizuha's crotch, her fingers gently tracing her cleft.
Shizuha: "Aaaah...!"
An electric jolt of pleasure runs through Shizuha's body, causing her to let out a quiet cry.
Her free hand crawls across the mattress, grabbing tightly onto the sheets as if hoping to find
purchase.
Ｙｕｎａ: "It's been so long since we did it on a bed. The Hunters have been attacking us non-stop recently."
Ｙｕｎａ: "So tonight, I'll be taking my time... to thoroughly and utterly pleasure you."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nn, schlrp... Nhaa...!"
Shizuha: "Aaaah! Aah, m-my, my nipple...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. You like it when I suck on your nipples, right?"
Shizuha: "I-I, aah, I do, but..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Oh, I know. Mmm, schlrp... You want it here too... You want me to make your pussy feel good too,
yes?"
Shizuha: "Ah, aaah... Aaaaaaah!"
With her pussy being so indulgently caressed, Shizuha shivers in wanton desire.
Her entrance is already dripping wet. Each time Yuna's fingers move, it makes wet squelching noises
clearly ring out.
That salacious sound makes Shizuha's body only become even hotter. It's not long before her body
glistens with sweat.
Ｙｕｎａ: "My. Look at how wet you are."
Shizuha: "Ah, no...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "You always act, nha, like you don't care about sex... But, mm, schlrp, but you actually want to fuck
like crazy, don't you?"
Shizuha: "Ah, th-there.. Ah, ah, aaaah...!"
Yuna's fingers rub around Shizuha's clitoris.
Of course, she avoids touching that most sensitive spot for the time being, intending to tease and
fluster Shizuha further.
Ｙｕｎａ: "What do you want me to do? Mm, sclrp, go on, say it, nnnha, let me hear you say it with your
own words."
Shizuha: "Aaah, aah, c-clitoris... Aaah, touch my, clitoris..."
Shizuha: "Put your, mmm, fingers inside, my pussy... Aaah, aaah... and rub..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You mean like this?"
Shizuha: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaah...!"
Exulting in the feeling of Shizuha's love juices soaking into her fingers, Yuna finally caresses her clit.
After gently pushing the bud out from its hood, she stimulates it with Yuna's own liquids.
Shizuha: "Ah, aaah, that... Nhaa, I l-l-love that...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nnng, mha, you selfish little minx. Aren't you going to pleasure my pussy too?"
Shizuha: "Haa, aaah...! I-I'm sorry!"
Shizuha desperately tries to reciprocate Yuna's affections.
However, under siege from so much pleasure from both her nipple and her clitoris, Shizuha soon
gives up.
Shizuha: "Aaaah! M-My clit, nnnn, it's tingling...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're getting wetter. Can you hear it? It's so loud."
Shizuha: "Nooo! This is so... embarrassing... Aaaaaah!"
Yuna's fingers sink into Shizuha's cleft.
She caresses Shizuha's inner folds, seeking out her most sensitive parts.
Shizuha: "Aaaaaaah, your fingers, they're... Aah, inside...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mmm, schlurp... Schlurp, sluuurp! Your nipple's getting... Schlurp, pretty hard."
Shizuha: "Aaaah... Haa... Aaah, ah... Aaaaaah!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, let's have a little taste, shall we?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Schlurp... Mmmhaa..."
Yuna draws her fingers out of Shizuha, only to slide those love juice soaked fingers into her mouth.
Her eyes cloud over with erotic ecstasy as she relishes Shizuha's flavor, coiling her tongue around
her fingers.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah... The way you taste... It makes my throat burn hot..."
Shizuha: "Aah, aaah... Yuna, more... H-Harder..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. Can't you be a little more patient, you little thing?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "But, fine... Schlurp. Let's get down to business, shall we?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, schlrp... Nhaa, mha... Schluuurp!"
Shizuha: "Hiyaaa?! Aah, aaaaaaah!"
As Yuna suckles hard on her nipple, Shizuha lets out a remarkably shrill screech.
Shizuha's hips reflexively recoil as Yuna vigorously rubs her inner walls.
However, Yuna won't let her escape. She inserts her fingers even deeper, focusing her affections on
Shizuha's G-spot.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shclurp, mm, mhaa, nnn, aaaah...!"
Shizuha: "So, goood...! Aaah, m-my pussy, is melting...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, heheh, you're so tight it feels like you might snap my fingers off."
Ｙｕｎａ: "But... Nnnha, schluuuurp, that just makes it easier to find your weak spots."
Shizuha: "Aaaaah?! B-Both inside me, and, my clitoris, at the same time?!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't you like it this way?"
Shizuha: "Aaah, haaa, aaah, aaah, mm, haa...! If you, do that, aah, mhaa, I'll, haa, g-go crazy...!"
Shizuha: "My boobs, haa, my pussy, nn, aaaah, f-feel good, too good... Aaaah!"
Shizuha: "I want it... here... Here too..."
Shizuha: "Mmm, schluurp... Nnn, aaah, guh, mmm..."
Shizuha lifts up her unattended breast and closes her lips around her own nipple.
That bit of additional pleasure causes smoldering heat to build up in her core.
Shizuha: "Naah, this, f-feels g-gooood... Schlrp, nnha, so good...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I love your voice, Shizuha... Nhaa, just hearing it... Mmm... Makes my body go hot..."
Shizuha: "Mhaa, Yuna... Ah, Yuna, you too...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "M-Mmm...?!"
It's at this point that Shizuha's own fingers start pumping harder.
Inserting her fingers into Yuna's sex, Shizuha starts fumbling around for the other girl's clitoris in a
wicked recreation of what she'd inflicted upon her moments ago.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, aah... You want to make me feel good too?"
Shizuha: "Schluurp, I mean, mm, nnng, I like it better, nhaa, I want you to, schluuurp, feel good too, Yuna."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, aaah... You sweet little thing... Shizuhaaa... Aaaah...!"
The wet sounds of their flowing juices grow ever louder.
Transparent droplets run down their skin, forming growing stains on the sheets.
Shizuha: "Nhaaa, aah, I'm... I'm gonna..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mmmm, schlrp, yes, there... Ah... G-Good girl..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah, ah, aaaah... Th-The way you... rub my clitoris... Mmm... I love it..."
Shizuha: "Y-Your, mm, aaah, your pussy... Schluurp... It's so wet..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Of course it is, it's because you're touching it... Mmm, mhaa, mhaa... Of course I'd be wet when
you're doing that..."
Shizuha: "Aaah... Haaa... Yunaaa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mha, you're so adorable... Mmm, naah, but when you make that face, mmm, it makes me wanna
bully you..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "―Aahm."
Shizuha: "Nnnnng!"
As Yuna's teeth sink into her nipple, a powerful scream escapes Shizuha's throat.
The momentary jolt of pain shoots through her body is far outweighed by the pleasure that follows,
washing over her consciousness.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, mhaa... A little blood came out..."
Shizuha: "Aaah, haaa, nhaaa... Mmm, schlrp..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I love it, nhaa... Your blood tastes... fantastic... Mmm!"
Shizuha: "M-More... Aaah... Suck more... Aaah, mm... Schlrp, nnn... I want you, nnn, to suck on my,
boobs...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nha... Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm!"
Shizuha: "Aaah, aaaaaah!"
Shizuha's body bucks and shivers.
She can't hold out against the incessant waves of pleasure assailing her.
Yuna's fingers are nestled deep into her vagina, persistently rubbing her G-spot.
Love juices spill out abundantly, running down her thighs in such volume that it almost looks as
though she's wet herself.
Shizuha: "Blood... M-My blood... You're sucking my blood..."
Shizuha: "Aaah, ah, aaah... I... Mm... Blood... I want, blood too..."
Shizuha: "Nnng, aah!"
Shizuha's teeth, still clamped on her own bosom, bite down even harder.
Now, as both her breasts bleed freely, she sucks on her own blood, gulping it down hungrily.
Shizuha: "Mm, nng... Gulp... Gulp..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. You do some unusual things."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Do you like the taste of, nn, mhaa, your own blood that much?"
Shizuha: "Ah, aaaah, mm, nng, nnng, aah, mmm, mhaaa!"
The act of sucking her own blood clearly intensifies Shizuha's arousal.
Her core burns with heat, causing a tantalizing tension to build within her belly.
Shizuha: "C-Cumming... Haa, I'm... Mmm, schlrp, gonna cum..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aah... Mmm... Me too, aah... Schlurp... Keep going..."
Yuna's own carnal desires are rising as well.
While all Shizuha's doing to her is persistently rubbing her clitoris, that is more than enough.
Shizuha's fingers move with surprising deftness, easily finding the way Yuna likes it.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Schluurp, aaah... Aaah, that's a good girl... Ah, mmm...! You know my body, aaah, so well...
Schlrp!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Tonight, we, mmm, c-cum together...!"
Shizuha: "I-I want to cum, with you... Aaah, mm, nn, schluuuurp!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Yes, let's feel good, mm, together..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nhaaa, mmm, schlurp... Mhaaa, nhaa~"
Shizuha: "Mmmhaa, nn, schlrp, schlrp, mm, haa... Nnnnn!"
The intensity of their tryst crescendos.
Each of their mouths sucks one of Shizuha's nipples, while their fingers lovingly caress each other's
genitals.
Shizuha's fingers aggressively roll over Yuna's clitoris, while Yuna's rapidly rub against Shizuha's clit
and G-spot.
The rising tidal wave of carnal pleasure consumes them both, filling their bodies with an unbearable
warmth.
Shizuha: "C-Cumming, aaah, gonna cum, cum, aaah, mmm, nnn...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah, Shizuhaaa, nng, schluuuurp..."
Shizuha: "Mm, nnn, kuh, aaah, cumming, nn, haaa, gonna cum, nhaaaa, m-my pussy, mmm, can't take
anymore, mmm, gonna...!"
Shizuha: "Nnnnnnnnnnnnn...!"
Yuna and Shizuha scream out in unison.
Their abdomens buck and thrash as they continue to suckle on Shizuha's nipples.
Transparent fluids squirt from their crotches, drenching their thighs and buttocks.
Shizuha: "Mm, kaaah, haa... Nnn, ugh, uuu...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah, haa... Nn, mha... Aaah...!"
Pleasant numbness washes over them, from the tops of their heads to their fingertips.
The two bask in that pleasure, their cheeks flushing red.
Shizuha: "Mm, nnn..."
Shizuha: "Haaa..."
Exhausted, Shizuha eventually releases her bosom from her mouth.
Yuna doesn't yet let go of Shizuha's other breast, but she's stopped sucking on it. For now, she
simply keeps it between her lips.
Shizuha: "Aaah... It's spreading... through my body..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Me too... I came, too..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're always so good at pleasuring me."
Shizuha: "Because... I want you to feel..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You don't have to say the rest. I know."
Yuna cuts Shizuha off before resting her head on her shoulder.
They're satisfied both physically and emotionally, but don't want to part quite yet.
Yuna heaves a deep sigh, feeling the warmth of Shizuha's skin against her own.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's stay like this... A little longer..."
Shizuha: "...Yeah."
Snuggling against each other, the two let their eyelids flutter closed.
Exposed inside that room is a true connection going far beyond mere mistress and minion...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. My mouth still tastes like blood."
A few minutes after the duo are finished making love...
Yuna whispers those words in satisfaction, lying face up on the bed.
Shizuha: "Haa... Haa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "What's wrong? This is normally enough to satisfy you... Maybe you need more because it's a full
moon?"
Shizuha: "Y-Yuna..."
Shizuha reaches for Yuna as ragged gasps escape her lips.
Shizuha: "B-Blood... Tonight, I need..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're so thirsty for blood it's driving you mad, isn't it? I told you to drink Saeki's..."
Shizuha: "N-No... It has to be... yours..."
Shizuha: "The only blood... I drink... is your blood..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. You adorable little thing, you."
Yuna smirks as she drinks in Shizuha's desperate expression.
After reaching out to gently pat Shizuha on the head, she presses her index finger against the other
girl's lips.
Ｙｕｎａ: "...But that said, you have a penchant for sucking too much blood."
Ｙｕｎａ: "If you suck too much out of me, it'll only make me need blood instead."
Shizuha: "A bit... Just a little bit..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh... That face of yours makes me shudder..."
Shizuha: "Yunaaaa..."
Shizuha's breathing is becoming even more labored.
All it would take is for her to bite down on Yuna's finger pressing against her lips to grant her her
heart's desire.
However, she won't drink blood without Yuna's approval.
Shizuha treasures nothing more than her current relationship with Yuna, so she follows her orders
obediently.
It's precisely because she understands how Shizuha feels that makes Yunaー
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. My mouth still tastes like blood."
A few minutes after the duo are finished making love...
Yuna whispers those words in satisfaction, lying face up on the bed.
Shizuha: "Haa... Haa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "What's wrong? This is normally enough to satisfy you... Maybe you need more because it's a full
moon?"
Shizuha: "Y-Yuna..."
Shizuha reaches for Yuna as ragged gasps escape her lips.
Shizuha: "B-Blood... Tonight, I need..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're so thirsty for blood it's driving you mad, isn't it? I told you to drink Saeki's..."
Shizuha: "N-No... It has to be... yours..."
Shizuha: "The only blood... I drink... is your blood..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. You adorable little thing, you."
Yuna smirks as she drinks in Shizuha's desperate expression.
After reaching out to gently pat Shizuha on the head, she presses her index finger against the other
girl's lips.
Ｙｕｎａ: "...But that said, you have a penchant for sucking too much blood."
Ｙｕｎａ: "If you suck too much out of me, it'll only make me need blood instead."
Shizuha: "A bit... Just a little bit..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh... That face of yours makes me shudder..."
Shizuha: "Yunaaaa..."
Shizuha's breathing is becoming even more labored.
All it would take is for her to bite down on Yuna's finger pressing against her lips to grant her her
heart's desire.
However, she won't drink blood without Yuna's approval.
Shizuha treasures nothing more than her current relationship with Yuna, so she follows her orders
obediently.
It's precisely because she understands how Shizuha feels that makes Yunaー
Choice: Allow Shizuha to drink her blood / Forbid Shizuha from drinking her blood
If "Allow Shizuha to drink her blood"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Fine. You may drink."
Shizuha: "Ah, aaaah...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "But be careful to make it not hurt too much, please."
Shizuha: "Yunaaaaa...!"
With a moan of craving, Shizuha bites into Yuna's neck.
Yuna knits her brows slightly, but accepts her without any complaint.
Shizuha: "Mm... Mm... Mmm... Nnn... Nnn..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...I swear. I meant for you to suck from my finger."
Shizuha: "Nn, guh... Mmm...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, nnn... That's enough, right? That should keep your impulses... in check..."
Shizuha: "Not yet... Moooore... Gulp... Gulp..."
Shizuha ignores Yuna's words and continues sucking her blood.
With the sound of gulping filling her ears, Yuna heaves a wry sigh.
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're usually so docile, but at times like this you're so assertive..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Really, what am I going to do with you...?"
If too much of her blood is drained, Yuna's Vampiric powers will wane.
With the threat of Hunters hanging over their heads, letting Shizuha drink too much of her blood
could mean dooming them both.
Choice: Stop her from drinking any more blood / Let her drink a little longer
If "Allow Shizuha to drink her blood" -> "Stop her from drinking any more blood"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Sorry, but no. We'll stop here for now."
Shizuha: "Ah..."
Yuna pushes Shizuha away gently, causing Shizuha's expression to cloud over with disappointment.
However, she makes no attempt to force Yuna to let her continue drinking. Obediently, Shizuha lets
go of the other girl.
Ｙｕｎａ: "That was enough to quell your Vampiric impulse, right?"
Shizuha: "Yeah... Thanks."
If "Allow Shizuha to drink her blood" -> "Let her drink a little longer"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Just a little more, okay?"
Shizuha: "Yeah... Mm, mm... Nnng...!"
Giving Shizuha a smile, Yuna permits her to suck her blood for just a little while longer.
Although blood trickles from her bitten neck, Yuna only feels the slightest twinge of pain.
What she can feel, however, is strength slowly leaving her body.
Shizuha: "Mm, nnn, mmm, nnnng...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Okay, that's enough. Any more, and you'll make me anemic."
Shizuha: "Mm, schlrp... A little, longer..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "What... You're still not satisfied?"
Shizuha: "Your blood... tastes good..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah, ouch... Don't suck so hard."
Shizuha: "Yunaaaaaa... Mmm, nhaaa...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Stop it, you...!"
Choice: Stop her from drinking any more blood / Let Shizuha drink until she's satisfied
If "Allow Shizuha to drink her blood" -> "Let her drink a little longer" -> "Stop her from drinking
any more blood"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Sorry, but no. We'll stop here for now."
Shizuha: "Ah..."
Yuna gently pushes Shizuha's body away, ending the bloodsucking session.
Although a trickle of red blood flows down Yuna's neck, a kind smile rests on her lips.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Did that calm you down a little? If it gets too hard to hold back again, let me know."
Shizuha: "...Yeah."
While she says that with a nod, Shizuha's expression contains some lingering dissatisfaction.
While her impulse is suppressed, she loves the taste of Yuna's blood for more than just that.
A bit of bloodsucking isn't enough to satisfy her desire.
Shizuha: "Then... Hmm... Can I have what's left...?"
Shizuha's face once again draws toward Yuna's neck.
Shizuha: "Mhaa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah..."
The sensation of Shizuha's tongue licking the remaining blood from her neck makes Yuna shudder.
Yuna's voice comes out in a pleasure-tinged moan.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. Thank you."
If "Allow Shizuha to drink her blood" -> "Let her drink a little longer" -> " Let Shizuha drink until
she's satisfied"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa... What am I gonna do with you? Fine, keep going a little longer."
Shizuha: "Mmm... Nnn... Nnn... Nnn... Nnn... Nnn..."
Shizuha resumes sipping from Yuna's neck.
Shizuha's lips fully cover up the wound on Yuna's neck, not allowing even a single drop of blood to
escape.
Yuna's lips curl into a smile as she watches Shizuha drink.
Shizuha: "Nn... Nn... Nn... Nn... Nn... Nn..."
Shizuha: "Nn, aaaah...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Satisfied?"
Shizuha: "Y-Yeah... I think... I'm calm now."
Ｙｕｎａ: "That's good, then."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...But I'm a bit dizzy now, thanks to you."
Shizuha: "Ah... A-Are you all right?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't worry. I'll be fine in a little while."
Although Shizuha is fretting over her, Yuna only pats her on the head and chuckles.
It's almost like she's a mother comforting her child.
If "Forbid Shizuha from drinking her blood"
Ｙｕｎａ: "No. If you were thirsty, you should have sucked that man's blood earlier. Yet you decided not to."
Shizuha: "Ugh... I mean, you're right, but... But I..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Anyway, just hold it in for a while longer."
Shizuha: "...Okay."
Shizuha frowns and lets her shoulders slump.
Understanding that she's suffering the consequences of her choices, she can't argue back.
All she can do is suppress the impulse within her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Fine. You may drink."
Shizuha: "Ah, aaaah...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "But be careful to make it not hurt too much, please."
Shizuha: "Yunaaaaa...!"
With a moan of craving, Shizuha bites into Yuna's neck.
Yuna knits her brows slightly, but accepts her without any complaint.
Shizuha: "Mm... Mm... Mmm... Nnn... Nnn..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...I swear. I mean for you to suck from my finger."
Shizuha: "Nn, guh... Mmm...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, nnn... That's enough, right? That should keep your impulses... in check..."
Shizuha: "Not yet... Moooore... Gulp... Gulp..."
Shizuha ignores Yuna's words and continues sucking her blood.
With the sound of gulping filling her ears, Yuna heaves a wry sigh.
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're usually so docile, but at times like this you're so assertive..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Really, what am I going to do with you...?"
If too much of her blood is drained, Yuna's Vampiric powers will wane.
With the threat of Hunters hanging over their heads, letting Shizuha drink too much of her blood
could mean dooming them both.
Ｙｕｎａ: "No. If you were thirsty, you should have sucked that man's blood earlier. Yet you decided not to."
Shizuha: "Ugh... I mean, you're right, but... But I..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Anyway, just hold it in for a while longer."
Shizuha: "...Okay."
Shizuha frowns and lets her shoulders slump.
Understanding that she's suffering the consequences of her choices, she can't argue back.
All she can do is suppress the impulse within her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Sorry, but no. We'll stop here for now."
Shizuha: "Ah..."
Yuna pushes Shizuha away gently, causing Shizuha's expression to cloud over with disappointment.
However, she makes no attempt to force Yuna to let her continue drinking. Obediently, Shizuha lets
go of the other girl.
Ｙｕｎａ: "That was enough to quell your Vampiric impulse, right?"
Shizuha: "Yeah... Thanks."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Just a little more, okay?"
Shizuha: "Yeah... Mm, mm... Nnng...!"
Giving Shizuha a smile, Yuna permits her to suck her blood for just a little while longer.
Although blood trickles from her bitten neck, Yuna only feels the slightest twinge of pain.
What she can feel, however, is strength slowly leaving her body.
Shizuha: "Mm, nnn, mmm, nnnng...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Okay, that's enough. Any more, and you'll make me anemic."
Shizuha: "Mm, schlrp... A little, longer..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "What... You're still not satisfied?"
Shizuha: "Your blood... tastes good..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah, ouch... Don't suck so hard."
Shizuha: "Yunaaaaaa... Mmm, nhaaa...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Stop it, you...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Sorry, but no. We'll stop here for now."
Shizuha: "Ah..."
Yuna gently pushes Shizuha's body away, ending the bloodsucking session.
Although a trickle of red blood flows down Yuna's neck, a kind smile rests on her lips.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Did that calm you down a little? If it gets too hard to hold back again, let me know."
Shizuha: "...Yeah."
While she says that with a nod, Shizuha's expression contains some lingering dissatisfaction.
While her impulse is suppressed, she loves the taste of Yuna's blood for more than just that.
A bit of bloodsucking isn't enough to satisfy her desire.
Shizuha: "Then... Hmm... Can I have what's left...?"
Shizuha's face once again draws toward Yuna's neck.
Shizuha: "Mhaa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah..."
The sensation of Shizuha's tongue licking the remaining blood from her neck makes Yuna shudder.
Yuna's voice comes out in a pleasure-tinged moan.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. Thank you."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa... What am I gonna do with you? Fine, keep going a little longer."
Shizuha: "Mmm... Nnn... Nnn... Nnn... Nnn... Nnn..."
Shizuha resumes sipping from Yuna's neck.
Shizuha's lips fully cover up the wound on Yuna's neck, not allowing even a single drop of blood to
escape.
Yuna's lips curl into a smile as she watches Shizuha drink.
Shizuha: "Nn... Nn... Nn... Nn... Nn... Nn..."
Shizuha: "Nn, aaaah...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Satisfied?"
Shizuha: "Y-Yeah... I think... I'm calm now."
Ｙｕｎａ: "That's good, then."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...But I'm a bit dizzy now, thanks to you."
Shizuha: "Ah... A-Are you all right?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't worry. I'll be fine in a little while."
Although Shizuha is fretting over her, Yuna only pats her on the head and chuckles.
It's almost like she's a mother comforting her child.
Ｙｕｎａ: "For now, let's get dressed before Saeki comes back with our food."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I don't really mind him seeing me like this, but... You'll still be embarrassed by it, right?"
Shizuha: "Y-Yeah..."
Shizuha hurriedly scoops up her clothes from the floor.
Yuna smirks as she watches Shizuha bustle around. She reaches out for her own clothes where they
hang from the edge of the bed.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hmm, this seems about right."
After putting on her usual clothes again, Yuna examines herself with satisfaction.
Shizuha: "Yuna, it's crooked over here."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Oh, thank you."
According to Yuna, her current outfit exemplifies her Vampiric identity.
Shizuha frankly doesn't understand what makes an outfit 'Vampiric' in particular, but there's no
refuting that those clothes fit Yuna perfectly.
While Yuna once asked Shizuha to dress similarly, she was too embarrassed to do so.
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Saeki's back, it seems."
Sensing someone else's presence just outside the room, Yuna turns her gaze to the door.
His footsteps grow closer, and the door eventually opens.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Good work. Are you going to make dinner now?"
Saeki: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Saeki?"
Saeki: "M-Mistress Yuna..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...?!"
Shizuha: "Huh...?"
All of a sudden, Saeki's body explodes.
Something inside his chest blew up, showering the room with his blood.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, get ready!"
Shizuha: "Huh? Huh?!"
Before Yuna can even explain what's going on, something charges into the room with them.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Tch!"
Slicing through the rain of Saeki's blood is someone running straight toward them.
A gauntlet-mounted weapon swings its sharpened tip down toward Yuna.
Yuna is quicker, however, and evades the swipe while grabbing Shizuha by her arm.
Shizuha: "Hiyaaa?!"
The blow smashes the bed that Yuna and Shizuha had occupied just moments ago to bits.
Feathers from the pillows fill the room. Standing in the center of the flurry is a girl with chestnut
colored hair.
Ｙｕｎａ: "The Hunters found us already...!"
Glaring at the girlーthe Hunter, Yuna kicks against the floor.
With Shizuha underneath her arm, she tackles her way through the window.
Shizuha: "Aaah?!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "We have to run!"
Leaving the estate behind them, Yuna sprints toward the forest.
Shizuha follows desperately behind her, towed by her arm.
It's clear who had just attacked them.
Ｙｕｎａ: "This is completely unexpected. I can't believe the Hunters caught up to us this quickly..."
Yuna clicks in her tongue in annoyance as she puts her hat back onto her head. It had fallen off in
the chaos off their escape.
She thought that everything had been going as planned, but it seems she was wrong about that.
She bitterly admits to herself that she underestimated the Hunter's intelligence network.
Shizuha: "Wh-What do we do?!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "We run!"
Shizuha: "R-Right. There's only one Hunter, so we can shake her off easilyー"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Only one?"
As she runs, Yuna turns her gaze behind them.
Her senses probe their wake, feeling out the presences chasing them. Her lips part in a sigh.
Ｙｕｎａ: "There's four of them."
Shizuha: "What?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "There were at least four in the estate."
Clubgoer: "Gah?!"
The man lets out a gasp as Yuna rushes him head-on and sinks her fangs into his neck.
The moment she savagely sucks his blood, he succumbs and becomes her minion with ease.
Kotofuki: "Gyaaah?!"
Takeshita: "Aaaah!"
Yuna swings out both her arms, chopping straight into the groins of Takeshita and Kotobuki.
The two of them let out piercing screams as blood spurts from their mutilated penises. The shock
causes them to let go of Shizuha.
...With her neck clasped between Alice's hands, Shizuha's head rips off of her shoulders.
Stepping outside the estate, the Hunter girl gazes into the forest.
The two Vampires she'd hoped to slay with that surprise attack are already well out of sight.
There is a reason she doesn't immediately give chase, though.
Ｖｏｉｃｅ　ｉｎ　ｔｈｅ　Ｄａｒｋ: "Sakaki Yuika. May we begin the hunt?"
Yuika: "...Right."
Yuika lets out a tired sigh.
Three other shadows lurk in the darkness nearby.
All four of them, including Yuika, are part of the Hunter Association, though their personal reasons
for fighting vary widely.
Ｖｏｉｃｅ　ｆｒｏｍ　Ｂｅｈｉｎｄ: "Heheh... The game is on."
Yuika: "You're all aware of the rules, right?"
Ｖｏｉｃｅ　ｆｒｏｍ　Ｂｅｈｉｎｄ: "Tch, of course we do. It's the same every time."
Ｖｏｉｃｅ　ｉｎ　ｔｈｅ　Ｄａｒｋ: "And who was it, exactly, who got civilians involved last time?"
Ｖｏｉｃｅ　ｆｒｏｍ　Ｂｅｈｉｎｄ: "That was just an unfortunate accident. 'sides, unlike you, Alice, I didn't kill them."
Alice: "If anyone had any 'unfortunate accidents', it'd be me. I didn't know there was anyone behind that
wall I destroyed."
Alice: "And I mourn those deaths, after all. Not like you, Rapunzel. Seeing people suffer only makes you
cackle."
Rapunzel: "Well, whaddaya expect me to do? Bunch of grown adults start screeching and bawling just because
their legs got crushed, and you expect me not to laugh?"
Although they aren't coming out of the shadows, Alice and Rapunzel continue to provoke one
another.
Hearing their squabbling only makes Yuika heave another sigh.
Yuika: "Do you have any idea how hard it was to hide both of those cases from the Association?"
Yuika: "You can kill the Vamps however you please, but don't let any harm befall civilians this time."
Yuika: "...Cleaning up your messes is a drag."
Alice: "Fine, fine, I get it. I'll be nice and careful this time."
Rapunzel: "Let's go, then."
With that, the presences of Alice and Rapunzel grow distant.
After confirming that the duo have left, Yuika scratches her head in annoyance.
Yuika: "It'd been easier if we just killed the Vampires early..."
Yuika: "...Gretel, you understand too, right?"
Gretel: "Yes, of course."
Another man's voice can be heard from the shadow of the estate.
Gretel: "The Association forced you into having to manage those two... I sympathize with your pain."
Yuika: "Their strength is undeniable, though."
Gretel: "But as capable as they are in combat, in the end they're just a pair of violent louts. They'd likely
bare their fangs against you if you were to anger them, Lady Yuika."
Yuika: "I know. That's why dealing with the Association is such a problem."
Meeting Alice and Rapunzel has led to nothing but headaches for Yuika.
While she prefers to work alone, the Association has forced her into acting as their leader.
Even after a year of the four of them working together, Yuika has yet to find any joy in the role.
Yuika: "Vampire hunting is a game, huh...? It'd be so much easier for me if I could think of it that way."
Gretel: "You need not lower yourself to the level of those fools, Lady Yuika."
Gretel: "You're a proud, noble Hunter. Please remain that way until the day you die... Nay, even after you
die."
Yuika: "...You're the only one who says that."
Gretel: "To me, you are nothing less than a Goddess, Lady Yuika. Meeting you was a ray of light shining
through the darkness that was my life before then..."
Gretel: "Aaah, the moment I met you! Just the memory of it brings me..."
Yuika: "I think the Vampires are getting away. Aren't you going to play the game too?"
Gretel: "Huh?! My, I very nearly got lost in reverie..."
Gretel: "Lady Yuika, wait just a while longer. I shall claim the heads of those two Vampires... and offer
them up to you as tribute."
With that said, Gretel disappears into the forest as well.
Once his presence grows distant as well, Yuika heaves a second, even heavier sigh.
Yuika: "Every single of them is... so..."
All three of them are strong, true, but their personalities are insufferable.
She knew that those three would be trouble from the moment she met them. Ever since she'd been
put in charge of them, she's known nothing but grief.
Yes, working in a team let them all hunt Vampires with far greater effectiveness.
However, Yuika can't help but feel like she's in far greater danger.
Rapunzel's disposition is especially problematic. Yuika knows the moment she does something that
doesn't suit his fancy, he'll end up attacking her himself.
While he's off enjoying his game of Vampire hunting at the moment, once he grows bored of that,
there's no telling what he might get up to.
Alice isn't quite as violent, but he's also a bloodthirsty maniac, with a tendency to attack Vampires
head-on.
His inability to be subtle has led to Vampires escaping several times in the past.
Even Gretel, the most obedient of the three, has given Yuika plenty of problems.
He regards Yuika with an unusual, even eerie degree of affection that has her questioning her safety
around him.
Yuika: "I just want to kill Vampires..."
Yuika's own reason for being a Hunter is plain and simple.
Her family was murdered by Vampires.
For better or worse, she was left as a survivor. The Hunter Association took her in afterward.
Fueled by revenge, she threw herself into training and qualified as a Hunter. Now she wanders the
land, hunting the bloodsuckers at every turn.
Yuika: "Chisakura is a city on an artificial island. If they want to leave, they'll have to cross the bridge to
return to the mainland."
Yuika: "Normally, I'd assume that's where they ran, but..."
As she whispers to herself, she taps the rim of her glasses.
Her touch causes a radar display to appear on one of the lenses. On it are the distance, speed, and
current direction of Yuna and Shizuha.
The device is a cutting-edge Vampire locator, provided to her recently by the Association.
Yuika considers it her most essential piece of equipment.
While its range isn't particularly far, no Vampire within that range can escape its detection.
Yuika: "I will exterminate... every single Vampire..."
She whispers to herself while looking up at the moon peeking between the roof of the estate and
the forest's trees.
Fire burns in her eyes; a burning hatred for all Vampires...
Shizuha: "Haa, haa, haa, haa...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Phew... I think we lost them, for the time being."
Now that they've found their way back to the city center, Yuna breathes a sigh of relief.
There's no sign of their pursuers at the moment.
She didn't think that they'd be shaken off so easily, but at least for the moment it seems they've
evaded pursuit.
Shizuha: "I can't believe the Hunters showed up so soon..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Yes, that was unexpected. It's hard to believe they found us so quickly..."
Shizuha: "Were they stationed in this city to begin with?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Who knows?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Either way, it was a mistake to command Saeki to go out. He was likely coerced into revealing our
location."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh... And I was looking forward to sleeping on a bed tonight..."
Having to abandon Saeki's estate within less than an hour of seizing it leaves Yuna somewhat
annoyed.
While she admits it was her lapse in judgment that brought this on, she can't help but resent the
Hunters nonetheless.
More than that, having her hopes of sleeping in a bed for the first night in a long time fills her with
intense anger.
Ｙｕｎａ: "That woman... She'll pay dearly."
Shizuha: "You're going to fight them?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "No, nothing that barbaric. Fighting means tearing my clothes and marring my skin."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm not sure what the method will be yet, but I'll definitely come up with an elegant way of
securing victory against them."
Yuna's lips curl up into a smirk.
While her anger hasn't subsided the slightest bit, her rational mind is calmly analyzing the
information at hand and plotting their next move.
Ｙｕｎａ: "The question is what to do next. Do we run away for now, or find somewhere to hide...?"
Shizuha: "Wouldn't running be the best idea?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
While they've escaped the Hunters for now, their flight has created another problem.
The Hunters hadn't given them the luxury of planning back then, so they ended up fleeing in the
opposite direction of the bridge.
Ｙｕｎａ: "This city is an artificial island. To leave it, we'll need to cross that bridge from earlier again."
Ｙｕｎａ: "However, the Hunters will certainly be waiting to ambush us there. We'll be surrounded, no doubt."
Ｙｕｎａ: "If that happens, we'll be in trouble."
Shizuha: "So, we hide?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Crossing the bridge is risky, but trying to hide is also not ideal.
It's possible that even more Hunters are lurking within the city, further tightening the noose around
them.
Both options have clear risks.
All she can do now is trust her intuition.
After thinking for a little while longer, Yuna makes her decision.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's make a break for it. More Hunters might be on the way, so we should cross the bridge while
we still can."
Shizuha: "Mm, understood."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Just don't fall behind, Shizuha."
Shizuha: "I-I'll try."
Having chosen to flee Chisakura as soon as they can, Yuna and Shizuha make their way to the
bridge.
They have no way of knowing if that was the right choice to make, but they will find out soon
enough...
Yuika: "..."
Yuika awaits the duo's arrival, leaning against the bridge's guardrail.
It's as if she knew ahead of time that they would come here. As Yuna and Shizuha appear, she
glares at them with cold eyes.
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Am I to take it that we've been outsmarted?"
Yuika: "I will... dispose of every single Vampire..."
Yuika readies the pile bunker on her arm, her personal Anti-Vampire weapon, as she approaches.
Despite her calm expression, bloodlust oozes from every fiber of her body. She's so menacing that
even Yuna swallows nervously.
Ｙｕｎａ: "She's not going to leave any room for discussion, is she?"
Shizuha: "Wh-What do we do?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "We fight, what else? Stand back, Shizuha."
Realizing that there's no avoiding combat in this situation, Yuna walks toward Yuika as well.
While Yuna doesn't like the idea of fighting a Hunter directly, the situation leaves her no choice.
Her true concern, however, is Yuika's companions.
They don't seem to be nearby at the moment, but there's no telling when they might appear to aid
her.
That risk means Yuna is planning to conclude this battle as quickly as she can.
Yuika: "You're not having your minion fight for you? You're a strange one."
Ｙｕｎａ: "She's not used to fighting yet. Besides, barbaric combat just doesn't suit Shizuha, see?"
Yuika: "I don't care if you're the master or the minion. It doesn't change the fact you're both Vampires."
Yuika: "I will exterminate every last one of you... I will wipe you off the face of the earth."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Try it, then!"
Shizuha: "U...Ugh... Aaah...!"
A strained voice escapes Shizuha's throat.
Rapunzel's tentacles coil around her body and constrict her limbs. One of them is tightening around
her throat.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha!"
Yuna falls to her knees, her body covered in wounds as she cries out in sorrow.
Standing around her are not just Yuika, but Alice and Gretel as well.
The battle has ended in Yuna's defeat.
Yuika's companions showed up to aid her not long after she began fighting Yuna.
Yuna could not fight four opponents while defending Shizuha, and so was ruthlessly and decisively
defeated.
Ｙｕｎａ: "You little...!"
Rapunzel: "Ooh?!"
In a final effort, Yuna cleaves her claws through Rapunzel's tentacles, severing them and freeing
Shizuha.
Black blood soaks into Yuna's clothes, but she's in no position to worry about appearances now.
Shizuha: "Agh... Aaah... Haa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, are you all right?"
Shizuha: "Y-Yeah. But..."
Shizuha looks around anxiously.
Four Hunters surround them.
Each of them is powerful in their own right. The chances that the two Vampires can prevail are
slim.
Despair finally sinks into Shizuha's heart as she realizes that the end has finally come.
Rapunzel: "Giving up already? C'mon, it's no fun if you don't kick and scream a little harder."
Gretel: "Vampires that don't resist are to be transferred to the Association. We can't kill them for no reason."
Rapunzel: "And what's the point in that, really? The Association'll just kill you anyway. Better off to fight and
die here, don'tcha think?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't... Shizuha... Just spare Shizuha..."
Yuika: "You're asking for the impossible. We can't let a Vampire go."
Yuika: "The two of you... are finished."
Her words bear the weight of a death sentence.
Either they fight and die here, or be sent to the Hunter Association for execution.
With a heavy heart, Yuna realizes that her judgment was mistaken.
Shizuha: "Stay with me... until the very end."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha..."
Shizuha takes Yuna's hand and gives her a kind smile.
Shizuha's expression tells Yuna all she needs to know: that she has accepted that their lives will end
tonight.
Seeing Shizuha like this makes it clearer to Yuna that she must not give up.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
They stand atop a bridge.
Enemies are positioned both ahead and behind them, blocking those avenues of escape.
But if they have any kind of chance, it would be to...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha..."
Shizuha: "Mm?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Thank you... for everything."
Shizuha: "Huh?"
Shizuha: "Ah!"
Yuna lunges forward.
At first, it seems like she's trying to embrace Shizuha. The next moment, though, Yuna throws her
off the bridge with all her might.
Yuika: "What...?!"
Despite her surprise, Yuika moves forward.
She fires into Yuna's back as she attempts to jump off the bridge too.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh?!"
Yuna doesn't make it to the railing before falling backward.
If Yuika had reacted any slower, Yuna would have made it off the bridge as well.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nng, aaaaah...!"
Yuika: "You pulled a fast one on us, bloodsucker..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nnngah, aaah... Guh... Heh, heheh... A third-rate Hunter like you... never imagined I'd do this, did
you...?"
Lying on her back atop the bridge, Yuna contorts her lips into a smile.
Pain from her gunshot wounds rushes through her body, but she pushes aside the pain.
Rapunzel: "Ahaha, you really did it now. It's all ocean down there. No point in even trying to look for her."
Alice: "But the legends say Vampires can't cross running water. If she's a Vampire, she can't still be alive."
Rapunzel: "Well, even if she wasn't a Vampire, she fell into the sea from this height during the night. Any
normal person would die."
Yuika: "..."
Gretel: "L-Lady Yuika?"
Yuika looks silently down at Yuna.
The sheer anger in Yuika's expression is clear.
She refrains, however, from leveling her gun at Yuna, nor does she raise her pile bunker.
Yuika: "...Rapunzel, tie the Vampire up so she can't escape."
Rapunzel: "Huh? Aren't we going to kill her?"
Yuika: "We will send her to the Association."
Rapunzel: "You're not gonna kill this Vampire when one of them got away?"
Yuika: "I want to kill her so badly it's driving me mad. But..."
Yuika: "Sending her to the Association will be that much more humiliating for her."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
And so, Yuna is handed over to the Hunters' Association.
Just what did Yuika's words mean?
It did not take long for Yuna to learn the answer to that question.
Ｙｕｎａ: "U-Ugh..."
She lies sprawled on the floor of a dark room.
There isn't a shred of clothing on her body, leaving her breasts and genitals fully exposed.
Several men stand around her, all of them naked as well.
They are currently within a facility of the Hunter Association.
After her defeat at Yuika's hands, Yuna was sent to this so-called laboratory.
All that awaited her here, however, were men who, while loathing Vampires, were simultaneously
filled with a distorted lust for her kind.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "They got us a real pretty one this time. We hit the jackpot, boys."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Can't say I like how small her boobs are, though..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Don't worry about it. What really matters is how you it feels when you jam it in."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Yuna's limbs are tied up. She cannot resist them, nor can she hide her nude body from the men's
leering.
It's easy to imagine what's about to happen to her. She prepares herself for what's to come.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "C'mon, why don'tcha say something?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｅ: "Look at the confidence in her face, heh."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...!"
The men reach their hands out, starting to gently rub her breasts.
While their touches are brief, as if confirming how she feels, it's already enough to fill Yuna with
disgust and aversion.
The thought of her body being made into their plaything makes her want to bite her own tongue
and die on the spot.
However, dying would mean she'd never see Shizuha again.
Yuna isn't so attached to her own life, but the thought of Shizuha keeps her from committing
suicide on the spot.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "About time we get started, I say. So... who's gonna stick their schlong in first this time?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "I forget. It's probably your turn. I'll take her ass."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Then I'll have her mouth."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
The men's casual talk makes Yuna break into a cold sweat.
It's about to begin.
Unfamiliar men whose names she doesn't even know are about to sully her.
She would like nothing better than to tear their throats out, but given the situation, she's incapable
of doing anything.
The most Yuna can do now is resist the urge to cry out.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "C'mon, here we go. Let's hear you scream, beautiful."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nnnnnnng...!"
The men crawl all over Yuna, thrusting their erect genitals into her.
Sharp pains stab through her mouth, vagina, and rectum.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh, gaaah... Nnng, agh...!"
Ｙｕｎａ
(I can't believe... this is happening to me...)
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Hey, you're really clamping down on me, aren't ya?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "She's pretty tight back here, too."
The men laugh heartily while thrusting their cocks back and forth.
Yuna's pain does nothing to faze the men, who continue their despicable act in earnest.
Ｙｕｎａ: "U-Ugh, mbfah...?!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Just calm down and suck on it. Resisting us will only make things more painful for you."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Guh, nnngh...!"
The man's cock is submerged into her throat, but Yuna isn't giving any reaction.
She isn't trying to spit out, nor is she trying to pleasure it.
Apathy is her avenue of resistance against what's being done to her.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Why is it that all you vampires are so fucking dumb? It's obvious that resisting is just wasted effort."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Well, if that's how you wanna be, guess I'll show you no mercy!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gbfaaah?! Nng, gwah...!"
The man raping Yuna's mouth starts thrusting his hips wildly.
His erect penis pokes against the back of her throat, tormenting Yuna's body with stabbing jolts of
pain.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "Pheeeew, it feels good in here, too. A woman's armpit is incredible."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｅ: "Seriously...? Man, I don't get armpit fetishists."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "Yeah, well if you ask me, hair fetishists make no sense."
There are more men than Yuna has holes, but there are those who satisfy themselves by rubbing
their genitals against her armpits and hair.
However, they don't seem at all displeased by the arrangement. In fact, they have faint smiles
plastered on their faces.
It seems they're accustomed to such acts.
They have no qualms with raping Vampires, to the point where figuring out who gets to fuck
which part of their bodies has become a game.
Ｙｕｎａ
(To think scum like them get to...!)
Ｙｕｎａ
(But I have to bear this... I need to hold on, and think of a way to escape...)
Ｙｕｎａ
(Shizuha... I hope she's all right...)
Even during her terrible treatment, the first thing on Yuna's mind is Shizuha's safety.
It was the only way Yuna could try to save her, but it still meant that Shizuha was thrown off a
bridge into the sea in the middle of the night.
Yuna isn't even sure if Shizuha knows how to swim.
It never came up before then. Yuna can't even be sure that she truly gave Shizuha a chance.
Even so, she can at least rest assured that Shizuha is better off drowning in the sea than being at the
Hunters' mercy.
Ｙｕｎａ
(If you're dead already, forgive me...)
Ｙｕｎａ
(If the alternative to death is this... If surviving means experiencing this humiliation, then Shizuha's
better off dead...)
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Haah... She seriously isn't into this."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "...Huh, what are you glaring at me for?! Don't you know, you bitch? We decide if you live or die
here."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Be good, and you'll get to live longer as our sex toy."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "In exchange, though, if you try to suck anyone's blood... We'll kill you in the cruelest way possible."
Ｙｕｎａ
(...)
Yuna can't help but inwardly cringe in fear.
It's clear that the man isn't making an idle threat.
Sure, she might bite down on the man's dick, suck his blood, and turn him into her minion for a
split second.
The moment she tries, however, the rest of the men will overpower their former comrade on the
spot.
Yuna, of course, will be slain right after.
It's clear that they aren't leaving her any opportunity for escape, and so she remains docile, allowing
them to ravish her mouth.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "C'mon, you can suck better than that!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gbfah?! Uuu, ugha...!"
Ｙｕｎａ
(I-I can't breathe...! His penis is clogging up my throat!)
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "You're our toy already, you got that? You ought to learn your place."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Uugh... Kah, kah...!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "What do you have to say for yourself?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Yes."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Attagirl."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mggaah?! Uu, gah, ugh, bfah, oooh...!"
Once Yuna replies, the man resumes thrusting his hips.
The man's movements are so violent that even if she wanted to, there's no way she can suck on his
cock.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Heheheh, she's finally getting wet."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "And she's starting to squeeze nicely on this end, too..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Hey, we know you're not a virgin, so we can go all out on you, right?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Well, we'd do it even if you were a virgin."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Ahahaha, Vamps like it hard anyway. You don't mind, do ya?!"
Ｙｕｎａ
(These... These... pieces of human filth...!)
Ｙｕｎａ
(They'll kill me in the end, anyway. I want to be sure of taking at least take one of them down with
me...)
Yuna's heart is conflicted.
Should she choose life at the cost of her body being sullied, or a dignified death by killing a Hunter
as her final act?
However, the latter would throw away any chance of her reuniting with Shizuha...
Even if Shizuha is still alive, Yuna's chances of meeting her again are next to nothing. But even so,
it's not quite zero.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "I keep telling you... to stop zoning out!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gaaah?!"
Because Yuna is making no attempt to pleasure them, the man punches her in the face.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Do you understand the position you're in? Would you rather that we send you to the good doctor
instead? He gets hard when he gets to dissect one of you fuckers."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nng... Guh..."
The man's glare makes Yuna swallow fearfully.
It seems ignoring them isn't a favorable course of action.
Dignity in death is as close as a single bite of her fangs into the man's cock.
But perhaps, if she's obedient enough, she can prolong her life to the point where she can find a
way out.
Ｙｕｎａ
(I...)
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, guh, mbah... Schlurp... L-Like... Guh, mmn... Like this...?"
After some deliberation, Yuna chooses life.
Even if it means her body will be tainted beyond belief, she gambles it all on the possibility of
eventually reuniting with Shizuha.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Right. Just like that."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Tighten up your pussy, too."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "And your ass!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Y-Yesh... Schlurp, muha... Mm, nng, aaah... S-Sluuurp... Sluuurp!"
Yuna bobs her head back and forth, focusing on the dick in her mouth.
She also purses her lips, trying to give the man as much pleasure as possible.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "Aaaah, her armpit feels so good..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｅ: "And her hair's so smooth... It's been so long since I've had one that's this good."
The men rubbing their dicks against Yuna's armpit and hair are gradually starting to lose themselves
to the act.
Their glans turn red and swollen as precum begins seeping from their urethras.
Ｙｕｎａ
(This is disgusting... What is this weird smell...?)
The scent filling her nostrils makes her furrow her brow in revulsion.
The body odor of the men surrounding her is more foul than she could have ever imagined.
It's as if something invisible is penetrating the base of her throat. The sensation assaults her with a
constant sense of nausea.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Yeah, that's good... She's getting wetter."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Hey, you're slacking on me back here! Clench up, you hear?!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nng, aaah, mmmg, Y-Yes... Mmm, nnnng...!"
Commanded by the man raping her rectum, Yuna puts energy into her abdomen.
She repeats the men's words in her mind, as if to encourage herself to continue.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Hey, does my dick taste good?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Schlurp... Mmm, nnghaah... It tastes... good.."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Say it clearly."
Ｙｕｎａ: "It's delicious... Mhaa, mm, schlurp..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "What's with that expression? Say it with a smile on your face!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "―Nnnng?!"
Angered by Yuna's attitude, the man shoves his cock into the back of her throat.
He moves violently and inconsiderately, not caring that he's choking her.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "See, Vampires... You filthy Vampires... ought to just stay nice and quiet, sucking on our dicks.
Especially female Vampires!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Who the fuck do you think you are? The moment you're left to your own devices, you start
multiplying like cockroaches."
He speaks as though he's reminiscing about something while grabbing Yuna tightly by the head,
thrusting his hips back and forth in savage movements.
As strands of her hair get torn away by his fingers, Yuna's eyes narrow with anger.
Her urge to bite the man's dick off has nothing to do with sucking his blood at this point. Still, she
manages to suppress the urge.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "So from now on, you're never gonna suck blood again. You'll be drinking cum instead. I'll give you
all the cum you'll ever fucking need, and that way there won't be any more victims."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "You got that? If so, shed some tears of gratitude and thank me, you bitch."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gubaaah... Thank, you... very much...."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Now go harder. Put your all into sucking me off."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Guah, ugh, yes... Mm, schlrp, mmm, schluuuurp!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Schlurp, mm, mhaaa, schluurp, schla, mhaa, maaah, guh, schlaaaa, mm, mhaa, nnng, schlrp,
schlurp, mm, mhaaa, nuhaaaa!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nnnnng?!"
Yuna's furious fellatio makes the man reach his limit.
Surrendering himself to Yuna's servicing, he ejaculates inside her mouth.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "U-Ugh... Aaaah..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Bghaaaa, uuu... Mm, mm, guh..."
Ｙｕｎａ
(This is so disgusting... I can't believe he poured this gunk into my mouth...)
Yuna contorts her face in disgust at the warm sensation spreading inside her mouth.
The viscous, foul-smelling stuff spreads across her tongue.
This is the first time she's ever had a man ejaculate inside her mouth.
It's so repulsive that she has to stop herself from cursing out loud.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Haa... Haa... Haa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, guh, ugh.. Hufaa..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Swallow it. If you spit it out, I'll kill you."
Ｙｕｎａ: "U-Ugh... Uuu... Mmng, mmng, mmng..."
Yuna gulps audibly.
Withstanding the building nausea inside her chest, she swallows the semen in her mouth little by
little.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mmg, mmg... Nnn, guh... Mmg..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Good, good, you're really drinking it all down, I'll give you that."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Buah, ah..."
The man steps back, his scornful gaze still fixed on her.
A white thread momentarily stretches between her mouth and his penis before breaking.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaah... Haa... U-Ugh, aaah..."
Although she's swallowed all the semen in her mouth, the urge to vomit remains just as intense as
before.
The stench seems to be frozen inside her nostrils, refusing to be dislodged. She moans as tears roll
from her eyes.
However, her humiliation is hardly over.
If anything, the men raping her vagina and anus are building up speed, as if to say that they'd only
just gotten started.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaaah?!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Don't doze off on us here. The party's just beginning."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Yeah, it took us a bit to get warmed up, but you're really starting to feel it now, right?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah! S-So hard..!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Oooh, you're really squeezing now."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Yeah, her butt just clenched, too... She's really clamping down on me."
The men's cocks are hard like clubs as they beat her insides.
Their reddened glans scrub against her inner walls as if grating themselves inside her, sending a
mixture of pain and pleasure running through her body.
Ｙｕｎａ
(I hate this... And it hurts, but... it does feel a just a little bit good...)
Yuna can't deny that she's feeling pleasure from the act.
While her heart steadfastly rejects it, her body can't refuse the pleasant sensations building within
her body.
In fact, with every passing second, her pussy gets just a little bit wetter, and her arousal grows just a
little bit more powerful.
Ｙｕｎａ
(They're pressing my insides between their cocks inside my belly...)
Ｙｕｎａ
(I don't want to let them hear my voice, but I don't think they'll let me get away with that...)
While she wishes otherwise, she forces herself to allow moans to escape her lips.
It's to give the men what they want and increase her odds of survival.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "Aaah, her armpit's getting sweaty... The tip of my dick feels so fucking good..."
The man rubbing himself against Yuna's armpit starts moving faster too.
The softness of her skin elevates his excitement to new heights.
The precum dripping from his tip smears all over her armpit, bringing his ejaculation ever closer.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "Crap, I'm gonna cum at this rate... I'm gonna shoot it all over you."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｅ: "Me too, ugh... I'm gonna... Gonna soak your hair with all my cum."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｅ: "If you feel like drinking blood... try licking your own hair. That's enough to satisfy you Vamps,
right?"
The man by her head rubs the tip of his cock against her scalp again and again.
The sensation of his shaft digging through her hair inflicts a completely different kind of displeasure
on her than that of the cocks inside her holes.
Ｙｕｎａ
(This sick pervert...! If he cums in my hair, it'll mess it up! I'll never be able to get it all out!)
Yuna curses inwardly, as she can't even be sure if they'll let her so much as bathe while keeping her
imprisoned.
Even in this situation, she forces herself to remain calm.
Or maybe it's because she's starting to accept her circumstances that she's able to stay composed.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｅ: "Her hair is so fucking good.... Aaah, damn, I love Vampires that take care of their hair."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, aaah, th-thank you, very much, mm, ugh...! I take, aaah, mm... good, c-care of it..."
As much as it enrages her to do so, Yuna thanks the man for his words.
As humiliating as it is, resistance is meaningless.
If she doesn't service and please these men until they cum, they'll never leave her alone.
Ｙｕｎａ
(Shizuha...!)
As her body is further sullied and tainted, Yuna can only think of Shizuha.
Holding on to the belief that they might meet once again is what allows her to withstand the
humiliation.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "You're clamping down on me like crazy... Do you like my cock this much?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Your butt's clenching, too. You must love feeling my dick inside you."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaah, y-yes, this, aah, aaaaah, this feels very, good...!"
Ｙｕｎａ
(This feels so gross...!)
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Then get even tighter!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "And thank us for sticking our dicks in your holes!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "U-Ugh... Th-Thank you for, nng, s-sticking... Gaaah, your penises, inside me...!"
Ｙｕｎａ
(Someday... When I get out of this place... I'll rip off those disgusting things... that dangle between
your legs...!)
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Ahahahahahaha!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Heeheeheeheehee!"
The elated men poke and churn Yuna's insides.
Their impulses to ejaculate flare up as their thrusts cause her dainty limbs to thrash and jolt.
Their cocks stir up the insides of her pussy and intestines, putting pressure on her from either side.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Hey, can you hear that...? That squelching. That's all your love juices, cutie."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Y-Yes, g-guh, aaah..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "How does it feel? C'mon, say it."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nghaa, i-it's, embarrassing..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Oh, you're embarrassed. The monster's embarrassed, huh...?"
Ｙｕｎａ
(I'll kill you, you bastard... I swear it, one day I'll tear the life out of you...!)
Though hate fills and burns in her heart, Yuna is indeed overcome with shame.
She may be a Vampire, but she's first and foremost a woman.
Being in the presence of such unfamiliar men only makes her more keenly aware of her nudity.
They ogle her chest and crotch; they touch them, they ravish them. The realization of what's being
done to her fills her with anger and sorrow.
Ｙｕｎａ
(I can't... I can't cry...!)
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "What, you gonna start bawling on us?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｅ: "Ooh, that sounds good. That'll turn me on."
The realization that Yuna is shedding tears only seems to arouse the men further.
Their sadistic hearts delighted by the sight of her sorrow, the men thrust their penises harder against
and into her to stimulate her further.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Feels that good, huh? You're crying from joy because it just feels that good, right?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Uuu, kaaah... Y-Yes, aaaaah, it feels, good, so... Haaa, the tears, ah, aaaah, just come out..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Then you want us to fill you up next, right?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Y-Yes, f-fill... Fill me up, please!"
She screams the words out so that she can be sure every man hears her.
In a way, this is how she proves her resolve to them.
She shouts out so that her intent to withstand their humiliation of her is clear.
Ｙｕｎａ: "So, p-please... Please, give me all your cum! Inside me, mm, ah, in my armpit, i-in my hair... G-
Give me your seed, please!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "Fuck, I can't hold on any longer!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｅ: "I'll shower you with my cum!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaah?! S-So hard, aaaahiii, aah, guh, ah, ah, ah, give me everything, give me more, I'm
cumming, ugh, cummiiiiiiing!"
The men's thrusting turns wild and desperate.
The shaking and thrashing of her body is accompanied by her own lust igniting like a torch.
She tries her best to withstand the rush as her body jolts in reaction to the stimulating mixture of
pain and pleasure.
Ｙｕｎａ
(Hurry up... Hurry up and cum already...!)
Ｙｕｎａ
(Just cum already... Hurry up and be done with this... Hurry... I want to see Shizuhaaa!)
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "I'm gonna... cum again, too... Uuuugh, this time I'll spray it all over you!"
The man who ejaculated in her mouth earlier starts jerking himself off.
Of course, he keeps his tip pointed at Yuna, meaning the semen still lingering in his urethra spurts
out wildly.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Shit, I'm cumming! I'm gonna cum inside you!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "I'll stir your ass... with my cum!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "Armpiiiits, fuck, I love armpiiiits!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｅ: "Ahahaha, time for your shampoo!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaaaah?! Aaaah, aah, you're thrusting... up...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah, aaah, m-my body's, so hot... Aaah, this is, I'm...! This is.. Haa, aaah, aaaaaaah...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I can't, I'm, aaah, c-cumming, ah, aaaah! Cumming, cumming, ugh, aaaah, kuuuuuh....!"
Her mind is overwhelmed with carnal lust.
Her body seethes while her climax comes rushing in.
If she truly wanted to resist it, she probably could.
However, she believes that reaching climax together with her captors might serve to please them
further.
With her decision made, she accepts this pleasure she's never once wished for, choosing to allow
her body achieve satisfaction.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Come on... Let's cum! You cum, too!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaaaah, y-yes, cumming, mm, aaah, I'm going to, cum! Aaaah, m-my pussy, aaah, my pussy's,
cumming, cumming...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "M-My pussy's, aaah, gonna, cum from, aaah, aaah, being plowed, gonna cum, cum cum cum,
uuuugh, I'm gonna cum, aaaah, cum, cum, cuuum..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Cumiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing!!!"
At that moment, a hot sensation rips through Yuna's body.
A large wave swells within her as an entirely different sort of heat creeps into her body.
Her body spasms and shakes in sync with the surrounding men's bodies.
As they pump their hips back and forth, they unleash their semen in and onto Yuna's body.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Aaaah... Haaa... I'm cumming...!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "The way her ass moves is amazing... It's like she's trying to suck it up!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Aha, hahahahha, I squirted all over her... I did it..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "B-Best armpit I ever fucked..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｅ: "Phew... Aaah... Shampoo successfully applied..."
The men's ejaculations come to an end.
Yuna's orgasm concludes as well, leaving her pussy dripping with love juices.
The semen from the man inside her vagina mixes into her secretions, causing a mixture of their
fluids to ooze out of her body.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haaa... Haaa... Haaa... Haaa..."
Ｙｕｎａ
(Shizuha... I want to see you so much...)
Tears build up in Yuna's eyes as she vividly realizes just how tainted her body has become.
She doesn't want to cry, but tears fall unchecked from her eyes nonetheless. She's shocked at just
how badly the men have soiled her with their filthy body fluids.
How many more times will she have to undergo this torture in the days to come?
Will her dream of being reunited with Shizuha be realized after all this disgrace and suffering?
With those questions floating in her thoughts, Yuna lets her eyelids flutter shut...
Some time has passed since Yuna was brought into the facility.
Every single day she's been raped by men, leaving her exhausted and battered in both body and
spirit.
At first her strong desire to see Shizuha again fueled her, but little by little that hope has begun to
abandon her.
She has yet to find an opportunity to escape.
It seems she'll never leave this facility alive.
Every time she thinks about the situation she's in, that truth looms before her with all its merciless
gravity.
(I'll... never see Shizuha again, will I?)
(Maybe if I choose to die, I'll get to see her sooner.)
That thought haunts her waking hours, making everything feel utterly meaningless.
She eats. Uses the toilet. Sleeps. Gets raped.
Her days blur into a constant repetition of these events. What meaning is there to it all...?
Ideas begin appearing unbidden in her mind. Maybe today will be the day she provokes the men
into killing her?
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha... I'm... sorry..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Hey. Sorry to have kept you waiting."
The door to her room opens. Once again, the same group of men as always walk in.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Pheeew, work sure was hell today."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "So much stress at work, day in, day out. I think we ought to get a bit of that tender healing touch,
ya know?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
There's no need for them to declare why they've come to her room.
But today, Yuna has no intention of cooperating.
Her desire to be released as quickly as possible trumps all else. She gives them a piercing glare.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "O-Ow! You little...!"
Today, Yuna chooses to rebel.
The first thing she does to the thick member thrust into her mouth is to bite down and suck the
man's blood.
Of course, the men fall over each other in panic.
The one who got his dick bitten goes into a frenzy. Even as he cusses violently, he turns toward the
other men with fear in his eyes.
Of course, they promptly shoot him to death on the spot. He drops to the floor, a pool of blood
spreading out from his body.
Once he falls still, the remaining men turn their cold gazes toward Yuna...
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "It looks like you're prepared for what's to come, so I'll let you in on a little something."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "We're far more cruel... than you can even imagine."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Wh-What?! What are you doing?!"
The men pin Yuna down against the floor and spread her legs open.
She assumed the indignant men would gun her down at once, but it seems her predictions were
gravely mistaken.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Fucking monster... We get a little sweet on you, and you let it go to your head..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "If you'd just kept your head screwed on, you could have lived a long life as our sex toy."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Hey, is it ready?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Yeah, it's perfect."
One of the men produces a transparent tube-shaped object.
It's full of a lightly colored liquid.
While Yuna has no idea what it is, it sends a cold shiver down her spine all the same.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Let's begin."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nnng?!"
The man pushes the tube against her anus.
It's clear now that it's a syringe: long, narrow, and obviously designed to be inserted into the rectum.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Wh-What is this?! This thing... Why...?!"
It's an enema.
While she's never had one before, she still realizes what it's intended for.
An enema's intended purpose is to accelerate defecation.
If the contents of the tool get injected into her intestines, she'll be forced to defecate in front of all
these men.
Sure, it'll be extremely shameful, but it's hardly something that will kill someone, especially a
Vampire.
Yuna can't even begin to imagine why they'd be concerned with this, given the situation.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Oh, I understand what you're saying. You think that since we're going to kill you, why bother with
the enema, right?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "If you think it's just to completely disgrace you before ending your life..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "...You're wrong."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Huh...?"
The man's denial of the only reason she can think of causes a small exclamation to escape her lips.
If they don't intend to humiliate her, then what even is the point of the enema?
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Well, you'll see soon enough."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Man, it's been so long since last time. I'm looking forward to it."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "All right, let's start."
He grabs hold of the enema's plunger.
He pushes it downward, pouring its contents into Yuna's body.
Preparing for the defecation that will soon overcome her, Yuna braces herself.
Ｙｕｎａ
(I thought they were going to just kill me, but I didn't think they'd do something like this...)
Ｙｕｎａ
(What do I do? Should I bear this for as long as I can?)
Ｙｕｎａ
(Or maybe I should just let it out. It'll come out either way, so maybe it'd be easier to get it over
with...)
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "I'm sure there's a lot going through your head right now, but I'd be gritting my teeth real hard
right about now if I were you."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "...Because that's sulfuric acid."
Ｙｕｎａ: "AaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
The moment the fluid in the enema makes contact with her, pain consumes her.
Her body jerks and thrashes violently in pain as her rectum and intestines burn.
Ｙｕｎａ: "AaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
She screams.
All she can do is scream.
She can't help but howl and cry.
It feels as if her body is melting from the inside. It's a degree of pain Yuna has never experienced
before.
This is the kind of agony no strength of will can block out.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "All right, here comes the swap."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Unnng?!"
The man removes the enema and pushes a cork into her anus a moment later.
Yuna tries to expel the sulfuric acid from her body, but no matter how much force she clenches her
stomach with, the cork won't come out.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "You're so fucking stupid. If only you'd stayed nice and quiet, you wouldn't have to go through this."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Bet you thought you'd be better off dead, huh?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "All right, next."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nnnnngggaaah!"
The cork comes out, only to be replaced seamlessly by the enema's tip once again.
Ｙｕｎａ: "W-Wait!"
Yuna exclaims despite herself.
She begs them to stop before her mind catches up to what her mouth is saying.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "What?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aah... Ugh... Guh..."
Although she cried out for mercy, she can't think of anything to say in this situation.
Intense pain burns through her nerves, causing her to drip with cold sweat.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "You're not apologizing, huh? Guess you don't regret anything."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Here we go. Second time."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gaahiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!"
Yuna once again clenches her teeth in agony, trying to suppress the pain caused by the sulfuric acid
injection.
Her spine arches reflexively, but the men keep her pinned to the floor.
Ｙｕｎａ
(It hurts, it hurts, it hurts so muuuuuuuch!)
Those words fill her mind like a landslide.
Pain unlike anything she'd ever experienced before whites out her thoughts, preventing her from
thinking of anything else.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsi
thurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsith
urtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurts!!!!"
Rivulets of tears roll down her cheeks.
The despair of being refused a dignified death consumes her.
Yet this cruel act continues regardless.
Again, the enema is removed and replaced by a cork in her ass as they refill the syringe with a third
dose of acid.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hiiii....!"
Seeing them prepare for a third injection makes her let out a screech.
It's not over yet.
She can't even imagine when it will end.
Her mind continuously attempts to find a way to escape her agony, only to be interrupted by the
very same.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Here we go."
Once again, the tip of the enema mercilessly enters her rectum.
She can feel the stuff rising through her guts. There's no telling just how high up in her body it
might reach.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah, gaaah... Hii..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "If you've got something to say, go ahead."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Guh... uuu... Gaaah..."
Something to say?
She can't even think at this point.
Maybe as time goes by, she might grow ever so slightly more used to the pain, but at this point she
hasn't had the leisure to think properly.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Guess you've got nothing to say."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaah!!!"
She howls like a tortured animal as they inject more acid into her body.
Her body shivers and shakes as if she's being electrocuted. Her convulsions are so intense at this
point that it takes several men working together to keep her pinned down.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!"
Ｙｕｎａ
(Something... I've got to say something...)
She understands what they want, at least.
If she doesn't appease them, this act will simply go on and on.
It doesn't take much for her to imagine that they might continue until her stomach outright bursts.
Ｙｕｎａ
(Something... Anything...!)
As desperation rushes through her mind, the empty enema is once again replaced by the cork in
her ass.
Fresh acid fills the tube once again as they fall into a rhythm.
And then...
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Next."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I-I'm sooooooooorry!"
Through the haze of her frenzied thoughts, she eventually manages to splutter those words.
Even if it means completely discarding her pride as a vampire, she can't help but apologize.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Oh, you finally said it."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "And you look like you mean it this time."
The men watching over her smirk.
Nothing satisfies them more than the moment a proud, haughty Vampire's heart snaps.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "And what are you apologizing for, exactly?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "A-Aaah... E-Erm..."
Yuna stumbles over the man's question.
Alarms blare out in her mind that she shouldn't give them an answer they'll dislike.
However, she can't think straight at all.
What exactly should she be apologizing for right now?
The pain grows sharper as she wracks her brains for an answer. In the end, she fails to say anything
at all.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Just giving an empty sorry only makes you come across as even more vile."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
ah!!!"
And so, they inject even more acid into Yuna's insides.
By now her abdomen has swollen up, making it clear from the outside just how much sulfuric acid
has flooded her intestines.
Ｙｕｎａ: "U-Ugh... Gaaaah...Ooooh...!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Looks like she's going to faint."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "I mean, heh, look at how much acid we poured into her... Her internal organs must be mush by
now."
The men laugh heartily as they look down at Yuna where she writhes in agony on the floor.
While she might outwardly look human, to them, Vampires are nothing more than detestable
monsters.
No matter how much pain they inflict on her or how much she weeps and screams, their hearts
aren't burdened by guilt.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "So, this is your limit."
The man uncorks Yuna's anus once again, but instead heaves a sigh and whispers something.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Do we still have acid left?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Sure. Plenty to spare."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Then let's pour it on her face. We'll make her the ugliest Vampire in the world."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...!"
Yuna's heart skips a beat.
The man's words give her a swift moment of clarity.
Ｙｕｎａ: "W-Waiiiiit..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I.... I was... wrong.... I'm... s-sorr...y...!"
She slurs the words out as if her life depends on it.
Forgetting how she had been welcoming death just a little while ago, she squeezes out those words.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I-I'm sorry, aah, for, b-biting... For making, one of you into a, b-bampire... I-I'm sh-shorry...!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Is that it? Is that all you did wrong...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I-I s-sucked... blood from... ah, aaah, o-other... people, too... Aaah...!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "And that's all you did wrong?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I-I was... wrong...!"
She continues babbling desperately while resisting the pain burning through her body.
If she says anything that offends him, he'll pour more acid into her.
She thought that she'd been prepared to die, but being kept alive and raped over and over again is
far preferable to this horrifying agony.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "You gotta apologize for what you did wrong, you know? Even if the people you hurt aren't here."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I-I'm s-s-sorry! Please, f-forgive me!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "...That's all you've got to say?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aah, aaaah, I'm sorry! Forgive me! I did, aah, b-bad things! I was, wrong!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'ms
orryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'
msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorryi'msor
ryi'msorryi'msorryi'msorry!"
Yuna mouths those words of apology over and over and over, chanting the two words like a curse.
Her heart, conquered by terror, can no longer retain the pride it once held.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "See, we really considered keeping you around as our toy... You really were going to get off alive,
you know?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "But you had to go ahead and bite the hand that feeds you, didn't you?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Well, you satisfied? Still think you're better off? Does living as a rape doll still look worse than
death to you?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Or maybe this is your way of showing you don't like our cocks, hm?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "N-No! No!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "You don't have to force yourself. You don't want to be raped by us, do you? You hate cocks, don't
you?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "N-No, I, I love! I love them! I love cocks!"
Yuna screams out, half-unaware of what she's saying.
As humiliating as the words they're making her say are, she's far more desperate to get back into the
men's good graces.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Don't toy with her, you guys."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Heheh, I ain't toying with her. Just checking how she really feels."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "You don't have to lie, you know? You don't sound honest at all. You actually hate them, don't you?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "N-No, that's not, true! I, I really, love cocks, I always, loved cocks!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "So you want us to put our cocks inside you again?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "P-Please, put them, inside me, please! Put your cocks, aah, your wonderful cocks, inside me again!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Inside where?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "In my pussy!!!"
Her enthusiasm is sincere at this point.
Her honest reply makes the men chuckle in satisfaction, but she keeps running her mouth without
pausing.
Ｙｕｎａ: "P-Put it inside me again, please! Put your cocks inside me, and... m-make me your pet again!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "What, just your pussy? Don't you wanna take it up your ass, too?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I-I do! Put your cocks, in my... butt... In my ass...!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Ya heard her, boys."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "What do we do?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "I mean, we had to kill one of our buddies over this."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Yeah, she's gonna have to be a little more serious... and a little more seductive in how she invites
us, you know? Gotta put us in the mood to stick our cocks in her."
Ｙｕｎａ: "P-Please, aah, put your, strong... hard cocks, i-in my, pussy..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Your mean your rotten Vampire slut whore pussy, right?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "In my rotten, Vampire, slut whore pussy, please!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Pfhaha! She actually said it!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "All right, how about you try saying this next?"
After that, the men start getting carried away.
The honest truth was that they were never angry at Yuna to begin with.
Vampires are only monsters to them.
The one man who got his blood sucked was just unlucky.
They hadn't made Yuna spit out such humiliating words to get revenge. They'd only done it for
pure, sadistic pleasure.
Ｙｕｎａ: "P-Please, stick your cocks inside Yuna's rotten Vampire slut whore pussy! Stir up my wet, slopping
hole with your cocks, and spill your cum inside me!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "And stick your cocks in my ass, too! Mess it up, stir it around, and feed me with your thick dick
milk until my belly's all full! I-I love your sweet, delicious dick milk!"
She tosses her vanity and pride to the winds, screaming out even as she's overcome with shame.
Firmly hanging onto the belief that doing as the men ask will spare her from further pain, she
shouts the words out for the men to hear.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm begging you, please! Dip your hot, hard cocks into my slutty, horny pussy, and pleasure
yourself with my juices! Churn up my pussy with your rock-hard dicks, and bestow your mercy on
my pig-slut pussy!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "And jam your cocks into my stinky shithole, too! Thrust into it, make me feel your cocks, pour lots
of cum inside there, too!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I love it! Erect cocks, giant cocks, I love them all, so let my wet slopping whore pussy and my
melted reeking shithole drink more of your cuuuuuuuuum!"
She can't stop the tears running down her cheeks.
She can no longer tell why she's crying at this point. Is it the pain from the sulfuric acid, or the
humiliation of what she's being forced to say and how pathetic it makes her feel?
At this point, however, there's no going back.
Having resolved to shout whatever satisfies these men, she raises her voice as loudly as she can.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I love cocks! I love cocks so much! I love cocks, so please, thrust them into my nympho slut whore
pussy! Love my horny, excited pussy with your rock-hard, giant cooooooocks!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Stick them into my filthy anus too, poke it with cocks, stir it with cocks, fill it up with cock juices,
turn me into your cock milk taaaaaaaaank!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaah, I'm getting so wet! My Vampire sow slut pussy, it wants cocks, it wants huge cocks! It's so
weeeet, it's, aaah, it's overflowing, my thirsty horny pussy's becoming a wet slut pussy!"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Well, now. What do we do?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Her pussy's fine, but after what we've done, sticking it into her butt will be a problem."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "But just doing her pussy's unfair, you know?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Yeah. And that's why..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "I say we make things even."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Huh...?"
His statement makes her expression turn blank.
Her body, which was burning with shame just moments ago, turns cold with terror immediately.
Right now, the tip of the enema is pushing against her vagina.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Huh...? What...?"
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Don't you get it? We can't let things stay unfair."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "The whole world's clamoring about gender equality, so your pussy and your ass have to be equal,
too."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Wh-What are you... saying...?"
She truly and honestly does not understand what the men are trying to say.
Why is this happening after she shouted all of these things?
She earnestly said everything they wanted her to say, but they aren't going to keep her as their pet?
Her attempt to ask them dies in her throat as she shivers too violently to even speak.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "All righty, let's do it, then."
Ｙｕｎａ: "W-W... Wait... P-Please...."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Forgi...ve... Aah, aaah... N-No... Not, that... Wh-Why...? I'll do... I'll do, anything..."
Tears roll down her cheeks.
Why is this happening to her? Even now, the question still bothers her.
The men have no mercy in their eyes.
Even though they're laughing, they truly intend to fill her pussy with sulfuric acid.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Seriously... We should have done this from the start..."
While another of the men seems exasperated, he makes no attempt to stop the act.
They're about to melt her vagina, and she can do nothing to avoid it. That realization causes her
consciousness to flicker.
Dread heavy enough to make her heart stop envelops her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Sh-Shizu... H-Help... me..."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "All right, time to pump it in."
Ｙｕｎａ: "UuuuuuuuuugaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
As soon as the acid begins flowing in, Yuna lets out the loudest scream she's ever made in her life.
Even the efforts of several men are barely enough to keep her body from bucking and spasming.
Her body manages to produce such force that the cork nestled tightly inside her rectum pops out,
unleashing the liquid contained in her intestines.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaaaaah, aaaaah...
AaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaah!"
Even as she screams out in agony, her eyes roll back into her skull.
Although she's completely fainted, her body still convulses uncontrollably.
Even after her voice fades to a croak, her body continues to shake.
Excrement mixed with acid drips to the floor as her body thrashes violently.
Only at length does her anus stop spewing as her spasms die down.
Her eyes remain rolled back, however. By losing consciousness, she has finally found reprieve from
the agony.
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "I think this'll do for today."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Yeah... For today."
Ｆａｃｉｌｉｔｙ　Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Heh, since we don't have to look after her anymore, I can't wait to see how we'll torture her
tomorrow."
The men are already planning what they'll do the next day.
They have absolutely no intention of killing Yuna.
Now that she has rebelled by sucking blood, they have no intention of granting her the peace of
death.
They intend to thoroughly and constantly torment Yuna until the day her body finally reaches its
limit and perishes.
Yuna, however, is oblivious.
She has no idea just how far away her death truly is...
Nor does she know that she has yet to live on, screaming in agony and pain the entire time...
It's precisely because she's a powerful Vampire that they will force her into a living hell, one that has
only just begun...
"Run! It's a monster!"
Suddenly, she hears voices echoing in the distance.
"...?"
"Stay back! Don't come near meeee!"
She can hear countless sets of footsteps running away.
They're screaming, and running from something... That's good.
"..."
While she's slightly interested in what's happening, she can't move from where she is.
Days upon days of endless rape have depleted her stamina and dulled her ability to think.
While it's clear that some kind of trouble is happening...
...Whatever it is, it has nothing to do with her. That thought is enough to tempt Yuna back into
closing her eyes.
"..."
She can hear the faint sound of footsteps.
They grow louder as they approach her.
She's familiar with it, though, from the facility's personnel, so she makes no effort to open her eyes.
It isn't until the very last moment that Yuna realizes that those footsteps are lighter than any of the
men's.
And that's why...
"Thank goodness... You're... You're alive..."
ーThe sound of that voice causes a burning warmth to spread through Yuna's body.
The voice that reaches her ears is one she thought she'd never hear again.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah..."
Her eyelids flutter open.
She looks in the direction of the voice.
And there she standsー
Shizuha: "Yuna... I.... I came for you..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's look for someplace to hide. Running away in a panic feels like a dangerous decision to make."
Shizuha: "But, where...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Well. Preferably somewhere with a human we can turn into a minion..."
Yuna is looking around as she speaks when suddenly, her eyes widen.
Her ears can barely pick up the sound of shout-like singing...
Ｙｕｎａ: "This feels nostalgic. It's been so long since the last time I came to a place like this."
Yuna smiles happily as they enter the club, the kind of place that stays open until the late hours of
the night.
It's been years since she set foot into this kind of establishment, but the atmosphere of the place
matches her expectations exactly.
Music blares loudly as a crowd of people moves their bodies in time with the beat.
Slipping away from the patrons, Yuna and Shizuha instead head for a corner of the room.
Shizuha: "This is where we're hiding, Yuna?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hiding is half of our objective here. The other half is creating more minions."
Shizuha: "You're going to suck blood from the people here?"
Yuna has already fed from the man at the front door.
While she'd ordered him not to make a ruckus, the Vampiric impulse should already be raging
inside him.
It won't be long before he can no longer bear it and succumbs to the agony, but hopefully the two
women should be done with their business before that happens.
Ｙｕｎａ: "We'll need at least four people. We need to increase our numbers."
Shizuha: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And besides, if we don't suck blood whenever we can, we won't be able to take action when we
have to."
Ｙｕｎａ: "If you find a human you like, lure him into the shadows and suck his blood."
Shizuha: "I, I..."
Shizuha murmurs in confusion and looks down at her feet.
If she were to suck the blood of many people, her strength as a Vampire would grow accordingly.
However, Shizuha is not interested in cultivating her power that way.
To her, the act of sucking blood is her way of reaffirming her bond with Yuna.
It holds no other meaning for her. In fact, it was Yuna who gave the act that meaning to begin
with.
She doesn't want to suck some stranger's blood, and if she's frank, she doesn't like the idea of Yuna
sucking other people's blood much either.
Ｙｕｎａ: "You really are stubborn about this. Do you even realize that you're a Vampire?"
Shizuha: "Well, I do... but..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "A Vampire that doesn't suck blood is just going to wither away. Without any minions, you'll just be
a pathetic creature awaiting extermination."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And you don't want that, do you?"
Shizuha: "N-No, I don't... but..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Enough, then. Just pick someone and suck their blood. We need as many minions as possible, and
you're going to help me do that."
Shizuha: "But..."
Unable to meet Yuna's gaze straight on, Shizuha averts her eyes.
She knows Yuna's decision to increase their number of minions is correct.
They need as many allies on their side as they can right now, or the two of them will have to fight
those Hunters alone.
That scenario could very well end in both their deaths.
Even with that in mind, though, Shizuha can't help but hesitate at the thought of sucking blood
from humans.
Shizuha: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah... You really are stubborn... Usually I'd find that cute, but this time the situation's very
different."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Increasing our numbers right now could very well decide if we live or die."
Shizuha: "I know that, but..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...And you're still refusing to do it, knowingly?"
Shizuha's attitude makes Yuna narrow her eyes.
She gives Shizuha a long, irritated glare.
They don't have the leisure to discuss this.
If Shizuha isn't going to cooperate, Yuna will simply have to create the minions they need on her
own.
With this in mind, Yuna continues staring down Shizuha.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I know now isn't the time for this... But I'm going to have to punish you a little."
Shizuha: "Eh?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hey, you there... Could you come here for a second?"
Clubgoer: "Huh? What do you want? They're getting to the best part..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Oh, come on. I like you. Let's have... a little fun together."
Clubgoer: "...A little fun, huh?"
The man Yuna called out to still looks a bit confused by the situation, but his lips quickly curl up
into a smile.
He already has an image in his head about what her invitation entails.
Yuna, Shizuha, and the man from the audience sneak into the club's backstage area.
And soon after...
Clubgoer: "Aaaah...?!"
The man exclaims in shock as Yuna bites down on him without a moment's hesitation.
She sucks down his blood rather violently, easily converting the man into her minion.
Ｙｕｎａ: "What's your name?"
Kotofuki: "K-Kotofuki..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm... All right, Kotofuki. I'll give you your first order."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I want you... to rape Shizuha."
Shizuha: "Wh-What...?!"
As Kotofuki grabs Shizuha from behind, Yuna begins to forcibly strip the other girl's clothes off.
Kotofuki's dark hands reach forward to grab Shizuha's bosom.
As he does so, he thrusts his erect penis into her ass.
Shizuha: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Kotofuki: "K-Kuh... S-So tight..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Wow. You like taking the backdoor, do you? Well, I don't care what you do so long as you satisfy
Shizuha."
Shizuha: "Yunaaaaaa...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Screaming like that isn't going to get you anywhere. You actually wanted to have dirty sex like this,
didn't you?"
Shizuha: "I-I... Nng, guh, even if I want blood... It has to be yours..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're adorable, but I do like seeing different facets of you every now and then."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I love the way you look when you sleep with another man... How you can't help but feel good
despite your anxiety."
Kotofuki: "U-Ugh...!"
Shizuha: "Aaaah?! Aah, haa, nnnnnn!"
Kotofuki thrusts his hips, beginning his assault on Shizuha.
The tip of his hard, swollen dick pokes into her intestines, sending jolts of pleasure through her
body.
Shizuha: "Haa, aaah, no, nn, aaah... It, it feels so hot...!"
Shizuha rejects this act.
However, her rejection doesn't stem from her lack of pleasure.
If anything, her body cries out in joy. Sweet moans escape her lips each time his penis grinds inside
her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "This is amazing. It can really spread that wide..."
Kotofuki
"Aaaah, she's getting so... tight... Aaaah...!
Ｙｕｎａ: "It feels great, doesn't it, Shizuha? It's a full moon out today."
Ｙｕｎａ: "But you'd feel so much better if you drink someone's blood. Your senses will get so much sharper,
and the pleasure will become that much stronger."
Shizuha: "P-Please... Aaaah, s-stop, this... Aah, aaaaah...! I-I won't... Won't be able to... resist this...!"
Tears build up in her eyes.
However, the rest of her expression is full of ecstasy. Hot, passionate breaths escape her lips.
Shizuha knows full well that Yuna speaks the truth.
On nights when the moon is full, a Vampire's impulse grows particularly strong.
Satisfying it means either drinking human blood or indulging in sexual pleasure.
However, because Shizuha loathes drinking human blood, her only choice is the latter option.
She could satisfy it by drinking Yuna's blood, but that assumes that Yuna would allow her to.
Shizuha: "Aaaahnn, no, not so, aaah, h-hard...!"
Kotofuki: "Tighten even harder... Aaaah...!"
Shizuha: "Aaaah, haaa, i-it feels... good...!"
Shizuha's carnal pleasure grows ever stronger.
Her anus becomes even more sensitive. Every powerful thrust he gives her makes her body shiver.
Heat builds up in her abdomen, filling her with a tantalizing sense of impatience.
It forces Shizuha to admit what she truly wants.
Shizuha: "More....!"
Kotofuki: "Huh?"
Shizuha: "Aaah, aaah, more, go deeper...! Aaaah, thrust deeper, to the back... Nnn, aaah, haaa, fuck me...!"
Kotofuki: "Y-Yeah!"
Hearing Shizuha's words makes Kotofuki break into a grin.
After all, he's a Vampire too, now, and thus feels the full moon's influence as keenly as she does.
If she demands more, then he has no choice but to oblige. He thrusts his hips with greater vigor.
Shizuha: "Aaaaah! I-It's getting, even stronger...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Good for you. You get to be pleasured so much."
Shizuha: "But, aaah, this is, ah, ah, so embarrassing...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "What would being so bashful when you're a Vampire achieve? Just be honest with yourself."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Accept this for what it is, and suck blood as your lust dictates... That's how Vampires grow
stronger."
Ｙｕｎａ: "That how I've lived, and I want you to be prepared to do the same."
Shizuha: "But... Aaaaa, aaah, haaa, no, mm, aaah, if you do, do this, aah, aah, I can't... Aaaah, I can't, th-
think of, anything!"
Kotofuki: "Aaaah, aaaaaaaaah!"
Kotofuki howls like an animal while manically swinging his hips.
He wrenches open Shizuha's anus, pounding his cock into her intestinal walls.
He, too, is experiencing far greater pleasure than he ever has before.
A Vampire's bodily senses are far sharper than those of a human's. Kotofuki's unfamiliarity with
them cause him to teeter on the brink of insanity.
His mouth falls open every now and then, causing his fangs to visibly glint behind his lips. He can't
help but stare at Shizuha's neck with a predatory look.
Ｙｕｎａ: "You can't suck Shizuha's blood. I forbid it."
Kotofuki: "Ugh, aaah..."
Kotofuki lets out an agonized moan.
While having sex with Shizuha helps alleviate his lust to some extent, his Vampiric impulse is still
quite severe.
Having a neck literally right before him, but being forbidden from biting into it, only serves to
heighten his thirst for blood.
Shizuha: "Uuu, ah, aaaah?! Aaaaaaah?!"
Shizuha's moans grow louder.
Her voice rises in pitch, making it clear her pleasure is growing stronger.
Kotofuki's dick ravages her ass at a savage pace, producing wet sounds with every thrust.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hmm... Looks like you're enjoying it even more."
Shizuha: "Because, this, ah, aaah, feels good...! His dick's, aah, going back and forth, aaah, and my body's,
tingling, nnng!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "This is technically supposed to be punishment..."
Yuna frowns in displeasure.
She apparently expected Shizuha to beg for mercy for a bit longer, maybe even begging Yuna for
help.
Contrary to her expectations, however, Shizuha happily drowns in pleasure, with her lips curled into
a lusty smile.
Ｙｕｎａ: "...This was a mistake on my end, I suppose."
Satiating herself with sex only serves to further push out the idea of sucking blood from humans
from Shizuha's mind.
Yuna has tried all sorts of methods to encourage Shizuha to embrace her Vampiric nature, but
nothing seems to be working.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Yuna falls silent as she watches Shizuha moan and groan with pleasure.
Letting this continue any longer is meaningless.
Even worse, it's only serving to curb Shizuha's Vampiric impulse, contrary to Yuna's goal to begin
with.
As she watches Shizuha moan uncontrollably from Kotofuki's thrusts from behind, Yuna ponders
what they should do next.
Ｙｕｎａ: "For starters, we need to increase the number of scapegoats we have."
If they don't suck blood from as many humans as they can to convert them into their minions, then
they'd have come to this club for naught.
But given the situation, Shizuha won't willingly suck blood from the people here.
Maybe if she's distracted by even rougher sex, she might instinctively bite into a human's neck...?
Yuna doesn't think the probability of that happening is particularly high, but it's the only option she
can think of.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Fine, do whatever you want."
After concluding that all she's doing is annoying herself by worrying about it any longer, she looks
away from the fornicating duo.
If she can't expect Shizuha to help, she'll need to resolve this on her own.
Thankfully, with how many people are present, creating more minions shouldn't be hard.
Shizuha: "Aaaah, haaaaa! Hiyaaaaa! M-My butt, aaah, mm, harder... Go harder...!"
Shizuha, completely oblivious to Yuna's irritation, only craves further pleasure.
Her hands shove themselves between her legs, parting the petals of her pussy.
Shizuha: "O-Over here, I want it here, do me here too! Aaaah! Someone, aaah, aaah, put it in, mm, haa, a
dick, mmm, stick a dick in my pussy!!!"
Shizuha: "Yunaaa, aaah, please, I'm begging you, ah, aaah, put it in, ah, a dick, mm, I want a dick in my
pussy!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "You know I don't have one of those."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...This place is crawling with men that can help you out with that, though."
Yuna takes a peek toward the club's audience.
Obviously, if she were to simply pounce someone, it would create a panic.
She'll have to lure people one by one to this backstage area and suck their blood here.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I remember seeing a few burly men walking around... and a guy with a very toned body. Men like
that are useful."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Fat men might also make good meat shields, though..."
She smirks viciously.
It doesn't take long for her to identify two good targets. Soon enough, she brings two newly turned
minions backstage.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Now, time for your first task. Satisfy this girl."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You... You're name's Takeshita, right? Ravish Shizuha's pussy."
Takeshita: "Ahaha, for real? You're letting me do that?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Koizumi, you do her mouth."
Koizumi: "A-All right!"
Shizuha: "Nnnngmmm?!"
The two thrust their penise into Shizuha's mouth and pussy.
Because they've only just become Vampires, their impulses are out of control, and thus they handle
Shizuha roughly.
Shizuha: "Bfah!? Nn, mhaaa!"
Koizumi: "Aaah... Her mouth's so... warm..."
Takeshita: "Hey, your pussy's totally wet already."
Takeshita cackles vulgarly.
With his lust running rampant, he doesn't hold back from raping Shizuha even though he's only just
met her.
Koizumi: "Haaa... Ah, aaaah... Aaaaah...!"
While he's not as savage as Takeshita, Koizumi similarly obeys nothing but the desire surging within
him.
Of course, Yuna has ordered him to do just that, but even so, he doesn't hesitate at all to ravage
Shizuha's mouth.
His rod is so erect it's nearly painful for him. He jabs his tip fiercely into her mouth, as if trying to
pierce through her head.
Muffled sounds escape her lips.
Koizumi's cock, which reaches as far back as the opening to her throat, makes it feel as though
she's suffocating.
However, she doesn't despise that sensation at all.
Every time his cock momentarily pulls back out of her mouth, the feeling of freedom buzzes
pleasantly through her body.
Takeshita: "Ahaha, holy fuck, I can't believe how tight she is."
Kotofuki: "Same here... Aaaah, the way her butt tightens down on me's fucking incredible..."
Takeshita: "Man, is this what being a Vampire feels like?"
Shizuha's body is jolted by the men's ministrations.
Each of the three moves at his own pace, making her limbs twitch and thrash like some kind of
broken toy.
Shizuha: "Nnnnng, ah, aaaah, hot... Mhaa, ugh, bha, schlrp! Oooh, hii, nnn, ugh... Mmmmmg!?"
Her body is soaked in ecstasy and joy.
No matter how violently she's treated, her body feels nothing but intense pleasure.
Having the inner folds of her vagina rubbed makes her feel so good that pleasant numbness shoots
through her body.
She matches every thrust inside her by coiling her folds against the cock stimulating them. It makes
Takeshita's own abdomen jolt with pleasure.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haah... So this is how things are going to go again..."
Yuna sighs as she watches Shizuha writhe under the men.
This isn't the first time something like this has happened.
She has tried before to awaken Shizuha's Vampiric instincts by having men ravish her, but the result
is always the same.
Shizuha never chooses to drink human blood, wasting all of Yuna's effort.
She had hoped that maybe this time would be the one... but it concluded the same way as always.
Shizuha only derives joy and pleasure from the act of being defiled.
Shizuha: "Nnng, schlrp, sluuuurp... Mmmm!"
Koizumi: "Aaaah, the hell...?!"
Shizuha: "Mmmmmmhaa, does, this, nhaa, feel good? When I, schlurp, suck on your, dick like this, ah, aaah,
does it feel good? Nnn, aaaah...!"
Koizumi: "I-It's good... Aaah, it feels good..."
Shizuha: "Then, schlurp, mmm, haa, I'll keep doing this..."
Koizumi: "Yeah...!"
Shizuha starts bobbing her head back and forth on her own, making Koizumi cry out in pleasure.
Each time the head of his penis rubs against her lips, he's overcome by a lightning bolt of pleasure.
Not only that, but her tongue teases at his glans as well, making his hips jerk time and time again.
Koizumi: "F-Fuck, this is amazing.... Aaaah, this is out of this world!"
Takeshita: "She's only getting tighter down here too!"
Takeshita: "Hey, does it really feel that good? Do you like being plowed by my cock this much?"
Shizuha: "Nnng, aaaah, I love it, muha, love iiiit!"
Shizuha: "When your dick, nng, your cock, aaah, mmm, pokes me, I love it, aaaah, it feels good, I love iiiiit!"
Shizuha: "Big cocks, aah, mmm, big cocks just, nnng, feel better, nhaaa, I like big cocks best!"
She lets out a shrill scream as she drowns in pleasure.
The men's carnal pleasure reaches new heights as they pillage both her vagina and rectum.
As long as they are feeling good, nothing else matters.
Shizuha basks in the sensations of sex, forgetting even the presence of the Hunters in Chisakura.
Shizuha: "Muhaaaaa, I love this, hiii, nnnng, so gooood...!"
Kotofuki: "Kuh, your butt's amazing too... How much tighter can you get?!"
Takeshita: "You look so docile, but you're actually a horny slut, huh?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Takeshita: "All right then! Let's go even harder!"
Kotofuki: "Down here too! I'll fill your asshole up!"
Koizumi: "Y-Yeaaaaah...!"
The men swing their hips wildly.
Lost in the pleasure her body grants them, they plant their cocks deep inside her body.
Wet noises ring out from each of her three holes, mixing into the sounds of the music blaring from
the stage.
Shizuha drools as she desperately sucks the penis in her mouth, an expression of slovenly glee on
her face.
Shizuha: "Nn, haaaaa, moooore, ah, schlurp, more, harder, nnng... Go harder, mm, schlurp, sluuuuuuuurp!"
Koizumi: "Aaah, aaaaah, fuck, I'm at my limit...!"
Koizumi is the first to give in.
His penis is so hard that his glans has turned a deep shade of red.
The huge amount of Shizuha's saliva that slicks his member smooths the thrusting of his hips,
contributing to his heightened excitement.
Koizumi: "I'm gonna cum... ugh... already... i-in your mouth...!"
Shizuha: "Mmmm, do it, s-schluuurp, give me, nng, your cock's, hot cum, mm, mhaaa, please, nnn, nnng, let
me drink your, cock milk, mm, nnnnng!"
Koizumi: "Ah...!"
The moment Shizuha tightens her hips, Koizumi's hips jerk forward.
He can no longer hold his ejaculation back.
He knows this instinctively.
His only question is whether or not he should cum right there in her mouth, but since Shizuha
seems to want it so bad, he has no reason to pull out.
Koizumi: "Aaaah, aaah, aaaah... G-Gonna cum, cumming...!"
Shizuha: "Mmmmmmmm...?!"
Koizumi: "Ugh, kuh, aaaaah...!"
Koizumi shoots his load inside her mouth.
A large amount of white, viscous semen spills forth, leaking out from between her lips.
Shizuha: "Khaa! Mm, ooh... Nng, oh, aaah...!"
Koizumi: "Ugh, aaah, kuh...!"
His hips spasm while he ejaculates.
Until his very last drop is drained, he can't stop himself from doing so.
Shizuha: "Mm, guh... Nnn.. Gulp...!"
Savoring the bitterness on her tongue, she gulps down the semen in her mouth.
Shizuha: "Gulp... Gulp... Gulp... Gulp... Gulp..."
Shizuha
(Aaaah... This... tastes so good...!)
The sensation of the thick fluid flowing down her throat is incomparable to anything else.
Heat courses through her body as the sensation of a man soiling her with his essence overcomes
her.
Shizuha: "Nhaa... Aaah...!"
Only then does Koizumi finally pull his hips away, freeing her mouth.
He breathes deep and hard as he collapses, falling into a sitting position a step away.
Koizumi: "Fuck... I'm out. That felt too good."
Kotofuki: "Same here... I'm almost finished."
Takeshita: "Me too, I'm gonna... soak every last bit of you with my cum!"
Shizuha: "Aaaaah?! Y-You're... pushing up... Nnnnnng!"
Takeshita and Kotofuki thrust their cocks at a fervent pace.
They stretch open her pussy and anus, causing waves of pleasure to wash over her.
Shizuha: "Th-There! Aaaaah, m-my belly... Aaah, haaa, ugh... Aaaah, amazing, aaah, it feels... amazing...!"
Her voice climbs in pitch once again.
The blush on her cheeks deepens. Every now and then, her tongue lolls out into the air as she
gasps passionately.
Although her lips are dripping with a mixture of semen and saliva, she makes no attempt to wipe it
away.
Takeshita: "Kuh, this chick's... for real... Aaaah, it's like she's squeezing me dry... Fuuuuck!"
Kotofuki: "I... I can't keep this up for much longer... Uuuu..."
Shizuha: "N-Not yet, aaaah... More, nn, moooore, plow me moooore...!"
Shizuha: "My pussy, and, aaah, my ass, ah, aaah, rub them, aah, aaaaah, more...!"
Shizuha: "S-Satisfy me, more, aaah, with your, aah, aaah, hot, hard, diiiiiicks!"
Letting out a lustful, coquettish cry, Shizuha clamps down on the two cocks nestled within her.
Transparent body fluids seep out from the men's members, producing lewd squelching sounds.
Each time the men move in and out of her, her body jolts as if jabbed by a live wire.
Her mind flashes white each time, her head tossing and making her long hair sway gently through
the air.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha... Isn't it about time you suck someone's blood? I'm sure you'll feel even better."
Shizuha: "Aaah, aaaaah, blood, aaaah, I want, aaah, haaa, your blood, ugh, I want your blood, Yunaaaaaa...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I keep telling you, doing that is pointless..."
Yuna sighs and shakes her head in displeasure.
While it certainly makes her happy on some level that Shizuha longs for her like this, right now isn't
a situation where Shizuha can be allowed to insist on this.
With the Hunters closing in on them, they both need as many minions as they can, and to heighten
their Vampiric powers.
Kotofuki: "Ah, aaah, fuck, no good... Uuu, I'm gonna...!"
Kotofuki is apparently the next to cum.
While thrusting his cock into Shizuha's ass, he uses his big hands to roughly rub and fondle her
breasts.
Shizuha: "Aaaaah?! Th-That's...!"
Kotofuki: "Like this? You like this?"
Shizuha: "Ah, ah, aaaah, that's, aaah, your hands, aaaah, they're touching my, hiii, my nipples, aaah, nnng,
haa, it feels... good... I love it...!"
Takeshita: "Aaaah, her pussy's squeezing again...!"
Feeling her inner folds clamp down on his cock, Takeshita smiles faintly.
He too enters the homestretch, pounding Shizuha's pussy faster and harder than before.
Takeshita: "That's what you like, right?! You want my cock, don'tcha?!"
Shizuha: "I want iiiit! Aaaah, this dick, aaah, aaaah, mmm, fuck me lots, aaah, but, I want you to get, aaah,
bigger, like the one in my asssss!"
Takeshita: "Huuuh?! This isn't good enough for you?!"
Kotofuki: "K-Kuh, guess my dick's just better!"
Shizuha: "Aaaah, th-the one in my, ass is, aaah, aaah, bigger! Aaaah, it's so big, it's amaziiiing!"
Kotofuki: "Then I'll give you more! My cock's gonna drill into your asshole!"
Shizuha: "Hiiiiiya?! D-Drill me! Use your, h-huge cock, aaah, to, ah, ah, mm, mess up my ass, h-hiii, drill
me!"
Takeshita: "Fuck! Size isn't the only thing that counts!"
Takeshita: "C'mon, my cock's gonna pound your pussy! Just you watch!"
Kotofuki and Takeshita start moving their cocks as if competing with one another.
Together, they stimulate Shizuha's sensitive spots, heightening her horny lust.
Shizuha: "Haaa, aaah, amazing...! Aaah, the cock in my, pussy, and the one in my... butt, are rubbing, nng,
scraping against each other...!"
Shizuha: "Th-The big cock, and the, aaah, other dick, mmmmm, filling me up, poking up, aah, aaah,
haaaa...!"
The two dicks continue their assault inside Shizuha.
They thrust so fast and furiously that Shizuha can no longer tell which of the two is better.
Her pussy and ass are incredibly hot. Each time the cocks grind into her body, she shivers
uncontrollably.
Those tremors running through her make her holes squeeze down, driving Kotofuki and Takeshita
toward climax.
Kotofuki: "Aaaah, let's fucking go, I'm gonna fill your ass with cum!"
Takeshita: "Yeah, same here! Your mouth down here's gonna have plenty to drink!"
The sound of flesh striking flesh crescendos.
Her body shakes and shivers as her sweat splashes against the floor.
Kotofuki's fondling of her breasts has made her nipples fully erect. She lets out nasal moans with
every stroke of his palms.
Kotofuki: "Kuh, aaah, gonna cum! Aaaaaah!"
Takeshita: "Keep it up and... squeeze it all out...! Kuuuuuh, cumming!"
Shizuha: "Aaaaaah, mmm, aaaah, haa, haaa, it feels, good! Mmm, haaa, my pussy, my ass, aah, aaah, it's so
hot, it tingles, aaah, aaaaaah!"
Shizuha: "Two cocks, aaaah, squeezing, inside me, aaah, I, I can't, I'm, aaah, aaaah, gonna, cum too, gonna
cum!"
Shizuha: "My pussy's, cumming, aaaah, my pussy's cumming! Aaaaaah! Two, big dicks, squeezing, aaah, aaah,
cumming, cumming, aaaaaah! Cumming, cumming...!"
Shizuha: "Cummiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing!"
Shizuha lets out a high-pitched scream.
As her voice cries out, she simultaneously climaxes.
Her pussy and rectum squeeze as hard as they possibly can, sucking the semen out of the two dicks
inside her.
Her vagina overflows with love juices, drenching Takeshita's penis.
Shizuha: "Mmmmmmm, aaah, haaa, kuh, aaah, aaaah...! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah...!"
Takeshita: "Kuh, holy fuck... Is this... for real...?!"
Kotofuki: "She's... literally sucking me up...!"
It's almost as though their dicks are being sucked like straws.
They're reduced to shivering in place, not so much thrusting into her as simply twitching from the
raw force of the stimulation.
Shizuha: "Haaa, aaaah, aah... Mm, haa... Aaaaaah...!"
Shizuha: "That was... amaziiiiing..."
Shizuha's slovenly expression manages to arrange itself into a smirk.
Her chest heaves as she releases hot moans into the air, fluids leaking out of her lower holes.
Satisfaction suffuses her body from the crown of her head down to the tips of her toes.
The pleasure is not unlike that of a Vampire satiated after sucking a great deal of human blood.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Looks like you're satisfied for now."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Though I'd have liked for you to suck their blood next..."
Yuna sighs and hangs her head in displeasure.
Half of her discontent stems from the fact that Shizuha still refuses to suck human blood.
The other half, however, is anger at how Shizuha can be so satisfied by having sex with men.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Maybe I'd be able to make you look like that if I were a man."
Looking away from the fluids dripping out of Shizuha's holes, Yuna suppresses the budding envy in
her heart...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm...?"
Just as Shizuha's indulgence comes to an end, Yuna notices something seems off.
Ｙｕｎａ: "This stench..."
Her nostrils are full of an odd scent...
It's a nasty stench, reminiscent of decay.
Her eyes widen in surprise as she realizes a feeling of numbness is spreading through her body.
Moans of agony throughout the club reach her ears.
Ｙｕｎａ: "This is poison...?!"
Some kind of invisible gas is filling the room.
It's obvious that this is a Hunter attack.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha!"
Shizuha: "Aaah, haaaa!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hurry up! We're under attack!"
Shizuha: "Moooore, aaah, mooooore...!"
Kotofuki: "Aah, oooh...!"
Takeshita: "More... Aaah....!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "How long are you gonna keep this up?! Get off of her already!"
Kotofuki: "Aaaaah?!"
Takeshita: "Ugggh?!"
Yuna swings out both her arms, chopping straight into the groins of Takeshita and Kotobuki.
The two of them let out piercing screams as blood spurts from their mutilated penises. The shock
causes them to let go of Shizuha.
Shizuha: "Aaah... Haaa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, snap out of it already!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Kuh, this is coming back to bite me, isn't it...?"
She hurriedly fixes Shizuha's clothing for her and scoops her up in her arms, intending to flee the
club.
However, as she steps out of the backstage area, she's greeted by the sight of the club's patrons
doubled over in agony, and...
Ｙｕｎａ: "...!"
Standing in the center of the crowd of writhing, agonized guests is an unusual creature.
It has a short, corpulent body.
While its head is covered in a cloth bag, it wears absolutely nothing else.
Yuna instinctively realizes that this creature isn't human.
Gretel: "There you are, Vampires. You're going to have to die here, in the name of Lady Yuika."
Ｙｕｎａ: "That's... a biological weapon created by the Hunter Association...?!"
The Hunters have modified themselves in many ways in order to oppose the Vampires effectively.
Yuna has heard stories of these kinds of creatures, but this is the first time she sees one in the flesh.
Upon closer inspection, she can see that green gas is seeping out of its body.
There can be no doubting that this creatureーGretelーis the reason this tragedy has struck the club.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Cough, cough... Fighting this thing indoors is a bad idea...!"
Yuna looks around for a way out, but there isn't an window large enough in reach for a person to
pass through.
She has to get to the exit if they're to survive.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, let's go!"
Shizuha: "Ah...!"
After expending so much energy during sex mere moments ago, Shizuha is still unsteady on her
legs.
Unable to keep up with Yuna, she keeps stumbling and falling to her knees.
Gretel: "You're not getting away from me!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa, haaa, haa, haaa...!"
Having made it out of the club, Yuna takes a few breaths of fresh air.
Turning around, she catches sight of Gretel heading out of the club after her.
Shizuha: "Ugh, aaaah..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, come to your senses already!"
Shizuha has collapsed, becoming completely immobile.
Escaping with her like this is effectively impossible.
Yuna will be forced to carry her if she can't move by herself, but that'll slow her down, and with the
Hunters already hot on their trail, it's unlikely she'll be able to escape them.
Ｙｕｎａ: "All that's left is... to fight my way out of this..."
As she glares at Gretel, Yuna extends her nails into claws.
This is a Vampire's primary method of attack.
Their slender appearance belies the power they contain. They're sharp enough to slice straight
through concrete.
Ｙｕｎａ
(My body feels numb... Is the toxin still affecting me?)
While taking stock of her body's debilitated state, she steps out in front of Shizuha to defend her
from Gretel.
She knows she has to fight, but she still doesn't want to remain here for long.
She doesn't know how powerful her opponent might be, but cutting his head off at the neck in a
single blow would be ideal.
Shizuha: "Y-Yuna..."
Shizuha grabs at Yuna's clothes.
Her touch makes Yuna turn to face her without meaning to. Shizuha gives her master an oddly clear
smile.
Shizuha: "Thank you for... everything..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Huh? What are you saying?"
Shizuha: "You've done enough... So now, you can..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Wait. What are you trying to say?"
Shizuha: "I want you toー"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Stop it!"
Shizuha: "Run."
Yuna's heart skips a beat upon hearing that word.
Her blood runs cold, but she hurriedly sprints away.
ーShe has to run.
There's no way for both of them to escape alive. Yuna realizes this.
But if just one of them can get away with her life, then they must make that most optimal choice.
Yuna turns away and flees, leaving Shizuha behind with Gretel. She doesn't look back.
Gretel: "Hmm. She discarded her minion rather easily, didn't she?"
Shizuha: "..."
Gretel: "You advised your mistress to save herself by discarding you. I applaud your loyalty."
Gretel speaks earnestly as he gazes at Yuna's retreating figure.
His words are not meant to taunt Shizuha. His admiration is sincere.
Gretel: "Well, no matter. Lady Yuika awaits on the bridge."
Gretel: "More important, however, is the question of how I'm going to handle you."
Shizuha: "..."
Gretel: "You're not running, are you? This is your idea of gallant resignation, mm?"
Gretel looms over Shizuha, who's seated upon the ground.
The leather bag over his head makes it impossible to see his expression, but one look at the rest of
him makes it clear that he's no ordinary human.
Shizuha: "Hii...!"
Gretel: "Now then, while Vampires are to be exterminated... It seems capturing you will be easy enough."
A Hunter's duty is to exterminate any and all Vampires.
However, when possible, they are instructed to prioritize capturing them alive instead.
There are still many things mankind doesn't know about Vampires, so capturing them alive is
important.
Alice: "We were just late to the party, eh?"
Two other biological weapons like Gretelー Alice and Rapunzelーarrive at the club not long after.
Realizing the situation, the two scoff in satisfaction.
Rapunzel: "Aw, really? It's over already?"
Gretel: "One of them got away, but she's probably heading for the bridge."
Gretel: "Lady Yuika is there, so I doubt there will be any problems."
Alice: "So you're saying if I go to the bridge, I get to fight the other Vampire?"
Gretel: "Assuming she's still alive by the time you get there..."
Rapunzel: "Tch. This game's been a real dud..."
Alice: "This one's not going to fight us?"
Gretel: "No, it doesn't look like she's going to resist."
Rapunzel: "Pfft. Boring."
Rapunzel: "But... She should make for good raw material."
Rapunzel licks his lips at the sight of Shizuha's body.
His hunger comes not from a desire to slay her, though. What he wants to do is sadistically rape
the woman before him.
Alice: "This stench... She dallied with men while we were in pursuit of them?"
Rapunzel: "Heheh, what an idiot. How complacent can you be?"
Alice: "She's a Vampire who gave in to lust. Pitiful, really."
Rapunzel: "If I won't get there in time to kill the other Vampire, I suppose we could have some fun with this
one."
Gretel: "That'd be breaking the Association's orders, though."
Rapunzel: "Fine, then you can just stand and watch. Been a long while since I got to do something like this.
No one's gonna punish me for having a bit of fun, eh?"
Alice: "You never change..."
Despite his words, though, Alice, too, feels a black impulse surge within him.
It is in his nature to respect the strong, but the corollary of that is that he also shows absolutely no
mercy for the weak.
On top of that, Shizuha is a Vampire, so he harbors a particular hatred for her.
Rapunzel: "C'mon, Alice, give her a little jolt. It'll be killing two birds with one stone."
Alice: "...Fine. I'll teach this Vampire that weak are to be punished."
Rapunzel: "Then it's decided."
Gretel: "Oh, good grief. Well, if that's what you're doing, I suppose I have no choice but to join in, as
well."
Gretel: "She'll probably end up getting treated similarly enough if we send her to the Association, anyway."
Shizuha: "Nnnnnnnnnnnnng?!"
Alice's penis and Rapunzel's tentacle invade Shizuha's pussy and anus.
Shizuha: "Hii, nnng... Aaaaah?!"
Shizuha screams as she's overcome with violent pain.
Alice's penis is exceedingly and supernaturally large, so large that it tears Shizuha's anus merely upon
insertion.
Shizuha: "I-It hurts... It hurts, hurts, it huuuuuurts!"
They've moved to the club's warehouse.
After dragging Shizuha to this filthy place, they've begun manhandling her like a toy.
Shizuha: "Hiii.... G-Guh... Aaaah, ugh, aaah, h-hurds.... Aaaaaaaaah!"
Alice: "Relax a little. It'll hurt less that way."
Rapunzel: "As if it'll ever stop hurting, when you're shoving that fat thing inside her."
Rapunzel: "Not that I really mind, though. It makes this hole squeeze even tighter."
Assaulted by the three of them, Shizuha couldn't fight them off as they tore away her clothes.
Her limbs have been pinned down in a position where her legs are spread wide apart, allowing the
cock and tentacle to jam into her body.
Rapunzel: "Yes, that's it. That's the face. That's what I want to see."
Alice: "Just relax. The more you resist, the worse it'll feel."
Shizuha: "Hiii, uggggh...!"
Shizuha's voice leaks from her throat as her expression stiffens in agony.
She's managed to avoid the eyes of both humanity and the Association until now. This is the first
time she's ever been at another's mercy like this.
Though her body cringes in fear, she's completely incapable of moving.
Shizuha: "H-Help, me..."
She begs with her eyes full of tears.
Gretel: "You really have no luck, do you? Having to deal with all three of us at once..."
Gretel: "Despite what he said earlier... Alice isn't going to let you die easily."
Shizuha: "Nnngh, aaah... Hiii?!"
A long penis extends from Gretel's crotch, approaching Shizuha's face.
It coils around her neck, letting Shizuha feel the warm, unpleasant sensation of it against her skin.
Shizuha: "Aaah, guuuh... Ugh...!"
Her body shivers and thrashes.
At this point she can't even imagine what they're going to do to her, but she goes pale nonetheless.
Rapunzel: "She's seriously terrified. You'd think a Vamp would put up more of a fight, y'know?"
Gretel: "A meek Vampire is unusual, that's for sure. But what, does it turn you on more when they resist?"
Rapunzel: "Nah. If anything, I like the part where after they resist, they cry and beg for mercy."
Gretel: "Nasty stuff."
Rapunzel: "Sticks and stones, bro. Anyway, there's a way of treating chicks like her."
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
The tentacle inside her vagina begins punching against her insides.
To be specific, it's simply ramming itself vigorously against her insides, but to Shizuha, it feels like
she's being beaten.
Rapunzel: "Come on, come on, say something!"
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
A hoarse howl leaves her lips.
Having her womb directly impacted causes her whole body to buck.
Shizuha: "Ugh... Gaah, aaaaggh!"
Alice: "I'd love to start moving already, but you're gonna need to loosen up a bit."
Shizuha: "Aaaagh... Aah, aah..."
Alice: "Hmph!"
Shizuha: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! I-It huuuuurts!"
All her anus can feel is pure pain.
Alice's penis tears her rectum wider by the moment, tormenting her.
Shizuha: "Aaaagh, aaah, i-it huuurts, hii, gaaaaah, hiii....!"
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
The two different types of agony blend together and fill her entire body.
However, with her limbs constricted like this, she has no opportunity to flee.
Her face wet with tears, Shizuha can only pray this act ends as quickly as possible.
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaah! U-Ugggh... Kgah, kgah....!"
Alice: "Hmph... Nngh..!"
Shizuha: "Aaaaagh, ugh, uuuugh... Ah, aah, aaah!"
Shizuha: "S-Stoooop, ah, p-pleaseeee, hi, gaaah, aaah, it's gonna teaaaar, ugh, gaaah, pleaaaaase, hi,
gyaaaaah...!"
Alice: "Oh, you don't have to worry about that. It's already torn."
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, ain't that great? You've got a nice, wet grip on Alice's cock."
Shizuha: "Ugh, aaah.... Haaaah, i-it huuuurts... Guh, aaah, aaaaaaah...!"
Gretel: "You're so violent. At times like these, you gotta be a little more delicate..."
Gretel: "Now go on, open your mouth..."
Shizuha: "Haa, aaaah... Huh?"
Gretel: "I'm telling you to open your mouth."
Shizuha: "Wh-Why... Unggggh?!"
Gretel: "Isn't it obvious? So you can service my genitals too."
Gretel: "Even a filthy, tainted Vampire like you can understand that much, yes?"
Shizuha: "Service...? Nnnnnng!"
With a penis and a tentacle tormenting her lower half, Shizuha can only tilt her head in confusion at
Gretel.
She isn't playing coy or pretending to not understand. She truly and honestly cannot understand
what Gretel means.
Even with Gretel's penis hanging before her eyes, she can't fathom what he wants her to do with it.
Gretel: "Now stop arguing and open your mouth. Or do you want me to force it open?"
Shizuha: "Hii, aaah... Aaaaaaaah...!"
Terrified by his menacing attitude, she opens her mouth in a strained scream.
And the next moment...
Shizuha: "Mmmmmggggf...?!"
He shoves his penis into her mouth.
Shizuha: "Bfaaah?! U-Ugh, nnn, mgah, ugh...!"
Gretel: "Yes, very good. This warmth is splendid..."
Shizuha: "Aaaah, ugh, aaah, hiii, aaah...?!"
His dick is by no means thick, but it is unnaturally long.
It extends like it's a separate living creature, writhing inside Shizuha's mouth.
Shizuha: "Gaaah, ugh... Faaah...?!"
Gretel: "Now, use your breasts to service me. I slid across your cleavage on purpose."
Shizuha: "Aaaah, ugh, aaaaah...!"
As he said, his penis is indeed nestled within her cleavage.
By now, his intent is easy enough to understand.
Shizuha: "Aaaah, ugh, guuuh, aaah... Aaah, haaa...!"
Shizuha brings both arms to her chest and pushes her bosom together.
Her breasts cover his penis, softly stimulating his sensitive flesh.
Gretel: "Aaaah, yes, like that. That's good."
Rapunzel: "And we'll shake her body up. A killer combo."
Shizuha: "Gaaaah?!"
The tentacle starts poking the insides of her vagina even more strongly now.
There is nothing at all pleasurable about its passage. Shizuha's only reaction is to let pained groans
escape her.
Alice: "Hmph!"
Shizuha: "Aaaaaaaaaagh?! Nnn, gaaah, ah, gaaaah, kuh! Agh, ah, aaah, aaaaaaaaah....!"
Alice also begins thrusting in earnest.
His rigid erection grinds fiercely against her intestinal walls, filling Shizuha's body with horrifying
pain.
She reflexively rocks back and forth as a result, and that movement rubs her breasts against Gretel's
cock in turn.
Gretel: "Aaah, yes, perfect. This softness... Simply praiseworthy."
Alice: "Do you like it this fast?"
Gretel: "You could go a little faster. Alice, do you mind?"
Alice: "I might break her if I go too hard, but... Oh, well."
Shizuha
(I-It hurts... M-My butt, it's tearing... Aaah, it hurts, but... Aaaah, if they go any stronger... If they
get any rougher, I'll break...)
Shizuha
(Why...? Why is this... happening to me? I... I tried to live without sucking... human blood...)
Shizuha
(I hated it... Everyone was willing to suck blood, but... But if I turned others to Vampires... Some
people would grieve, so... So I always lived while restraining myself...)
Alice: "Hmph. She's not as tight now."
Rapunzel: "Aw, c'mon, she didn't pass out on us already, did she?"
Rapunzel complains, disappointed by the way Shizuha is reacting.
He continues punching his tentacle against her womb, but he's not getting the reaction he desired.
Rapunzel: "You can be louder than that, can't you, big bad Vampire?!"
Gretel: "And you're going to need to suck a bit more earnestly on me too."
Gretel: "And if you can't manage that..."
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Gretel's penis, which is coiled around Shizuha's neck, tightens up and constricts her windpipe.
The pressure causes her to begin to suffocate.
Gretel: "Can you hear me now? You don't have the time to fall asleep on us here."
Shizuha: "Aaah, gaaah..."
Gretel: "If you understand what I'm saying, nod."
Shizuha: "Aaah... Aaah..."
She nods desperately.
She still doesn't quite understand what they want from of her, but she does realize that she won't be
finding any escape in unconsciousness.
Gretel: "Then begin."
Shizuha: "Nnn, faah, schlurp... Schluuuurp, mm, mm, mm..."
Shizuha: "L-Like... Like this?"
Gretel: "You're pretty bad at this, but... Very well. Continue."
Shizuha: "Schlurp, nnn, mhaaa... Ugh, it's bitter... Aaaah..."
The bitter taste spreading through her mouth causes her to frown.
She moans again and again in the depths of her throat, but she can't afford to spit his penis out.
All she can do is close her eyes and suck on Gretel's penis.
Gretel: "Heheh. That's a good girl."
Rapunzel: "Now then, as a reward, let's make this a little more rough, shall we...?"
Gretel: "Wait. If you two start going at it, that will only ruin her servicing again."
Alice: "You're telling us to hold back until you're satisfied?"
Gretel: "What's important is the rhythm. If we maintain the right rhythm, the four of us can move as one..."
Alice: "No."
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Alice announces his refusal of Gretel's terms while ramming his erection further inside Shizuha.
Shizuha: "Gaaaah, aaah, ugh... Gaaaah...!"
The impact pierces through her body.
It isn't over with just one stroke, though. Alice begins to ram her insides repeatedly.
Alice: "Hnng...! Hnng...!"
Shizuha: "Uuugh! Aaah, aah! Gaaah! Ugh, gaaaah!"
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, I'm gonna rock you like a hurricane too!"
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaah?!"
A pain unlike anything she's ever experienced before runs through Shizuha's body.
The way Rapunzel thrusts his tentacle inside her is clearly different than from before.
Shizuha: "Wh-What are you...?! Aaaag, gaah, aah... Gaaaaaah!"
Rapunzel: "Can you tell? You can't tell, huh?!"
Rapunzel: "Right now, I'm wrenching your womb open. Gotta do it if I'm gonna go even deeper into you!"
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aah!"
Shizuha screams in utter agony at the sensation of his tentacle tearing her womb open and slithering
into its interior.
The sheer pain of the act makes her head spin uncontrollably.
However, the three of them don't care whatsoever about how she feels.
Gretel: "Well, I suppose I have no choice. I'll make like Rapunzel now, by making my way inside you."
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaah?! Ugh, nnngh, ah, aaah...! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Shizuha's body is once again ravaged...
Or rather, she's ravaged even more intensely than she was before.
Alice's cock is in all the way down to its root, poking deep into her intestines.
Rapunzel's tentacle fills up her vagina; several tendrils sprout from its tip to further invade the
interior of her womb.
Gretel's penis extends to an alarming length and rubs the lining of her esophagus, stimulating her
gag reflex to an intense degree.
Shizuha
(It hurts... It hurts so much... Someone... Someone, please save me...)
Shizuha
(Yuna...!)
The thought of Yuna comes to her mind unbidden.
Some part of Shizuha ardently wishes that Yuna will come and save her from this.
However, Shizuha forces herself to reject that wish.
Shizuha
(Yuna... Did you manage to escape...?)
Shizuha
(I'm probably done for, but... But I hope at least you can live in peace, somewhere far away...)
This is Shizuha's final wish.
In the face of certain death that creeps ever closer, her sole desire is for Yuna to be happy.
Rapunzel: "Hey, you're dozing off on us again! C'mon, scream louder!"
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?! Aaaah, it huuuuuuurts! I-Id huuuuuuurds....!"
Alice: "Ooooo.. Guuh... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Rapunzel: "You're finally going all the way, eh, Alice?"
Rapunzel: "...How about you, Gretel? That doesn't really count as a blowjob, y'know."
Gretel: "Not to worry, my friend. I've inserted myself all the way down her throat now."
Gretel: "Of course, with how thin and long as I am, I don't block off her screaming."
Shizuha: "Gaaah, ugh, ung, o, aaah, s-sabe, meh... Aaah..."
Rapunzel: "Right, right. You should hope someone comes to save you. Because until someone does, I'm going
to toy with you a whole lot. And I'm going to completely, utterly..."
Rapunzel: "Mess your womb up."
Shizuha: "GaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaAaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!"
Shizuha: "It hurts, hurts, hurts, it hurts, agaaaah, gaaaaah! Aaaaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaah! Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Unbearable pain assaults Shizuha.
Rapunzel's tentacle yanks against her vaginal walls, inflicting continuous, non-stop agony.
At the same time, Alice's thrusts grow even more savage, further wrenching open Shizuha's rectum.
The injury to her anus becomes that much larger, causing crimson blood to drip from where their
bodies are joined.
Her doom is fast approaching.
Shizuha is sure of that fact as she lets hoarse howls into the air.
Her insides are already severely injured, and the interior of her throat is full of blood.
Every now and then gastric acid climbs up her throat as she sobs, filling her mouth with the taste of
blood.
Shizuha
(It hurts... It hurts so much... It feels like... my body's... being shredded...)
Shizuha
(If only we... We could... just get along....)
Alice: "Oooooooooooooooooooooooh!"
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
The sound of something snapping echoes within Shizuha's ears.
Copious amounts of blood spurt from her rectum, splashing over Alice's crotch.
This amount of bleeding is far more than before. Alice must have tore open a major blood vessel.
Shizuha
(Gonna... die... I'm gonna... die...)
Shizuha
(But, if... If that means I won't have to go through this pain anymore... then I'm better off... dead...)
Shizuha
(I won't die as easily as a human because I'm a Vampire, but... at this rate... I'll definitely die...)
Shizuha
(And hopefully, the way I die won't be this painfー)
Rapunzel: "C'mon, take this! Womb puuuuuuuuuuuunch!"
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Shizuha's wish is cruelly ignored as even more intense pain rushes through her.
By now, her womb is filled with countless tendrils sprouting from Rapunzel's tentacle. They now
push up against her stomach from the inside.
Even while she struggles with her intense gag reflex from Gretel's penis, she has to withstand this
new kind of pain from within her body.
Shizuha
(Just... Just kill meeee....!)
Shizuha wishes for the sweet release of death as her consciousness begins to fade.
She casts aside her attachment to her life and accepts the end of her existence.
However, her wish does not reach the Hunters.
They don't exactly care for keeping Vampires like her alive, but that hardly means they'll grant her
the mercy of a painless passing.
Alice: "Oooooh! Oooooooooh!"
Rapunzel: "Womb jab! Womb straight punch! Womb hook! Womb uppeeeeeeeeeeeeer!"
Gretel: "Oooh, aah... Your throat's heaving... The way it moves, it's quite... Quite pleasant..."
Each of them indulges in joy in their own way.
While Rapunzel's tentacle isn't truly an erogenous zone, Shizuha's agonized expression and screams
are more than enough to satisfy him.
Shizuha's consciousness, on the other hand, fades even further. Her vision begins to fade to black.
While the pain is beginning to fade, the nausea and her gag reflex are only becoming more intense.
Shizuha
(I... I feel so... sick...!)
That thought spins around and around within her mind.
She no longer has a clear grasp on the situation she's in.
She only wishes for two things. The first is for a swift death.
The second is for Yuna's happiness; hopefully, she's escaped to safety by now.
Those wishes in her heart, however, do not keep her body from thrashing.
Gretel: "Oooh, the way your throat's moving... That intense shaking... Aaah, it's so pleasant. It might... just
might be time for me to cum..."
Rapunzel: "It's shaking? Her throat's shaking?"
Gretel: "Yes, it is."
Rapunzel: "Wait, doesn't that..."
Rapunzel: "...Mean she's going to throw up?"
Gretel: "Huh...?"
Shizuha: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Gretel: "Ooooooh?!"
Unable to withstand the impacts inside her abdomen any longer, Shizuha vomits.
The contents of her stomach surge into her mouth, around and past Gretel's penis nestled in her
throat.
Shizuha: "Ugggh, gaah, ugh, aaaaah, bfaah, uuuuugh, oooh, aaaaah...! Bfhaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Gretel: "W-Wait, wait, wait just a moment, aah, aaaaah...!"
Gretel hurriedly tries to pull his penis out from her mouth, but he doesn't manage it in time.
He stomps his feet in a panic, but it does little to change things.
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha! Oh, that's nasty, ohoh!"
Gretel: "S-Stop... Stop it!"
Shizuha: "ーGaaaah?!"
Gretel uses the extra length of his long penis to constrict Shizuha's neck.
With her breathing completely cut off, her tongue is left dangling out of her mouth.
Shizuha: "Eeeh........."
Shizuha can no longer breathe, much less vomit.
Her heads spins as her consciousness begins to fade.
Shizuha
(C-Can't... breathe...!)
Every inch of Shizuha's body writhes in panic.
That includes her rectum and vagina; they squeeze down tightly.
Alice in particular seems to enjoy this development.
Alice: "Oooooooooooooh!"
After sticking his cock as far as he can go one last time, he ejaculates.
He satiates his lusts by hosing down Shizuha's intestines with his semen.
Rapunzel: "Punch! Punch! Puuuuuuuuunch!"
Rapunzel, too, is having fun with her body.
While he doesn't gain any kind of sexual satisfaction from the act, breaking her body excites him in
a different way.
However, at this point, neither moans nor words are escaping Shizuha's mouth.
Her eyes have nearly rolled back into her skull. She's on the verge of fainting.
Rapunzel: "Hey, loosen up a little. It's no fun if I can't hear her scream."
Gretel: "Surely you're joking. If I release her now, her disgusting vomit will spill all over me."
Rapunzel: "Then pull your dick out."
Gretel: "Well, you see, I've, hmm... clamped on her throat so hard, I... can't pull out."
Rapunzel: "What are you, a fucking idiot?!"
Gretel: "If I pull out in a single movement... the moment I release her... it might minimize the damages..."
Gretel earnestly tries to devise a plan to keep him from getting any more soiled by Shizuha's vomit.
His options are fairly limited, though.
Like he said, his only real way is to pull out as quickly as he can the moment he releases his grip
on her throat.
Gretel: "The timing... The timing's important..."
Rapunzel: "Fine, I'll give you a countdown. Pull out at my count."
Gretel: "R-Really? Then, please, if you will!"
Rapunzel: "Really? Do it in one go."
Rapunzel: "Five... four... three... two... one...!"
Gretel: "All right, time toー"
Rapunzel: "Womb puuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunch!"
Shizuha: "BfaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahGaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Gretel: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
The moment Gretel slackens his penis's hold on her throat and tries to pull out, Rapunzel uses his
tentacle's tendrils to punch into Shizuha's womb.
The impact shudders through her body, especially her stomach.
With the hold on her throat released at that exact moment, her body can only react in one way.
Rapunzel: "Gyahahahahahahahahaha!"
Gretel: "Wh-What did... Why did you do that?!"
Rapunzel: "At least pull your dick out before you get mad at me. You'll only get dirtier."
Gretel: "Aaaaah?!"
Gretel hurriedly pulls out his dick from Shizuha's mouth.
However, he's nestled so deeply into her throat that it takes quite long for him to pull fully out.
By the time he does, Shizuha's vomit has soiled his lower body, soaking him in a repulsive stench...
Rapunzel: "Aaaah, this is great. You won't stop fucking crying!"
Gretel: "How could you... What have you done...?!"
Now that his cock is free from Shizuha's mouth, Gretel staggers to one of the warehouse's walls.
He scrubs his back and buttocks against the wood, but the vomit clinging to him refuses to be
removed so easily.
Gretel sobs underneath his leather sack as Rapunzel points and laughs. Alice can only sigh in
exasperation.
Gretel: "I-I can't present myself to Lady Yuika while smelling like this..."
Yuika: "So this is where you three were."
Gretel: "L-Lady Yuika?!"
Yuika: "This seemed like the kind of place where no one would go, so I figured you might be in here."
After giving Shizuha's limp body a glance, Yuika lets her expression contort in displeasure.
Rapunzel: "Yo, you're late. You done on your end?"
Yuika: "Yes."
With that curt reply, she waves Yuna's severed, bloody head in her hand.
Alice: "So you killed her."
Yuika: "She was doing everything she could to escape, so it took me a while to finally kill her."
Rapunzel: "Guess they were both weaklings this time."
Yuika: "That Vampire over there... Is she still alive?"
Rapunzel: "Yeah, we haven't killed her yー"
But as he turns to look at Shizuha, Rapunzel falls silent.
Shizuha's been lying completely still for some time now, her eyes completely devoid of life.
Alice: "...She's dead."
Rapunzel: "The fuck! She was alive two seconds ago."
Gretel: "Maybe you went too far at the end there."
Gretel: "But considering she'd be sent to the Association otherwise, maybe she's better off dying like this..."
Rapunzel: "If she was any tougher, maybe she'd have survived that."
Yuika: "Cut off her head. We'll take it back as proof we slew her."
After saying that in a quiet voice, Yuika turns around.
After watching her leave, the three other Hunters return their gazes to Shizuha's expired body.
Rapunzel: "Alice, you handle it. Tear it off."
Alice: "Aye aye, captain..."
Gretel: "Ugh... Hopefully I can find a shower somewhere..."
Rapunzel and Gretel leave the club as well.
Alice lingers just long enough to grab Shizuha's head...
Alice: "Hmph!"
...With her neck clasped between Alice's hands, Shizuha's head rips off of her shoulders.
Alice: "Just where... are the strong?"
Holding Shizuha's head by its hair, Alice heads outside as well.
This was just their daily routine.
This is how the Hunters of Vampires live.
Taking the heads of the two Vampires they slew that night, they set their sights on their next
destination...
Shizuha: "U-Ugh... Gaaah, bfaaah, ooh, ooh..."
Rapunzel: "See? I didn't kill her. Ain't I smart?"
Shizuha: "Bfaaaaah?!"
Rapunzel extracts his tentacle from Shizuha.
Alice also yanks his cock out before grabbing Shizuha by the head with his large hand.
Alice: "We take living Vamps to the Association, right?"
Shizuha: "Nnng!"
He throws Shizuha's body, slamming it down against the warehouse's floor.
Her mouth is filthy with vomit, her vagina is torn open, and a mixture of white and red drips from
her rectum.
Yuika: "You guys take her. I don't want to touch that thing."
Alice: "What about the other Vamp?"
Yuika: "I took care of her."
With that said, Yuika raises her hand up high.
Clutched in that hand is Yuna's severed, bloodstained head.
Nothing remains beneath its neck, save for a trail of blood droplets that stains the floor.
Yuika: "Just to be on the safe side, this is your mistress, right?"
Shizuha: "..."
Lying still on the floor, Shizuha's eyes widen ever so slightly.
Yuna's face has been ruthlessly crushed. It's missing her eyes, mouth, and nose.
Even still, Shizuha can easily recognize it's Yuna from the length and color of her hair, as well as
the contours of her face.
Shizuha: "Yu...na...?"
Shizuha's dazed consciousness rapidly resurfaces.
Her thoughts, however, are completely in shambles.
She can't quite understand what she's witnessing.
Why is Yuna here? She should have escaped.
Why is it just her head? Where's the rest of her body?
Shizuha: "Y-You... d... Died...?"
Yuika: "Even a Vampire wouldn't be alive in this condition."
Looking down at Yuna's severed head for a moment, Yuika contorts her face in displeasure.
Yuika: "Let's go. It doesn't look like this Vampire has any intention of fighting, so tie her up so she can't
run away."
Alice: "Where are we going next?"
Yuika: "For now, let's return to the Association's headquarters."
Rapunzel: "Again?! If we go back to headquarters from here, it'll be days before I get to play again."
Rapunzel cusses, earning a glare from Yuika.
Although Rapunzel is officially Yuika's subordinate, he regards her with the most blatant hatred out
of the other three Hunters.
Yuika: "You're the only one who sees this as a game. For me, this is work."
Rapunzel: "I'm saying it's inefficient."
Yuika: "We earned plenty here. If you've got any complaints, take them up with the Association and have
me removed."
Rapunzel: "Tch."
Yuika: "Now get ready. We're leaving this city as soon asー"
Yuika: "Gaaaah?!"
It happens all too quickly.
Shizuha suddenly gets to her feet and lunges at Yuika with a speed no one could have expected out
from her.
She coils both hands around Yuika's neck and throws her down against the floor.
Yuika's head hits the floor hard, knocking her out.
Gretel: "Lady Yuika!"
Rapunzel: "What the hell, is this for real?!"
Gretel: "How dare you?!"
Gretel lunges at Shizuha a moment later, pinning her to the floor as well.
Gretel: "I didn't think you'd try to resist in this situation... I hope you're prepared for what's going to come
next!"
Shizuha: "But she... She killed Yuna..."
Gretel: "So you got mad? We're Hunters. Exterminating Vampires is what we do."
Undiluted anger emanates from Gretel's body.
Anyone that would hurt Yuika is an enemy in his eyes.
Be it a Vampire or even another Hunter in the Association, even Rapunzel and Alice; anyone who
would dare hurt Yuika can only be seen as an enemy by him.
Gretel: "I will kill you here. You will perish, full of regret and remorse for what you've done."
Rapunzel: "Nah, that one was on Yuika. She was too vulnerable."
Gretel: "Excuse me? You're siding with the Vampire?"
Rapunzel: "Just stating the facts, man. She totally underestimated her, and couldn't even dodge that pathetic
attack."
Gretel: "I will not allow you to insult Lady Yuika any further."
Gretel releases Shizuha, now.
He turns his back on her while glaring at Rapunzel with hatred.
Shizuha: "..."
Shizuha watches the events unfold without saying a word.
She hadn't meant to spark discord between them.
She only attacked Yuika because she was overcome with anger.
After knocking Yuika unconscious, though, she has no clue what she should do next.
Shizuha: "..."
What should she do now?
She could stay here, lying on the floor.
Or maybe... she could still somehow save Yuna.
Ｙｕｎａ: "A Vampire that doesn't suck blood is just going to wither away. Without any minions, you'll just be
a pathetic creature waiting to be hunted."
Yuna's voice echoes in her mind.
It's as if those words from before are guiding her, telling her what to do next.
Shizuha: "Suck blood..."
Her next actions aren't taken consciously.
Her body moves on its own, as if simply carrying out a familiar routine. Slowly, she rises to her
feet.
And then...
Gretel: "Gaaaaaah?!"
...As if embracing him from behind, Shizuha sinks her fangs into Gretel's neck.
Gretel: "O-Oh no...!"
Numbness shoot through Gretel's body.
For a moment he tries to attack Shizuha as she clings to his back, but soon enough, he can't even
manage that.
Rapunzel: "Oooh. She went and did it."
Gretel: "Ah... Ah..."
Rapunzel: "Can we biological weapons even be made into Vampires?"
Alice: "Hell if I know."
Shizuha: "Mm... Mm... Mm... Mm..."
Shizuha slowly sucks Gretel's blood.
Even she isn't quite sure why she's doing it here and now.
All she knows is that the blood flowing down her throat is warm, causing burning heat to soak
through her body.
Shizuha: "Mm... Haa, aah..."
Gretel: "Ah, ngh... Aaaah..."
Shizuha: "What... do you want to do?"
Gretel: "Ugh, aaah...?"
Shizuha: "Someone... once told me... that Vampires... are allowed to live freely."
Shizuha: "And so... you can be free, too..."
Gretel: "What are you...?"
Shizuha: "You... love this person, right? In that case... you're free to do as you wish..."
Shizuha: "Let your heart go free... Think about whatever you want to do for her..."
Gretel: "..."
Rapunzel: "What is she saying?"
Alice: "I dunno."
What is she saying, indeed?
Shizuha isn't quite sure, either.
It feels as if someone else is speaking through her lips.
However, her words take root in Gretel's heart.
Now that he is beginning to become a Vampire, he cannot resist the siren song that is Shizuha's
command.
Rapunzel: "I don't really get what's going on, but whatever it is, it's interesting."
Rapunzel: "Aaaah, Gretel. Didn't you, uhh... You know? Always used to say that? That you'd do anything if it
benefits Yuika?"
Rapunzel: "Then why don't you teach her? Teach this woman about the world like she's never seen it before."
Rapunzel: "Heheh... Right now, you can do anything you want to her."
Gretel: "I... I..."
Gretel has lost all composure.
The desire in his heart rises to the surface, shaking his beliefs to the core.
However, those are his true feelings.
He admires Yuika, and that's exactly why he seeks to do so much with her.
Those desires that have been hidden in his heart can no longer be suppressed now that he's become
a Vampire.
Gretel: "I can do... whatever I wish to Lady Yuika... Aaah..."
Rapunzel: "Just chill and think about it. Anything you want, man. Anything that comes to mind. It's all good
so long as it makes Yuika happy in the end, right?"
Gretel: "Make... Lady Yuika... happy..."
Rapunzel: "What're you gonna do, Alice? If we ice Yuika, we won't have to worry about our control devices
triggering anymore."
Rapunzel: "Well, they're still gonna be inside our bodies, but we won't have to worry about having to stay in
her good graces."
Alice: "You've been trying to stay in her good graces...? But if we get to go free, I'm not gonna say no."
Rapunzel: "I mean, if we do that, the Association's gonna go after us. Someone else will show up to activate
them instead of her."
Alice: "That's fine. We'll find someone to take them out of our bodies before that happens."
Rapunzel: "It's decided, then."
Gretel: "I-I... My... true..."
Rapunzel: "For now just try it out."
Gretel: "Try...?"
Rapunzel: "For example... There's the sort of joy only women can experience. You can teach her what that
means."
Rapunzel: "That's what real admiration means, isn't it? Mm?"
Gretel: "...!"
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, this is gonna be a blast!"
Yuika: "Ugh... Nn..."
When Yuika regains consciousness, she finds her body restrained by her three subordinates.
Her memory only continues up until Shizuha pounced on her.
Everything after that is a blank, but she realizes very quickly that she's been betrayed.
Yuika: "What are you three thinking? You know the Association isn't going to stand by and just let you get
away with thー"
Rapunzel: "We don't care. We're going to be free."
Yuika: "Free? You think you can do that? You've got control devices in your bodies."
Alice: "We already destroyed your remote control for those."
Yuika: "You might have destroyed my remote, but the Association can just make a spare. They can use that
to kill you whenever they want."
Rapunzel: "Yes, that's the problem right there. We'll have to find a way to get these pesky things out of our
bodies..."
Alice: "We'll cross that bridge when we get to it. For now, the question is what we do with you."
Yuika: "..."
Alice's words have Yuika clenching her teeth bitterly.
While she'd known exactly how dangerous these three can be, she hadn't counted on them
cooperating with each other.
Rapunzel had treated her with clear animosity in the past, but Alice was always satisfied simply by
being allowed to fight Vampires.
On top of that, Gretel had almost seemed fanatically affectionate of her, in his own way.
With their lack of unity, she thought she was relatively safe around them...
Gretel: "Aaah... Aaah... Lady Yuika... Your body... Your white skin... It's so... To think the day would
come...!"
Rapunzel: "Personally I prefer slightly bigger boobs."
Rapunzel: "But I'll admit that looking at her pussy like this isn't too bad."
Yuika: "You... disgusting lowlife..."
Yuika grits her teeth in anger, glaring at Rapunzel who stands right in front of her.
The fact that she's a Hunter hasn't stripped her of her sense of modesty.
Being exposed like this, with her entire body laid bare, fills her with embarrassment and shame.
Yuika: "Gretel... Are you really with these bastards?"
Gretel: "Lady Yuika, I've come to a realization. I finally know what I can do for you..."
Gretel: "Something that only I can ever do..."
Yuika: "And this is what you came up with?"
Gretel: "Lady Yuika, it is time you open the door to a new world. And I intend to help you do so..."
Yuika: "..."
His reaction is odd.
If anything, he's being noticeably more sentimental than he usually is.
Yuika looks at him for a long time as she tries to discern what's wrong with him. Eventually, she
catches sight of the cause of his change.
Yuika: "...That mark on your neck."
Gretel: "Yes?"
Yuika: "You're... becoming a Vampire."
Gretel: "Yes, thanks to her. She has set me free."
Gretel: "But have no concern. My loyalty for you remains as unwavering as ever, Lady Yuika."
Gretel: "Nay, I should even go so far as to say that it's stronger than ever before. For your sake... I wish to
become one with you."
Yuika: "...It drove you crazy, didn't it."
Yuika now gives up on trying to win Gretel back to her side.
Now that he's a Vampire, he's no longer the Gretel she knew.
Yuika doesn't even care whether or not he might be susceptible to persuasion. The mere fact that
he's now a Vampire fills her up with nothing but hatred.
Yuika: "Alice, are you really okay with this? With cooperating with a Vampire?"
Alice: "I only obeyed you because you had a certain degree of strength."
Alice: "But... Now that you've lost, everything has changed. I've no need of weaklings."
Alice: "So long as I remain under you, I'll never get to fight against the truly strong."
Yuika: "And you call that freedom? You think you betraying meーbetraying the Associationーwill free you to
just go around looking for strong opponents to fight?"
Alice: "Pretty much, yes."
Yuika: "..."
At this point, Yuika realizes that whether she likes it or not, any attempt to persuade them is
pointless.
They have all betrayed the Association, knowing full well what that entails.
There will be no changing their minds. Even if she were to win them back over, their treachery is
already complete.
Their paths have completely diverged from her own.
Rapunzel: "So, can we get this show on the road already? We're not here to just to have a fun little chat with
you, you know."
Rapunzel: "You've caused me a lot of pent-up frustration. I'm gonna take my sweet time getting my revenge on
you."
Gretel: "Rapunzel, need I remind you that I do not seek to inflict any suffering on Lady Yuika?"
Rapunzel: "I know, I know. We're showing her a 'new world', yeah?"
Rapunzel: "You go first, Alice. Show us how gentle you can be."
Alice: "Hm."
Yuika: "Nnng...!"
Alice starts moving his hands.
His thick fingers move deftly, sweetly stimulating Yuika's nipples.
Yuika: "Kuh, aaah...?!"
Rapunzel: "Ahaha, moaning already?"
Yuika: "...Shut up."
Rapunzel: "You don't need to hold back, y'know? Let Alice butter you up real nice."
Yuika: "Kuh... Ugh...!"
The buzz running through her body makes a tinge of heat seep into her moans.
While this stimulation is far from intense, she has little experience with such erotic sensations.
She has absolutely no idea what's going to become of her next.
Yuika: "..."
Rapunzel: "C'mon, don't be so frigid. Say something too, Gretel."
Gretel: "Lady Yuika, let us open this new door together. Beyond it lies a brand new world, the likes of
which you've never experienced before."
Yuika: "...I always thought you were the most tolerable of the group, but you pull this as soon as you get
turned into a Vampire?"
Yuika: "Nng... You're the same as the other two, after all."
Gretel: "Lady Yuika, please believe in me. I promise to satisfy you."
There's no talking him out of this.
Gretel's insanity has taken on an entirely different spin, one that Yuika can no longer control.
Yuika: "Kuh... Nnn..."
She realizes that her very life is in danger.
She can't persuade them to stop.
On top of that, she's completely bound in place.
All she can do is endure what these three are about to do to her.
Rapunzel: "Now then... It's about time I join in."
Rapunzel: "I've been looking forward to this, you know? The day I... stick my stuff in that pussy of yours!"
Yuika: "Ugh, aaah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Rapunzel's tentacles slither into Yuika's vagina.
He doesn't stop at just one; several tentacles push inside her together.
Yuika: "Aaah, guh, aaah... Haaa, aaaaah!"
Rapunzel: "That's a good expression. It suits you."
Yuika: "I'll... kill you."
Rapunzel: "Oooh, whoa, what a treat. Even in a situation like this, you still run your mouth."
Rapunzel: "It's no fun if you break too quickly. Please, keep it up."
Yuika: "Aaah, agggggh?!"
Yuika
(He's... moving inside me...?!)
Rapunzel's tentacles writhe within her body.
His movements aren't violent, however. He gently rubs against her vaginal walls.
Yuika: "Aaah, ugh... S-Stop it... Ngh!"
Rapunzel: "Oooh... This is... You're not a virgin, are ya?"
Gretel: "What...?!"
Rapunzel: "Who did you? It wasn't Gretel, right?"
Gretel: "H-How uncouth! I would never...!"
Yuika: "Sh-Shut! Up!"
Rapunzel: "Who knows, maybe you did it to yourself. I can see you doing that."
Rapunzel: "...Well, I guess I don't really care."
Yuika: "Guh, you... lowlife piece of...!"
Rapunzel: "But it feels good, right? I do know my way around a girl's body."
Rapunzel: "I might even know your body better than you do."
Yuika: "Kuh, ah, p-pull those... filthy things out of me!"
Rapunzel: "Hey now, I take good care of these every day. So be nice... and enjoy them!"
Yuika: "Nghaaa?! Ah, aaaaaaaaaaah!"
Yuika
(He's... going faster...!)
Yuika: "Ah, aaah... Kuh, aaah... Aaaaaaaaah!"
Gretel: "Oooh... Lady Yuika, your voice..."
Gretel sighs at the sound of Yuika's moans, his voice rich with emotion.
He has dreamed of seeing her like this for so long, and now those dreams are finally being realized.
She had been an existence he never imagined he'd be able to touch.
That is how Gretel views her, which is why he can't tear his gaze away from her as Rapunzel
ravishes her.
Rapunzel: "You going at it too, Alice?"
Alice: "Yes, albeit unwillingly. I'm just following your lead for the time being."
Yuika: "Nnn, kuh, haa...!"
Yuika
(Why are my... nipples so sensitive? Is the way he's touching me supposed to be skillful or
something...?)
Yuika: "Ah, aaaah... Haaa...!"
Rapunzel: "Oh, now that's a reaction. Alice is good at this, huh?"
Rapunzel: "We've been raping lots of girls behind the scenes, so our technique's pretty refined, y'know?"
Yuika: "Harming... nnng, civilians is... ah, ugh... strictly forbidden... Ah, aaah...!"
Alice: "Yes, we know. But even we have our impulses."
Rapunzel: "We've been keeping it on the down low to make sure we haven't left a mess, see?"
Yuika: "You know... what'll happen if the Association finds out... Nnngh!"
Alice: "Yet you looked the other way, despite knowing about it. You're just as guilty for not stopping us."
Rapunzel: "Heck, you've been running your mouth too much."
Rapunzel: "Hey, Gretel, do us a solid and shut her mouth, will ya?"
Gretel: "So it is my time to participate. Very well."
Yuika: "Mmmmgh?!"
Gretel's long, elongated penis thrusts into her mouth.
It coils around her tongue like a snake and starts rubbing the back of her throat.
Yuika: "Bfhaa, ugh... Aaaah...!"
Yuika
(I-Is that Gretel's dick?! I-It's gross! How dare he put this thing in my mouth...?!)
It's long, thin, and elastic, almost like gum.
That's the only way she can think of to describe the thing coiling around her tongue and settling
inside her oral cavity.
Yuika: "Bfah, nnng, aaah... Nnnn!"
Gretel: "Oh, so this... is what it feels like inside your mouth, Lady Yuika..."
Rapunzel: "All right, now let's really get started. Now we're gonna thoroughly fuck you up."
Gretel: "Ooooh, Lady Yuika!"
Yuika: "ーNnnnnng?!"
Suddenly, Yuika feels something warm flow into her mouth.
Viscous in texture, it reeks of rotten flesh.
Yuika can't help but retch, but with Gretel's tongue blocking her lips, she can't force much of it out.
Yuika: "Nbfaah, ugh... Glug..."
Rapunzel: "Ah...? You came already? Holy shit."
Seeing the white fluid dripping from her lips, Rapunzel raises his voice in shock.
While he'd expected Gretel to inevitably soil Yuika's mouth, he was still shocked to see him ejaculate
so quickly.
Rapunzel: "Come on, take your time. That's your precious Lady Yuika. Enjoy her mouth some more."
Gretel: "And that's exactly why. Just being inside her mouth... The sheer excitement. It's irresistible!"
Rapunzel: "Right... I getcha."
Yuika: "Bfffgh... Ugh, aah..."
While Rapunzel and Gretel banter, Yuika is struggling to draw breath.
She doesn't know what to do with the muck in her mouth.
She wants to spit it all out, but Gretel's penis won't let her.
However, she can't bring herself to swallow it, and so his semen remains in her mouth.
Yuika: "Bgaah, ugh, bfha!"
Rapunzel: "Aww, what a waste. It's seeping out from the corners."
Gretel: "Hmm... That is a problem."
Gretel: "...I should put my tongue in deeper."
Yuika: "Mmmmg?! Nn, gugaaah?!"
Gretel's dick starts to move.
Its tip had been tickling the back of her tongue, but now it goes even deeper.
Yuika
(It's going into the back of my throat?!)
Since his dick isn't very thick, it doesn't quite suffocate her.
It chokes her a little bit, but her voice can still come out.
Yuika: "Gfah, ah... S-Stoooop..."
Gretel: "Oooh, so this is what your throat feels like..."
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, you went into her throat? Good on you!"
Rapunzel: "Then I'll get serious down here, too."
The tentacles inside start rubbing around her vagina, filling her body with shivers of pleasure.
Yuika
(Why is this happening to me...?! I'd been so careful around them...)
Yuika
(I'll kill them... I'll find a chance to escape, and kill the three of them after that.)
Yuika
(But to do that... I have to get Gretel back on my side, even if he is a Vampire...)
Gretel
(Aaah, a-again...?!)
Yuika: "ーNnn, nnnnngha?!"
Gretel's semen shoots directly down her throat.
There's far more of the stuff than last time, so much that it actually makes her throat bulge.
Yuika
(I-It hurts! My throat hurts!)
Rapunzel: "Holy fuck, seriously? Two times already? Fuck, you're quick."
Gretel: "Like I've said earlier, Lady Yuika's mouth is..."
Rapunzel: "Yeah, yeah, I heard you last time."
Yuika: "Ugh, gaaah, ngh?!"
Yuika
(Gretel's semen is going into my body...?!)
Yuika
(No, it's filthy! I don't want to drink this!)
Yuika: "Aah... Uuu, gulp... Gulp..."
Gretel's semen flows directly into her throat.
Although her mind rebels against the thought, she has no choice but to swallow.
Yuika
(Ugh, it stinks! It's so disgusting!)
Gretel: "Ooh... This is..."
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, ain'tcha having fun today. She's drinking your jizz!"
Gretel: "Lady Yuika... is drinking my..."
Yuika: "Bfaaah?!"
Gretel's dick quivers with excitement inside Yuika's mouth.
Soon after, he once again ejaculates.
Yuika: "Ngaaaah?!"
His cum spurts out with such force that it comes squirting out from around her lips.
Gretel's bitter body fluids swim inside her mouth.
His logic-defying rapid-fire ejaculations cause her eyes to widen.
And then...
Yuika: "Nnnnng?!"
Yuika: "Guh, gaaaah?!"
Yuika: "Bwhaaaaaaaaa!"
She isn't even doing anything, but Gretel ejaculates yet again.
With her mouth filled to the brim with cum, she's forced to swallow for dear life.
Yuika: "G-Gaaah?! Ugh, aaah...!"
Rapunzel: "Good going. Now that's how you torment someone."
Gretel: "This is to be expected, of course. I am inside Lady Yuika, after all."
Rapunzel: "If you're this excited from this, imagine how good it'll feel if you stick it in her pussy, eh?"
Gretel: "Such an awe-inspiring prospect... I would be sucked dry until I shrivel up and die..."
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, I'd bet."
Yuika: "Gaaah, uu... Nn, g-gulp... Gulp...!"
No matter what they say, Yuika can't talk back in this situation.
Her throat is too busy swallowing down Gretel's semen. What little air passes through her lips
around his cock can only be used for breath.
Gretel is too oblivious to realize, but Yuika is slowly suffocating around his member.
Rapunzel: "All right, Alice, it's time we make this chick feel good, too."
Alice: "...It feels like a waste of time, but fine. I'll just follow your lead."
Yuika: "Nnnnnnng?!"
Alice and Rapunzel start moving.
One of them thoroughly caresses her nipples, while the other similarly spoils her vaginal walls.
Despite her disgust, their actions cause pleasure to run through her body, gradually making her
heart waver.
Yuika
(I can't believe this... And it's these bastards, too...!)
Yuika
(It shouldn't feel good... So why? At this rate, I'll...)
Doubts fill her mind as she feels warmth beginning to build up in her abdomen.
Gretel: "Kuh, oooooh!?"
Yuika: "Ngaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Gretel ejaculates yet again.
He shakes his hips back and forth as he fires another thick load of cum into Yuika's throat.
Yuika: "Baaafh, ugh... Gha..."
Gretel: "I-I can't take anymore..."
Yuika: "Uuuuugh..."
Gretel finally pulls his penis out of her mouth.
Semen sloshes out of Yuika's mouth, staining her chin and running down her neck and chest.
Rapunzel: "What, over already?"
Gretel: "Any further, and I'll wither."
Rapunzel: "Oh, well. Makes it easier to hear her voice, I guess."
Yuika: "Haa... Haa... Haa... Haa..."
Rapunzel: "Hey, who said you could slack off?!"
Yuika: "Aaaah?! Nng, haaaa!"
Yuika lets out a shrill scream as the assault on her breasts and pussy resumes.
Despite her ardent attempts to contain her voice, it escapes nonetheless. The relief of having her
mouth finally freed from Gretel's cock makes it impossible to resist screaming out.
Rapunzel: "Oooh, now that's more like it. That's what I wanted to hear!"
Yuika: "S-Stop... it! Nnng, aaaah?!"
Yuika
(I don't want them to hear my voice... But I can't stop myself!)
Rapunzel: "Just be honest with yourself. It'll feel better."
Yuika: "Shut... up...! Nnng... This... This doesn't....!"
She glares at Rapunzel where he stands before her.
However, the look in her eyes only serves to excite them further.
In the end, she's nothing but a plaything to her former subordinates.
Rapunzel: "Okaaay, time to jackhammer!"
Yuika: "S-Stop... Aaaaaah!"
Rapunzel's assault upon her vagina causes her to let out high-pitched screams.
Gretel's ejaculations inside her mouth and throat have left her completely exhausted. She can't keep
her voice down at this point.
The most she can do is clench her teeth desperately, but the vigorous ministrations of Rapunzel's
tentacles overwhelms even that.
Yuika
(Why...?! I... I don't want them to hear me, but I can't stop myself...)
Yuika
(And down there, it feels... Feels nice in my... pussy...)
Yuika
(This is so bizarre. Did they do something to my body? Or was it like this to begin with...?)
Rapunzel: "Now you're being honest for a change. How about a little reward, then?"
Yuika: "Aaaaaaaah?!"
He extends another tentacle. This one touches her clitoris.
The continued stimulation has caused it to swell up. The slightest touch upon it sends waves of
pleasure crashing over her.
Yuika: "S-Stop, n-not there...! Aaaaah!"
Rapunzel: "Feels good down there, huh? Don't be shy; bask in the pleasure!"
Yuika: "N-No...! It doesn't, feel gー Aah, aaaaaaaaah!"
The stimulation, stronger than any before it, makes her body twist and writhe.
For all her attempts to resist, her body reacts without regard for her will.
The stimulation of her clitoris and nipples is especially acute. The feeling of having her privates
toyed with causes pleasure to shoot through her limbs.
Yuika
(I can't believe I'm this sensitive... Why? It's so much stronger than when I do it to myself...)
Yuika
(This is weird... It makes no sense. Being this sensitive can't be normal.)
Yuika
(Something's wrong with my body...)
Yuika: "Hiii, kuh, aah... Aaaaaah!"
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, there it is. You finally figured out something's wrong with your body."
Yuika: "...! What did you do...?!"
Rapunzel: "What do you think? Here's a hint... Gretel."
Gretel: "Yes, I know. I will satisfy Lady Yuika... with my blood..."
With those words, Gretel scratches the length of his long, extended penis.
The wound isn't deep, but it's enough to make blood seep out.
Gretel: "Lady Yuika... Do drink it."
Yuika: "Nnng, aaah...?!"
He forces his dick back into her mouth.
However, this time it's not for the sake of his pleasure.
He does it so that he can fill her mouth with his blood.
Yuika: "Nnn, gulp?!"
She can't stop herself before it pours down her throat.
Her head starts to spin as her body flares up with heat.
A deep feeling of thirst overcomes her. She can feel her pulse already accelerating.
Yuika: "Ugh, aaah...?! Wh-What... is this...?"
An impulse unlike anything she's ever felt before rises up from her heart.
ーI want it...
She hears that in her own voice within her mind.
It needs no further explanation. Yuika immediately realizes what it is that she craves.
Yuika: "So hot... My body... wants blood..."
Gretel: "You want blood now, yes? You're welcome to mine, if it would please you."
Yuika: "N-No... Th-This is..."
Rapunzel: "Your eyes... They're red. Red like blood."
Yuika: "N-No...!"
By now, what's happening to her body doesn't require any explanation.
She has an impulse to consume blood... Her eyes are turning red...
It all points to one conclusion: that she is becoming a Vampire.
At this moment, Yuika realizes that the vampire she supposedly defeatedーShizuhaーmust have
sucked her blood.
Gretel: "It is a full moon tonight, and it seems this means our thirst for blood grows more intense than
ever."
Rapunzel: "And it also means your pleasure is more intense, as well."
Yuika: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
The tentacles nestled in her vagina begin moving more vigorously than before.
They move as if churning up her insides, roughly knocking against her uterus.
Yuika: "Th-This is, aaah, s-stoooop, aaaaaah! S-Stop it, ugh, aaah, stooop iiiiiit!"
Rapunzel keeps moving his tentacles, completely ignoring Yuika's pleas.
The more her vagina is caressed, the more love juices she secretes. Before long, the stuff is dripping
all the way down to her thighs.
Alice: "I see. So becoming a Vampire has made you this aroused, huh?"
Gretel: "Indeed. To think the day would come when I see Lady Yuika in such a state..."
Rapunzel: "Here's a special service for you. We'll do you until you're satisfied."
Alice and Rapunzel continues to intensify their caresses.
For now, Gretel is content to simply watch, but the sight of Yuika becoming aroused makes his
penis harden again.
Yuika: "Aaaaaaah, r-reaaaaally, ah, ah, s-stooop, ah, aaaaah! I-If this, ah, aaah, k-keeps up...!"
Yuika
(I won't... be able to restrain myself anymore!)
The impulse is becoming so strong that it will soon be impossible to resist.
She craves human blood, regardless of whom it comes from.
If she can't have that, then carnal pleasure will suffice for the time being.
Even after living all her life as a Hunter devoted to exterminating Vampires, now that she is a
Vampire herself, she cannot restrain her impulse.
Rapunzel: "You want us to stop? Are you sure that's what you want?"
Yuika: "Huh? Aah..."
Rapunzel: "If we leave you hanging when you're all worked up like this, will you be able to restrain yourself?"
Rapunzel: "Are you sure you'll be able to hold back from sucking the blood of any human who passes you
by?"
Yuika: "...!"
That's what scares Yuika most.
The idea of her sucking blood from other people...
Having her body tainted like it is now is far preferable to attacking an innocent person.
If the alternative is to lower herself to that level, she'd rather be raped by her old subordinates to
quell the impulse.
Yuika: "N-No... Aaah, m-more... Harder... Go harder...!"
Rapunzel: "Ahaha, never thought I'd hear you say that. I guess your Vampiric impulse is just that strong."
Yuika: "Please, do more... Aaaah, ah, go harder, rougher, or...! Aaah, I won't be able to stand it!"
Rapunzel: "Ooh, ooh. My heart just skipped a beat. Never thought the day would come that I'd hear you
actually say something like that."
Rapunzel: "I thought we'd just end up killing you to be done with it, but it seems being patient was the right
choice after all."
Yuika: "Pleaaaaaaaaaase...!"
Now that she knows the taste of blood, all restraint has been removed from Yuika's mind.
The craving for greater heights of pleasure is all she can think of anymore.
Her every reaction and plea only serves to make Rapunzel's heart beat faster with sadistic pleasure.
Yuika sincerely begging for sex only means he's not going to grant her request easily.
Rapunzel: "What are you asking for, exactly? You'll have to say it real clearly, or I won't get what you mean."
Yuika: "Thrust them in! Please... thrust your tentacles..."
At some point, his tentacles had basically stopped moving.
Of course, he's only doing it to further drive Yuika into a corner.
Rapunzel: "Is that how you ask people for something?"
Yuika: "P-Please, I beg of you! Move... Move your tentacles, please!"
Rapunzel: "Huh? Like this? Is this what you want?"
Rapunzel quite deliberately moves a completely different tentacle, one that isn't inside Yuika's body.
Yuika: "N-No! Not that one... The ones inside..."
Rapunzel: "Inside where? Be clear about it, will ya?"
Alice: "...Jeez, you're fucked in the head."
Rapunzel: "Heh, sticks and stones and all that."
Rapunzel: "Where do you mean, Yuika? Shout it loud and clear for the people in the back."
Yuika: "U-Ugh..."
Of course, Yuika realizes why Rapunzel is doing this.
He's toying with her.
He's trying to emotionally shake her up by making her say such obscenities.
Despite being keenly aware of that, however, she can't bring herself to oppose him now.
If she doesn't suppress this overwhelming impulse, she really might suck another person's blood.
The idea of attacking people as a Vampire is the greatest insult imaginable for a Hunter.
Yuika: "Ha, aaah... M-My, pussy..."
Rapunzel: "I can't hear you. Really starting to feel like pulling out at this rate..."
Yuika: "M-My pussy! Please move the tentacles inside my pussy!"
Rapunzel: "You just want me to move them? Is that enough for you?"
Yuika: "Ah, e-erm... I want you to... thrust... Churn up my pussy, please! Make me... feel good!"
Yuika: "P-Pump your tentacles, into my pussy, and... And mess me up!"
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, fucking hell! This is the best feeling ever!"
Rapunzel: "Sure thing, I'll give you exactly what you asked for. So..."
Rapunzel: "You better scream real nice for me!"
Yuika: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh?!"
The moment Rapunzel bellows those words, he starts assaulting Yuika's vagina with a ferocity yet
unseen.
His multiple tentacles inside her each move individually, incessantly rubbing her inner walls and
knocking against her cervix.
Every blow he gives her makes Yuika let loose shrill screams.
Yuika
(What is this?! It feels so good! It feels too good!)
Yuika
(When he does that, my body... My pussy gets so hot!)
Rapunzel: "There, there, there! You like that? You've probably never felt anything like this before!"
Yuika: "Aaah, haaa, thiiiiiis is, the first time, aaaah!"
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, your pussy's so fucking wet! Looks like you're really enjoying this, huh?!"
Yuika: "My pussy, aaah, f-feels too good, ugh, aaah, it's, wet, aaah, it's getting wet, aaah, these, noises...!"
She can clearly hear the wet sounds coming from her own privates.
Every move of the tentacles causes more love juices to seep out and run down her thighs.
Gretel: "Oooooh... To see Lady Yuika so... So disheveled..."
Alice: "In the end, this woman turned out the same as any other human. She succumbed to being a
pathetic Vamp, same as the rest of them."
But despite Gretel and Alice's words, Yuika isn't in a state of mind to listen.
All that matters is the pleasure.
As her body experiences greater pleasures, it becomes even hotter than before.
Her lips are curled up in a smile, her face is flushing red.
Yuika: "Aaaah, I can hear, it, ugh, mmm, these squishing noises, hii, aaah, it's such an, aah, aah, obscene,
noise...!"
Rapunzel: "Is it your first time being this wet? Does it feel better than doing it by yourself?"
Yuika: "Aaah, haaa, i-it feels, better, than when I did, it by myself! It feels, much better, than masturbating!"
Rapunzel: "So you did that kind of thing, huh? How did you pleasure yourself, huh? Tell me."
Yuika: "H-How? Aaah, I, aah, got naked, aah, haaa, mmm, and touched my, aaah, pussy, in front of a
mirror!"
As much as it fills her with shame, Yuika confesses what she did.
After all, exposing her secret to them will grant her further pleasure.
Alice: "In front of a mirror?"
Yuika: "Aaah, ah, haaa, seeing my, p-pussy like that, nnn, t-turns me on...!"
Yuika: "I-I like s-seeing how I, aaah, play with my pussy, ah, aaah. Opening it up with, my fingers, and
looking inside, aaah, excites me...!"
Gretel: "Y-You did something like that, Lady Yuika...?"
Gretel's body shivers at this new discovery.
Yuika usually never showed any interest in sexual matters, and so her confession strikes him as
particularly shocking.
The gravity of that shock, however, only makes his affection for Yuika deepen.
Gretel: "Aaah... Lady Yuika... To think you did such things when no one was looking..."
Yuika: "Haaaa, I-I'm, I'm sorry! But, ah, ah, I love it! Masturbating, while, looking at the mirror... Aaah, I...
I love masturbating!"
Yuika: "T-Touching my, c-clitoris, aah, and putting my fingers inside, aah, aaah, it feels good, I love it!"
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha! You're good at getting off then, huh?!"
Yuika: "But, but this, aaah, when you twist my nipples, ah, aaaah, and the tentacles, stir up my pussy, nnn,
it feels better! It's amazing... Ah, aaaah, aaaaah, my pussy feels so good!"
Yuika
(Aaah, I said it... I told them I masturbate in front of a mirror...)
Yuika
(But I love it. I love spreading out my pussy and looking at it in the mirror.)
Yuika
(It's embarrassing, but... my body's getting hot... Having my pussy churned up feels too good...)
Her lust swells up to its limits, causing love juices to squirt from her privates.
She hasn't quite climaxed yet, but it's only a matter of time.
Rapunzel's tentacles persist in churning up her vagina, causing waves of pleasure to wash over Yuika
from the top of her head to her fingertips.
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, this is great. Can you tell how wet you are? Your pussy's a sopping mess!"
Yuika
(Aaah, I can hear the sounds from down there. It's such a wet, lewd squelching sound... My pussy's
a sopping mess...)
Rapunzel: "Did you actually always like it better like this? Were you always such a horny slutty pussy that
wanted to get raped?"
Yuika
(I-I love it! I love having my pussy messed up, I love being wet, I love having a sopping, dripping
pussy, I love being a horny, slutty pussy!)
Yuika
(I wish I could always feel like this... I wish they'd tease my wet pussy forever, so that I could
forever bask in this feeling!)
Gretel: "U-Ugh..."
A moan escapes Gretel's lips as he watches Yuika's ecstatic reactions.
Of course, he would love nothing more than to take part in this act.
But to him, Yuika is essentially God.
He can hardly unleash his lust on the target of his worship.
Gretel: "Wh-What am I to do...?!"
With Yuika acting so shamefully right before his eyes, he knows he won't be able to restrain his lust
for much longer.
His penis stands erect and swollen, screaming in desire to taste Yuika's mouth again.
Rapunzel: "If it's that hard on you, why not just stick it down her throat again?"
Gretel: "I-I cannot simply..."
Rapunzel: "You'd like that better too, wouldn't you? If he jams his dick in your mouth again, you'd be able to
slurp on some blood while you suck him off."
Yuika
(Blood...?!)
Yuika's heart skips a beat at the sound of that word.
It's as though she'd suddenly remembered something she'd forgotten.
Yuika: "Blood... Aaah, bloooood...!"
Rapunzel: "You heard her."
Gretel: "L-Lady Yuika... Truly...?"
Yuika: "I-I want it, aaah... Blood, ah... Gretel, aaaah, your blood... Give me your blood, like before...!"
Yuika: "Your dick... Your cock, give it to me. P-Put it in my mouth, like earlier, and let me drink your
blood!"
Rapunzel: "Not like that. You mean, 'Please stick your cock in my mouth and let me suck you off,' right?"
Yuika: "Your cock! Please, put your cock in... In my mouth, and let me suck you off!"
Gretel: "O-Ooooh...!"
Shivers run through Gretel.
This is the first time Yuika had ever implored him for anything.
What he's experiencing is beyond mere joy. What is happening before him now is a miracle.
Yuika: "Aaah, haaaaa, hurry, your cock, mm, ah, please, h-huuuuurry, aah, your blood... Give me your
bloooooood!"
Yuika: "B-Blood, hurry, blood, cock, put it in, your cock, put in your cock, your blood, aaah, your blood, I
want it, blood, blood, c-cock, mm, haaa, huuuuurry!"
Gretel: "Lady Yuika... Since you're asking for it so much, I..."
The moans caused by the tentacles writhing in her vagina are causing her mouth to hang open
wide.
It's as if she's expectantly waiting for Gretel to insert his penis.
And then...
Gretel: "Ugh... Ooooooooooooooooooooh!"
Yuika: "Fghaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
His dick plunges into her mouth.
He pushes in with such vigor that the tip immediately slips all the way to the back of Yuika's throat.
Yuika
(Aaah, there it is... There it is!)
Gretel's blood seeps down her throat.
It's barely a trickle of blood, but it is more than enough to make the excitement in her body
skyrocket.
Gretel: "Ugh, mmm, aaaah...!"
Rapunzel: "Wait, don't tell me you're gonna cum so quickly again!"
Gretel: "I will not... repeat the failures of last time..."
Restraining his urge to ejaculate, Gretel ravishes Yuika's mouth.
Moving his long, stretchy penis in and out of her mouth, he rubs himself against her lips and coils
around her tongue.
Yuika
(This feeling... This taste... It's blood... A living creature's blood...)
Yuika
(Aaah, I can feel it trickling from his dick... and flowing inside me...)
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, look at her face. She's cumming her brains out."
Rapunzel: "Hey, does Gretel's dick taste that good?"
Yuika: "Nnng, ugh, haa, taishty, schlurp, dick, oh, nnng, schlup, schlup, blood, sluuurp, taishty, nnnng!"
Yuika: "More, nnng, dick, mmm, nnng, inside, schlurp, mm, thrust dick, nnng, deeper, mm, nnng!"
Gretel: "By your will...!"
Yuika: "ーNnnnnnnng?!"
Yuika
(Yeees! It's in, his dick is in!! His dick is iiiiiiiiin! His blood candy dick is iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin!)
As his flesh rages in her mouth, her mind explodes with joy.
The clear flavor of blood soaking into her tongue causes her heart to soar with excitement.
Her lower half is shockingly sensitive to the tentacles twirling inside it, making her repeatedly writhe
as if being electrocuted.
Rapunzel: "Ahahahaha! This is great! The best thing ever!"
Gretel: "Aaaah... L-Lady Yuika..."
With Rapunzel and Gretel this excited, they draw closer to the climax.
Gretel's dick in particular is as erect as it can possibly be.
Yuika: "Nhmaaa, slurp, slurp, blood... This taste... Nnng... So good... Slurp, sluuuuurp, more, give me
lots..."
Gretel: "Aaaah, you are sucking on me so hard...!"
Alice: "This woman really has become slutty, hasn't she...?"
Rapunzel: "The only thing on her mind now is blood... No, that's not all. She wants cum, too."
Yuika: "Nnng, ugh, sluuurp, mhaaaa, cuuuuuum...!"
The memory of how Gretel's semen tasted runs through her mind.
At the time, she loathed it, but by now she thinks of it as precious.
Yuika
(I want it...!)
Her heart screams out in wanton desire.
Yuika
(I want cum...!)
Yuika
(I want blood... But that's not all I want... I want semen, too... I want cum... I want it so much it
drives me crazy...!)
Yuika: "Cuuuuuuuuum, mmm, nnng, schlrp, sluuuuurp, I want cuuuuum!"
Alice: "She's completely broken."
Gretel: "O-Ooooooooooh!"
Yuika: "Nnnnnnghaaaa?!"
Gretel starts moving his cock, more excited than ever before.
As if to keep up with Gretel, Rapunzel picks up the pace of his tentacles' writhing inside her as
well.
Yuika's body is jolted up and down, her mouth and genitals spurting all kinds of fluids.
Yuika
(I want it! I want it! I want cuuuuuuuum!)
Yuika
(Spunk! Jizz! Cuuuuuuuuuum! I waaaaaant cuuuuuuuuuuuuum!)
Yuika: "Schlurp, sluuuuuuurp.... Mmmmmmm!"
Gretel: "Ugh, aah... I can't hold back any longer!"
Rapunzel: "Yeah... We're gonna spill it all inside you."
Yuika: "Schlrp, mm, nnnng... Bfhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Yuika: "Nnnnnnnnnnnnng...!"
White, cloudy fluid floods both her mouth and vagina.
Her body spasms and shakes as she basks in the warmth and sensation of it all.
Yuika: "Nnng, uh, nhaa... Gulp... Gulp... Gulp...!"
Yuika
(Aaaah... This taste... A mix of blood and cum... It's so gooooood...)
Gretel: "Ugh... Ah, kuh..."
Rapunzel: "Phew... Ahahah, finally... We did it."
Yuika: "Nnng... Khaa... Aaah..."
Whatever semen she fails to swallow drips out of her mouth, soiling the rest of her body.
Another surge of cum pours out of her crotch like a waterfall, filling the room with the putrid smell
of semen.
Yuika
(It's flowing into my throat... and my body... It's so hot... and thick... There's cum... spreading inside
me...!)
Yuika: "ーBfhhaa?!"
The penis and tentacles withdraw from her body.
Even that movement is pleasurable, causing her body to give a final jerk of joy.
Yuika: "Aaaah... Haa... It feels... gooooood..."
She stares up into space, her mind completely blanked out.
A sense of liberation washes over her, as if she's been set free in both mind and body.
Feeling the taste of blood on her tongue, Yuika's lips contort into a faint smile...
Rapunzel: "All right, it's about time we end this."
Yuika: "Ah... Huh...?"
Hearing Rapunzel's words, she turns her vacant gaze toward him.
It's been a few minutes since they'd ejaculated inside her.
An odd atmosphere permeates the room.
Alice: "Finally."
Rapunzel: "I'd say we satisfied her well enough. Now to dispose of her."
Gretel: "Lady Yuika, I shall give unto you an unknowable experience..."
Yuika: "Huh...?"
Yuika manages to squeeze out that sound from her throat.
She has no idea what's about to become of her.
Rapunzel: "Okay, let's get this started, then."
Yuika: "Ngaaaah?!"
Rapunzel's tentacles suddenly invade her rectum.
The overly forceful act wrings a hoarse scream from her throat.
Unlike her vagina, her rectum is mostly dry. All she feels from it is piercing pain.
Yuika: "Wh-What are you...?! Ugh, aaaah...!"
Rapunzel: "Something even more amazing than before."
Rapunzel: "Something you can only experience once in a lifetime. Relish it."
Yuika: "What are you doing...?!"
Yuika: "Ugh, ooooooh...!"
Rapunzel's tentacles have penetrated all the way into her rectum.
This utterly illogical act makes her eyes widen in shock and pain.
She can't understand why they're doing this.
Or, to be more exact, Yuika had temporarily forgotten the fact that Rapunzel loathes her.
Her confusion does nothing to slow the burrowing of the tentacles into her flesh.
With no way to resist, she can only writhe and moan in reaction to the pain coursing through her
body.
Yuika: "Hii, aaaaaah! S-Stop... Take it out! Pull it out!"
Yuika: "Gretel, stop him!"
Gretel: "Bear with it, Lady Yuika. Beyond here spans a whole new world."
Yuika: "What the... hell are you saying?!"
Rapunzel's actions are confusing enough already; that Gretel is cooperating with him makes even
less sense to her.
He had worshipped her fanatically thus far, so why is he working together with Rapunzel now?
Even if he's a Vampire now, his betrayal seems entirely unlike him.
Yuika: "Nnnnngh! M-My stomach... Nnng, i-it's ripping!"
Rapunzel: "Don't worry. I passed through your intestines gently. I didn't rip anything."
Rapunzel: "Though now, I'm gonna start smashing you into pulp."
Yuika: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!"
The tentacles climb through the insides of her body.
From her rectum up to her large intestines...
From her large intestines to her small intestines...
They're not finished there, for they coil even further up, pushing all the way to the bottom of her
stomach.
Yuika: "Ngh, eeh... Gaaaaah!"
A voice unlike anything Yuika had ever produced before escapes her lips.
The pain engulfing the entirety of her lower half makes her howl in agony.
She desperately thrashes her body, but Alice holds her tightly. Between him and the barbed wire
keeping her bound, she can't do anything to escape the tentacles.
Gretel: "How is it, Lady Yuika? You've never felt anything like this before, yes?"
Gretel: "Right now, you have the body of a Vampire. You won't die easily. So please, calm yourself."
Gretel: "...Aaaah, how I look forward to it..."
Yuika: "Ngaaah, ugh, bfhaaa...!"
Yuika
(Look forward to what?)
She furrows her brow upon hearing his murmuring.
She can't tell what he meant, but it seems he has no intent of helping her.
Rapunzel, meanwhile, is clearly trying to kill her.
If she doesn't do something fast, it's only a matter of time until she dies.
Rapunzel: "Okaaay, let's go even deeper!"
Yuika: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
The tentacles encroach even deeper, pushing through her stomach now.
Soon their tips enter her esophagus, filling her with even more intense pain.
Yuika: "Sh-Shtop, it, guh, aaaaaaah!"
Alice: "Guess she's helpless when we're attacking her from the inside, eh?"
Rapunzel: "Even a Hunter from the Association would be done for if subjected to this."
Rapunzel: "C'mon now, my tentacles are gonna scrub your insides nice and clean!"
Yuika: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Ngh, gaaaaaaaaah! I-It huuuuurts! It hurts, it hurts, it huuuuuuuurts!"
She howls and bellows in response to the intense pain tormenting her.
Her fights with Vampires had injured her from head to toe in the past, but this is the first time she's
ever screamed so much.
The fear of certain death grips her heart.
She had thought that she was disciplined enough to remain strong at all times, but her resolve is
worthless now.
Yuika
(I'm going to die... They're going to kill me...!)
Her body shivers.
Tears well up in her eyes.
Just how much more agony will she be subjected to before she's killed?
Contemplating that question renders her incapable of doing anything other than shaking like a leaf.
Alice: "Oh. She finally succumbed to terror."
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha! That's right, you better be afraid."
Rapunzel: "Because the real pain, fear, and agony... are only about to begin!"
Yuika: "Guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh!"
Rapunzel's tentacles finally reach her throat.
Not only is she in agonizing pain now, but she can no longer breathe. Everything is starting to go
white.
Her mouth unconsciously flaps open, but no oxygen is making it into her lungs.
Yuika
(I'm... going to die? Are these tentacles going to block my throat... until I choke to death?)
Yuika
(No, not like this... If I have to die... If I have to get killed somehow, then...)
The memory of how shamefully she'd acted earlier causes regret to wash over her.
If she's to die here, then she would have preferred to have kept her dignity.
Yuika
(Even if I become a Vampire in body, my heart could have stayed human. I'd have died proudly...)
Fat tears roll down her cheeks as embarrassment and regret overwhelm her.
Rapunzel: "You afraid to die? Well, don't worry. All I have to do is undulate my tentacles a bit... and you'll get
a teensy bit of oxygen."
Rapunzel: "This is how skillful my control over my tentacles is. It's cruel enough to keep you in total agony,
but delicate enough to give you enough oxygen to keep you from croaking on us."
Yuika: "Gah... Ah... Haa..."
The tentacles writhe inside her, as if to illustrate his point.
Those movements, for the briefest of moments, allow a scant amount of air to enter her lungs.
Of course, it's hardly enough for her to take a proper breath.
If anything, the fact she can't escape into unconsciousness only serves to intensify her suffering.
Alice: "You're really good at this, huh?"
Rapunzel: "Nah, you ain't seen nothin' yet. This is where I really..."
Yuika: "Fgaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Rapunzel: "...Start moving things."
Suddenly, the tentacle's tip sticks out from between Yuika's lips.
It had been stuck in her throat up until now, but now it forcibly shoves its way out of her mouth.
Yuika: "Nnnngah, eh... Gaaah...!"
Rapunzel: "Well? Can you see it? Now you're completely spitroasted."
Gretel: "Oooh, Lady Yuika... This sight is so..."
Rapunzel: "Getting your pussy plowed felt great, right? So here's a special freebie, from me to you."
Rapunzel: "This time... I'll plow you from your ass all the way out your mouth."
Yuika: "ーGaaaaaaah?!"
The tentacles draw back now.
They vacate her throat, retreating all the way deep into her belly, finally allowing her to breathe
freely.
Yuika: "Haa, haa, haa, haa, haa...!"
Yuika: "Wh-What are you... doingー"
Yuika: "FghaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa?!"
And just like that, the tentacles burst out of her mouth once again.
Her eyes widen as her body convulses uncontrollably.
Her insides feel like they're on fire; the pain becomes so intense she can feel her sanity threatening
to snap. She can't even identify exactly which part of her body hurts.
Saliva spills from her mouth like a waterfall, forming trails from her chin down to her throat.
Rapunzel: "Your screams have a better ring to them than I imagined. Fucking perfect."
Gretel: "So you finally realize just how lovely Lady Yuika really is."
Rapunzel: "Yeah... I totally get it now."
Rapunzel: "Then let's hear more of it, shall we?"
Rapunzel's tentacles start moving in a vehement rhythm.
They move in and out of her mouth, back and forth, as if trying to rub against her insides.
It's sheer torture.
It's not the pain that makes her body shiver, though, but the feeling of being suffocated.
Yuika
(I'm going to die... This is going to really kill me, but... if that's the case, just kill me already!)
Yuika
(Snap my neck, stab me through the heart, there's a million fucking other ways you could do it!)
Her heart is crying out in agony.
However, those thoughts of hers don't reach Rapunzel. Even if they did, he would never grant her
such wishes.
He intends to keep Yuika alive for as long as he can in order to indulge the grudge he'd built up
against her.
Alice: "I figured I'd fight you given the chance, but I guess I don't need to do that anymore."
Rapunzel: "You could fight her now if you really want to? Now that she's a vampire, she's probably stronger
than before."
Alice: "No. She's not interesting anymore."
Alice shakes his head tiredly.
He has a libido of his own, of course, but his tastes are utterly different than those of Rapunzel's.
It's not in his nature to rape someone he has no interest in. At this point, he's simply playing along
with Rapunzel's whims.
Yuika
(No... I don't want to die like this...)
Yuika
(But if you're not going to let me die now... at least let me pass out... I don't... even want to breathe
anymore...)
Her pained sobs send more saliva spilling from her mouth.
Her inability to choose her own death leaves her all the more tormented by pain and horror.
An intense gag reflex builds up in her chest, but the tentacles clogging her throat prevent her from
vomiting.
Gretel: "Is this gonna take you much longer, Rapunzel?"
Rapunzel: "Be patient, dammit. This is our first and last chance to do this."
Gretel: "But I'm at my limit already. My body won't stop shaking in anticipation."
Rapunzel: "Ugh, fine. I wanted to play with her a bit longer, but... Eh, whatever, her reactions are getting
repetitive anyway."
Rapunzel's tentacles move even more violently than before.
They thrash as if to scramble Yuika's internal organs, continually pushing from her anus all the way
up to her mouth.
Yuika
(.........)
Yuika's consciousness begins to fade, though her eyes remain open.
Crushed underneath so much agony and pain, she cannot maintain her sanity.
Her sense of touch is fleeing her body. Fluids drip from her orifices: yellow from her genitals, and
brown from her anus.
Her former subordinates put Yuika on display in the most shameful fashion imaginable.
Rapunzel: "And now... with this..."
Yuika: "ーHaaa?!"
The tentacles retract back to the depths of her body.
And then...
Rapunzel: "It's time to finish you off."
Yuika: "FgaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
The tentacles entirely push out from her mouth.
The tips of the tentacles spurt with white juices more vigorously than ever before.
Yuika: "...! ......! .........!"
Her body spasms painfully as her esophagus is completely clogged, preventing her from breathing.
She struggles for breath, but no air comes in.
Feeling mucus rain down on her skin, she tastes true despair.
Yuika
(I'm going to die... Going to die... Die...!)
Her body convulses like never before.
She spasms in irregular intervals like a broken toy. With each wave of contractions, her anus erupts
with a mixture of fluids and feces.
ーThis time, I really am going to die.
As her consciousness fades, Yuika realizes this with terrible clarity.
These are her final moments. She has finally completely relinquished her grip on the will to live.
Yuika: "Gaaah?!"
The tentacles once again pull back into her body.
With her esophagus cleared, fresh air flows back into her lungs.
Her consciousness stabilizes as she draws breath once again.
Yuika: "Haaa, haaa, haaa, aaaah, haaa, aaaaah!"
Her eyes go as wide as saucers as she desperately sucks in air.
She was so sure that she was about to be killed right then and there that the fact she's allowed to
breathe again comes as a surprise to her.
Yet it doesn't feel as though she's been saved in any way.
All she feels is anxiety; what are they going to do to her next, now that they've kept her alive a
while longer?
Rapunzel: "Now then... You know, Alice and I kept rebelling, but Gretel really served you from the bottom of
his heart. You can admit that much, yeah?"
Rapunzel: "And so... You should probably give him something along the lines of a severance package,
y'know?"
Yuika: "Ugh... Ah...?"
She doesn't understand what he's saying.
What's this talk of severance packages at a time like this?
When her muddled thoughts turn the question over in an attempt to produce an answer, it makes
itself clear in the form of terrible.
Yuika: "GyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaAaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
She suddenly screams.
Her body is filled with a new pain unlike anything else she'd felt before, recent events included.
Yuika: "Bfaah?!"
Something is building up in her throat.
Her mouth fills with the taste of blood.
Just what is happening to her?
She can't even begin to imagine the state her body must be in right now.
Her gaze swerves toward Rapunzel in search of an answer, but she can't bring herself to mouth the
question.
Rapunzel: "Here we go. First one's up."
Yuika: "Bgaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Rapunzel's tentacles burst out of her mouth again.
Unlike before, though, they seem to be holding something they pulled out from her body.
Yuika: "...! ...?!"
A bloodstained lump of flesh.
She doesn't quite recognize it by sight, but Yuika already knows what it is with dreadful clarity.
She know that this is...
Yuika
(Did he just... pull out my organs...?!)
Rapunzel: "Go on, have them while they're fresh."
The tentacles place their prize onto her chest.
Gretel: "Oooh... Simply beautiful. So these are Lady Yuika's..."
Rapunzel: "You wanted to become one with her, yeah? Then do it right in front of her eyes."
Gretel: "Ooh... Ooooooooh..."
Gretel grabs her intestines with shaking hands.
He lifts them over his head before placing them inside his cloth bag. A long, ragged breath escapes
him.
Yuika: "Gg... haa...!"
Yuika
(Stop, don't! What are you doing?! D-Don't look at... that! Don't touch it!)
Gretel: "Mmm... Mhaa... Nn, nng..."
Yuika: "...!"
Yuika
(...No way.)
Yuika can't believe what she's seeing.
While it's hidden behind the sack, she can imagine the grim spectacle inside of it easily enough.
Yuika
(He's... eating them?)
The sound of wheezing echoes in her ears.
She hasn't yet realized that it's the sound of her own breathing.
The scene before her is utterly nightmarish.
She vehemently refuses to admit that any of it is actually happening.
She's so deeply in shock that she doesn't even know how to respond.
Rapunzel: "Let's go with this bit next."
Yuika: "Gaaaah...!"
The tentacles once again retreat into her body.
However, that's only the prelude for the next nightmare in store.
Rapunzel: "See, you need to coil the tentacles around it like this... and then yank it out in one go!"
Yuika
"GaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaah?!
Pain overwhelms her once again.
As the tentacles shoot up and out of her throat, she once again feels something else get pulled out
from within her.
Yuika
(Ah.........)
The world goes dark.
Everything in front of her starts turning dark, so she can't register what's being dangled before her
eyes.
Rapunzel: "How about this? I got another juicy one out."
Gretel: "I believe that's her pancreas? It has such a lovely color to it."
Gretel starts to eat it as well, just like the other organ from before.
He opens his mouth underneath the cloth bag and devours her severed viscera.
And then the tentacles pull back in again.
Even Yuika's addled consciousness already knows what's coming next.
Rapunzel: "Ooh, I think I hooked a good one right around here."
Yuika: "Bwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...!"
The terrible act continues.
Yuika: "Eh, gaaah, oh, fgahaaaaaaah...!"
Something long is pulled out of Yuika's mouth.
Yuika is long beyond being able to understand, but this is her large intestine.
At this point, the interior of her body is utterly torn to shreds.
Blood pours in a river from her mouth as her body jerks and spasms.
Gretel: "This would be the large intestine, I think."
Rapunzel: "Figured I'd pull out the part that's most full of shit for you, heh."
Gretel: "Your consideration is touching."
Gretel: "This color, this sheen... They all show how healthy you are, Lady Yuika. I can tell how much
you've taken care of yourself."
Gretel: "Mmm... Nnng, this is...!"
Accepting Yuika's large intestine from Rapunzel's tentacles, Gretel begins feasting on it.
Alice: "Just looking at you makes me sick."
Rapunzel: "Nah, don't listen to him, watching you's a fucking blast."
Gretel: "Ooh... Such noble bitterness..."
Alice: "Quiet in the peanut gallery."
Yuika: "Aah... Ah... Ha... Ah..."
Although she can hear their exchange, Yuika can't muster any kind of response.
Her breaths are already weakening as she inches toward death.
The only reason she's still alive is because her body is already turning into that of a Vampire.
Yuika
(I'm not dying... even when I'm like this... I really am... becoming a Vampire...)
Yuika
(It's not that I... never considered this might happen to me, but... I intended to at least... die a more
gallant death than this...)
Yuika
(I never wanted to... To die like his.. To be toyed with like this...)
That thought surfaces amidst her faltering consciousness.
While she's given up on her life by now, her wish to die honorably remains.
Yuika
(Aaah... If only I could... a little... Really. just a little...)
Yuika
(I wish I could... die like a girl....)
Rapunzel: "Okay, what's next on the menu...?"
Yuika: "Nnnnnnng.... Egh...!"
Another internal organ is torn out and dragged out into the open air.
Gretel then eats it...
...Then the tentacle plunges back into Yuika's body.
Yuika: "Geh....!"
The act repeats several times over.
They continue drawing out Yuika's internal organs as they watch Yuika's life drain from her body.
They don't respect her impending death at all.
As far as Alice and Rapunzel are concerned, this is just a source of amusement; a pastime.
As for Gretel, this is a sacred ritual where he becomes one with Yuika.
Once most of her internal organs have been pulled out...
Yuika: "Ugaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Yuika gives one final jerk, after which all the strength drains from her body.
It's clearly different from any other reaction she's given so far.
Everyone immediately notices the change.
Rapunzel: "Oh, shit... That's her heart."
Yuika: "Bha... ugh... Aaah..."
Gretel: "Her heart?! H-Hurry, you must....!"
Rapunzel: "Chill, man, she's not gonna croak on us that easily."
Rapunzel: "Hey, what does it feel like, having your heart pulled out?"
Yuika: "..."
Rapunzel: "Hellooooo? Don't go dying on me. Doesn't feel like I finished you off just yet."
Yuika: "........."
Rapunzel: "Tch, your heart's actually stopped. Fine, I'll massage it, so wake back up!"
Gently moving his tentacles, he starts resuscitating her removed heart.
He doesn't actually have any idea if this will revive her. He's only doing it on a vague hunch.
Rapunzel: "C'mon, hold on, stay with us."
In reality, the chances of her actually coming back to life are close to zero.
But that sliver of a chance...
Yuika: "Gaaaah...!"
...Quite unfortunately comes true, and cruelly pulls Yuika back to life.
Rapunzel: "Oh, holy fuck, it actually worked! Jesus, you're tough! Fucking monster!"
Alice: "I think she'd be better off dead, though."
Rapunzel: "Hey, Gretel, you got any final words for her? She's probably gonna croak again in a minute."
Gretel: "Of course. Ah, I can't wait to hold Lady Yuika's heart in my own two hands..."
Yuika: "Ugh... Ah, ah... O...oh..."
All Yuika can see is a world of blank white.
She herself doesn't quite understand what's happening to her.
Though her body is completely numb and mostly devoid of sensation, the pain hasn't completely
disappeared.
Yuika
(M-My... h-hea...rt.....)
Her thoughts, however, are oddly clear.
She can somehow clearly piece together what's happening to her.
Yuika
(Put it back... Put... Put my heart back...)
Yuika
(Hurry... Put it back inside... my body... Or I'll die...)
Terror overcomes her.
The knowledge that the contents of her body are being removed scares her to the point of tears.
Gretel: "Lady Yuika, I will... accept and inherit your heart."
Gretel slowly reaches out for it.
His fingers are shivering, perhaps out of excitement.
Yuika
(No... That's, mine...)
Yuika
(If you take it, I'll... I'll, die....)
It is a wholly unnatural spectacle.
She's watching her heart get ripped from her body and placed into the hands of another.
Yuika
(Don't take it away... Please... I'm begging you, don't... take it, away...)
Rapunzel: "Hey, you hear me? These are probably your final moments, so let me tell you this."
Rapunzel: "We've been under your care for a long time. As thanks, I'll crush your body to bits and scatter it
into the sea as food for the fishes."
Rapunzel: "Go ahead, Gretel."
Gretel: "In that case... Lady Yuika, come on over here..."
Yuika
(Ah.........)
After that final mental utterance, her consciousness cuts off.
A final jolt ripples through her body, and then her eyes roll back into her skull.
Alice: "Yeah, this time she's a goner."
Rapunzel: "Serves the fucking bitch right."
Gretel: "Ooh, her heart... Lady Yuika's heart... What a glorious, divine sight...!"
Gretel: "I cannot afford to eat such a heavenly gift while wearing this unsightly thing."
Lifting the sack up over his head to remove it with one hand, he keeps hold of her heart in his
other.
Gretel: "And now, for me to truly become one with Lady Yuika..."
Gretel: "Thank you for this divine feast."
His jaws open wide, and then he begins munching down on Yuika's heart.
As they watch this sight...
...Alice and Rapunzel gape in horror, not at the sight of Gretel eating Yuika's heart, but at his true
face, hidden beneath the sack.
Rapunzel: "For real...?"
Alice: "So that's what you look like."
Rapunzel: "You're a, what do humans call it again? A stud...?"
Unable to think of how to respond to this revelation, Rapunzel simply retracts all his tentacles.
All that remains before the three former Hunters is the gruesome sight of Yuika's corpse.
That is how the huntress' life comes to an end: dripping with blood, semen, and all manner of
bodily fluids.
The curtain falls on her days of hunting Vampires for the Association, without any reward or
recompense...
Gretel: "Yes... it truly was a wonderful time."
Some time has passed since the trio brutally murdered Yuika.
The trio make their way to Chisakura's shores and watch the sun climb over the horizon.
Gretel: "It is as if the sun is blessing the beginning of our new lives."
Gretel shows no regret whatsoever.
If anything, the belief that he's truly become one with Yuika makes him shiver in excitement.
Rapunzel: "Well, I'm satisfied."
Alice: "So this is what being free is like, even if it is just temporary freedom."
Gretel: "But... now I will no longer be able to exchange words with Lady Yuika. What are we to do next?"
Rapunzel: "Stop being such a wuss. If you wanna work under a woman that much, just find someone else."
Gretel: "No woman can ever replace Lady Yuika."
Rapunzel: "Keh, you never change, do you...?"
Gretel: "Yes, no woman can take her place. From now on, I must make my own choices."
Gretel: "I'm sure that's how she... How that Vampire girl intends to live on."
By the time the three of them noticed her absence, Shizuha was already long gone.
She had taken Yuna's head with her...
Rapunzel: "I don't care about her anymore. Not like we have to hunt Vampires for the Association any longer."
Gretel: "Precisely. We are free. Truly, how wonderful."
Gretel: "It is as if the rising sun extends its blessings toward us, as well."
Rapunzel: "Wait, aren't you a Vampire? Can you really walk under the sun?"
Gretel: "It does make me feel a little sluggish, but the fact that's all I feel must be attributed to Lady Yuika's
protection."
Rapunzel: "Keh, no matter what, you're always Lady Yuika this, Lady Yuika that..."
Alice: "I'm off. If I keep travelling, it won't be long before I run into the next strong opponent."
Rapunzel: "You combat junkie... The Hunters are gonna waste you."
Alice: "I'll take care so that doesn't happen."
With that, Alice leaves without turning back.
After watching his retreating figure, Rapunzel too starts to walk off in the opposite direction.
Rapunzel: "Goodbye, I guess. I don't imagine we'll ever meet again, so let me say one thing before it's all
over."
Rapunzel: "I hope you die facedown in a ditch somewhere, you introverted fuck."
Gretel: "Fare thee well, Rapunzel. The fact I could keep Lady Yuika safe from you to the very end is my
greatest source of pride."
Rapunzel: "...A drag to the very end, aren't you?"
Despite his biting words, Rapunzel does give Gretel a final carefree wave before he disappears.
Only Gretel remains now. Gazing at the rising sun, he thinks of Yuikaーwhom he can clearly see in
the red glow of the morning lightーand speaks to her.
Gretel: "Lady Yuika... It seems I'm the only one to have truly sworn fealty to you."
Gretel: "Let us set forth, together. We have become one at long last. Even if we never speak again, my
loyalty for you will never waver."
Gretel: "Let us go somewhere far away... to where no one will ever come between us..."
Placing a hand over his heart, Gretel also steps forward.
With that, the battle in Chisakura between the Vampires and the Hunters draws to a close.
The final tally: the death of two girls, the escape of one Vampire, and the liberation of three
biological weapons.
The trio's future likely has much in store for them, but that's another story for another day.
And so, the curtain falls on the stage of Chisakura...
Ｙｕｎａ: "No, enough. This is too much of a risky gamble."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, this is over. We don't have the leisure to indulge in sex right now."
Shizuha: "Huh...? Ah..."
Yuna grabs Shizuha by the arm, pulling her away from Kotofuki.
Transparent love juices drip from their conjoined genitals, forming puddles on the floor.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Okay, get yourself cleaned up and dressed, please."
Shizuha: "But..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "No buts. Consider the situation for a second. A Hunter could show up at any moment."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And, you. Go and suck blood out of everyone you can in this club, got it?"
Kotofuki: "Y-Yes."
Ｙｕｎａ: "All right. Once you've turned ten people, feel free to do as you will."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Like... maybe go rape the girl you like."
Kotofuki: "The girl I... like..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Go on, now. Good luck out there."
Yuna winks as if to titillate Kotofuki, who still has his lower body exposed.
With a small, dazed smile gradually overtaking his features, Kotofuki walks off toward the stage
where the dancing continues at full force.
Ｙｕｎａ: "That should buy us some time."
They can't afford to be complacent, now that there were Hunters prowling the city.
Their only means of escaping Chisakura, an artificial island city, is to cross the large bridge leading
back to the mainland.
If any Hunters are lying in ambush there, they'll have to fight past them.
If that battle were a sure victory, there wouldn't be a problem, but Yuna doubts things will be that
simple when their opponents are experts in Vampire extermination.
It's not in Yuna's nature to be combative in the first place. She tries to avoid open hostilities
whenever possible.
Ｙｕｎａ: "If other Vampires start kicking up a fuss in the city, the Hunters will be forced to concentrate on
stopping that."
Ｙｕｎａ: "While they're busy with that, we cross the bridge... It's a pretty braindead plan, I'll admit, but it's the
only one we've got at the moment."
Clubgoer: "Aaaaaaaah?! What the fuck are you doing?!"
While Yuna thinks aloud, Kotofuki begins doing as he was ordered.
He bites one of the dancers' necks and sucks his blood.
Of course, this results in screams echoing through the club. A few of the other patrons tear
Kotofuki away from the man he just attacked.
Naturally, doing that only marks those men as Kotofuki's next victims...
Shizuha: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's go, Shizuha. The Hunters are gonna show up here sooner or later."
Shizuha: "...Right."
Shizuha's face is still red as she replies.
Her excitement hasn't quite died down yet. She wraps her arms around her body as if embracing
herself, as her thighs saw and fidget against each other.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Yuna's heart skips a beat.
Seeing Shizuha writhe so lustfully only serves to tickle her libido.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Look at that face you're making... What am I going to do with you?"
She knows they have to run as soon as possible.
But Yuna is as susceptible to a Vampire's unique sex drive as Shizuha is.
Of course, after watching Shizuha fornicate with Kotofuki just a few minutes ago, Yuna can feel her
that her own impulse is greatly agitated.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I can feel your scent, Shizuha... That sweet scent, like nectar..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm sure your blood is running hot inside your body right now."
Ｙｕｎａ: "That sweet, delicious blood of yours..."
Yuna licks her lips expectantly.
She then draws her body closer to Shizuha'sー
Shizuha: "Ah..."
ーAnd plants a gentle kiss on her neck.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I know we have to run away now... But now, in this moment, the only thing I want is to suck your
blood."
Shizuha: "Haa... Yuna..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And what am I to do with that desire, hmm...?"
Just sucking blood won't consume very much time.
However, the club is already in a state of chaos.
Kotofuki is attacking people left and right. Those who have already been converted have also begun
sucking other people's blood.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Just a bit won't hurt, will it...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I've decided. I'll suck your blood... just a bit."
Shizuha: "Aaaah?!"
Yuna's sharp fangs gouge into Shizuha's neck.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nn.... Mm, mm, mmm...!"
Shizuha: "Aaah... Haa... Aaaaah...!"
Shizuha lets out a shrill moan as Yuna sucks her blood.
Her body shivers with sweet pleasure as her cheeks flush even more deeply.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Your blood really is delicious..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Almost makes me want to suck you dry..."
Shizuha: "Mm, nnnnnng!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Maybe I ought to do that, actually."
Shizuha: "Kuh, aaah... Yunaaaa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'll abstain. The situation doesn't allow for it."
Shizuha: "Are you... sure?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't you worry, love. Once we're both safely out of this city, I'll drink you dry."
Shizuha: "Nnng...?!"
Yuna brings her face closer to Shizuha's and kisses her passionately on the lips.
Shizuha's eyes widen in shock, but before she even realizes what happened, Yuna has already pulled
her by the arm out of the club.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's go. We're both getting out of here, no matter what."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh, I'm only joking."
Yuna pulls back her lips with a mischievous smile.
Licking up a bit of blood from her lips, she turns her gaze toward the stage.
Ｙｕｎａ: "It's about time we get going. I got them to create a diversion for us, but it'll all be for nothing if we
just hang around here the whole time."
Shizuha: "Mm, haa... All right..."
Shizuha: "...Are you really satisfied with just this, Yuna?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'd say I did quite a lot here."
Shizuha: "I mean... Don't you want to suck more out of me?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Faced with Shizuha's moist, pleading eyes, Yuna feels her heart skip a beat once more.
Although she knows that now is certainly not the time for this, she's once again overtaken with a
desire to suck this girl's blood.
Ｙｕｎａ: "You little minx. Trying to seduce me at a time like this."
Shizuha: "Ah... That's not what I..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "But it's fine. Right... I'll be taking a good long taste of you once we've got a bit more time."
Ｙｕｎａ: "A long, thorough one. I'll be drinking from every nook and cranny you have."
Shizuha: "Ah..."
The moment Yuna's innuendo sinks in, Shizuha's face reddens ever further.
Having sex with Kotofuki did satisfy her some, but the only one who can truly and fully satiate her
cravings remains Yuna and Yuna alone.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's just go for now."
Shizuha: "...Right."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm... Just a little longer... Nn, mmm..."
Shizuha: "Ah, aaaaaaah!"
Shizuha lets out a scream as Yuna sucks up more of her blood.
While her neck is indeed in pain, every other region of her body is overwhelmed by pure pleasure.
Every bit of her, from the top of her head down to the tips of her fingers, tingles with pleasure
against the very air itself.
Her knees jerk and wobble as she gradually becomes incapable of standing upright.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, stay on your feet. We'll fall over at this rate..."
Shizuha: "Haa, haa... B-But..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "It feels good, hmm? Did you get wet again...?"
Shizuha: "You know already... I'm dripping down there..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh, saying that is only gonna make me even thirstier for you."
Ｙｕｎａ: "But we need to know when to stop. The Hunters could show up at any second."
Shizuha: "Ah..."
Yuna retreats from Shizuha's neck.
Licking her lips of the last few drops of Shizuha's blood sticking to them, Yuna turns her gaze to
the club's exit.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's go, before they get here."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah, you're irresistible. I can't restrain myself."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm... Mm... Mm... Mm... Mm..."
Shizuha: "Ah, haaa... Aaaaaaaaah...!"
Yuna sucks more of Shizuha's blood, even more strongly than before.
Yuna gulps audibly as she suckles from Shizuha's neck.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nn, guh, haa... Haaaaa....!"
Shizuha: "Haa... Haa... Haa... Haa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I don't know why, but... your blood tastes even better than usual today..."
Shizuha: "Yuna... M-More...."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm, mm, mmmm... Aaaaah..."
Sucking on Shizuha's blood until she's fully satisfied, Yuna lets out a nasal moan.
She eventually releases her lips from Shizuha's neck, her eyes full of rapture.
Ｙｕｎａ: "This is incredible. I feel like I'm in heaven."
Shizuha: "Haa... My body... feels like it's melting."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Such a shame... If only the Hunters weren't on their way here, I'd take you right here and fuck you
until we both turn to mush..."
Smiling gently, Yuna caresses Shizuha's face lovingly.
As much as they might want to linger in the afterglow, they know that doing so will guarantee them
being caught by the Hunters.
The most important thing for them to focus on right now is escaping Chisakura.
Repeating those words in her heart, Yuna takes Shizuha by the hand.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's go."
Shizuha: "Yeah."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I can hear screaming."
Not long after leaving the club, Yuna picks up the sounds of people crying out.
It's probably coming from the Vampires within.
The Hunters are likely attacking them this very moment.
Shizuha: "That was close."
Ｙｕｎａ: "It's strange. I thought we put a lot of distance between us and them, but they caught up to us really
quickly."
Ｙｕｎａ: "It's like they can tell where we are..."
Overcome by this odd sense of foreboding, Yuna hurries them both toward the bridge.
She had thought that she could fool the Hunters by using other Vampires as a diversion, but it
seems that things won't be that simple.
Indeed, Yuika is tracking them with her special glasses right now, but Yuna and Shizuha have no
way of knowing that.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Yuna can feel some kind of presence creeping on them from behind.
Maybe it's just her tense nerves playing tricks on her, but she can't help but feel that something is
intently approaching them.
Ｙｕｎａ: "No other choice, is there...?"
Shizuha: "What's wrong?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "If they have some way to track Vampires, running around on our own is pointless."
Ｙｕｎａ: "It won't matter where we run... Even if we escape this city, they'll always be coming right at us."
Shizuha: "What do we do, then...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "For the time being..."
As she speaks to Shizuha, Yuna turns her gaze to a nearby vending machine.
Standing next to it is a group of men and women, chatting loudly as they sip on cans of beer and
juice.
Ｙｕｎａ: "We can only keep leaving behind more distractions."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa... The bridge should be right around the corner."
Jogging through Chisakura's streets, Yuna lets out a sigh of relief.
Shizuha: "..."
Shizuha doesn't reply, however, throwing the occasional rueful gaze at Yuna's back.
The fate of the group they had met at the vending machine weighs heavily on her mind.
Yuna had sucked their blood and turned them into Vampires, using them as distractions to cover
their escape.
She'd told them there would be Hunters pursuing them, and ordered them to scatter and flee within
Chisakura.
By now, a few of them might have already been captured or killed.
The thought of that happening makes Shizuha feel as if her heart is being squeezed by a vice.
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're still worried about them?"
Shizuha: "...Yeah."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Well, that's just what happens when you walk around the streets at night. If they didn't want to be
in danger, they should have stayed indoors."
Shizuha: "I mean, yeah, maybe, but..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "It's not that I don't understand how you feel, but we can't afford to fret over them right now."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Just one Hunter is enough of a hassle, and we have four to contend with."
She hadn't seen them directly, but Yuna is confident of their numbers.
Their opponents this time aren't merely strong; the Hunters also outnumber them.
Her intuition clearly warns her that they mustn't fight these Hunters head-on.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Now, all that's left is to go through here... Do we go left or right?"
Shizuha: "Are you lost?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "No. Both should take us to the bridge."
Ｙｕｎａ: "The question is whether there are Hunters lying in wait past here. There might be no one down
either path, or maybe there are ambushes in both directions..."
They have no way of knowing how strong their opponents are.
They can't even be sure that more Hunters haven't arrived in the city.
With those dangers in mind, they must pick their next move with care in order to survive.
Shizuha: "Yuna? Aren't we going?"
Shizuha cocks her head quizzically after noticing Yuna had stopped in her tracks.
Yuna's mind, at this moment, is in fact thinking of Shizuha.
She, too, is a Vampire, although her timid nature makes her a relatively harmless one.
On top of that, she's far from physically adept. She outright fears the idea of violence.
If a Hunter were to find them, it would fall to Yuna to fight them alone.
Ｙｕｎａ: "A fork in the road...?"
It gives Yuna an idea.
While they can continue running away together, splitting up might be an option.
Ｙｕｎａ
(If the enemy has to split their forces, it means we'll individually have a better chance of getting
away.)
Ｙｕｎａ
(And if we stop in some other town along the way, we can turn the people there into Vampires and
make it so even less of them are actively chasing us...)
Shizuha: "Yuna, the Hunters might be coming."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Right. We're out of time to think about this."
Ｙｕｎａ: "In which case..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, run!"
Shizuha: "Whoa?!"
Grabbing Shizuha by the hand, Yuna starts running.
Yuna has no way of knowing the Hunters' plans, but should a battle break out, she will have no
choice but to fight.
All she has to make sure she emerges victorious.
With that thought burning in her heart, she kicks against the asphalt, breaking into a sprint.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa... Haa..."
Shizuha: "We made it..."
Upon seeing the bridge that leads back to the mainland, Shizuha breaks out into a smile.
There aren't any Hunters in sight. A serene breeze blows across the bridge.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Yuna, however, continues looking behind her, her breath held.
Escape should be as easy as crossing the bridge ahead, but an odd sense of discomfort continues to
brew inside her chest.
Aren't things going too well?
There could be some kind of trap laid out for them ahead.
Yuna can't shake off that suspicion.
Shizuha: "Yuna, let's go!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Right."
As the two of them begin crossing the bridge, an inexplicable sense of dread overcomes Yuna.
Shizuha walks slightly ahead of her, at times stopping to glance at the calm night sea.
"..."
Yuna's feeling of dread grows heavier and more overbearing by the second.
No one seems to be around, yet it feels like someone is watching them. Discomfort builds inside
her mind.
"Did they... all come to the club?"
The question leaves her lips, although she hadn't meant to say it out loud.
She's confident that aside from the Hunter that attacked them at Saeki's mansion, there had been
three other foes on their trail.
They must have been the ones who had attacked the club earlier.
While they'd escaped the club quickly enough to avoid harm, one wrong step back then would have
gotten them embroiled in a vicious battle.
It begs a question.
Had all the Hunters attacked the club, or were there more in reserve?
In the latter case, there could be more enemies lying in wait for them ahead.
"..."
Yuna wonders to herself how she'd approach the situation, if she were her own enemy.
If she were a Hunter, what course of action would she take?
A direct attack, weapons in hand?
Maybe a sniping attack, from a distance?
Perhaps a trap set along a pathway her prey would be forced to take...?
Ｙｕｎａ: "...!"
Yuna's eyes widen in shock as she realizes that possibility.
Just at that moment, Shizuha takes another step forward.
Shizuha: "Huh?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, wait!"
Shizuha's quiet exclamation of surprise came just before Yuna's warning.
Shizuha's foot had pulled on some kind of wire, making her drop her gaze to her feet.
Because of that, she misses the small, black, and round object dropping from the top of the bridge.
Shizuha: "Ah!"
Something whizzes by them.
It moves in perfect sync with the white flash that blinds the pair.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Oh noー!"
Before Yuna can even finish her sentence, she feels a powerful impact run through her body.
The force blasts through her abdomen and her back.
Picked up off her feet, she soars through the air only to crash hard against the ground.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh, aaah...!"
Shizuha: "Y-Yuna?! What's wrong?!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aah... Shizu..."
Fighting back the pain burning through her body, Yuna somehow pieces together what just
happened.
That had likely been some kind of flash bomb.
After the two of them had triggered the simple trap, it had blinded them.
Shizuha, who had been particularly close to the blast, is still stumbling around in a daze with her
eyes squeezed shut.
And right next to herー
Yuika: "..."
Shizuha: "ーAgh?!"
Shizuha is bashed in the back of her head.
Her dainty body gets knocked away like a ball. Her chest slams against the bridge's guardrail, after
which she falls over onto the ground unconscious.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha...!"
Yuna wobbles to her feet, her sight still blurry and bright from the flash.
However, the blow she took had broken some of her ribs. Merely staying on her feet is the most
she can manage.
Yuika: "It's over. Our orders are to capture you if possible, so I won't kill you yet."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Who do you... think you're mocking...!"
Yuika: "I'm not mocking you. Believe me, it's taking all my patience not to kill you right here."
Yuika's voice is ice cold.
Her eyes are filled with hatred and bloodlust.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Get away... from Shizuha."
Yuna extends her claws, glaring defiantly at Yuika.
A Vampire's claws are their most trustworthy main weapon, as sharp as any blade.
Even Hunters will die to a slash through their vitals.
However...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah?!"
Suddenly, countless tentacles slither up behind Yuna.
In the blink of an eye, they coil around her limbs and completely restrain her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Th-This is...!"
Rapunzel: "Your back's way too exposed. You're so open it's almost like you're begging for someone to stick
their cock in you."
Rapunzel has finally revealed himself.
The tentacle extending from his body has Yuna tightly bound.
Ｙｕｎａ: "This won't stop me...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh?!"
Another tentacle constricts her neck.
As it starts to strangle her, her eyes widen.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah...!"
Rapunzel: "For now, stop yapping and start napping!"
Rapunzel: "I'm looking forward to seeing what they'll do to you at the Association's headquarters."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaah, aah...!"
Yuna's consciousness is rapidly receding.
She desperately struggles to remain conscious, but she can't put up any resistance in this situation.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shi...zu..."
As her vision goes dark, Yuna fixes her gaze on Shizuha.
In the end, she'd made the wrong choice.
In her error, she'd taken Shizuha down with her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I-I'm... s-sor..."
Before she can finish mouthing her apology, Yuna loses consciousness.
This is how their story comes to its end...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh, ah, aaah..."
Beneath the clear, blue sky, Yuna lets out a faint moan.
Shizuha: "Haa... Haa..."
Shizuha's breathing is rough and labored. Her eyes are vacant and unfocused.
They're on an execution ground within one of the Association's facilities.
It's an open-air amphitheater, with Association's staff lining the spectator stands surrounding them.
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "I see we've got some pretty young Vampires this time around."
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Not like you can tell a Vamp's age from how they look."
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Did you hear? This duo's alone resulted in over a hundred victims."
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "They look human, but they're monsters all the same. Why do creatures like them even exist...?"
To these people, this is far from an unusual sight.
Countless Vampires have had their lives reaped here.
Every single one of them has been charged with terrible crimes.
At least, that's the story the Hunters give.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizu...ha..."
Shizuha: "Yunaaa..."
Yuna and Shizuha call out each other's names.
After being brought to this facility, they've been subjected to all kinds of indignities. Now they
realize that everything is about to come to an end.
Before being dragged out into the open, they had special silver rods inserted into their genitals.
Carved onto their surfaces are 'Holy Texts'. As for the man standing next to the pair...
He seems to be a clergyman employed by the Association. He chants the words of that text.
Priest: "Oh, bear witness. For space-time shines golden, and our Father in Heaven extends his hand to our
earthly realm."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Uuu... Ah..."
Shizuha: "Haa, aah... Aaah, aah..."
Sweat pours from the two girls' bodies due to the intense pain within their bellies.
Their rectums, meanwhile, are filled with iron hooks connected to ropes.
Tied to the other ends of those ropes...
...Are the blades of two guillotines, shining in the bright sunlight.
If those blades were to drop, they're heavy enough to effortlessly decapitate the girls.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Guh... Uuh... Aaaaah...!"
Yuna grits her teeth as she applies force to her anus.
The only thing keeping the guillotines suspended above them from falling is the clenching of the
girls' rectums.
If the hooks were to slip out from their anuses, it would lead to the guillotine mercilessly
plummeting onto their necks.
However, the way the contraption is set up means that each is holding the blade of the other at bay.
In other words, if the hook in Yuna's rectum were to come loose, the guillotine's blade would fall on
Shizuha's neck.
On the other hand, if the hook in Shizuha's rectum were to come loose, the guillotine would sever
Yuna's head.
Shizuha: "Ah, aaah, ugh... Guh..."
The two have been left like this for hours already.
The priest nearby has been incessantly offering prayers up to heaven. By this point, neither Yuna
nor Shizuha are in any condition to pay him any mind.
Each is too consumed with clenching her own sphincter to prolong the life of the other.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha... Aaaah..."
Shizuha: "Yu...na... U-Ugh..."
As they both moan each other's names, they vividly imagine each other's fates.
They both realize that neither of them will be saved.
One of them will inevitably run out of strength, dooming the other to decapitation.
Once the first of them is killed, the hook in her rectum will come loose as well, sentencing the
other to death in turn.
They have no way to escape this fate.
The only question is which of them will succumb first.
Neither of them can afford to loosen her sphincter.
Neither of them wishes to be responsible for killing the other.
Priest: "Now then, let us begin praying, so these girls' souls may find peace and salvation..."
At some point, the priest finally finishes his sermons.
Once he looks off in the distance, nodding to someone...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh?!"
The rods within the girls' vaginas start rotating.
The rods yank at the interiors of their pussies, tearing their very flesh.
Ｙｕｎａ: "GaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaa
aaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaah!"
The two of them scream out in unison.
Red blood spurts from their genitals, splattering over the ground.
Their bodies thrash and spasm as large tears spill from their eyes.
Most other Vampires had always lost their focus at this point, allowing the hooks in their asses to
come loose.
However, these two girls keep their sphincters clenched despite the pain intense enough to make
them scream at the top of their lungs.
Ｙｕｎａ
(That's the one thing I can't do... I mustn't stop clenching...!)
Shizuha
(I have to endure this... If I don't, Yuna's going to...!)
Priest: "Oooh, this is proof of truly beautiful friendship. Even if you are Vampires, the way your hearts care
for one another is truly a thing of beauty."
Priest: "Oh my Lord, our Heavenly Father. Share your never-ending mercy with these two..."
The priest spreads both his arms while offering his prayers to the clear blue sky.
He truly believes that by doing so, he is somehow bringing salvation to the two of them.
Somehow his twisted mind believes that by etching the Holy Text into their bodies and making
them regret their sins, he can save them.
Several years ago, this priest developed this twisted contraption out of honest belief that he was
saving Vampires.
Priest: "Know shame and repent. By doing so, the Lord's great power shall wash away your sins."
Ｙｕｎａ
(Ah, aaah... N-Noo...!)
Yuna hadn't heard a word the priest said.
She's more concerned with how her body is reaching its limit.
If that happens, Shizuha's head will be cut off.
It's the thing she least wants to see, but the hook in her rectum is coming loose, little by little.
Ｙｕｎａ
(Nooooooo....!)
Doing everything she can to withstand the pain gouging through her genitals, Yuna screams out in
her heart of hearts.
However, the lower half of her body is gradually growing numb. She can no longer tell if her
muscles are working properly.
She cannot resist any longer.
Nothing she can do will save Shizuha from her fate.
With that undeniable fact thrust before her eyes, Yuna gives Shizuha a look of utter despair.
A few days ago, she never would have imagined that this sort of ghastly spectacle would be their
final farewell.
Ｙｕｎａ
(Shizuha... I'm... sorry...)
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah..."
The moment comes far too swiftly.
The hook in Yuna's rectum comes loose.
For a moment, time stands still.
Shizuha, for so long, had kept her sphincter clenched to the very last moment, withstanding the
terrible pain churning her vagina.
But the next moment, her face disappears from Yuna's vision.
The moment Yuna realizes something massive and shining with a sinister gleam fell down,
Shizuha's head takes to the air.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Crimson blood spurts out.
It splashes over Yuna's face, who can't muster a response to the tragedy that just transpired before
her eyes.
Even the pain burning in her vagina feels distant at this point as she gazes absentmindedly at the
cross-section of Shizuha's neck.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
A horrifyingly surprising amount of blood continues gushing out.
The sight is so utterly disturbing that Yuna's mind refuses to recognize it as Shizuha's.
Despite the obvious reality in front of her, Yuna cannot accept that Shizuha has just died.
Priest: "One Vampire has now set forth to God's lofty heavens."
Priest: "May her journey above be blessed..."
The priest makes the sign of the cross.
Eventually, the gushing of blood from Shizuha's neck gradually dies down. Yuna blankly gazes at
her friend's body.
Oddly enough, the other guillotine doesn't seem to be falling.
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Huh? It hasn't come loose."
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "So she keeps clenching even after she died? Vampires are fucking amazing."
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "So these monsters care about each other...? Gross."
Just as what the Association members watching the execution are saying, the hook in Shizuha's anus
isn't slipping free.
Of course, Shizuha is definitely dead.
However, the muscles of her body have yet to relax, meaning it's taking quite some time for the
hook to fall out.
The delay is only serving to cruelly prolong Yuna's suffering, however.
As long as Shizuha's hook doesn't come out, Yuna won't die.
More hatred than she's ever felt before in her life comes rushing up from the bottom of her heart.
Ｙｕｎａ: "H-How dare..."
Priest: "Mm?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "How dare you... Shizuha is..."
Priest: "She has set forth on her journey. She's on her way to the Lord's sー"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'll kill you!"
Yuna bellows while glaring at the nearby priest.
It doesn't matter whether or not it's actually possible for her to back up her threats.
Her invective is for her own sake. She's so disturbed that if she doesn't make some kind of
declaration, her sanity will snap.
Her heart is so overcome with rage that even killing everyone present won't be enough to quell her
rage.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'll kill you! Kill you! Kill yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooou!"
Priest: "How fascinating. How do you intend to achieve that, given this situation?"
Priest: "No, you must repent. Accept the Lord's teachings, and admit to your sinful naturー"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shut up!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm going to kill every last one of you! Mark my words, you'll all die! I'll suck every last drop of
blood from every single one of you, and then twist all your necks off!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Even if I die, I'll be reborn and then I'll kill you! Even if you die, I'll track you down to your next
lives and kill you! You'll never escape me! I'll chase you all down and slaughter you!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'll kill! Kill! Kill! Kill you! I swear I'll kill you! Kill you! Kill you! I'll butcher the lot of you so
cruelly you'llー"
With that, Yuna's head flies through the air.
The hook in Shizuha's anus came loose, causing the guillotine to cut off Yuna's head.
Red blood gushes out like a geyser, soaking into the ground.
With Yuna's screaming abruptly cut off, silence settles over the execution ground.
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "..."
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "Pfft..."
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Pfha!"
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Ahahahahahahha!"
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "Ahahahaha! Man... That was incredible."
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ａ: "With how angry she was when she died, I'm almost afraid she actually will come back to haunt us."
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｂ: "Isn't that a ghost, though, and not a Vampire?"
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｃ: "Does it matter? But, phew... That was a real kicker."
Ｓｔａｆｆ　Ｄ: "Anyway, break's almost over. Almost time to get back to the afternoon shift, eh?"
The staff members share their impressions of the spectacle as they leave the execution grounds.
Only the priest remains near Yuna and Shizuha's bodies, gazing up at the heavens as he continues
to offer up his prayers.
Priest: "My Lord, today, two Vampires have set out to your side."
Priest: "Reach out for their souls and offer them salvation."
The priest once again makes the sign of the cross over his chest.
As he looks over the two girls' corpses, which are still spurting blood from the stumps of their
necks, a kind smile spreads across his lips.
ーSalvation comes equally to all souls.
ーThe hand of the Lord is extended even toward Vampires.
With that belief in his heart, he feels a warm sensation spread through his body.
And so the priest stands for a long moment, basking in the satisfaction of having saved the souls of
two Vampires...
Shizuha
(What do I... do...? I can't... clench much longer...)
Shizuha hadn't heard a word the priest said.
She's more concerned with how her body is reaching its limit.
If that happens, Yuna's head will be cut off.
It's the thing she least wants to see, but the hook in her rectum is coming loose, little by little.
Shizuha
(Don't come out... Please, I'm begging you, just stay put...)
Doing everything she can to withstand the pain gouging through her genitals, Shizuha screams out
in her heart of hearts.
However, the lower half of her body is gradually growing numb. She can no longer tell if her
muscles are working properly.
What should she do in this situation?
What can she do to spare Yuna from this fate?
Even now, Shizuha grapples with that question, but nothing comes to mind.
Shizuha
(Noooo... Don't come out... You can't come out...!)
Shizuha: "Aaaah?!"
But in the end, the hook pops out of her rectum.
Shizuha's heart stops for one long, dreadful moment as something black falls before her eyes.
A heavy metallic noise sounds out as it drops between Yuna's neck and the rest of her body.
Crimson blood spurts out.
Yuna's head, which had been there just a moment ago, is now gone. Red blood spurts from the
cross-section of her neck, spraying the surroundings.
It rolls down to the ground with an almost comical thud.
Shizuha: "..."
It splashes over Shizuha's face, who can't muster a response to the tragedy that just transpired before
her eyes.
Yuna's death had happened right in front of her, too clearly to be denied.
Shizuha: "..."
She understands what she'd just done.
She loosened up.
The hook in her rectum pulled out, and thus Yuna's head was severed as a consequence.
Yuna is already... dead...
Priest: "One Vampire has now set forth to God's lofty heavens."
Priest: "May her journey above be blessed..."
The priest makes the sign of the cross.
Eventually, the gushing of blood from Yuna's neck gradually dies down. Shizuha blankly gazes at
her friend's body.
Shizuha: "........."
She cannot see anything else.
She cannot hear anything else.
Even the pain piercing her vagina feels all too distant to Shizuha right now.
Only the sound of the blood dripping from Yuna's neck rings in her ears with morbid clarity.
Shizuha: "........."
She has no tears to shed.
Her face is completely drained of expression, as if even an expression of sorrow is impossible for
her to make.
Her golden eyes can do nothing more than gaze dully at Yuna's body.
Shizuha doesn't even notice when the hook finally comes loose from Yuna's rectum, causing the
second guillotine to fall as well.
The moment the sharp blade makes contact with Shizuha's neck, the world goes black in an instant.
And that... is the beginning of the end.
"This is investigation team F. We've arrived at the scene."
A man in a hazardous materials suit stands in the middle of a bloodstained corridor.
"What's the situation?"
"It's... horrible."
He walks down the corridor slowly, holding a transceiver in one hand.
That day, just as the sun began to set, a disturbance was detected in one of the Hunter Association's
facilities.
When all communications with the facility were suddenly cut off, an investigation team was swiftly
organized. They've just now entered the building.
"This... This stuff, all over the halls... Is that human flesh?"
"They were torn apart..."
"Just how many Vampires attacked them...?"
Wherever they looked, all they see are human remains that no longer even resemble corpses. Claw
marks are etched across the walls and ceiling.
The evidence all points toward the facility coming under attack by an extremely large number of
Vampires.
"...No survivors, huh?"
"If there were someone left, we could ask them what happened here."
"Just be careful. Any survivors we find may have already been turned into Vampires."
"Stop scaring me, man, I don't actually have that much experience."
The investigation team advances deeper into the facility as they banter among themselves.
No matter how many corridors they check or how many rooms they peer into, they find nothing
new.
All they find are blood, flesh, fragments of bone... and countless claw marks.
The scent of blood hangs thick in the air at every turn, rousing a sense of nausea in the
investigators.
"Mm...? The sensor's reacting... It's straight ahead."
"...There's someone there."
"It's a Vampire."
The sensor they're carrying can detect Vampires from afar. The two of them ready their weapons.
The figure ahead is mostly hidden in the shadows. While its features are hard to make out, the
emergency lights do illuminate some of its long hair.
"Hey, you... Raise both hands in the air and get on the floor."
"Make one wrong move and I shoot you dead, got it?"
Even as he says the words, the investigation team member realizes his threat is pointless.
Vampires are fundamentally proud creatures that refuse to submit to humans.
Even newly turned Vampires usually reject their former humanity, acting in accordance with their
lust and simply attacking people mindlessly just after transforming.
And that's why...
"Huh?"
...They can't hold back their surprise when that figure obediently lowers itself to the floor.
"It listened to us? Is it willing to surrender without putting up a fight?"
"Don't get careless. Look at what it did to this place."
With their guns trained on the Vampire, the investigation team moves closer.
Even as they approach, the figure lying on the floor doesn't so much as budge.
The humans point their flashlights at the Vampire, revealing its form.
It's completely naked.
It has long, black hair that spills over its back, hiding it from view.
Judging by its physique, it's almost certainly a woman.
The men move beside her and slap a pair of restraining cuffs over her wrists.
"Target captured."
"It's a good thing this isn't an aggressive Vampire."
"But, I mean, look at this place..."
"Huh? That woman... I've seen her before."
"Huh? You know her?"
"You... Weren't you a researcher in this facility?"
He looks more closely at the woman's face, pointing his flashlight at her features.
She's a researcher from the facility this man happens to be familiar with.
He remembers that her eyes are dark in color, and right now they're... as dark as he remembers
them.
"Wait. She... isn't a Vampire."
"That can't be. The sensor reacted toー"
They realize it too late.
The woman, whose hands are now cuffed, is shivering as if terrified of something.
ーTerror.
Her expression is completely overcome with it, but she isn't looking at the two men.
Her gaze is pointed further above them.
Realizing where she's looking, the two men both look up at the ceiling at the same time.
The last thing they see is a figure clinging to it like a spider.
The very next moment, both of their necks are severed, causing a shower of blood to rain onto the
corridor's floor.
"..."
Their fields of vision invert.
They remain conscious for just a few moments after their heads part from their shoulders, not yet
realizing that they have in fact been killed.
The woman screams.
Her voice cuts off soon enough, though, as her head is also torn from her body.
Three headless corpses crumble to the ground, painting the corridor with another layer of red.
Standing in the center of it all is a single girl...
Shizuha: "Mm, haa... Schlurp..."
Shizuha: "Human blood... Tasty..."
Ｙｕｎａ
(I have to hold it in... I can't... lose to this...!)
Shizuha
(No... I can't... loosen my butt...!)
The two of them bravely endure this torture.
Even though they know there's no chance of them being saved, they can't afford to give up.
The moment one of them gives into exhaustion, the other one will die.
Each of them would rather die first, rather than be forced to see the other die.
Ｙｕｎａ
(But that would mean leaving Shizuha all alone...)
Shizuha
(Would... Yuna be lonely without me? Would she be sad?)
As their stamina gradually depletes, the two of them only think of one another.
There's no way for them to walk out of this situation alive, they still rack their brains nonetheless
about which of them ought to die first.
Ｙｕｎａ
(I don't want to leave Shizuha all on her own... And I don't want to, either...)
Shizuha
(I don't want to make Yuna sad... But if she dies first, I...)
Even as waves of pain emanate from their genitals, the two of them keep thinking.
The heat of the sun beats down on them from above, sapping their strength. The silver rods etched
with the sacred texts tear into their vaginas. But even so, they still search for the best end to this.
Ｙｕｎａ
(Ah, no...!)
Feeling the hook start to come loose, Yuna hurriedly clenches her sphincter.
The same thing happens to Shizuha a few minutes later.
Shizuha
(D-Don't come out...!)
Sensing that the hook in her own rectum is coming loose, Shizuha desperately applies more force
to her buttocks.
They don't have the time to think.
At this rate, one of them is bound to run out of strength.
Realizing this, Yuna and Shizuha lock gazes at the same moment.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizu...ha..."
Shizuha: "Yu...na..."
Despite the pain that the rods are inflicting on their lower halves, the two of them break out into
smiles.
They both realize that each has come to the same conclusion as the other.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm, sorry... I couldn't save you..."
Shizuha: "No... I'm glad... Ugh, we get to stay... together, to the very end..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I... I wish we could have been... together longer... U-Ugh... We could've... gone around... Ugh... I
wanted to, see the world with you..."
Shizuha: "Me too, nng.... I wanted to.. Ugh, travel all over with you... Nnn, Yunaaa, aaah..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "They say there's, a next life... Ugh, so, let's travel together, then..."
Shizuha: "Ahaha... Our next life... Nnnng!"
The two of them manage this exchange even as thick beads of sweat drip from their foreheads.
They feel oddly calm and refreshed, perhaps exactly because they realize that these are their final
moments.
Meanwhile, the Association's staff members mock the two. They scorn their efforts and look upon
them with exasperation.
To them, Vampires are nothing more than monsters.
Any words they utter of friendship are nothing more than a pathetic attempt to ape human
behavior.
That's what so many of the facility's staff members believe.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah... I think I could last just a little longer, but..."
Shizuha: "It's... enough, right?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "If either one of us has to run out of strength..."
Shizuha: "I want us... to go together."
Shizuha: "But before it ends... Just a little longer... Nng... I want to touch you, Yuna..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh... In that case..."
Yuna's smile turns wistful.
Both her hands and her neck are secured by the scaffolding, making it impossible to reach out to
Shizuha.
If she were to extend her legs, it could make her whole body lean a bit more forward, but it's still
dubious whether her fingertips can reach Shizuha's.
Ｙｕｎａ: "We... can just barely reach each other, in terms of distance..."
Shizuha: "You're right in front of me, but..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. Why are you giving up? I told you, we just barely reach each other..."
Shizuha: "Huh?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hey, Shizuha..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's kiss..."
The suggestion surprises Shizuha, to say the least.
Shizuha's eyes widen in surprise, but Yuna gazes earnestly back at her.
Her lips are curled into a smile, but her eyes are serious.
Shizuha: "Mm... Can we reach?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's try, and see... Nng, ah... Then we'll know."
Shizuha: "Right... We just need to... try and see..."
Shizuha: "Yeah... I want... to kiss you, Yuna..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nng..."
Shizuha: "Mm, nnn..."
They both stretch their legs as hard as they can, bringing their faces close to each other.
And like Yuna said, while they just barely reach each other, their lips certainly make contact.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Shizuha: "..."
They exchange warmth one final time.
They keep their lips locked, as if to confirm to themselves and to the world, that they lived together
at the same time.
The jeering from all around them no longer reaches their ears.
They can't hear the words of the priest right next to them either.
The two exchange a final promise with their hearts full of joy at being lucky enough to have met
one another in the largeness of the world.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Let's go... together."
Shizuha: "Yeah... Together, forever..."
With their gazes locked on each other, Yuna and Shizuha smile.
They relax their bodies for the last time.
With that, both of their hooks come undone in sync. The sound of grinding metal rings out.
With heavy thuds, both their heads take to the air.
Red blood spurts out like fireworks, dying their bodies crimson.
Even as their heads roll across the ground, they do so together, as if still clinging to each other.
With their eyelids closed, Yuna and Shizuha meet their demise, each of them biting down on the
other's lips.
Priest: "Oooh... Unbelievable..."
The priest conducting this execution is struck speechless by the sight.
He has overseen many executions by now, but this is the first time he's seen Vampires accept their
end like this.
The other staff members watching over the execution react similarly. Silence settles over the
execution grounds.
This is how the pair's journey comes to an end.
It might not have been the most conclusive or happy ending, but they still manage to find grace and
salvation in their last moments.
Lying on the cold, bloodied ground, both Yuna and Shizuha still have their lips curled up into
gentle, relieved smiles...
Ｙｕｎａ: "...We might be better off fighting them off here."
Shizuha: "Huh?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "It doesn't matter how far we run; they'll just catch up to us. Isn't that what's happened so far?"
Shizuha: "I mean, yeah, but... A-Are we really going to fight them?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "There's at least four of them. Rather than fight all of them at once, we might be better served
picking them off one by one."
This is very much a gamble.
It might seem logical to keep running and avoid conflict, but Yuna doesn't make that choice.
While they can't tell how strong the enemy is, the fact remains that if they can secure victory against
the Hunters, they definitely will be able to escape this city safely.
Ｙｕｎａ: "There's one presence approaching us, and two of us. We've got the numerical advantage."
Shizuha: "Fighting... a Hunter..."
Shizuha swallows nervously.
She naturally isn't a combative person. She's already overcome by fear.
Some part of her keeps asking if maybe they'd be better off if they just keep running.
Ｙｕｎａ: "...There it is."
Rapunzel: "Oooh? I thought your scent was getting stronger, but you're just standing here in the middle of the
street."
After waiting there for a while, a man dressed in a suit appears within the darkness of the night.
Upon seeing him, Yuna knits her brow.
Ｙｕｎａ: "It's... not a human?"
Shizuha: "The Association's... biological weapons..."
Although it has four limbs, it's otherwise entirely different from a human being.
The face hidden under its hat is that of a monster.
Ｙｕｎａ: "So we're not up against an ordinary Hunter, I see."
Shizuha: "Y-Yuna..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, you have to make a decision. There's no going back now."
Yuna extends her claws.
This is a Vampire's fundamental fighting style.
Shizuha's expression is as terrified as before, but she follows Yuna's example and extends her claws
as well.
Rapunzel: "Sure thing, come at me. The game's no fun if you don't do this."
Ｙｕｎａ: "A game? Killing Vampires is your idea of a game?"
Rapunzel: "Can't really last in this line of business if ya don't make up ways to have fun, ya know?"
Rapunzel cackles manically.
His words give Yuna pause, however.
Hunters usually hold some kind of grudge against Vampires.
The opponent facing them now, however, doesn't seem to have that kind of baggage.
He might be one of the Association's biological weapons, but Yuna realizes that it might be a good
idea to consider him separate from the Hunters in certain respects.
Rapunzel: "Then let's get this party started."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'll make this game of yours into a game over, right here and now."
Rapunzel: "Ha! Do it if ya can!"
The exchange between Yuna and Rapunzel is a close match.
They land attacks and inflict injuries on each other, but neither of them can land a decisive fatal
blow.
Yuna swings her long claws like blades, while Rapunzel skillfully swings his tentacles.
However, Yuna is a Vampire. She has the advantage when it comes to stamina, meaning Rapunzel
is the first to show signs of fatigue.
Soon enough, after several more exchanges of blows, several of his tentacles are severed and sent
flying through the air.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa... Haa..."
Rapunzel: "You fucking whore..."
The cross-sections of his severed tentacles spew out blood while Rapunzel grits his teeth in
annoyance.
He hates to admit it, but his defeat seems certain.
He can't think of a way to turn the tables on Yuna.
Rapunzel: "Shit, you piss me off. Just end this already."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You say that, but you don't actually intend to just sit idly by and let me kill you, do you?"
Rapunzel: "See, I don't actually like fighting. I just like winning."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And why should I care about that?"
Rapunzel: "Holy shit, you're irritating. Almost as much as that chick."
Ｙｕｎａ: "That chick? Irritating?"
Yuna cocks her head quizzically at Rapunzel's statement.
She's well aware she's in the middle of the battle, but what she'd just heard strikes her as critically
important.
Shizuha: "Yuna... A-Are you all right?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Just checking, but... By 'that chick', you mean the Hunter woman, yes?"
Rapunzel: "So what if I am?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Do you hate that woman?"
Rapunzel: "Huh? What difference does it make right now?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Oh, it makes all the difference in the world. Answer the question, if you please."
Yuna continues the conversation as she gradually relaxes out of her combat stance.
Rapunzel remains primed for battle, yet he too holds back from continuing the fight.
Rapunzel: "Yeah. I meant the Hunter woman. She always finds a way to piss me off."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And you follow her orders anyway?"
Rapunzel: "What, is this your way of trying to fish for my weaknesses? Ain't gonna work, bitch."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Your weaknesses? So you're saying she's taking advantage of your weakness, are you?"
Rapunzel: "..."
Rapunzel falls silent, realizing he'd let his tongue slip.
The fact he'd divulged the fact he 'has a weakness' to Yuna, an enemy, is a blunder he can't take
back.
Of course, she doesn't know anything specific, but there is still a chance his mistake could ultimately
prove fatal.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I think I understand. Despite how strong you are, there has to be a reason you still obey that
Hunter woman."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Considering you're biological weapons developed by the Association, I'd assume they placed some
kind of safety device to keep you in check?"
Rapunzel: "...So you figured that out, so fucking what? You can't trigger this thing."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Trigger it, you say... So you mean to say that Hunter woman can trigger it."
Ｙｕｎａ: "But if you know that much, why not just stab her in the back and kill her?"
Rapunzel: "Well, if I could just go ahead and do that, I wouldn't be saddled with this shitty job, now would I?
If I kill her, the Association will come after me."
Rapunzel: "Besides, there's this one lunatic who worships the ground that woman walks on. If I want to launch
a surprise attack on her, I'll need him to cooperate with me."
Ｙｕｎａ: "So that's your story."
Rapunzel's story gives Yuna a rough grasp of the situation.
If nothing else, she realizes the Hunter's Association isn't as monolithic as it seems.
That's a bit of knowledge she can use to help her avoid future battles.
Ｙｕｎａ: "How about I help you with that?"
Rapunzel: "What?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "If this keeps up, you'll spend the rest of your days as the Association's lapdog. Is that the life you
want for yourself?"
Rapunzel: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "If it isn't, your only choice is to fight. Fight the Association... directly."
Rapunzel: "What are you, deaf? I already told you I can't do that. The Association put control devices in our
hearts."
Rapunzel: "All they have to do is send a specific signal to the bombs in our chests and... Boom."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Isn't there a way of having the bombs removed?"
Rapunzel: "I dunno. Maybe a skilled surgeon could pull it off..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "So if you set yourself free from that Hunter woman, you'll be free to look for a doctor that can get
those bombs out of your chests."
Rapunzel: "And you're saying... you're gonna help us do that?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I don't think it's that bad of a deal for either of us... What do you say?"
Rapunzel: "..."
Rapunzel doesn't immediately answer her question.
He can't immediately discern if she's speaking honestly or if this is some attempt to fool him.
What he does realize, though, is that nothing will change for him if he stays under Yuika's
command.
Sooner or later he'll have to kill her and cut himself free, or else he really will spend his entire life as
a pawn of the Association.
Rapunzel: "..."
He has to decide.
Is Yuna's suggestion a chance or a trap?
Eventually, Rapunzel slowly parts his lips.
Rapunzel: "One of them's probably gonna play along. He's a combat nut who's satisfied so long as he has
someone strong to fight."
Rapunzel: "But the other guy's a no-go. He worships Yuika. He'd never agree to this."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Worship, you say..."
Yuna's eyes glint bewitchingly.
Her lips curl up in a faint smirk.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Where's the Hunter woman now?"
Rapunzel: "Knowing that shitty bitch, she's probably waiting to ambush you near the bridge."
Ｙｕｎａ: "So that means that woman's other subordinates... There's two more, yes? I assume we have time to
talk things through with them."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Now, could you tell me more about the one that worships the Hunter woman?"
Yuika: "So you actually caught them. Color me impressed."
About one hour has passed.
Yuika shows up to the place where Rapunzel and Yuna had been fighting earlier.
Of course, her showing up here isn't a coincidence.
She had been waiting in ambush at the bridge, but Gretel had suddenly reported that they had
captured two Vampires.
There, lying before Yuika's eyes, are the unconscious bodies of Yuna and Shizuha.
Yuika: "What's gotten into you, though? Usually you'd kill any Vampires you catch on the spot."
Alice: "I thought it's better to capture them alive whenever possible?"
Yuika: "Those are the Association's instructions, yes, but since when have you been ones to follow orders?"
Alice: "These ones were too weak. No point in me killing them."
Yuika: "Too weak?"
Alice's comment makes Yuika knit her brow.
It is true that a Vampire's individual strength varies by individual.
Some are incredibly dangerous and powerful, while others aren't any stronger than the common
human.
However, up until this point, they'd always slain any and all Vampires they'd encountered.
They'd even killed Vampires they certainly could have captured alive only because they wanted to
kill them.
Yuika had never found a reason to fault their tendency to kill as if it were a game, as she herself
harbors an intense hatred for Vampires.
To that end, the fact they haven't killed Yuna and Shizuha strikes her as incredibly strange.
Yuika: "They don't look like weak specimens to me..."
Rapunzel: "Hey, don't kill 'em, ya hear? What's the point in us capturing them alive if you end up wasting
them?"
Yuika: "Even you're saying that? I thought you liked killing Vampires."
Rapunzel: "It's fine. There's someone else I'd rather butcher right now."
Yuika: "Someone else...?"
Yuika: "ーAaah?!"
Yuika feels a powerful blow against the back of her head.
Her vision goes black all at once before she crumples to the ground.
Gretel: "Aaah... We went ahead and did it, didn't we?"
Gretel, who had been standing behind Yuika, mutters morosely.
However, he was the one who had knocked her out.
Once they are sure Yuika is conscious, Yuna and Shizuha get up from the ground.
Ｙｕｎａ: "That went more smoothly than I thought."
Rapunzel: "This woman only trusts Gretel out of the three of us."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Surprisingly naive of her."
Gretel: "This is necessary... I have no choice but to do this if I am to swear true fealty to Lady Yuika."
Gretel whispers his penitence, gazing at Yuika's unmoving body.
Alice heaves out a sigh of exasperation at him, while Rapunzel smiles with a shrug.
Rapunzel: "You're impressive, though. Didn't think you'd actually be able to talk that asshat Gretel over to our
side."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Talking to him made it clear to me that out of the three of you, he's the most dangerous."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Even now, he doesn't think he betrayed her. He believes he's doing the right thing."
Ｙｕｎａ: "All I really did was take advantage of that zeal of his."
After settling her quarrel with Rapunzel, she had gone on to speak with Alice and Gretel.
Gretel initially tried to kill Yuna and Shizuha for Yuika's sake, but something Yuna said stopped him
from doing do.
Gretel: "Such foolishness... Are you really suggesting that I betray Lady Yuika?"
Gretel had scoffed derisively at Yuna's suggestion.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't you want to go free? You won't have to fear that device in your heart anymore."
Gretel: "Fear? Not once have I feared this device."
Due to his with manic admiration for Yuika, he'd never felt oppressed by the device inside his body.
If anything, he considered the fetters of the device as a bond of sorts with Yuika: a distorted sort of
connection with her.
Rapunzel: "See? There's no convincing this guy."
Alice: "He's different from us."
Gretel: "If you two intend to rebel against Lady Yuika, you will see that I can be quite unforgiving."
Rapunzel: "Hey, if you wanna throw hands, I'm all for it. I'm not gonna lose to a chump like you."
Gretel and Rapunzel are at each other's throats. They'll come to blows at any moment.
However, Yuna can't have them fighting among themselves.
It's important that all three of them remain on her side for now.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Tell me... Do you understand what it really means to swear fealty to someone?"
Gretel: "...I beg your pardon?"
Yuna's question made Gretel turn his gaze back to her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "You claim to have sworn your loyalty to that woman, but how much have you really done for her?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "You killed Vampires? Protected her from the other two? You really think that's all it takes to prove
you've sworn eternal loyalty to her?"
Gretel: "Just what are you saying?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Have you ever seriously considered what swearing your loyalty to someone really means?"
Gretel: "Of course I have. I always think of it; of her. You're in no place to lecture me about that."
Ｙｕｎａ: "In which case...  Why aren't you setting her free?"
Gretel: "Set her free...?"
Gretel tilted his head in confusion, not quite understanding what Yuna was saying.
Yuna carried on, her lips curling up in a faint smile.
Ｙｕｎａ: "How does she look to you? Do you think she's satisfied with her life?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "A life of killing Vampires and nothing else. Do you know what made her like this?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Doesn't it pain you to see her devote her life to murder and massacre?"
Gretel: "W-Well, I... I simply obey Lady Yuika's will..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "So you're just going to let her live underneath the thumb of the Association? Doesn't that sound
like a dog's life, to you?"
Gretel: "You would call Lady Yuika a dog?!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Believe me, dear, I don't want to call her that, either. And that's why you should set her free. Free
from the Association... No, free of all her suffering."
Gretel: "Set her free... from her suffering..."
Gretel began to waver.
His mind spun in circles as the realization Yuna might be right began to dawn on him.
Gretel: "Lady Yuika loathes Vampires with all her being. That is why she joined the Association, and keeps
on working for it with our support..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Killing others out of hatred and loathing. Is that what joy means to her? Does killing Vampires put
a smile on her face?"
Gretel: "A smile...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't tell me she never smiles...? Living like that... It sounds so awfully lonely to me."
Gretel: "..."
Yuna's words stabbed into Gretel's heart.
How many times has he seen her smile, really?
Of course she's made such an expression a few times, but were those truly sincere?
Once he started to question that, more and more doubts began to rear their ugly heads.
Of course, that was exactly what Yuna had been hoping for, but Gretel wasn't in any state to realize
what she's doing.
Ｙｕｎａ: "There are so many wonderful things in this world. Living without ever experiencing them sounds
like misery to me."
Ｙｕｎａ: "The joy of eating something tasty... Of smiling while enjoying oneself... And... the bliss of making
love..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't you want to grant her such things?"
Gretel: "Me? M-Make love to Lady Yuika...? U-Unthinkable..."
Gretel shook his head adamantly while denying that possibility.
He was so desperate to banish that thought from his mind that he nearly shook the very bag off of
his head.
Gretel: "To do such a... such a shameful thing to her... I-I could never!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "You said you swore your loyalty to her, yes? You pine for her, don't you?"
Gretel: "Pine for her... Do not reduce my feelings to such sappy, romantic emotions!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "In that case, if she were to find a man she loves, would you allow her to be with him?"
Gretel: "Huh...?"
The mere thought of that shocked Gretel to his core.
He had never once considered that possibility.
Ｙｕｎａ: "She is a woman, you know. She might eventually fall in love with a man... And that man isn't
necessarily going to be you."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And if that happens, would you be able to accept that and give her your blessing?"
Gretel: "M-My blessing...? I-I would. Of course I would. Lady Yuika's happiness is... Is my happiness."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't you think it should be you that grants her that happiness?"
Gretel: "I... I would never..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Do you think an ordinary human man would be a good match for her?"
Gretel: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You can grant her the kind of happiness no ordinary man can... Don't you think so?"
Gretel: "I can... grant her that happiness..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm sure you can do it. Set her free, and make her as happy as she could possibly be."
Ｙｕｎａ: "She would never have to hate Vampires again... She wouldn't have to be constantly monitored by
the Association... Never need to spill or be sullied by blood again... Or fear being betrayed by her
subordinates..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "In order to achieve that... there's only one way. Don't you agree?"
Yuna said that while giving him a smile.
Of course, everything she'd told him was fabricated nonsense.
She merely picked out the right words to shake Gretel's beliefs.
The effects were immediate. Her suggestion completely captivated him.
Gretel: "And what is... that way?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "It's simple. If you truly wish to swear fealty to her with all your heart, you must protect her; from
any threat."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And to do that... You must become one with her."
Rapunzel: "Seriously, I was in fucking stitches when you said that. Took everything I had to not laugh. Like,
hoooooly shit, were you bullshitting through your fucking teeth."
Ｙｕｎａ: "So long as it convinced him, does it really matter? To him, what we're about to do now is a show
of his loyalty."
Rapunzel: "You are one scary woman... you know that?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Why, thank you. I'll take that as a compliment."
Yuna smirks.
Joining forces with Rapunzel had been a huge gamble, but she was able to secure victory as a
result.
There are no longer any threats to her and Shizuha in Chisakura.
All that remains is to see Yuika's fate to its conclusion and put this city behind them.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. I'm looking forward to seeing what happens."
Yuna licks her lips expectantly, already fantasizing about what's to come.
Reflected in her red eyes is Yuika, who still lies helpless and unconscious...
Yuika: "ーAaah?!"
Yuika's scream echoes through the dim room.
Her lower half burns with an intense pain.
Yuika looks down at herself, trying to discern what's happening.
Yuika: "What...?!"
Alice: "Huh. She's finally awake."
Yuika: "Y-You... What are you doing?!"
Behind her is Alice.
He's grabbing tightly onto Yuika's arms. His erect cock is already inserted into her anus.
Yuika: "U-Ugh...! S-Stop... Pull it out!"
Alice: "Gonna have to say no to that. I've already decided I'm going to become free."
Yuika: "Become free... Nnng?!"
Alice begins thrusting his hips while still maintaining his hold on her arms.
Yuika lets out a groan of pain, feeling as though her rectum is being torn apart.
Yuika: "U-Ugh... Aaaah...!"
Rapunzel: "Mm, now that's a good moan. Music to my ears."
Yuika: "Y-You three..."
Rapunzel and Gretel stand directly in front of her.
It's at this point that Yuika finally fully realizes what has happened to her.
ーA sudden attack.
ーHer consciousness, flickering out in an instant.
She can only remember bits and pieces, but it's more than enough to realize that she's been
betrayed.
Yuika: "What are the three of you thinking?!"
Rapunzel: "It's exactly what it looks like, shit-for-brains. We're sick and tired of having to obey your orders."
Yuika: "You're... betraying the Association?"
Even as Alice rapes her, she looks forward.
But her eyes eventually focus not on her subordinates, but on Yuna, who stands behind them with a
derisive smile on her lips.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I must say, your subordinates being so understanding really did help me."
Yuika: "You did this..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I did. But I will say that so long as you kept them on a leash with those weird devices inside their
bodies, this would have happened sooner or later even if I never did or said anything."
Yuika: "..."
Yuika responds to Yuna's words with only silence.
She can't in good faith say she's never considered the possibility.
Rapunzel's hate in particular had been quite obvious. Yuika had intended to negotiate with the
Association to get them to allow her to operate alone again.
Ｙｕｎａ: "For the time being... I believe this little thing is suspicious, hmm?"
Yuika: "Ah...!"
It's the detonation controller for the control devices, which Yuika had secretly carried on her person.
That precious device is now in Yuna's hands.
Ｙｕｎａ: "All I have to do is press this button right here, yes?"
Rapunzel: "Hey, keep your fingers off that button! You'll blow us the fuck up!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Heheh. Yes, right you are."
Rapunzel: "Hand the controller over. I can't concentrate with that thing in your hands."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Yes, yes, I'll just sit right here and watch, so have your way with the woman."
Yuna tosses the controller over to Rapunzel.
Rapunzel's face contorts in fear for a moment, but he swiftly snatches it out of the air with a
tentacle.
Rapunzel: "Right, nothing to fear anymore."
Alice: "Ooooh!"
Yuika: "Gaaaah?!"
Alice pulls Yuika's arms so far back that it feels as though her hands might tear off, making her
scream out.
He thrusts his hips up behind her, jamming his cock into the depths of her rectum.
Yuika: "A-Aaaaah! Stop it! S-Stooop! Nnnngh!"
Yuika withstands the pain while desperately clenching her teeth.
Alice's penis is obscenely large, as if to match the rest of his physique.
He's jammed it so forcefully inside her butt that part of her rectum has in fact been ripped.
Yuika: "H-Hii, guh, nnng... How dare you... Nnn, I-I won't forgive this...!"
Rapunzel: "What good is running your mouth gonna do you in this situation, eh? You really think that's gonna
help you any?"
Rapunzel: "And besides... I feel like being just as unforgiving as you were. Day in, day out, all you did was
boss me around."
Yuika: "G-Greteeeel! Y-You too...? Wh-What is the meaning of this... You, aaaagh, want to go free, too?"
Gretel: "Not at all. Even now, I am your loyal follower, Lady Yuika."
Yuika: "Then why are you...?!"
Gretel: "But the truth of the matter is that I am unsatisfied with the way things have gone until now."
Gretel: "I wanted to become one with you. To swear my loyalty to you in the truest sense of the word."
Gretel: "And I have finally learned the way to do that..."
Yuika: "...!"
Yuika shivers uneasily.
She doesn't understand what Gretel means by that, but it's clear that he's gone mad.
Or more precisely, while he's always been insane, his madness has taken on a new angle.
No one is left on her side.
With that fact thrust before her eyes, Yuika realizes the true terror of the situation she's in.
The possibility that there might be no escaping this begins to dawn on her.
Alice: "Ooooooh... Oooooooooooh!"
Yuika
(I-It hurts! It feels like he's going to tear my ass apart!)
Yuika
(Alice's penis... It's getting bigger? It was big to begin with, but now it's getting even bigger...)
Yuika: "Ugh! G-Gaaaaaaaaaah! S-Stop it! M-My arms... You're going to tear them off!"
Rapunzel: "Watch it, missy. Once Alice gets started, he completely goes off the rails. Don't expect him to be
gentle."
Yuika: "Nnng, aaah, aaah, it huuuuurts! Alice, stop it, it really hurts!"
Rapunzel: "Just give the fuck up. You're not going to talk your way out of this."
Rapunzel: "If you really want to escape the pain... You'll just have to drown it out with enough pleasure."
Yuika: "Aaaaaaaaah?!"
Rapunzel's tentacles thrust into her vagina.
Not just one, but several tentacles push into her at once.
Coiling like serpents, they immediately start rubbing hard against her inner walls.
Yuika: "Aaah, haaaaa?! Aaah, nnnng, gaaah! Aiyaaaaah!"
Cries tinged with both pain and pleasure escape her lips.
Indeed, while her anus and arms are screaming out only in pain, pleasure begins to radiate from her
vagina.
She has no way to resist either sensation.
She tries not to pathetically cry out, but the impacts inside her lower half leave her unable to resist.
Rapunzel: "Mm? Wait, this isn't your first...?"
Gretel: "What's the matter?"
Rapunzel: "Oh, nothing, nothing. Forget that, it looks like she's really starting to feel good."
Gretel: "Aaaah... Lady Yuika."
Gretel shuffles forward, huddling down in front of her.
His long, slender dick extends from his crotch, its tip reaching her lips.
Yuika: "G-Greteeeeel... Nng, if you're, doing this, f-for me, aaaagh, s-stop theeeeeem!"
Gretel: "I shall protect you... Your memories shall be etched upon my heart for all eternity... For as long as
I still draw breath..."
Yuika
(No good... I can't talk him out of this...)
Her despair only deepens.
The thrusting in her anus grows more intense. The impacts shake through her hips all the way up
into her chest, time and time again.
It's as if Alice is trying to whittle her intestines away. Every thrust causes the intense urge to vomit to
surge up in her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "This is amazing. Her ass must be completely ruined by now..."
Shizuha: "W-Wooow..."
Yuna chuckles while Shizuha shivers in excitement at the sight.
Shizuha's cheeks are flushed red. She's been rubbing her inner thighs together for a while now.
Shizuha: "Haa... Haa... Haa..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Just don't say you want to try it too later, all right, dear? They'll tear your every orifice."
Shizuha: "I-I wasn't going to say that!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "And besides, at this rate... I think broken orifices are going to be the least of her worries."
Alice: "Oooooooooooooooooooooooooh!"
Yuika: "Gaaaaaaaah?!"
Alice suddenly starts thrusting even faster.
He yanks Yuika's arms even further back as he sinks his cock completely inside her.
The pain from that easily overpowers the pleasure coming from her vagina, causing a hoarse scream
to escape her lips.
Yuika: "A-Aaaaaah, i-it hurts! U-Ughh, aaah, i-it huuurts, aaagh! Nnnnnnngh!"
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, oh boy, Alice is getting serious about this!"
Gretel: "L-Lady Yuika, I can't put it in when you thrash around like that."
Gretel, who had been trying to insert his penis into Yuika's mouth, takes a confused step back.
Even if he's betrayed her...
...Or maybe it's because he doesn't think he's actually betrayed her that he doesn't intend on forcing
her to take his penis.
Rapunzel: "Just do it in one go. Grab her head and shove it in."
Gretel: "I-I can't treat her with such violence..."
Rapunzel: "Then you can just stand there, with your schlong dangling and your balls blue for all I care."
Alice: "Oooooh! Ooooh! Oooooooooooooh!"
Yuika: "Aah... Nngaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Yuika howls as her arms are pulled with such force that it feels as though her bones will break.
By this point, she isn't feeling pleasure anymore.
She can hear cracking sounds behind her; her entire body is shaking.
Alice: "Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!"
Yuika: "Alice, wait! Really, wait!"
However, he's too busy swinging his hips manically with excitement.
His penis fervently thrusts in and out, stirring up her rectum.
The tearing sensation in her sphincter only adds to the pain.
Yuika: "It hurts! I'm telling you it hurts! It huー"
Yuika: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Her mind blanks out.
A blow that seems to gouge through her internal organs pierces through her. At the exact same
moment, her entire left arm is ripped off.
Yuika: "GaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaAaAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"
It takes a few seconds for the pain to fully sink in.
Blood spurts out from her shoulder, forming a red, sticky pool on the floor.
Yuika's eyes swerve toward her stump. What she sees fills her with more terror than she's ever
experienced before.
Yuika: "Aaaah, nnnnngh?! Th-This can't...! Wh-Why,
AaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Rapunzel: "Oooh, now that's a spectacle!"
Gretel: "S-So much of... Lady Yuika's blood..."
Alice: "Ooooooooh!"
Yuika: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Alice continues thrusting.
His rock-hard erection continues stirring up her anus.
Yuika: "Gaaah, ugh, aaah..."
Her consciousness is rapidly flickering out.
Losing so much blood is filling her with vertigo and nausea as her body temperature plummets.
Death encroaches on her consciousness: cold, certain, and merciless.
If her wound doesn't receive some kind of treatment soon, she will certainly bleed out and die.
Yuika: "Nng, aaah... Ugh, aaah... H-Help..."
Rapunzel: "Well, I can't hold back any longer, now can I?"
Gretel: "I-I cannot stay idle, either!"
Gretel mutters out in a panicked tone.
That Yuika's arm has just been torn off doesn't seem to bother him one bit.
Gretel: "In that case, I must steel my resolve as well."
ーResolve.
In the end, that was all Gretel really lacked.
He cares for Yuika so much that he couldn't bring himself to take the last step forward.
But now that Alice has taken things so far, he can no longer afford to waver.
All to truly swear loyalty to Yuika, in the truest sense of the wordー
Gretel: "Lady Yuika, we will now become one...!"
ーHe pushes his penis against her eye.
Yuika: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Gretel: "Mm...?"
Yuika: "Aaah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Wh-What are you doing...?!"
Gretel: "Oh my... It seems I've missed my mark."
His cock gouges into her eye socket.
Her eyeball is crushed all too easily, causing blood to cascade down her face.
Yuika: "Uuug, gaaah... Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"
Yuika screams.
A pain entirely different from having her arm torn off rushes through her body now.
Gretel: "Aaah... So this is what it feels like inside your body, Lady Yuika..."
Gretel's voice is full of rapture.
Although he'd originally intended to use her mouth, he finds this warmth pleasant nonetheless.
Yuika: "Ah, aaah, aah... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Yuika
(It hurts, it hurts, it hurts... My eye... My arm... It all huuuuuurts!)
Yuika: "Ithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsi
thurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsith
urtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurtsithurts!!!!"
The words echo within her thoughts like some kind of cursed chant.
They force out all other ideas, leaving her mind scattered and jumbled. Bloodstained tears streak
down her cheeks.
Gretel: "This... This sensation... It's paradise..."
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, you really know how to pull your weight when it counts, huh."
Rapunzel: "All right, time for a special treat. I'll show you my ace in the hole."
Yuika: "ーUuuuuuuuuuuugh?!"
The tentacles that invaded her pussy start moving faster.
The tentacles all coil around each other, forming themselves into the shape of a drill.
Yuika: "Wh-What?! Ugh, aaah, what are you...?!"
Rapunzel: "Amazing, ain't it? This is how I shish kabob my enemies."
Yuika: "Shish... kabob...?!"
A shudder of terror runs through her.
Given Rapunzel's personality, his words probably aren't some kind of euphemism.
ーThis drill is about to shish kabob her vagina.
The horror of that idea needs no further explanation.
Yuika: "W-Wait..."
Rapunzel: "Finally. It really feels like finally, at long last, this day's come."
Rapunzel: "I always hated you. Acting like our leader and bossing us around."
Rapunzel: "So I'm gonna take that pent-up grudge... And hammer it all into you!"
Yuika: "GaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Simply put, this is torture.
Rapunzel's drill starts rotating mercilessly, carving through her vagina.
Her womb is reduced to bloody gore. Soon enough, even the flesh beyond it is blended to pulp.
Her vital organs are soon subjected to its violent assault.
Yuika: "OoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooOooooooooooooooooooooooooOoooooooooo
ooooUuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuOooooooooooooooooooooooooAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
She screeches and bellows.
Pain is not a sufficient word to describe the agony burning through her body.
Yuika
(Dy...iiiiiiiiiiing....!)
Something deep roars in her ears.
It is the sound of her body being turned inside out.
The tip of Rapunzel's drill reduces her flesh, blood, and bone to liquid as it climbs up into her
throat.
And then...
Yuika: "ーBwfah?!"
The tip of Rapunzel's drill bursts out from her mouth.
A vigorous spray of blood and gore gushes out, painting the floor red.
Yuika: "Ugh... Ah... Oh..."
Yuika
(D-D-Dying... This is... going to kill me...)
At this point, Yuika's on the brink of death.
It's a miracle she hasn't died yet, given that her body has been penetrated from end to end.
Yet Rapunzel's drill continues rotating, soon adding her tongue and teeth to the churning mixture.
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha, this is great! You've seriously got me turned on now!"
Gretel: "Aah, Lady Yuika... I cannot hold back anymore..."
Alice: "Ooooooh! Ooooooooooooooooooooooh!"
Each of them is overcome by carnal passion in their own way.
None of them care if she is alive or not anymore.
Each of the three races toward climax. Alice, through thrusting his hips; Rapunzel, through rotating
his drill; and Gretel, through basking in her warmth.
And thenー
Each of them sprays their white seed into Yuika's tattered, dying flesh.
Yuika: "........."
She gives no response to their climaxes.
Her heart still barely beats, but at this point, her five senses have completely shut off.
Her consciousness will soon follow, as she is on the verge of death.
One final thought crosses her mind...
Yuika
(I... w-wanted to... live... lon...)
Yuika: "Bfwah..."
Rapunzel and Gretel respectively pull out their tentacles and dick.
A voice escapes Yuika's lips, but it's not because she's conscious, or even alive for that matter.
Her fate is simply too cruel.
Yuika, who had always maintained a dignified expression, has had her features stained with blood
and crushed in a ghastly manner.
Rapunzel: "Pheeeew. That was fun."
Gretel: "Me, too. I now understand Lady Yuika more deeply than ever before."
Alice: "..."
Rapunzel: "You satisfied, Alice?"
Alice: "Yeah."
Alice is the only one who still has his dick inside her body. He gives her a silent look.
Alice: "...She dead?"
Rapunzel: "Well, yeah. After going this far, I'd be more surprised if she wasn't."
Alice: "Mm."
After giving that dull reaction, Alice pulls himself out as well.
However, his glans is so thick that pulling it out also yanks out Yuika's rectum.
Her body gives one final twitch; the final reaction her body will ever make.
This is how the girl who fought as a Hunter meets her end...
Alice: "It was all too quick, really."
Looking at the aftermath, Alice speaks in an disinterested tone.
Yuika's body continues falling apart, spilling shards of bone, lumps of flesh, and tattered internal
organs over the floor.
Her thighs are still barely attached to her hips, but her genitals are a ruined mess. Her vagina is little
more than a gaping hole spewing out blood.
Alice: "Even with all her training in the Association, that part of her was weak and fragile."
Rapunzel: "Heh, well, what do you expect when you push something that huge into her hole?"
Alice: "Like you're one to talk about shoving unusual things into people's holes."
Rapunzel: "That there was my super-special finisher move."
Rapunzel raises his tentacles and reforms the rotating drill as if to illustrate his point.
While he just used it as a torture method, it functions just as well as a weapon in proper combat.
Gretel: "Well, what do we do next?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Well, you should probably get those bombs out of your chests first. I thought about it for some
time; are there any doctors here in Chisakura who can remove them?"
Alice: "I don't know. A capable doctor might be able to pull it off."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Then it's simple. I'll turn the doctors into my minions and have them operate on you three."
Rapunzel: "For real? We can have these things removed without even leaving this city?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I can't say for sure, but it's worth a shot, isn't it?"
Gretel: "Well, if they mess up, the doctors will get blown to smithereens as well."
For all their grievances, the three of them agree with Yuna's suggestion.
Finding a doctor here in the city feels like a much safer bet than wandering around blindly and
hoping for the best.
Once the control devices' bombs are no longer a concern, the trio will be free to fight the
Association on even terms.
Alice: "How do we know you won't double-cross us?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm fighting the Association, you know? I'd get absolutely nothing out of picking a fight with you
three."
Shizuha: "Are we really going to fight them, Yuna?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "This is our chance. If we don't fight them at some point, we'll spend the rest of our lives on the
run."
Ｙｕｎａ: "We won't survive the coming years if we're being tracked by Hunters all the time."
Ｙｕｎａ: "If we want to escape this kind of life, we have to take this chance to strike back against them."
Rapunzel: "You're serious about this, aren't ya? I like it."
Alice: "Fighting by your side means I'll have more strong opponents to face."
Gretel: "Come with me, Lady Yuika. Let us win our true freedom, with our own two hands."
None of them truly trust each other, but at the very least their interests are aligned.
Yuna and Shizuha have chosen to stop running, and to instead stand their ground and fight.
The fact they must ally with biological weapons is irrelevant.
Yuna is willing to use anything at her disposal to be able to live with Shizuha in peace.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Then let's begin by turning everyone in this city into our minions."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm sure that before long, this place will become an open battlefield for our war."
Rapunzel: "Good shit. I'm getting fired up now."
Alice: "Any less than that would be disappointing."
Gretel: "Aah, Lady Yuika..."
With that, Yuna's plan is set into motion.
True to her words, the residents of Chisakura are made into Vampiric minions. Her faction grows in
numbers and strength.
The doctors of the city hospital successfully remove the biological weapons' control devices.
Everything goes smoothly.
No major incidents occur while Yuna prepares for the battle to come.
The Hunter's Association only notices the disturbance in Chisakura after her preparations are
complete.
They prepare a large-scale force in order to exterminate the Vampire infestation that had taken over
the town...
Rapunzel: "Here they come."
Rapunzel says as he narrows his eyes where he stands along Chisakura's defensive line.
They're still a ways off, but he can see the Association's special unit positioned on the other side of
Chisakura's great bridge.
Alice: "It's finally time."
Gretel: "Lady Yuika... Grant us victory..."
Alice clenches his fist.
Gretel brings his hands together before his chest as if in prayer, before running his fingers along the
part of Yuika he's wearing.
Yes; an outfit of Yuika's remains.
It is stitched together from her flesh, bones, skin, hair, and entrails.
Each of the three are wearing something similar, each for their own reasons and goals.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa... It must smell terrible downwind from us."
Shizuha: "It stinks..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "It will do a good job of shaking the Association's composure."
Yuna's lips turn upwards in a sneer as she gazes at the Association's unit in the distance.
From the Association's perspective, having three biological weapons turn to the enemy's side and
wear the remains of a Hunter's corpse like some kind of uniform must be particularly unnerving.
They have a strong edge when it comes to psychological warfare.
Shizuha: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't worry. We've prepared a great deal for today."
Shizuha: "I know, but..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, believe in me. We'll win this, I know it."
Ｙｕｎａ: "So... Just stay by my side."
Shizuha: "Ah..."
Yuna gently grips Shizuha's hand.
Shizuha looks at her with surprise, but eventually closes her eyes calmly.
Shizuha: "Yeah... I'll stay by your side, until the very end... Always."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Yes, please do. We'll always be together... Whether in life or death."
Yuna grips Shizuha's hand tightly.
In turn, Shizuha squeezes back.
It's as if they're confirming each other's presence.
Gretel: "They're moving out."
The Association's force in the distance is beginning to march toward the city.
Moving together in formation, they begin their attack upon Chisakura.
Rapunzel: "Ahahaha. Time to butcher the men. The women we rape, and then we butcher them."
Alice: "All right. Who's the strongest one?"
Alice and Rapunzel rouse themselves.
Many of the Vampires standing on alert do the same.
After throwing one last gaze behind her, Yuna turns her eyes to the Association unit advancing
toward them.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Now, let's begin. This is our war... The battle where we win our freedom!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, you run that way. I'll go this way."
Shizuha: "Huh?"
Shizuha stares at Yuna, her eyes wide.
She doesn't understand what Yuna's saying. She can only look at her with a dumbfounded
expression.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't make that face. It's better than us trying to run away together."
Shizuha: "Wh-Why? Why can't we go together?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "There's at least four Hunters out there. If we run together, all four of them will go after us."
Ｙｕｎａ: "But if we split up, they'll be forced to as well."
Ｙｕｎａ: "That, or one of us will be attacked by all four at once."
Shizuha: "And if that happens... the other one will be safe...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "...I think that will be the case."
Yuna can't bring herself to lie to her.
Without knowing just what the Hunters plan, Yuna can't think of a way to guarantee that they both
survive.
Yuna only suggests this from the belief that it will raise their individual chances of survival.
Shizuha: "So we split up, but what do we do after that?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Right... Let's agree on a spot to regroup at."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...That place will do. Remember that town we were in before, with the iron pylon? If we wait on
top of that pylon, it'll be easy for us to find each other."
Shizuha: "But that town's... really far away."
Ｙｕｎａ: "That's what's good about it. If it's too close, there's a good chance that they will find us again."
Shizuha: "I understand what you're saying, but..."
Shizuha drops her gaze anxiously.
Yuna can't fault her for doubting.
It will be the first time the two of them have parted ways.
Shizuha has no confidence that she'll be able to fight off a Hunter all by herself.
Ｙｕｎａ: "We need to act cautiously. Even if you reach the bridge... No, even if you cross the bridge, you
mustn't let your guard down. Understood?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "There's always a chance of an ambush, or a trap."
Ｙｕｎａ: "So either keep running, or find a place to hide. Be decisive and act with purpose."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You'll be fine. I know you're more used to this course of action than I am."
Shizuha: "But..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Now go on. We don't have much time left. A Hunter could come here any minute now."
Shizuha: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Understood? Don't think of fighting them. If they find you, run as fast as you can."
Ｙｕｎａ: "As far away as you have to... To a place where they won't be able to follow you."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And if you have to... make use of any Humans you find. That's how Vampires live."
Shizuha: "..."
Shizuha perfectly understands what Yuna means.
To "make use of humans" means to drink their blood and turn them into her minions.
If she does that, she can order them to buy her time so she can run for safety.
Shizuha: "A Vampire's... way of life..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Go on. There's someone coming."
Shizuha: "...A Hunter?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "No point in finding out the hard way. Just run. Cross the bridge once you have the chance. But be
careful about it, yes?"
Shizuha: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "This is an order, understood? Do as I tell you."
Shizuha: "...Understood."
Bitterly accepting those words, Shizuha turns in the direction Yuna pointed at.
Soon, however, she stops and turns around, looking at Yuna with tears in her eyes.
Shizuha: "We'll... meet again, right?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Assuming you don't get lost on the way to our rendezvous."
Shizuha: "Right... I'll be careful."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha."
Shizuha: "Huh?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "If... If the Hunters chase you down, and you absolutely can't get away... Fight them."
Shizuha: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I want you to fight them... so you can survive and meet me again."
Shizuha: "Fight..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Now go."
Shizuha: "...All right."
With an anxious expression, Shizuha runs off.
By the time she disappears behind a building across the road, silence settles over the area.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
This is a gamble.
Can they shake off the Hunters' pursuit, or will they get caught?
Another idea occurs to Yuna.
It is a way to increase Shizuha's chances of escaping safely.
The method is quite simple.
She intercepts the Hunters here and now, and stalls them for as long as she can.
Ｙｕｎａ: "If I draw in all the enemies, Shizuha should be able to make her way out of this city..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Or I could lure all of them to me and leave the city. Shizuha can leave the city safely once we're all
gone."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I... can't see myself winning a four on one fight."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm not sure I can draw all of their attention and still find a chance to run, either..."
She doesn't have the time to be indecisive.
There's already one presence approaching her.
Does she run, or does she fight?
The time to decide is now or never.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I've got to try it."
Yuna makes her decision, her body trembling.
Rather than flee, she stands in the middle of the road, awaiting her opponent.
Before long, someone appears...
Rapunzel: "Huh? What's this? Why aren't you running?"
He is a lanky man, clad in a suit and a top hat.
Yuna narrows her eyes, noting how blatantly abnormal her opponent is.
Ｙｕｎａ: "...? What... are you?"
Rapunzel: "A Hunter. Affiliated with the Association and all that jazz."
Ｙｕｎａ: "The way you look. You're not human..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "One of the Association's biological weapons? I've heard the rumors, but..."
Rapunzel: "Well, there you have it."
Rapunzel shrugs with a smile.
He can't help but smirk when faced with prey: a Vampire.
Rapunzel: "But boy, am I lucky. Having a beauty like you all to myself to torture."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...You're in for a world of pain if you're going to get cocky around me."
Rapunzel: "Ooh, spicy. You wanna face me head-on?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Are you the only one here, by the way? I thought there were more of you people."
Rapunzel: "Yeah, we all split up. I mean, this is a game."
Ｙｕｎａ: "A game?"
Rapunzel: "A game to see which of us can kill the most Vamps."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Disgusting."
Rapunzel: "It was you, right? The one who converted all the people in the club and around town into Vamps."
Rapunzel: "We know you're just two females. Figured you'd be running straight for the bridge, though... At
least you were smart enough to not do that, I'll give you that much."
Ｙｕｎａ: "A compliment from you only makes my skin crawl."
Rapunzel: "Where's the other Vampire, by the way? Did you hide her somewhere?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "That goes without saying."
As she glares at Rapunzel, Yuna extends her claws.
This is a Vampire's basic method of attack.
Razor sharp, they pack enough force to cut through concrete.
Rapunzel: "Man, you Vamps don't have any class. Every single one of you uses this one stupid method.
Getting bored of it."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Are you, now...? I guess I'll have to make sure you never put up with this again. By snuffing out
your life, that is."
Rapunzel: "Ha! Do it if you can, bitch!"
They both kick the asphalt and launch themselves into battle.
Soon enough...
Rapunzel: "Ugh, aaah... God... dammit..."
Rapunzel curses, his voice filled with pain.
Yuna's claws are buried inside his chest. She has gouged out his heart; a certainly fatal injury.
Rapunzel: "How did I lose to... someone like you...?!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haaa!"
Yuna swings her arm as hard as she can.
She rips out a section of his chest, ending his life then and there.
Rapunzel: "Agh...!"
Rapunzel falls headfirst into the ground, black blood spurting from his wound.
Yuna doesn't budge, cautiously watching over him for a few long moments.
Is he really dead, or is he just waiting for an opening?
Any ordinary human would succumb to the wounds she inflicted on Rapunzel, but this is one of
the Association's biological weapons.
She wouldn't be surprised if he were still alive somehow.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
However, Rapunzel doesn't so much as stir.
He's not breathing, either.
After glaring at him for nearly a minute, Yuna is finally satisfied that Rapunzel is indeed dead.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa..."
Relaxing out of her combat stance, she lets out a heavy sigh.
For the time being she's not in danger, but it's far too soon for her to relax.
There are still at least three enemies at large.
As much as she would like to take down the remaining three with her own hands, she doesn't have
the ability to at the moment.
Ｙｕｎａ: "No one's coming... Dammit. Does that mean they went after Shizuha instead...?"
It's certainly possible, but she can't afford to go searching now.
If she runs into an enemy in her current state by searching for Shizuha, Yuna will undoubtedly be
killed.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha... Be safe."
Ignoring the dull pain spreading throughout her body, Yuna heads in the direction of the bridge.
She can't fight any longer, so she needs to get out of Chisakura as fast as possible.
Shizuha's whereabouts are firmly on her mind, but for now Yuna's must prioritize her own safety
first.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa... Haa... Haa..."
Dragging her wounded body across the bridge, Yuna makes her way to the mainland.
The wounds she suffered during the battle haven't healed yet.
If she were to find a human and suck their blood, it would accelerate her regeneration. However,
recklessly creating an incident at this point will only serve to alert the enemy to her whereabouts.
After some deliberation, Yuna had decided leaving that Chisakura was the correct course of action.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa... Haa... Haa... Haa..."
Apparently, she has lost more blood than she initially thought. Her head is spinning.
She has to get to safety.
That means rendezvousing with Shizuha.
That idea dominates her thoughts, distracting her from her surroundings.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Huh...?"
Her leg touches against something.
Right as she realizes that, she's blinded by a bright white light.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah...!"
Even after the light fades, she remains unable to see for a while longer.
Covering her face with a hand, she staggers back a few steps. A moment later, a powerful blow
lands on the back of her head.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh, aaah...!"
Yuika: "That makes one."
Yuna's consciousness flickers out.
Before she can even realize she's been attacked, Yuna topples over onto the asphalt...
Ｙｕｎａ: "U-Ugh..."
Awakening to what looks like a hospital operating room, Yuna lets out a faint moan.
Several minutes pass once she regains consciousness.
They're all she needs to get a good grasp on the situation she's in.
Ｙｕｎａ
(The Association... captured me.)
Ｙｏｕｎｇ　Ｍａｎ＇ｓ　Ｖｏｉｃｅ: "She's awake, professor."
A man's voice soon reaches her ears.
She turns her face away from it, only to find someone standing by her head.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Wh-Who is it...?"
She tries to sit up, but her body won't move.
Both of her elbows and thighs have been restrained by metal fixtures.
Ｍａｎ　Ｎｅａｒ　Ｈｅｒ　Ａｂｄｏｍｅｎ: "Good morning, sunshine. Would you be so kind as to tell us your name?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Ｍａｎ　Ｎｅａｒ　Ｈｅｒ　Ａｂｄｏｍｅｎ: "Come on. You can at least give us your name."
Keaton: "Or perhaps we ought to introduce ourselves first? I'm Keaton, a researcher affiliated with the
Hunters' Association."
Keaton: "And this gentleman right here is my assistant, Shinohara."
Shinohara: "Hello there, Miss Vampire."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Yuna falls silent.
She doesn't know much yet, but she can already tell they're her enemies.
That means there's no point in talking to them. Her sole avenue of resistance will be to remain silent
until the end comes.
Ｙｕｎａ
(I'm going to die, aren't I...?)
She doesn't believe she's going to survive this.
She is probably in one of the Association's facilities.
Her body is restrained, making escape impossible.
Even if she could escape, this place is crawling with Hunters.
She'd never be able to escape unscathed.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Just hurry up and kill me already..."
Keaton: "That's brave of you to say. But really, this saves us the trouble."
Keaton: "That said, it's not often we get the body of a living Vampire. You'll be very useful for our research."
Keaton: "Shinohara, could you take some good photos of her right now?"
Shinohara: "Yes, sir."
The man named Shinohara takes a camera and points it toward Yuna.
As soon as the shutter clicks, he changes position and takes another picture from a different angle.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Yuna remains silent.
As shameful and embarrassing as this is, complaining will get her nowhere.
She doesn't know what's going to happen to her. The only thing she can really do is pray for a
peaceful death.
Ｙｕｎａ
(Oh, did Shizuha get away safely...?)
Shinohara: "And now from this angle... And this one... And one from here, for safekeeping."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...!"
Shinohara moves the camera toward Yuna's lower body, taking a few pictures of that area.
It's only then that she realizes that Keaton's penis is inserted into her genitalia.
Shinohara: "No blood. So she's not a virgin, after all. I suppose all Vampires fornicate..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Shinohara: "Oh, I should snap a picture of that expression. That shame in your eyes. Exquisite."
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're scum..."
Despite herself, Yuna lets out a curse.
She'd hoped to resist by sticking to her silence, but she can't help but talk back.
Keaton: "You're not a virgin, but otherwise, a fine specimen."
Shinohara: "I'm surprised you can stick your dick in her. I'd be terrified of catching an infection."
Keaton: "Mating with a Vampire doesn't transmit Vampirism. Past records prove this clearly."
Shinohara: "But still..."
Shinohara gives his colleague a forced smile, the camera still in his hands.
In his mind, Vampires are no different than people infected with the plague.
In all honesty, even touching a Vampire strikes him as appalling. Having sex with one is entirely out
of the question.
Keaton: "Now then, today let's experiment with acupuncture."
Shinohara: "Are we really doing that...?"
Keaton: "Remind me, Shinohara, what's our goal again?"
Shinohara: "Establishing a method of turning people infected with Vampirism back to normal."
Keaton: "Precisely. And to that end, we must investigate every avenue and method available to us."
Shinohara: "But really, acupuncture...?"
Keaton: "Anyway, bring the tools over."
Shinohara: "Yes, sir..."
Shinohara lets out an exasperated sigh and disappears from Shizuha's field of vision.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Everything about that exchange strikes Yuna as disturbing.
There's no way of turning people who've been turned into Vampires back to normal.
Of course, Yuna won't go so far as to claim that all experimentation is worthless, but everything has
a reasonable limit.
Shinohara: "Here it is, professor."
Keaton: "Thank you. Then let's begin, shall we?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh...!"
He jabs multiple small needles into her body.
Tiny jolts of pain shoot through her nerves, but it's not enough to force her to scream.
Keaton: "Over here... And here... And here..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Keaton: "You're not screaming, are you? I appreciate you sparing our ears."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Keaton: "And, over here, too..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nng...!"
He stabs more needles into her.
This much, however, is still far from causing any notable agony.
If anything, the sensation of the penis invading her privates is far more unpleasant.
Keaton: "Hmm, no change so far."
Shinohara: "Obviously."
Shinohara: "Do you even know how to perform acupuncture, professor?"
Keaton: "I read a book about it last night."
Shinohara: "What are you, a kid cramming for an exam?!"
Keaton: "We just need to stab her here, too. Like this."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nng, kuh...!"
Yuna's body quivers as more needles stab into her.
As the number of needles grows, the pain intensifies. But even so, this isn't enough to make her
raise her voice.
However, she can't help but grow nervous. Not knowing how long this nonsense will last, nor when
it'll come to an end, causes her anxiety to grow.
Keaton: "Her eyes are still red... I suppose normal needles aren't going to do anything."
Shinohara: "C'mon, it has nothing to do with normal or abnormal needles..."
Keaton: "Shinohara, could you bring me the specially made one over there?"
Shinohara: "Specially made?"
Keaton: "Over there, on that shelf."
Shinohara: "...You mean this?"
Shinohara: "Huh? Seriously? You mean this?"
Keaton: "Yes, that's the one."
Shinohara: "A-A needle...? No, that's a..."
Keaton: "Hurry, bring it over."
The two men are talking about something out of sight for her.
All she can do is withstand the horror of whatever it is they're going to do to her next.
Keaton: "Yes, stab her in that spot."
Shinohara: "Huh?! You want me to do it?!"
Keaton: "I'm inside her right now. I can't move from this position at the moment."
Shinohara: "Then just pull out... It's not like you're moving or anything..."
Keaton: "I personally can't find Vampires to be sexually appealing."
Shinohara: "Then why did you stick your dick in her in the first place...?"
Shinohara sighs.
Yuna can't help but feel confused by their oddly cheerful demeanor.
Do these people really intend to kill her?
Maybe all they want to do is toy with her like some kind of plaything instead of killing her.
She's not sure which of the two she'd prefer, but at the moment, she isn't as terrified for her life as
she initially was.
Keaton: "Shinohara, please hurry up."
Shinohara: "Huh. So you want me to take this, and..."
Shinohara: "Fine, whatever. It's just a Vampire. I'll follow your lead."
Shinohara: "And a one, a two...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaagh?!"
Yuna is suddenly assailed by intense pain.
Something like a small, thin harpoon stabs through both of Yuna's breasts, from one mound into
the other.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
This time, she screams.
The pain from this is far beyond what the small needles inflicted. She can't help but raise her voice.
Shinohara: "Whoa. That looks painful..."
Keaton: "You say that, but you stabbed that into her quite hard."
Shinohara: "You're the one who told me to do that!"
Keaton: "The book I read yesterday says there should be an acupuncture point there too..."
Shinohara: "What acupuncture point...? Besides, even if there's a point there, stabbing through it defeats the
purpose."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gaaah, aah, aaah, ugh, nng... Gaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Wh-What are you... Ugh, aaah,
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Yuna screams, unable to withstand the pain.
What's being done to her is completely irrational.
She absolutely cannot understand what meaning their acts might have.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaa, aaaaaaah, aaaah, ugh, aaah, guh, ah, aaaaah! Gaaaah, ugh, nnngh, nn, aaaaaaaaaah! What are
you... doiiiiiiiing?!"
Keaton: "Didn't you hear me when we first started? We perform countless experiments in search of a method
to save you Vampires."
Keaton: "We've yet to discover one, but I intend to find it at all costs."
Shinohara: "I'm sure you understand already, but you should take anything this guy says with a grain of salt."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gah, aaah... K-Kill... Kill you...!"
While she can withstand this level of pain, she can no longer control her anger.
She won't believe a word of what they say.
She strains her limbs, trying to forcefully break through the restraints hold her in place.
Keaton: "Hmm. I suppose it's too difficult for you to understand this."
Keaton: "That said, it'd be terrible if your restraints were to come off. We should tighten them."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gaaaaah?!"
The bolt on the restraint holding her arm in place gets tightened to the point of forcing Yuna to let
out a shrill scream.
A pain entirely different than that caused by the massive needle fills her body.
Keaton: "Shinohara, could you tighten that bolt over there?"
Shinohara: "Aye aye, captain..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Uuuugh?! Gaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Each time the bolts are tightened, their tips screw into her flesh.
Keaton and Shinohara work without hesitation. The ends of the bolts gradually drill into her skin,
bite into her muscles, and grind against her bones.
Shinohara: "They might be troublesome, so let's do her legs too."
Keaton: "Right, I'll handle them then. Shinohara, keep tightening those ones on her arms."
Shinohara: "Should I really just do it in one go...?"
Keaton: "It's fine, yes. I'll do the same."
Shinohara: "All right.. Here we... go!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nnnnngaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
The bolts of the constraints finally cut into her flesh.
Red blood spurts out, seeping from between the restraints.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hii, nnngh, aaaah, guh, aaaaaaaaaaaaah! Ah, ah, aaaaaaaaah! Nnng, uuu, gaaaaaah,
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Shinohara: "Yeah, that must hurt. Your bones must be crushed."
Keaton: "Being a Vampire doesn't make you immune to pain, it seems."
Shinohara: "Do we really have to keep her restrained like this?"
Keaton: "Didn't they teach you about this during your induction course? This is a classic, most basic method
of restraining Vampires."
Shinohara: "Classic and basic, huh...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aah, aaah, aah..."
Keaton: "Ooh, but forget that, her vagina just clenched down on me! Quite the pressure."
Shinohara: "I could do without the commentary."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh, uuu, ah... Nng, aaah...!"
The pain of her limbs being crushed is beyond description.
It exceeds even a Vampire's heightened pain threshold.
If she could move at all, she'd rip her way to freedom, but her limbs are too tightly restrained for
even that.
Keaton: "Hm, is this a characteristic unique to her, or do all Vampires share it? Fascinating."
Shinohara: "Didn't her pussy just contract from all that pain?"
Keaton: "I must find out... I want to understand her more deeply."
Shinohara: "Oh, crap. He's in that weird mood again."
Ｙｕｎａ: "U-Uuu... Agh, aaah..."
Yuna glares at Keaton as she withstands the pain.
Some part of her wonders if tightening her vagina even more might allow her to tear off his dick.
But what Keaton says next completely chases away her anger.
Keaton: "Shinohara, a scalpel."
Shinohara: "Coming right up."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
She can't believe what she just heard.
Some part of her can't help but wonder if she'd misheard what they just said.
However, she can see with her very own eyes Shinohara handing Keaton a scalpel.
She understands exactly what that tool is used for.
Keaton: "To further my understanding of her, I must first slice her stomach open."
Shinohara: "You say that like you don't want to, but you look really excited about it..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Wh...at...?"
Yuna's entire body shivers with dread.
Her blood feels frozen in her veins as she imagines what's about to come.
Keaton menaces her with the approaching scalpel.
Ｙｕｎａ: "W-Wait... What are you... thinking...?"
Keaton: "Like I said earlier, I wish to understand you more deeply."
Ｙｕｎａ: "U-Understand me...?"
Keaton: "Your heart and your body. But of course, your body is that much easier to study."
Ｙｕｎａ: "J-Just kill me and be done with it!"
She bellows out in terror.
While she knew her life was forfeit the moment she had been captured, she had hoped for a swift
death.
However, she had no way of knowing what was in store for her.
She couldn't possibly have known about exactly what Vampires are subjected to in the Association's
clutches...
...Or the depths of the eccentric depravity that the doctors of the Association will stoop to.
Keaton: "You seem to be under some kind of misunderstanding, but I have no intention of killing you.
You're a precious specimen, and I've grown quite fond of you."
Keaton: "And so I truly... earnestly... wish to see all and everything that you are."
Keaton: "Now, reveal all that you have before me."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
Yuna gazes in terror as the scalpel makes contact with her chest, then slides down to her abdomen.
It's a perfectly straight incision. Keaton shows no hesitation or emotion at the thought of cutting
Yuna open while she's still alive.
For a moment, not even blood escapes her, but her eyes widen in pure terror nonetheless.
The incision is so clean that she hardly feels any pain, but the fear of what is to come still forces a
scream from her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "A-Aaah... Aaaaaaaaaaaaah...!"
Keaton: "Say hello... to your insides..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "GaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaa
aaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaah!"
This time she screams as hard as she can.
Keaton forces his hands into the incision, wrenching it open.
He exposes her flesh, bones, and internal organs.
It's so painful that her sanity snaps like a twig. She can do nothing but scream.
Overcome by unspeakable pain and indescribable terror, Yuna desperately screams out.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, aah, ugh, aaaaaaaaaah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaah!
Nghaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Keaton: "Don't worry. This isn't enough to kill a Vampire."
Keaton: "More importantly... What a beautiful sight. Your colors are lovely."
Even as he speaks, Keaton pins her opened flesh to the table.
He does it without any of the delicacy from before, though. He pierces her with large bolts, filling
her body with further pain.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I-It huuuuuurds, ah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Shinohara: "Crap, I'm not good with this kinda stuff..."
Keaton: "Oooh... It contracts... Your vagina is contracting..."
Keaton: "And look. There, can you see my glans through there?"
Shinohara: "I don't want to look, and I don't want to hear about it either."
Keaton: "This is quite... Aaah, yes. Exhilarating. Exciting. I can't help but move."
Ｙｕｎａ: "N-Nooo, aah, aaaaaaaaaah, h-heeeelp...!"
At this point, Yuna doesn't even know what she's screaming anymore.
Keaton has begun thrusting his hips, but that fact hardly registers.
Her body has been pierced too many times in too many places already for her to care much about
that.
Keaton: "Behold, this is sex. Coitus between a man and a Vampire. This is not  an act that can lead to
infection."
Shinohara: "Nooo, I'm pretty sure that depending on the disease, sex can definitely get you infected with stuff."
Shinohara: "...Though I guess if this doesn't cause infection, it does prove that humans turning to Vampires
doesn't have anything to do with blood or body fluid contact."
Keaton: "It's hard to say that for certain. But if nothing else, I can say with certainty that sex does not lead to
Vampiric infection."
Keaton: "And besides, no regular infection explains why a Vampiric minion is compelled to obey its master's
orders."
Shinohara: "Yeah, unless they have a particularly strong will, a Vampiric minion always obeys."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh, aah, aaaah, ugh, gaaaaaah...!"
Yuna continues her agonized, hoarse screaming.
Her crushed limbs and exposed insides continually transmit pain to her brain.
She tries to move her body, but her restraints render her attempts futile.
Unable to move, she can only scream as large tears stream down her face.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Kill, me... Kill me already...!"
She wrings those words out.
She can no longer wish for anything else.
Keaton said he wouldn't kill her, but death is preferable to this treatment.
Nausea boils inside her chest, causing her to vomit in between screams.
Ｙｕｎａ: "U-Ugh, aaah... Nnnnngh...!"
Shinohara: "I know you're good at this stuff, professor, but I'm shocked she's still alive after all this."
Shinohara: "What next, though? Don't tell me you're gonna keep her alive with her guts cut open like this."
Keaton: "Don't worry... Aaah, I think I'll be able to cum like this."
Shinohara: "No, I wasn't asking about that. I couldn't care less about that."
Keaton: "This is the first time I've met a woman like this. It's the first time I've... aaah... experienced such
tightness..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "K-Kill, me, ugh, aaah, aaah, hurry, ugh, aaah, huuurry, k-kill... me... Kill me!"
Keaton: "Oooh, Vampire maiden... Accept this!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaah...?!"
Her body shivers as she feels something warm spill into her.
In her current position, she can't look and see, but she knows what just happened.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aah, aaaah, no... Ah...!"
Disgust soaks through her.
She understands, whether she likes it or not, that she's been defiled in the truest sense of the word.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooo!"
She lets out a scream as she weeps.
Screaming only increases the pain, but she can't help but do it anyway.
Keaton: "Behold, Shinohara, this mixture of red and white. It's simply beautiful."
Shinohara: "Ah, yeah, I, uhh, I bet. Beautiful. Lovely."
Shinohara looks away, picking at his ear with one of his fingers.
The shape Yuna is in is becoming increasingly more unbearable to look at. He's starting to feel
nauseous just by looking at her.
Keaton: "I've decided to negotiate with the Association regarding her treatment. I will have her registered as
my test subject, so she can live here with us permanently."
Shinohara: "With her guts bulging out? She'll end up catching some kind of infection."
Keaton: "Have you forgotten that I'm a doctor? If a sick patient is set before me, I merely need to treat
them."
Shinohara: "You're the worst..."
Keaton: "Mm?"
Shinohara: "Oh, nothing. I was just thinking that you're the best, professor!"
Keaton: "...That said, this could impact her immune system. In order to ensure she can live with her internals
exposed, we need..."
Keaton: "Right, acupuncture!"
Shinohara: "Huh. We're back to that, huh?"
Keaton: "It's something no one's ever achieved before. Acupuncture, performed directly on one's internal
organs. We are on the verge of stepping into a new world!"
Shinohara: "There's so many things wrong with what you just said that I'm not sure where to start..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aah, aaaaaah, aah..."
Yuna can still hear their conversation.
Everything they said was completely and utterly absurd.
She doesn't want to believe that anything they just talked about will actually come to pass.
However, she comes to the dreadful understanding that they're not merely joking around.
Keaton is entirely capable of doing everything he just described.
If he said he's about to perform acupuncture on her...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"
...Then surely he has no qualms about actually doing it.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Nggaaah! Aaaah! Uaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Shinohara: "Whoa, you really stabbed them directly into her internal organs... Nasty..."
Keaton: "Hmm, so she can feel pain here... Or maybe she's screaming out of fear..."
Keaton: "This could serve as a clue toward discovering a cure for Vampirism. I should probe another spot."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaaaaaaaah! S-S-S-Stop...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Pain rushes through her body.
She can't tell exactly where he stabbed her, but agony that defies description continually torments
her.
Keaton: "Hmm, stabbing in a needle only results in bleeding."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Stop! Just stop! Hii, gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! It hurts! Stop it, it hurts! It hurts so
muaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh?!"
Keaton: "Oh, the moment I pull the needle out, the wound heals. Your regenerative powers leave me in
awe."
Shinohara: "Even her internal organs can heal so quickly."
Keaton: "In a vacuum, this would be the ideal body."
Shinohara: "I dunno about that. Looking at her now, I can't say she looks ideal."
Ｙｕｎａ: "S-Stooop, gaaah, g-gill me... Aaah, ah, aaaaaaaaaah! H-Hurry... Ngaaaaaaah, gill
meeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
Her howling has become hoarse.
She was prepared for death the moment she challenged a Hunter to battle, but even so, she never
imagined that she would be subjected to such a horrible fate.
The lesson that there are fates worse than death in this world has been carved into her very flesh.
Keaton: "I should try wounding here and there to investigate if the entirety of her body heals at the same
pace, or if some places can't heal."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ngaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Id hurdsss! Gaaaaaaaaaaaag! Aaah, nguh, aaah, nng, gah, aaaah,
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Needles continue to stab into her internal organs.
Some are stabbed quite shallow, while others are imbedded deep into her flesh. What's being done
to her doesn't even remotely feel like acupuncture.
In contrast to the depravity before him, Keaton's face is animated and gleeful.
While he's used countless Vampires as test subjects in the past, today's methods are particularly novel
and exciting.
The simple thought that this is a new way to research a Vampire strikes him as an ecstatic new
discovery.
Keaton: "I find it hard to believe... but if we were to cut off an organ, would it regenerate?"
Shinohara: "I doubt her regeneration goes that far, but I guess you can try and find out?"
Keaton: "Which part should we crush, then...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hii?!"
Her body jolts violently.
Her body won't stop shivering. A fear unlike any she's ever felt before creeps through her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Uuu, gaaah, s-stop... P-Please..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I-I'll do... anything you say... Help... me... Ungh, if you, won't kill me... Ugh, aaah, at least, stop
hurting me..."
She begs while sobbing.
With her freedom denied and her guts laid bare, she has nothing else to ask for.
ーShe wants to die.
ーAnd if she can't die, then she doesn't want to suffer any more pain.
Those desires are completely in control of Yuna.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I-Id huuuurds... P-Please... Aaah... I beg of... you..."
Keaton: "Hmm. So you say it hurts so much you'll even cast aside your pride."
Shinohara: "I mean, naturally. If this doesn't kill her, that's what will happen."
Keaton: "So you would do anything I say, yes?"
Shinohara: "I feel like you're saying that to the one person you should never say that to."
Keaton: "..."
Keaton silently looks down at Yuna's dissected form.
His expression is serious. It actually looks as if he is sincerely considering Yuna's request.
Shinohara: "What are you gonna do, professor?"
Keaton: "I don't have any particular fetish for cruelty. If it causes you this much pain, we can pause the
experiment for now."
Shinohara: "Really?! Wow, you actually have sympathy. I didn't know you had in you, professor!"
Keaton: "What impression of me do you have? I am a doctor in this Association, and the leading expert on
Vampire research."
Shinohara: "...And the leading expert in fucked-up perversion, too."
Keaton: "Anyway, let us end today's experiment here. My apologies, but could you brew me some roasted
green tea? I'm a bit thirsty."
Shinohara: "Yes, sir..."
Keaton: "Roasted green tea, yes? Don't get it wrong."
Shinohara: "I know. Roasted green tea is 220 degrees, green leaf tea is 175 degrees, normal green tea is 130
degrees."
Keaton: "Exactly. I'm glad to see you remember."
Shinohara: "...Yeah, because you go ballistic when I get the water's temperature wrong."
Ｙｕｎａ: "U-Ugh... Uuu..."
Keaton: "I believe we'll change the experimental policies starting today. We'll leave you alone and see how
well your body can recover given time."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Y-You... won't... ugh, hurt me, anymore...?"
Yuna looks at Keaton with surprise in her eyes. She didn't believe he would actually listen to her
pleas.
Her eyes are filled with dread, but also hope at the thought that maybe she really won't have to
suffer any more pain.
Keaton: "Don't worry. I don't lie. You can rest easy."
Ｙｕｎａ: "R-Real...ly...?"
Keaton: "I wish to research you Vampires. I hold no personal grudge against you."
Keaton: "Like I've said before, your regenerative abilities are astounding. If we could replicate this ability of
yours and adapt it to the human body, well, it would be beyond wondrous for us."
Keaton: "The biggest problem is that Vampirism unhinges one's sense of restraint and drives Vampires to
attack humans."
Keaton: "If only we can overcome this part, I believe coexistence between Humans and Vampires is
possible."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Kuh, aah, c-co...exis...tence... Humans, ugh, and, Vam...pires, nnng, together...?"
Keaton: "Exactly. Do you not think such a world would be a wonderful place?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Y-Yes..."
Yuna twists her lips into a smile.
What Keaton describes truly and honestly does strike her as a wonderful thing.
Coexistence between humans and Vampires.
In that kind of world, she would not need to suffer like this anymore...
The sheer terror of this situation has relaxed Yuna's usual wariness. She imagines a peaceful world,
having forgotten that the man before her eyes had sliced her belly open not moments ago.
Keaton: "Cooperate with me. I need your power to make that ideal world a reality."
Ｙｕｎａ: "My... power..."
Keaton: "Hm, it's like I thought. The wounds to your internal organs are recovering. All that remains is to
see how far your natural regeneration willー"
Shinohara: "Professor, here's your tea."
Keaton: "Thank you."
Keaton: "ーAh."
It was truthfully an accident.
Keaton's hand slips as he reaches for the teacup that Shinohara had offered him.
Inside it is his freshly brewed roasted green tea.
It sloshes out of the cup...
Ｙｕｎａ: "AaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
...Onto Yuna's opened, exposed guts.
Boiling hot roasted green tea at over 200 degrees scalds Yuna's viscera.
Keaton: "O-Oh, excuse me!"
Shinohara: "Professor, was that on purpose?"
Keaton: "No, no! Aaah, but... this does enable us to see if her burns will heal on their own."
Shinohara: "...This guy's a lost cause."
Yuna can't even hear their exchange anymore.
The moment the tea splashed over her insides, she lost consciousness mid-scream.
Urine mixed with blood leaks from her crotch, filling the air with the scent of ammonia.
By passing out, she has finally gained a moment of respite free from pain and agony.
Shinohara: "What are we gonna do about her...?"
Keaton: "For now, we keep her alive. We must confirm how far her regeneration goes."
Keaton: "It could very well lead to discovering a cure for Vampirism. I do believe this relationship of ours
can lead to what can be described as a win-win situation."
Shinohara: "No, I don't think that's what that term means..."
Shinohara speaks sarcastically as he looks at Yuna.
While she's unconscious for now, she's hardly free from suffering.
Quite the opposite, in fact. She will have to live from now on with her belly cut open, and that
might very well lead to even greater suffering than what she withstood today.
The curtain rises on the living hell of Yuna's existence from now on...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah, aah, aaaah..."
Yuna's low moan echoes through the dim laboratory.
A week...
A week has passed since her body had been torn open.
After the first hour, Yuna lost a dangerous amount of blood, but she miraculously still clings to life.
Keaton: "Any ordinary Vampire would have died by now. You must have ingested a great deal of blood
before coming here."
Yuna's surprising longevity whets Keaton's intellectual curiosity.
He visits this room every day, observing her body in great detail.
Keaton: "Are you hungry?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Yes... A little, I think..."
Keaton: "Shinohara, could you?"
Shinohara: "Sure, sure."
Providing food is an owner's basic duty.
They fed Yuna with all manner of foodstuffs: rice, meat, fish, eggs, vegetables, and so on.
This menu was, of course, planned by Keaton.
Watching the changes in her body as she eats is part of his daily routine.
Shinohara: "Here. Eat it."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm... Nnng..."
Yuna obediently eats the slice of fish that's brought to her lips.
By now, she has no intention of resisting.
She's willing to obey any order she's given, so long as it means she won't be put through further
agony.
Keaton: "Yuna, I'd like you to tell me something. Feel free to listen while you eat."
Keaton: "Thanks to you, this week has been extremely meaningful for me. I've been able to shed some light
on the mysteries of Vampire physiology."
Keaton: "But I wish to go even further than that. I want to learn what is the bare minimum state a Vampire's
body can exist in."
Keaton: "Just what part is most essential to a Vampire's life?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "The part most essential... to life?"
Keaton: "Could you trust me with this? I will, of course, do my utmost to ensure you feel no pain."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Yuna doesn't really understand the meaning behind his words.
She no longer has the cognitive ability necessary to understand this anymore.
However, she can't refuse.
Right now, nothing scares her more than the idea of being discarded by Keaton.
She dares not give a response that might make that possibility a reality.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'll... trust you."
Therefore, she says that with a faint smile on her lips.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah... Ah, aah..."
The operation was performed swiftly.
After deciding that her limbs were unnecessary, he amputated them, leaving her as just her head and
torso.
Keaton: "You've regained consciousness? The operation was a success."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Suc...cess..."
Still woozy from anesthesia, she can't understand what he's saying.
Seeing his pleased expression makes her sincerely feel at ease, though.
The knowledge that he won't abandon her fills her with relief.
Keaton: "We'll monitor your condition for now."
Keaton: "Don't worry, nothing in particular is going to change. It's not like you were using your limbs
anyway."
From that day forward, Keaton ends up spending longer periods of time observing Yuna.
He wishes to see just how much damage a Vampire's body can possibly recover from.
Given enough time, will her severed limbs grow back?
Several weeks have passed since he decided to keep Yuna as his precious subject of observation...
Shinohara: "Here, eat up."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah..."
Shinohara: "Can you understand what I'm saying? Open your mouth."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaaah...."
Even with the rice offered to her lips, Yuna doesn't move her mouth at all.
A week has passed since the operation.
Yuna spends her days doing nothing but staring up at the ceiling with vacant eyes.
No matter what they say to her, she never responds. Not even Keaton's questioning can make her
react anymore.
Shinohara: "She's gotten really feeble all of a sudden."
Keaton: "Hmm... Her skin is beginning to discolor. She may have been infected by some kind of disease."
Shinohara: "So what do we do?"
Keaton: "Now, what could be the cause of this...?"
Shinohara: "Maybe chopping off her limbs had something to do with it?"
Shinohara: "Some people were disappointed about that, actually. They said having her limbs made her seem
that much more pitiful."
Keaton: "I'm afraid we're not in a position where we can pander to the tastes of individual people here."
Shinohara: "Figures."
As he speaks to Keaton, Shinohara keeps his camera fixed on Yuna.
He takes photos of her from different angles, a smile on his lips.
Keaton: "Yuna, how do you feel? Are you in any kind of pain?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "A-Aah..."
Shinohara: "Forget it, she's completely incoherent. She can't understand what we're saying."
Keaton: "I suppose she really doesn't have enough blood..."
Shinohara: "So, do we do a transfusion?"
Keaton: "We'll need to do that, yes, but first we must deal with this discoloration in her skin..."
Shinohara: "Yeah, it looks like it'll spread if we don't deal with it."
Keaton: "There's four... No, five spots. None of them are particularly large."
Keaton thoroughly examines Yuna's body.
She is a precious specimen of his, so he can't afford to let her be ravaged by disease.
He's honestly and earnestly trying to think of a treatment that will help her.
Keaton: "We'll have to sever them."
Shinohara: "What?"
Keaton: "We first need to remove the discolored areas. She's a Vampire, so this might be a better solution
than blindly administering medication."
Shinohara: "Really...?"
Keaton: "There's no telling if human medication will have any effect on a Vampire."
Shinohara: "Yeah... I guess that's right..."
Keaton: "Begin preparations for the operation, please."
Shinohara: "All right."
They begin the operation to save Yuna's life.
Keaton's words and conduct are problematic, to say the least, but his skills as a doctor are first-rate.
He swiftly and skillfully removes the discolored sections of her skin without causing any trauma to
the rest of her body.
The operation is a success.
Keaton nods in satisfaction at a job well done. All the discolored sections are removed.
"Let's examine this discolored skin."
For a few long moments, he gazes at the removed sections of skin with ecstatic eyes.
He expects that examining it may lead to further discoveries...
Keaton: "It worked...!"
Later that day, after removing all the remaining skin from her body, he raises his voice in
excitement.
Keaton: "Shinohara, look at this!"
Shinohara: "Yes, yes, I'm looking."
With that casual response, Shinohara continues taking pictures.
While it's ostensibly just for archival purposes, he's already taken significantly more pictures than
Keaton requested.
Keaton: "I was a bit concerned when the drugs failed, but I should have approached this from the opposite
direction!"
Keaton: "If her skin is becoming discolored, we need only peel off all her skin!"
Keaton: "Aaah, how has something so simple eluded me for so long?!"
Shinohara: "Probably because the moment you came to that conclusion you became a completely, totally, utterly
fucked up human being."
Keaton: "Yuna, did you hear me? Your body is no longer afflicted by that disease!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah... Aaaah..."
Yuna's body still maintains its vital signs.
While she's extremely feeble, she's alive all the same.
That fact fills Keaton with joy.
He'd performed countless experiments on Vampires in the past, but no one has survived in such
condition before.
It begs the question of how Yuna still clings to life.
Do some Vampires simply have greater regeneration and vitality, or is there some other factor at
play?
Keaton: "My biggest failing is that I didn't ask you what kind of diet you had while you were still lucid."
Keaton: "The fact you've become so debilitated at this point in time means something has changed
compared to before."
Shinohara: "You'd be hard-pressed to find a part of her that hasn't changed since coming here, professor."
Keaton: "It could be the food she's eating... Did you eat fresh meat and fish? Or did you balance your diet
with vegetables?"
Keaton: "Or perhaps... you ingested some kind of special blood?"
Shinohara: "Look at how dazed she is. Maybe her brain isn't getting enough blood?"
Keaton: "Her heart is beating relatively fast, though..."
Shinohara: "Well, being unconscious is probably more of a blessing for her at this point."
Shinohara sighs, looking at the gruesome state Yuna's been reduced to.
At first he couldn't bear to look at her, but recently he's grown used to it.
However, by his estimate, she only has a few more days to live.
He can't believe it's possible to live long in this state.
Shinohara: "Well, just keep the professor entertained for a while longer..."
Keaton: "Shinohara."
Shinohara: "Yes?"
Keaton: "Come to think of it, all she's doing is lying here, so she doesn't need her bones, now does she?"
Shinohara: "Huh...?"
Keaton: "We may as well take this chance to confirm how much of her we can cut away."
Keaton: "Don't worry, I won't let her die by accident. I am a doctor, after all."
Shinohara: "...You're probably better off dying right now, actually."
Shinohara looks away from Keaton and grimaces.
He finds it hard to imagine how Yuna's body might be brutalized any further than it already has...
Ｙｕｎａ: "........."
Even with most of her body gone, Yuna still lets out raspy breaths.
Keaton and Shinohara stand nearby, watching her with excited gazes.
Shinohara: "Wow... She's still alive."
As Keaton concludes all the operations he proposed, Shinohara raises his voice in amazement.
Keaton: "Yes, I can hardly contain my surprise too."
Keaton looks at Yuna, his eyes wide in amazement.
He swallows nervously while peeling off his bloodstained rubber gloves.
Almost everything of Yuna has been torn away from her.
Very little remains beneath her neck besides her internal organs, meaning she resembles some kind
of grotesque anatomical model.
While there are some minimal life support measures in place, it's still utterly unheard of for
someone to remain alive in such a condition.
Keaton: "By now, she's no longer a Vampire. She's something much more special."
Shinohara: "Did she... evolve to something that's beyond a Vampire?"
Keaton: "I can't discern that much. But Vampirism alone can't explain her astounding vitality."
Shinohara: "I'm surprised her heart's still beating in this condition."
Holding his camera up with shaking hands, Shinohara snaps photos of Yuna.
As always, he takes pictures from different angles, muttering while he works.
Shinohara: "Yeah, I can't use a picture like this..."
Keaton: "Mm? Did you say something?"
Shinohara: "Oh, nothing."
Shinohara cracks a forced smile while continuing to snap photos.
There are two reasons he's so diligent about recording her progress.
The first is that those photographs will be archived as research material.
However, he also sells the photographs to colleagues of his with unusual tastes for extra money on
the side.
They greatly appreciate his pictures of Yuna's dissected form, calling them very 'useful'.
This entire process has let Shinohara line his pockets.
Keaton: "If Vampires are an evolved form of mankind, this means that she is what humans might become in
the far future."
Shinohara: "So you're saying we're more than merely human? That we have the potential to evolve into
something like this?"
Keaton: "Indeed. We may well be standing on the crossroads of evolution as we speak."
Shinohara: "Ugh. I don't wanna go that way..."
Keaton: "Can you hear me, Yuna? What makes you so tough and durable?"
Keaton: "Were you some kind of special Vampire? Or maybe your master was special?"
Keaton: "...Ah, was she a master Vampire or a minion Vampire?"
Shinohara: "Who's to say? It's all the same to me."
Keaton: "Yuna? If you can hear me, respond."
Ｙｕｎａ: "........."
Although he speaks directly into her ear, she doesn't so much as stir.
She no longer has the consciousness to do so.
Her cognitive processes are completely gone. No matter how much anyone might speak to her, she
will never turn to look at them.
It doesn't matter what's placed before her eyes; she displays no interest toward anything. She can still
see, but she may as well be blind.
Shinohara: "Nothing's getting her to talk."
Keaton: "She's lost her ability to converse."
Keaton: "Her brain is still intact and active, but it seems her emotional functions are in a state of disorder."
Shinohara: "If she isn't going to make a peep, then it feels like it's all the same whether she's alive or dead."
Keaton: "Oh, you don't have to worry about that. So long as we provide her external stimuli, we can make
her react through vocalizations."
Shinohara: "Provide her with external stimuli...? What, are you going to cause her pain?"
Keaton: "That would be one method, yes, but the idea of her dying from the shock as a result frightens me."
Shinohara: "Then what are you gonna do?"
Keaton: "It might be hard to tell when she's in this state, but... can you tell what this part of her is?"
Keaton points at a certain spot.
There, resting upon a small plate, is what looks like a red bead.
On closer inspection, Shinohara sees what looks like several thin threads extending from it to Yuna's
head.
Shinohara: "Uhh... I think that's a, what do you call this thin thing? A nerve?"
Keaton: "Touch it gently."
Shinohara: "This bead-like thing?"
Keaton: "Be gentle, though. Don't handle it roughly."
Shinohara: "I wasn't going to..."
With that confused reaction, Shinohara reaches out.
When he gently touches the red bean-like thing...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa, nn...!"
Keaton: "Ah, she just made a noise!"
Keaton: "This is her vagina... Her clitoris."
Shinohara: "Seriously?! Of all things, you left that attached?!"
Keaton: "I thought sleeping all the time must be dull for her. And so, I decided to make it so she could at
least experience sexual pleasure."
Shinohara: "Wow, professor. That's... kind of you."
Shinohara forces his stiff face into a smile.
Considering Keaton's personality, he probably really did leave Yuna's clitoris intact out of honest
concern.
Keaton: "I've actually left her nipples intact, as well."
Shinohara: "Just where did you come up with that odd sense of kindness?"
Shinohara: "But... Wait, does that mean that if we attached a vibrator to this, she's gonna feel it this whole
time?"
Keaton: "I see. Let's experiment, then."
Shinohara: "Ah..."
Shinohara doesn't mean to torture Yuna.
He had simply wondered that aloud.
However, he's inadvertently stimulated Keaton's intellectual curiosity.
Keaton: "Prepare everything, if you would."
Shinohara: "...Understood."
Shinohara leaves the room and returns a few minutes later, carrying several egg-shaped vibrators.
He sets them against Yuna's nipples and clitoris.
Shinohara: "I'll switch them on, then."
Keaton: "Yes, go ahead."
Shinohara: "All right."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haaaaaa?!"
Shinohara switches the vibrators on. They immediately begin to hum.
Soon enough, moans begin to escape Yuna's mouth. Strands of saliva drip from her lips.
Shinohara: "She's actually making noises. She feels it even when reduced to this condition."
Keaton: "It means that this is possible so long as the nerves remain attached."
Keaton: "Still... While I knew this was theoretically possible, seeing her actually moan is surprising for me as
well."
Keaton: "Hm. It seems Yuna is enjoying this, so I say we keep an eye on her for a while longer."
Keaton looks on with ecstatic eyes as Yuna moans with a vacant expression.
What will happen if they keep granting her pleasure like this?
Just considering the possibilities makes him ejaculate in his pants.
Shinohara: "This is pretty important too, huh?"
Shinohara: "...I'll take a video of this. For archival purposes."
Shinohara begins filming, already thinking of ways to sell the video under the pretense of it being
research material.
Yuna doesn't show any signs of shame. All she does is moan as a little red works its way into her
cheeks.
Yuna is still alive.
Her powerful Vampiric body still clings to life.
Even in this state, she will continue to live...
...As Keaton's research subject: a broken, mindless doll.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Haa... What am I thinking? Intercepting them here is basically suicide."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I have to run... To stay alive..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "So I can meet Shizuha again..."
Shizuha: "Haa... Haa... Haa... Haa..."
Hiding in a dim warehouse, Shizuha squats down and anxiously wraps her arms around herself.
It's only been about thirty minutes since she parted ways with Yuna.
She can't go running around town on her own, but she can't work up the nerve to cross the bridge
alone, meaning she's settled on hiding here for the time being.
Shizuha: "Yuna..."
She doesn't know what she should do.
Yuna had told her to run away alone, but Shizuha has no idea where to run to.
She had only been with Yuna for a year, but she'd trusted her as a guide to follow.
Before then, Shizuha had lived without any particular objective in mind. Yuna had given her a
reason to live.
Now that she's been left to her own devices, Shizuha struggles to figure out what to do.
Shizuha: "...I have to run."
She can't keep hiding here forever.
Her only option is to escape Chisakura before the Hunters catch up to her.
However, she can't figure out when she should make a break for it.
Does she head for the bridge as soon as she can? Or does she let some time pass first?
As she gazes at the floor, contemplating her next action, she suddenly feels something approach her.
Rapunzel: "Oh, there you are. I knew I could smell something rotten around here."
Shizuha: "....?!"
The sound of a man's voice makes Shizuha jolt in surprise.
Raising her head, she finds herself confronted by three men... Or rather, three things that look like
men.
Shizuha: "Wh-What...?!"
Alice: "Just one, huh? Where's your master?"
Gretel: "Only one of them is here, weeping bitterly. Does this means she was cast aside?"
Shizuha: "Ah... Ah..."
At this point, Shizuha realizes she's made a fatal mistake.
Hunkering down in this secluded spot means that by being discovered, she has no avenue of escape.
Rapunzel: "Mm, hmm... There's just the smell we picked up on outside. The other one isn't here."
Alice: "Boring. She doesn't look like she intends to fight."
Rapunzel: "Who gives a fuck about what she intends or doesn't intend to do. The only thing that matters... is
that she's a woman."
Rapunzel smirks.
His two partners immediately pick up on the implicit intent behind his words.
Alice: "This again?"
Gretel: "This place is quite convenient for us, though. Even if she screams, no one will hear her outside."
Gretel: "We can go about this without Lady Yuika discovering it."
Rapunzel: "Heh. I don't mind if she finds out."
Shizuha: "..."
A chill runs through Shizuha's body.
She doesn't understand what they're saying, but it's quite clear that whatever they're planning to do
to her isn't good.
Alice: "You always get like this when you see a woman."
Rapunzel: "You don't hate it either, do you? Hardly had any chances to have fun recently."
Alice: "We were ordered to take any Vampires we capture to the Association, though."
Rapunzel: "Yuika's on the bridge, anyway. We can do anything we want here and she won't find out."
Rapunzel laughs heartily.
They might be Yuika's subordinates, but that's not to say they obey her orders to the letter without
question.
They retain their sexual attraction toward women, and, when Yuika isn't there to watch over them,
they sometimes act upon it.
Rapunzel: "Be nice and quiet. We'll make you feel good if you do."
Shizuha: "..."
Gretel: "And once we're satisfied, we shall put you out of your misery and kill you."
Shizuha: "Kill... Die?"
Alice: "We promise that so long as you don't resist, it'll be painless."
Rapunzel: "We're nice, sweet gentlemen. We'll spare you from being sent to the Association."
Shizuha: "...Die."
Shizuha: "If I die... I won't be able to meet Yuna again?"
Something cries out in her heart.
The idea of never meeting Yuna again bothers her much more than the threat of death.
Shizuha: "I won't... be able to keep my promise."
They'd promised to meet again.
They'd even decided on where they'd reunite.
That means that Shizuha has to go there.
No matter how scared she might be, she must reach their rendezvous without being followed.
Shizuha: "Not meeting Yuna again... I don't want that..."
That desire is all that fills Shizuha's heart now.
Being apart from Yuna only makes Shizuha's feelings for her grow even more intense.
Rapunzel: "Don't worry, we'll satisfy you too. Let's have fun together."
Rapunzel and the others close in on Shizuha.
Shizuha doesn't see them anymore, though.
The only thing on her mind is Yuna's smile.
Those days when Yuna held her; when she felt Yuna's skin against her own; when she took in
Yuna's scent; when she shared Yuna's warmth.
They are the one thing she absolutely refuses to lose.
But...
Shizuha: "Ah..."
Shizuha's body staggers.
Her body is simply too weak.
Shizuha
(I... don't have enough blood...)
Rapunzel: "Now come on... Let's have some fun."
Shizuha: "A-Aah..."
Rapunzel draws on her.
Paralyzed by fear, Shizuha can only stare up at him.
His hands reach toward her, but she can't even move...
Losing that would be...
Shizuha: "I have to go..."
Rapunzel: "Ah?"
Shizuha: "I... I have to go..."
Yuna's words echo in her mind.
Ｙｕｎａ: "If... If the Hunters chase you down, and you absolutely can't get away... Fight them."
And now, when she's been forced into a do-or-die scenario, those words ring in her head with
startling clarity.
And so, Shizuha...
Shizuha: "...My way."
Rapunzel: "Huh?"
Shizuha: "Get out... of my way..."
Shizuha's eyes... light up with a terrifying glintー
Ｙｕｎａ: "Such a pathetic trap."
Standing atop the bridge to the mainland, Yuna utters those words with exasperation.
A single wire is stretched out in front of her feet.
Tripping across it likely triggers some sort of trap.
Ｙｕｎａ: "If this is set up here, then I can only assume its owner is lying in wait somewhere nearby."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Come on out."
Yuna speaks into the darkness stretching out before her.
Before long, Yuika steps out of the shadows. On her arm is her personal weapon: an anti-Vampire
pile bunker.
Yuika: "...You're alone?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Yes. I split up from her."
Yuika: "So you cast her aside to save yourself."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Maybe I did, maybe I didn't."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...You're alone, too?"
As far as Yuna can see, there's no one around but Yuika.
While there's a chance they're also lying in wait nearby, it seems more likely that they went after
Shizuha.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
That thought causes anxiety and panic to rise up within Yuna, but she does her best to keep it from
showing on her face.
In the worst case scenario, Shizuha will be attacked by three Hunters at once.
Given Shizuha's personality, Yuna can't imagine she'd be able to fight her way past them.
Ｙｕｎａ: "...I knew this could happen, but I thought I was ready for it."
Shizuha has a special place in her heart.
Yuna wouldn't have spent a year with her otherwise.
During that entire time, they were never apart. Yuna thought of Shizuha as someone precious and
special to her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I have to beat this woman and hurry back..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "No, doing that would be completely defeating the purpose of splitting up in the first place. It's too
soon to assume Shizuha's under attack..."
Even if Yuna can defeat Yuika, returning to Chisakura doesn't seem like the correct course of action.
There's no telling if she'll be able to find Shizuha even if she does go back. Shizuha might find
some other way of leaving the city.
That, or she might have already been killed...
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Mulling over the possibilities, Yuna comes to the conclusion that crossing the bridge after defeating
Yuika is still her best bet.
Yuika: "Don't worry, I won't waste your time. This'll be over before you know it."
Yuika raises her pile bunker.
Yuna can clearly guess how powerful that weapon is. The way it blew Saeki to chunks is still quite
fresh in her memory.
If the pile were to fire directly into her heart, not even her Vampiric vitality would save her from
instantaneous death.
Yuika: "...!"
Bolting forward, Yuika rushes toward Yuna.
Similarly, Yuna bolts forward to meet Yuika's advance.
The pile bunker shoots forward, but Yuna twists her body away from its trajectory.
The tip of the pile tears through her clothing, but it doesn't make contact with her skin.
She extends her claws and, in return, slashes at Yuika's throat.
Yuika pulls her momentum back to avoid Yuna's attack.
Yuika tries to launch a kick at Yuna's stomach, but Yuna evades it with a graceful somersault.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ha!"
Yuna swiftly swings her claws once again.
She aggressively presses forward and launches a lightning-quick follow-up attack at the Hunter.
Yuika: "Nng!"
Yuika has faced countless Vampires in the past. She's never failed to be prepared for battle.
However, while she's subjected herself to harsh training few human beings can endure, she is still
ultimately only human. Compared to Yuna, her strength and vitality are only slightly better than
another human's.
If Yuika's throat gets cut open, or her heart gets gouged out...
Any injury to her vitals will lead to a swift death.
Yuika: "Haaaa!"
Yuika parries with her pile bunker, shielding herself from Yuna's swinging claws.
In Yuika's other hand is a gun. She squeezes its trigger, aiming for Yuna's exposed lower body.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Guh...!"
Yuna attempts to avoid the shot by dodging to one side, but one bullet still tears into her flank.
She winces in pain, but she can't afford to stop moving.
Refusing to relinquish her offensive momentum, Yuna closes on her opponent once again.
Yuika: "Kuh! Ah...!"
Yuna's claws rapidly swipe at Yuika time and again.
Yuika is forced to use her pile bunker for defense, but doing so means she can't use it to launch any
attacks of her own.
On top of that, the heavy nature of the pile bunker makes it unsuited to blocking such swift attacks
in the first place.
Yuika: "Die, you eyesore!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Guh...!"
Yuna's relentless offense suddenly creates an opening for Yuika to land a kick into her belly.
The Vampire lurches back as she swallows hard.
Although she manages to stay on her feet, her guard drops.
Yuika seizes the opportunity immediately.
The moment Yuna raises her face, it's greeted by a thrust of Yuika's pile bunker.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah...?!"
Yuna twists her neck reflexively, narrowly dodging the attack.
It isn't a conscious movement.
Her body had moved on its own. Had she done so even a split-second later, the pile bunker would
have blown her head to bits.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah...!"
She has successfully evaded the pile, but she's still in a dangerous position.
The desperate, reflexive dodge causes her to fully fall down.
Yuika: "...!"
Yuika prepares her pile bunker for another attack.
Her eyes are full of bloodlust, making it clear she intends to kill Yuna here no matter what.
Yuna can only desperately kick the asphalt, flipping backward back onto her feet.
Not a moment too soon, as the ground she'd been on a moment ago explodes.
Although the pile bunker's tip is deep in the shattered asphalt, Yuika's gaze is already fixed on Yuna.
Ｙｕｎａ: "...!"
The look on the Hunter's face sends a shiver down Yuna's spine.
Yuna can feel the strength of the hatred aimed toward her.
While its raw intensity threatens to overwhelm her, Yuna rises to her feet nonetheless.
No matter who her opponent might be, she can't afford to die here.
If that means she must kill Yuika, she won't hesitate to do so.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Not bad. But I don't have time to waste on squabbling with you. Let's put an end to this."
Yuika: "Yes. Let's finish this."
Yuna extends her claws even further, while Yuika raises her pile bunker once more.
They both have stamina left to spare, but neither them wishes to draw this battle out any longer.
They take aim at each other and sprint forward at the exact same time.
The sound of crashing metal rings out.
But as their movements intersect, then separate, the shining pile of Yuika's weapon goes flying.
Yuika: "...!"
Yuika can only stare in shock at her ruined weapon where it's still thrust forward.
The pile had been cut away from the rest of the weapon, flying away out of sight.
This isn't a malfunction.
In that clash, Yuna had aimed not at Yuika's body, but her weapon.
The deadly payload of Yuika's weapon now uselessly spins through the night sky, over the bridge's
railing and down into the dark night sea.
Yuika: "Kuh...!"
Yuika hadn't expected such a cunning attack from Yuna. She instinctively retreats.
Ｙｕｎａ: "And now... that thing of yours is useless."
Yuika: "Color me surprised. You're much stronger than I thought."
Yuika mutters in annoyance, her eyes fixed on Yuna.
The attack did indeed render her pile bunker useless.
At this point, the bulky housing of the disabled weapon only serves to weigh her down.
Ｙｕｎａ: "So what are you going do? Still want to continue this?"
Yuna gives the Hunter a smirk as her elongated claws gleam in the moonlight.
She radiates confidence, but truthfully it's an affectation.
The maneuver she just performed had been a huge gamble.
If she'd gotten her timing even slightly off during her attack, Yuna would already be dead.
She'd be lucky to still have an identifiable corpse. More likely would be that she'd have been blown
to smithereens, much like Saeki had been.
However, Yuna gamble paid off.
Now that Yuika's weapon is deadweight, the odds of the battle are greatly in Yuna's favor.
If possible, she wants to push past Yuika as soon as she can.
Her instincts scream for her to hurry up and do so, but Yuna knows she can't simply turn her back
on the Hunter.
While Yuika's pile bunker is useless, she might still have other weapons.
There's even the possibility that she'd allowed Yuna to destroy her pile bunker to lull her into a false
sense of confidence. Yuna can't help but hesitate.
Yuika: "..."
Yuika doesn't move.
Her cold eyes are fixed on Yuna.
The hatred within her gaze hasn't wavered in the slightest, but she's not taking up her fighting
stance again, either.
Either Yuika has some kind of secret plan, or she truthfully has no desire to fight any longer.
While Yuna is still hesitating, Yuika suddenly opens her mouth.
Yuika: "I will exterminate... every single Vampire..."
With that parting comment, Yuika turns and jumps off the bridge.
Yuna rushes to the railing and looks down, but she can see nothing but the dark night sea
underneath. There's no sign of the Hunter.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Yuna sighs with relief. Apparently, she is victorious.
It seems that destroying Yuika's weapon was a decisive blow.
Ｙｕｎａ: "If I had simply pressed the attack, I could have killed her here and now."
Yuna steps away from the bridge's railing with her lips curled into a smile.
While it's regrettable that she may have just missed her chance to slay Yuika, the opportunity is
already past. Lamenting her choices won't achieve anything.
What's far more important is that her allies aren't here to back her up.
She knows there are at least three others out there.
The fact that none of them are reinforcing Yuika means that they're either chasing Shizuha, or
they've already captured her.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha..."
Saving Shizuha means returning to the city.
After taking one step forward, though, she stops in her tracks.
Her body suddenly feels heavy, causing her to grow weak in the knees.
Although the battle had only taken a few minutes, it has left Yuna more exhausted than she initially
thought. Her entire body throbs with pain.
"..."
Even if she were to return to the city, she would have to avoid combat.
She doesn't know exactly how strong her opponents might be, but in her current condition, she
doubts she'll be able to beat even one of them one-on-one.
On top of that, she can't even be sure if Shizuha has been captured or not.
With all of those unknowns in play, Yuna can only pick one course of action.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I have to go... I promised..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Go back to... that place..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah...?!"
Yuna fails to withstand the impact. A moment later, Yuika sweeps at her knees.
Yuna's field of vision twists and turns as she's knocked down, crashing heavily against the asphalt.
Her head bangs hard against the ground, stunning her and preventing her from standing up
immediately.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Kuh...!"
Just as she tries to rise to her feet, the pile bunker thrusts against her chest.
Yuika: "..."
At that moment, Yuna's consciousness cuts off.
Before she can utter any final words, her heart is blown away.
A crimson flower of blood blooms on the asphalt as fragments of flesh and bone soar through the
night sky.
Yuna's chest has been reduced to a gaping hole, but she can no longer recognize that.
The year-long journey she had spent with Shizuha comes to its swift, sudden conclusion...
The cold wind blowing from the sea caresses Yuna's cheeks.
She's atop a steel pylon built along the shore.
Yuna and Shizuha both love the view from this spot.
Watching the colors of dusk wash over the sea, Yuna allows herself a brief moment of respite,
forgetting the fact she's on the run.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Shizuha still hasn't come here yet.
Yuna has been waiting here for hours, but there's no sign of Shizuha.
Where could she be?
Will she really come here?
Yuna wants to believe she's fine, but Shizuha was always timid and afraid of fighting.
What if the other three Hunters attacked her...?
What if she had no way to escape, and was driven to a situation where she had to fight...?
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha..."
Yuna's fingernails dig into her palms. She can't imagine Shizuha walking away from such a situation
alive and well.
She can't help but wonder if she'd picked the right strategy by splitting up, even this late after
making that move.
Was there anything she could have done better?
Maybe she should head back to Chisakura right now.
Again and again she considers leaving, but she always ends up stopping herself at the last moment.
She had decided to wait here. She can't allow her resolve to waver.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Come to me... Hurry..."
As she looks out toward the sea, all kinds of memories come to mind.
Yuna closes her eyes, thinking back to the day the two of them first met...
In a single moment, my ordinary life came to a screeching halt.
All I could recall was the intense pain spreading through my body, contrasted by the cold rain
battering my skin.
A black filter settled over my field of vision. I couldn't tell what had happened to me.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah..."
I barely managed to let out my voice.
It was so husky and hoarse that I didn't even recognize it as my own.
When I tried to move, I found my limbs completely numb and devoid of sensation.
I couldn't even figure out where my own hands were.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh... Aaagh..."
A moan of pain escaped my lips.
Everywhere and everything hurt.
Why? Why did it hurt so much?
Today I... I went riding with my friends, then on the way back home...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah..."
I slowly started to remember.
I had gone out with my friends today to have some fun.
But on the way back, the weather had suddenly taken a turn for the worse. A heavy rain had started
pouring over us.
Once my friends and I had parted ways, I rode my bike through this mountain road to get back
home.
I could hardly see anything.
All of a sudden, a person had come into view right in front of me.
I had tried to brake in a panic, but the bike's tire slipped, and... Before I knew it, I'd ended up like
this.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ugh..."
I tried turning my body a little.
Pain flared up like fire, but at least now I could faintly feel my limbs.
Where... Where was my bike...?
My first urge was to search for it, but my body was in too much pain to move properly.
On top of that... something warm flowed from my head.
Something... that wasn't rain...
Ｙｕｎａ: "A-Aaaah..."
My body wouldn't move.
I could feel my consciousness waning.
I was... probably done for.
I couldn't tell exactly what had happened to me, but I felt as though I was fatally injured.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
My body was starting to go completely limp.
As cold as the rain felt, I couldn't make a move to escape it.
It seemed I'd breathe my last on this cold, hard asphalt.
To think that just a short while ago, I'd been having the time of my life, riding around with my
friends...
Ｙｕｎａ: "So... cold."
I let my eyes fall shut.
Merely keeping my eyelids open was agonizing at this point.
And I was... so, so terribly sleepy.
It was somehow different than normal drowsiness. I couldn't resist it one bit.
Some dim corner of my mind realized that this was what dying must feel like.
Shizuha: "You... You're still alive?"
I heard... a voice...
It was a woman's voice.
But since my eyelids wouldn't open, I couldn't tell who it was.
Shizuha: "While you're lucky that you didn't fall off the other side of the road, you won't survive with injuries
like those."
What was she saying?
I couldn't make her words out over the sound of the rain, but I could tell she was speaking to me.
Shizuha: "I'm sorry. It's all my fault..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah..."
Shizuha: "Do you... still want to live? Do you want to be saved...?"
Shizuha: "If you want to survive... There is a way, but..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
I hadn't understood what she had said earlier.
What she said just now, however, reached my ears clearly.
ーThat if I wanted to survive, there was a way.
That was what she said. I was sure of it.
Survive?
Was she saying she could help me survive this?
Should I... ask her for help?
Ｙｕｎａ: "H-H...."
My throat clamped shut.
It was hard to say just one word.
But I wanted to survive.
I... I didn't want to die here.
Ｙｕｎａ: "H-He...l...p..."
Shizuha: "...All right."
Before I could say anything else, she brought her face close to mine.
A moment later, I felt the sensation of lips against my neck...
Ｙｕｎａ: "Mm..."
ーA tiny jolt of pain shot through me.
The rain died away as a strong wind blew away the clouds.
The moon left its hiding place, shining its light down upon us.
Shizuha: "Mm... Mm... Mm... Mm... Mm... Mm..."
I could hear a voice muttering by my ear.
Blood runs from my neck as she noisily sucks it up.
I came to realization at that moment.
It came not from any logical deduction, but on a basic, primal, and instinctual level.
ーWith this, I am now... hers.
A round moon floated in the sky above me.
A breathtakingly beautiful full moon.
Everything else was muddled and hazy, but that alone was clear.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Aaah..."
My heart pounded.
Heat filled my body as my head grew clear.
My body had grown cold from the rain, but her body, which was now touching mine, was warm.
It felt so utterly... desirable to me.
Shizuha: "You'll... be fine, now."
She eventually drew her lips away from my neck and said those words.
The sight of her, reflected in the moonlight, was like the very image of...
Shizuha: "What's your name?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Name...?"
Shizuha: "I think we'd be better off if I know your name. Because you're nowー"
Shizuha: "ーMy minion, after all."
In that single moment, my ordinary life came to a screeching halt.
All I could recall was the intense, warm impulse spreading through my body, contrasted by the
gentle, cold night air brushing against my skin.
Before I realized it, my vision was crystal clear. All the pain had left my body.
Shizuha: "What's your name?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "My name is... Sonohara Yuna."
Shizuha: "Yuna. I'm Shizuha... Nanase Shizuha. That's, well, that's my most recent name."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Recent name?"
Shizuha: "Having a name is convenient for when I'm trying to pass as a human."
Shizuhaーmy Vampiric mistressーgave me a gentle smile.
But, just as I had thought earlier... The sight of her, reflected in the moonlight, was like the very
image of an ordinary schoolgirl.
Neither her outfit or her demeanor felt like that of a Vampire.
Ｙｕｎａ: "You're such a weird Vampire... Or, well, I didn't even know Vampires actually existed until now."
Shizuha: "Yeah, Vampires all live in hiding."
Ｙｕｎａ: "But you're the real thing. All my wounds are healing..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "This is... amazing. So this is a Vampire's body."
Shizuha: "Now that your body is like this, you won't die easily."
Ｙｕｎａ: "That sounds good. My body feels that much stronger."
Shizuha: "You're better off while you can still feel this way..."
Shizuha: "But you have to be careful. The Hunters are going to try to chase you down and kill you, and they
know nothing of mercy."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Huh...?"
Shizuha: "See you, then."
With such a one-sided end to the conversation, Shizuha turned as if to leave.
I couldn't just let her walk away after making such a disturbing comment, though.
Ｙｕｎａ: "W-Wait just a second. Chase me down and kill me...? What?"
Shizuha: "I mean it literally. Vampires are enemies of mankind..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Enemies?"
Shizuha: "Some Vampires give in to their impulses and suck human blood."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Now that you mention it, I've been feeling strange since earlier..."
My heart was beating fast.
My throat felt dry.
ーBlood.
ーI want blood..
The realization that my body was thirsting for blood made my chest tighten painfully.
Ｙｕｎａ: "I need blood..."
Shizuha: "Being with you makes me thirst for blood too, so I'll be leaving."
Shizuha: "I've actually... decided I won't suck anyone's blood, so..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Wait... This... You can't make me like this, then just leave me here."
Shizuha: "That's because you wanted to stay alive."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Yes, but I didn't know this meant I'd be killed by those Hunters!"
Shizuha: "But that doesn't change the fact you're a Vampire... You'll have to protect your life on your own."
Her words were all too cruel.
Maybe I would have been better off dying there. If having my life saved only meant I would have
to fear for my life from now on...
I wasn't sure whether to thank or be angry at Shizuha for this.
The opposing emotions tugged my heart in opposite directions, leaving me unable to say a word.
Shizuha: "Live long. I... Well, I hope you can."
With those final words, Shizuha turned her back to me.
She was my mistress, but she intended to leave me behind.
That thought filled me with fear and anxiety.
Something at the bottom of my heart screamed out to me. It warned me that if she were to leave
me, I would never survive.
Ｙｕｎａ: "W-Wait!"
I ran after Shizuha and grabbed her hand.
The words left my lips before my mind had registered what they were.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't leave me... Take me along with you!"
In a single moment, my ordinary life came to a screeching halt.
All I could recall was the intense pain spreading through my body, contrasted by the cold rain
battering my skin.
A black filter settled over my field of vision. I couldn't tell what had happened to me.
"Ah..."
I barely managed to let out my voice.
It was so husky and hoarse that I didn't even recognize it as my own.
When I tried to move, I found my limbs completely numb and devoid of sensation.
I couldn't even figure out where my own hands were.
"Ugh... Aaagh..."
A moan of pain escaped my lips.
Everywhere and everything hurt.
Why? Why did it hurt so much?
Today I... I went riding with my friends, then on the way back home...
"Aaah..."
I slowly started to remember.
I had gone out with my friends today to have some fun.
But on the way back, the weather had suddenly taken a turn for the worse. A heavy rain had started
pouring over us.
Once my friends and I had parted ways, I rode my bike through this mountain road to get back
home.
I could hardly see anything.
All of a sudden, a person had come into view right in front of me.
I had tried to brake in a panic, but the bike's tire slipped, and... Before I knew it, I'd ended up like
this.
"Ugh..."
I tried turning my body a little.
Pain flared up like fire, but at least now I could faintly feel my limbs.
Where... Where was my bike...?
My first urge was to search for it, but my body was in too much pain to move properly.
On top of that... something warm flowed from my head.
Something... that wasn't rain...
"A-Aaaah..."
My body wouldn't move.
I could feel my consciousness waning.
I was... probably done for.
I couldn't tell what exactly what had happened to me, but I felt as though I was fatally injured.
"..."
My body was starting to go completely limp.
As cold as the rain felt, I couldn't make a move to escape it.
It seemed I'd breathe my last on this cold, hard asphalt.
To think that just a short while ago, I'd been having the time of my life, riding around with my
friends...
"So... cold."
I let my eyes fall shut.
Merely keeping my eyelids open was agonizing at this point.
And I was... so, so terribly sleepy.
It was somehow different than normal drowsiness. I couldn't resist it one bit.
Some dim corner of my mind realized that this was what dying must feel like.
"You... You're still alive?"
I heard... a voice...
It was a woman's voice.
But since my eyelids wouldn't open, I couldn't tell who it was.
"While you're lucky that you didn't fall off the other side of the road, you won't survive with injuries
like those."
What was she saying?
I couldn't make her words out over the sound of the rain, but I could tell she was speaking to me.
"I'm sorry. It's all my fault..."
"Ah..."
"Do you... still want to live? Do you want to be saved...?"
"If you want to survive... There is a way, but..."
"..."
I hadn't understood what she had said earlier.
What she said just now, however, reached my ears clearly.
ーThat if I wanted to survive, there was a way.
That was what she said. I was sure of it.
Survive?
Was she saying she could help me survive this?
Should I... ask her for help?
"H-H...."
My throat clamped shut.
It was hard to say just one word.
But I wanted to survive.
I... I didn't want to die here.
"H-He...l...p..."
"...All right."
Before I could say anything else, she brought her face close to mine.
A moment later, I felt the sensation of lips against my neck...
"Mm..."
ーA tiny jolt of pain shot through me.
The rain died away as a strong wind blew away the clouds.
The moon left its hiding place, shining its light down upon us.
"Mm... Mm... Mm... Mm... Mm... Mm..."
I could hear a voice muttering by my ear.
Blood runs from my neck as she noisily sucks it up.
I came to realization at that moment.
It came not from any logical deduction, but on a basic, primal, and instinctual level.
ーWith this, I am now... hers.
A round moon floated in the sky above me.
A breathtakingly beautiful full moon.
Everything else was muddled and hazy, but that alone was clear.
"Aaah..."
My heart pounded.
Heat filled my body as my head grew clear.
My body had grown cold from the rain, but her body, which was now touching mine, was warm.
It felt so utterly... desirable to me.
"You'll... be fine, now."
She eventually drew her lips away from my neck and said those words.
The sight of her, reflected in the moonlight, was like the very image of...
"What's your name?"
"...Name...?"
"I think we'd be better off if I know your name. Because you're nowー"
"ーMy minion, after all."
In that single moment, my ordinary life came to a screeching halt.
All I could recall was the intense, warm impulse spreading through my body, contrasted by the
gentle, cold night air brushing against my skin.
Before I realized it, my vision was crystal clear. All the pain had left my body.
"What's your name?"
"My name is... Sonohara Yuna."
"Yuna. I'm Shizuha... Nanase Shizuha. That's, well, that's my most recent name."
"Recent name?"
"Having a name is convenient for when I'm trying to pass as a human."
Shizuhaーmy Vampiric mistressーgave me a gentle smile.
But, just as I had thought earlier... The sight of her, reflected in the moonlight, was like the very
image of an ordinary schoolgirl.
Neither her outfit or her demeanor felt like that of a Vampire.
"You're such a weird Vampire... Or, well, I didn't even know Vampires actually existed until now."
"Yeah, Vampires all live in hiding."
"But you're the real thing. All my wounds are healing..."
"This is... amazing. So this is a Vampire's body."
"Now that your body is like this, you won't die easily."
"That sounds good. My body feels that much stronger."
"You're better off while you can still feel this way..."
"But you have to be careful. The Hunters are going to try to chase you down and kill you, and they
know nothing of mercy."
"Huh...?"
"See you, then."
With such a one-sided end to the conversation, Shizuha turned as if to leave.
I couldn't just let her walk away after making such a disturbing comment, though.
"W-Wait just a second. Chase me down and kill me...? What?"
"I mean it literally. Vampires are enemies of mankind..."
"Enemies?"
"Some Vampires give in to their impulses and suck human blood."
"...Now that you mention it, I've been feeling strange since earlier..."
My heart was beating fast.
My throat felt dry.
ーBlood.
ーI want blood..
The realization that my body was thirsting for blood made my chest tighten painfully.
"I need blood..."
"Being with you makes me thirst for blood too, so I'll be leaving."
"I've actually... decided I won't suck anyone's blood, so..."
"Wait... This... You can't make me like this, then just leave me here."
"That's because you wanted to stay alive."
"Yes, but I didn't know this meant I'd be killed by those Hunters!"
"But that doesn't change the fact you're a Vampire... You'll have to protect your life on your own."
Her words were all too cruel.
Maybe I would have been better off dying there. If having my life saved only meant I would have
to fear for my life from now on...
I wasn't sure whether to thank or be angry at Shizuha for this.
The opposing emotions tugged my heart in opposite directions, leaving me unable to say a word.
"Live long. I... Well, I hope you can."
With those final words, Shizuha turned her back to me.
She was my mistress, but she intended to leave me behind.
That thought filled me with fear and anxiety.
Something at the bottom of my heart screamed out to me. It warned me that if she were to leave
me, I would never survive.
"W-Wait!"
I ran after Shizuha and grabbed her hand.
The words left my lips before my mind had registered what they were.
"Don't leave me... Take me along with you!"
It had been a year since she met Shizuha.
Casting aside her old life, Yuna followed Shizuha as she wandered from place to place.
They had no real objective.
They simply continued to live, evading the Hunters' watchful eyes.
Shizuha had spent years living like that, and soon Yuna gradually grew accustomed to that lifestyle
too.
Yuna never considered fighting their opponents.
She'd never so much as gotten in a brawl before, so she didn't believe she could fight for her life.
The Hunters, however, cared little for her circumstances.
Over the course of that year, they'd been discovered several times. Each time they had been forced
to flee.
However, that was only when they could escape safely. Eventually, a time came when they were
forced to do battle.
Yuna's first opponent was a Hunter who still looked like a young boy.
Yuna was hesitant to fight, but still did so in order to stay alive.
She slashed the boy's throat open. That was her first kill.
She didn't feel the slightest bit happy about it.
As afraid as Yuna was, the boy was just as terrified.
She didn't know what circumstances led him to embrace life as a Hunter, but if nothing else, it was
clear he wasn't belligerent by nature.
He wasn't particularly strong, so Yuna was victorious without sustaining a single injury.
She knew that her victory was very much a product of luck.
It was fortunate that he had been a novice Hunter, maybe even his first fight.
The next Hunter, however, would probably not be so weak.
That realization allowed Yuna to come to terms with a certain conclusion.
ーShe would have to grow stronger.
She resolved to no longer spend her life running away, and so truly accepted her lot as a Vampire.
She changed her appearance and tone of voice, and committed herself to drinking human blood
whenever the opportunity presented itself.
By doing so, she elevated her strength as a Vampire.
Shizuha, on the other hand, still completely refused to suck blood.
She would hide somewhere during nights when the full moon was out in order to suppress her
impulse.
With Yuna as her partner, Shizuha allowed herself to drink her blood, and only Yuna's blood.
However, she never attacked a human.
By the end of the year, Yuna was far more a Vampire than Shizuha ever had been. She'd had a
confident personality while still a human, but now she was even more assertive, becoming the one
to pull Shizuha by the hand during their journeys.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha..."
There exists a real connection between them.
It is a true, tightknit bond she can sense at all times, one going far beyond the mere relationship
between a mistress and her minion.
That's why she realizes now, far too late, how anxious she feels when Shizuha is away from her.
ーHurry up and come to me.
That prayer is all that fills her heart.
Her body shivers ever so slightly, causing her to wrap her arms around herself.
Like a lost child pining for home, she hunches over and tucks her chin into her chest.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha..."
How long has she waited for her?
The sun sets, then the curtain of night descends over the sky, and yet Yuna still waits.
While lingering there, she comes to the realization that Shizuha will never come here.
It isn't that she merely grew tired of waiting.
She felt as though something within her had snapped.
It was her bond with Shizuha. She's sure of that.
She can feel it because she's her minion. Shizuha isn't anywhere any longer.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
She can't bring herself to think that Shizuha's still alive somewhere out there.
Their relationship is too special. She can simply tell, all too clearly, that Shizuha is gone now.
Yuna must accept the simple fact that she's now all alone.
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Gazing out into the dark sea, Yuna's vivacious crimson eyes waver.
If Shizuha won't come, there's no point to staying here.
She will have to find a place she can hide from the Hunters, just as she has until now.
She cannot afford to waste this second life Shizuha granted her...
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Goodbye."
Wiping her moist eyes, she lets the night wind snatch the words spilling from her lips.
She sets off with her back to the night sea.
She has no destination.
She has no idea of where she's going.
She simply walks away.
It's exactly what Shizuha had once done, there in front of her.
This time, however, the one left in solitude is Yuna...
The moon floats in the sky above her.
The light of the waxing moon, just shy of being full, gently sheds its light upon Yuna.
The journey of this Vampire, orphaned of her mistress and weighed down by loneliness, continues...
Shizuha: "What?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "...!"
Yuna suddenly feels her presence.
Shizuha appears behind Yuna, gently pressing herself against Yuna's back in an embrace.
With that all-too-familiar smile, she gives Yuna a loving look...
Shizuha: "I kept you waiting."
Ｙｕｎａ: "..."
Shizuha: "I'm sorry... I'm late."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...You really are. It took you way too long."
Shizuha: "H-Hey... Getting away from them took me a while."
With a bitter smile on her lips, Shizuha shrugs her shoulders.
Yuna can't bring herself to look into her eyes.
She merely called out Shizuha's name out of loneliness, but realizing she'd actually been heard
floods Yuna's heart with embarrassment.
Before she realizes it, her face turns hot and tears well in her eyes.
Shizuha: "Were you worried...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "I was just bored, because you had to take your stupid time getting here! Why would I be worried
about yー"
Shizuha: "Heheh, the way you're talking... It's back to how it was before."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Ah..."
Yuna's eyes widen. She had let her true self slip.
She can feel the hot flush creeping into her cheeks.
Her eyes dart around for a moment before she eventually sighs and drops her shoulders.
Ｙｕｎａ: "Don't tease me. I've been trying my hardest to act like a Vampire."
Shizuha: "Yeah. I know."
Ｙｕｎａ: "It's because you won't act like a Vampire. You're always fussing about the strangest things and
refuse to drink human blood."
Shizuha: "See, when I suck blood... It feels like I lose myself."
Shizuha: "But when I suck your blood, it feels like all I could ever want."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm not your goddamn blood bag..."
Shizuha: "Heheh... But you always let me suck your blood when I need it most."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hmph."
Unsure of how to respond to that, Yuna simply scoffs.
All sorts of feelings rage in her heart. She's not sure how to handle them all just yet.
However, there's one thing she knows she has to say.
She's too embarrassed to turn and look at Shizuha directly, and so she wrings the words out with
the voice of a relieved child.
Ｙｕｎａ: "...I'm... glad you're all right."
Shizuha: "Yeah."
A gentle wind blows in from the sea.
It toys with their hair, bearing the faint scent of salt.
Nothing has gone as they planned ever since they entered Chisakura, but somehow, one way or
another, they managed to escape with their lives.
For now, that's enough.
Right now, they can figure out what they'll do next, together.
Yuna can feel that as she gazes at the night sea spreading wide before them.
Ｙｕｎａ: "By the way... What happened after we split up? I fought one of the Hunters, but did the rest of
them go after you?"
Shizuha: "Oh... Yeah. They found me."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I'm surprised you got away from them."
Shizuha: "Oh, you don't how terrible it was. I had to run through alleys, jump into people's homes..."
Yuika: "This... is..."
At the same time...
Upon Yuika entering a certain warehouse in Chisakura, her usually composed expression dissolves
into one of shock and astonishment.
Yuika: "What is this...? This is where the three of you were?"
The interior of the warehouse is dyed red with blood. The iron-rich smell of blood hangs thickly
inside the room.
She can't be sure what happened here.
However, from the chunks of flesh, shards of bone, and scraps of clothing, she can work out that
this is where her three subordinates had been.
Shizuha: "I don't think I've ever run so much in my life."
Ｙｕｎａ: "I can't believe you. You're been a Vampire for how long, and you're still this wimpy?"
Shizuha: "Nnnng. You're being mean."
Ｙｕｎａ: "And since you've run more than you have in your entire life, maybe you lost some weight."
Shizuha: "I-I'm not fat or anything. I don't need a diet."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Oh... You haven't noticed what's happening to your belly, huh?"
Shizuha: "Huh? N-No way!"
Yuika: "This arm over here... That's Alice? And that over there... Is that Rapunzel's leg?"
Yuika: "And this is Gretel's..."
The leather bag Gretel had always worn over his head lies in one corner of the warehouse.
It's completely soaked in red, and stuffed full of... something.
Yuika cannot muster the courage to check what that 'something' is.
Yuika: "What is this? The mistress Vampire was the one I fought, so I figured the three of them went after
the minion..."
Yuika: "And that one minion... killed all three of them...?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Oh, you've got a bloodstain over here. Did you hurt yourself on the way here?"
Shizuha: "Huh? Oh... You're right."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Well, a bit of bleeding wouldn't be enough to do you in. It's all healed by now."
Shizuha: "Oh, yeah, it's fine. I'm not hurt or anything."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Really?"
Shizuha: "R-Really. I mean, you told me to run, so I didn't try to fight them or anything."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Of course you didn't. If you'd tried to fight, they'd catch you in three seconds."
Shizuha: "But I... Erm... I did trip over myself while running away..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "...I figured it'd be something along those lines."
Yuika: "But wait, that minion Vampire... Her eye color..."
Yuika narrows her eyes while sifting back through her memories.
She had thought that that girl was just a minion, but she had one particular characteristic that other
Vampires lacked.
Yuika: "I couldn't see it too well because it was nighttime, but they weren't red..."
Yuika: "Yellow... No, they were bright than that..."
Yuika: "But Vampires always have red eyes. There's no report of them having eyes in any other color..."
Yuika: "Another... color...."
As another memory clicks into place, Yuika's eyes widen.
She finally recalls exactly what color Shizuha's eyes were.
Yuika: "It's not yellow... It's gold... Golden eyes... A golden-eyed Vampire..."
Yuika: "It can't be...!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "By the way... Your eyes look kind of different today. Like their color is different."
Shizuha: "...Is it?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Maybe it's because of the sunset? It's like they're shining gold... They're really pretty."
Shizuha: "Thanks. But it probably really is the sunset."
Yuika: "Hello, J.J.? There's something I want to ask you..."
Using her glasses' communication function, Yuika contacts a particular staff member from the
Association.
Yuika: "Remember how you once told me about Vampires with golden eyes?"
Yuika: "...Yeah, you told me that. You were drunk off your ass and running your mouth."
Yuika: "Yes, I know. It's just a legend. I don't mind. So tell me again... What was that story about Vampires
with golden eyes?"
She holds her breath lightly, waiting for him to reply.
After venting his doubts, he finally lets out a sardonic sigh and begins to speak...
J.J.: "They're the Twelve Ancestors. Twelve Vampires that are considered the Original Vampires, or
something. It's said their eyes are golden, and that all the red-eyed Vampires are their minions."
Yuika: "The Twelve... Ancestors..."
J.J.: "Ahaha, what, did you run into a Vampire with golden eyes? Well, if you capture it, check and see
if it's wearing contact lenses, eh? I hear the Vamps started pulling those shenanigans recently."
Yuika: "..."
Ｙｕｎａ: "We should get going. If we stay here too long, the Hunters might find us again."
Shizuha: "So where do we go next?"
Ｙｕｎａ: "Hmm. I actually found another city that looks pretty nice. Let's go check it out."
Shizuha: "You're amazing, Yuna. You're really good at investigating such things."
Ｙｕｎａ: "It's the current year, dear. All you have to do is take out your smartphone and run a search."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Even a Vampire's going to have to learn how to use this nowadays."
Shizuha: "...Sumartfones are... weird."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Shizuha, you have to start by learning the basics."
Ｙｕｎａ: "Time for a pop quiz. What's 'flicking'? I taught you what that means a while ago, remember?"
Shizuha: "Huh? Ah, erm... I-It's when you do this, with your finger... You move your... finger... and tap on
the screen!"
Ｙｕｎａ: "...Haa. This is going to take a while..."
Yuna holds Shizuha's hand, who grasps Yuna's own hand in turn.
Turning their backs to the sunset, the two of them set out together, side by side.
They make their way toward their new destination:
A place where they can rest, one that might exist somewhere far away...
For now, though, Yuna and Shizuha's journey continues...
★環境設定画面
-----------------------------
■サウンドＯＮ／ＯＦＦボタン
-----------------------------
由奈
「やはり、物語を盛り上げるための音楽は必要よね」
由奈
「あら、音楽がなくてもいいのかしら？」
静羽
「どかーんとか、ばきーんとか、やっぱりいるよね」
静羽
「あれぇ？　効果音いらないの？」
優衣架
「はあ……私達のあんな声やこんな声が聞きたいというわけね」
優衣架
「声を聞かない？　じゃあ、私達があんなに叫んだ苦労は……」
由奈
「ふふっ、セリフではないところでも、
　いやらしい声を聞かせてあげるわ」
由奈
「たくさんのいやらしい声が聞けるのに、不要だと言うの？
　あなたの考えていることがわからないわ……」
-----------------------------
■音量制御ボタン
-----------------------------
由奈
「レベル０よ。私の声、聞こえているのかしら？」
由奈
「レベル１よ。まだまだ小さいでしょう？」
由奈
「レベル２よ。もっと上げてもいいのではないかしら？」
由奈
「レベル３よ。このくらいでいいのかしら？」
由奈
「レベル４よ。まだ半分にもなっていないわよ」
由奈
「レベル５よ。ようやく半分ね」
由奈
「レベル６よ。人によっては、そろそろちょうどいいのでは
　ないかしら？」
由奈
「レベル７よ。聞こえやすいかしら？」
由奈
「レベル８よ。あまり大音量で聞くのは耳に悪いわよ」
由奈
「レベル９よ。本当にこんなに大きくて大丈夫なのかしら？」
由奈
「レベル１０よ。これでエッチシーンを見るのなら、
　周りに注意することね」
-----------------------------
■メッセージ表示スピード設定
-----------------------------
静羽
「すごくゆっくりだよ」
静羽
「まだまだ遅いよね」
静羽
「うん、このくらいがちょうどいいのかも」
静羽
「ちょっと速めに表示するよ」
静羽
「一瞬で全部表示しちゃうよ」
-----------------------------
■メッセージスキップ設定
-----------------------------
優衣架
「既に読んでいる文章のみをスキップするわよ」
優衣架
「まだ読んでいない文章もスキップするわよ」
-----------------------------
■ウィンドウサイズ設定
-----------------------------
優衣架
「画面を小さくするわよ」
優衣架
「画面を大きくするわよ」
-----------------------------
■メッセージ自動送り設定
-----------------------------
優衣架
「文章をクリックするたびに流れるようにするわよ」
優衣架
「文章が自動的に読めるようにするわよ」
-----------------------------
■キャラ個別音声制御ボタン
-----------------------------
由奈
「ふふっ、私の声に酔い痴れなさい」
由奈
「私の声を聞かないなんて……吸血して『聞きなさい』と
　命令してあげるわ」
静羽
「うん、いっぱいお喋りしようね」
静羽
「もっとお話ししたかったのになぁ」
優衣架
「せっかく喋ってるんだから、全部聞きなさいよ」
優衣架
「わ、私の声の何が気に入らないの？」
-----------------------------
■優衣架のメガネ
-----------------------------
優衣架
「わかったわ。メガネ、かけておく」
優衣架
「メガネ、ないほうがいいの？」
-----------------------------
■メッセージウィンドウ透過度設定
-----------------------------
優衣架
「背景色が何もないと、文字が読みづらくない？」
優衣架
「この程度だと、まだ読みづらいかもしれないわよ」
優衣架
「多少は見やすくなったかしら？」
優衣架
「細かく調節できるから、あとはあなたの好み次第ね」
優衣架
「だいぶウインドウの色が濃くなってきたわ」
優衣架
「私はこのくらいを勧めるわ」
優衣架
「ちょうど半分くらいね」
優衣架
「そろそろウインドウの色のほうが濃くなってきているはずよ」
優衣架
「このくらいのバランスが好きなの？」
優衣架
「だいぶ背景が見えなくなってきたわね」
優衣架
「文字がはっきりと見えていいんじゃない？」
優衣架
「背景は全く見えないけど、文字は一番読みやすいわね」
-----------------------------
■オートスピードボリューム設定
-----------------------------
静羽
「メッセージをオートにしたときのスピード。
　今はすごく遅いよ」
静羽
「ちょっとだけ速くなったけど、
　もう少し上げてもいいんじゃないかな」
静羽
「うん、だいぶ速くなって読みやすいかも」
静羽
「ちょっと速すぎないかな？　大丈夫？」
静羽
「こんなに速くて、ちゃんと読んでくれてるのかなぁ？」
-----------------------------
■セーブ画面用音声
-----------------------------
由奈
「ゲームの進行状況を新規スロットに記録するわね」
由奈
「ゲームの進行状況を上書きするわね」
-----------------------------
■ロード画面用音声
-----------------------------
静羽
「ゲームデータをロードするね」
静羽
「そのデータはロードできないみたいだよ」
-----------------------------
■タイトル画面に戻る
-----------------------------
由奈
「タイトル画面に戻るわよ」
-----------------------------
■ブランドコール
-----------------------------
由奈
「ブラックサイク」
静羽
「ブラックサイク」
優衣架
「ブラックサイク」
-----------------------------
■タイトルコール
-----------------------------
由奈
「サディスティック・ブラッド」
静羽
「サディスティック・ブラッド」
優衣架
「サディスティック・ブラッド」
-----------------------------
■ＰＶ・その他用
-----------------------------
由奈
「ブラックサイク、最新作。
　サディスティック・ブラッド、2019年12月20日発売予定」
由奈
「これは、二人の吸血鬼の……ある一夜の物語」
静羽
「ブラックサイク、最新作。
　サディスティック・ブラッド、2019年12月20日発売予定」
静羽
「これは、二人の吸血鬼の……ある一夜の物語」
優衣架
「ブラックサイク、最新作。
　サディスティック・ブラッド、2019年12月20日発売予定」
優衣架
「これは、二人の吸血鬼の……ある一夜の物語」
