Until I can reach the sky,
I believe, until the next tomorrow, hey
Getting lost in the darkness and uncovering the mystery.
Stopping when you can't see the destination.
Umm you and me, yes it feels good, let's share the world.
Guiding me, I feel the beat, I start walking towards it, oh yeah.
Share the music, anytime.
Share the one dream and believe in each other.
Share the good times holding hands.
I'll keep going until I can reach the sky.
Let's overcome it now, I believe in the next tomorrow yeah yeah...
Chasing and being chased on top of Mobius' ring.
Getting closer and facing forward, hey I want to share your style.
It begins, it expands, this flavor that exceeds imagination
I feel so good throughout my body, I will become free, oh yeah
Share the music, even if it's far.
Share the one dream, by telling each other.
Share the good times and laugh.
I'll keep going until I can reach the sky.
Let's overcome it now, I believe in the next tomorrow yeah yeah...
You were waiting there on the other side of the invisible wall.
I'll be there soon, I believe in one world yeah yeah...
Man: But then some guy went and brought a freakin' mermaid to the auction house!
Usopp: Hang on! Who was that?
Luffy: We'll definitely save you!
Luffy: Wait for us, Caimie!
Disco: Entry #15!
Disco: The beautiful dancer, Pathea!
Disco: With a splendid,
Disco: starting bid of 800 thousand beli,
Disco: the bid has risen to an amazing 7 million 200 thousand beli!
Charlos: Ah... We have finally arrived.
Disco: Well well, things are heating up now...
Disco: What will be the next item up for bid?!
Charlos: Good, the auction is still gooing.
Servant: But I just heard him say that this was entry number 15.
Servant: They're almost done.
Charlos: This one is trooly ooseless!
Charlos: Why you...! Why you...!
Charlos: Hey! Have this one sold off too! I don't want him anymoore.
Servant: I'll do the paperwork right away.
Chopper: A Celestial Dragon...
Nami: Another one showed up... One of the World Nobles...
Sanji: Those guys that can call an admiral from the Navy if we attack them, huh?
Charlos: I woold like a mermaid... Aren't they gonna sell one tooday?
Servant: It seems that mermaids are quite difficult to catch...
Servant: so I doubt they've got one this time.
Slave-trader: Oh, my! Saint Charlos!
Charlos: Hoorry and take me to my seat!
Slave-trader: Yes, right away, Sir!
Slave-trader: Please be careful.
Sharlia: So, you are finally here, big brother Charlos?
Slave-trader: Hey, get moving already!
Disco: Well then, it seems we're ready...
Disco: Entry #16 is... can you believe it?!
Disco: A pirate captain!
Rosward: Hmm? A captain?
Disco: Take a good look at him!
Disco: A wanted man with a bounty of 17 million beli! His name is Lacuba!
Disco: He is a pirate famous for his delicate, intricate planning! His well built body is also worthy of note.
Disco: He'd make an excellent transport, hard worker, or sandbag!
Disco: A practical choice if I ever saw one!
Disco: Now then...!
Disco: Don't tell me, he...?!
Man 1: He collapsed! What's going on?!
Man 2: I saw blood!
Disco: Hey! Hurry up and pull the curtains!
Voice: What's going on?
Nami: What just happened?
Sanji: He bit his tongue.
Sanji: He decided that he didn't want to live his life as a slave...
Sanji: and figured it would be better to just die right now.
Sanji: I suppose that's actually a logical choice.
Pappagg: Caimie...
Franky: Aren't they going to bring out the mermaid soon?
Chopper: I'm sure Caimie is really scared...
Nami: Just hang in there a little longer...
Nami: We're going to save you!
Nami: Fortunately, we have the treasure from Thriller Bark!
Pappagg: Thanks a lot, you guys...
Slave-trader: This is no good...
Disco: God damn it! We can't sell him now... That idiot!
Slave-trader: Disco-san!
Slave-trader: Seems a doctor will be here soon.
Disco: Man, do you know how much we're going to have to spend on treatment?
Disco: The mermaid is up next, right?
Slave-trader: Yes. We're ready to get her whenever you want us to.
Disco: Alright!
Disco: With this spectacular prize, we'll make everyone forget this fiasco!
Disco: Get her out, now!
Slave-trader: Yes!
Caimie: Hacchin... Everyone...
Zoro: 13? I was just at Grove 2, wasn't I?
Zoro: Was I imagining things?
Bounty-hunter: What's with that guy?
Bounty-hunter 2: Pirate Hunter Zoro... That 120 million beli bounty ain't no joke...
Bounty-hunter 3: If we had gotten involved with him, no amount of lives would have been enough.
Bounty-hunters: Let's hope we don't run into him again...
Zoro: Hey, wait a second!
Zoro: If I remember correctly, you guys...
Bounty-hunter: Why are you here again?
Zoro: You guys gave me false directions, didn't you?!
Bounty-hunter: No, definitely not!
Bounty-hunter: We told you exactly which way to go to get to Grove 1!
Zoro: Then, why'd you run away?!
Bounty-hunter: Well, that's because...
Bounty-hunter: We just saw that scary face of yours, and then...
Zoro: HUH?!
Luffy: Zoro!
Luffy: We've gotta hurry to Grove 1!
Luffy: Anyway, get on!
Zoro: W-Wait a second!
Zoro: When you say, "Get on", you don't mean...?!
Rider: Hey, what are you doing?!
Luffy: Huh?
Zoro: You... I'm gonna kill you someday.
Luffy: Sorry, Zoro.
Rider: Let's hurry to Grove 1!
Disco: Well then, about #16!
Disco: It would appear that the pirate Lacuba got a little nervous...
Disco: had a nosebleed, and collapsed.
Disco: We'll put him up for sale again later.
Chopper: "Got a little nervous"?
Sanji: They're disgusting...
Disco: However, everyone...!
Disco: The next item we're going to bring out now...
Disco: is a super deluxe-item that's sure to make you forget all about this trouble!
Disco: Countless people have tried to capture one...
Disco: Please look at this silhouette!
Man: Could it be...?!
Man 2: They got one! The main draw...!
Disco: An introduction should not be necessary...
Disco: Just have a look with your own eyes!
Disco: Thank you for your patience!
Disco: Well then, here it comes!
Disco: Have a good look at this!
Disco: Straight from Fishman Island...
Disco: Caimie, the mermaid!!!
Man: It's real!
Man: A young mermaid!
Man 2: Amazing!
Man 3: What a prize!
Caimie: Hacchin and the others!
Caimie: They're here to save me!
Hachi: Caimie!
Hachi: They've brought out Caimie!
Nami: Alright, we're gonna take her back!
Nami: We've got 200 million after all!
Pappagg: Caimie!
Charlos: Finally! A mermaid!
Charlos: They're selling a mermaid!
Disco: It's been a while since we last had a mermaid here...
Disco: I'm sure everyone here wants to buy it!
Disco: Well then, how much are you willing to pay?
Nami: Bring it on...
Nami: We're definitely gonna get her back!
Disco: Now, let us begin!
Disco: First, let's start with...
Charlos: FIVE HUNDRED MILLIOON!
Charlos: I'll booy it for 500 millioon beli!
Man: 500 million...?
Man 2: No use...
Man 2: We can't beat that...
Nami: What's that? We don't have that much!
Rosward: You've gone and wasted our money again.
Rosward: You already have piranhas in your fish tank, do you not?
Charlos: I'd like too see them try and chase after her...
Charlos: Mermaids are the fastest sea-creatoores in the woorld.
Caimie: I can't hear the voices outside...
Caimie: Get me out of here, Hacchin!
Pappagg: Caimie...
Pappagg: Is there really nothing we can do to prevent the Celestial Dragons from taking her?
Hachi: Caimie...!
Disco: It would appear that the audience has been rendered speechless...
Disco: Well, does anyone want to make a higher bid than 500 million?
Chopper: There's gotta be something we can do...
Chopper: Is there no way...?
Chopper: Hey, Sanji?
Chopper: Nami?
Chopper: This can't be happening!
Chopper: They can't take our friend away just because we don't have enough money!
Sanji: This is bad...
Sanji: We never considered this possibility...
Sanji: If we can't get her back with money, then the situation has gotten even worse!
Disco: If not, then this auction will be quite a short one!
Hachi: Now that it's come to this, I might as well just take her back by force,
Hachi: and run off to the sea!
Pappagg: Don't be ridiculous!
Pappagg: What about the neck-ring?
Pappagg: You'd just blow her up!
Hachi: Then I just have to get the key to that ring somehow...
Disco: That's enough time!
Charlos: I did it!
Kid: It's like a symbol of how messed up the world is.
Kid: I've seen enough of this farce.
Kid: We're leaving.
Disco: Well then, thank you for your attention up until now.
Disco: The main prize this time, the mermaid Caimie...
Disco: goes to the World Noble, Saint Charlos...
Disco: For the price of 500 million beli...
Disco: It's...
Kid: What?!
Disco: ...a deal!
Disco: What?!
Rosward: How noisy.
Sanji: Luffy!
Luffy: What the heck?!
Luffy: Couldn't you land any better than that?!
Rider: No way!
Rider: It's a Flying Fish, you know!
Rider: And it was you who told me to crash into the building!
Zoro: Anyway, you told me to get on...
Zoro: But why were you in such a hurry to get back to the Sunny anyway?
Zoro: Where are we?
Chopper: Zoro, too?
Zoro: You guys!
Kid: Hey, that's Straw Hat Luffy!
Luffy: Caimie!
Man: What's with those guys?
Man: Who are they?
Luffy: Oh! Caimie!
Caimie: Luffy-chin!
Luffy: Caimie!
Luffy: I looked for you!
Luffy: Thank God!
Hachi: Wait a second, Straw Hat!
Hachi: What are you doing?
Luffy: What do you mean?!
Luffy: Caimie's right there!
Hachi: She's there, but she's got an exploding neck-ring attached!
Hachi: So you can't just take her!
Hachi: Besides, the Celestial Dragons are here!
Luffy: Like I care!
Man: Didn't he just say "Straw Hat"?
Man 2: He's a pirate!
Luffy: Caimie!
Hachi: Just stop already!
Woman: His arms...!
Woman: His arms...!
Woman: A fishman!
Man: That's disgusting!
Man 2: What's a fishman doing here?
Man 3: Get out of here, you monster!
Luffy: I'm gonna save you right now, Caimie!
Disco: Get him!
Luffy: Damn you!
Luffy: Caimie isn't for sale!
Disco: Don't let him get any closer to the stage!
Man: What's a fishman doing on land?
Woman: No, don't get any closer!
Woman: It's creepy!
Man: Hey, staff!
Man: Hurry up and restrain him!
Woman: No, don't come here!
Man: Go back to the sea, you monster!
Man 2: Yeah, that's right!
Man 3: Get off this island!
Man 4: Get lost!
Pappagg: Hachi!
Pappagg: Hurry up and escape!
Pappagg: You're the one who's in trouble now!
Hachi: I'm fine!
Hachi: What about Caimie?
Sanji: What's going on here?
Nami: It's just like Robin said...
Nami: Mermen and fishmen are discriminated against on this island!
Chopper: Discriminated against...?
Chopper: Even Caimie and Hachi?!
Pappagg: H... Hachi...?
Charlos: I hit it!
Charlos: I shot a fishman!
Nami: Hachi!
Woman: I'm glad he shot it!
Woman: I was afraid that if it came any closer, we might get infected by it!
Man: He was definitely trying to cause some trouble...
Man: After all, they've only got the brains of a fish!
Charlos: Father, please look!
Charlos: I caught a fishman!
Charlos: I caught it myself, soo it's foor free!
Charlos: Free!
Charlos: An octopoos foor free!
Charlos: I goot it, I goot it!
Charlos: An octopoos-slave foor free!
Charlos: Free!
Hachi: W... Wait... Please...
Hachi: Straw Hat...
Hachi: You can't... get upset...
Hachi: I was just careless, that's all...
Hachi: You promised that... even if someone was shot right before your eyes...
Hachi: you wouldn't lay a hand on the Celestial Dragons, right?!
Hachi: After all, I used to be a pirate...
Hachi: I did so many awful things, so...
Hachi: I had this coming...
Hachi: Sorry...
Hachi: I never wanted this to happen...
Hachi: I just wanted... to make up for all the things I did to Nami...!
Hachi: I was trying to help you, but...
Hachi: As always...
Hachi: I just screw up no matter what I do...!
Hachi: I really am... clumsy after all...
Nami: Hachi...
Hachi: In the end... I just caused you trouble...!
Hachi: I'm sorry!
Hachi: I'm so sorry!
Charlos: Damn fish!
Charlos: Even after I shot yoo, yoo keep on blabbering!
Charlos: Yoo're annoying!
Pappagg: Straw!
Charlos: Yoo, what's with that look of yoors?!
Pappagg: Stop it, Straw!
Pappagg: If you do that, you'll be in huge trouble!
Pappagg: Please stop!
Charlos: Are yoo looking at me?!
Man: What is that guy doing?!
Law: Hey, Straw Hat...
Kid: Is he serious?!
Charlos: Yoo are annoying, too!
Usopp: I see it!
Usopp: The auction hall!
Brook: What is that?!
Brook: I see so many people gathered around the auction hall!
Brook: I'm afraid this could mean trouble!
Usopp: Wait a minute, here...
Usopp: Luffy and the others must have caused some sort of trouble!
Brook: If we don't hurry and save them, they'll be assaulted!
Usopp: I don't wanna go!!!
Luffy: A Huge Panic!
Luffy: Struggle in the Auction Hall!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
