Gold Roger: My treasure?
Gold Roger: If you want it, I'll give it to you!
Gold Roger: Find it!
Gold Roger: I left everything in that place.
Hachi: So...
Hachi: What do you think...
Hachi: Nami?
Nami: It's not like I'll forgive you just because of this, you know.
Hachi: Of course not!
Hachi: That's not what I meant!
Hachi: I just wanted to know what you think!
Nami: It's really good!
Hachi: Really?
Hachi: Is that so?
Pappagg: There are actually two routes you can take to reach the New World!
Pappagg: But only one of them is accessible for outlaws, like yourselves!
Pappagg: The passage you're taking will allow you to get through with your ship and everything!
Pappagg: That passage is known as...
Pappagg: The Ocean-floor Route...
Pappagg: Which goes straight by Fishman Island!
Caimie: Inside of that huge wall, circling the globe...
Caimie: The Red Line...
Caimie: lies a small hole in a certain spot.
Caimie: And that's where Fishman Island is!
Pappagg: Here we are!
Pappagg: This is the Sabaody Archipelago!
Luffy: Awesome!
Luffy: One popped out from the ground!
Luffy: That's really funny!
Luffy: I got on it!
Chopper: That's really nice!
Nami: By the way, Hachi...
Nami: What's our goal on this island?
Hachi: We have to find a coating mechanic, and have him coat your ship with this resin!
Hachi: Simply put, it will enable your ship to travel under the sea!
Franky: Seriously?
Sanji: Everyone left for the town...
Sanji: You're not going?
Franky: We used up all our cola in that battle back there.
Franky: Taking care of the ship is my job!
Usopp: Of course, I wanted to help out as well!
Usopp: Once we're done, let's head out, all three of us.
Usopp: This island looks fun!
Sanji: Nah...
Sanji: I can't leave the ship before someone comes back.
Usopp: Huh, why?
Sanji: Well, you see...
Sanji: My beloved Nami-san said...
Nami: Hmm, this is a problem...
Nami: We've got tons of treasure stored on the ship right now...
Nami: Is there a knight around who would safeguard it?
Sanji: Ta-daah!
Sanji: It's me!
Usopp: You really do anything Nami wants you to, huh?
Sanji: I am a slave of love!
Usopp: There's no point if you admit it yourself...
Usopp: Huh?
Usopp: Hey!
Usopp: Zoro!
Sanji: Hello?!
Sanji: Zoro-kun?!
Usopp and Sanji: Where are you going, all by yourself?
Zoro: For a walk.
Zoro: So what?
Usopp: STOP IT!
Sanji: DON'T, YOU'LL GET LOST, DAMN IT!
Sanji: THIS IS AN ARCHIPELAGO, YOU KNOW!
Sanji: WE WON'T BE ABLE TO FIND YOU!
Zoro: LIKE I'D GET LOST!
Zoro: Who'd get lost on an island like this, where it's so easy to find your way?
Zoro: Each of the trees have a number on them, right?
Zoro: Even a kid with the worst sense of direction would be able to find his way!
Usopp: You'd thought that far ahead?
Sanji: I didn't think of that.
Sanji: Sorry!
Sanji: Be careful!
Usopp: Don't forget to ask for directions!
Sanji: Don't believe in yourself!
Zoro: They're going way overboard.
Zoro: As long as I don't forget the number on this tree...
Zoro: Number one, right?
Zoro: Why do they keep looking down on me?
Zoro: No way anyone would get lost around here.
Zoro: I can't believe those guys...
Hachi: The World Nobles are also known as the Celestial Dragons.
Hachi: They're really arrogant, and wear a mask so they don't have to breathe the same air as everyone else.
Hachi: No matter what, don't try to oppose those guys.
Hachi: I need you to promise that!
Luffy: Sure!
Hachi: And there are several other things to look out for.
Hachi: Like I said earlier, this island is where everyone who wants to go to the New World, gathers.
Hachi: There are plenty of big-name pirates like yourselves...
Hachi: and then there are marines and bounty-hunters trying to catch them.
Hachi: Also...
Hachi: Even if pirates are taken away by slave-traders, the law won't protect them.
Hachi: If you do anything to get yourselves noticed, they'll go after you instantly, so be careful!
Hachi: The marines around here are not to be taken lightly.
Hachi: These waters are close to the Navy HQ, after all.
Hachi: All the bounty-hunters around here are on a totally different level as well!
Hachi: And there's one more thing...
Luffy: What's that?
Luffy: You're too concerned about stuff!
Luffy: By the way, when did you get that wound?
Hachi: Huh?
Hachi: Oh, don't worry about it.
Hachi: Caimie and I are not a mermaid and a fishman, okay?
Hachi: While we're here, please pretend that we're ordinary people.
Luffy: Huh?
Luffy: Why?
Hachi: It's just easier like that.
Robin: We should follow the customs of the culture around here, Luffy.
Robin: Let's just do as the octopus told us to.
Person: There we go...
Person: Slowly, slowly...
Luffy: I'm in!
Brook and Chopper: How amusing!
Robin: It really is mysterious...
Luffy: I'm getting into it!
Luffy: None of the air is coming out, either!
Person: Well, then...
Person: How about putting this in?
Luffy: Like this?
Person: Is that about the right height?
Person: Now you can drive around with it.
Luffy: I'm moving!
Chopper: Awesome!
Luffy: This is fun!
Brook: It is not breaking!
Person: Aren't they convenient, the Sabaody Archipelago's exclusive Bubble Bike?
Person: How about it?
Person: If you want to rent it, it's 500 beli per person.
Person: If you want to buy it, it's 1000 beli!
Person: Cheap, isn't it?
Hachi: Then, we'll rent one.
Luffy: I want one!
Luffy: I'm gonna buy it with my spending money!
Chopper: Me too, me too!
Hachi: Don't.
Hachi: There's no point in buying it, just rent one.
Luffy: Why should you get to decide that?
Chopper: That's right!
Hachi: Uh, I'll tell you the reason later.
Hachi: Old man!
Hachi: We'll rent two more of them.
Person: Oh, you're a local, huh?
Person: That's too bad...
Nami: This feels great!
Caimie: Doesn't it?
Robin: There are many different kinds, huh?
Brook: I suddenly feel like singing.
Luffy: I'm definitely buying one of these Bubble bikes!
Hachi: Straw Hat...
Hachi: You rode the soap bubbles into the sky when we first got here, right?
Hachi: Why did you fall?
Luffy: Oh, well, when I reached the top of the trees, I thought I'd go even higher...
Luffy: but then all the soap bubbles around me suddenly started popping...
Luffy: and then the one I was riding did, too...
Luffy: So, I ended up falling.
Hachi: That's because you left the Sabaody Archipelago's unique atmosphere.
Hachi: This place has a special, unique climate specifically suited to the Yarukiman Mangroves.
Hachi: But once you leave that climate, the soap bubbles won't be strong enough to stay whole.
Robin: Is that so?
Robin: Then, that means that you can only ride the soap bubbles...
Robin: for as long as you stay on the island, doesn't it?
Hachi: That's how it is.
Hachi: People who come here for the first time often buy a Bubble bike...
Hachi: but that's basically a rip-off.
Hachi: Renting one is good enough.
Luffy: NO, I think I'll buy one!
Luffy: I don't accept that explanation at all...
Nami: You don't get it, do you?
Nami: In short, once you leave the island, the soap bubbles will break.
Nami: It's mysterious, isn't it?
Luffy: Whazzat?!
Luffy: They just mysteriously break?
Luffy: Why didn't you say so right away?!
Nami: That's what he was just telling you!
Caimie: Ah, but Luffy-chin, you can use them at Fishman Island.
Caimie: We've got soap bubbles on the ocean floor, too.
Luffy: I wanna go to Fishman Island soon~
Luffy: I'm really looking forward to it~
Pappagg: In that case, you should meet the mermaid princess!
Pappagg: She's so beautiful, I can't even describe it!
Pappagg: I can't look away from her myself!
Brook: I will be looking forward to that.
Brook: I have a good eye for beauties...
Brook: Though being a skeleton, I do not have eyes.
Brook: Eh, are you listening?
Luffy: Wow, this looks good!
Chopper: What's Graman?
Person: They're Grand Line Manjuus!
Person: Or Graman for short.
Person: Would you like to taste some?
Person: You can see that it's got "Grand Line First Half" written on it, right?
Person: The idea is to take them into the New World as a souvenir of sorts.
Person: They'll last for about three months, so don't worry about it!
Brook: This tastes great!
Brook: May I open another package?
Person: Aren't you gonna buy any?!
Robin: Grove 35...
Robin: There are lots of hotels here, aren't there?
Hachi: It's the living quarters for those waiting for permission to pass through Mariejoa.
Pappagg: It's really easy to make these hotels...
Pappagg: See that over there?
Pappagg: They just coat those huge soap bubbles in a special alloy, and the foundation is done.
Pappagg: That's how they make those round buildings.
Robin: Really?
Nami: Robin!
Nami: Isn't that a shopping mall?!
Person: Come back any time!
Luffy: Grasen...
Luffy: Grachoco...
Chopper: A key-holder!
Brook: A pennant!
Pappagg: Hold on to those memories!
Caimie: You bought a lot of them, huh?
Hachi: Carrying that around everywhere should be a problem...
Hachi: Put them in the Bubble bag.
Luffy: Bubble bag?
Luffy: It's so light!
Luffy: You don't need to put in any effort to carry your luggage on this island, huh?
Chopper: Huh?
Chopper: Where did Nami and Robin go?
Caimie: They went to the shopping mall in Grove 30.
Caimie: They said they'd leave the coating of the ship to us.
Luffy: Oh, so that's it?
Luffy: Right!
Luffy: Leave it to us!
Chopper: Where are we going?
Hachi: To Grove 31.
Hachi: We've still got a long way to go, even with the Bubble bike.
Hachi: We're going now.
Robin: Even though we invited her, Caimie-chan wouldn't come with us...
Nami: She's seemed more reserved ever since we arrived on this island...
Nami: What could be bothering Caimie?
Robin: Perhaps there is some sort of bad history on this island...?
Nami: Bad history...?
Caimie: This is so fast!
Hachi: Hey, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I'm here!
Hachi: Straw Hat!
Luffy: I'm in the lead!
Hachi: Don't get cocky!
Hachi: There's still a long way to go!
Caimie: Go, Hacchin!
Chopper: How did this turn into a race?
Woman: What's happening...
Woman: Oh, I'm sorry!
Woman: Huh, you...
Woman: I'm sorry!
Woman: Please stop!
Man: Please release me!
Man: Please!
Man: Please...
Man: Please get this off me!
Man: I'm...
Man: I'm...
Man: I'm going back home!
Man: Huh?
Man: What's all the commotion about?
Man: I'm begging you!
Man: Hey!
Man: I'm asking you a favor here!
Man: Anyone's fine!
Man: An axe!
Man: A saw!
Man: Anything will do!
Man: Just give me something!
Man: I just want to get this off my neck!
Man: I won't hurt anyone!
Woman: Please let go of me...
Woman: I don't want to die...
Man: I've given up on going to the New World!
Man: I've got a wife and a child back home!
Man: I'm begging you!
Man: Please lend me a hand!
Man: I wanna go home!
Man: Last time I saw my kid, he was still a baby...
Man: He still doesn't even know what I look like!
Man: I'm begging you!
Luffy: He's...
Man: I wanna go home!
Man: Hey, please!
Man: Please help me!
Hachi: Don't get involved.
Hachi: He's probably a pirate who was caught by kidnappers and sold as a slave...
Hachi: His owner probably brought him to this island, and he made a run for it!
Hachi: Even though he should know that he can't escape!
Chopper: W-What's that sound?
Man: Damn!
Man: This ring!
Man: If I could just get this off my neck!
Man: Damn it!
Man: No!
Man: Stop!
Man: Please stop!
Man: Hey!
Man: Hey!
Man: Damn it all to Hell!
Hachi: Slaves always have those chains attached to their necks...
Hachi: If they try to take them off or run away, they'll explode!
Man: Just let me buy some souvenirs and go home...
Man: I've given up on being a pirate...
People: It's a slave who tried to run away!
People: Get away!
People: Don't get involved with him!
Brook: L-Look at that...
Brook: We have to help him!
Pappagg: Idiot!
Pappagg: You promised to not get involved, no matter what, right?!
Chopper: What's with this city?!
Caimie: Hacchin, what are we going to do?!
Caimie: The Celestial Dragons are nearby!
Hachi: It's alright.
Hachi: Calm down, Caimie!
Hachi: Straw Hat!
Hachi: Get out of the Bubble bike!
Luffy: Huh?
Luffy: Why?
Hachi: Just hurry up and do it!
Luffy: Uh, sure...
Luffy: Alright.
People: They're here!
Luffy: Are those the Celestial Dragons?
Hachi: You have to bow down too!
Luffy: Why?
Hachi: No matter what, don't look them in the eyes!
Hachi: You too!
Brook and Chopper: Right!
Lady: My, how vulgar, Saruu!
Luffy: Them, huh?
Hachi: Yeah...
Lady: Oh no, Father.
Lady: Yet another one has been broken.
World Noble: Did you make sure to give him his tranquilizer every day?
Lady: Why, yes, I did.
Lady: However, it appears that it does not work on fools like this one.
Lady: Would you please buy me a new one?
World Noble: Your disciplining skills are truly terrible.
World Noble: You keep destroying my captain collection, one after another...
Lady: This one is certainly useless.
Lady: Hmph!
Lady: So you meet your end amidst crying families and grown men...
Lady: You are just a mere human!
Luffy: He can't even move any more!
Lady: You disgust me!
Luffy: Why, that-!
Hachi: Please, wait!
Lady: I would like a giant slave next.
World Noble: You should start with a human child.
Lady: But I detest the weak.
Hachi: Please don't do anything rash!
Person: It's the marines!
Marine: Move it, move it!
Hachi: First off, we should get away from here!
Brook: How about some tea?
Brook: It will help you calm down.
Caimie: I feel terrible...
Luffy: Think that guy will be alright?
Hachi: He's a pirate, so even if they save him, he'll just be sent to prison.
Chopper: That pirate should be able to beat that old guy and the woman, right?
Chopper: Why?!
Pappagg: If you hurt one of the Celestial Dragons...
Pappagg: an admiral from Navy HQ and a fleet of battle ships will come here.
Luffy: An admiral...
Luffy: Aokiji?!
Pappagg: It could be Akainu or Kizaru...
Pappagg: There's no way to know who'd show up.
Pappagg: The HQ is right next to us, after all.
Chopper: What makes those guys so special?!
Pappagg: Those guys are descendants of the creators!
Chopper: The creators?
Pappagg: 800 years ago, a group of 20 kings formed the organization known as the World Government.
Pappagg: The Celestial Dragons are their descendants.
Pappagg: And over the course of the years...
Pappagg: They've come to abuse their incredible influence.
Luffy: The Celestial Dragons...
Bounty-hunters: It's him.
Bounty-hunters: Yeah...
Bounty-hunters: No mistaking it...
Bounty-hunters: It's Straw Hat Luffy.
Bounty-hunters: He's worth 300 million beli!
Chopper: Shakki's Rip-Off Bar?!
Shakki: Monkey-chan, is it?
Shakki: Welcome.
Luffy: You know me?
Shakki: No way I wouldn't know of the 300 million man, Luffy.
Shakki: However, at this archipelago, there are people with higher bounties than you.
Chopper: Higher than Luffy?!
Luffy: New Rivals Arrive!
Luffy: The 11 Supernovas
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
