Translation\n\n\n\n\nkewl0210
Edit\n\n\n\n\n\n\nchibiusa40
Timing\n\n\n\nBB_96
Typesetting\n\n\n\nJecht
Karaoke\n\n\n\nJecht
FloriaN^
Encode\n\n\n\nkokus
QC\n\n\n\nMistral[sA]
Distro\n\n\n\nJecht
Toriko: In commemoration of the starting broadcast of the anime "Toriko",
Toriko: The Toriko!
Luffy: One Piece!
Both: Collaboration Special!
Luffy: In honor of the super popular manga "Toriko" currently running in "Weekly Shounen Jump" becoming an anime...
Toriko: Today will be a Toriko and special-edition One Piece collaboration!
Luffy: So...
Both: Enjoy every minute of it!
Luffy: W-We don't have any food?!
Sanji: Yeah, we're all out.
Usopp: Don't just give us the "we're all out!"
Usopp: You're the cook, aren't you?
Usopp: Keep the food supply managed!
Luffy: I'm disappointed in you!
Chopper: I've changed my opinion of you!
Sanji: Hey, it's you guys who've been eating us out of house and home.
Nami: You guys are the worst.
Nami: Just after we've drifted into an unfamiliar part of the ocean because of that storm,
Nami: now our whole food supply is gone.
Franky: Well anyhow, we've gotta stop somewhere and stock up on food, don't we?
Zoro: But do you see any convenient place to get supplies around?
Robin: Hey, what's that?
Luffy: The islands in the south are hot~
Luffy: Food... Where's the food...?
Nami: I thought we could find a town to shop at but,
Nami: I guess that was pretty naive.
Nami: Forget about a town, there isn't a single person here.
Sanji: Looks like it's an uninhabited island.
Sanji: Nami-san, we don't know what might show up, so stay close to me.
Chopper: Eh?! What might show up?
Chopper: I knew I should've stayed back with Zoro, Usopp and everybody on the Sunny.
Chopper: Luffy?!
Luffy: Me-
Luffy: Meat~!
Sanji: A tree that bears meat?
Luffy: Yum! Tastes like real meat!
Nami: That's a pretty carnivorous kind of thing for a plant to have.
Chopper: Look at this mushroom! It's made of cotton candy!
Chopper: Yuuum!
Sanji: This plant...
Sanji: It's perfect lightly boiled al dente pasta.
Nami: What's going on with this island?
Sanji: Well, doesn't look like we'll have any problems with stocking up on ingredients, but...
Chopper: What's that?
Chopper: It's pseudopyxis depressa. This is the one that if you boil and drink, it can cure all kinds of stomach pains.
Chopper: I've never seen it before.
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Komatsu: Please don't leave me behind!
Toriko: Check it out, Komatsu.
Toriko: A rare animal!
Komatsu: This Hungerilla Island sure is incredible.
Komatsu: It even have some weird ones.
Toriko: He sure looks delicious, doesn't he?
Toriko: Wanna eat him?
Luffy: Let Chopper go!
Komatsu: His arm stretched?!
Toriko: What's with this guy?!
Nami: Luffy!
Luffy: What're you planning to do with Chopper?
Toriko: Huh? It shouldn't be a problem.
Toriko: I'm the one who captured him.
Toriko: So he's my prey.
Chopper: Eh?! Prey?!
Chopper: You're really gonna eat me?!
Toriko: Yep.
Chopper: Hey, hey, I'm-
Chopper: I'm not tasty!
Chopper: I'm amazingly disgusting!
Toriko: What?! You don't taste good?!
Toriko: Well then, I guess I don't really have a choice...
Toriko: Hey, wait, what if...
Toriko: IT TALKED!
Toriko: Wh-Why can this guy talk?!
Luffy: Chopper's part of my crew! Don't just go eating him!
Sanji: Geez...
Toriko: I'm asking why he can talk!
Nami: What?
Sanji: These are...
Luffy: What a delicious smell...
Luffy: What are these guys?
Toriko: Looks like at some point we accidentally entered their territory.
Toriko: They're Barbecue Pigs.
Luffy: Awesome!
Luffy: The pigs are still walking while they're barbecued!
Toriko: Barbecue Pigs.
Toriko: Ferocious pigs that mercilessly bring the heat on anyone who trespasses on their territory.
Nami: Bring the heat?
Nami: They're already on fire!
Chopper: Scary!
Komatsu: If you feed them sweet herbs or Ghost Truffles right before eating them, that gives them the best taste.
Komatsu: But their Capture Level is 1.
Nami: Capture Level?
Komatsu: Yes.
Komatsu: They're set by the International Gourmet Organization, the IGO.
Komatsu: It indicates how difficult it is to capture the prey.
Komatsu: Capture Level 1 prey takes ten professional hunters
Komatsu: armed with hunting guns to finally take down.
Barbecue Pig (Maruyaki Buta) [Mammal Beast] Capture Level 1
m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145
Komatsu: It's not that high of a capture level for Toriko-san,
Komatsu: but this many of them could be dangerous.
Nami: They don't really mind, though.
Toriko/Luffy: They look so good!
Sanji: Barbecue Pigs?
Sanji: Being edible just as you are would make a cook cry.
Sanji: I won't forgive you for that.
Nami: That's the part you're upset about?
Toriko: Itadakimasu.
TL Note: ( Itadakimasu is a polite phrase normally said before eating a meal. )
Sanji: Now what's this smell?
Luffy: It smells like burnt meat!
Toriko: Don't get them mad!
Toriko: If they get mad, they heat up until their bodies get totally burnt!
Toriko: You've gotta finish them instantaneously!
Luffy: Okay!
Chopper: He sure knows a lot about the biology of animals, huh?
Komatsu: Well it's not so much animals, it's ingredients he knows a lot about.
Komatsu: That's because Toriko-san is a Bishokuya.
TL Note: ( Bishokuya = Gourmet Food Provider )
Chopper: What's a Bishokuya?
Komatsu: A Bishokuya is someone who goes after unknown tastes,
Komatsu: searches out and eats undiscovered ingredients.
Komatsu: Like a food investigator.
Komatsu: Toriko-san has discovered about 2% of the approximately 300,000 known types of ingredients worldwide.
Komatsu: That's about 6000 varieties.
Komatsu: He's the charismatic Bishokuya.
Chopper: He sure is amazing.
Toriko: Hey, I've been wondering about it for a while now, but your body, it's like it's made of rubber, huh?
Luffy: Yeah. I ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit.
Toriko: Gomu Gomu Fruit?!
Toriko: What did it taste like?!
Toriko: Was it good?
Luffy: No.
Luffy: It tasted freaking awful.
Toriko: What? It was bad?
Luffy: Yeah.
Luffy: Well, guess that's just how it goes sometimes!
Toriko: Yeah, guess so!
Sanji: Uh, the taste really isn't the point with that, is it?
Usopp: I'm... hungry...
Usopp: Is Luffy not back yet?
Robin: He is quite late.
Zoro: You think he got lost or something?
Zoro: Aw, well. Guess I should go look for him.
Usopp: Zoro, you shouldn't go!
Usopp: You're just gonna make things even more mixed-up!
Everyone: Itadakimasu!
Toriko/Luffy: Yum!
Toriko: Barbecue Pig. It's got sweet trickling top-quality fat.
Toriko: And the smell of this appetite-whetting spice is irresistible!
Luffy: We've got you to thank for being able to eat something this good.
Luffy: Thanks!
Chopper: So you're Terrycloth?
Chopper: I'm Chopper, nice to meet you.
Chopper: Oh, really?
Toriko: Oh? You got Terry to open up to you.
Toriko: You sure are an interesting little guy.
Toriko: She's a Battlewolf.
Toriko: That's pretty rare, they never get attached to people.
Toriko: Sorry for trying to eat you before.
Chopper: That's okay.
Chopper: I'm friends with her now, right?
Nami: Still, I can't believe we got attacked by pigs that were pre-barbecued.
Nami: This island is totally surreal, isn't it?
Komatsu: That's because this is Hungerilla Island.
Nami: Hungerilla Island?
Komatsu: It's an island that's known for being teeming with plenty of ingredients.
Komatsu: Its existence used to be a legend, but...
Nami: That's this place?
Komatsu: Yes.
Nami: How'd you find such a tiny island in this vast sea?
Toriko: Well, when we were traveling the ocean, I smelled the sweet aroma of food.
Toriko: And we found this place.
Nami: What kinda nose do you have?
Sanji: Nami-swan!
Sanji: I made some nice arrangements of Barbecue Pig!
Sanji: The main attraction is my Deluxe Sanji Sauce made from the abundant ingredients of this forest.
Sanji: Its refined scent brings out the Barbecue Pig-
Luffy: Yum!
Sanji: Luffy!
Sanji: I made that specifically for Nami-san to-
Toriko: You're a cooking genius.
Sanji: Why'd you eat that?!
Excuse me.
Komatsu: You, too?!
Komatsu: What a delicious sauce...
Komatsu: I'm awestruck that you could make such an incredible sauce!
Sanji: Uh, yeah, well being told so honestly and straightforward is a little embarrassing.
Komatsu: The faint citrus scent and sourness is incredible.
Komatsu: Ah, I've got it!
Komatsu: This is juice from Surprise Oranges, isn't it?
Sanji: You can tell that?
Komatsu: I'm a bit of a chef myself.
Sanji: Hey, this guy could tell that from just one drop of orange juice that I added to bring out the flavor.
Sanji: What's with this guy's sense of taste?
Komatsu: Um, I'm a little embarrassed to bring this out after that sauce, but...
Komatsu: if you don't mind, would you sample the flavor of this?
Sanji: Hm? Sure.
Sanji: Yum!
Sanji: This mellow flavor, this exquisite seasoning!
Sanji: You did a pretty good job, didn'cha?
Komatsu: Thank you very much!
Nami: Okay then. We've got all our food supplies together,
Nami: let's head back to the Sunny.
Nami: Hey, what happened to the Barbecue Pig?!
Luffy: It was delicious.
Nami: You didn't need to eat all of it!
Nami: Ugh. You're always, ALWAYS...
Toriko: Gochisousama deshita.
TL Note: (Gochisousama deshita is a polite phrase normally said after eating a meal. )
Nami: Geez, and I thought we finally had something to bring back...
Luffy: It's not a problem, right?
Luffy: There's tons of food we can take around here.
Toriko: If it's food supplies you need, there's something out of this world here.
Toriko: The Hungerilla Bird.
Luffy: Hungerilla Bird?
Toriko: Yeah. The legendary ingredient, Hungerilla Bird.
Toriko: We came to this island for the purpose of catching it.
Toriko: 'Course, if we come against it, there's no guarantee we'll come out alive.
Toriko: But they say its meat melts the moment it touches the tongue,
Toriko: that it has a rich sweetness, and exudes an indescribable fragrance.
Komatsu: It has a complex wealth of varieties in it.
Komatsu: People who've eaten it are forever enraptured by it.
Komatsu: So much that it brought about the rumor that "All tastes lead to Hungerilla."
Komatsu: There are stories that people who have eaten it can never forget its taste,
Komatsu: and when they realized that, they began to swim through the seas looking for this island.
Luffy: Hungerilla Bird?
Luffy: Just how delicious is it?!
Toriko: Yeah, just thinking about it...
Both: makes me hungry!
Nami: What kinda stomachs do you guys have?!
Toriko: Seeing as it's the legendary Hungerilla Bird,
Toriko: maybe I can add it to my Full Course Menu.
Sanji: "My"?
Komatsu: Toriko-san is making a Lifetime Full Course Menu from hors d'oeuvre to dessert.
Luffy: Toriko's Full Course?! Man, I'd like to eat that!
Toriko: Though I still haven't decided on it at all.
Chopper: But how do you know the Hungerilla Bird is on the peak of the mountain?
Toriko: Take a look. The plants of Hungerilla Island grow extraordinarily fast.
Toriko: But despite that, there isn't a single blade of grass growing on the mountaintop.
Toriko: So that means there's something with a big enough appetite to eat all the plants before they finish growing,
Toriko: which means that without a doubt, the legendary bird, the Hungerilla Bird is there.
Nami: Oh, I see.
Toriko: This is bad news.
Chopper: What are these guys?
Chopper: WHAT ARE THESE GUYS?!
Toriko: One-Horned Bears.
Luffy: So you wanna fight?
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Toriko: Stop. Their meat is tough and totally inedible.
Toriko: So...
Toriko: Run away!
Nami: Wait! Couldn't you just beat those guys up like you say you do all the time?!
Toriko: Outside the purpose of eating them, I don't take the prey's lives.
Toriko: That's my rule!
Luffy: Hm? Really?
Luffy: Okay, then let's run away as fast as we can!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Luffy: Stamp!
TL Note: ( Gomu Gomu no Stamp = Rubber Rubber Stamp )
Luffy: Chopper! Nami!
Sanji: That's...?!
Luffy: What is it?
Toriko: This intimidating air...
Toriko: There's no mistake, this is the Hungerilla Bird!
Sanji: Nami-san!
Sanji: Hey, you stupid dog!
Sanji: Collier!
TL Note: ( "Collier" is French for "Neck" )
Chopper: Sanji!
Chopper: Heavy Point!
Sanji: Chopper!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Pistol!
Luffy: This guy's hard.
Sanji: It's like he's covered in a steel armor.
Chopper: Here he comes.
Toriko: It's pretty quick for something wearing a steel armor, don'cha think?
Luffy: Isn't there anything we can do?
Toriko: What makes him so hard is those feathers that cover his whole body.
Toriko: However, the fact that he goes as far as keeping himself covered with something so hard...
Toriko: ...means that what he's hiding inside is just that soft and delicious.
Luffy: Really?
Toriko: But, ya know... With him flying around like that, we can't lay a hand on him.
Luffy: So we just need to bring him down here?
Luffy: Yeah, leave that to me.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Luffy: Gattling!
Toriko: Not bad.
Chopper: He did it!
Sanji: No.
Sanji: The attack itself wasn't effective.
Toriko: Hungerilla Bird.
Toriko: I'll show you my respect.
Luffy: What?
Toriko: I'll let you see my human weaponry.
Nami: A metallic sound?
Toriko: I give thanks to all of the ingredients in this world.
Toriko: Itadakimasu!
Toriko: Fork!
Toriko: Knife!
Luffy: Pretty good.
Nami: Incredible.
Komatsu: That's Toriko-san for you.
Toriko: Gochisousama deshita.
Luffy: Yum!
Toriko: This fragrance is indescribable.
Toriko: This crispy textured skin,
Toriko: and spreading below it, a marbled meat dripping with bouillon like that of top-quality wagyu beef...
Toriko: ...that melts the very instant it touches your tongue!
Toriko: It's just like some superb high-quality tuna with plenty of fat.
Toriko: Y-Yum!
Sanji: Okay, here's more coming in.
Komatsu: The soup's ready, too.
Komatsu: I'm ladling it now.
Nami: What a nice smell.
Nami: Delicious!
Toriko: This stuff's the best!
Luffy: Well, it's thanks to you guys that we've got plenty to eat, Toriko.
Toriko: What're you talking about?
Toriko: It's thanks to you guys being here that we can eat a Hungerilla Bird like this, Luffy.
Nami: Something as good as this, you'd put in your Full Course, right, Toriko?
Toriko: Hm, I dunno about that...
Chopper: Wasn't this a legendary ingredient?
Toriko: It's excellent, without a doubt.
Toriko: But there are still plenty more delicious things out there in the world.
Toriko: It's not a decision ya rush.
Toriko: Come on, let's eat our fill!
Luffy: Yeah!
Usopp: I'm... hungry...
Brook: I'm so starved that my stomach and back feel like they're stuck together.
Brook: And worst of all, I don't even have a stomach or a back!
Komatsu: There we go...
Komatsu: Put this in here...
Nami: Hey, could I have seconds on soup?
Komatsu: Ah, sure.
Komatsu: Just a second.
Komatsu: There...
Komatsu: Okay...
Nami: What's that?
Komatsu: These are Spice Seeds.
Komatsu: I picked them up before.
Komatsu: If you add these, they work as a spice and give the soup different additional flavors.
Toriko: There's still more of my adventure with Luffy to go, but...
Toriko: Next week we head off to capture the Galala Crocodile.
Komatsu: It's more like a dinosaur rather than a crocodile!
Komatsu: It's ferocious, a 300 year old giant one!
Toriko: 300 years old, huh?
Toriko: The meat must be matured and delicious.
Komatsu: Why're you so relaxed?!
Komatsu: I'd better write my will.
Toriko: Next time on Toriko!
!
Toriko: Undiscovered ingredients, itadakimasu!
Toriko: This program have been presented by the following sponsors.
Toriko: There's still plenty more of my adventure with Luffy to go!
Toriko: Don't change the channel!
Toriko: This program have been presented by the following sponsors.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Gattling!
Toriko: Fork!
Toriko: Knife!
Toriko: Gochisousama deshita.
Komatsu: Put this in here...
Nami: Hey, could I have seconds on soup?
Nami: Just a second.
Nami: Okay...
Nami: What's that?
Komatsu: These are Spice Seeds.
Komatsu: If you add these, they work as a spice and give the soup different additional flavors.
Luffy: Man, I'm stuffed.
Toriko: That Hungerilla Bird was delicious!
Sanji: So you're really not putting the Hungerilla Bird in your Full Course?
Toriko: Yeah, pretty sure.
Toriko: What's wrong?
Chopper: She says Komatsu and Nami are gone!
Luffy: Huh?
Luffy: What's with these footprints?
Chopper: Something smells nice.
Toriko: It's the smell of high-quality cocoa.
Toriko: These footprints, without a doubt, belong to Cocoalas.
Luffy: Cocoalas?
Toriko: I've never seen one,
Toriko: but they're Capture Level 3.
Toriko: Their meat tastes bad; they're inedible.
Toriko: But I heard they have top-class sweet cocoa beans growing on their backs.
Sanji: Some fancy guys like that attacked Nami-san and him?
Toriko: No, they probably carried them back to their nest.
Toriko: Cocoalas are omnivorous. They'll store anything away as food.
Toriko: And they make their nests in Multitude Fruit Trees.
Sanji: Multitude Fruit?
Toriko: Melon, watermelon, apple, mango, and such.
Toriko: A fruit that contains the savoriness and sweetness of multitudes of different fruit.
Toriko: It's also known as the Fruit Parlor of the Earth!
Toriko: I wanna eat it!
Chopper: You're more concerned about food than your comrade?
Luffy: So where is that?
Toriko: They say that in order for the Multitude Fruit to grow as an extraordinarily sweet fruit,
Toriko: it has to live in the place where it can get the most sunlight.
Toriko: Found it.
Chopper: That?
Toriko: No doubt about it, those are Multitude Fruits!
Sanji: Nami-swan! We're on our way!
Toriko: Wait for me, Multitude Fruits!
Chopper: I feel bad for Komatsu.
Usopp: Luffy... What happened to our food?
Usopp: Luffy...
Zoro: Usopp...
Zoro: You've aged a whole lot.
Franky: At this rate you're gonna end up being just like Brook, nothing but bones. Ain't cha?
Brook: Nice skull joke.
Robin: But anyhow...
Sanji: What's this vapor?
Chopper: A geyser?!
Toriko: Watch out!
Toriko: Who knows where they'll erupt!
Chopper: These things are really hot.
Chopper: And sweet!
Chopper: This is chocolate!
Luffy: What?! Really?
Sanji: Stop letting your eyes sparkle!
Sanji: Focus on running!
Sanji: With as much time as we've taken already, Nami-san could be...
Luffy: What?
Toriko: A huge one's coming!
Everyone: Hooot!
Luffy: Oh no, a river!
Toriko: What's wrong?!
Chopper: Devil Fruit ability users can't swim!
Toriko: What?!
Luffy: Huh? It's not water.
Toriko: Cream?
Toriko: It's a whipped cream river.
Chopper: Yum!
Toriko: Okay, just a little further!
Toriko: Once we get though this forest, we'll arrive at the Multitude Fruits.
Chopper: What was that just now?!
Toriko: Just as I thought, a Caste Leo.
Sanji: Car stereo?
Caste Leo (Caasute Leo) [Mammal Beast] Capture Level 4
m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145
TL Note: ( Caste Leo is a pun on "car stereo". It's also a pun on "castella", a Japanese pound cake. )
Toriko: Its Capture Level is 4.
Toriko: Its mane is made of some excellently light and fluffy castella.
Sanji: Is that deep bass "uufaa uufaa" sound supposed to be a joke?
Luffy: We're going to where Nami is!
Luffy: We won't forgive anyone who gets in our way!
Chopper: Luffy!
Luffy: What?
Chopper: A sound shockwave.
Toriko: His castella sponge releases sound.
Toriko: It's like a giant speaker.
Sanji: Is there any way to beat it?
Toriko: Yeah. Can you draw his attack straight in front of him?
Sanji: Okay!
Toriko: Okay. Now!
Luffy: Toriko!
Toriko: He can only shoot his sound wave attack straight ahead!
Toriko: So you can attack from the side!
Toriko: 3 Ren Kugi Punch!
TL Note: ( San Ren Kugi Punch = Three Hit Nail Punch )
Chopper: Awesome!
Chopper: What was that just now?!
Toriko: Like pounding in a nail, it's several punches shooting in at once...
Toriko: The Kugi Punch.
Sanji: Do they dislike us this much?
Chopper: And there's so many of them.
Toriko: These guys move in packs.
Toriko: Five regular Caste Leos and one small Caste Leo.
Toriko: Looks like we're surrounded, huh?
Sani: Fry Gaeshi!
TL Note: ( Fry Gaeshi = Spatula )
Sani: What a beaut'ful way to appear.
Toriko: Sani!
Coco: Poison Rifle!
Rin: Endorphin Smoke!
Chopper: Now what's this?!
Sanji: It got quiet.
Coco: Hey, Toriko.
Toriko: Coco! Rin!
Rin: Toriko, I'm so glad you're safe!
Sanji: Ooh! An angel has flown down!
Luffy: Awesome! Are you guys Toriko's comrades?
Toriko: Well, sorta.
Toriko: Say, why are you guys here?
Coco: We heard you'd departed to go capture the Hungerilla Bird.
Coco: We came here to tell you the secrets of Hungerilla Island-
Rin: Anyway, you're so mean to leave me behind!
Rin: Searching across this island was really hard!
Rin: It was totally frustrating!
Coco: Speaking of which...
Coco: Where's Komatsu-kun?
Toriko: Well,
Toriko: he got carried off by Cocoalas.
Coco: What?!
Chopper: One of our comrades is with him.
Sani: This animal... 'ncredible!
Sani: It spoke!
Toriko: Damn. They got back up.
Chopper: We don't have time to fight all these guys!
Luffy: Hurry, we've gotta go save Nami!
Sanji: But these guys are dangerous.
Sani: Beaut'ful.
Sani: Care for your comrades.
Sani: That is more beaut'ful than anything.
Sani: Toriko, leave this to us. Get Komatsu.
Rin: We'll be alright by ourselves.
Toriko: Guys...
Coco: Now, you all must hurry, too!
Luffy: Thanks!
Toriko: Then I'll leave you to it.
Toriko: I'm definitely gonna get those Multitude Fruits, okay!
Rin: Multitude Fruits?
Coco: What about Komatsu-kun?
Sani: It kinda seems like Toriko's the only one with a goal different from everyone else's, huh?
Sani: Well, whatever the case...
Sani: Wanna take us on?!
Luffy: What's up, Toriko?
Toriko: Nothing...
Toriko: I was just wondering why the Caste Leos didn't attack the Cocoalas which have lower Capture Levels than them.
Sanji: Huh?
Toriko: If they got to the mountain top,
Toriko: then that means the Cocoalas had to pass through those Caste Leos' area.
Toriko: Unable to move quickly while holding her and Komatsu,
Toriko: they'd be an ideal prey for the Caste Leos.
Toriko: But their stomachs were empty.
Toriko: There must be some reason they didn't eat the Cocoalas.
Toriko: I've got a bad feeling about this.
Nami: Let us go!
Nami: You monster koalas!
Nami: You...
Komatsu: These are...
Komatsu: Multitude Fruits!
Komatsu: I-It's the first I've ever seen any!
Komatsu: I'm awestruck!
Nami: Huh?
Komatsu: I wonder what they taste like...
Komatsu: I wonder how I could cook them to bring out the raw ingredient's taste...
Nami: Would you please think a little more about the situation at hand?
Sanji: That's Nami-san's voice!
Chopper: Sanji!
Chopper: Nami-swan!
Chopper: A pack of... koalas?
Nami: Luffy, Sanji-kun!
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Luffy: Nami!
Toriko: That's...
Toriko: a Knock-Out Koala!
TL Note: ( Dotsukuzo Koala is a pun on the phrase "Dotsukuzo, koraa!" Meaning something along the lines of "I'll knock your lights out, you bastard!" )
Toriko: So he's the boss?
Toriko: I heard that when Cocoalas grow to adulthood, they become Knock-Out Koalas, but...
Toriko: I've never heard of such a huge Knock-Out Koala.
Toriko: Now I get why the Caste Leos didn't attack the Cocoalas.
Toriko: They were afraid of the Cocoala boss, the Knock-Out Koala.
Toriko: Looks like they've shown their true nature.
Sanji: Geez. Now we've gotta beat these guys or we can't save Nami-san?
Sanji: What's with this speed!
Toriko: I guess if you factor in their fighting abilities, the Cocoala's Capture Level wouldn't be just 3.
Luffy: Hey, Toriko!
Chopper: Luffy! Toriko!
Sanji: Hey!
Toriko: We'll leave these guys to you!
Sanji: Got it!
Sanji: Luffy, Toriko, you take care of Nami-san!
Toriko: Okay!
Luffy: We'll save her!
Sanji: What?!
Komatsu: Um... What about me?
Chopper: I won't let you get in Luffy and Toriko's way!
Robin: There's some commotion going on.
Franky: Ah, well.
Franky: If we keep waiting like this, we're not gonna get anywhere.
Franky: Wanna try bringing the ship around to the other side of the island?
Usopp: I can't move on an empty stomach.
Brook: It would be meaninglessly breaking bones.
Brook: Ah, that's because all I am is bones.
Franky: Quit complaining!
Franky: Raise the sail!
Nami: Luffy!
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Toriko: Luffy, are you okay?!
Luffy: Yeah.
Toriko: This bastard, I find it hard to believe he's just a Capture Level 5.
Toriko: Not bad!
Luffy: Hey, you, give Nami back!
Toriko: Yeah! Hand over the Multitude Fruits!
Komatsu: Eh?! You didn't come to save me?!
Toriko: Luffy!
Luffy: Toriko!
Toriko: What a strength...
Luffy: Okay, now it's my turn!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Toriko: Knife!
Luffy: It's dirty to use him and Nami as a shield!
Luffy: Toriko!
Luffy: Nami!
Luffy: Komatsu!
Toriko: That's a Multitude Fruit Tree all right.
Toriko: Even with all those intense moves from the Knock-Out Koala,
Toriko: it's totally unperturbed.
Toriko: And by using that recoil, his attack power is increasing tremendously.
Luffy: Sounds pretty dangerous.
Toriko: But, those huge trunks,
Toriko: I'm sure they're sending good nutrients up to those fruits.
Toriko: The Multitude Fruits.
Toriko: I'm definitely gonna eat them!
Sanji: He's still talking about stuff like that?
Luffy: Right!
Nami: Hey, Luffy, not you, too?!
Chopper: What're you thinking?!
Luffy: I give thanks...
Toriko: ...to all of the ingredients in this world.
Both: Itadakimasu!
Nami: H-Hey!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Toriko: Kugi Punch!
Both: Gochisousama deshita!
Toriko: Now then, how 'bout we help ourselves to the Multitude Fruits?
Toriko: Uh... Huh?
Luffy: What? They're acting kinda wobbly.
Sanji: Wh-What?
Chopper: Hey, you guys!
Sani: Hey, this is really somethin'!
Luffy: Hmm?
Toriko: Everyone, get down the mountain!
Coco: The island's true form has appeared.
Toriko: True form?
Coco: I told you that we came here to tell you the secret of Hungerilla Island, didn't I?
Toriko: Yeah.
Franky: Are you okay?
Usopp: It's sweet.
Chopper: Yum!
Chopper: This is caramel!
Toriko: What?!
Toriko: It's true.
Toriko: What's going on here?
Coco: Since ancient times, the legend of the Hungerilla Bird has been chronicled in many different documents.
Coco: The pioneers transcribed those documents and it has been continually passed down until the legend took its present form.
Toriko: That's why I went on what the legend from the document said. I found this island and captured that phantom ingredient, the Hungerilla Bird.
Sani: But the truth is that the phantom ingredient wasn't the Hungerilla Bird.
Rin: You see, the characters for "bird" and "island" are similar.
Rin: It seems the person who transcribed it wrote it incorrectly and so it's read wrong.
Toriko: Then, the phantom ingredient is...
Toriko: not the Hungerilla Bird.
Toriko: It's Hungerilla Island itself?!
Toriko: No wonder the Hungerilla Bird made such a weak impact.
Toriko: The island itself is the phantom ingredient,
Toriko: a natural pudding à la mode!
Luffy: Awesome!
Usopp: What the heck is this?!
Robin: I wonder if Luffy and the others are alright.
Both: YUUUUM!
Toriko: It's like a multitude of fruits condensed into this one magnificent sweetness!
Toriko: So this is Multitude Fruit?!
Toriko: It really is the Fruit Parlor of the Earth!
Luffy: Hey, Toriko.
Luffy: Do you think that maybe this whole mountain is made of pudding?
Toriko: You're right!
Toriko: Yum!
Luffy: Ah, hey! I was thinking about eating that!
Toriko: Whatever, there's plenty!
Toriko: Oh, now that I think of it, that mountain over there is ice cream!
Luffy: What?! Why didn't you say so sooner?!
Chopper: Hey! This castella is good, too!
Sanji: Hey, isn't that the mane from one of those Caste Leos from before?
Nami: So, you ate like pigs,
Nami: and in the end Toriko's not putting it in his Full Course, huh?
Toriko: Yeah, well, the world's a big place.
Toriko: There are still plenty of delicious things out there.
Luffy: You really are a glutton, aren't you?
Sanji: We're all stocked up on food supplies.
Sanji: We can set sail at any time.
Luffy: Righto!
Luffy: Well, we're going.
Toriko: Okay. Let's meet again somewhere.
Toriko: And then, I'll treat you to my Lifetime Full Course.
Luffy: Okay, I'll be looking forward to it, Toriko.
Toriko: See ya, Luffy.
Chopper: Bye!
Komatsu: Goodbye!
Sani: Cheerful farewells are nice, but...
Sani: Who the hell are those guys?
Nami: Okay, let's leave this part of the sea!
Nami: We've got all our food supplies.
Zoro: Hey, that's nothing but pudding, isn't it?!
Usopp: No, no, no. They say that if you add soy sauce to pudding it makes it taste like sea urchin,
Usopp: so with this wealth of varieties,
Usopp: let's harvest a sea of sea urchins!
Toriko: So, Komatsu, guess it's about time for us to get going, too.
Toriko: To a journey in search of new ingredients!
Komatsu: Yes, Toriko-san!
Preview: With a deep wound in his heart from having lost Ace,
Preview: Luffy remembers the day of 10 years in the past.
Preview: And because Ace is trying not to accept others,
Preview: Luffy follows after him.
Preview: The story of the mysterious bond by which the two became brothers begins.
Luffy: Luffy and Ace. The Tale of the Brothers Meeting!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
