Letter: To my brothers at Mt. Corvo - Sabo
Ace: I...
Ace: will not run away!
Garp: Even when he was up against a huge army and had no chance of winning...
Garp: Roger stood his ground, he never ran away.
Dadan: Did he want to die or something?\NFleeing is a way to fight as well.
Garp: True, but he never ran.
Garp: Because the people he held dear were behind him.
Garp: If they ran away together,\Nhis crewmates' lives would be in danger too.
Garp: To be precise, it's not that he never ran away...
Garp: but rather, he didn't want the enemy to go after his crew.  So he never let the enemy get away.
Garp: When he was like that, Roger truly was a demon.
Garp: There were times when he annihilated entire armies, just because they spoke badly of his crew.
Garp: True, if you made him mad, he was brutal, short-tempered and selfish...
Garp: However, those actions were always as simple and honest as those of a child.
Garp: I'm sure he grew up similar to how Ace is now.
Garp: He truly hated the thought of losing his loved ones.
Garp: It was his reckless lifestyle, and the luck\Nthat kept him alive, that made him the Pirate King.
Garp: He had an awful reputation around the world, but the trust he earned from his crew was immeasurable.
Garp: Even though I'm a marine, I could never bring myself to hate him.
Garp: That is why I decided to take care of Ace.
Dadan: We're the ones taking care of him!
Garp: Huh?!  It sounds like you've got a problem with that.
Dadan: Uh, no, none at all.
Sabo: Even with parents, I'm still alone!
Sabo: Ace, Luffy.  I hope you weren't hurt in the fire.
Sabo: I'm worried, but I believe that you're safe.
Sabo: I'm sorry about this, but by the time you read this letter, I'll be...
Sabo: out at sea.
Sabo: A lot has happened, and I've decided to set sail ahead of you guys.
Sabo: My destination won't be in this country, but elsewhere.
Sabo: There, I will become stronger...
Sabo: I'll become a pirate!
Sabo: Let's become pirates with more freedom than anyone else, and meet up again someday.  The three of us.
Sabo: Somewhere out on the wide, free ocean... I'm sure that someday, we'll meet!
Sabo: Oh, and Ace...
Sabo: I wonder who's the older brother between the two of us?
Sabo: Two eldest sons, and one younger brother...
Sabo: It might be strange, but\Nthis bond between us is my treasure.
Sabo: Luffy might still be a weakling and a crybaby...
Sabo: but he's our brother!  Take care of him for me!
Sabo: Ace!  Luffy!
Sabo: The three of us have to set out to sea someday!
Sabo: We'll get out of this country and be free!
Ace: With this, starting today, we're...
Ace: brothers!
Trio: Yeah!
Sabo: Noblemen only become true nobles once they turn eighteen.
Sabo: That's why I will leave this kingdom when I turn seventeen!
