Everybody: Dream 9 Super Collaboration Special!
Translation\n\n\n\nkewl0210
Editing\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nprefix-
Timing\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSeboo
Typesetting\n\n\n\n\n\nrtrs
Karaoke\n\n\n\nThunderEmperor
Encode\n\n\n\nmax80
QC\n\n\n\nMistral[sA]
Distro\n\n\n\nprefix-
Kittie
Announcer: Now, we will finally be getting the event underway!
Announcer: Organized by the International Gourmet Organization, the IGO,
Announcer: the Tenkaichi Kuoukai!
TL Note: ( This is a pun on Tenkaichi Budoukai (Best Under the Heavens Martial Arts Tournament) from Dragon Ball. It translates to "Best Under the Heavens Eating Tournament" )
Announcer: The winner of this race will be given the legendary meat of the Carat Juicattle, said to be the most delicious under the heavens.
Announcer: Strawhat pirates and Bishokuya that have gathered here from all over the world
Announcer: are now standing at the starting line!
Announcer: Without further ado,
Announcer: begin!!
Announcer: All entrants start at once!
Announcer: Wh-What's this?!
Announcer: A huge pitfall has opened at the starting point!
Announcer: Wait, that's...
m 0 0 l 520 0 l 520 70 l 0 70
Sign: Howcantlionthisbe (Konnanoarijigoku) (Insect Beast) Capture Level 40
Announcer: The Capture Level 40 beast,
Announcer: the Howcantlionthisbe!
Guys: How can this be?!
Guys: Will all contestants be disqualified right at the starting line?!
Guys: Oh my! Some contestants have broken through!
Guys: Th-That's...
Guys: Heavenly King Toriko
Guys: and Sani!
Guys: And his little sister, Rin!
Guys: As well as Toriko's partner, Komatsu!
Guys: Following right behind is the Strawhat Crew!
Guys: Luffy, Sanji, Chopper,
Guys: Nami, Franky, Brook, and Zoro!
Sani: It's so nice to see you again, Rin-chan!
Rin: Geez, this guy again?
Luffy: Meat! I'm gonna eat that legendary meat!
Toriko: Luffy! I thought you might be here, too.
Luffy: It's been a while, Toriko.
Guy: Oh, there are still some others!
Guy: Someone else made it out!
Guy: That person breaking out from the pack, could he be...?
Guy: It's...
Guy: S-Son Gokuu!
Gohan: We're here, too!
Trunkten: Yeah, that's right!
Somebody: Meat!
Gokuu: Let's win and eat some tasty meat!
Title: Run, Strongest Army!
Title: Toriko, Luffy, and Gokuu!
m 0 0 l 85 0 l 85 70 l 0 70
Sign: Start
m 0 0 l 85 0 l 85 70 l 0 70
Sign: Goal
Guy: Contestants are free to choose their own route in this race.
Guy: With the exception of flying through the air, all methods are permitted.
Guy: In this flat-out survival race, the one that reaches the stadium at the center of the island
Guy: will be titled Champion and awarded with the legendary meat,
Guy: the Carat Juicattle!
Guy: We would like to thank the Tenkaichi Budoukai for providing a live play-by-play announcer.
Guy: That's me!
Guy: And we will be receiving commentary from Chief Mansam of the IGO, the organizers of this event.
Mansam: Hey, did you just call me handsome?
Ann: No, sir, I did not.
Ann: And one more...
Ann: Everyone, we bring you...
Ann: the strongest man in the world,
Ann: Mister Satan!
Satan: Not the world...
Satan: I'm strongest in all the universe!
Guys: Satan! Satan! Satan! Satan! Satan!
Kuririn: Hey, Piccolo,
Kuririn: is the Carat Juicattle really that delicious?
Piccolo: I wouldn't know.
Coco: The Carat Juicattle?
Coco: It is a kind of cattle that only eats high-class, high-value foods.
Coco: Its meat is so exquisite, the juices that come from it are sometimes called "meat juice".
Robin: And for that reason, it can be sold for a high price, yes?
Coco: You're quite knowledgeable on the subject, Robin-san.
Robin: It's easy enough to figure out, Coco.
Robin: Just look over there.
Nami: I've heard that the Carat Juicattle even eats valuable jewels,
Nami: and that makes its bones into multi-thousand carat diamonds!
Nami: I've got to get my hands on it!
Krill: I see. So that's why Number 18 is so hyped about this.
Ann: Look at this!
m 0 0 l 85 0 l 85 70 l 0 70
m 0 0 l 85 0 l 85 70 l 0 70
m 0 0 l 55 0 l 55 70 l 0 70
m 0 0 l 155 0 l 155 70 l 0 70
Center: Crossroads
Top: Cliffs
Left: Desert
Right: Forest
Announcer: It seems our contestants are approaching the crossroads.
Announcer: The straight-ahead route is the sheer cliff!
Announcer: To the East is the deep forest where ferocious demon beasts live.
Announcer: And to the West is the vast desert and wasteland.
Announcer: Which route our contestants choose
Announcer: is certain to have a major effect on the outcome of the race.
Gokuu: This is the shortest route, right?
Ann: It seems Gokuu, Toriko, and Luffy have progressed straight onto the cliff!
Mansam: They're heading straight up the sheer cliff?
Satan: Maybe those guys are decent.
Gohan: I really don't think I'll beat Dad going on the same course as him.
Komatsu: Please wait up!
Komatsu: Don't leave me behind all alone!
Sanji: Aw, dammit. Nami-san, Rin-chan...
Sanji: I've lost my beloved angels!
Setsu: Angel? Do you mean me?
Sanji: Hell no!
m 0 0 l 473 0 l 473 63 l 0 63
Sign: Full Stomach Baboon (Manpuku Hihi) (Mammal Beast) Capture Level 45
T/N: ( This is a pun on "Hamadryas Baboon" (Manhihi) and "full stomach" (Manpuku). )
Komatsu: A giant hamadryas baboon!
Setsuno: That's a Full Stomach Baboon.
Gohan: Please stand back.
Gohan: I'll handle this.
Setsu: Hold on, please!
Setsu: There is no need to fight.
Setsu: This fellow is known as the Gourmand of the Forest.
Setsu: If he fills his stomach on tasty things, he'll become docile.
Sani: I getcha. How 'bout we give it a try, Komatsu?
Komatsu: Ah, okay!
Sanji: You like my cooking?
Komatsu: He's sure got quite an appetite.
Gohan: I never would've thought of fighting that way.
Rin: It's so totally hot...
Roushi: Hot...
Brook: I think I'm gonna die... But I'm already dead.
Nami: Hey, are you all right?
Rin: Get ahold of yourself!
Both: I think I'm done for...
Roushi: Maybe with a little puff-puff, I could survive...
T/N: ( "Puff-puff" is a running joke in Akira Toriyama's works referring to women rubbing their breasts on someone's face. )
Brook: I think if I saw some panties I may be all right...
Rin: Like hell!
18: You don't give up, do you?
Franky: Hey, are you seriously a cyborg?
Franky: That's pretty super!
Rin: It's like everybody here's a pervert.
Franky: Hey, no need to praise us so much!
Rin: That was not praise!
Trunks: Goten, let's work together!
Goten: Okay, Trunks-kun.
Both: Fu-sion ha!
Gotenks: Ta-da!
Sani: Ew, gross!
Chopper: Awesome!
Chopper: That's so cool!
Chopper: Could you teach me to do that?!
Gotenks: Okay, you just need a partner.
Chopper: Really?!
Chopper: Then, Sani!
Chopper: A fusion! C'mon, let's do a fusion!
Sani: No! No way I'm doing that!
Sani: Seriously, you and I are...
Sani: You're, like...
Luffy: W-W-Woah. That was close.
Toriko: You sure are fast, Luffy!
Luffy: You, too, Toriko!
Luffy: That Gokuu guy's pretty good, too.
Gokuu: So this is the peak?
Gokuu: Looks like I can make it to the goal if I just keep headin' straight.
Luffy: He-yup.
Gokuu: Aw, man. You guys caught up.
Kaiou: Gokuu! Big trouble!
Gokuu: Kaiou-sama?
Gokuu: I'm kinda busy right now, do you need something?
Kaiou: It's a universal crisis!
Kaiou: An incredibly strong evil ki has appeared!
Gokuu: Huh? Really?
Gokuu: Man, that sucks...
Gokuu: Okay, I'll be right there.
Toriko: H-He disappeared?!
Luffy: Who really was that guy?
Tina: Hello, I am currently in the meadow in front of the forest.
Tina: Ah, someone's coming!
Zoro: What the hell is this place?
Zoro: Where do I go?
Usopp: Hey, isn't that Zoro?
Usopp: Geez, did he get lost again?
Zebra: I thought you guys were bein' noisy.
Zebra: So you were holding a big competition?
Ann: Wh-What was that just now?
Tina: Z-Z-Zebra!
Tina: Gourmet Heavenly King Zebra has appeared!
Vegeta: Nobody told me about this competition!
Vegeta: Where is Kakarot?
Vegeta: I'm going to settle things with him once and for all.
Zoro: Who the hell are you guys?
Zebra: You'd better not get cocky!
Vegeta: Oh. You bastards seem to have quite decent power levels.
Tina: Th-This looks dangerous!
Zoro: Hyakuhachi Pound Hou!
T/N: ( Hyakuhachi Pound Hou = Phoenix of the 108 Earthly Desires (or 108 Pound Cannon) )
Vegeta: Galic Hou!
T/N: ( Galic Hou = Galic Gun )
Guy: Uh... It seems our video's been interrupted.
Guy: Satan-san, what was that just now?
Satan: A trick! That must have been a trick!
Ann: Oh?! It seems someone has arrived at the stadium!
Ann: It's...
Ann: Toriko and Luffy!
Gokuu: I'm here, too!
Gokuu: I'm here to save the world!
Guy: Oh! Gokuu has arrived, too!
Guy: It's a red-hot dead heat!
Gokuu: I'm taking that meat!
Luffy: I'm gonna win!
Toriko: I'm gonna eat that Carat Juicattle!
Ann: S-Somehow, Gokuu, Toriko, and Luffy have all reached the goal simultaneously!
Ann: Um... What do we do in the event of a tie?
Mansam: In that case, we'll have these three settle it here on the stage.
Satan: Wh-What?!
Ann: Incredible! A stage has appeared in the center of the stadium!
Guy: Hey, it's Mister Satan!
Guy: Yeah! Is he gonna fight?
Guy: Satan!
Guy: Satan!
Ann: Astounding! Unable to resist the chance at a fight, Mister Satan bursts onto the stage!
Satan: Uh, no. You've got it all wrong.
Satan: Aw, man. I might get killed here.
Gohan: Dad!
Roushi: Gokuu!
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Rin: Toriko!
Nami: Give it your all, Luffy!
People: Satan! Satan! Satan!
Ann: In this fight, we will be enforcing the rules of the Tenkaichi Budoukai
Ann: where you only lose when you say \N"I give up" or you fall out of the ring.
Ann: Who will be the one to grasp victory?!
Ann: Without further ado, begin!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Kane!
T/N: ( Gomu Gomu no Kane = Rubber Rubber Bell )
Gokuu: So it hits you with a delayed effect?
Gokuu: You guys have some unique abilities.
Toriko: So that wasn't too effective?
Luffy: Gear Second!
Luffy: Here goes!
Luffy: Toriko!
Luffy: Jet Bazooka!
Ann: What a fierce battle!
Ann: Not one of them is giving an inch!
Luffy: Jet Pis...
Luffy: You...
Satan: Wh-What is with this fight?
Satan: If this is a dream, please let me wake up soon!
Gokuu: You guys sure are strong!
Gokuu: I'm getting super excited!
Gokuu: Guess it's time for to get serious.
Toriko: Serious? It'd be my pleasure.
Luffy: All right. Guess I'll go all-out, too.
Gokuu: That's the spirit!
Ann: Oh my! It looks like the three contestants are going into serious mode!
Luffy: Gear Third! Busoushoku Kouka!
T/N: ( Gear Third Busoushoku Kouka = Gear Third: Color of Armaments: Hardening )
Gokuu: I'll get going, too.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Elephant...
Gokuu: Kamehame...
Luffy: Gatling!
Gokuu: ha!
Ann: Is everyone all right?
Ann: Um. It seems the stage has been destroyed
Ann: and Toriko is out of the ring.
Ann: As is Luffy!
Ann: And Gokuu, too!
Ann: I guess we're going to have to call it a tie...
Ann: Ah, wait!
Ann: One still remains!
Ann: Mister Satan still remains inside the ring!
Ann: Th-The winner is Mister Satan!
Guys: Huh?!
Guys: Satan! Satan! Satan!
Satan: I'm so powerful I can win without even fighting!
Luffy: What about the meat?
Toriko: How can that seriously happen?!
Both: What kind of punch line is this?
Gokuu: This is it?
Toriko: The Carat Juicattle!
Luffy: Man, it looks good!
Mansam: Mister Satan has decided to share the Carat Juicattle with all of you.
Gokuu: Well, that sounds fair.
Gokuu: By the way, guys,
Gokuu: you guys sure are strong!
Gokuu: You really surprised me!
Toriko: You, too!
Mansam: Well in any case, thanks to these guys
Mansam: we were able to lure that thing out.
Tina: The Toriko anime has finally reached its 100th episode!
Tina: To celebrate, the prey this time is the Madam Fish!
Tina: Who will be the one to reel her in?!
Title: Commemorating the Hundredth Episode
Title: All Four Heavenly Kings Assemble!
Tina: Next time will be a heaping helping of fun, too!
Guys: There's still more to come!
Guys: Yeah!
OP Narr: The International Gourmet Organization, the IGO,
OP Narr: is holding a rigorous rule-free race, the Tenkaichi Kuoukai.
OP Narr: Seeking the championship prize, the legendary Carat Juicattle beef,
OP Narr: stalwart pirates and Bishokuya lined up at the starting line. But...
OP Narr: the moment the race started, they became prey for a gigantic antlion.
OP Narr: However, escaping that danger,
OP Narr: Toriko, Luffy, Gokuu, and their comrades continued the race.
OP Narr: They overcame a number of obstacles and reached the goal, but...
Ann: S-Somehow, Gokuu, Toriko, and Luffy have all reached the goal simultaneously!
Mansam: In that case, we'll have these three settle it here on the stage.
Ann: Astounding! Unable to resist the chance at a fight, Mister Satan bursts onto the stage!
OP Narr: An intense battle broke out between Toriko, Luffy, and Gokuu.
Luffy: Gatling Gun!
Gokuu: ha!
OP Narr: However...
Ann: Th-The winner is Mister Satan!
Satan: I'm so powerful I can win without even fighting!
Luffy: What about the meat?
Toriko: How can that seriously happen?!
OP Narr: At that moment, a mysterious creature was approaching them from the depths of the sea...
Title: History's Ultimate Collaboration
Title: The Glutton of the Sea
Trunks: Look, Goten! It's such a nice view!
Goten: Sure is!
Chopper: I've never had a meal overlooking such nice scenery before!
Rin: I'm totally excited, too!
Krillin: Is it still not time to eat? I'm starved...
Sani: That Carat Juicattle lookin' so good!
Nami: This is supposed to be a legendary meat that's the tastiest under the heavens, right?!
Setsu: Okay, cooking's done!
Komatsu: Thank you for waiting, everyone!
Luffy: Meat!
Gokuu: Food!
Toriko: So this is Carat Juicattle Steak?!
Toriko: I can't stop drooling!
Setsu: It's quite a special meat, so be sure to savor it thoroughly.
Komatsu: We made plenty, so don't be bashful about asking for seconds.
Luffy: It looks so tasty!
Toriko: Hang on!
Toriko: Before we eat, put your hands together like this.
Gokuu: Like this?
Toriko: With thanks to all of the ingredients in this world...
Toriko: Itadakimasu!
Guys: Itadakimasu!
Toriko: Yum!
Toriko: It's like a fountain of meat juices!
Toriko: The juices are just bursting out of it!
Luffy: These Carat Juicattle chops are tasty, too.
Gokuu: Could I have seconds?
Breasts: I've never had such delicious meat!
Nami: And here are the Carat Juicattle bones said to be thousands of carats!
Nami: It's so pretty!
Franky: I'm really super, so I actually prefer cola to meat.
Franky: So you're pretty super, too, eh?
Tina: Do you not eat meat?
Chopper: This cotton candy is delicious. Want some?
Tina: Th-Thank you.
Brook: Knowing that such a delicious meat exists truly opens my eyes!
Brook: Though I don't have any eyes!
Uso: Yum! I love this!
Sani: This Carat Juicattle is beaut'ful!
Roushi: This is so good it'll add years to my life!
Bulma: Hey! Eat your own!
Komatsu: That reminds me, has anyone seen Zoro-san?
Sanji: Don't worry about him. He always gets lost.
Gokuu: This meat really is great.
Luffy: Sooo good!
Toriko: The Carat Juicattle definitely is something,
Toriko: but it doesn't taste this good just because of the meat.
Toriko: Look.
Toriko: It tastes this good because we can all eat it together.
Toriko: When everyone eats together, it tastes way, way better.
Toriko: Hey, are you guys listening to me?!
Luffy: Huh? What?
Gokuu: You're talking about how good the meat is, right?
Komatsu: Thank you very much, Satan-san.
Komatsu: It made a delicious meal.
Satan: It's my prize to all of you for working so hard.
Satan: Listen close. When you've got something tasty to eat,
Satan: it's always tastier when it you eat it in a group than when you eat it alone.
Komatsu: That's what Toriko-san just said.
Robin: Mansam-san,
Robin: what exactly are you planning?
Robin: We'd like to hear your reason for holding this competition.
Piccolo: The IGO's goal is to gather people with strong ki, is it not?
Coco: There's an ulterior motive, isn't there?
Mansam: I thought you'd see through it.
Mansam: This competition was held so the IGO could capture the Akamy.
Coco: What?!
Coco: The gourmand of the deep sea, the Akamy?!
Rin: Wh-What's that?!
Bulma: Is it one of this island's attractions?
Gokuu: When did it...?
Komatsu: What is that fish?
Setsuno: Its the legendary fish, the Akamy.
Toriko: This is the legendary Akamy?
Luffy: Akamy?
m 0 0 l 473 0 l 473 63 l 0 63
Sign: Akamy  (Fish Beast)  Capture Level Unknown
Toriko: Yeah.
Toriko: They say it's a ferocious fish with an appetite as deep as the sea,
Toriko: and that it will devour anything.
Usopp: Ferocious?
Usopp: It looks like it couldn't hurt a fly!
Satan: There's no need to be afraid. Just leave everything to me.
Satan: C'mon, here boy.
Uso: There, there. You cute little fish...
Gokuu: Watch out!
Gokuu: Gohan!
Luffy: Usopp, are you okay?!
Komatsu: It got bigger!
Setsuno: It eats the power of living creatures which causes it to grow rapidly.
Luffy: You bastard!
Gokuu: Gohan!
Gokuu: Are you okay?
Gohan: Yes...
Gohan: But it feels like all of the strength's been sapped from my body...
Setsu: That will be because of the Akamy's poison.
Luffy: Poison?
Luffy: Is there any way to cure them?
Setsu: You'll need to capture the Akamy within 30 minutes
Setsu: and make its body into an antidote.
Luffy: Okay, got it.
Gokuu: So we've just gotta beat that thing up?
Toriko: I'll go, too.
Luffy: Toriko!
Toriko: Let's make sure we get that Akamy!
Gokuu: And she said it's gotta be within 30 minutes.
Luffy: Yeah.
Piccolo: So you gathered together powerful fighters in order to lure that fish in?
Trunks: We're coming, too!
Goten: Yeah!
Mansam: If we left that thing alone, it's possible it would devour every beast in the world and more.
Mansam: I'm sure those guys will be able to handle it, though.
Sanji: See it anywhere?
Sani: Not over here.
Sanji: Sure is a tricky fish to have hid in a forest.
Sani: Okay, I'll search over this way.
Sani: You go over there.
Sanji: Hold on a second, four-colored hair!
Sani: What'd you say, bastard?!
Sanji: Like hell I'm doing something as gross as following your instructions!
Sani: What're you calling gross, spiral eyebrow?!
Sani: That w's close.
Sanji: Looks like he saved us the trouble of looking for him.
Sanji: I'll take it down right here.
Sanji: Don't get in my way.
Sani: What'd you say, bastard?!
Sanji: Diable Jambe!
T/N: ( Diable Jambe = Devil Leg (French) )
Sani: You...
Piccolo: Don't just stand around, let's go!
Sanji: Sky Walk!
Poêle à Frire: Spectre!
T/N: ( Poêle à Frire: Spectre = Frying Pan: Spectrum (French) )
Sani: Did we get him?
Gokuu: That beast can hide its ki?
Gokuu: Aw, man...
Brook: It sure is an eye-openingly beautiful waterfall, isn't it?
Brook: Though by the way, I don't actually have any eyes.
Brook: Too much?
Coco: Everyone else went to search the forest, so we'll search the waterfront.
Brook: I see. I was sure...
Brook: What in the world?
Coco: Brook-san!
m 0 0 l 495 0 l 495 64 l 0 64
Sign: Middle Torou  (Chuu Toro) (Fish Beast)  Capture Level Unknown
Trunks: Did it have such an ugly face?
Goten: It even grew wings!
Coco: What?!
Trunks: Goten!
Goten: Right!
Both: Fu-sion ha!
Both: Super Gotenks enters the fray!
Both: You're about to be pulverized in an instant!
Both: Get ready!
Franky: Hold it a second!
Franky: Taking care of that thing is my job.
Gotenks: Wh-What is that?
Franky: Iron Pirate Franky Shogun!
Franky: I know you absorb energy with your tentacles.
Franky: But such an attack will do nothing against the invincible Franky Shogun!
Franky: I'm short on time, so i'll be making a quick counterattack.
Franky: Franky...
Franky: Radical...
Gotenks: What are you doing?!
Gotenks: Well, whatever. I'm all ready now.
Gotenks: I'll teach you just how monstrously strong I am!
Gotenks: Super Ghost Kamikaze Attack!
Gotenks: The end!
Gotenks: No way you're gonna win!
Luffy: Where'd that thing go?
Toriko: I can smell it.
Toriko: It's close!
Toriko: Hey, hey, are you kidding me?
m 0 0 l 482 0 l 482 63 l 0 63
Sign: Big Torou (Fish Beast)  Capture Level Unknown
T/N: ( Each name is a slight alteration of grades of tuna. "Akami" (lean), chuutoro (middle grade), and "Ootoro" (high grade).  )
Robin: Do you think they'll be okay?
Mansam: I didn't think it would progress that far...
Toriko: Right off the bat...
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Luffy: Jet Pistol!
Toriko: Luffy!
Toriko: Thanks.
Luffy: No prob.
Luffy: Gokuu!
Gokuu: Looks like I made it in time.
Gokuu: This is the Akamy, right? It seems kinda different somehow.
Luffy: Huh? Does it?
Toriko: It reached its final form, the Big Torou.
Toriko: This thing's power is supposed to be a hundred times the Middle Torou
Toriko: but it's also supposed to be a hundred times as delicious.
Toriko: They say it has the tasty parts of every kind of seafood.
Luffy: Is it really that tasty?
Gokuu: Hold on, everyone.
Gokuu: I'm gonna beat the crap outta this guy and feed him to you!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Luffy: Bullet!
Luffy: Stamp!
Luffy: Kane!
Gokuu: Kamehameha!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Luffy: Elephant Gun!
Gokuu: Luffy, that attack just now was incredible!
Toriko: Now, the capturing is complete!
Guys: Yeah!
Gokuu: How far do you think it flew?
Luffy: Either way, he fell somewhere in this hole.
Luffy: That sure is a huge hole.
Gokuu: Well, we'd better get looking for it.
Gokuu: C'mon...
Toriko: Huh? What's wrong?
Toriko: Th-That's...
m 0 0 l 503 0 l 503 64 l 0 64
Sign: Super Big Torou (Fish Beast) Capture Level Unknown
Luffy: That hurt, you bastard!
Luffy: Toriko, are you okay?!
Toriko: It was nothing big.
Luffy: But what's with that thing?
Toriko: It absorbed all of our attacks and evolved even further.
Toriko: It looks like it's not just the energy of living creatures,
Toriko: but it even absorbs the attacks dealt to it to get stronger.
Toriko: At this rate, that thing will keep growing until it absorbs every living thing on the planet.
Luffy: So what do we do?
Toriko: The only way we can beat it is by hitting it with one attack so big it can't absorb it.
Luffy: Ah, Gokuu.
Gokuu: I have... a favor to ask you.
Gokuu: My Genki Dama can do that.
T/N: ( Geki Dama = Spirit Ball )
Luffy: Genki Dama?
Gokuu: It's a technique that borrows energy from the ground, the forest, the sea, and living creatures little by little and then fires it.
Luffy: Can you beat it with that attack?
Gokuu: Probably. But it'll take a while to gather the ki. I'll need you two to buy time.
Luffy: Ah, okay.
Toriko: Leave it to us.
Gokuu: Just a little longer...
Luffy: Gokuu, is it done yet?
Gokuu: Something's strange...
Gokuu: I can't gather any more ki!
Toriko: What?!
Toriko: Don't tell me...
Toriko: It's absorbing the Genki Dama's energy?!
Gokuu: Dammit...
Gokuu: Everybody on the island!
Gokuu: Let me borrow more of your energy!
Gohan: That's dad's voice.
Roushi: Everyone, raise your hands!
Videl: Let's send him our energy!
Mansam: We have all these strong people here!
Piccolo: This'll make an incredible Genki Dama!
Guys: You can do it!
Guys: Go for it!
Gokuu: All right, all right, all right!
Gokuu: How 'bout this?!
Gokuu: What?!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Luffy: Elephant Gatling!
Gokuu: Kamehame...
Gokuu: ha!
Luffy: I can't move a muscle...
Toriko: Me either... I'm beat.
Gokuu: I'm... I'm...
Gokuu: so hungry.
Luffy: Me, too.
Toriko: Okay, let's all go eat together.
Gokuu: Yeah, food!
Luffy: Let's have a party!
Gokuu: Oww...
Toriko: With thanks to all of the ingredients in this world...
Toriko: Itadakimasu!
Toriko: This fat has such an incredible sweetness!
Toriko: The meat melts the moment you put it in your mouth!
Toriko: This Big Torou sure is incredible!
Toriko: Yum!
Sanji: This is Big Torou Carpaccio.
Sanji: I boiled down the Kara Juicattle bones into a sauce.
Nami: What did you do to those valuable bones?!
Usopp: This meat's made me feel 100% better!
Chopper: Yum! This is the best!
Roushi: It's quite a good rump.
Franky: This Mellow Cola is super!
Setsuno: What a handsome pompadour.
Sani: I hate to admit it, but it's beaut'ful!
Gokuu: Toriko, this food is delicious!
Toriko: Yeah. The Big Torou's meat is definitely tasty...
Toriko: But what's really delicious...
Satan: is everyone eating it together!
Komatsu: Yeah. That's Toriko's thing, again.
Mansam: In any case, this case is closed.
Luffy: Fry up more meat!
Toriko: Yeah, get me some, too, please.
Gokuu: Ah, me, too!
Komatsu: Okay!
Luffy: By the way, where'd Zoro go?
Toriko: I haven't seen Zebra in a while, either.
Gokuu: Hey, did Vegeta not come to this?
Bulma: Huh? I don't know.
Komatsu: Huh?! They're still fighting?!
Lyrics: jitto dekinai tomarenai
Lyrics: I can't stand still, I can't stop
Lyrics: yoake ga osokute jirettai
Lyrics: Daybreak hasn't come yet and I can't wait
Lyrics: ichi, ni, SUNSHINE yon... We Go!
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine, four... We Go!
Lyrics: hata wo ageyou BREAK OF ROMANCE DAWN
Lyrics: Fly the flag, Break of Romance Dawn
Lyrics: namikaze tateyou  suriipu kara no janpusutto
Lyrics: Make waves, jumpstart from your sleep
Lyrics: arienai sekai wo yuku nara
Lyrics: If you want to go to the unbelievable world
Lyrics: kimi no tafunesu sore ga hitsuyou
Lyrics: your toughness, that's what it takes
Lyrics: medachisugi sore tte tsumi?
Lyrics: Being brazen, is it a crime?
Lyrics: shimeitehai → tsumari WINNER（・∀・）
Lyrics: Wanted → means Winner (:D)
Lyrics: jiyou dakega ore tachi no ruuru
Lyrics: Freedom is our rule
Lyrics: shinpai nante dokofuku kaze~
Lyrics: It's not our way to worry~
Lyrics: ttai one piece ichibannori
Lyrics: At any cost, One Piece, I'll be the first
Lyrics: yume miru kokoro wa chou dekai
Lyrics: My dreaming heart is huge
Lyrics: samenai koto ga daiji--
Lyrics: It's important not to wake up~
Lyrics: tto dekinai tomarenai
Lyrics: I can't stand still, I can't stop
Lyrics: yoake ga osokute jirettai
Lyrics: Daybreak hasn't come yet and I can't wait
Lyrics: ichi, ni, Sunshine
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine
Lyrics: ichi, ni, Sunshine yon... WE GO!
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine, four... We Go!
Lyrics: ore tachi wa...koko made kitaze
Lyrics: We... made it this far
Lyrics: ore tachi wa yuku...yume no arika e
Lyrics: We go... to where the dream is
Lyrics: dare mo oitekanaize~
Lyrics: We won't leave anyone behind~
Lyrics: nshinaru nomi sore ga chikai
Lyrics: Keep going forward, that's our pledge
Lyrics: yume ga hajimatta ano hi kara
Lyrics: Since the day that the dream began
Lyrics: mezasu mirai wa onaji--
Lyrics: the future that I'm aiming at hasn't changed
Lyrics: tto dekinai tomarenai
Lyrics: I can't stand still, I can't stop
Lyrics: kokoro no taiyou shizumanai
Lyrics: The sun of my heart will never set
Lyrics: ichi, ni, Sunshine
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine
Lyrics: ichi, ni, Sunshine
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine
Lyrics: ichi, ni, Sunshine
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine
Lyrics: ichi, ni, Sunshine yon... WE GO!
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine four... We Go!
Lyrics: We Go!
Title: Chopper Enraged
Title: The Master's Inhuman Experiments
Title: Chopper Enraged
Title: The Master's Inhuman Experiments
Title: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Toriko
Toriko
Super Collaboration Special!!\NPresented by Anime-Destiny
