Caption: Royal Palace B-1
Caption: Dress Rosa, This Morning
Scarlett: I'll go get us something to eat.
Thunder Soldier: I'm sorry,
Thunder Soldier: I couldn't protect your mother.
Citizen: Doflamingo-sama is stepping down as a Warlord?
Citizen: I don't believe it.
Citizen: Is he going to abdicate, as well?
Prisoner: He's just a pirate now!
Prisoner: Now he'll be hunted by the Navy!
Prisoner: We're gonna be free!
Prisoner: We'll finally be free.
Gnomes: Captain, did you see the newspaper?
Inhel: Now our comrades will come back, right?
Leo: We won't have to fight Doflamingo.
Leo: What a relief!
Thunder Soldier: No, it was a false report.
Thunder Soldier: No one is coming back.
Leo: No way!
Citizen: I'm so glad it was a mistake!
Citizen: There's no way someone as great as him would just leave the throne.
Citizen: Doflamingo-sama!
Rebecca: I'm gonna enter today's tournament and get the Mera Mera Fruit.
Rebecca: And then I'm gonna kill Doflamingo!
Thunder Soldier: Rebecca, keep calm.
Thunder Soldier: I understand your anger.
Thunder Soldier: I feel the same way...
Thunder Soldier: but don't do anything rash.
Thunder Soldier: We will be the ones to fight.
Thunder Soldier: Everything's prepared.
Rebecca: No, I won't wait.
Rebecca: We've been plunged from heaven to hell.
Rebecca: Everyone's at their limits.
Rebecca: Their wills have been broken!
Prisoner: Can we merely await the day of our execution?
Rebecca: If you win a thousand matches you can be set free?
Rebecca: That isn't even hope.
Rebecca: It's a wall of despair.
Rebecca: The legendary gladiator with three thousand wins, Kyros?
Rebecca: Everyone knows that statue is a lie.
Rebecca: Kyros is some ideal warrior the dying prisoners dreamt up.
Rebecca: A statue full of wishes that they \Ncan succeed and get out of here.
Rebecca: Rather than putting my hopes in a stupid dream,
Rebecca: I'll take a chance on today's tournament.
Thunder Soldier: As if there's a chance!
Thunder Soldier: You can't possibly win.
Thunder Soldier: You'll just be throwing your life away!  I refuse to let you enter!
Thunder Soldier: You're so hot-headed!
Thunder Soldier: You're only sixteen!
Thunder Soldier: Do you think yourself an adult, Rebecca?!
Thunder Soldier: You're still a child!
Thunder Soldier: Listen to what I say!
Rebecca: Quit talking like you're my father!
Rebecca: You're the one getting heated up.
Rebecca: What plan?!
Rebecca: There's no way you can beat Doflamingo!
Rebecca: You're just a one-legged toy!
Thunder Soldier: Indeed...
Thunder Soldier: You're right.
Rebecca: No, wait!
Thunder Soldier: I may have said too much.
Thunder Soldier: But please, don't enter.
Rebecca: I didn't mean it.
Rebecca: Soldier-san, wait!
Rebecca: Wait! Soldier-san!
Rebecca: I was afraid that you'd die, and I got scared!
Rebecca: I'm sorry!
Rebecca: Wait, Soldier-san!
Rebecca: Soldier-san!
