Location: Research Institute, Building B, 3rd Floor
Location: Biscuits Room
Location: Building D - SAD Manufacturing Room
Location: Building B, G-5 Group
Location: Building R, 2nd Floor - The Secret Room
Location: Building C - Garbage Dump
Random scientist: Stop it, Caesar!
Random scientist: Stop the experiment right now!
Random scientist: If you lost control of that weapon,
Random scientist: just what do you think would happen to all the people on this island?
Caesar: Silence, you brainless fools!
Caesar: Where do you think we are?!
Caesar: It's the Navy's research facility.
Caesar: They want us to create a weapon\Nthat could kill many pirates at once.
Random scientist 2: They don't want a weapon\Nthat would kill innocent civilians as well!
Caesar: You idiot.
Caesar: That's what we call acceptable losses.
Caesar: It's their own fault for being in the line of fire.
Caesar: If we destroy everything,\Nthe world will truly be at peace.
Random scientist 3: You are so...
Caesar: Cruel?
Caesar: Now, isn't that funny!
Caesar: How is this any different from you experimenting on the prisoners here, like they were garbage?
Caesar: The current Fleet Admiral Sengoku is naive,
Caesar: but Admiral Akainu should see the value of my weapon.
Caesar: Now if you understand, get out of here.
Caesar: You're in the way!
Caesar: Vegapunk is just jealous of my genius.
Caesar: I heard that he failed at gigantification again.
Caesar: This is science, not magic!\NHumans aren't going to grow into giants without effort!
Caesar: I told him to kidnap a bunch of growing kids\Nand shove different drugs down their throats.
Random scientist 1: Caesar!
Caesar: That's it, keep going.
Caesar: Wh-
Caesar: What are you doing?!
Random Marine: Stay quiet and come with us.
Casesar: Who do you think you're talking to?!
Caesar: The weapon that you guys have been waiting for\Nis almost complete.
Caesar: Vegapunk, what is the meaning of this?!
Vegapunk: You have been expelled from the science division.
Vegapunk: Your research is far too dangerous.
Vegapunk: I can no longer overlook it.
Caesar: Don't you screw with me!
Random marine: Stop it, Caesar!
Ceaser: Those fools.
Caesar: Vegapunk, The Navy,\NThe Straw Hats, and everyone here...
Caesar: They're all fools who can never hope to equal my level of intelligence.
