Franky: Hey, Luffy.
Franky: The Sunny hasn't showed its full potential yet!
Franky: The only captain who can make\Nthe Sunny into my dream ship...
Franky: is you.
Sanji: Luffy, the next time we meet...
Sanji: I will...
Sanji: support you as the greatest cook in the world, so that you may become the Pirate King.
Brook: Luffy-san has made his decision.
Brook: In which case, I must also do something.
Brook: You were not the least bit scared when you saw me,
Brook: and what's more, you invited me to join your crew.
Luffy: Anyway, you!
Luffy: Join my crew!
Brook: Oh?  Very well.
Brook: It had been fifty years.
Brook: Could you imagine my joy, after drifting around on the dark ocean for so long?
Brook: A certain man stole my shadow.
Luffy: What're you talking about?!\NIf you need a shadow, I'll get it back for you!
Brook: I am glad to be alive!
Luffy: I'm sure you are.
Brook: May I join your crew?
Luffy: Sure, fine by me.
Usopp & Sanji: He joined...
Chopper & Franky: Just like that?!
Brook: Do you realize how brilliantly you were shining to me?
Brook: Fifty years of praying for a miracle, answered at last.
Brook: I may be of more use to Luffy-san.
Brook: On second thought,\Nperhaps I should consider another method?
Saul: Go meet your true friends!  I'm sure they're waiting\Nout on the sea somewhere, Robin!
Dudey McMan: Seventy-nine million Beli?
Dudey McMan: An eight-year-old with a bounty that high?!
Dudey McMan: She's apparently a survivor from the demons of Ohara,\Nwho were plotting to destroy the world.
Dudey McMan: From Ohara?!
Dudey McMan: And I have no idea how it happened, but she's supposed to have sunk six Navy warships as well.
Dudey McMan: So that's why she got this insane bounty?
Dudey McMan: She is the child of demons,\Nand she mustn't be allowed to live!
Luffy: Alright, you just wait right there!
Robin: Why are you trying to save me?!\NWhen did I ever ask you to do that?!
Robin: I just want to die!
Luffy: I know exactly who Robin's enemy is.
Luffy: Shoot down that flag.
Robin: Impossible!
Spandam: Are you guys out of your minds?!
Spandam: Don't think you'll be able to survive with the entire world as your enemy!
Luffy: Fine by me!
Luffy: Robin!
Luffy: I still haven't heard it from your mouth!
Luffy: Say that you want to live!
Robin: If I really am allowed to express my true desires, then...
Robin: I...
Robin: I wanna live!
Robin: Please let me go out to sea with you!
Robin: Luffy.
Robin: If I go to your father,\Nand let the tides of the world direct me,
Robin: I wonder if I can become a little stronger?
Robin: Wanting to become stronger for the sake of someone else.
Robin: I'd never considered it before.
Zoro: What're you talking about?  Get onboard, already.
Luffy: We're friends, aren't we?
Usopp: Luffy!
Luffy: U-Usopp...
Luffy: Y-You...
Luffy: were here too?
Usopp: Win!  And then we'll all go back together, Luffy!
Luffy: Of course we will!
Luffy: We've finally made it this far!
Luffy: When we've crossed the other half of the world, and see this wall again...
Luffy: When that happens...
Luffy: I'll be the Pirate King!
Usopp: Wait for me, Luffy!
Usopp: In order to help you become the Pirate King,
Usopp: I will become a true King of Snipers!
Mihawk: He beat them?
Mihawk: What an awkward man.
Mihawk: When someone like him discards his pride, it must be for the sake of another.
Zoro: You...
Luffy: That won't work!
Zoro: Y-You... Just who are you?
Luffy: I'm Monkey D. Luffy.
Luffy: The man who will become the Pirate King!
Zoro: Until the day I beat him and become the greatest swordsman...
Zoro: I swear I will not lose, ever again!
Zoro: You got a problem with that...
Zoro: Pirate King?!
Luffy: Nope.
