Note: Fumi-e: an icon that's desecrated to show non-allegiance
Roger: All my wealth and treasure?
Roger: It can be yours if you want!
Roger: Search for it!
Roger: I left everything in that one place.
Robin: There should be some sort of clue\Nto the void century here.
Robin: Remnants from several hundred years of history lie sleeping here in this quiet place.
Robin: I'm sure it's just ahead.
Robin: There it is!
Hyouzou: Hey!
Mermaid: You...
Yosaku: In exchange for a place among the Seven Warlords of the Sea...
Yosaku: Jinbe unleashed a terrible guy upon East Blue.
Nami: I'm going to travel across the oceans of the world,\Nusing my own navigational skills!
Nami: And then I'll draw a map of the entire world,\Nbased on the things I've seen!
Bellemere: Then this map you drew of the island is the first step toward your dream?
Nami: Yeah!
Bellemere: I am your adopted mother, after all.
Bellemere: You two are my precious family.
Man: Pirates!  Pirates are coming!
Arlong: Greetings... you disgusting, pitiful humans.
Arlong: From now on, this village...
Arlong: No, this entire island, belongs to me!
Arlong: One hundred thousand beli for each adult.
Arlong: Fifty thousand beli for every child.
Arlong: We will kill anyone who doesn't pay this tax!
Bellemere: I... can't say that I don't have a family.
Bellemere: Even if it means I have to die.
Bellemere: True, we're not related by blood...
Bellemere: but we're still family.
Bellemere: I want to be considered their mother, even if it's in name only.
Bellemere: They are my children.
Arlong: Die for your ridiculous love.
Bellemere: Nojiko!  Nami!
Bellemere: I love you.
Hachi: What's this?  A map?
Nami: Don't!
Nami: I drew that map!  It's my treasure!
Nami: Give it back!
Arlong: You drew this?
Nami: Give it back!
Nojiko: Don't, Nami!
Arlong: Very impressive.
Arlong: She will be useful.  Bring her along.
Hachi: Right.
Nami: No!  Let go!  Let go of me!
Nami: No!  Don't!
Fishman: Why should I have to feed a human?
Fishman: Just shut up and keep drawing maps!
Arlong: Gather up one hundred million beli,\Nand bring it here to me.
Arlong: If you can do that,\NI will release your village and set you free.
Pirate: Thief!  She stole our treasure!
Pirate: It's just a kid!
Pirate: I don't care!  Kill her!
Pirate: Damn it!  Chase her down!
Nami: Seventy million more.
Nami: If I can get seventy million more beli, I can...
Arlong: Oh, I'm impressed that you came back.
Arlong: Heh, not like you had any other choice.
Arlong: Welcome back, my cartographer.
