Roger: All my wealth and treasure?
Roger: It can be yours if you want!
Roger: Search for it!
Roger: I left everything in that one place.
Jinbe: Alone day after day,\Nprotecting that seed with your life.
Jinbe: But now, we'd like your permission to help protect that seed.
Usopp: What are they?  What kind of new weapons?
Chopper: Do I get to try them?
Zoro: I'm begging you!
Zoro: Please, train me in the ways of the sword!
Zoro: His skills are copied from Hawk-Eye?!
Zoro: And these small-fry are backing him up too!\NI don't have time for them!
Zoro: At this rate, it'll just end up like last time.
Zoro: I'm... I'm supposed to get stronger, aren't I?!
Zoro: I can never lose again!
Sanji: Thinking back on it, I almost feel nostalgic...
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Sanji: I ran.
Caroline: Wait, Sanji-chan!
Sanji: Like hell I will, you ass!
Caroline: But I brought my favorite dress for you!
Oh god no: Come here!
Oh god no: You don't have to be shy!
Sanji: I'm telling you, I'll never wear that thing!
Sanji: And who's shy?!
Sanji: On rainy days...
Sanji: On snowy days...
Sanji: Even on days of lightning...
Sanji: I ran, and ran.
Caroline: You silly thing...
Caroline: Did you think we'd never catch up to you?
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Sanji: Can I really let these guys get the better of me?
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Sanji: Damn it to hell!
Luffy: Stop it, Sanji!
Sanji: Have I already forgotten what happened on Sabaody?!
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Sanji: Stealing the vital recipes from the grandmasters of Newkama Kenpo...
Sanji: That is what I must do!
Sanji: You guys...
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Caroline: You let your guard down, Candy Boy!
Sanji: What?!
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Caroline: You are already trapped within the Newkama Barricade!
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun-kyun!
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun-kyun-kyun!
Sanji: Until one day, when I was finally cornered...
Sanji: I ran...
Sanji: And ran...
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Sanji: I...
Sanji: was running...
Sanji: across the sky!
