Let's pile up all the dreams,
And go find the thing we're looking for... One Piece!
Compasses and the like will only slow us down
Delirious with fever, let's take the helm
Even an old treasure map covered in dust...
Isn't a legend if it's been proved real!
For our own storms, all we have to do is
Ride someone else's biorythm...
And pretend that it isn't there!
Let's pile up all the dreams,
And go find the thing we're looking for...
A pocket of coins, and
We are!
Let's break the tight-fisted night!
We have no interest in treasure chests
A pocket of romance, and
We are!
Let's pile up all the dreams,
And go find the thing we're looking for...
A pocket of coins, and
We are!
We are!
We are!
Gold Roger: My treasure?
Gold Roger: If you want it, I'll give it to you!
Gold Roger: Find it!
Gold Roger: I left everything in that place.
Luffy: We've arrived at Sabaody Park!
Crew: Yay!
Chopper: Caimie has been kidnapped!
Sanji: What did you say?!
Sanji: Damn, they're late!
Duval: Young masters!
Sanji: They've come, huh?
Duval: Yahoo! It's me, Handsome!
Duval: No, that's wrong!
Duval: It's Duval!
Riders: It's Duval!~
Duval: Greetings, Master Black Leg!
Sanji: You're late, Flying Fish Riders!
Duval: Wait a minute, young master...
Duval: We are the Rosy Life Riders!
Sanji: I don't care what you call yourselves! You're annoying!
Sanji: Anyway, a mermaid was kidnapped. That's why we contacted you.
Duval: Huh? So the slave-traders showed up, huh?
Riders: Those guys are unbelievable!
Usopp: Hey, weren't YOU slave-traders too?!
Franky: There are so many places they could have gone to, so...
Franky: You guys! Give us a hand!
Duval: Why, of course! Thank you for your orders!
Riders: Thank you very much!
Usopp: Will we really be alright with these guys?
Duval: But first, the Handsome me just went to a city where I could find some women.
Crew: Huh?
Rider: Head! Head! I see some women over there!
Duval: Right, let's give it a try!
Woman 1: How was it?
Woman 2: It was the best!
Duval: Hey, women over there!
Duval: Good day to you! It's me, Handsome!
Duval: You two... Let's drive out to sea on my Motobaro!
Sanji: So...?
Duval: As I expected, I...
Duval: couldn't get any...
Sanji: I might have restructured your face, but I can't restructure your heart, you know.
Duval: But don't mind that! I got it, young masters!
Duval: We just have to find that mermaid before she's sold, right?
Sanji: That's right. You guys should know a thing or two about the Sabaody Archipelago, right?
Duval: Of course!
Duval: We know the seas around here like our own backyard!
Duval: Just think of it as having gotten on a really big ship!
Rider: Now, get on!
Usopp: So we are going on this flying fish?
Rider: Yes, friend!
Franky: I'm counting on you!
Rider: Gotcha!
Sanji: So, how are we gonna look for them?
Duval: Young master, people in this business have their own way of doing things.
Duval: We already have information on the various slave-trader teams.
Duval: First of, we'll pick up the Straw Hats who are spread all over the Sabaody Archipelago!
Duval: And at the same time, we'll also track down the slave-traders who took that mermaid!
Duval: Let's get going, you guys!
Riders: YEAH!!!
Sanji: Ok! We're coming to save you right now, Caimie-chan!
Sanji: Hey, Duval! Let's go faster!
Duval: Young master, this is as fast as Motobaro can go!
Sanji: Alright! Well then, we'll go as fast as we can...
Sanji: What?! This is his top-speed?!
Duval: Here we go!
Chopper: Is this really okay?
Chopper: Sanji, what do I do?
Sanji: Listen, Chopper! No matter what, don't move!
Sanji: We'll come get you no matter what!
Chopper: Got it...
Chopper: Hey, Luffy! Sanji said we should stay where we...
Chopper: In times like this, it's dangerous for us to get separated, right...
Chopper: Brook?
Chopper: You're too relaxed! I was really shocked!
Chopper: Caimie was kidnapped, you know!
Chopper: If she gets sold, she'll end up being a slave for the rest of her life!
Brook: Chopper-san, ...
Brook: Sanji-san was very specific as to what we should do next.
Brook: No matter how we spend it, we will still be waiting for a certain amount of time.
Chopper: I see.
Brook: Frantically rushing about won't gain us anything.
Brook: If we have to wait anyway, should we not relax while waiting?
Chopper: Really?
Rider: Head, we've arrived at Sabaody Park!
Duval: Pick up each one of the Straw Hats, one by one!
Rider: Yeah!
Rider: The #5 public snail-phone should be somewhere around here.
Usopp: Yeah, it's here! There they are! Those two on that bench!
Usopp: Hey, you two!
Usopp: What the...?!
Usopp: WHY ARE YOU SO FREAKING RELAXED?!
Brook: Ah, Usopp-san has come to pick us up...
Chopper: Luffy and the others went off somewhere,
Chopper: but we've been waiting right here like we were supposed to,
Chopper: peacefully.
Usopp: Let's go! We're initiating our great plan to save Caimie!
Brook: Yes! It's time to give it our best! Let's go!
Chopper: We... we got yelled at, Brook!
Brook: Ashamed! I am slightly ashamed!
Duval: Split up and keep going! Investigate all of the slave-trading organizations.
Duval: Find out who did it! And don't forget to pick up the remaining Straw Hats!
Rider: Understood! We're splitting up!
Duval: Alright! Hurry up, Rosy-Life Riders!
Duval: There's not a minute to lose!
Duval: That should do it.
Sanji: That's not enough! Can't you do anything about this cow?!
Sanji: I should have gone on a flying fish too!
Duval: Huh? Did you just say that I'm handsome?
Sanji: I never said that! You're the damn Head, aren't you, Duval?!
Sanji: Why aren't you the fastest one in the team?!
Duval: What are you saying?
Duval: Of course I'm the most handsome one in the team!
Sanji: Just speed this thing up, you moron!
Duval: Alright, we're here!
Zoro: Hey, is there a doctor around?
Doctor: Hey, you! This is the general hospital!
Doctor: What's with that guy?
Zoro: He's a patient!
Doctor: This is awful... Let's see, there's no ring on his neck.
Zoro: Does it matter whether he's got a ring on his neck or not?
Doctor: Yes, if he's a slave, then he probably won't be able to work any more, so it would be faster to just get a new one...
Zoro: He's just an injured man. Are you gonna treat him or not?!
Doctor: Ok then! I'll see what I can do! Please carry him in here!
Zoro: This is one messed up island...
Zoro: Guess I'll return to the ship.
Zoro: Grove 1, wasn't it?
Slave-trader: A mermaid?! Hey, bro, if you're just gonna joke around, then please leave!
Luffy: A friend of mine was captured! Pops, are you sure that nobody's come in here to sell a mermaid?
Hachi: Any information will do! If you know anything at all, please tell us!
Slave-trader: No idea. Anyway, it would be safer for you guys not to dig too deep into matters like that...
Luffy: ARE YOU SURE NOBODY TRIED TO SELL A MERMAID HERE?!
Slave-trader: I'm sure! Nobody has been here!
Hachi: Stop it, Straw Hat! If you cause a commotion, it'll just make it harder to look!
Slave-trader: If you wanna take a look around the store, then I don't mind...
Luffy: Squid! Let's search the store!
Luffy: All these guys were captured, huh?
Hachi: Caimie...
Slave-trader: Hey!
Luffy: How'd it go, squid, Pappagg?
Hachi: She's not here.
Pappagg: Caimie!
Luffy: Hey, pops. Aren't there any others?
Slave-trader: We don't have a storehouse, so the ones we have here are all we have.
Hachi: Guess there's no helping it... Let's look somewhere else, Straw Hat.
Slave-trader: Well, wait a minute. It seems that we have one mermaid here after all.
Luffy: Really, there's a mermaid here?!
Slave-trader: The only mermaid we have here is this lady here, Marin!
Slave-trader: She's nice and cheap too. Want her?
"Marin": Will you buy me, boy?
Luffy; Pappagg & Hachi: You're not a mermaid!
Pappagg: Wait, aren't you that guy we saw earlier?!
"Marin": It's hard to breathe in water!
Luffy: Hey!
Pappagg: Caimie!
Luffy: Caimie!
Pappagg: Where are you?!
Pirate 1: Hey, look at that!
Pirate 2: That's Straw Hat Luffy from East Blue!
Pirate 3: That's him, huh?
Hachi: We don't know if she's been sold yet... If only we knew who took her, at least...
Luffy: Hey, there's no need to be so depressed. We'll find Caimie!
Pappagg: Damn it! This is my fault!
Pappagg: I knew that the amusement park is the best spot for the slave-traders...
Pappagg: and how much they'd want to capture a mermaid...!
Luffy: Hey, these guys have so many types of ice-cream, huh? What do you guys want?
Pappagg: Hey, let me pick one too!
Pappagg: Caimie, wait here for a minute.
Caimie: Sure! Pick out a tasty one for me too.
Pappagg: I don't want that to be my last conversation with Caimie!
Pappagg: It's my fault... It's because I let her go to the amusement park...!
Caimie: Yes, because...
Caimie: this has been my dream since I was a child...
Caimie: This is the first time I've been to a place as high as this!
Caimie: I'll remember it for the rest of my life! Thank you!
Luffy: I'm not sure I understand, but she was so happy!
Luffy: It was fine to bring her to the amusement park, wasn't it?!
Pappagg: No, it wasn't!
Pappagg: Actually, mermen and fishmen shouldn't even be on this island in the first place.
Pappagg: But...
Pappagg: ...Hachi just wanted to help you guys out no matter what-
Hachi: Pappagg! Don't say any more!
Luffy: What's he talking about? Why can't you guys be on this island?
Hachi: Well, you see...
Pappagg: Caimie and Hachi's enemies here aren't just the slave-traders.
Pappagg: Every single human living on this archipelago is an enemy!
Nami: 200 years ago?
Robin: Yes. Until just 200 years ago, that dark history was reality...
Robin: Fishmen and mermen were considered normal fish,
Robin: and were discriminated by humans all over the world.
Robin: Everyone looked down upon them.
Nami: Those strong fishmen?
Robin: Even the strongest creatures are powerless when outnumbered.
Robin: This continued until the World Government decided to lend a helping hand to Fishman Island 200 years ago.
Robin: That's just another piece of the dark history of the human race.
Robin: On this archipelago, slave-trading and selling of human lives is still acceptable.
Robin: So I think, maybe the discrimination of mermen and fishmen is still common here, too.
Luffy: Discrimination?
Pappagg: I'm the fool here for not remembering that this is one island to avoid...
Pappagg: That's why I should have stopped Caimie, no matter how cruel I'd have to be...
Nami: Then, could that be the reason why Hachi and Caimie had to disguise themselves on this island?
Robin: I hope I'm just reading too much into things, though.
Franky: Bratty girl! Robin!
Robin: Franky!
Nami: Hey, stop calling me "bratty girl"!
Franky: Hurry up and get on the flying fish! That mermaid was kidnapped!
Robin: Caimie-chan?!
Nami: Kidnapped?!
Pappagg: Caimie...!
Hachi: Sorry, Straw Hat... I just wanted to help, but I ended up causing you trouble...
Luffy: What're you guys saying?
Luffy: I never thought you did anything wrong!
Luffy: The three of you are my friends!
Luffy: No matter what might happen, we'll definitely save Caimie!
Luffy: So stop crying!
Pappagg: Straw...
Pappagg: You...!
Riders: Straw Hat!
Hachi: It's the Flying Fish Riders!
Rider: We've been looking for ya... Get on!
Luffy: Hey, squid... Are you gonna fly too?
Hachi: Yeah!
Luffy: Pappagg!
Luffy: Squid!
Hachi: I'm ok!
Luffy: Pappagg!
Luffy: We're gonna save Caimie!
Pappagg: Straw Hat...
Caption: Sabaody Archipelago - Grove 1
Caption: Human Auction House
Slave-trader: Hey, Peterman! You gonna make your contribution now?
Peterman: Do I still have time to make an entry?
Slave-trader: The big draw today is a giant...
Slave-trader: Unless you've got something really special there, it won't catch much of a price.
Peterman: Well, have a look.
Slave-trader: Is that...!
Slave-trader: A mermaid?! Where'd you catch her?!
Peterman: That's a secret.
Slave-trader: She'll be today's big draw!
Peterman: Be sure to get a good price for her!
Slave-trader: She'll definitely catch a high price! Come back for your share later!
Peterman: I'll look forward to it!
Man: Oh, my! Saint Rosward! Lady Sharlia! Welcome!
Man: I'm afraid that it will be hard for everyone to get on their knees while talking inside the hall...
Rosward: I do not mind. They may bid freely.
Man: Thank you very much! Well then, let me take you to the VIP seats.
Sharlia: Big Brother Charlos is so late...
Rosward: It is because he chose to ride on a lowly human.
Rosward: If he was going to ride, he should have used a fishman.
Rosward: They have 10 times the strength of a man, after all.
Kid: Celestial Dragons... Slaves... The Human Shop...
Man: That's...
Man 2: Captain Kid, from South Blue!
Kid: Compared to the "righteous" greed of the rulers,
Kid: the villains of the world seem much more honorable.
Kid: When scum rules the world, only more scum is born...
Kid: You don't even understand that?
Kid: At least we're honest about being bad people, right Killer?
Killer: You're right.
Kid: How about we buy anyone who seems interesting?
Pirate: Chief Kid, look at that.
Kid: I know that face...
Pirate: It's the 200-million man from North Blue, Trafalgar Law.
Pirate: I heard some bad rumors about him.
Kid: His manners are bad, too.
Slave-trader: Disco-san!
Slave-trader: We've got something incredible today!
Disco: Today's big draw is a giant, right? I already know.
Disco: Leave it to me. I'll be sure to get a good price for him.
Disco: Are the cherry blossoms prepared yet?
Slave-trader: Wrong! It's a mermaid! A young mermaid!
Slave-trader: I'm sure the bidding war will be fierce!
Disco: Really?
Caimie: Let me go! That hurts!
Caimie: I said let go of my hands!
Caimie: No!
Slave-traders: Hey, stop fighting! We can't tell how big your neck ring needs to be!
Pirate: Damn! This ring...!
Pirate: If I could just get this off...!
Pirate: DAMN IT!
Caimie: NO! HACCHIN!
Slave-traders: Why, this one...! If you don't want to get hurt, then stay still!
Disco: Hey, don't be so rough with such an important item!
Slave-trader: Disco-san!
Disco: Oh, so this is the one? The mermaid that just came in...
Slave-trader: Yes.
Disco: How rare! She seems lively and healthy!
Disco: We should fetch quite the price for this one!
Disco: Who brought her here?
Slave-trader: The Hound Pets.
Disco: Peterman, huh? He's done a great job.
Disco: Doesn't seem like the Flying Fish Riders brought in anything this time, though.
Disco: Well, regardless, this one should bring in a lot of money.
Disco: What's with that face?!
Disco: Why you...!
Disco: You're just a damn fish! Know your place!
Slave-trader: Wait, Disco-san! She's an important item! If you hurt her, her value will drop!
Slave-trader: If you have to kick her then at least,
Slave-trader: do it somewhere where her clothes will cover it, like her stomach!
Caimie: Hacchin will definitely come and beat you up!
Disco: She still has the nerve to talk back to me...
Disco: Hey! Give me the neck ring!
Slaver: Yes...
Disco: I'll put this on her.
Disco: Make sure to hold her down!
Caimie: No!
Slave-trader: Disco-san!
Slave-trader: Hey, what happened, Disco-san?!
Slave-trader: The show is just about to start, too!
Slave-trader: Doctor! Get a doctor!
Prisoner: Hey, gramps!
Prisoner: Quit pretending.
Prisoner: That was you, right?
Prisoner: That "Willpower" just now.
Prisoner: Who the hell are you?
Rayleigh: Just an old man who coats ships.
Caption: Former first mate of the Roger Pirates
Rayleigh: I simply,
Rayleigh: love,
Caption: "The right hand of the Pirate King" - Silvers Rayleigh
Rayleigh: young girls.
Sanji: I told you, we're not gonna let Caimie-chan be sold!
Sanji: Damn bastard... Think I'll let this trade happen?!
Nami: That's enough. Let's go, Sanji-kun!
Sanji: Nami-san!
Nami: If they won't listen, then we'll follow their rules to get Caimie back!
Luffy: Time Limit
Luffy: The Curtain Rises on the Human Auction
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
