Laboratory - Far Side of the Mountain
Present Time
One year later
Former Vegapunk Laboratory 3
Ruins of Former Vegapunk Laboratories 1 & 2
Brook: Hey!  Samurai-san!  Where are you?
Zoro: If only we could find his sandal prints.
Sanji: They're heavy!
Sanji: Running makes my chest feel so heavy!
Zoro: Don't you want to save the samurai?!
Sanji: Nope!
Brook: What a romantic scene.
Zoro: I don't care what happens to you!
Sanji: Hey, don't you dare hurt Nami's beautiful body!
Brook: Hey, both of you!  Please come look at this!
Brook: Footprints!
Zoro: Sandal footprints?
Brook: No, that's not it.
Sanji: Centaur hoofprints, then?
Brook: No!
Brook: Th-This is...
Brook: You don't suppose these could be\Nthe footprints of the legendary abominable snowman?!
Zoro+Sanji: Hey now, how can you say something so stupid?
Sanji: Wow, really?!\NMysterious footprints on a snow covered mountain?!
Brook: They're huge, aren't they?!  I can't believe it!
Brook: And they're fresh!
Brook: If we follow them, then...
Group: we'll solve a mystery of the unknown!
Sanji: A dead end?
Brook: What are they?  There are giant shadows behind us!
Sanji: Could it be the abominable-
Zoro: What's this gas?!
Sanji: It'th like I'm drunk or somethin...\NThuddenly my tung feelth all heabby... An' I'b sleepy...
Brook: C-C-Could dis be an ambuth?
Rock: No matter how good your alcohol tolerance, if you breath KYP gas...
Rock: you will experience a drunken state\Nand overwhelming drowsiness.
Scotch: And at the bottom of the cliff is zone F-16.
Scotch: You will not be able to escape the ice spikes!
Rock: So these three fall first.
Zoro: Spikes?!
Zoro: Hey, guys!
Zoro: T-That was close.
Rock: The corpses should be\Nat the bottom of a cliff in zone F-16.
Rock: I'll leave the disposal to you.
Gasmask: This is zone F-16.  We found the three Straw Hat\Npirates exactly where they were reported to be.
Gasmask: We'll dispose of the corpses now.
Sanji: Who're you calling a corpse?
Gasmask: What?!  She's alive!
Gas2: But it's only one woman against all of us-
Sanji: I don't care how many\Nof you third-rate weaklings there are.
Sanji: It's all the same to me!
Sanji: I gotta be careful.
Sanji: After all, this is the body of the delicate Nami-san.
Sanji: It'd be a crime to leave any scars on it.
Sanji: Forgive me, Nami-san.  Just one cig.
Sanji: Now then.
Sanji: Get up, you idiots!
Announcer: Luffy fights with the Navy unit G-5, led by Smoker.
Announcer: After an intense fight, they break into the laboratory.
Announcer: But no sooner do they open the door\Nthan Caesar's weapon of death, Smiley, rains down.
Announcer: This throws everyone into fear and chaos.
