Gold Roger: My treasure?
Gold Roger: If you want it, I'll give it to you!
Gold Roger: Find it!
Gold Roger: I left everything in that place.
Pappagg: Here we are!
Pappagg: This is the Sabaody Archipelago!
Man: Damn! If I could just get this off my neck...
World Noble man: Your disciplining skills are truly terrible.
World Noble lady: You disgust me!
Luffy: Why, that-!
Hachi: Please, wait!
Hachi: Please don't do anything rash!
Chopper: That pirate should have been able to beat an old man and a woman, right?
Chopper: So why?!
Pappagg: If you hurt one of the Celestial Dragons...
Pappagg: an admiral from the Navy HQ and a fleet of battle ships will come here.
Pappagg: Those guys are the descendants of the creators!
Chopper: The creators?
Pappagg: 800 years ago, a group of 20 kings formed the organization known as the World Government.
Pappagg: The Celestial Dragons are their descendants.
Bounty-hunter: Straw Hat Luffy... He's worth 300 million beli!
Bounty-hunter: What's with this damn skeleton?!
Bounty-hunter: I'll exorcise you...?!
Bounty-hunter 2: Why you...!
Bounty-hunter: Wait!
Bounty-hunters: He's as fast as a monkey! Be careful!
Bounty-hunter: Damn! How can all of them be so strong?!
Bounty-hunter: In that case...
Bounty-hunter: I'll take that woman as a hostage!
Hachi: Oh, damn it! Caimie! Pappagg!
Bounty-hunter: Now, come here!
Alright!
You ok?
Sorry for the trouble, Straw Hat.
Thank you, Luffy-chin!
It's fine! So you knocked out those guys too, huh?
Yes!
You people truly are amazing.
No matter how many of'em show up, I wouldn't lose to someone like that!
Damn...! He's too strong...!
300 million is impossible after all.
Right now, there are more big shots on the archipelago than ever before, too...
Damn! If we could just get one of them...
No, wait...
That woman is probably...
I just got a great idea!
But, what was that?
So many bounty-hunters suddenly showed up...
That was the third group to attack us.
I can't even see that food-sampling...
...I mean, souvenir-shop any more...
There are fewer people around, and the shops and cities,
feel rather suspicious.
It doesn't seem like the kind of place where we would find a coating mechanic.
This archipelago is huge, so there are places where the government's eyes can't reach.
The marines won't go anywhere near this place.
Have a look at this.
A map, is it?
It classifies the groves in groups of ten, based on their specific traits.
Nothing is set in stone, but for the most part, it's accurate.
For example, the places we've been to so far...
The groves in the 40's, where your ship is docked,
is the tourist area, where there are lots of souvenir-shops and things like that.
And if you continue to the 30's...
you'll reach the amusement-area, where the Sabaody Park is located.
Then, the 60's are the Navy's headquarters, and the main entrance, correct?
Yeah. The 60's are the one part of this place we shouldn't go to.
Then, what's this area here?
This? This is Grove 16. Groves 1 to 29 are more or less a lawless zone.
That's why there are so many bounty-hunters around.
Couldn't you have said that sooner?!
If you had, you could have taken Sanji or Zoro instead of me!
It's fine now. Our destination, Grove 13, is next.
Chopper-chin, Skeleton-chin, you were both really strong and cool!
That doesn't make me happy at all, you jerk!~
I am quite embarrassed, so much that my entire face is red...
Though being a skeleton, I have no...
Well then, we're here!
We finally made it here!
It seems that the store is on the top of that root.
Wonder if it's still open. It's been 10 years after all.
Say, is the coating mechanic a fishman, too?
Oh, Pappagg and I haven't met him before.
We've heard that he's quite amazing, though.
Oh, really?
Well, I guess we'll know once we meet him.
Shakki's Rip-off Bar?!
Hachi... This place seems like a total rip-off...
That mechanic isn't some sort of monster, is he?
It's fine! They're nice people. I've known them since I was a kid.
Hey, it says "Bar"! Is that really okay?
Seems they're open.
Rayleigh, Shakki!
Welcome. What can I do for you?
Oh, my... Could it be, Hacchan?
Long time, no see!
Sorry it's been so long, Shakki.
That's right. It's been at least ten years, hasn't it?
Just sit down and wait. I've gotta finish extorting the money out of these boys here.
Take your time.
I'll finish it quickly.
Is that so? You quit being a pirate, Hacchan?
Plenty of things happened...
Well, good for you. Honesty is the best way to go, after all.
By the way, it's not often that you see a mermaid above the sea...
Caimie-chan, are you Hacchan's girlfriend?
N-N-No way, I... I couldn't become Hacchin's b-b-b-bride!
You're overreacting.
She works with me at the Takoyaki stand.
Oh, is that it?
That's right... Would you like something to drink...?
Shakki-san, these beans are quite tasty.
He's already raided the fridge?!
Luffy! Brook! She's gonna rip you off!
It's ok, I don't mind.
Well, then, I'll give you something good.
Here.
Cotton candy?!
It's great!
Right. It'll cost you 100,000 beli.
I... I...
don't have that much...
Sorry! It was a joke!
I won't ask for payment from Hacchan's friends.
Really?
Lady, how'd you know what Chopper's favourite food was?
You're Monkey-chan's crew, right?
You know me?
Of course. You're the crew everyone talks about.
I'm pretty well-informed.
Really? Luffy-chin, you're famous?
Though, I didn't know you had a skeleton in your crew,
or that a living skeleton existed, for that matter.
Oh, I should have introduced myself sooner.
I am "Dead Bones" Brook. It is a pleasure to meet you.
The pleasure's all mine.
Oh? You've got some food stuck there...
Shakki-san!
What a nice person!
What color are your panties?
What're you asking her about?!
Well, I'm sure today's were...
AH, YOU CAN'T TELL HIM!!!
That is incredible! I can not stop my nosebleed!
...though I have no nose!
There, thank you for waiting.
Thanks!
I read an article about you guys.
About the Enies Lobby incident... How much of it is true?
Is it true that you picked a fight with the government?
Whatever, it's too much trouble to tell you.
Not gonna brag? What a big shot.
Come to think of it, your name is the same as that marine, Garp, right?
Yeah, he's my grandpa.
I thought so. I used to be chased around by him all the time.
Why?
Shakki used to be a pirate.
Really?
I gave up about forty years ago, though.
But then... How old are you, granny?
These days, I think it's fun supporting rookies like yourselves.
By the way, Shakki...
No need to say it. I know, all of it.
The reason why you and Caimie-chan came here,
was to help Monkey-chan and his crew get their ship coated, right?
That was good!
Here.
In other words, you've got a job for Rayleigh, right?
That's right.
But, he isn't here.
Huh? The mechanic isn't around?
We wanna go to Fishman Island!
Well, there's no way he'd leave this archipelago, so...
How about looking for him in the bars and gambling houses?
Then, we'll just wait until he comes back.
That's right. He'll be back eventually...
He's been gone for half a year, though.
Half a year?!
I'm sure he's found girlfriends, and thus found places to sleep,
so I am not exactly worried about his health.
I suppose it's just how ex-pirates are. Once they leave, they won't return for a long time.
The old mechanic guy was a pirate, too?!
That's right.
But this is quite a problem...
If he isn't here, I suppose we have no choice but to look for him.
Do you have any idea where we should start?
Let's see...
He's probably somewhere between Grove 1 and 29...
Grove 1 to 29, that means...
the lawless zone?!
He's quite notorious, so he can't lower his guard when there are marines around.
And then... if he's not there... he also likes going to the Sabaody Park.
The amusement park?!
Alright! We'll look there!
The amusement park!
Hey, Caimie!
Amusement park! Amusement park!
Anyway, wherever you go to look for him, be careful.
According to my information, now that you've arrived, there should be...
11 people on the Sabaody Archipelago with bounties exceeding 100 million beli.
11 people... exceeding 100 million beli?!
Amusement park! Amusement park!
Anyway, wherever you go to look for him, be careful.
According to my information, now that you've arrived, there should be...
11 people on the Sabaody Archipelago with bounties exceeding 100 million beli.
11 people... exceeding 100 million beli?!
Yes. Not counting Monkey-chan and Roronoa-chan, there are 9 others.
When you entered the Grand Line, there were seven paths you could take,
and you chose one of them, and have been following the Log on that path ever since, right?
Yeah.
Of course, there were also people who chose one of the other six routes...
and made it through all sorts of trouble to get here, just like yourselves.
No matter what route you take, each of them eventually leads to the Red Line...
and to get past that wall, everyone comes to this archipelago.
Understand?
Though it's pretty amazing that all of the world's rookies managed to show their faces here at the same time.
In particular, there's Kid, Luffy, Hawkins, Drake, and Law.
These names have been decorating the newspapers for some time now.
I don't read the news.
Knowledge is power. You should at least learn the names of your rivals.
Uh, Kid... Hawkins... and Drake, was it?
If we're going by bounty value,
you're number two among them.
There's someone on this island with a higher bounty than Luffy?!
What a crazy eating rate...
How can she fit all of it in that body?
Bring me more!
What a vulgar woman...
She's making me lose my apetite.
Silence her.
That's not a good idea, Father! This town is right next to the Navy HQ!
If we cause an uproar here...
Capone "Gang" Bege.
Bounty, 138 million beli.
Isn't the food here yet?!
Hurry and bring it here!
It seems they're cooking it as fast as they can, captain.
But, they won't make it in time, at this rate!
Get me more pizza!
"The Glutton" Jewelry Bonney.
Bounty, 140 million beli.
W-We'll bring you your food immediately.
P-Please forgive me!
Why, you...!
Stop it.
Why would I, captain?!
He got spaghetti on my clothes!
That was the fate of those clothes.
Please forgive us for startling you.
Today, is a bad day for new acquaintances.
"The Mage" Basil Hawkins.
Bounty, 249 million beli.
Who's that fool over there?
Oh, that's the "Roaring Tide", isn't it?
Boss!
What's that? A fight?!
If you wanna fight, why not wait until we've gotten past the wall?
Huh? Don't you know how strong we are?
"Roaring Tide" Scratchmen Apoo.
Bounty, 198 million beli.
Well then, stop staring at me.
Boss! Don't do it!
You're such a disgusting guy.
I don't mind finishing you off right now, you know?
Eustass "Captain" Kid.
Bounty, 315 million beli.
The mad monk's gone berserk!
We've got to hurry and get away from here!
If you want to cause a stir...
then do it in the New World!
"Red Flag" X-Drake.
Bounty, 222 million beli.
I see.
The former officer, Drake, huh?
"Mad Monk" Urouge.
Bounty, 108 million beli.
Your life was just spared, masked man.
"The Soldier of Slaughter" Killer.
Bounty, 162 million beli.
It was just getting good...
Yo, Drake. How many people have you killed?
"Surgeon of Death" Trafalgar Law.
Bounty, 200 million beli.
All of the pirate crews that entered the Grand Line,
have been reduced to an easily countable number.
The Grand Line is like a huge survival tournament.
Regardless of which path they traveled, the ones that survived this far are truly the elites.
Among them, there might be one,
who will become a huge leading figure for the next generation of pirates.
Regardless, even the New World won't remain un-fazed if so many big shot rookies enter at once.
Also, the reason why Captain Kid has a higher bounty than you...
is because his crew has badly injured civilians.
Not too cute, right?
Because of that, I'm whole-heartedly cheering for your crew, Monkey-chan.
Well, for now...
I think I'll just enjoy myself.
Oh, but if there are so many in town, I'm kinda worried...
about the old mechanic dude.
You don't have to worry about my people.
He's a hundred times stronger than you boys, after all.
A hundred...
times?
Right! We're gonna look for the old coating guy!
Yeah!
Oh! It's the Sabaody Park! Let's try looking here first!
Yeah! He might be hiding in the ferris wheel, after all!
Alright, let's have fun!
You're not gonna search at all, are you?!
The Target is Caimie!!
The Kidnappers' Evil Draws Near
I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
