Hannyabal: I-I'm the new guard, H-Hannyabal!
Warden: You've got a mean-looking face, just like I'd heard.
Hannyabal: Oh... That's just cruel!
Warden: It seems you're the only one I can trust to look after this guy...
Warden: Magellan.
Magellan: Understood.
Hannyabal: Damn that Magellan...
Hannyabal: Why'd he put me in charge of Level One?
Hannyabal: Not only that, but I'm in charge of inspecting the new inmates.
Guard: We're bringing the next one in now.
Hannyabal: Uh, sure!
Guard: The female pirate with a bounty of 50 million beli...
Guard: Miss Olive.
She's a notorious criminal, so be careful.
Hannyabal: She's my type!  She's the one !
Olive: You men are just...
Olive: too easy to fool.
Olive: Hey, I need to take off my clothes, right?
Olive: I'm embarrassed, so can you turn around?
Hannyabal: S-Sure!
Hannyabal: A-Are you done yet?
Olive: No, not yet.
Olive: What a stupid man.
Magellan: You can say that again.
Olive: L-Let me go!
Magellan: You shouldn't have been so careless!
Hannyabal: Ouch!
Magellan: Your job is just as important on Level One as it would be on Level Six!
Magellan: What do you think would happen if any of our prisoners were to break free?!
Magellan: Keep that in mind!
Ace: I'm chasing after a certain man.
Ace: He calls himself Blackbeard.
Blackbeard: People's dreams...
Blackbeard: will never end!!
Nyon: I heard that a pirate called Blackbeard...
Nyon: managed to join the Warlords by capturing Fire Fist Ace.
Luffy: Blackbeard...
Ace: Teach, drop the pointless questions.
Ace: You should see what's going on here, after walking on so many people yourself.
Blackbeard: Whitebeard's era is over!
I am the one who will become the Pirate King!
Blackbeard: First off, I'm gonna go kill that Straw Hat Luffy in Water Seven,
Blackbeard: and then I'll present him to the Government!
Ace: Luffy?
Ace: What are you talking about?
Blackbeard: Oh, you know him?
Ace: Doesn't seem like there's any point talking to you.
Ace: He's my kid brother!
Ace: If I bow down to your strength,
Ace: there would be no point in being born a man.
Ace: I will not live life with regrets.
Ace: You got that, you moron?
Blackbeard: The sun or the darkness...
Blackbeard: There can only be one winner!
Ace: I will make Whitebeard the king.
