TL Note: Pun on Taihen (terrible) and Hentai (pervert)
Jinbe: I wonder what he has to say...
Franky: Even if I were to build a new ship, it'd take too much time!
Franky: Treasure?  That laboratory?
Grampa: That's right.  Vegapunk is the active leader of all the scientists in the Navy.
Grampa: He is the pride of our country.
Grampa: Rather, his brain can be considered one of mankind's greatest assets.
Grampa: This is a place of memories for Vegapunk, he spent his childhood days here.
Grampa: Take a look at that mountain.
Grampa: It has an odd shape, right?
Franky: Yeah, now that you mention it...
Franky: What is that thing?
Grampa: It's something he created as a child, thinking about the citizens who must endure this intense cold.
Grampa: He rebuilt the animals of the forest to help work on it,\Nand got this far, but it remains incomplete.
Grampa: It's a ground-heating system,\Nintended to warm the entire island.
Grampa: But he always had the same trouble...
Grampa: He could never fully realize the ideas\Nhe had in his head.
Grampa: He lacked the resources and funding to make them a reality.
Grampa: But the sight of him crying\Nwhen he was unable to help us...
Grampa: was enough to warm our hearts.
Franky: What a super tear-jerking story!
Grampa: You think so?
Grampa: We are still waiting for him to come home.
Grampa: Now that you know,\Nplease never go back to that laboratory with its...
Grampa: self-destruct button.
Franky: What?!  Did you just casually mention\Nthe most unnecessary button in the entire world?
Kitton: I didn't know there was a button like that...
Kitton: Hey, old man, let's just go back home and we'll drink some warm tea!
Franky: I can't do that!
Franky: The only place I can find an ice breaker\Nto get off this island... is the laboratory, right?
Franky: I have my own problems to take care of.
Franky: I just read the news that my captain has been through hell, you see.
Franky: See ya!
Franky: I'm in your debt!
Grampa: Wait!  Whatever you do,\Nnever press the self-destruct button!
Franky: Do you really think I'd press it, you moron?!
Franky: Why'd he even install something like that?!
Franky: Can I ask you just one thing?
Franky: If, by some freak chance,\NI were to press that button...
Kitton: Old man?
Franky: Would it be my fault?
Kitton & Gramps: Obviously!
