Scientist: She's trying to change the subject.
Nami: Luffy...
Nami: Help.
Luffy: You bet I will!
Nami: This time, I will!
Luffy: Nami!
Luffy: You are one of us!
Franky: Would you please sail on the ship that I've built?
Franky: Luffy... You helped me carry out my dream.
Luffy: Franky!
Luffy: Thanks for the ship!  It's the best!
Luffy: We'll take good care of it!
Luffy: If you want me to return your speedo,
Luffy: then join our crew!
Franky: You brought me with you into this wide world.
Franky: Passing through countless seas,\Novercoming innumerable battles and troubles.
Franky: And once we've sailed to the end of the sea...
Franky: then my ship can truly be called the ship of my dreams.
Franky: Hey, Luffy.
Franky: The Sunny still hasn't showed its full potential yet!
Franky: The only captain who can make\Nthe Sunny into my dream ship...
Franky: is you.
Franky: I will learn technologies that will let it overcome adventures rougher than any we've had so far.
Franky: So, Luffy...
Franky: So Luffy, let's overcome them!
Franky: The rough waves of the New World!
Sanji: So that's what you meant?
Luffy: Hey, cook!
Luffy: Join my crew, will ya?
Luffy: Become the cook on my pirate ship!
Luffy: I won't die.
Luffy: I will not die here!
Zeff: You come across idiots like him, now and again.
Zeff: Once they've decided on their goals they don't stop fighting until they die.
Zeff: Even if you pierce his body with hundreds of weapons,
Zeff: nobody stands a chance against a spear of pure guts.
Sanji: Hey, Luffy.
Sanji: Don't you lose.
Sanji: I'm thinking of going someday too.
Sanji: To the Grand Line.
Luffy: Then let's go now!
Sanji: It's not time yet.
Sanji: Hey, do you know of All Blue?
Luffy: Nope!
Sanji: What, you don't know?
Sanji: It's a miraculous sea!
Sanji: We've both got stupid dreams.
Sanji: In order to reach my own goal, the All Blue...
Luffy: Sanji?
Sanji: Yeah, I guess I'll tag along on your road to becoming the Pirate King.
Sanji: I'll be your ship's cook.
Sanji: Luffy, the next time we meet...
Sanji: I will...
Sanji: support you as the greatest cook in the world, so that you may become the Pirate King.
Sanji: I will...
Sanji: live through...
Sanji: this Hell.
Sanji: I won't lose either, Luffy!
