Luffy: Wait up, Ace!
Luffy: I'm gonna win this time!
Ace: You've still got a long way to go before you can beat me.
Ace: Really, there was hardly any point in me helping you escape, was there?
Ace: Hey!
Luffy: Ace!
Ace: Long time no see, Luffy.
Luffy: It sure has been!
Ace: I had some business to take care of, so I came to these seas.
Ace: I thought I'd meet up with you while I was at it.
Luffy: Business?
Ace: I'm a member of the Whitebeard Pirates.
Luffy: The Whitebeard Pirates?
Ace: This is the symbol of the Whitebeard Pirates.
Ace: It's my pride.
Luffy: Really?
Ace: Luffy, why don't you join Whitebeard's crew?
Ace: Of course, you can bring your companions with you.
Luffy: Don't want to.
Ace: That's what I thought. I just had to ask.
Ace: Whitebeard is the strongest pirate I know of.
Ace: I want to make him the Pirate King.
Ace: Him, not you, Luffy.
Luffy: That's fine. I'll just fight him for the title.
Luffy;Usopp;Chopper: Cheers!
Ace: Who said I was gonna join you?
Luffy: Ace!  Are you sure you don't wanna join our crew?
Ace: I'm chasing after a certain man.
Ace: His name is Blackbeard.
Ace: He used to be a member of Whitebeard's Second Division, and one of my subordinates.
Ace: Then he committed the worst sin one can as a pirate.
Ace: He killed a member of the crew and left the ship.
Ace: As his commander, I have to track him down and deal with him.
Ace: I want you to have this.
Ace: Here.
Ace: Carry it with you... always.
Luffy: What? It's just a piece of paper.
Ace: Yeah, that's right. That piece of paper...
Ace: will bring the two of us together again.
Ace: You don't want it?
Luffy: No, I'll keep it.
Ace: Since I have a clumsy little brother,
Ace: I'm worried about you as a big brother.
Ace: I'm sure he's caused you guys a lot of trouble, too.
Ace: Take care of him for me.
Luffy: Huh?  You're leaving already?
Ace: Luffy, the next time we meet, we'll both be legendary pirates.
Luffy and Blackbeard: Hey, old man!
Luffy and Blackbeard: Hey, old man!
Man: Huh? What is it?
Luffy: This cherry pie tastes so awful, I could die!
Blackbeard: This cherry pie tastes so good, I could die!
Both: What's with you?!  You wanna fight?!
Zoro: How'd this turn into a fight?!
Blackbeard: You a pirate?
Luffy: Yeah. I am.
Blackbeard: What's your bounty?
Luffy: Thirty million.
Blackbeard: Thirty million?  You?
Blackbeard: Like hell it is!  Don't lie to me!
Luffy: I'm not lying!
Zoro: Cut it out!
Pirate: Those two are gonna fight Bellamy!
Pirate 2: Do it! Do it!
Nami: Luffy, wait!
Nami: Hey, old man!  We want to go to Sky Island!
Nami: Do you know anything about it?
Man: Sky Island?!
Man 2: Give me a break!
Bellamy: Hey, hey, you got me there!
Bellamy: You guys really believe in that ancient legend of an island in the sky?
Bellamy: What era are you living in anyway?
Bellamy: Listen up!  The era where pirates dream is over!
Bellamy: Whenever I see a foolish dream chaser like yourself, it really pisses me off!
Nami: Luffy!
Luffy: Zoro.
Luffy: Don't fight back, no matter what happens.
Blackbeard: Sky Island is real!
Nami: You're that guy from before...
Blackbeard: This whole "New Era" they're talking about is a load of crap.
Blackbeard: The era where pirates dream is over?!
Blackbeard: Huh?!
Blackbeard: People's dreams...
Blackbeard: NEVER END!
Blackbeard: Ain't that right?!
Luffy: WHAT?!
Luffy: The Seven Warlords and the Navy HQ
Luffy: are gonna battle against the Whitebeard Pirates?!
Luffy: What's going on?! H-How can this be happening?!
Luffy: W-W-W-Wait a second!
Luffy: That's more than I can take in all at once!
Nyon: What a hopeless man.
Nyon: There is a limit to how ignyorant you can be!
Nyon: Although this is only speculation at the moment,
Nyon: the battle will certainly happen sooner or later.
Nyon: The World Government has made the first move.
Nyon: Whitebeard is a man who would never allow his crewmates to be killed.
Nyon: Even though they know that,
Nyon: they have announced the public execution of\NWhitebeard's elite subordinate, Portgas D. Ace!
Margaret: What's wrong?
Luffy: Ace is gonna be executed?!
Nyon: I heard that a pirate called Blackbeard
Nyon: managed to join the Warlords by capturing Fire Fist Ace.
Luffy: He's my big brother!
Luffy: Ace is my big brother!
Nyon: What?!
Luffy: I wanna go save Ace!
Luffy: Blackbeard?!
Luffy: So you're...
Luffy: So you're...
Luffy: Blackbeard?!
Blackbeard: Huh?  Oh yeah, I never introduced myself, did I?
Blackbeard: Long time no see, Straw Hat!
Blackbeard: I sure was surprised when I heard that you were Commander Ace's little brother!
Blackbeard: Shouldn't you be there?
Blackbeard: They're gonna start soon, ya know?
Blackbeard: Your brother's execution, that is!
Blackbeard: From what I heard,
Blackbeard: you're the one who took down that\Nformer Warlord Crocodile over there, huh?
Blackbeard: Straw Hat Luffy!
Blackbeard: Back then, when I was still trying to become a Warlord,
Blackbeard: I thought the best idea was to kill you and use that to prove my strength to the World Government.
Blackbeard: But it seems fate was in your favor!
Blackbeard: You should be thankful for Ace's interference.
Blackbeard: If he hadn't interfered, the one dying today,
Blackbeard: would be you, Straw Hat.
Blackbeard: Now, prepare to set sail!
Blackbeard: Things are about to get busy!
Ace: Hey!  Wait up, Teach.
Ace: I've been looking for you.
Blackbeard: Huh?
Blackbeard: Oh, Ace!
Blackbeard: Commander!
Ace: Give me a break. Don't call me "Commander".
Ace: That's a title used out of respect for someone.
Ace: Don't try to mock me.
Blackbeard: Alright, I won't. Just let me ask you one thing.
Blackbeard: Hey Ace, wanna join my crew?
Blackbeard: Join me, and let's take over the world!
Blackbeard: I've got it all planned out!
Blackbeard: Whitebeard's era is over!
Blackbeard: I am the one who will become the Pirate King!
Blackbeard: First off, I'm gonna go kill that\NStraw Hat Luffy in Water Seven,
Blackbeard: and then I'll present him to the Government!
Ace: Luffy?
Ace: What are you talking about?
Blackbeard: Oh, you know him?
Ace: Doesn't seem like there's any point in talking to you.
Ace: He's my kid brother!
Ace: And of course, I will...
Ace: never join you.
Blackbeard: I know, Ace.
Blackbeard: You want to kill me, right?
Blackbeard: I understand. Killing a crewmate is an unforgivable crime.
Blackbeard: It's true, I did kill Commander Thatch of the Fourth Division!
Blackbeard: The ship's rules said that whoever found a Devil Fruit could eat it, right?
Blackbeard: I had memorized the shape of all the Devil Fruits in the picture book.
Blackbeard: I could tell right away that he'd found the one I had always wanted!
Ace: So, you killed Thatch and stole it from him?
Blackbeard: Well, it was done on impulse.
Blackbeard: This ability chose ME, Ace!
Blackbeard: With this ability, I have become the strongest!
Blackbeard: Behold! Even amongst the Logia-types, this ability is unique!
Blackbeard: Ace, your body can turn to fire, right?
Blackbeard: I am darkness!
Blackbeard: Hot! Hot!
Ace: Now, isn't this odd?
If you're a Logia type, you should be able to take that attack without any trouble.
Blackbeard: Didn't I tell you? Darkness pulls in everything.
Blackbeard: Even bullets, arrows, punches, fire and lightning.
Blackbeard: Attacks won't just pass through me, like what happens to you!
Blackbeard: My body takes even more damage than that of an ordinary human!
Blackbeard: But, in exchange for that risk, I've gained the ability to pull in another thing!
Blackbeard: The gravity of darkness can absorb the essence of a Devil Fruit user.
Ace: Gravity?!
Blackbeard: And my body can...
Blackbeard: Well? Have you figured it out yet, Ace?
Ace: No way...
Blackbeard: I bet it's been a while since someone's punched you, Ace.
Blackbeard: The moment I grabbed you, you should've realized...
Blackbeard: The other thing that my darkness can pull in...
Blackbeard: is the powers of the Devil!
Blackbeard: In other words, as soon as I touch them,
Blackbeard: Devil Fruit users become completely incapable of using their powers!
Blackbeard: Logia. Zoan. Paramecia.
Blackbeard: I've gained an ability that renders all Devil Fruit users of the world...
Blackbeard: incapable of defending themselves from me!
Ace: Then I just have to avoid getting caught, right?
Blackbeard: Everything becomes powerless before the darkness.
Blackbeard: Even someone as strong as you are.
Blackbeard: Although, it'd be a shame to waste that power.
Blackbeard: Ace!  Join my crew!
Ace: If I bow down to your strength,
Ace: there would be no point in being born a man.
Ace: I will not live life with regrets.
Ace: You got that, you moron?
Blackbeard: The most important thing in this world is survival.
Blackbeard: What a shame, Ace.
Blackbeard: Die in the darkness!
Blackbeard: The sun or the darkness.
Blackbeard: There can only be one winner!
Ace: I will make Whitebeard the king.
