Until I can reach the sky,
I believe, until the next tomorrow, hey
Getting lost in the darkness and uncovering the mystery.
Stopping when you can't see the destination.
Umm you and me, yes it feels good, let's share the world.
Guiding me, I feel the beat, I start walking towards it, oh yeah.
Share the music, anytime.
Share the one dream and believe in each other.
Share the good times holding hands.
I'll keep going until I can reach the sky.
Let's overcome it now, I believe in the next tomorrow yeah yeah...
Chasing and being chased on top of Mobius' ring.
Getting closer and facing forward, hey I want to share your style.
It begins, it expands, this flavor that exceeds imagination
I feel so good throughout my body, I will become free, oh yeah
Share the music, even if it's far.
Share the one dream, by telling each other.
Share the good times and laugh.
I'll keep going until I can reach the sky.
Let's overcome it now, I believe in the next tomorrow yeah yeah...
You were waiting there on the other side of the invisible wall.
I'll be there soon, I believe in one world yeah yeah...
Gold Roger: My treasure?
Gold Roger: If you want it, I'll give it to you!
Gold Roger: Find it!
Gold Roger: I left everything in that place.
Caption: Navy HQ
Garp: The Dark King, Silvers Rayleigh, huh?
Marine: It would appear the others haven't noticed, and think he's just a normal old guy.
Garp: They're gonna sell the Dark King in the Human Auction, huh?
Marine: If he's the real deal, then this is a really bad situation...
Marine: Although my subordinates can't be 100% sure...
Garp: Tea!
Marine: Uh, right.
Marine: What should we do, vice-admiral? Should I report this to Fleet Admiral Sengoku?
Garp: Nah, I'll handle this myself. Don't tell anyone else, not even Sengoku!
Garp: Make sure to tell your subordinates!
Marine: But if it really is him...
Garp: It's him. No doubt about that.
Garp: I hear some reports about the guy from time to time.
Garp: I'd say he's probably ended up losing his freedom in a gamble.
Garp: He might be an old man, but if we try to take on Rayleigh unprepared,
I'd say we'd probably lose countless soldiers in the attempt.
Garp: It's especially dangerous right now.
Garp: You think the Navy can handle two legends at the same time?!
Slave-trader: Well then, everyone! Thank you for your patience!
Slave-trader: In a moment, the 1st grove's monthly tradition...
Slave-trader: the Great Human Auction, shall commence!
Slave-trader: Our host, of course, is this man!
Slave-trader: The walking super bazaar...
Slave-trader: Mr. Disco!
Disco: Good day, everyone! This time, we've got quite an excellent selection of slaves for you!
Disco: You are all lucky! We've got a spectacular deluxe item for later in the show!
Disco: The only thing on my mind is making sure everyone here leaves with the slave they've been waiting for!
Man: What kind of item should I buy for the empress this time?
Empress: The human slave you bought before broke far too easily...
Empress: so this time, I would like a young and strong male giant!
Man: I, for one, would just like two or three pretty, young girls.
Empress: Of course you'd like that!
Man: I'll be looking forward to seeing what cute girls will appear!
Empress: Oh, my!
Disco: Well, then, let us start the auction!
Slave-trader: Prepare numbers 2 and 3.
Slave-trader 2: Understood!
Disco: Entry #1: from Toroa in West Blue!
Disco: A master of instruments from a musician family!
Disco: A pirate standing proud and tall!
Disco: With his instrument, he'll play any music you want,
Disco: a human music box!
Disco: Give him a mop, and he will clean up any filth perfectly!
Disco: He is also a fantastic wine maker!
Disco: A 25 year old human male, a perfect working age!
Disco: 192 cm, 130 kg, name: Byron!
Disco: We will start off the bidding with the special starting price of 480 thousand beli!
Disco: Well, then, raise your plate if you wish to place a bid!
Man: Well, if it's just 480 thousand, then I can afford it.
Disco: Number 7 over there offers 480 thousand!
Disco: Can I get a higher bid?!
Disco: Is there anyone?!
Man: 500 thousand!
Disco: Number 82 makes a bid of 500 thousand beli!
Man: 520 thousand!
Disco: Yes, we have a bid of 520 thousand beli from number 105!
Disco: Is 520 enough?
Disco: Skilled with instruments, and he can help do the chores!
Disco: Being a pirate, he would also make an excellent watchdog,
Disco: is nobody else interested in this magnificent specimen?
Disco: Anyone? Is there anyone?!
Man 1: 530 thousand!
Man 2: 550 thousand!
Man 3: 600 thousand!
Disco: We have 600 thousand from number 7! Anyone else?!
Disco: Sold, for 600 thousand beli!
Disco: Glorifying all his items to make people pay as much as possible for them...
Disco: This is why the Walking Super Bazaar, Mr. Disco-sama is a professional! These are his skills!
Disco: Now, things will only get even more exciting from here on!
Disco: We've gotten quite a lot of impressive items here!
Disco: Everyone, please don't lose sight of the prize here!
Disco: Well, let's move on to the next one!
Sanji: What's this, Duval?
Sanji: This disgusting list?
Duval: It's the market prices.
Sanji: Market prices?
Sanji: Basic auction minimum prices...
Sanji: Humans, 500 thousand beli.
Sanji: Male giants are 50 million beli...
Sanji: What? Female mermen are sold for 70 million beli?!
Duval: You understand why everyone tries to catch mermaids now, right?
Duval: The value is something else!
Duval: You can do whatever you want to them once you've bought them...
Duval: but they usually end up in some rich person's aquarium.
Duval: They have to live out their lives as decorations in small tanks.
Sanji: What're you trying to say, damn you?!
Duval: Now that I think about it though, you can hardly call that "living" at all.
Sanji: If that's what you think, then hurry up and find her!
Rider: We've covered all the slave-traders stationed in the 20's!
Rider: We couldn't find any info about anyone having caught a mermaid here!
Rider 2: No info about mermaids over here either!
Rider 3: Damn, we haven't managed to find anything either!
Luffy: Hurry up and go into the air!
Rider: Don't make it sound so easy!
Rider: This ain't a bird, you know, it's gotta pick up speed on the surface!
Luffy: Caimie! Where are you?!
Slave-trader: This is what's getting to me!
Slave-trader: It was a giant, damn it! It was easy enough to catch the guy sleeping...
Slave-trader: but do you have any idea how hard it was to carry'im?!
Slave-trader: Of course, you'd think we'd gotten the big draw this time, right?
Slave-trader: That's how it usually is, right?
Slave-trader: But then some guy went and brought a freakin' mermaid to the auction house!
Slave-trader: Who wouldn't get drunk when somethin' like that happens?
Usopp: Hang on! Who was that?
Rider: This is unit 5, to all Rosy Life Riders!
Rider: Can you hear me? The guy who took the mermaid is Peterman!
Rider: The place they took her to was the auction in Grove 1!
Rider 2: Did you say it was Peterman?
Luffy: Did you find it out?
Rider 2: Yeah, let's fly!
Brook: This is a little too fast! I am scared!
Franky: She hasn't been sold already, has she?
Nami: Hurry!
Rider: Grove 1 should be nearby! Leave it to me!
Rider 2: We'll head towards the Auction House!
Hachi: You figured out where she is? Thank god!
Pappagg: Caimie!
Luffy: Hurry!
Zoro: I'd like to return to the ship, but where's the number 1 tree?
Bounty-hunter: I'll tell you!
Zoro: Really? I'm in your debt.
Bounty-hunter: Listen up. There's nowhere for you to go, Pirate Hunter Zoro-san!
Bounty-hunter: I'll be taking that 120 million beli head of yours.
Bounty-hunter: Um, well, Grove 1 is...
Disco: Well, well, let us keep going! Here is entry #6!
Disco: A 10-pack of male human workers!
Duval: This is the Head, calling all men! Get me some info on today's auction!
Rider: It started at 4 o'clock, and it's been going for 30 minutes already!
Sanji: Hey, will this really be alright?
Duval: No problem at all!
Duval: A mermaid would certainly be the main event, so they'll save her for the end!
Duval: We'll make it!
Sanji: Anyway, take the fastest route! This thing is slower than the Flying Fish!
Duval: Like I said, calm down, Master Black Leg!
Duval: I'm the Head of this team! Did you see me change my course after we learned the mermaid's location?
Sanji: Uh, no...
Duval: That's because...
Duval: I've been heading to Grove 1 from the beginning!
Duval: Look ahead! That's Grove 1! I am the Head, so I got here before everyone else!
Sanji: Are you serious?
Sanji: This must be the intuition of a professional!
Rider: We've arrived, Reindeer-san!
Chopper: Thank you. Huh?
Chopper: Oh, Sanji!
Sanji: YOU LOST, DIDN'T YOU?!
Nami: Sanji-kun! Chopper!
Sanji: Nami-swan!~
Hachi: Hey, everyone!
Pappagg: Caimie!
Rider: Be careful!
Franky: Yeah! Thanks a lot!
Franky: What's with this guy?
Disco: 200 thousand beli! Anyone else?
Disco: Sold!
Franky: Is this it?
Sanji: Like I said, why can't you give her back?!
Sanji: I'm telling you that Caimie-chan is not for sale!
Slave-trader: You're the one who's out of line here!
Slave-trader: If you don't drop it soon, I can take legal countermeasures!
Slave-trader: You're disturbing our business!
Franky: Those guys...!
Sanji: What do you mean, "business", you damn bastard?!
Sanji: Do you think I'll accept a business like this in this world?!
Slave-trader: A lawless pirate like yourself has no right to lecture me about morality!
Nami: Slave-trading is a worldwide taboo! How much did you pay the government?
Slave-trader: What an ill-mannered accusation,
Slave-trader: but I suppose you're right!
Slave-trader: When talking to the government or marines,
Slave-trader: it seems that terms like "slave-trading" are hard for them comprehend.
Slave-trader: It's as if they have no idea that this business of ours exists!
Sanji: How ridiculous... So the whole system is crooked, then?!
Nami: How can the government tolerate this?!
Chopper: What do you mean by that?! How can you do something so horrible?!
Slave-trader: That's just how things are, and there's nothing you can do about it!
Slave-trader: So, could you please...
Franky: This is annoying!
Franky: We're sure the mermaid is in there, so let's just break her out!
Franky: Weapons...
Hachi: No! There are Celestial Dragons inside!
Hachi: And if Caimie has been brought here, then she's probably got a neck ring already!
Chopper: That exploding thing?!
Chopper: Then, we can't just get her out?
Slave-trader: If you'd please leave then.
Sanji: Why, you...!
Chopper: No, Sanji!
Sanji: Let me go, Chopper!
Chopper: I can't, Sanji!
Sanji: Damn it...
Sanji: If the guy won't listen, then...!
Franky: Hey, Girlie! Where are you going?
Chopper: I said calm down, Sanji!
Sanji: Nami-san!
Nami: If we can't hurt them, then we'll just play by their rules to get Caimie back!
Slave-trader 1: Bring out numbers 15 and 16.
Slave-trader 2: Understood.
Pirate: Please stop!
Pirate: I don't want to! I'd rather stay in the cell!
Pirate: I don't wanna be a slave!
Pirate: Help me, please! Help!
Slave-trader: Give him a tranquilizer.
Pirate: Call the Navy! Please!
Pirate: Don't sell me, please!
Caimie: Hacchin... Save me!
Pirate: Noooooo!
Pirate 2: Chief, I think that's the Straw Hat crew.
Kid: The Straw Hats' captain isn't there... I was hoping to see just how dumb he was myself...
Disco: Well then, next up is... Entry number 14!
Disco: This item is a human female! Of course, she can do chores,
Disco: and she is skilled at many different games, from trump to chess,
Disco: and as such, she should be quite capable of keeping you entertained!
Disco: We'll start from 600 thousand beli!
Empress: Oh, my! This could be quite an unexpected prize!
Man: I screwed up! I blew all my money on the last woman!
Man: No matter how you look at it, this one is better...
Man 2: What a shame! I shall take this one, then!
Man 2: 700 thousand beli!
Man 3: 900 thousand!
Man 4: One million 20 thousand!
Woman: One million 50 thousand!
Man: Two million!
Sanji: Damn these guys!
Man: Three million!
Disco: Number 51 offers three million beli!
Disco: Anyone else? Anyone?!
Disco: Sold, to number 51, for three million beli!
Pappagg: Is this what will happen to Caimie, too?
Nami: We'll definitely get her back!
Franky: But how will we do that in this situation?
Nami: We've got loads of treasure stored on the ship.
Nami: It's at least 200 million in all...
Nami: What's the going price for a mermaid?
Hachi: If you have that much, then it should be enough, but I can't repay that!
Nami: What, Hachi? Are you Caimie's guardian or something?
Hachi: It's not like that...
Nami: If it's to get our friend back, then I don't care how much we have to pay!
Nami: You guys don't have any complaints, right?
Chopper: Of course not! This isn't about money!
Pappagg: Thanks a lot... you guys...
Pappagg: I'll never forget this...!
Sanji: That's the Nami-san I love!
Franky: Shut up and come on.
Man: Extra! Extra!
Apoo: Is the World Government out of its mind?
Pirate: If they really do this, then...!
Pirate 2: Captain, this could mean trouble!
Drake: Is that how it is?
Pirate: Is something wrong, Captain Drake?
Drake: I understand now...
Drake: Seeing how close this island is to Navy HQ...
Drake: I thought it was strange that there were so few marines around.
Pirate: What has happened?
Drake: It's been decided that Fire Fist Ace, commander of Whitebeard's second division, is set to be executed!
Pirate: If they do that, then Whitebeard is sure to make a move!
Drake: There's gonna be a war!
Disco: Now, things are heating up, on this Grand Human Auction!
Disco: Our next entry is an instant purchase, for sure!
Disco: Entry number 15 is a knockout female slave!
Disco: Please observe the miraculous proportions of this 20 year old dancer, Pathea!
Disco: She's one of today's big draws!
Disco: Her marvelous dancing figure is sure to impress even the heavens!
Man: 800 thousand!
Disco: The beautiful dancer Pathea gets an amazing starting bid of 800 thousand!
Man 2: One million!
...Person: One million 50 thousand!
Man 3: Three million!
Disco: Suddenly, we get three million beli! Is there anyone willing to top that?
Sanji: Quit screwing with me! What are all these people trying to do to that lady?!
Pappagg: We'll definitely save her! I won't let these guys sell Caimie!
Luffy: Hurry! Hurry!
Rider: I get it!
Luffy: Hurry to Grove 1!
Zoro: So this is Grove 2, huh?
Zoro: Then it's the next one, right?
Rider: Are you really a member of the Straw Hat crew?
Rider: You've been doing nothing but scream for quite some time now.
Brook: But... This is even scarier than the attractions in Sabaody Park!
Brook: I thought my heart would leap out of my chest...
Brook: ...though I have no heart!
Rider: Man... It would have been better to just leave you behind!
Usopp: Is everyone there yet?
Luffy: We'll definitely save you! Wait for us, Caimie!
Slave-trader: Get number 17 ready!
Chopper: It's the Celestial Dragons... Are they planning to buy Caimie, too?
Nami: It's fine! We've got 200 million beli, after all!
Luffy: The Exploding Fist!
Luffy: Destroy the Auction
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
