Alvida: This is no time to fool around.
Alvida: We don't even know where that scumbag Luffy is.
Alvida: How will we capture him?
Buggy: Oh, don't be so uptight, Alvida.
Buggy: There's nothing wrong with having a little fun first.
Ace: What'd you say? If you wanna see Luffy, I'll tell you where he is.
Buggy: See? This guy's gonna tell us where he is...
Buggy: WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!
Ace: Oh, hello. Forgive my intrusion.
Ace: I was drawn by the scent of your delicious food.
Ace: The name's Ace. Pleasure to meet you.
Buggy: Oh, no, you needn't be so polite.
Buggy: The pleasure's all mine-
Buggy: NO, I ASKED WHO THE HELL YOU ARE!
Buggy: Who gives a damn about your name, ya flashy bastard?!
Mohji: Captain! Captain, he's Fire Fist!
Cabaji: Fire Fist Ace...
Second Division Commander of Whitebeard's crew!
Crew: Whitebeard?!
Buggy: What?!
Ace: Oh, y'all know my old man?
Ace: That's very...
Buggy: He fell asleep?!
and his feet must remain on the ground while he's using his power.
Mohji: Captain! Captain!
Buggy: What?
Mohji: Are you sure this is the spot?
Mohji: The legendary cave Captain John dug out in order to hide his great treasure, that he cruelly protected in the past?
Buggy: Yeah, this is the place. Keep moving.
Mohji: Right.
Buggy: Listen up!
The treasures are guarded,
Buggy: so if you let your guard down, you might not live that long!
Buggy: Will we encounter monsters that would attack us,
Buggy: or traps that you would see in Hell?
Miner: Right, let's do our best digging today, too!
Miners: Yes, Chief!
Miner: Oh? Are you the new guys?
Buggy: Man, working up a sweat sure is great!
Miner: Indeed! And our sweat will eventually create a tunnel and become the people's smiles!
Buggy: Yeah, yeah! After hard work, sake tastes a little better too!
Buggy: WHAT ARE YOU MAKING ME DO HERE?!
Hancock: This is a stronghold made to lock people away.
Hancock: No matter what happens, please do not cause an uproar here.
Hancock: If you get captured, you will never be able to get out.
Hancock: Though you are strong,
will you promise me to not cause any disturbances?
Luffy: Right, I got it! I promise!
Luffy: Thanks a lot, Hancock!
Luffy: Hancock!
