Caption: Dress Rosa
Caption: Port Town Acacia
Caption: Tontatta Clan (Dwarf Clan)
Caption: Reconnaissance Agent Wicca
Caption: Donquixote Family (♣Trebol Army)
Caption: Assassin Violet
Violet: Girogiro: Glare
Law: By the way, I plan on heading to Green Bit.
Law: I wonder if the Straw Hat Crew \Nis too much for me to handle?
Zoro: I'll be taking back my sword.
Wicca: Dammit!
Wicca: I'm in trouble!
Wicca: What a klutz I am!
Wicca: The human will see me!
Wicca: I have to get away before the human...
Wicca: I apologize.
Zoro: What the hell are you?!
Wicca: I'm such a klutz!
Wicca: A klutz and an idiot and a blockhead!
Wicca: I knew I'd get caught one day!
Zoro: So this is what the fairies look like...
Zoro: Or are you a toy?
Wicca: I'm not a toy.
Wicca: I'm Wicca of the Tontatta clan.
Wicca: Please don't tell anyone that you saw me.
Wicca: Please!
Zoro: I have no idea what's going on.
Wicca: I don't have time for this!
Zoro: It's not like I was planning on eating you.
Zoro: Tell me what's happening.
Wicca: I-I can't.
Wicca: I can't tell that to a big person.
Wicca: Forgive me.
Wicca: I'm going...
Zoro: What is it now?!
Wicca: I can't walk.
Wicca: I twisted my ankle earlier!
Wicca: I'm such a klutz!
Wicca: A klutz, a klutz, a klutz!
Zoro: How are you so strong?
Zoro: You're shattering the ground!
Wicca: Please, take me to the captain!
Wicca: It's your fault that I'm in this position in the first place.
Zoro: You're the one who stole my sword!
Wicca: Stole?
Wicca: What are you talking about?!
Wicca: We manage the greenery of this island.
Wicca: The big people call us fairies and give us stuff.
Zoro: Give you?
Zoro: No, you steal things!
Wicca: We're getting distracted again!
Wicca: We need to hurry.
Wicca: I'm part of the reconnaissance team.
Wicca: I have to report the location\Nof the Donquixote family to the captain!
Wicca: This is our chance!
Wicca: I just confirmed that they went to attack the Straw Hat's ship!
Zoro: What?!
Wicca: We need to hurry.
Wicca: I'm part of the reconnaissance team.
Wicca: I have to report the location of the Donquixote family to the captain!
Wicca: This is our chance!
Wicca: I just confirmed that they went to attack the Straw Hat's ship!
Zoro: What?!
Wicca: I'm a klutz, I keep telling him everything!
Zoro: Hey, is what you said true?!
Zoro: I'm part of the Straw Hat Crew!
Zoro: A klutz, I'm a klutz!
Zoro: I'm a klutz, a klutz and a blockhead!
Zoro: Geez...
Zoro: Quit wrecking stuff!
Zoro: Calm down, fairy!
Zoro: Is it true that the Donquixote family went to attack the Sunny?
Wicca: That's a secret.
Wicca: But I saw them with my own eyes.
Wicca: I told him our secrets again.
Zoro: I don't have a Snail Phone,\Nso I've got no way to contact the others.
Zoro: Out of all of us, for that group to be targeted...
Zoro: Alright, I'm going back to the Sunny.
Wicca: Wait, take me to the flower hill first.
Wicca: Then I'll lead you to the coast.
Zoro: Like I care, I'm heading to the coast right now!
Wicca: But...
Wicca: You're going in the opposite direction!
Wicca: You don't know how to get there, do you?
Sanji: There's someone I want you to kill for me.
