Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates.
Narrator: A struggle between countless pirates began
Narrator: while looking for the great treasure, One Piece,
Narrator: left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger.
Narrator: The young boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit,
Narrator: Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers
Narrator: who went out to sea to become the Pirate King.
Narrator: Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures.
Narrator: Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World
Narrator: will continue through the Grand Line!
Narrator: Luffy had been blasted off the Sabaody Archipelago by the Warlord, Bartholomew Kuma.
Narrator: After being separated from his comrades,
Narrator: and landing alone on an unknown island...
Narrator: Luffy was planning to follow the Vivre Card and reunite with the crew.
Narrator: Luffy had accidentally eaten a mushrooms-growing-on-your-body mushroom,
Narrator: and was carried to a village by a group of mysterious women.
Narrator: This is a place forbidden to men.
Narrator: The kingdom of women, Amazon Lily.
Narrator: The women who leave the island sometimes come back bearing a child.
Narrator: Strangely, all children born on the island are female.
Narrator: Atop the tall mountain, within the deep jungle,
Narrator: lies a huge hole.
Narrator: A village resembling a fortress was built within,\Nand a kingdom was founded.
Narrator: The women naturally do all the hard work themselves.
Narrator: The women have all been trained as warriors since they were born.
Narrator: Thus, they are tough and hearty;
Narrator: and yet, they are still graceful.
Narrator: There is no place here for greedy, foolish men.
Narrator: But above all,
Narrator: the women on this island are strong.
Narrator: In this country,
Narrator: strength is considered true beauty.
Narrator: If a man were to come near this country,
Narrator: he would be killed instantly.
Narrator: The Navy Vice Admiral Momonga...
Narrator: ...boards the ship of the Kuja Pirates to speak to Hancock, one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea.
Narrator: However, Hancock refuses to listen to the navy's demands.
Narrator: She releases her abilities on the marines.
