Marine: Shigan: Finger Gun
Text(botcenter): Corridor linking Towers A & B
Text(botcenter): Corridor linking Towers A & B
Text: Inside Tower B
Text: Central Staircase in Tower B
Text: Tower B, Gas Balloon-ship Launch Pad
Text: Caesar's Office
Text(top): Tower B, 3rd Floor
Text(bot): Near the Biscuits Room
After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates\Nhave finally entered the New World,
the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors.
The crew has landed on Punk Hazard,\Nan island split between fire and ice.
There they were captured by Caesar Clown, who controls the island...
and thrown into a cage and forced to face\Nhis weapon of mass destruction, Land of Death.
But thanks to the cleverness of Law, one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, they escaped from the cage.
They head for Tower R, Door 66.
But Caesar made his Land of Death flow into the laboratory itself.
SecondaryMarines: Hurry!
Vergo: Welcome.
Vergo: I've heard rumors about you, Commodore Smoker.\NI look forward to working with you.
Vergo: The men in G-5 are rough around the edges\Nand they aren't all that bright.
Vergo: But once you get to know them,\Nyou'll see that they're better than their reputation.
Vergo: Before long, I'm sure you'll come to see them as your cute subordinates.
Tashigi: Where's Vice-Admiral Vergo?
Marine: He ain't here.
Tashigi: Where is he?
Marine: Don't worry.  Vice-Admiral Vergo quietly goes to visit his hometown, now and again.
Marine2: He's got a sick little sister.
Woman: And you call yourselves marines?!
Pike: It's not like there was a direct connection between our cannons hitting your house and it being...
Woman: What kind of excuse is that?!
Vergo: My apologies.
Vergo: I must take responsibility for my subordinates' actions.
Woman: Oh, I see.
Woman: Then I blame you for this!
Marine: Hag!
Marine2: Don't overstep your place!
Vergo: I understand.
Vergo: Whatever I must do to make up for it, I will.
Marine: Vice-Admiral Vergo.
Tashigi: Vice-Admiral Vergo,
Tashigi: About the kidnapped child bulletin that was posted the other day...
Vergo: Yes, I looked into it,\Nbut it turns out it was just a shipwreck.
Vergo: In other words, a false report.
Tashigi: A false report?
Vergo: It's the same with all parents,\Nno one can easily accept the death of a child.
Vergo: It gives them hope\Nto think that their child was just kidnapped.
Vergo: If you become a parent one day,\Nthen you'll also understand.
Tashigi: So that's what happened?
Vergo: Yes, that's what happened.
