Gold Roger: My treasure?
Gold Roger: If you want it, I'll give it to you!
Gold Roger: Find it!
Gold Roger: I left everything in that place.
Duval: Why, you... Damn Straw Hat kid!
Sanji: Oeil!
Sanji: Nez!
Sanji: Joue!
Sanji: Bouche!
Sanji: Dents!
Sanji: Menton!
Sanji: Parage...
Sanji: Shot!
Rider: Head!
Rider: Head!
Rider: Where are you?
Rider: Head!
Riders: Are you OK, Head?!
Rider: He's...
Rider: This is terrible...
Rider: He's a complete mess!
Rider: Head, are you alive?
Rider: Head!
Duval: Dammit...
Duval: I'd finally tracked down Black Leg and all...
Duval: Huh?
Duval: What is it?
Duval: Why're you all lookin' so surprised?
Rider: Head, please calm down and look at this!
Duval: T-This is.... W-Wh-What the heck happened to me?!
Luffy: It's good!
Caimie: Right?
Caimie: Hacchin's takoyaki is the best in the world, isn't it?
Luffy: I can't stop, I'm unstoppable!
Luffy: This takoyaki is great!
Sanji: It really is good.
Sanji: How does he bring out the taste of the sauce like this?
Usopp: There's just something great about a food stall at sea, huh?
Brook: This is the first time I have ever eaten takoyaki.
Brook: It tastes really good.
Brook: It feels like my stomach is going to burst...
Brook: ...although I have no stomach.
Hachi: Eat as much as you like, it's free today!
Hachi: It's our way of thanking you for saving us!
Caimie: These have Dashi in them, and these have Mochi.
Caimie: They're hot, so be careful.
Hachi: So...
Hachi: What does she think...?
Hachi: Uh, Nami, I mean...
Hachi: Uh...
Hachi: Well...
Hachi: H-How does it taste?
Nami: It's not like I'll forgive you just because of this, you know.
Hachi: Of course not!
Hachi: That's not what I meant!
Hachi: I just wanted to know what you think, honestly!
Hachi: Nami...?
Nami: It's really good!
Hachi: Really?
Hachi: Is that so?
Hachi: Great, what a relief!
Hachi: Alright, you guys!
Hachi: Feel free to eat as much as you want!
Luffy: Yeah!
Luffy: Just keep making more!
Luffy: I'll eat all of it!
Duval: Hey, you guys~!
Duval: Young masters~!
Zoro: Who's that?
Robin: That voice...
Duval: Wait, wait!
Duval: Don't leave without giving us a chance to thank you!
Luffy: Who's that guy?
Duval: I'm Handsome...
Duval: Oh, that was wrong.
Duval: It's me, Duval!
Luffy: Was, that how his face looked...?
Sanji: I altered his bone-structure.
Sanji: He shouldn't have anything to complain about now, right?
Duval: My, Master Black Leg...
Duval: After you smashed my face in, we were all really surprised when I woke up!
Duval: You've made me really handsome!
Duval: I can't even recognize myself any more!
Duval: Now, the ladies will be crazy for me.
Duval: I must say...
Duval: It truly is a rosy life!
Duval: I want to go back to my lazy country-life as soon as possible...
Duval: But if I left without showing my thanks to you, I could never forgive myself!
Duval: This is your first time visiting these parts, right?
Duval: If there's anything we can help you with, just call us!
Sanji: Don't wink if you're not used to it!
Sanji: Well, as long as you're satisfied, that's good enough.
Sanji: If you wanna do us a favor, then don't bother us again...
Duval: Beautiful...
Duval: Too beautiful!
Sanji: Are you even listening?!
Duval: I want to ride on a white horse...
Sanji: Hey, listen!
Rider: Head...
Rider: Head!
Rider: Listen to what he's saying!
Duval: Oh, that's right...
Duval: What?
Duval: I'm handsome?
Sanji: I never said a single word about that!
Sanji: You want me to turn your face back into that sketch-like way it was?!
Duval: It is somewhat embarrassing, but... I accept it!
Duval: Your fair maiden's kiss~!
Nami: I wasn't doing anything like that!
Nami: I was just wiping off the takoyaki!
Nami: What's with that ridiculously positive attitude of yours?!
Duval: Oh, mirror, mirror...
Duval: Who is the most handsome man in the world?
Duval: Is it me?
Riders: You're only giving it one choice?!
Usopp: We get that you're handsome, but you're still an idiot.
Duval: Jealousy?
Usopp: No way!
Luffy: Stop it, Usopp!
Luffy: You're no match against his craziness!
Duval: Well then, young master!
Duval: This is my snail phone number.
Duval: Feel free to call me whenever you like!
Duval: I'll definitely help you out when that time comes!
Duval: I really did cause you a lot of trouble, huh?
Duval: I am really so...
Duval: ...rry!
Luffy; Sanji and Usopp: Stop winking already.
Duval: See you later!
Duval: Let's go, Rosy Life Riders!
Riders: YES, HANDSOME!
Luffy; Sanji and Usopp: Hurry up and go.
Luffy: Ah, I'm full!
Luffy: Ah, I ate a lot!
Luffy: I'm in Heaven!
Usopp: That was really good!
Chopper: I can't eat any more...
Hachi: I'm exhausted...
Hachi: They sure ate a lot...
Hachi: As expected of the Straw Hat crew...
Hachi: I wish I had six more arms.
Caimie: Good job, Hacchin!
Caimie: Seems like they're all satisfied.
Hachi: Really?
Hachi: Then, I'm satisfied too.
Brook: Ah, what a wonderful afternoon...
Brook: This is the first time I have eaten takoyaki..
Brook: I am quite satisfied, too.
Brook: Ah, excuse me.
Nami: That was too dirty!
Sanji: Hey!
Sanji: Octopus, starfish, Caimie-chan!
Sanji: If you want a break, then come up to the deck.
Sanji: I'll give you a cup of tea.
Caimie: Yeah!
Hachi: That's some good tea!
Caimie: This is the course we're gonna take.
Caimie: We're headed for the Sabaody archipelago.
Usopp: We can't get to Fishman Island without going there first?
Hachi: Fishmen and mermen can just dive straight down to get back.
Hachi: But you're humans, so if you tried to dive down there, the pressure would kill you!
Franky: Indeed...
Franky: The submarine couldn't reach it either.
Brook: It seems like...
Brook: the hull is creaking.
Robin: Yes.
Robin: Because...
Robin: We're deeper than five thousand meters right now.
Brook: Ah, that means...
Brook: But that is terrible!
Brook: We are going to be crushed by the water pressure!
Franky: How are we going to make it there?
Pappagg: Alright, pay attention!
Pappagg: It seems like you don't know anything...
Pappagg: So I'll tell you a thing or two about these seas!
Pappagg: Huh?
Pappagg: Who is gonna do that?
Pappagg: That...
Pappagg: Would...
Pappagg: Be...
Pappagg: Me!
Pappagg: Uh, would you please listen?
Pappagg: To start with, there are actually two routes you can take to reach the New World!
Pappagg: But only one of them is accessible for outlaws, like yourselves!
Luffy: Why?
Pappagg: Well, that's because...
Pappagg: one requires the World Government's permission,
Pappagg: for you to cross the Red Line by going over the top...
Pappagg: through the Holy Land Mariejoa at its summit!
Pappagg: Of course, there's no way a pirate would be allowed to pass through like that.
Chopper: You mean, walking over the Red Line?
Chopper: Then what would we do about the ship?
Pappagg: You'd have to leave the ship behind, and get a new one on the other side.
Franky: Leave the ship behind?!
Pappagg: Yeah.
Pappagg: Getting permission takes both time and money, but it's the safest way to get there.
Pappagg: However...
Franky: Huh?
Pappagg: The passage you're taking will allow you to get through with your ship and everything!
Pappagg: That passage is known as...
Pappagg: The Ocean-floor Route, which goes straight by Fishman Island!
Caimie: But the Ocean-floor Route is pretty dangerous as well.
Pappagg: Huh?
Pappagg: Caimie, Caimie?
Pappagg: I didn't say you could take over...
Franky: What do you mean?
Caimie: There are plenty of people who are eaten, along with their ships, by sea-monsters and Sea Kings.
Franky: I get it...
Franky: That would be pretty dangerous.
Caimie: Right?
Chopper: I don't want to go to Fishman Island after all...
Usopp: Me neither...
Nami: Wait a minute, Caimie!
Nami: Did you just say "along with their ships"?
Caimie: Huh?
Caimie: Yeah!
Nami: What kind of ship can we use to travel on the ocean-floor?
Caimie: This ship.
Crew: Huh?
Franky: Hey, this ship can't travel under water!
Caimie: No, it'll be alright.
Franky: Huh?
Caimie: You see, inside of that huge wall, circling the globe, the Red Line...
Caimie: there's a small hole in a certain spot.
Caimie: Although from our perspective, it's a huge hole.
Caimie: And that's where Fishman Island is!
Hachi: Actually, it's right underneath the Holy Land, Mariejoa!
Hachi: You just head about ten thousand meters down, and there it is!
Nami: That far down?
Hachi: It's a really nice place!
Nami: Wasn't Sky Island about ten thousand meters up in the sky, too?
Franky: What do you mean, we're going to take this ship to the ocean-floor?
Caimie: We're going to get the ship coated at the island we're going to now.
Franky: Coated?
Caimie: You'll understand when we get there.
Pappagg: Now, look ahead!
Pappagg: Everyone, we're here!
Nami: It's beautiful!
Usopp: What is that?
Sanji: Something's flying around...
Brook: Well, I must say...
Robin: A true wonder.
Zoro: Bubbles...?
Pappagg: This is...
Luffy: Awesome!
Luffy: There's tons of soap-bubbles floating around!
Nami: Beautiful!
Usopp: What's going on?
Usopp: They just keep floating up, one after another...
Luffy: Who's blowing them all?
Caimie: They're rising up from the island,
Usopp: Just saying that they're rising doesn't really help...
Luffy: Why?
Robin: If I may...
Robin: Sorry for interrupting, but is the Log Pose alright?
Nami: Oh, right...
Nami: It's still pointing to Fishman Island, but...
Nami: won't this island cause it to change its course?
Hachi: You don't have to worry about that.
Hachi: It doesn't have a magnetic field.
Nami: Is that so...
Sanji: Then, those aren't really islands?
Hachi: Right.
Hachi: Have you ever heard of mangrove trees?
Sanji: Mangroves?
Sanji: You mean trees with roots in the ocean that sink and emerge with the tides, right?
Hachi: That's right.
Hachi: Although the mangroves here never sink.
Hachi: They call the trees here the Yarukiman Mangroves.
Luffy: Pumped up groves?
Luffy: Yeah, they sure look like they're excited!
Luffy: I'm getting excited too!
Hachi: In all, there are 79 trees, and all of them are like small islands.
Hachi: There are towns or other structures on each one.
Hachi: All of the islands together are known as the Sabaody Archipelago.
Chopper: Huh?
Chopper: There are numbers written on the trees.
Hachi: Yeah, each of the 79 trees have a number assigned to them.
Hachi: The closest grove, grove 44, is the civilian entrance, so let's take the ship a little closer.
Luffy: Now that we're seeing them up-close, those roots really are huge, huh?
Chopper: They're pitch-black inside...
Brook: Incredible...
Brook: Is that a bridge?
Hachi: Yeah.
Hachi: That's how each of the islands are connected.
Brook: Oh, I see...
Hachi: Alright, we're here!
Hachi: This is grove 41.
Hachi: This is where we're dropping anchor.
Luffy: I'm setting foot on it first!
Hachi: Alright everyone, don't forget the number here!
Hachi: Like I said earlier...
Hachi: All of the islands are connected via bridges...
Hachi: So if you remember the number, you won't get lost.
Usopp: Even then, there is one guy who'll get lost, right?
Chopper: There is.
Zoro: Huh, what?
Zoro: What is it?!
Luffy: One popped out from the ground!
Luffy: That's really funny!
Chopper and Usopp: Awesome!
Luffy: I got on it!
Usopp: It's not popping, huh?
Chopper: That's really nice!
Robin: Those soap-bubbles really are mysterious.
Robin: How do they work?
Pappagg: The roots of these Yarukiman Mangroves...
Pappagg: secrete a unique kind of resin.
Robin: Oh, no!
Robin: This is all sticky.
Usopp: Don't wipe it off!
Pappagg: So, when the trees "breathe out", the resin is blown out as well, and forms these soap-bubbles.
Chopper: I see...
Chopper: So that's why they're all floating into the sky?
Usopp: So all of this is actually natural?
Luffy: Hey!
Usopp: Huh?
Usopp: Hey, Luffy!
Usopp: When did you get up there?!
Luffy: I can see an amusement park over there!
Luffy: Let's go!
Luffy: Let's ride the ferris wheel!
Chopper: An amusement park?
Caimie: That's the Sabaody Park.
Caimie: How nice...
Caimie: The ferris wheel...
Caimie: Riding on that is my dream.
Chopper: Your dream?
Chopper: Why can't you ride it?
Pappagg: Don't be ridiculous!
Pappagg: You can't do that, Caimie!
Caimie: Yeah, I know...
Chopper: I want to ride it too, but I guess I can't...
Luffy: So high~!
Luffy: W-What?
Luffy: They just suddenly broke?!
Caimie: Luffy-chin!
Caimie: This is terrible!
Caimie: Are you alright?!
Sanji: He's fine, Caimie-chan.
Sanji: You don't have to worry about him.
Luffy: Wow, I'm beat!
Sanji: See?
Nami: By the way, Hachi...
Nami: What's our goal on this island?
Nami: You said something about coating for the ship earlier, didn't you?
Hachi: We have to find a coating mechanic, and have him coat your ship with this resin!
Hachi: Simply put, that will enable your ship to travel under the sea!
Franky: Seriously?
Hachi: That's the only way humans can reach Fishman Island.
Hachi: However, if you get an amateur to do it...
Hachi: The ship, and the humans riding it, would be crushed by the water-pressure.
Hachi: I know one mechanic who's trustworthy, so I'm gonna take you to him.
Brook: Octopus-san, you are such a nice fellow for helping us so much...
Brook: Ah, he is a nice octopus!
Hachi: In exchange...
Hachi: I'd like you to make just a single promise to me.
Luffy: Sure, what is it?
Hachi: Once we enter the city, we might run into the World Nobles walking around there.
Chopper: World Nobles?
Luffy: Who are they?
Robin: The citizens of the Holy Land, Mariejoa.
Luffy: And, what about them?
Hachi: No matter what might happen in the city...
Hachi: I want you to promise that you won't lay a hand on the World Nobles!
Nami: No matter what...?
Sanji: What do you...?
Hachi: Got it?
Hachi: Even if someone were to be killed...
Hachi: Right before your very eyes...
Hachi: Just pretend you didn't see anything!
Hachi: I'll say it one more time...
Hachi: Just pretend you didn't see anything!
Luffy: There are so many things I've never seen before here!
Chopper: A guy with a soap-bubble on his head is coming here!
Luffy: There's a dog with a soap-bubble, too!
Hachi: Not good!
Hachi: Everyone, bow down to them!
Hachi: Don't make eye-contact with them!
Luffy: Tyranny!
Luffy: The Rulers of Sabaody, the Celestial Dragons
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
