Ace: I won't lose to anyone!
Ace: And I...
Sabo: I want to become stronger!
Sabo: I'll become much, much stronger!
Sabo's father: Listen close, Sabo.
Sabo's father: You must acquire intelligence and manners that befit a noble.
Sabo's father: You have to grow up to be a man who can marry into the royal family.
Sabo's mother: If you do that, our family's status will be secured!  And you will be happy!
Sabo: Can I really become happy by marrying a girl from the royal family?
Sabo's father: It's true.
Sabo's mother: That's right, Sabo.
Sabo: Sure!
Sabo: I'll do my best!
Sabo's father: What?!
Sabo's father: The cargo ship sank?!
Sabo's father: I don't care about the lives of the crew!
Sabo's father: I had to pay a lot for that cargo,\Nwhat are you going to do about that?!
Sabo's father: Hello?  Hello?!
Sabo's father: Damn it!
Sabo's father: This is a huge loss!
Sabo: Dad!
Sabo: Look at this!  I drew it!
Sabo's father: I'm tired from work, Sabo.
Sabo's father: If you have time to draw a picture like this, then do some more studying in your room!
Royal snob: Hey, you.
Royal snob: I'm a child of the royal family,\Nthat means I'm related to the king!
Royal snob: Carry me home on your back.
Royal snob: Wait, you insolent filth!
Royal snob: Hey!  Are you ignoring an order from royalty?!
Sabo: What are you doing?!
Royal snob: You're just the son of a noble!
Royal snob: I'll teach you a lesson!
Sabo: Don't!
Royal bitch: To think that he'd hurt the son of royalty...
Royal bitch: He's done something completely unforgivable!
Sabo's mother: S-Sabo!  Did you really get into a fight with this royal son?
Sabo: Yeah, and he really hurt me...
Sabo: But that's because he pulled a knife on m-
Sabo's mother: I am so sorry!  I hope he's not hurt at all?
Sabo's mother: I am really, really sorry!
Sabo's mother: Let's take him to see a doctor right away!
Sabo's mother: Please, don't tell anyone about this...
Sabo's father: I heard that sometimes you leave the house and run off somewhere.
Sabo's father: I don't like to consider it...
Sabo's father: but you must never go near the Gray Terminal.
Sabo's father: We're nobles, we live in High Town with the king and royals.  The people who live in the trash...
Sabo's father: are from a completely inferior world!
Man: What, you're here again?
Man: If you keep loitering around here,
Man: I don't know how long it'll be before you're stripped and killed.
Sabo: Let me hear your stories today too!
Sabo: The ones about all the different countries you've seen and visited across the sea!
Man: You sure are one weird kid!
Man: Well, alright.  Sit down.
Sabo: Sure!
