Note: Emporio Face-Growth Hormone
Note: Great Scissors
Man: Whitebeard has...
Whitebeard: One Piece...
Whitebeard: does exist!
Jinbe: Ace-san... Old Man... \NI was unable to help either of you...
Jinbe: At the very least... I will save Luffy-kun...
Buggy: I failed!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy, now's your chance!
Prisoner: Hurry and take Whitebeard's head!
Prisoner: You should be able to cross this chasm, no problem!
Buggy: Will you shut up?!
Buggy: Just blindly rushing in there won't do us any good!
Buggy: It's all about the timing!
Buggy: These guys talk like it was the easiest thing in the world...
Blackbeard: In other words, you can't create any more earthquakes!
Prisoner: I see!  You knew this would happen, and were just waiting for it!
Prisoner: We'll help you too!
Buggy: Uh, wait a sec...
Prisoner: Go, Captain Buggy!
Buggy: N-N-No, wait a second, you guys...
Blackbeard: That hurt!
Blackbeard: Damn it...
Buggy: How can a dying old man be capable of all that?!
Buggy: No... That's just because he's the legendary man, Whitebeard...
Buggy: I was too scared, and couldn't even approach him!
Buggy: I was afraid!
Buggy: Whitebeard... He was scary in his prime, and he's still scary when he's dead!
Ace: Jinbe... If I end up dying like this...
Ace: I hate to ask, but please take care of my brother...
Jinbe: I might have to refuse that request, Ace-san...
Jinbe: You mustn't overestimate me.
Jinbe: I'm not that kind-hearted.
Jinbe: He might be your brother, but in the world of pirates...
Jinbe: I will not lend a hand to anyone I don't think highly of, nor will I protect them.
Jinbe: Even now, my way of thinking has not changed.
Jinbe: Ace-san, it's not because he's your little brother...
Jinbe: I've grown to respect Luffy-kun...
Jinbe: And that is why...
Hancock: Hurry, Jinbe!  You must tend to Luffy's injuries!
Ivankov: Ever since Impel Down...
Ivankov: the damage that Straw-Hat-boy has taken, both physically and mentally,
Ivankov: has long since gone past its limits!
Coby: Even though Luffy's brother and Whitebeard are dead, this war still isn't over?!
