Location: Building C - Underground Garbage Dump
Luffy's Group
Name Board: Momonosuke (Dragon)
Location: Biscuits Room
On screen text: Several Days Later
Location: Building B, 2nd Floor - Inner Area, Corridor To The Examination Room
Location: Building D - SAD Manufacturing Room
Location: Building B - Near the Biscuits Room
Location: Building B, 3rd Floor - Biscuits Room
Luffy: Heave, ho!
Luffy: I tore him in half!  Sorry!
Kin'emon: Pooh- Am I free now?
Random girl: We're getting fed now.  Aren't you gonna eat?
Momonosuke: Silence!  I have no need for food!
Momonosuke: I am a samurai.  I do not accept charity from others.
Random boy: I have your food here.
Momonosuke: I told you I have no need of it!
Random boy: You should eat something. We've all left our parents behind.
Momonosuke: As if any of you could understand my feelings!
Random girl: We should get alo-
Caesar: I am Master Caesar.
Caesar: Now, go inside.
Caesar: From now on, this will be your playground.
Random boy 2: Wow, so many giant kids!
Random boy 2: Are they sick as well?
Caesar: Just leave everything to me.  I will definitely cure you all.
Doran: Welcome.
Mocha: Let's all be friends.
Don't know who: Thank you.
Random giant boy 2: Hey, what's your name?
Momonosuke: I have... no name!
Mocha: Here are some snacks.
Mocha: Help yourself.
Momonosuke: I have no need of them!
Mocha: How about some candy?
Momonosuke: I have no need of it!
Yellow suit guy: What?  One of the kids has escaped?!
Yellow suit guy 2: Yeah, but according to the name list,\Nthere's no one missing.
Yellow guy 3: That's weird.
Yellow suit guy: Anyway, let's split up and search for him.
Momonosuke: Where is the passage out of this place?
Random girl: Hey you.
Random girl: You're the one who was on the ship with us.
Random girl: Do you remember me?
Random girl: Hmm, so you're Momonosuke-kun?
Random girl: This is the secret room.\NYou're not supposed to be in here.
Momonosuke: Stop interacting with me.  You are causing me trouble.
Random girl: Why?
Momonosuke: Because...
Momonosuke: There is no reason.
Momonosuke: I am searching for a way out.
Momonosuke: I am getting out of here.\NThere is something that I need to do.
Random girl: It must be hard, but it's the same for all the kids here.
Random girl: They all want to go home to their parents\Nas soon as possible.
Random girl: We've gathered from different islands to get our disease treated.  We all feel the same way.
Random girl: I have a lot of things I want to do when I go home too.
Random girl: Everyone gets along\Nand has heaps of fun in the Biscuits Room.
Random girl: We can forget about all the painful stuff.
Random girl: So you have to eat properly too, Momonosuke!
Momonosuke: But I...
Random Yellow suit 2: What is it?
Random girl: Oh no!  Someone's coming!  Let's go, Momonosuke-kun!
Random Yellow suit: The door to the secret room is open.
Random girl: Hurry up!
Momonosuke: D-Don't worry about me. Just go on ahead!
Random Yellow suit: Is someone in here?
Random Yellow suit 2: What's going on?
Random Yellow suit: Who's that?
2 Random yellow suits: A-A dragon?!
2 Random yellow suits: What's going on?
2 Random yellow suits: I don't know.
Random girl: M-Momonosuke-kun has...
Random Yellow suit: Look at this.
Random Yellow suit: The artificial Devil Fruit that Vegapunk made\Nwas inside this case.
Random Yellow suit 2: Wasn't that a failed experiment?
Random yellow suit: Yeah, that's what I heard.
Momonosuke: My chest really hurts,\Nas if my heart is about to explode.
Momonosuke: And I cannot seem to run like I normally do.  Why?
Caesar: Another bunch of well-behaved, obedient kids!
Caesar: And the other kids are growing quite nicely.
Caesar: But, this experiment tests\Nthe limits of tolerance to this drug.
Caesar: They won't last much longer.
Caesar: All of them will probably be dead within five years.
Caesar: Then we'll have to gather some more kids.
Caesar: But then again,\Nthere are failures in every experiment.
Caesar: It's an unavoidable sacrifice.
Caesar: At least they'll be useful to the world,
Caesar: by assisting Master Caesar Clown, the world's number one scientist.
Caesar: A happy life is a happy life, even if it's short!
Mocha: Here are some snacks.
Mocha: Help yourself.
Random girl: It must be hard, but it's the same for all the kids here.
Random girl: They all want to go home to their parents\Nas soon as possible.
Momonosuke: Get a hold of yourself!
Law: Smoker.
