TL Note: Kage: Shadow
Blackbeard: If I knew it'd be like this,\Nwe would've stolen a warship at Marineford.
Burgess: We're all attached to that old raft though.
Shiliew: I'm saying that you are too careless!  In everything you do.
Pizarro: Put me in command!\NI'll take over as captain for you, Teach.
Lafitte: I'm gonna kill you.  We are the Blackbeard Pirates.
Doc Q: Heaven already knows the fate of all.
Vasco Shot: We're almost out of booze.\NCan't we go to an island with a city on it soon?
Catarina Devon: I agree.  Though rather than a ship, I'd like some nice clothes.
Moriah: Who put you up to this?  Sengoku?!
Doflamingo: Nah...
Doflamingo: Someone above him.
Man: Hey!  What is that creature?
Man: It must be the Abominable Snowman!
Man: He's dangerous!  Hurry and take the children inside!
Man: Guns!  Somebody bring guns!
Man: Kill it!  Get out of here, you damn monster!
Man: Don't let it get near the village!  Hurry and bring it down!
Man: It's the Abominable Snowman!
Man: Kill it!
Man: Don't let it get away!
Man: Take it down!
Chopper: Skull?
Hiluluk: This is a symbol of conviction that defies the impossible!
Hiluluk: With this flag raised, I will fight like a pirate!
Hiluluk: Pirates are great!  There are countless unbelievable people out at sea!
Hiluluk: Chopper, you should go out to sea someday, too!
Hiluluk: If you go out to sea, you'll realize just how insignificant your own troubles are!
Hiluluk: Compared to the rest of the world, the island you were born on is as small as this!
Chopper: Really?!
Hiluluk: No, smaller!  This one country is as small as this!
Hiluluk: It's true!
Hiluluk: Your future lies beyond that ocean!
Luffy: Hey!  Let's be pirates together!
Chopper: Sure, I do want to be a pirate, but...
Chopper: I can't join a crew of humans!
Chopper: I'm a monster!
Chopper: I can't join your crew!
Chopper: So...
Chopper: So I've just come to thank you...
Chopper: I'm... grateful to you guys.
Chopper: Thank you... for inviting me...
Chopper: I'm staying here, but...
Chopper: If you ever feel like it...
Chopper: then feel free to come visit us-
Luffy: Shut up!
Luffy: Let's go!!!
Luffy: Chopper!
Luffy: Chopper!
Luffy: Chopper!
