Until I can reach the sky,
I believe, until the next tomorrow, hey
Getting lost in the darkness and uncovering the mystery.
Stopping when you can't see the destination.
Umm you and me, yes it feels good, let's share the world.
Guiding me, I feel the beat, I start walking towards it, oh yeah.
Share the music, anytime.
Share the one dream and believe in each other.
Share the good times holding hands.
I'll keep going until I can reach the sky.
Let's overcome it now, I believe in the next tomorrow yeah yeah...
Chasing and being chased on top of Mobius' ring.
Getting closer and facing forward, hey I want to share your style.
It begins, it expands, this flavor that exceeds imagination
I feel so good throughout my body, I will become free, oh yeah
Share the music, even if it's far.
Share the one dream, by telling each other.
Share the good times and laugh.
I'll keep going until I can reach the sky.
Let's overcome it now, I believe in the next tomorrow yeah yeah...
You were waiting there on the other side of the invisible wall.
I'll be there soon, I believe in one world yeah yeah...
Sharlia: Stop trying to resist!
Usopp: Damn it...!
Sharlia: Now die.
Rayleigh: I wanted\N to meet you, Monkey D. Luffy!
Man 1: Something terrible has happened!
Man 1: This town's in trouble...
Man 1: no, the entire archipelago is in trouble!
Man 2: Straw Hat Luffy beat up a Celestial Dragon!
Man 2: In Grove 1's auction house!
Man 3: What?!
Man 2: It seems like Kid and Law are in there, too!
Man 4: How could that Straw Hat do something like this?!
Man 5: Doesn't he know that a navy admiral will come here with a warship if he hurts the Celestial Dragons?!
Bege: How's the ship-coating coming along?
Pirate: It was finished yesterday.
Bege: We're setting off for Fishman Island right now.
Bege: Do you really think I'd stick around when an admiral is on the way?
Pirate: Understood!
Pirate 1: Captain, let's get going!
Pirate 2: We've been here for too long.
Bonney: The captain of that moron's crew is an even bigger moron!
Bonney: If I ever come across those guys in the New World, I'll crush them!
Urouge: To think that they'd cause an uproar so close to Navy HQ, right before they reach the New World...
Urouge: What a troublesome crew.
Drake: Prepare to set sail.
Pirate: Yes, right away, Captain Drake!
Drake: Now, who's gonna show up?
Apoo: With the situation as it is, they're not gonna hunt us all down, right?
Apoo: They're only after Straw Hat Luffy, right?
Apoo: I think I'd like to have a look at this admiral guy.
Pirate: You can't mean that, Apoo-san!
Pirate: Don't say stuff like that; let's run!
Pirate 2: Captain Hawkins, it's dangerous to stick around here!
Pirate 2: Let's hurry up and set sail!
Hawkins: Calm down.
Hawkins: I do not see my death coming today.
Sengoku: That brat again?
Sengoku: It's just one thing after another...
Sengoku: What is with that family?!
Marine: According to our information, it's not just the Straw Hat crew, but Eustass "Captain" Kid and his crew...
Marine: as well as Trafalgar Law and his crew.
Marine: In all, 13 bounty-heads have been seen.
Marine: Five of them are rookies with bounties over 100 million.
Marine: Of course, we're going after Monkey D. Luffy, who intentionally hurt a Celestial Dragon.
Marine: We can't get contact with anyone from the Human Shop... eh, "Employment Stability Office,"
Marine: so they've probably all been beaten.
Marine: Anyway, taking three of the Celestial Dragons as hostages...
Marine: is an unpreceeded act of hostility.
Sengoku: Do they have any demands?
Marine: No, they haven't made any yet.
Kizaru: Well, in any case, they did hurt one of the World Nobles,
Kizaru: so there's no way we wouldn't take action, right, Sengoku-san?
Sengoku: Kizaru...
Kizaru: I guess I'll go... I'll be right back.
Kizaru: Do not worry...
Disco: This is nothing to laugh at, is it?!
Disco: This is your shop, right, Mister Doflamingo?!
Disco: Where are you right now?
Disco: Nobody's gonna trust this store anymore...
Disco: after what happened to Rosward's family!
Disco: I'm sure he's gonna run us out of business!
Disco: Can't you help us?!
Doflamingo: Hey, you...
Doflamingo: Human trade is old news already, idiot!
Doflamingo: This is the age of smiles, you see, smiles!
Doflamingo: Disco, just keep that store of yours,
Doflamingo: and don't contact me again.
Disco: What?!
Disco: In this terrible situation, you're just abandoning us?!
Doflamingo: Be silent!
Doflamingo: You're such a pain...
Doflamingo: While you're sitting there, blaming me for your own misfortune...
Doflamingo: the New Age grows ever closer, Disco-kun.
Doflamingo: I'm... no, we are currently being called in by the navy for a mandatory gathering.
Doflamingo: How's this future sound to you, Disco-kun?
Doflamingo: The Whitebeard Pirates VS the Seven Warlords of the Sea!
Marine: Please get as far away from the building as possible!
Marine: No onlookers, please!
Marine: These people are dangerous!
Voice: But the slave I bought is still inside!
Marine: Have the mortar cannons arrived yet?
Marine 2: Yes, most of them...
Marine 2: We're quickly trying to get them ready.
Marine: Have you heard anything from HQ?
Marine 2: Admiral Kizaru is on his way...
Marine 2: But the troops coming first...
Marine: Those guys?
Marine: They're coming here?!
Marine 2: Yes, it certainly seems that way...
Rayleigh: I'm going to remove that collar now.
Rayleigh: Is that all right, young girl?
Pappagg: Hey, gramps!
Pappagg: Don't do anything reckless!
Pappagg: It's gonna explode!
Chopper: We've already seen what it's like when a slave's collar explodes!
Brook: That was horrible! Absolutely horrible!
Chopper: Is that really okay, Luffy?!
Usopp: Wait!
Usopp: Franky is looking for the keys now, right?
Usopp: We should just wait until he finds them!
Pappagg: That's right!
Pappagg: Please stop him, Straw Hat!
Franky: God damn it! It's not here either?
Franky: Damn!
Rayleigh: It's all right.
Rayleigh: Stay still.
Zoro: I don't understand what kind of power he used,
Zoro: but I can definitely see that he's not your average old man.
Sanji: And so it's just okay to leave Caimie-chan to him?!
Sanji: What is that Franky doing?!
Pappagg: Stop!
Pappagg: If we don't have the key, we can't get it off!
Pappagg: It's ticking!
Pappagg: What should we do?!
Pappagg: Stop! Please stop it!
Pappagg: Caimie!
Franky: Wait for me! I'm coming now!
Franky: What?!
Franky: H-hey! What just happened?!
Pappagg: I can't say it!
Pappagg: Caimie has...!
Franky: What the hell? Scaring me shitless!
Franky: She doesn't have a collar or chains anymore?
Nami: He got them off...
Pappagg: Caimie!
Pappagg: Caimie!
Pappagg: Thank goodness!
Franky: Hmph!
Franky: What the hell?
Franky: Look!
Franky: I finally found them and all...
Rayleigh: Oh, you found them?
Rayleigh: Quite impressive.
Rayleigh: But it's fine.
Rayleigh: Please carry this young girl out of here.
Caimie: Uh, umm...
Caimie: Thank you.
Franky: What the hell?
Franky: What's up with this situation?!
Franky: Who are you?
Usopp: What?
Usopp: What'd he do?
Usopp: That old guy just did something mysterious again!
Usopp: Just who is that old man?
Pappagg: Stop! Please stop it!
Usopp: He removed the collar off just with his hands?!
Franky: Hey, slaves!
Franky: All your buyers ran away.
Franky: You should make a run for it now while you have the chance!
Franky: Here!
Usopp: If that old man was the one who beat all these soldiers,
Usopp: then he must have used some sort of magic or sorcery, right?
Usopp: He's got to have some Devil Fruit powers!
Usopp: He said something about your straw hat, too...
Rayleigh: That straw hat really fits a fearless man like yourself.
Rayleigh: I wanted to meet you, Monkey D. Luffy!
Usopp: How do you know that guy, Luffy?
Luffy: I really don't know him!
Hachi: That was probably his "Willpower"...
Hachi: Though I don't really understand it myself...
Rayleigh: Sorry, you guys.
Rayleigh: You were just here to watch, right?
Rayleigh: Judging from how you handled that situation earlier, you aren't exactly pushovers, right?
Kid: Who'd have thought we'd run into such a big shot here?
Kid: That's the Dark King, Silvers Rayleigh, no doubt about it.
Kid: What's that legendary man doing here?
Rayleigh: I prefer to be called the old coater, Ray-san, around here.
Rayleigh: Please don't call me by that name.
Rayleigh: I'm an old man now.
Rayleigh: I'd like to live peacefully.
Rayleigh: You're not gonna die, right, Hachi?
Rayleigh: I always told you that you shouldn't walk around on this island...
Hachi: Sorry...
Rayleigh: Thanks a lot, you guys.
Rayleigh: You helped my friend out.
Luffy: So pops, why did you want to meet me?
Rayleigh: Let's save that for afterwards.
Rayleigh: First, we've got to get out of here.
Pirate: Seems like they've got us completely surrounded outside, Chief.
Marine: Criminals inside! Please release the Rosward family!
Marine: An admiral will be here shortly!
Marine: I'd imagine that it would be safer for you to just surrender.
Marine: You don't know what will happen otherwise, rookies!
Law: So they're not just dragging us into this,
Law: but they're totally treating us as if we were his accomplices, too...
Kid: I see that Straw Hat Luffy is every bit as crazy as the rumors said.
Kid: Not to complain, but I'm not gonna stick around to clash with an admiral.
Rayleigh: Yes, I can't use that power from before anymore, so I'm counting on you.
Rayleigh: It would be really troublesome if the navy found out who I am.
Kid: I have no intention of getting saved by some old man.
Kid: But the longer we stay, the more soldiers will come.
Kid: I'll be going on ahead.
Kid: As an extra favor, I'll save you guys.
Kid: I'll take care of the cleaning outside, so just relax!
Luffy: Like I said, I won't let you guys hog all the fun!
Kid: Shut up...
Luffy: I said I'll do it myself!
Law: Stop bickering already...
Kid: Really?
Luffy: Shut up! Just shut up, you two!
Law: You're so noisy...
Luffy: What did you say?!
Kid: Like I said, leave this to me!
Luffy: No! I'll do it!
Law: Don't order me around.
Kid: You don't get it, do you?
Law: You're the one who doesn't get it!
Luffy: All right!
Luffy: You guys, stand back!
Kid: Hey, are you listening to me?
Kid: I said that you two should stay away!
Law: Try to give me one more order, and I'll take you out first, Eustass!
Marine 1: Take aim!
Marine 2: All three of them are captains.
Marine 2: They all came out at once!
Marine 3: Monkey D. Luffy, worth 300 million!
Luffy: I'll go!
Marine 3: Eustass "Captain" Kid, worth 315 million!
Kid: Leave it to me!
Marine 3: Trafalgar Law, worth 200 million!
Law: Try it, if you want to get hurt. For this place...
All three of them: I'm more than enough!
Marine: All three of them have bounties easily exceeding 100 million!
Nami: Man, those guys are so simple-minded!
Usopp: Hey! They're gonna cause a huge uproar!
Usopp: Let's run while we still can!
Usopp: We can't just wait around here!
Caimie: Hacchin...
Caimie: Thank you.
Caimie: This is all my fault. I'm sorry!
Hachi: Never mind me.
Hachi: As long as you're safe, that's enough for me.
Pappagg: Caimie, it's my fault that you got into this mess.
Pappagg: I let you go to the amusement park...
Caimie: No, going to the amusement park is something I'll always remember.
Caimie: You don't have to apologize, Pappagg!
Pappagg: Straw Hat said the same thing...
Luffy: What are you saying?
Luffy: I never thought that this was your fault!
Luffy: You three are my friends now!
Luffy: No matter what happens, I'll definitely save Caimie!
Luffy: So don't cry anymore!
Caimie: Luffy-chin...
Zoro: Let's follow them!
Zoro: We'll break right through.
Rayleigh: Well then, if we get separated, meet me at Grove 13.
Zoro: 13, huh?
Zoro: Right, I got it.
Usopp: You DEFINITELY didn't get it!
Rayleigh: Giant-kun! What about you?
Giant: I'll escape together with the other slaves.
Rayleigh: I see.
Rayleigh: Be careful so you don't stand out!
Giant: Old man! Straw Hat crew!
Giant: If we meet again someday, I'll definitely return the favor!
Giant: Thank you!
Slaves: Thank you so much!
Usopp: Sure, don't mention it!
Chopper: You're saying that?!
Marine: Fire the mortars!
Marine: What's up with this sphere?
Marine-head: He killed me!
Marine: Wait, WHAT?!
Marines: Be careful!
Marines: These three have Devil Fruit powers!
Marine: Our main priority is to save the hostages!
Marine: Concentrate the troops in this area!
Marine: Same with the mortar cannons!
Marines: Ready to fire!
Marine-head: Wait! Please, wait!
Kid: Keep your hands out of this, you two!
Kid: You'll just get in my way.
Law: Didn't I tell you?
Law: If you tried to order me around...
Luffy: Leave it to me!
Marine: Fire! Shoot him!
Kid: He stretched?!
Law: What's with that strange ability?
Kid: What are you doing?!
Marine-head: I thought I was gonna die...
Luffy: Sorry!
Kid: Straw Hat, you really are insane!
Marine: Start with Straw Hat Luffy!
Marine: Charge!
Marine: Shoot! Shoot him!
Marine: Now!
Marine: Don't just stand there!
Marine: Get him!
Marine: Don't hesitate! Fire!
Luffy: Oh, crap!
Luffy: That was close!
Marine: Now, charge!
Luffy: What the...?
Marine 1: Toward himself...?
Marine 2: Does he want to die?
Marine: Impossible! Are these guys really rookies?
Marine: Isn't Admiral Kizaru here yet?!
Marine 2: Yes! I think he should be here soon, but reinforcements from the nearest outpost just arrived.
Marine-head: Wait!
Marine-head: What's going on here?! Save me!
Law: Good grief...
Law: There are even more of them than I thought.
Luffy: You guys sure have some weird powers!
Kid: Yours is the strangest of all.
Luffy: Really?
Chopper: Watch out!
Chopper: Swords are flying around?!
Brook: Incredible!
Brook: The marines are being broken apart and are flying around?!
Chopper: Their weapons are flying around, too!
Chopper: What's going on?!
Brook: I don't believe my eyes!
Brook: Though I have no eyes...
Brook: Kid-san and Law-san both have Devil Fruit-powers?!
Luffy: This is getting really interesting!
Luffy: Break Through the Encirclement!
Luffy: The Navy VS the Three Captains
Luffy: I'm gonna be the pirate king!
