[Toriko 51 Translation by Kewl0210]
Translation\n\n\n\nkewl0210
Editing\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nKoolKidsK
Hugh_Jasss
Timing\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoshu-sama
Typesetting\n\n\n\n\n\nrtrs
Karaoke\n\n\n\nThunderEmperor
Encode\n\n\n\nmax80
QC\n\n\n\nMistral[sA]
prefix-
Distro\n\n\n\nkokus
Kittie
prefix-
Title: The Reunion of Toriko and Luffy!
Title: Find the Seafood Fruit!
Komatsu: The Haru Sharks really aren't biting.
Toriko: Don't be in a rush, Komatsu. This is only the third day.
Toriko: Remember, Haru Shark Soup is insanely delicious.
Toriko: I'm lookin' forward to it.
Toriko: Komatsu.
Komatsu: Yes?
Toriko: It's here.
Komatsu: To-Toriko-san!
Toriko: This is a big one!
Komatsu: Yeah.
Komatsu: There it is!
Toriko: It's the Haru Shark!
Komatsu: Yeah!
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145
Sign: Haru Shark (Harusame) (Fish) Capture Level - 10
Komatsu: Toriko-san, it's glistening brilliantly!
Toriko: That means it's carrying tons of eggs!
Toriko: I give thanks to all of the ingredients in this world.
Toriko: Itadakimasu!
Komatsu: The Knocking worked!
Komatsu: You really did it.
Toriko: Let's hurry back and cook it up, Komatsu!
Komatsu: Yep!
Toriko: What's wrong, Terry?
Komatsu: That can't be.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Luffy: Rocket!
T/N: ( Gomu Gomu no Rocket = Rubber Rubber Rocket )
Luffy: All right!
Luffy: Ahh, that surprised me.
Komatsu: We're the ones who're surprised!
Komatsu: What're you doing, Luffy-san?!
Luffy: Oh? If it ain't Toriko and Komatsu?
Luffy: It's really been a while.
Toriko: Yeah. Well, you certainly seem as spirited as ever.
Komatsu: Why were you inside the Haru Shark?
Luffy: Huh? This guy?
Luffy: He's...
Luffy: Oh yeah. You came at a good time.
Luffy: I've got a favor to ask.
Komatsu: Chopper-san is sick?!
Chopper: I caught a disease sailors get while on long voyages, Deep Sea Fever.
Komatsu: Deep Sea Fever?
Chopper: Yeah. It's an illness that makes you gradually colder and colder like the water of the deep sea
Chopper: and then you turn blue like the ocean.
Nami: And it seems we need a Seafood Fruit in order to cure him.
Toriko: Seafood Fruit, huh?
Usopp: We heard it grows in the ocean,
Usopp: and Luffy jumped into the sea without thinking 'bout the consequences.
Komatsu: So... He was eaten by a Haru Shark?
Usopp: Yeah.
Toriko: Toriko, do you know where we could find a Seafood Fruit?
Toriko: I've heard of it before.
Toriko: The Seafood Fruit is on an island overflowing with Chinese food,
Toriko: Touchuuka Island.
TL Note: ( Touchuuka = Eastern China. "Touchuu" alone can mean "all over the island". )
Sanji: Touchuuka Island?
Toriko: It's an island of the idea "food and medicine have the same source", where many ingredients that are good for your body are located.
T/N: ( That proverb is traditionally Chinese and was later adapted to Japanese. It's basis of the idea of Chinese Food Therapy. )
Toriko: The Seafood Fruit is a legendary fruit said to be packed full of the essence of spiny lobster,
Toriko: snapper, puffer fish, and all different kinds of seafood.
Toriko: I want to eat some of it, too!
Luffy: Okay! Let's head off to Touchuuka Island!
Guys: Yeah!
Luffy: Is that Touchuuka Island?
Toriko: Yeah. No doubt about it.
Toriko: It's overflowing with the smells of good ingredients.
Usopp: Hey, that looks like a man-made building over there.
Usopp: Walls?
Toriko: There were humans here long ago.
Toriko: But they were chased out.
Toriko: The ingredients living on that island can be made into medicine.
Toriko: A great number of humans took up residence here in order to obtain them.
Toriko: But those humans themselves were seen as the most harmful creatures by the island's native monsters,
Toriko: and were chased out, it seems.
Komatsu: Are you doing okay, Chopper-san?
Komatsu: Maybe you should stay back on the boat.
Chopper: I'm the only one who's seen images of what the Seafood Fruit looks like at the Torino Kingdom library.
Chopper: Toriko says he's never seen it either.
Usopp: Chopper.
Brook: Will they be all right?
Franky: All we can do is wait and see.
Brook: That smells good.
Usopp: What're you making, Sanji?
Sanji: Haru Shark Soup.
Usopp: Looks tasty!
Sanji: The only thing I can do to help out is to have some warm food ready for Chopper when he gets back.
Usopp: Sanji...
Franky: Are you trying to make us cry?!
Brook: I'm so moved, I'm getting misty eyed.
Brook: Even though I don't have any eyes.
Sanji: Don't let it beat you, Chopper.
Chopper: So cold...
Komatsu: Chopper-san, your face!
Chopper: Eh? How's it look?
Komatsu: The blue areas are spreading.
Nami: Chopper.
Chopper: I told you, I'll get blue like the sea.
Toriko: Nice one, Terry.
Nami: Ah! That scared me.
Luffy: What're these guys?
Both: Guys?
Nami: Th-There are tons of them!
Luffy: Awesome! They use kenpou?!
Toriko: These are KyuuKung Fu Birds.
T/N: (KyuuKung Fu Bird is a pun on "Kyuukanchou" meaning "Common Hill Myna" and "Kung Fu", the martial art. )
Nami: What's that?
Toriko: Normal hill myna's mimic voices,
Toriko: but these guys mimic movements.
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145
Sign: Kyuukung Fu Bird (Bird Beast) Est. Capture Level - 20
Komatsu: So they must've mimicked the kung fu of the humans that used to live here.
Nami: So they're just regular mocking birds?!
Luffy: Do they taste good?
Toriko: No, they're not edible.
Luffy: I see.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Fuusen!
T/N: ( Gomu Gomu no Fuusen = Rubber Rubber Balloon )
Luffy: Zoro, don't cut them.
Zoro: Whadda ya mean?
Luffy: It's Toriko's rule, right?
Toriko: Yeah. I don't take the lives of things I can't eat.
Zoro: Then here I go!
Zoro: That's some decent kung fu. But you still haven't had enough training.
Robin: Cien Fleur Spider Net!
T/N: ( Cien Fleur = 100 Flowers )
Robin: Calm down a bit, won't you?
Luffy: Gear Third!
Guys: Yummy!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Gigant Hae Tataki!
T/N: ( Gomu Gomu no Gigant Hae Tataki = Rubber Rubber Giant Flyswatter )
Komatsu: Amazing! I knew we could count on you, Luffy-san.
Luffy: So, you guys, still wanna fight?
Luffy: What?
Toriko: Looks like these guys want to become your disciples, Luffy.
Luffy: Disciples?
Zoro: These animals look kinda familiar.
Nami: The Kung Fu Dugongs in Alabasta, right?
Luffy: Okay! From now on, you guys are my disciples.
Luffy: Now lead me to your nest!
Nami: This is a nest?
Robin: It's clearly a man-made structure.
Robin: They seem to have taken up residence in the buildings left vacant by the humans.
Komatsu: So these are what the KyuuKung Fu Birds eat, huh?
Toriko: These are fish that have an elastic texture like lychee, Lychesturgeons.
Komatsu: These are the high-class ingredient said to sparkle like stars in the sea, Star Abalones.
Luffy: Isn't there any meat?
Toriko: Nope, only things from the sea.
Luffy: What?
Toriko: We're looking for the Seafood Fruit.
Toriko: Heard of it?
Komatsu: Looks like they haven't.
Robin: This is...
Komatsu: Chopper-san, I brought you some thin rice porridge.
Chopper: Sorry, Komatsu. I don't have any appetite.
Luffy: Mm! This is delicious!
Luffy: Komatsu, another bowl!
Komatsu: Sure, here!
Luffy: Yum!
Nami: It's true. The stock really works, it's great!
Komatsu: There's plenty more, if you want.
Komatsu: How about you, Toriko-san...?
Komatsu: What's wrong, Toriko-san?
Toriko: We're running out of time.
Toriko: Unless we find the Seafood Fruit soon,
Toriko: it'll be too late for Chopper.
Toriko: His body is getting bluer by the minute.
Toriko: Once it's turned completely blue, he'll...
Toriko: Which means we need to give it our all today with the time we have left.
Nami: No way...
Luffy: Chopper isn't gonna die!
Luffy: I'll find the Seafood Fruit no matter what!
Toriko: We don't have any time to waste.
Toriko: C'mon, let's get searching.
Komatsu: Right.
Robin: I found a stone monument a bit past here.
Nami: Robin.
Robin: And the inscription on it may be a clue.
Robin: "The fruit is born in the sea that floods the island."
Toriko: Sea that floods the island?
Komatsu: What could that mean?
Toriko: A sea... on the island?
Toriko: Where'd you find these Seashore Nunchucks?
Komatsu: Oh, those? I picked them up at a river a little while ago.
Toriko: That's it, Komatsu!
Toriko: The Seashore Nunchucks are in the sea.
Toriko: They don't grow in fresh water.
Nami: Then this river is...
Nami: salty!
Robin: The words "sea that floods" must have been referencing the mouth of the river on top of the mountain.
Toriko: This is...
Robin: By the looks of it, it's a flood gate.
Luffy: There's somebody strong here.
Toriko: Sure is. Somebody that's quiet, but holds an overwhelming strength.
Toriko: Maybe the master of this island.
Nami: We need to hurry or Chopper will...
Toriko: This guy is...
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145
Sign: Extract Panda (Mammal Beast) Capture Level - Unknown
Toriko: An Extract Panda!
Toriko: The sweat it perspires is said to be like a thick Chinese spice extract.
Zoro: Leave this guy to me, you guys go ahead.
Luffy: Gotcha!
Zoro: That's a pretty nice expression.
Luffy: This is more like a tunnel than a gate.
Nami: Incredible...
Nami: What's going on here?
Robin: It's almost like it's a reservoir.
Toriko: But all the fish swimming in it are saltwater ones.
Robin: Hey, look.
Komatsu: Ah, those fruit!
Komatsu: Chopper-san, are those Seafood Fruit?
Chopper: That's it. The Seafood Fruit.
Toriko: So those are the legendary Seafood Fruits?
Luffy: Okay, let's get picking!
Nami: Robin!
Luffy: What's that?!
Nami: Luffy, it got Robin!
Komatsu: Devil Fruit users can't go into water, right?!
Luffy: Yeah. If we go into the water our bodies lose their strength
Luffy: and we can't use our abilities either.
Luffy: Robin!
Toriko: That's the plant beast that dwells in the water, the Mangronve.
TL Note: ( The name is a pun on the Chinese pronunciation of "dragon" (ron) and "mangrove". The name is made up of kanji to make it look Chinese. )
Toriko: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145
Toriko: Mangronve (Plant Beast) Capture Level - Unknown
Toriko: I'd heard that the Mangronve had Chinese steamed bun-like fruits growing on it, but...
Toriko: I'd never have thought that was the Seafood Fruit.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Luffy: Gattling!
TL Note: ( Gomu Gomu no Gattling = Rubber Rubber Gattling (Gun) )
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Bazooka!
Komatsu: All right!
Luffy: Thanks, Toriko.
Toriko: It regenerated?
Luffy: What?
Toriko: This facility may have been built in order to give birth to Mangronves.
Toriko: The Mangronve takes nutrients from the rich sea water
Toriko: causing it to grow and evolve.
Toriko: The facility most likely condenses water from the sea in order to help the Mangronve evolve.
Luffy: Quit it with the water!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Luffy: Y-You bastard, that's dirty!
Toriko: Luffy!
Luffy: This is bad... I'm losing strength...
Toriko: Luffy!
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Nami: Toriko!
Chopper: Toriko...
Chopper: Robin...
Chopper: Luffy...
Chopper: For me...
Chopper: For me, you're...
Toriko: Don't cry Chopper.
Toriko: It's not just for you.
Toriko: Unless you get better, we won't be able to enjoy the food we've gone through so much to get.
Toriko: Food is something that tastes distinctly more delicious when eaten with others.
Toriko: Chopper, you're going to get better
Toriko: and we're all going to enjoy those fruits together.
Chopper: Toriko...
Toriko: Just leave it to us!
Luffy: I got out!
Robin: Treinta Fleur!
TL Note: ( Treinta Fleur = 30 Flowers )
Luffy: Robin!
Luffy: There!
Luffy: Hew!
Luffy: Are you okay?
Robin: Yeah.
Toriko: Let's finish this, Luffy.
Luffy: How about we do it in one shot, Toriko?
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Guys: All right!
Komatsu: Should be about time.
Komatsu: Okay, eat up, Chopper-san.
Komatsu: It's the Seafood Fruit.
Luffy: How do you feel, Chopper?
Nami: Chopper?
Choppy: Yummy!
Choppy: Incredible!
Choppy: I'm super warm and bubbly now!
Luffy: Glad to hear it, Chopper.
Chopper: Thank you so much, everyone.
Chopper: That was really tasty!
Zoro: Sounds like they settled things.
Komatsu: I'm so glad.
Chopper: So yummy!
Toriko: Didn't I tell you? Eating with everyone is the best, Chopper.
Chopper: Yeah, it is!
Brook: Oh. Sounds like a party.
Sanji: It looks like they managed to get Chopper back to health.
Sanji: That's a relief.
Usopp: Well, in that case, let's have a party of our own!
Franky: We haven't got any Haru Shark Soup left, though!
Sanji: Give it a rest, you guys!
Both: I'm stuffed!
Toriko: Okay, how about some dessert?
Luffy: Sure.
Nami: Wait, you can still eat? I can't believe it...
Komatsu: Huh?
Komatsu: Chopper-san? What's wrong?
Komatsu: Huh? Your body turned bright red!
Chopper: Komatsu... I wasn't cured... It was too late...
Komatsu: Chopper-san!
Tina: The Melk Stardust.
Tina: If it's for a kitchen knife, we climb!
Tina: 20,000 steps...
Tina: Climbing, again?!
Title: Shock!
Title: The Broken Knife and Sharpener Melk!
Title: Next time will be a heaping helping of fun, too!
Luffy&Toriko: There's still more to come!
Everyone: Chopper!
Title: Forming a Team!
Title: Save Chopper!
Komatsu: Isn't there anything we can do?
Toriko: Well, we don't know the cause...
Komatsu: Wh-Why is the Sunny here?!
Franky: We flew here with a Coup de Burst.
Franky: We heard from these guys that there was a sea in the middle of the island.
Toriko: Coco! Sani!
Toriko: Rin!
Toriko: Even Kiss!?
Rin: Toriko! I was so worried!
Toriko: Why're you guys here?
Coco: My fortune telling predicted that danger was approaching you guys.
Coco: I thought it meant Toriko or Komatsu-kun but...
Coco: It seems that I was wrong.
Sani: The Sunny? Yay!
Sani: Amazing!
Sani: That was some beaut'ful flying!
Sani: The Sunny has such a great name!
Sanji: We didn't talk much before so I didn't notice,
Sanji: but you're a pretty weird guy, ain'cha?
Sani: You're one to talk, with your curly eyebrow.
Sanji: What was that?!
Sanji: I don't wanna hear that from you!
Sani: What?!
Sani: Is this Deep Sea Fever?
Toriko: You know about it?
Sani: Yes. I heard of it in the city of healing, Life.
Sani: First, you get cold and turn blue like the deep sea.
Sani: And in the final stages, you turn red and warm like the sun shining in the sky.
Sani: The peak is at sunrise.
Sani: Death comes together with the rising sun.
Komatsu: Sunrise? We've only got a few hours left!
Komatsu: This is really bad!
Sani: Well, there is a way to save him. The legendary fruit, the Seafood Fruit...
Luffy: We tried that already.
Coco: Just eating the fruit isn't enough.
Coco: Spring, summer, autumn, winter.
Coco: You need to gather the four legendary ingredients of each season and eat them together.
Nami: Legendary ingredients of each season?
Coco: Yes. Of them, the one said to be most difficult to capture is...
Coco: the one that blooms in Spring, the Mango Quince.
Toriko: Mango Quince?
Toriko: The sweet quince flower that tastes like mango pudding.
Toriko: It's also called the notifier of spring's arrival, Spring Pudding.
Toriko: I've heard its sweetness blows away fatigue and it's an excellent nutritional fortifier.
Toriko: I wanna eat it!
Komatsu: Toriko-san, you're drooling!
Nami: Blooms in spring?! Hang on a sec!
Nami: Does that mean we have to go to a Spring Island and a Winter Island now?
Nami: There's no way we can do that in a few hours!
Coco: Don't worry. This is the island of food and medicine, Touchuuka Island.
Coco: Let's go see if the legend about this island is true!
Zoro: Are they really gonna be in a place like this?
Zoro: The four ingredients?
Coco: Do you feel it, too, Terry?
Coco: As I expected, I can sense strong electromagnetic waves coming from this area.
Coco: Toriko! I'm certain this is the spot!
Toriko: Okay! I just need to get it out from under the ground!
Toriko: This is...
Luffy: Awesome!
Luffy: It's a giant mushroom tower!
Coco: I see. Mush Room, huh?
Sanji: Mushroom?
Coco: Mush Room is split into rooms like a tower, and each floor differs in season.
Sign: Winter
Sign: Autumn
Sign: Summer
Sign: Spring
Toriko: Okay. So you're saying we just need to get the seasonal ingredients on each floor, right?
Nami: Why was something like this in the ground?
Sani: This island...
Sani: its name is written as "a China island with a tower in it",
Sani: and is read as Touchuuka Island.
TL Note: ( "Tou" in the name can also mean "tower" and "chuu" can also mean "inside". )
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145
Sign: Touchuuka Island (Tou (塔) - island, chuu (中) - inside, chuuka (中華) - China)
Sani: This tower is the keystone of the island; its center.
Brook: But these people are certainly quite well informed about food ingredients.
Brook: Truly reliable!
Komatsu: Toriko-san, Coco-san, and Sani-san
Komatsu: are charismatic Bishokuya known as the Gourmet Four Heavenly Kings.
Brook: Four Heavenly Kings, eh?
Brook: Is there one other fellow not here?
Toriko: That's because Zebra is in jail right now.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Pistol!
Luffy: Nami, you take care of Chopper!
Nami: Right! With these guys here, I'll be fine! Leave it to me!
Luffy: Okay, let's go!
Guys: Right!
Luffy: So hot!
Toriko: It's like we're in the tropics! So this is the Summer Floor?
Usopp: But why's it so bright without even having any windows?
Coco: Ah, that's due to the Lightshrooms growing on the walls.
Toriko: You okay, Komatsu?!
Komatsu: Compared to Chopper-san's fever, this much heat is nothing!
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145
Sign: Torabanjyan (Mammal Beast) Capture Level - 29
TL Note: ( A pun on "tora" meaning "tiger" and "toubanjyan" meaning a kind of Chinese broad bean chili paste. )
Komatsu: A-A beast popped up!
Toriko: Oh, a Torabanjyan, huh?
Toriko: You can get a full-bodied, thick and aged toubanjyan from them.
Coco: The Torabanjyan is the first ingredient.
Zoro: Oh?
Brook: We don't have time.
Brook: Perhaps we should consider splitting up the floors amongst us?
Rin: I agree with that!
Sani/Sanji: Then I'll head up!
Sani/Sanji: You, too?!
Luffy: You two sure get along well.
Both: No we don't!
Brook: Luffy-san and all of you! Just leave this floor to us!
Usopp: Nooo!! Why am I the only one it's chasing?!
Komatsu: Hup!
Komatsu: This is... the autumn floor?
Rin: Toriko, leave this place to me!
Both: I'll stay here, too!
Luffy: You guys seriously do get along.
Both: We're telling you, we don't!
Sanji: Quit copying me!
Sanji: I'm staying here with Rin-chan!
Sani: No, no...
Sani: I decided to stay here first.
Sani: I have an interest in the ingredients on this floor!
Franky: What kind of ingredients?
Franky: Sounds kinda interesting.
Toriko: Then we'll let you guys handle it!
Rin: Toriko! It seems like the food to capture on the next floor is sake!
Toriko: Got it, Rin!
Toriko: I'm counting on you for this floor!
Rin: Toriko's counting on me!
Franky: So what's supposed to show up?
Sani: Have you heard of unicorns?
Franky: Unicorns? The horses with a horn on their forehead?
Sani: Yes, they're beaut'ful!
Sani: The legendary horse overflowing with a sense of fantasy, the unicorn.
Sani: But the beast here is not a unicorn,
Sani: it's a horse with eight horns, an Octocorn!
Sani: I'm looking forward to it.
Rin: Do you mean that?
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145
Sign: Octocorn (a.k.a. 8-Horned Wild Boar) (Mammal Beast) Capture Level - 29
Sanji: It's got a star anise spice on its head.
Sanji: What is this thing?!
Sanji: It's totally different from from the image!
Sanji: That's just an idea you came up with on your own.
Luffy: So cold!
Toriko: It's got cold strong enough to match that heat!
Komatsu: It sure has...
Komatsu: But why is there wind indoors?
Toriko: There's probably warm air coming in somewhere
Toriko: and it's getting like this from convection.
Toriko: Is that the cause?
Komatsu: There!
Komatsu: There's something there!
Komatsu: An orangutan wearing clothes?
Komatsu: Did it learn human culture, too?!
Komatsu: It kinda looks like it's drunk, though.
Toriko: This smell... it's laojiu!
TL Note: ( A type of Chinese rice wine. )
Toriko: That's laojiu flowing out of that!
Toriko: It's a Laojiu Fountain!
Komatsu: So that's the third ingredient?
Toriko: Sorry, but could you share some of your sake with us?
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Luffy: Are you okay?!
Toriko: I get it. He's... the first one I've ever seen.
Toriko: An orangutan that loves laojiu,
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145
Sign: Laojiutan (Mammal Beast) Capture Level - 32
Toriko: A Laojiutan!
Luffy: So sake is its favorite food?
Luffy: Then it's not gonna share some with us too easily.
Toriko: Be careful. With those staggering movements, we won't be able to read his attacks.
Komatsu: It's like a drunken fist style.
Nami: Keep holding on, Chopper. Everyone will definitely be back with the ingredients.
Nami: There's no time left.
Nami: Dawn will break very soon.
Usopp: Guys!
Usopp: Stop standing there and catch this thing!
Coco: Simply capturing it won't be enough.
Coco: Unless the Torabanjyan is made to run quickly, you can't draw toubanjyan from it.
Zoro: It looks like its instincts told it you were the easiest one to target.
Zoro: So give that running all you've got.
Usopp: It turned into toubanjyan!
Robin: It seems all that running around made it melt.
Brook: You did it!
Coco: Good! Capture of the first ingredient, complete!
Usopp: Uh, yeah. That's what happens when you deal with me.
Franky: Franky Rocket Launcher!
Franky: It's got speed, too, huh?
Rin: It's pretty good.
Sani: I was looking forward to see just how incred'bly beaut'ful it was going to be...
Sani: But...
Sanji: Rin-chwaan! Are you okay?!
Sanji: I'm going to protect Rin-chan!
Sani: All my anticipation... You betrayed it!
Franky: It stopped moving.
Rin: Big Brother stopped it with Hair Lock!
Sanji: What? It looks like he finished it pretty easily.
Sani: The star anise is a little cute. But I'm not interested in the rest.
Rin: Sorry for all the trouble we caused because of Big Brother's expectations.
Rin: Okay, we'll be taking one of these!
Both: Okay, let's hurry out of here.
Franky: You know, you guys really do get along.
Both: We definitely do not!
Komatsu: Toriko-san! Luffy-san!
Toriko: That guy...
Luffy: It's so cold I can't move the way I want to!
Komatsu: The more it drinks, the stronger it gets.
Toriko: It's not just getting stronger because of the sake.
Toriko: It's also because of that leaf it's using as a cup!
Toriko: That's a Mango Quince leaf!
Komatsu: If there's a leaf here, that means...
Luffy: It's nearby?! The Mango Quince?
Toriko: Komatsu!
Luffy: This is bad.
Zebra: Don't get fuckin' cocky!
Luffy: What was that just now? It was awesome.
Toriko: It was Zebra.
Toriko: Zebra's Otodama!
TL Note: ( Otodama = Sound Bullet )
Toriko: He shot an Otodama all the way from prison!
Zebra: Entertain me a little more, Toriko.
Zebra: Take care of the rest!
Komatsu: This is the power of Heavenly King Zebra-san?
Toriko: With the air from outside coming in, it's gotten warmer!
Luffy: I can move so much easier now!
Komatsu: It became huge!
Komatsu: That's... could it be...
Komatsu: A Mango Quince flower?
Toriko: There's no doubt about it.
Luffy: Okay, I'm gonna take that!
Luffy: Wait for me, Chopper!
Luffy: Gear Third!
Luffy: Busoushoku Kouka!
TL Note: ( Busoushoku Kouka = Color of Armaments - Hardening )
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Elephant Gun!
Both: All right!
Komatsu: Amazing!
Komatsu: You beat the Laojiutan!
Luffy: This is a Mango Quince?
Komatsu: The flower isn't blooming?
Toriko: It looks like all the cold has kept it from opening.
Luffy: What should we do?!
Toriko: If we can hit it with a ray of light like the kind in spring...
Komatsu: Ray of light? You mean sunlight?
Luffy: If the sun rises...
Luffy: then we won't be able to save Chopper!
Luffy: What are on earth should we do?!
Toriko: Th-That's!
Luffy: Did the sun rise?
Toriko: No, that's...
Toriko: a school of Haru Sharks!
Luffy: Haru Shark? Like the one that ate me?
Toriko: Yeah. Haru Sharks are expensive sharks
Toriko: and that's where the name Haru Shark comes from,
TL Note: ( The phrase "Ne ga haru" means "expensive". It can also mean "spring" as in the season. )
Toriko: but during their spawning season, their bodies glow.
Toriko: They glow like spring sunlight, which is another reason they're called Haru Sharks.
Toriko: The light from that school rivals the warmth of the sun's light!
Komatsu: Yes. That's the Mango Quince!
Sani: B-Beaut'ful!
Toriko: Luffy, you've got quite a lot of ingredient luck, Food Luck, it looks like.
Toriko: To provide the ingredient you needed to cure Chopper, the Haru Shark appeared!
Komatsu: Seafood Fruit, a Torabanjyan's toubanjyan,
Komatsu: an Octocorn's star anise, laojiu from a Laojiu Fountain...
Komatsu: and a Mango Quince Flower....
Komatsu: It's done!
Komatsu: Seafood Fruit with a Four Seasons Golden Sauce!
Komatsu: Please eat some, Chopper-san.
Chopper: Yuuum!
Komatsu: Back to that again?
All: All right!
All: You're better!
Chopper: Everyone, thank you so, so much!
Chopper: I'll never forget what you did for me!
Luffy: Toriko, let's meet again someday!
Toriko: Yeah! We'll fill our bellies with delicious food again!
Toriko: Because eating food with your comrades is always exceptional!
Sanji: What's with that guy? It sorta looks like this goodbye is hard for him, for some reason.
All: Goodbye!
Sani: Take care!
Sani: Let's meet again, Sunny!
All: That's who?!
Lyrics: jitto dekinai tomarenai
Lyrics: I can't stand still, I can't stop
Lyrics: yoake ga osokute jirettai
Lyrics: Daybreak hasn't come yet and I can't wait
Lyrics: ichi, ni, SUNSHINE yon... We Go!
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine four... We Go!
Lyrics: hata wo ageyou BREAK OF ROMANCE DAWN
Lyrics: Fly the flag, Break of Romance Dawn
Lyrics: namikaze tateyou  suriipu kara no janpusutto
Lyrics: Make waves, jumpstart from your sleep
Lyrics: arienai sekai wo yuku nara
Lyrics: If you want to go to the unbelievable world
Lyrics: kimi no tafunesu sore ga hitsuyou
Lyrics: your toughness, that's what it takes
Lyrics: medachisugi sore tte tsumi?
Lyrics: Being brazen, is it a crime?
Lyrics: shimeitehai → tsumari WINNER（・∀・）
Lyrics: Wanted → means Winner (:D)
Lyrics: jiyou dakega ore tachi no ruuru
Lyrics: Freedom is our rule
Lyrics: shinpai nante dokofuku kaze~
Lyrics: It's not our way to worry~
Lyrics: ttai one piece ichibannori
Lyrics: At any cost, One Piece, I'll be the first
Lyrics: yume miru kokoro wa chou dekai
Lyrics: My dreaming heart is huge
Lyrics: samenai koto ga daiji--
Lyrics: It's important not to wake up
Lyrics: tto dekinai tomarenai
Lyrics: I can't stand still, I can't stop
Lyrics: yoake ga osokute jirettai
Lyrics: Daybreak hasn't come yet and I can't wait
Lyrics: ichi, ni, SUNSHINE yon…We Go!
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine four... We Go!
Lyrics: ore tachi wa...koko made kitaze
Lyrics: We... made it this far
Lyrics: ore tachi wa yuku...yume no arika e
Lyrics: We go... to where the dream is
Lyrics: dare mo oitekanaize--
Lyrics: We won't leave anyone behind
Lyrics: nshinaru nomi sore ga chikai
Lyrics: Keep going forward, that's our pledge
Lyrics: yume ga hajimatta ano hi kara
Lyrics: Since the day that the dream began
Lyrics: mezasu mirai wa onaji--
Lyrics: the future that I'm aiming at hasn't changed
Lyrics: tto dekinai tomarenai
Lyrics: I can't stand still, I can't stop
Lyrics: kokoro no taiyou shizumanai
Lyrics: The sun of my heart will never set
Lyrics: ichi, ni, Sunshine
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine
Lyrics: ichi, ni, Sunshine
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine
Lyrics: ichi, ni, Sunshine yon... WE GO!
Lyrics: One, two, Sunshine four... We Go!
Lyrics: We Go!
Title: A Hero's End
Title: The Shocking Truth about Tiger
Title: A Hero's End
Title: The Shocking Truth about Tiger
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
See you next time!
