Caption: The seas surrounding Dress Rosa
Caption: Dress Rosa
Caption: Corrida Colosseum
Caption: Southern Country, Majiatsuka Kingdom Military Commander
Caption: Rolling Logan
Gladiator: Young master, he'll die!
Doflamingo: Just what the hell was that?!
Doflamingo: What are you?!
Doflamingo: Aren't you a gladiator?!
Doflamingo: Who'd enjoy watching you just run around?
Doflamingo: If you can't cut up your opponents,
Doflamingo: then let yourself get cut and show them some blood.
Doflamingo: All humans, no matter their personality,
Doflamingo: have a cruel side that lusts for blood.
Doflamingo: Blood and death.
Doflamingo: That is the ultimate entertainment!
Doflamingo: Get a hold of yourself!
Doflamingo: Damn trash!
Doflamingo: Never let me see a pathetic match like today again.
Gladiator: Yes, young master!
Kanjuurou: Kin'emon, Momonosuke...
Kin'emon: Oh, it's you, Kanjuurou.
Kanjuurou: I found the port.
Kanjuurou: Let's get a ship from there.
Kanjuurou: This is a dangerous country.
Violet: I'll be fine.
Violet: I asked an acquaintance of mine, so I'll be protected by the government.
Sanji: Really?
Violet: Yes.
Violet: They should already be waiting for me at the port.
Violet: Believe me.
Sanji: I see.
Sanji: I wish I could go with you, but at least I know you'll be safe.
Violet: Thank you.
Violet: Thanks to you, I'm finally able to move forward again.
Sanji: It was nothing.
Sanji: If you want to thank me, then a kiss on my che-
Violet: Oh no, your ship is being attacked by Fighting Fish!
Sanji: Fighting Fish?
Sanji: What's that?!
Violet: Hurry, you must go to them.
Sanji: Nami-swan!
Bartolomeo: I-I'm having a conversation with Zoro-senpai!
Bartolomeo: I-I'm so excited!
Bartolomeo: I need to ask him.
Bartolomeo: I've finally met him.
Bartolomeo: I was scolded by Zoro-senpai!
Bartolomeo: There, I said it.
Bartolomeo: He just thanked me!
Bartolomeo: Zoro-senpai just thanked me!
Soldier: Humans are capable of great things!
Soldier: Bring out your power as a human!
Soldier: Stand up, Rebecca!
Rebecca: I don't want to anymore.
Rebecca: I don't want to hurt anyone.
Soldier: Even so...
Soldier: In spite of that, you must become strong, Rebecca!
Rebecca: Soldier-san...
Soldier: Become strong, Rebecca!
