TL note: Genkotsu Ryuuseigun: Fist Meteor Shower
Makino: Alright, let's get started on today's lesson...
Makino: How to greet people properly!
Ace: Pleased to be working with ya.
Luffy: That was great, Ace!
Makino: Wrong.
Makino: In times like this, you should say\N"I'm pleased to be working with you."
Luffy: What, he got it wrong?
Luffy: The way he said it sounded cool, though.
Makino: Someday, Ace-kun wants to meet\Nthe red-haired captain you're indebted to.
Makino: We started these lessons because he wants to greet him properly.
Luffy: You mean Shanks?
Ace: Yeah! By the time I meet Red-Hair I'll be a pirate myself.
Ace: As a fellow pirate, and as your brother,\Nit's an obvious duty to show him respect.
Makino: Now, try to imagine that he's right here in front of you.
Ace: I'm Ace!  Who the hell are you?
Makino: Bzzzz.  That's no good.  "Who the hell" is too rude.
Luffy: It's "Who're you?!", right?
Ace: Who might you be?
Makino: Bzzzz.
Luffy: It's "Who are you, you bastard?!", right?
Ace: Who are you supposed to be?
Makino: Bzzzz.
Ace: Who is this?
Makino: Bzzzz.
Luffy: It's "Who is that?", right?
Makino: Bzzzz!
Makino: All wrong.  Are you even trying?
Ace: This is all because you keep talking nonsense!
Ace: Quit distracting me!
Luffy: Hey, Ace!  Yesterday, I found the nest of a giant snake, filled with huge eggs!
Luffy: Let's go get them now!
Ace: Huh?  Huge eggs?
Ace: No, I can't!
Ace: I'm studying how to greet people!
Luffy: I'll be in trouble if that huge snake catches me by myself!
Luffy: But I'll be fine if you're with me.  So come on!
Ace: Shut up!
Shanks: Whitebeard.  Ace.
Shanks: Please leave their burial to us.
Sengoku: Very well.
Sengoku: I will take the blame.
Shanks: Luffy... This must be difficult for you.
Shanks: I was surprised when I heard about Ace's last actions.
Ace: Take back what you just said!
Ace: Don't make fun of the man who saved my life!
Ace: The name of this era is "Whitebeard"!
Shanks: He behaved just like Captain Roger.
Shanks: There were times when I wanted the captain to run away...
Shanks: I even wanted him to cry.
Shanks: Listen to me, Luffy.
Shanks: Knowing both victory and defeat, running away and shedding tears...
Shanks: That is how men grow up.
Shanks: It's okay for you to cry.
Shanks: Overcome this!
Ace: Jinbe...
Ace: While I was out chasing Teach...
Ace: I met my little brother for the first time in three years, in the Alabasta Kingdom.
Ace: As soon as I saw him, I felt relieved.
Ace: Why do you think that is?
Smoker: You can't defeat me with your ability.
Mihawk: You aren't as reckless as I expected.
Sentoumaru: Go, Pacifista!
Sengoku: Did you really think that I would let you get away?
Zoro: Luffy, don't play around up here!
Zoro: You're disrupting my training!
Nami: Luffy, hurry and get everyone into position!
Nami: A storm is coming!
Usopp: Luffy, watch me!  I'm about to catch a huge fish!
Sanji: Luffy, I'm almost done.  Just wait patiently!
Chopper: Luffy, no matter how badly you get hurt, it'll be fine.
Chopper: Because I'm gonna fix you up!
Robin: Oh, Luffy.
Robin: If you're interested in archeology, do you want me to teach you?
Franky: Hey, Luffy!  The Cola Engine is running perfectly today.
Franky: You can leave the Sunny to me!
Brook: Luffy-san, good morning!  It is morning!
Brook: Well then, I shall play a morning tune!
Zoro: Luffy!
Nami: Luffy!
Usopp: Luffy!
Sanji: Luffy!
Chopper: Luffy!
Robin: Luffy!
Franky: Luffy!
Brook: Luffy-san!
Everyone: Luffy!
Luffy: Everyone, let's meet up by the Sunny in three days!
Crew: Right!
Ace: What I saw there...
Ace: Jinbe...
Ace: Since I have a clumsy little brother,
Ace: I'm worried about you as a big brother.
Ace: I'm sure he's caused you guys a lot of trouble, too.
Ace: Take care of him for me.
Ace: I saw that he's no longer the same old Luffy\Nwho'd always chase after me.
Ace: He's...
Ace: got a reliable crew of his own.
Ace: No matter what happens, he'll be alright.
Ace: I was relieved.
