Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates.
Narrator: A struggle between countless pirates began
Narrator: while looking for the great treasure, One Piece,
Narrator: left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger.
Narrator: The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit,
Narrator: Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers
Narrator: who went out to sea to become the Pirate King.
Narrator: Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures.
Narrator: Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World
Narrator: will continue through the Grand Line!
Narrator: Luffy has been separated from his crew...
Narrator: and has finally reached Marineford,
Narrator: where he's trying to save his brother Ace from execution.
Narrator: An intense battle rages as the Navy tries to stop Luffy and the Whitebeard Pirates...
Narrator: as they advance on the execution platform where Ace is held.
Narrator: As the execution draws ever closer...
Narrator: a number of shocking truths have been revealed, one after another.
Narrator: Over two hundred men did the unthinkable and broke out of the impenetrable Impel Down...
Narrator: then these infamous, mighty prisoners appeared on the battlefield.
Narrator: The scene that unfolds looks like something from a different world.
Narrator: This truly is an ultimate showdown that will rewrite history itself!
Narrator: The people around the world can only hold their breath...
Narrator: and watch as their futures are decided here.
Narrator: About an hour and a half after the war began...
Narrator: the Navy gambled everything.
Narrator: In order to change the flow of the battle...
Narrator: they plunged into the final phase.
Narrator: Whitebeard's fleet and the Navy's forces seemed equal to each other,
Narrator: and the battle was beginning to look like a stalemate.
Narrator: However, human weapons modified into the shape of Bartholomew Kuma appear...
Narrator: and the Whitebeard Pirates and Luffy are driven into a corner.
