*I walk through the lush greenery of a forest.*
*It's dark and dense, like a scene from a picture book where a child would be wandering around, lost and frightened.*
(...I wonder what she's like...)
*Trying to chase off this baseless sense of unease I'm feeling, I think back to the telephone call that came a few days ago.*
*Libra Lapis Lazuli Academy―*
*Time was passing by peacefully in this school that I founded, in spite of the peculiar and magical incidents that occurred from time to time.*
*It was early in the afternoon of another quiet day when I answered the phone in the principal's office.*
*―...so I was wondering if you could take care of her...*
Lazurit: "Take care of her? You mean have her come here?"
Man: "I'm sorry to have you travel such a long way from Japan, but..."
Lazurit: "No, that's not a problem... but having your daughter suddenly go to a strange and unknown place―"
*He interrupts me and starts talking rapidly.*
Man: "She's out of control! The entire family is bedridden, and the servants are scared and quitting one after the other...!"
Man: "Yesterday, the flames in the fireplace looked like they were dancing again... Almost as if they were mocking us..."
Lazurit: "......"
*I'm positive that she isn't.*
*The girl responsible for "that" simply doesn't know how to manage her own powers.*
Lazurit: "...Is fire the only strange phenomenon? Has there been anything else?"
Man: "Of course there has!"
Man: "It happened to the servants that quit. At first they were frightened by her, but then one day they suddenly started pampering her; they were behaving like completely different people..."
Lazurit: "Huh..."
Man: "When I asked them what happened, they said, 'We weren't scared anymore after she told us not to be'... Was my daughter not controlling their minds?"
Lazurit: (Hypnosis magic... But you shouldn't be able to use that without learning the spell...)
*Not to mention that certain herbs are necessary as a catalyst.*
*That should be impossible, since she's never gone outside the mansion.*
*Which means that she managed to do that purely with her own mana...*
Lazurit: (A strong hypnotic effect... No, it could be something even more powerful...)
Man: "I'm at my wit's end... All the strange phenomena happening around me, the sudden change in personality of the servants..."
Lazurit: "......"
Man: "I implore you, O great Magie... Please save me and my wife, Kral Lazurit!"
Lazurit: "...I understand. I will take custody of your daughter."
*She's probably―no, definitely―a Magie.*
*And she doesn't know how to use her own power...*
*At this rate, not only will she continue to be ostracized by her family, her lack of control will also bring about tragedy.*
*Keeping that in mind, I decided to take her into my care.*
Servant: "...Right this way."
*Emerging from the forest, deep in the mountains, I reach a stately and magnificent mansion.*
*However, it seems that the girl is not kept in this extravagant building but is instead forced to live in a detached one a distance away.*
*After leading me to the outbuilding and unlocking the door, the servant shoves the key at me and runs away as if she were fleeing for her life.*
Lazurit: (Everyone's terrified of her...)
*I can't blame them, but I pity her for having to live all by herself like this.*
Lazurit: "...Hello there."
Teacher: "...And so, here... you use this formula..."
*I faintly hear the familiar voice of my teacher amidst the sounds of pens running across paper.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Oh. I'm in class...)
*My vision is blurry.*
*Vaguely recalling that I had dozed off, I'm unable to completely wake myself up.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I didn't realize I was this sleep deprived...)
*The teacher's going to yell at me if I don't get up.*
*But my brain just isn't cooperating.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Fwaaahhh..."
*Struggling to stifle a yawn, I shut my eyes tightly and reopen them.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hmm?"
*Still half-asleep, I notice some words written in my notebook.*
*―"We might never meet again."*
Mitsuyoshi: "......?"
*This sentence I'm staring at makes me feel uncomfortable.*
Mitsuyoshi: (What is this...? This isn't from math class, is it?)
*I'm pretty sure I heard the teacher mentioning a formula.*
Mitsuyoshi: (We might never meet again...? And here it says...)
*―"I have to save him."*
*These clearly aren't mathematical formulas.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Did...)
Mitsuyoshi: (I...?)
*―I'm... thinking about him again...*
Mitsuyoshi: (...What am I doing...?)
Mitsuyoshi: "―!!"
*I'm startled by the ringing of the bell.*
*Now I'm fully awake.*
Teacher: "Okay, that's all for today."
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Huh?"
*The person I see at the front of the classroom is my homeroom teacher.*
*...He's responsible for English.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...I didn't write anything down...)
*My notebook is completely blank, even though those two strange sentences were supposed to be there.*
Mitsuyoshi: (A dream, huh...? Wait, more importantly, what happened in that class...?)
*I didn't take a single note.*
*Did I unconsciously translate a sentence that came up during class?*
Mitsuyoshi: (What did I write down again...?)
*I can't remember at all.*
*Damn it...*
Male Student A: "See you!"
Male Student B: "Yeah, see you tomorrow!"
*I didn't realize because I was out of it the entire time, but it looks like that was our last class for the day.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I absentmindedly watch as my classmates leave the room in their own little groups.*
Kotaro: "What are you spacing out for, Micchi? Let's get going!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, my bad. I'll be ri―"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*Oh, right.*
*Up until now, he'd always call out to me whenever I was in a daze.*
*Karasuma Kotaro.*
*The first friend I made after coming to this school―and my best friend.*
*Even though he gets scared more easily than others, he always gave it his all. He's kind to a fault, and he even put up with the horrible nickname "Omaru" that I gave him...*
Mitsuyoshi: (...He's no longer here.)
*Am I lonely? Sad?*
*I can't tell.*
*But what I do know is that he stood strongly by his decisions and actions. His smile during his final moments told me that much...*
Mitsuyoshi: (That's what you thought, huh, Omaru?)
*My classmates happily chatter away as they exit the classroom.*
*None of them know what really happened that night.*
*Omaru chose to disappear, saying that it had to be this way.*
*Being sad about it would be rejecting his resolve.*
*That being said, I have no intention of grinning and bearing it.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Maybe I'm just not convinced yet.)
*Omaru is gone.*
*Maybe I simply haven't gotten used to that fact yet...*
Maya: "What's with the long face, Koga!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh, Kurodani."
*My classmates, Kurodani Maya and Yoshida Soara.*
Maya: "Are you lonely now that Karasuma's not here anymore?"
Soara: "Is the school that Maru-kun's investigating that far away?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No... Well, I guess it's pretty far."
*To explain his sudden disappearance, the students were told that he left for another school as part of a special Bureau investigation.*
Maya: "I see. So you really are lonely then."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah."
Maya: "Huh!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Maya: "It's just... I wasn't expecting you to agree so readily..."
Mitsuyoshi: "R-Really?"
*I had been thinking about Omaru, so I ended up agreeing without putting much thought into it.*
Maya: "Dang, this is serious."
Soara: "Y-Yeah. Koga-kun, are you going to be all right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's not as bad as you're making it out to be..."
Maya: "If you need to take your mind off of him, let us know, okay?"
Soara: "Yeah, we're here for you anytime."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh... Thanks..."
*They're really blowing things out of proportion.*
Mitsuyoshi: "But really, you don't need to be so worried."
Maya: "Are you sure?"
Soara: "Don't push yourself too hard, okay?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not."
Disciplinary Committee Member: "Hey, hurry on back to the dorms."
Maya: "Ah, okay!"
Soara: "See you, Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, see you tomorrow."
*Prompted by a Disciplinary Committee member on patrol, the two of them hurriedly leave.*
*The Committee member knows me, so he simply gives a quick nod before heading off to the next classroom.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Guess I'll get going too...)
*Taking my bag and getting up from my seat, I leave as well.*
Tsubaki: "Hey there, Mii-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, Tsubaki-chan. Are you making your rounds too?"
*Going out into the hallway, I run into Mibu Tsubaki, wearing her Disciplinary Committee coat.*
*Her coat bears the emblem of the Committee chair.*
Mitsuyoshi: "How's being the temporary chair going? Lot of work?"
Tsubaki: "No, thankfully it's not too bad."
*The original chairwoman, Shogoin Momoka-senpai, was meticulously sealed away after the incident the other day and is currently absent.*
*She had to be sealed because she was actually a homunculus that sided with the school.*
*Homunculi―dolls created with magic that look exactly like humans―obey their creators' orders absolutely and won't listen to reason.*
*Like Omaru, the students were told that Momo-senpai left the school for a special mission.*
*On that note, the principal, who is also a homunculus, fled after the incident, and the story is that she's on a business trip abroad.*
Tsubaki: "What I'm doing now is no different from what I did before."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's good."
*The only real difference would be why she's doing it.*
*Until recently, this school was linked to the "Realm of Night" during the nighttime, with the help of a large-scale magical spell.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Wh-What in the..."
Kotaro: "Huh... Wh-Where are we?"
Ushio: "We have not been relocated. This is exactly the same spot we were standing in earlier."
Mitsuyoshi: "What's happened to the school...?"
Ushio: "When the bell in the clock tower sounds, the 'Realm of Night' appears and fuses with the school building."
Kotaro: "What the heck is the Realm of Night!?"
Ushio: "A world that only exists at night. It is something like the other side of this world."
*The rule was that regular students must be back in their dorms after classes, before nightfall.*
Tsubaki: "If anything, it's even easier now that I don't have to deal with being a scapegoat."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see. That took quite a bit of your time, huh?"
*That magic circle was destroyed by me, with the help of Mooko's and Omaru's mana.*
*The Night students, who we thought were being summoned here from another world, were actually day students with their souls replaced.*
*20 years ago, a mysterious fire happened at this school.*
*The true identity of those Night students were the victims of that fire, who are still missing to this day.*
*The administration wanted to sacrifice the day students in order to revive the students of the past.*
*After finding out that they wanted to permanently hijack the day students' bodies, we broke the magic circle to put a stop to their plans.*
*And―*
Kotaro: "...See you..."
*...Omaru, who was actually one of those students from 20 years ago, disappeared that night.*
*He was occupying the body of Hanatate Mutsuki, who attended this school before us and had gone missing.*
*After Mooko―Shishigatani Ushio―suddenly lost contact with Hanatate, her best friend, she came to this school and met me and Omaru soon after we came here.*
*But who would've thought that the person she was looking for was right before her eyes the entire time?*
*Omaru was most likely an experimental guinea pig, being the first Night student to possess a day student even during the day.*
Tsubaki: "Mii-kun? Is something the matter?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Oh, it's nothing..."
*I accidentally got lost in my memories.*
*She looks at me, confused, and I force a smile.*
Mitsuyoshi: "But with Mists continuing to pop up, I would've thought that you'd still be busy."
Tsubaki: "Yeah... Well, I can't really do anything about that."
*In the back of the library in the basement of the school lies the treasury.*
*It houses many magical tools known as Mists.*
*It goes without saying that mana is required to activate them, but there are also some that will drain your physical strength or put you to sleep as compensation.*
*For that reason they're quite dangerous, since anyone could accidentally activate one and fall unconscious.*
*Moreover, Mists are naturally drawn to people who are troubled or are having problems and thus escape the treasury.*
*Retrieving and sealing Mists is the job of the Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs, which Mooko and I belong to.*
Tsubaki: "Luckily for us, none of the ones that have shown up lately have been hard to deal with."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. The last one was just a watering can that kept watering the garden."
*It was attracted by a sick gardening club member who was worried about the flowers.*
*All it did was wander around the garden, and the one who activated it was in their own room bedridden, so it was sorted out quickly.*
*If only it were this easy all the time, but unfortunately that's not normally the case...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Although... I was the one who broke the barrier...)
*To begin with, why didn't the school fix it?*
*That way, we'd have one less thing to worry about.*
Tsubaki: "Mii-kun, are you heading to the Bureau office?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I'm bringing her along with me today."
Tsubaki: "Okay. I'll be heading to the Disciplinary Committee office to listen to a report, so I'll be a little late. Sorry."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's your job, so don't worry about it. Thanks for all the hard work you put in."
Tsubaki: "Hehe, thanks. See you in a bit."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, see you."
*We go our separate ways, and I first head to my room in the east dorm―*
Mitsuyoshi: "She's still asleep, huh...?"
*I return to my room and put my bag on the floor.*
*She suddenly appeared out of nowhere on the night that we destroyed the magic circle.*
*Since birth, she's had an immense amount of mana.*
*However, she's never been able to control it very well.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Because of that...)
*...A lot of painful things have happened.*
*That's why I much prefer that she doesn't use it.*
*The school's invitation was originally addressed to Michiru, but I thought it was fishy and enrolled in her stead.*
*But that night, she ended up releasing an unbelievable amount of mana, transporting herself here from our home in an instant.*
*Ever since then, she's been living in my room.*
*―I say living, but she's been asleep practically the entire time.*
*It's probably because of how much mana she used.*
*She's not a student of this school, and the administration doesn't know about her, so for now I'm hiding her here so that she can recover.*
Mitsuyoshi: (That being said, she's more or less healed up now...)
*I'd hate to disturb her while she's sleeping so peacefully, but I don't have a choice.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Michiru, wake up."
Michiru: "Mm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Come on, get up."
Michiru: "Fuaa... Ah, Onii-chan...?"
*She sits up, rubbing her eyes.*
*She gazes at me, tired and half asleep.*
*At a glance, she looks to be in good health.*
Michiru: "What's going on...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "We're having a meeting with everyone in the Bureau office to summarize all that's happened. Think you can come?"
Michiru: "...Yeah."
*She nods.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you feeling well enough to?"
Michiru: "Yeah, I'll go."
*She's been asleep in my room the majority of the time, so she's never gotten the chance to properly introduce herself either.*
*Apparently, she wants to do that despite being quite a shy person.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Change into this, then."
Michiru: "Hmm?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's the school's uniform. All the regular students are back in the dorms, but there are still Disciplinary Committee members in the school."
Mitsuyoshi: "We don't want them to realize at a glance that you're not a student here."
Michiru: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Something wrong?"
Michiru: "Isn't that obvious?"
Mitsuyoshi: "???"
Michiru: "Get out! You're telling me to change, but how am I supposed to with you still here!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh, my bad."
*Of course.*
*She's my sister so it never crossed my mind, but she is still a girl.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Come out after you're done then."
Michiru: "I got it already!"
*Hearing her unhappy voice from behind me, I quickly make my way out of my room.*
Shizuka: "...Huh, you're back already?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, Shizuka-chan."
Shizuka: "Don't call me that!!"
*Stepping out into the hallway, I run into the Bureau's errand boy (and ex-Disciplinary Committee member), Murakumo Shizuka.*
Shizuka: "...Where is she?"
Mitsuyoshi: "She's changing into the school uniform now. I got one from Tsubaki-chan."
Shizuka: "A uniform, huh? That should be enough to fool people from a distance."
Mitsuyoshi: "Did you come to pick us up or something?"
Shizuka: "I said that I'd bring you two there, since I know the routes that the Disciplinary Committee takes on their patrols."
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure are kind when it comes to Michiru."
Shizuka: "...D-Don't get the wrong idea, okay!? I was technically the one who summoned her here, so I wanted to take responsibility and...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure, sure."
*I did mention to him and the others that I'd be secretly housing Michiru in my room.*
*And that I'd bring her along for a proper introduction once she felt better.*
*After telling him yesterday that she seems to be doing pretty well now, he decided to go out of his way and meet us here.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I guess he's like her guardian now...?)
*According to what Michiru told me, she was meeting with Murakumo in the dream world prior to teleporting herself here.*
*Apparently he thought that she was the manifestation of a Mist, but he kept her company because of how awkward she was.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...His diligence knows no bounds.)
*It's like he picked up a stray cat and now he can't leave it alone.*
Shizuka: "You were thinking about something extremely rude just now, weren't you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I never said anything."
Shizuka: "That silence is what's making me suspicious!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You'll go bald if you keep stressing over this kind of stuff."
Shizuka: "What the hell!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, I guess I haven't thanked you yet."
Shizuka: "Huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You took care of her while I was at the hospital for my checkup. Thanks for that."
Shizuka: "Wh-Where did that come from? You're creeping me out."
Mitsuyoshi: "You happily coming out of your way to pick us up is just as creepy."
Shizuka: "I didn't come here for you, Koga!"
Shizuka: "...A-Anyway, is she feeling well enough to be going out...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "She said she is, and she looks fine to me."
Shizuka: "...Okay."
*Once the incident was over, she didn't wake up for a few days, and after she did, she still spent the majority of her time sleeping.*
*I only started considering her as being back to normal about two days ago.*
Mitsuyoshi: "For what it's worth, she also slept a lot when she was younger."
Shizuka: "...How much older are you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Shizuka: "How much older are you than Michiru? Actually, how old are you even?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Twenty."
Shizuka: "Twe... You're frigging older than me... I mean... If you'll excuse..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahaha, don't force yourself."
Shizuka: "Stop laughing!! Damn it, I refuse to speak to you politely!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Please don't. It's always hard not to laugh."
Shizuka: "Ugh... No wonder you've had such a big attitude since we first met."
Michiru: "...Sorry for making you wait."
*Having changed into the uniform, Michiru steps out of my room.*
*She doesn't seem particularly surprised that Murakumo's here with me.*
Shizuka: "H-Hey, how are you feeling?"
Michiru: "I'm fine... By the way..."
Shizuka: "Yeah?"
Michiru: "I could hear you two the entire time."
Shizuka: "......!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "We were right in front of the door after all."
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's get going. We don't want to draw any attention to ourselves, especially from people like Kurodani."
Shizuka: "Ugh, let's go!"
*We chase after him as he briskly sets off.*
*With him leading the way, we head to the Bureau office via a bit of a detour, trying our best to avoid any Disciplinary Committee members.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru, you're heading back home after the meeting, okay?"
Michiru: "...Huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You heard me. Now that you're feeling better, there's no need for you to keep hiding in my room."
Michiru: "...Why are you treating me like an outsider?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's not the problem here. You've got your own school to attend."
Mitsuyoshi: "I did call them to say that you were sick, but you can't be absent forever."
Michiru: "It's not like this is the first time I've skipped school. It's not really an issue."
Mitsuyoshi: "It is! What's this about you skipping school?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why didn't you go?"
Michiru: "Oh, be quiet! You know that I hate places with lots of people!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You need to overcome that shyness of yours! After all this time, you still haven't gotten to know your classmates?"
Michiru: "B-But I never know what to talk about!"
Shizuka: "Well... she was like that with me at first too..."
Michiru: "That was... Ahh!"
*She seems to have suddenly remembered that Murakumo is here with us, and her eyes widen as she covers her mouth with her hands.*
Michiru: "......"
*She then hides behind me, bashfully casting her eyes to the ground.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's like you're two completely different people."
Michiru: "Uuu... Shut up..."
*She shows no restraint when she's talking to me, and she's embarrassed that that was exposed.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Does she not remember that everyone already figured that out when she first came here?)
Michiru: "Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!! Onii-chan, you dummy!!"
Michiru: "You don't understand anything at all! Have you even thought about how much you made me worry!?"
*It must've completely slipped her mind.*
*Probably because of how overcome with rage she was.*
Shizuka: "......"
*Murakumo looks like he's regretting what he said.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Haahh... It'd make things a lot easier for me if she'd just go home...)
*Although given her attitude, it doesn't look like she will.*
*Good grief.*
Michiru: "Wow..."
*Upon entering the library down in the basement, Michiru looks at the humongous bookshelves in awe.*
*Come to think about it, I reacted the same way my first time here, but I've gotten pretty used to it by now.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I... don't see Rito. Is she further inside?)
*It would've been nice to have her meet Michiru, but that can wait until later.*
Mitsuyoshi: "This way, Michiru."
Michiru: "Ah, okay."
*She jogs up to me and grabs my sleeve, not wanting to get lost.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey."
*Entering the Bureau office, I see that everyone's here aside from Tsubaki-chan.*
Kasumi: "Hey, you're finally here."
*The moment I step inside, Murakumo's sister, Sumi-chan―Murakumo Kasumi―greets me and waves.*
*She's never been a normal student at this school, and she was tasked with being the sole scapegoat before Tsubaki-chan started helping out.*
*As a result, she's always been avoiding others so that neither the day nor Night students would see her, but we became acquainted after a certain incident and are now working together.*
Kasumi: "Ah, Hime-chan's still busy?"
Shizuka: "Yeah, she said she'd be late because of Disciplinary Committee work."
Kasumi: "Oh, okay."
*By the way, Tsubaki-chan was already on good terms with her before that incident, and now they're the best of friends.*
Adelheid: "We have enough seats, right?"
*The pretty European girl looking around the room and counting heads is Adelheid, or Heidi for short.*
*She's the head of the Weinbergers, a prestigious family in Germany.*
*―Well, that's the story at least...*
Louis: "Koga's group and Tsubaki make four. There are clearly enough seats. Have you become so daft that you can't even count?"
Adelheid: "I-I asked just in case! Does everything that comes out of your mouth have to be laced with poison!?"
*...The truth is that the actual head of the family is this sharp-tongued butler.*
*The fake eye hidden under Louis's eyepatch houses the power of a Magie that is passed down from generation to generation within their family.*
*In order to protect that, Heidi pretends to be the head.*
Kasumi: "I can still never tell which of you is the master and which is the servant."
Adelheid: "S-See!? You could stand to act more like a butler!!"
Louis: "Ja."
*For the record, Mooko, Murakumo, and I are the only ones who know that Louis is the true master in this relationship.*
Louis: "...On the other hand, could you act more like a lady from a respectable family? Although I understand that it's a tall order, so it's nothing more than a mere hope."
Adelheid: "What do you mean, a tall order!?"
*You would think that Louis's foul mouth comes from being in a position of power... but having spent time with these two, I've come to realize that it's a personality issue.*
Ushio: "......"
*Last but not least, the one rendered utterly speechless by this exchange is Shishigatani Ushio, or Mooko, as I like to call her.*
*Our first impressions of each other definitely weren't good... but after everything that's happened, we get along as fellow members of the Bureau, and, well, you could say that she holds a special place in my heart.*
Ushio: "...Michiru-san, are you feeling better now?"
Michiru: "Fue!?"
*Mooko's eyes widen, troubled by my sister's reaction.*
Ushio: "Ah... Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you."
Michiru: "I-I-I-It's okay. U-Umm, I'm sorry."
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't worry about it. She's just super shy."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "......?"
*Mooko looks like she has something to say, but she keeps quiet and turns away from me.*
*This isn't something unusual.*
*It's her being able to separate her public and private affairs, and not having her personal feelings cloud her judgement, but...*
Mitsuyoshi: (She can be damn confusing at times.)
*To be completely honest, we've gotten quite intimate before, to put it mildly.*
*But that's been put on hold for now.*
*We decided that dealing with the school's conspiracy and all the various incidents here comes first... but I get the feeling there's more to it than that.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She tends to overthink things at times like these...)
*We're close enough that I can understand that much, or at least I think I do.*
Michiru: "Umm, umm, I-I'm doing well."
Ushio: "That's good to hear. Please don't push yourself too hard."
Michiru: "Okay, th-thanks for... your concern."
*The way she's looking at the fidgety Michiru doesn't seem any different than usual.*
*I don't think she doubts me... Don't tell me that she's jealous because Michiru clings to me so much.*
Mitsuyoshi: (That does sound a bit cute though.)
*But this is definitely not the time to question her about that.*
Shizuka: "Oh, I'll make some tea so take a seat."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're being awfully thoughtful today, Shizuka-chan."
Shizuka: "I wasn't saying that to you!! It's because she's... Michiru's frightened!"
Kasumi: "Shii-chan, your yelling's only going to scare her even more."
Shizuka: "Ah."
Michiru: "...Umm, I-I'll sit."
*She walks over to a chair and sits as if to show that she's not scared.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Hmm, it doesn't seem like either of them are in love with the other...)
Kasumi: "By all means. I'm sorry that my brother's so insensitive."
Michiru: "No... Umm, i-it's totally fine."
Shizuka: "Well sorry for being insensitive..."
*He grumbles as he serves the tea he brewed.*
*Yeah, the best way to describe their relationship is a guy and his friend's cat that he's looking after.*
*I sip some tea and take a deep breath, when Tsubaki-chan walks in.*
Tsubaki: "Hey, sorry I'm late."
Ushio: "No problem. We know you're busy with your other job."
Adelheid: "Everyone's here now."
Ushio: "Now then―"
*Mooko stands up after waiting for Tsubaki-chan to sit down.*
*All of our eyes are on her.*
Ushio: "Let's briefly go over what we know so far."
*Mooko looks around and resumes speaking after seeing all of us nod.*
Ushio: "First, the biggest spell that was in operation at this school: the one that summoned the Realm of Night. The administration insisted that it was connecting us to another world, but..."
Ushio: "The truth is that it was a ritual to implant the students living in the west dorm with the souls of students from 20 years ago."
Mitsuyoshi: "And we destroyed the magic circle that did that..."
Ushio: "Yes, which is why the Realm of Night has not been summoned since."
Ushio: "...It goes without saying that we haven't seen the Night students since then either."
*It almost sounds like she had to force that last part out of her.*
*The most shocking part of all was that Omaru was one of them...*
Ushio: "Among them... was Karasuma-kun, whose soul was possessing the missing Hanatate Mutsuki."
Tsubaki: "Shishigatani-san, didn't you originally come to this school to search for her?"
Ushio: "Yes, that's correct. It was because I had completely lost communication with her."
Ushio: "...I never would've imagined that she was right before my eyes the entire time."
*Even now, I can clearly recall the look of horror on Mooko's face when Omaru disappeared.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Not that I can blame her.)
*She was prepared to accept that Hanatate Mutsuki was dead.*
*But in reality... she was safe, and they reunited in that fashion.*
Ushio: "...We were convinced that the Night students were students who had perished in the fire 20 years ago."
Ushio: "However, all of them are considered missing, since their bodies haven't been found."
Ushio: "Now what could this possibly mean...?"
Louis: "So you're saying that they're still alive?"
Ushio: "There is definitely a possibility."
Adelheid: "Kral Lazurit was a Magie who manipulated time. It's entirely possible."
*Kral Lazurit―the founder of this school and, as Heidi said, a female Magie with a unique power.*
*It's said that she also lost her life in that fire 20 years ago...*
Kasumi: "You've mentioned how it's unlikely that they were summoned from before the fire even happened, right?"
Ushio: "Yes, because if that were the case, it makes no sense that Lazurit and the rest of the students weren't summoned as well."
Tsubaki: "So only the missing students were somehow saved from the fire and summoned...?"
Shizuka: "The principal was strangely adamant about reviving them."
Louis: "Yes, probably because she was ordered to. Remember, homunculi treat their master's wishes as absolute."
Ushio: "A huge number of Lazurit Bloodstones were required in order to keep the homunculi―the principal and Shogoin-senpai―functioning, as well as to keep the Night students' souls attached to their bodies."
Ushio: "Only Lazurit is capable of producing them, which would suggest that she is heavily involved in this case."
*It's what allowed Omaru to possess Hanatate's body even during the day.*
Adelheid: "...Yes, but why? She shouldn't have been someone who would do such a thing..."
Adelheid: "She would never try to sacrifice the day students for something like this. I'm positive."
*Heidi's heard many stories about Lazurit from her grandmother, since they were apparently quite close.*
*Which is why she's so insistent that her grandmother's friend has nothing to do with something this inhumane.*
Kasumi: "Hmm, maybe some circumstances led to her wishes being distorted?"
Ushio: "I would like to get to the bottom of it, including what you just said."
Ushio: "Above all, if the students from 20 years ago aren't actually dead... there may be some other way to save them..."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, that's definitely the most important thing. Iba-san, Hina-san, Furoyamachi-san, Kasuga-san, and... Karasuma-kun. They could all potentially be saved."
Louis: "That being said, they wouldn't be attending this school like they did before, would they?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Of course not. They'd be pretty confused if they were suddenly thrown 20 years into the future."
*Because of hypnosis magic that was applied on them by the school, they were oblivious to the fact that so many years had passed.*
*None of them found it strange that they were attending school at night, and they didn't know what they were doing during the day.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Saving them would mean that we send them back to their own time."
Louis: "...It's good that we've made that clear, but it's possible that things won't turn out that way."
Ushio: "There's a chance that we may be able to rescue them while also being unable to send them back to their original time period."
Kasumi: "Ah, I get it! Then they'd have no choice but to live in our present..."
Tsubaki: "Hmm... There's nothing we can do about that."
Adelheid: "It's probably better than them being missing, I suppose..."
Shizuka: "We won't know until we try. Maybe there's a way to transport them 20 years into the past."
Mitsuyoshi: "Worrying about it now is pointless."
Ushio: "Indeed. In order to even begin, we have to figure out what exactly happened with that fire."
Ushio: "To that end, I'd like to request everyone's assistance."
Tsubaki: "Sure, I have no objections to that."
Kasumi: "Me neither!"
Adelheid: "Likewise. Backing out now would simply leave a bad taste in my mouth. Don't you think so, Louis?"
Louis: "...Ja."
Shizuka: "Hmph, of course I'm in. If we left things as they are, I bet the administration would just restart their plan."
*They haven't given up on trying to take over the bodies of the day students.*
*Because they're homunculi, they were probably ordered to do this and won't consider any other methods...*
Ushio: "They most certainly will."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, and we need to uncover the truth to prevent that."
Michiru: "I-I'll... help too."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey."
Michiru: "I'm helping!"
*I can't believe she said that in front of this many people when she's so shy...*
*She really doesn't want to leave.*
Tsubaki: "...I'm glad to hear that, but are you sure you don't have to go back home?"
Michiru: "I-It's fine..."
*It's not fine at all, but if I forced her to go home, I get the feeling that she'd find some way to pop back here.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Doesn't look like I can do anything about this...)
*Suddenly, I hear the door opening―*
Mutsuki: "I'm sorry I'm late!"
Ushio: "Mutsuki!?"
*I see Hanatate Mutsuki come flying in.*
*Mooko springs to her feet, surprised.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Wait, that hairpin...)
*It's holding back her bangs.*
*The same as how Omaru had it.*
*Her shoulder-length hair is also tied up as if to match the way Omaru looked.*
Mutsuki: "I'm Hanatate Mutsuki, formerly Karasuma Kotaro! Nice to meet you!"
*She bows deeply and then salutes.*
*She then boldly declares:*
Mutsuki: "I'm joining the Bureau as of today!"
Ushio: "What!?"
Shizuka: "Y-You're joining...?"
*All of us are flabbergasted.*
*It seems that Mooko hadn't heard about this either.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Mutsuki: "Oh... This?"
*She seems to have noticed my stare and runs her fingers along the hairpin.*
Mutsuki: "Umm, this... was just my way of showing my resolve. I wanted to do my best for Karasuma-kun's sake too..."
Mutsuki: "And I thought that this would make it feel like he's still here with us... Umm..."
Mutsuki: "...Th-That's why, I guess? I'll take it off if it's only making you feel sadder!"
Mitsuyoshi: "―No."
*We must've been more surprised than she was expecting.*
*I start laughing at how flustered she is.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks, I'm sure Omaru would be happy about it."
Mutsuki: "R-Really!? Thank goodness!"
*A broad smile breaks out on her face.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She's stuck in an awkward position after all...)
*She was able to return... but in exchange, we lost Omaru.*
*She tried her best to deal with that, and this was the conclusion she came to.*
Ushio: "Umm, Mutsuki? Setting that aside, what were you..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, right. More importantly, Hanatate...-san?"
Mutsuki: "Mutsuki's fine."
*She tilts her head quizzically and continues talking.*
Mutsuki: "Ah, but you called Karasuma-kun Omaru, right?"
Mutsuki: "So I guess I'd be... umm... Omutsu?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's a hell of a lot worse than Omaru."
Ushio: "Th-That won't do!! Y-Y-You're a girl!!"
Mutsuki: "I thought the tradition involved adding an 'o' at the front."
Mitsuyoshi: "You don't have to completely replicate everything."
Ushio: "That's right! Omutsu is bad! I won't allow it!!"
Mutsuki: "Whaat? But it's supposed to be a nickname anyway..."
*Why is she so fixated on this?*
Ushio: "Can't you come up with anything better!?"
Shizuka: "This is all Koga's fault for giving Karasuma that weird nickname."
Mitsuyoshi: "How was I supposed to know that this would happen?"
Mutsuki: "Okay, so that just means you have to give me a nickname too!"
Ushio: "How does that follow!?"
Mutsuki: "Huh? Isn't that what we were talking about?"
Kasumi: "...Is Hanatate-san..."
Tsubaki: "She's one of those airheads, huh...?"
Shizuka: "You're not one to talk, Kasumi."
Kasumi: "Whaaat!?"
*...So she wasn't aware of it herself.*
Mutsuki: "Nice meeting you, Koga-kun! ...Oh, wait. Umm, Micchi, was it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah."
*It doesn't look like we're going to get anywhere unless I give her a nickname.*
*Mooko's staring daggers at me, implying that she won't forgive me if I come up with something weird.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Well then... How about Mucchan?"
Mutsuki: "Are you sure? That sounds pretty normal."
Ushio: "Normal is fine!!"
Tsubaki: "Th-That sounds good. It's cute."
Kasumi: "Yeah, I agree."
*The girls all come to a consensus, trying their hardest to prevent her from being Omutsu.*
Mutsuki: "Really? All right then."
*Looks like she's content with that.*
*Phew...*
Ushio: "Anyway."
*Relieved that we got rid of that bad nickname, Mooko clears her throat as she finally regains control of the conversation.*
Ushio: "Mutsuki, you plan on joining the Bureau?"
Mutsuki: "Yeah, that's what I said."
Ushio: "Why?"
Mutsuki: "Why? Aren't you all going to be investigating what happened 20 years ago?"
Ushio: "...Yes."
Mutsuki: "Those students... and Karasuma-kun might still be alive..."
Mutsuki: "You were talking about saving them, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, that's right."
Mutsuki: "Then I want to help too!"
Mutsuki: "I... was essentially saved by Karasuma-kun, so now it's my turn to save him."
Ushio: "Mutsuki..."
Mutsuki: "I can help, right?"
Mutsuki: "Normally, I'd need permission from the principal, but she's absent now."
Shizuka: "Forget absent, she's our enemy. There's nobody who's going to give you permission."
Ushio: "But... you managed to come back after all this time. I don't want you to get involved with anything related to magic..."
Mutsuki: "Stop right there!"
*Hanatate thrusts her index finger forward, interrupting the worried Mooko.*
Mutsuki: "The same goes for you, Moo-chan."
Mutsuki: "You came all this way to look for me, didn't you? Haven't you already achieved that goal?"
Mutsuki: "And yet you're still sticking your nose into the magical affairs surrounding this school."
Ushio: "That's..."
Mutsuki: "The pot shouldn't be calling the kettle black."
Ushio: "......"
*Mooko's getting talked down...*
*This rare sight makes me forget to speak up.*
Adelheid: "...Hehe, it's your loss, Ushio."
Tsubaki: "It looks that way. She also wants to find out what happened 20 years ago and save the missing students if possible, so our interests align."
Mutsuki: "Yeah, that's right! I knew I could count on you, Mibu-san!"
*Oh yeah, she started attending this school before us, which would explain why she already knows Tsubaki-chan.*
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "Uu... That is true, but..."
Mutsuki: "If you're doing it, then I want to, too! We're both in the same boat, aren't we?"
Ushio: "Haaahhh... Fine."
Mutsuki: "Yay! Thanks, Moo-chan!"
Ushio: "Kyaa!? M-Mutsuki, don't hug me out of nowhere...!"
*She tries her best to separate herself from her fawning friend.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I think I have an idea of the hierarchy between these two now...)
Louis: "―So all of us here will be cooperating to uncover the truth then?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, looks like it."
Kasumi: "Looking forward to working with you, Hanatate-san."
Mutsuki: "Huh? Ah, me too! Umm, you're..."
Kasumi: "Oh, right. This is your first time meeting me and Heidi-chan."
Shizuka: "Don't forget something like that!"
Kasumi: "Ahaha, she joined us so naturally that it completely slipped my mind."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh yeah, and there's one more person you've practically never met."
Michiru: "!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "She's an extremely shy person. This is normal for her, so don't worry about it."
Michiru: "...Auu."
*She hides her head and lets out a strange sound. I'm not sure whether that was a sigh or a sob.*
Mutsuki: "Hello there."
Michiru: "H-Hello..."
Kasumi: "Let's do another round of introductions then!"
Tsubaki: "That sounds good."
Mutsuki: "Okay! Once again, I'm Hanatate Mutsuki! Nice to meet you all!"
Mutsuki: "I'm best friends with Moo-chan, and... umm... I was missing until just recently!"
Ushio: "Though you were actually with us the entire time."
Mutsuki: "Yeah, I was the vessel for one of the Night student's souls, namely Kotaro-kun... Did I get all that right?"
Ushio: "You did. Unlike the rest of the Night students, Karasuma-kun was able to be around during the day as well. We believe that he was a guinea pig for this whole scheme."
*The school was planning on applying this to all of the Night students on the Day of the Eclipse a few days ago, but we prevented that from happening...*
Mutsuki: "I'll do my best for his sake!"
Tsubaki: "Yeah, let's give it our all."
Louis: "There's one last thing I'd like to confirm."
Mutsuki: "What is it?"
Louis: "Based on what you've said so far, you attended this school before Ushio, but you went missing so she came to find you, correct?"
Mutsuki: "Yeah, that's right."
Ushio: "Mutsuki was my friend from before she came here. I assure you that she is trustworthy."
Mitsuyoshi: (Ah, so that's what this is about.)
*Things are a bit complicated when it comes to Louis and Heidi.*
*They want to be absolutely sure that they can trust Hanatate.*
Louis: "...I understand. Frau, we should tell them about our situation as well."
Adelheid: "Yes, let's have no secrets between us."
Adelheid: "My name is Adelheid. Publicly, I am the head of the Weinberger family."
Mutsuki: "Publicly?"
Adelheid: "The real head of the family is Louis over here."
Kasumi: "Oh, is that how it is?"
Shizuka: "You don't seem very surprised."
Kasumi: "Because Louis-san always acted like the boss."
Adelheid: "See!?"
Louis: "That's why I keep telling you to act more like a proper lady―"
Ushio: "Now, now, please leave the bickering for later."
Adelheid: "R-Right."
Louis: "My apologies. Getting back on track―"
Louis: "I am Ludwig Ritter von Weinberger. Publicly, I am a member of the branch family and serve as her butler."
Adelheid: "My responsibility is to protect the head of the family. Something like a political decoy."
Mutsuki: "Huh... That sounds complicated... When you say protect, does that mean you're being targeted by someone?"
Louis: "Not so much targeted, but rather because what I'm shouldering is much too powerful."
Louis: "This eye is fake. It's a magical tool that contains the power of one of my ancestors, who was a Magie, sealed within it."
Louis: "It has been passed down from generation to generation. I'm an artificial Magie, so to speak."
Louis: "Frau excels in making perfumes, which is what the family is known for."
Mutsuki: "Ah! I knew the name Weinberger sounded familiar. It's that famous brand of perfumes!"
Adelheid: "That's right, although all of the ones we sell are just regular perfumes."
Adelheid: "The real family recipes that have been passed down are those created using magic. They can do all sorts of things, like block other people's perception of you or hypnotize others."
Mutsuki: "Wow, that's amazing!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You two sure gave us a lot of trouble with those perfumes of yours."
Shizuka: "You can say that again..."
*We all start feeling tired after being reminded of the mess they caused when they first arrived.*
*I never want to go through that again...*
Adelheid: "What's done is done. Let's let bygones be bygones."
Ushio: "...This isn't the time to be fighting amongst ourselves anyway."
Louis: "...With that being said."
Louis: "Everyone, please continue to treat Frau as the head of the family, though I'm sure that she may not act the part at times, as she was born a scatterbrain..."
Adelheid: "That last part wasn't necessary!!"
Kasumi: "Okay, can I go next?"
Kasumi: "I'm Murakumo Kasumi. I was originally a scapegoat along with Hime-chan, and I'm also a Magie."
Mutsuki: "Scapegoats were the ones responsible for feeding mana to the magic circle in the clock tower, right?"
Kasumi: "Yep, though with the circle gone, I'm obviously not doing that anymore."
Shizuka: "You should start attending classes then."
Kasumi: "Ahahahaha, eventually."
Shizuka: "I knew you were still skipping."
Kasumi: "But I haven't gone in all this time. It takes courage to suddenly start attending! I'll go eventually, I promise!"
Shizuka: "Good grief..."
Kasumi: "Oh, and Shizuka here is my younger twin brother. You're up next, Shii-chan."
Shizuka: "Me!?"
Shizuka: "...Umm, Murakumo Shizuka. I used to be a Disciplinary Committee member."
Kasumi: "That's it?"
Shizuka: "Is there anything else I need to say?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That you're currently the Bureau's errand boy."
Shizuka: "That's not my job title!"
Michiru: "...E-Errand boy?"
Mutsuki: "Did something happen?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh, you didn't mention that part to Michiru?"
Shizuka: "Oh, shut your mouth! I did tell her that I got assigned to the Bureau for various reasons!"
Michiru: "I... never heard why."
Shizuka: "Uu..."
Kasumi: "You see, Shii-chan..."
Shizuka: "Waaahhh! Don't start explaining! It's gonna take forever!!"
Shizuka: "I caused some trouble and as punishment, I was forced to serve in the Bureau to make up for it!! Happy now!?"
Ushio: "Well... It's true that explaining the whole thing would take a while."
Adelheid: "I would like to hear the full story at some point though."
Shizuka: "Uu... I'll tell you later."
Michiru: "...Okay, until later then."
*I'm surprised. She seems genuinely interested.*
Tsubaki: "I guess I'm up next?"
Tsubaki: "I'm Mibu Tsubaki, the acting Disciplinary Committee chair. For a while I was also a scapegoat, as Sumi-chan said, and I left the Disciplinary Committee to do that..."
Tsubaki: "But the former chairwoman, Shogoin Momoka-senpai, was actually a homunculus working with the school and consequently was sealed away."
Tsubaki: "And so, I'm temporarily filling in for her. What else is there...?"
Kasumi: "She loves cats."
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan!? You didn't need to tell everyone that!"
Mutsuki: "I love cats too! Aren't they just the cutest things?"
Tsubaki: "Y-Yeah, they are. Cats are very cute."
Tsubaki: "Cats are supreme beings. Their fur, their paws, their purrs..."
Shizuka: "M-Mibu-san, you're doing exactly what Kasumi wants you to do."
Tsubaki: "Ah!?"
Ushio: "...I believe that this was Mutsuki's fault."
Mutsuki: "But cats are cute, aren't they?"
Ushio: "They are, but..."
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan, you act like one sometimes too."
Ushio: "Huh?"
Mutsuki: "Don't you think so, Micchi?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You mean how she can be fickle and stuck up?"
Ushio: "Koga-kun, I need to have a word with you after."
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't make it sound like you're going to beat me up behind the gym storehouse."
Mutsuki: "Okay, next up is Moo-chan then."
Ushio: "Huh? Umm... Right, introductions."
Ushio: "...I'm Shishigatani Ushio, a second-year and a member of this Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs."
Mutsuki: "I don't remember the Bureau existing when I first came to this school."
Ushio: "Since you went missing, I revived it in order to be able to remain in the school after class."
Mutsuki: "Thank you, Moo-chan! She looks mean, but she's actually super nice, don't you think?"
*The latter sentence was directed towards Michiru, who hurriedly nods.*
Michiru: "Y-Yeah."
Mutsuki: "Oh, and she loves sweet things. More than you could imagine. You should see how much sugar she puts into her tea."
Ushio: "That tidbit was unnecessary."
Mutsuki: "I'm trying to show off your cute points!"
Ushio: "......"
*Mooko sighs in resignation.*
*She's extremely weak when it comes to Hanatate.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Last is us two, then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Koga Mitsuyoshi. The school's letter of invitation was originally addressed to my sister Michiru, but it sounded sketchy so I came in place of her."
Mitsuyoshi: "As a result, everyone knows me as Koga Michiru, so please go along with that as well."
Mutsuki: "Okay, got it!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Like Mooko, I'm also a member of the Bureau. That's all I've got."
Shizuka: "What about your age? You're the oldest one here."
Tsubaki: "Ah... Now that you mention it."
Louis: "How old are you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Twenty."
Mutsuki: "Whaaaat!? You're so much older than me!"
Louis: "......"
Tsubaki: "Twen...ty?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Does it come as that much of a surprise?"
Shizuka: "I'm pretty sure we all thought you were in your teens with that school uniform on you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, shut up! I'm only a year off!"
Kasumi: "Ahahaha, close enough, I guess?"
Tsubaki: "Y-Yeah, and you had your reasons for doing so. But still... I never knew you were so much older... I've been so rude to you all this time."
Mitsuyoshi: "No, no, it's fine! Please don't treat me any differently than you have up until now!!"
Adelheid: "...I'll do that then. It's a bit late to change anyway..."
Louis: "...Ja."
*It was a lot more shocking to them than I thought it'd be.*
*It never even crossed their minds that I was already well into adulthood.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, and this here is Michiru."
Michiru: "......!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Come on, don't freeze up."
Michiru: "...I'm... Koga Michiru."
*She says that in a barely audible voice and bows.*
Mitsuyoshi: "As you can see, she's awful at interacting with others, so I'd appreciate it if you could cut her some slack."
Shizuka: "Couldn't you have phrased that better..."
Mitsuyoshi: "But it's the truth."
Louis: "...I noticed that she is quite a powerful Magie."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, she definitely has the power, but she passes out when she uses it, so don't rely on her too much."
Michiru: "I-I'll do my best."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's fine. Don't push yourself like that. Please don't do anything unless we really have no choice."
Ushio: "That would be for the best. In a sense, you are the ace up our sleeves. Nobody else knows about you."
Ushio: "A great power would be easily noticed by the enemy. It shouldn't be used recklessly."
Michiru: "...Okay."
*I'm very much hoping that we manage to resolve everything without her ever having to use her power...*
Ushio: "...We've gone through everyone now."
Ushio: "Does anyone have any questions?"
Mutsuki: "I do!"
Ushio: "Go ahead."
Mutsuki: "Umm... Sorry, this might sound a bit rude, but it's been bugging me the entire time..."
Mutsuki: "Louis-san, are you... male?"
Louis: "...Not anymore, physically at least."
Mutsuki: "What do you mean?"
Louis: "When I inherited the fake eye, my body..."
Mutsuki: "What!? Something like that can happen!?"
Adelheid: "It normally wouldn't, but it's proof that Louis's body was an exceedingly good match."
Mutsuki: "I-I see... Umm, sorry about that. It was a bit too personal."
Louis: "Don't worry about it. We promised that we wouldn't keep any secrets from one another."
Mutsuki: "Okay, thank you then!"
Ushio: "...By the way, do you two not have to return to Germany?"
Louis: "No, we'll be staying here until this is resolved."
Adelheid: "As I mentioned before, I don't want to back out after we've come this far."
Ushio: "All right. We'll be counting on you."
Shizuka: "...What about you, Michiru? What are you going to do?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I wanted to send her back home after she'd stabilized a bit more, but..."
Michiru: "I'm not going home."
Mitsuyoshi: "...She keeps refusing, as you can see."
Kasumi: "Hmm, it would be more reassuring if she helped us out."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, she's definitely a valuable ally."
Tsubaki: "However, she's not a student here, so wouldn't she have to be absent from her own school the entire time?"
Michiru: "It's okay."
Mitsuyoshi: "No, it's not."
Ushio: "It is definitely a problem to have an outsider stay here, but..."
Louis: "To begin with, what exactly is her power anyway?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I have no clue."
Louis: "You know nothing about it at all?"
Michiru: "...N-No."
Shizuka: "It seems like she can do a lot of things. She talked to me in my dreams, and she teleported here."
Michiru: "Umm, I-I... can't do everything. There are things I can and can't do..."
Michiru: "But when I use it, it's like I'm doing it subconsciously, like I'm in a trance... I can't really explain how I'm doing it..."
Shizuka: "What about when you were meeting me in my dreams then? You were talking to me, weren't you?"
Michiru: "That was because... I was curious about how Onii-chan was doing. I wanted some way to find out and it just sort of happened."
Louis: "...I see."
Louis: "As a Magie myself, I believe that relying on her power would be dangerous."
Ushio: "How so?"
Louis: "For starters, falling unconscious after one uses their power is a sign that the vessel is unable to keep up with the strength of their mana."
Louis: "That was the reason why I collapsed last time. I was suddenly forcing my body to use a power that didn't originally belong to me."
Louis: "Furthermore, it's possible for a power to go rampant if the vessel isn't accustomed to it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Go rampant..."
Louis: "Keeping that in mind, we shouldn't carelessly ask for her help."
Michiru: "......"
*What Louis says reminds Michiru of a case in the past, and she looks down to the ground, depressed.*
*Honestly, that's what scares me the most as well.*
*It's exactly why I didn't let her come to this school and went as far as lying about my identity.*
Kasumi: "Hmm... That makes sense. It's definitely a bad idea to use it without a second thought..."
Shizuka: "But our opponents are strong. Shogoin-senpai may be sealed away, but the principal is still free."
Tsubaki: "But if we rely on her and end up with more than we bargained for..."
Shizuka: "Y-Yeah, that's true."
Mutsuki: "It's only bad if she forces herself to suddenly use it, right? Couldn't she just learn to use it properly?"
Ushio: "...Come to think of it, isn't her not knowing how to control her own power the most dangerous part of all?"
Louis: "Indeed."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, having her learn that is pretty high on my wishlist, but... Hey, Michiru."
Michiru: "......"
*I happen to notice Michiru starting to sway and nod off.*
Mutsuki: "Oh dear... Staying awake for this long is still too much for her, huh?"
Kasumi: "Let's call it a day and let her sleep."
Ushio: "That sounds good."
Ushio: "Koga-kun, regardless of what happens, you should stay by her side until she's fully recovered. It would be better than sending her home by herself when she's still like this."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah. Even if she did go back, I'd be afraid since she'd be alone."
*For now, we'll leave what to do about Michiru aside and have her stay in my room for a little while longer.*
Ushio: "Our next step will be to search for clues throughout the school and the dorms regarding what happened 20 years ago."
Tsubaki: "Got it. I'll check if there are any documents about it in the Disciplinary Committee office."
Ushio: "Please do so. We were thinking about going through the principal's office and leaving no stone unturned."
Louis: "There is something that I'd like to test out first, so we'll be taking a different course of action."
Adelheid: "What did you want to try?"
Louis: "I'm not gonn―going to know until I try."
Adelheid: "What's that supposed to mean?"
Louis: "I don't mean to get your hopes up. If all goes well, we will inform you about it."
Ushio: "...Understood."
*Mooko doesn't pry into it any further, fully aware that when Louis is like this, he's not going to answer any questions.*
*Heidi, however, is sulking beside her butler.*
Ushio: "I'll be counting on everyone as we'll all be working together on this."
Mutsuki: "Okay!"
Kasumi: "Leave it to me! Let's all do our best!"
Tsubaki: "Yeah, let's get to the bottom of this."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, I'll head back first and put Michiru to bed."
Ushio: "Take care."
*...And with that, today's meeting was adjourned, and we all went our separate ways.*
*Carrying the sleeping Michiru on my back, I walk back to the dorms.*
*Mooko said that there were some materials she wanted to go through and remained in the library, and Sumi-chan had something she wanted to talk about with Murakumo, so it's just us two.*
*The school is deserted since the Disciplinary Committee is done with their rounds for the day.*
*The wind soughs as it blows through the campus.*
Michiru: "...Mm."
Michiru: "...Mm? Ah... Onii-chan...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you're awake."
*She raises her head and looks around to examine her surroundings.*
Michiru: "...Did I fall asleep?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. Go back to sleep."
Michiru: "What about the meeting?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's already over for today."
Michiru: "Uu... Sorry. It was because I dozed off, wasn't it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, that's not it. There was nothing more to talk about."
Michiru: "...Really?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, so don't sweat it."
Michiru: "......"
*She doesn't respond after that.*
*I didn't feel her nodding either.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I'm sure she's mulling over it...)
*She probably feels awkward about it since she said all that stuff about helping out but ended up falling asleep early.*
*She wants to give some sort of excuse but can't find the right words for it... It's that kind of silence.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Really, there's no need to push yourself so hard."
Michiru: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's not like we're trying to exclude you or treat you like an outsider. You get that, don't you?"
Michiru: "Well... Yeah."
Michiru: "Everyone's... really nice..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Right? So you don't need to worry about something like that."
Michiru: "I know that... and... I also know what you're worrying about."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah."
*―Her power going rampant.*
*Both of us are painfully aware of what Louis mentioned.*
Michiru: "But... even if I went home by myself..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... We should consider ourselves lucky that it was Murakumo who you met in the dream world."
*Who knows what would've happened if she ran into someone like the principal instead?*
*I don't know if a similar thing could happen to homunculi, but I heard that she was in the dream world too when we went, so I can't discount it entirely.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You managed to transport yourself all the way here because you wished for it, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Can't you hold yourself back?"
Michiru: "...That's not fair."
Mitsuyoshi: "Not fair?"
Michiru: "Mutsuki-san said that the pot shouldn't be calling the kettle black."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Michiru: "You're fighting these weird enemies at this crazy school, and when push comes to shove―"
Michiru: "You act recklessly too, and you're making me worry."
Michiru: "So it's not fair that you're telling me to hold back."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah, I see. You're right."
*I think back to Mooko's expression at the time and smile wryly.*
*I'm probably making the same expression now.*
*It's a good thing that Michiru's on my back right now so she can't see my face.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, I guess we're both at fault."
Michiru: "Y-Yeah, so it's impossible for me!"
Michiru: "Asking me to not worry about you... is just..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah."
*It's out of the question.*
*If she asked me to not worry about her, it'd be an unreasonable request.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right. I won't ask you to go home right away anymore, but at least promise me that you won't recklessly try to use your power."
Michiru: "...Okay."
Michiru: "I won't unless I'm sure I can handle it."
Mitsuyoshi: "That would help a lot."
*I'm hoping that she never has to use it.*
*No, she mustn't use it...*
Mitsuyoshi: (I don't want to experience a repeat of that...)
*―After that, a week passed with neither progress nor incident.*
Mutsuki: "Hmm, there aren't any clues at all..."
Ushio: "The only clue we found before was by sheer coincidence."
*Mooko picks up the flyer with the cute illustration on it off the desk.*
*It's an advertisement for the school festival from back then, and is the only remnant from 20 years ago, which we found entirely by chance in the storeroom in the back of the library.*
*We gave the storeroom another thorough search, but there was nothing else of use.*
Ushio: Ushio: "It goes to show how much effort the school spent to cover up what happened."
Shizuka: "It's the same with the Disciplinary Committee's records. Mibu-san looked through all of them..."
*Heidi and Louis are still in the midst of testing whatever Louis mentioned before.*
*For the record, Michiru is, as usual, sleeping away most of her day.*
Kasumi: "We've looked everywhere by now, but there's nothing to be found."
Shizuka: "They must really want to keep whatever it is they're hiding a secret."
Mutsuki: "Yeah, though they didn't hide the biggest thing."
Shizuka: "Huh?"
Mutsuki: "Didn't a lot of students lose their lives in the fire? That's huge. It'd destroy the school's reputation."
Kasumi: "Hmm, yeah, that's true."
Mutsuki: "But they never covered up that fact."
Shizuka: "That sounds like it'd be impossible to hide."
Mutsuki: "But the bodies of the missing students weren't found, right?"
Shizuka: "Yeah, and that's why we thought that they might still be alive."
Mutsuki: "Right, so how come they didn't hide the bodies of the ones who did die?"
Shizuka: "Huh...?"
Mutsuki: "They could've passed it off as some sort of phenomenon where a mysterious bolt of lightning struck the school, set it ablaze, and the students were all spirited away."
Ushio: "...But they didn't do that..."
Ushio: "In other words, it was never their intention to avoid a scandal..."
Mutsuki: "It might be that they couldn't, rather than didn't."
Ushio: "......"
*Mooko traces her shapely chin with her fingers.*
*Her brain is running at dizzying speeds.*
Kasumi: "Is that important though?"
Mutsuki: "Hmm, I don't know. I just thought it was a bit weird."
*She turns to face Mooko as she says that.*
*Lost in her own thoughts, Mooko suddenly looks up at us.*
Ushio: "...Which do you think it is? That they couldn't or didn't?"
Shizuka: "Huh? We don't even know the cause of the fire or who came up with all of this, so how could we tell...?"
Ushio: "It's a hypothesis taking all of that into account, although I do admit that we don't have enough information."
Ushio: "The major premise is that the missing students were not found by anybody for 20 years, and their souls have been possessing regular students."
Ushio: "I do not believe that this is an everyday spell."
Kasumi: "It'd be safe to assume that only a Magie would be capable of pulling it off."
Mitsuyoshi: "Like Kral Lazurit? She's the one who founded the school in the first place."
Shizuka: "But she got caught up in that fire and died, didn't she?"
Kasumi: "She might not have died right away and had the time to hide some students or help them escape."
Ushio: "Yes, we can't rule out the possibility of it being Lazurit just yet."
Shizuka: "Hmm, okay."
Ushio: "The ones responsible for forcibly bringing them back to life are the principal and the administration. There's no doubt about that."
Ushio: "―Going back to the original question: Did they decide to not conceal the fire, or were they unable to?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I think..."
*They were unable to*
*They decided not to*
Mitsuyoshi: "...they were unable to."
Ushio: "I agree."
Kasumi: "What makes you say that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "The ones working to revive the missing students are homunculi."
Mitsuyoshi: "Homunculi act according to their master's wishes."
Mitsuyoshi: "If they were never ordered to cover up the fire, they wouldn't be able to do so."
Mitsuyoshi: "And since Lazurit died in the accident, they couldn't do it in the end."
Shizuka: "So basically, Lazurit never gave out the order to the principal and the others before she died."
Ushio: "No, we don't know yet whether or not Lazurit is their master."
Shizuka: "Who else could've made them if not her?"
Ushio: "For all we know, there could've been other Magie here back then."
Kasumi: "Even now, there are already quite a few here: me, Hime-chan, Louis-san, and Michiru-chan."
Shizuka: "I guess..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...they decided not to."
Mutsuki: "What makes you say that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Concealing everything would involve hiding the fact that Lazurit herself died as well."
Mitsuyoshi: "I was thinking that they probably didn't want to do that."
Kasumi: "Ah, I understand where you're coming from, but what about the opposite? It might've been so sad for them that they wanted to pretend it never happened."
Mutsuki: "Huh? But the ones who did everything after the fire were the principal and the administration, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... Oh!!"
Ushio: "...Do you remember now? They are homunculi."
Mitsuyoshi: "Right... They only do what they've been ordered to..."
Ushio: "Most likely, they were never told to cover up the fire."
Shizuka: "Well, given that Lazurit herself died in the fire, it's possible that she couldn't have given the order to begin with."
Ushio: "No, we don't yet know for sure that Lazurit was the one who made them."
Kasumi: "You mean there could've been other Magie here? Ah, but I guess there are quite a few right now."
Mutsuki: "Even if their master were someone else, I wonder if that person died in the fire as well."
Kasumi: "I think so. And there's something else besides the lack of an order to cover up the fire."
Kasumi: "How do I put it... Don't you think that it doesn't feel like someone's pulling the strings behind the homunculi?"
Ushio: "Indeed... If there were someone controlling them―"
Ushio: "Then for the past 20 years, that person would've been constantly giving them the order to revive the Night students using the day students."
Mutsuki: "That... doesn't even sound human..."
Mitsuyoshi: "So they've stuck to this outrageous plan because there's no longer anyone who can order them to stop?"
Ushio: "Doesn't this feel similar to what happened with Hyter Sprite?"
Ushio: "An ambiguous request resulting in an unexpected turn of events."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, now that you mention it..."
Ushio: "...Granted, this is all nothing but speculation."
Mutsuki: "Yeah, though I think you're right about the part where the administration couldn't hide the fire because they were never told to..."
Mutsuki: "Their master probably never gave them the cruel order of erasing the entire scandal from the books."
Ushio: "......"
Mutsuki: "Hmm? What's wrong, Moo-chan?"
Ushio: "It's nothing... I can never hold a candle to you, Mutsuki."
Mutsuki: "Huh? What are you talking about?"
Kasumi: "Ahaha, I totally know what you mean! Hanatate-san is such a good person."
Mutsuki: "H-Huh? Am I...?"
Mitsuyoshi: (This part of her is kind of like Omaru.)
*In the face of a serious conjecture, she says something that's full of kindness.*
*It's funny seeing Mooko weak to that, and I can't help but stifle a laugh.*
Ushio: "...Anyway!!"
*Ah, she noticed.*
*She glares at me out of the corner of her eye and tries to get the conversation back on track.*
Ushio: "There's a limit to how much we can speculate on the few clues we have."
Shizuka: "We've pretty much looked through every place we could. Do you have any other ideas?"
Ushio: "We'll have to rely on our last resort."
Kasumi: "What is it?"
Ushio: "Let's ask Rito-san to see if there's a Mist that can help us figure out what happened 20 years ago."
Mitsuyoshi: "That really is a last resort!"
Ushio: "I didn't want to have to play this card either."
Shizuka: "Having to deal with compensation and whatever is a pain..."
Mutsuki: "But is there really a Mist like that?"
Ushio: "We won't know until we..."
*The phone in the office rings, interrupting Mooko mid-sentence.*
*She doesn't seem fazed by it and quickly picks up the receiver.*
Ushio: "Hello, you've reached the Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs―"
Louis: "...That's not it. Hmm... Maybe this..."
Adelheid: "......"
*As always, Louis is going through a bunch of books while not even acknowledging my presence.*
*After flipping through a couple pages and not finding what he was looking for, he puts the book back on the shelf and then, after a bit of contemplation, moves on to a completely different shelf...*
Adelheid: (...He could at least tell me what he's looking for...)
*That way I could do something to help out, and it'd improve our chances of finding it.*
*Yet Louis pays me no heed as I follow behind him, wandering among the bookshelves.*
*I know that it's because he hates having others―in this case, me―follow him down a rabbit hole.*
Adelheid: (But it makes it seem like he doesn't have any faith in me at all...)
*If I complained about it, I'm sure this sharp-tongued butler would just scoff and say, "As if I care".*
Adelheid: (Thanks to him, we haven't shown up at the Bureau for the past few days, and we have no idea if they've made any progress.)
*It's probably safe to assume that they haven't, since they would have told us if anything came up.*
*Even so, I've gotten tired of following Louis around as he navigates through these bookshelves like a tropical fish swimming through coral reefs.*
Adelheid: (I should've called out to Koga when he walked past earlier.)
*He didn't notice us and went straight to the Bureau.*
*Some small talk would've taken his mind off the lack of progress at least.*
Louis: "...I thought so... Wait, is there not enough...?"
Adelheid: "...Geez!"
*I hear him muttering to himself again, and I can't help but let out a discontented noise.*
Louis: "Did you say something?"
*He closes the book he was reading and responds to me for once.*
*It might've been that I got lucky with the timing and it was just as he was done reading.*
Adelheid: "What have you been searching for all this time? Can't you at least tell me that much?"
Louis: "Did I not mention it to you?"
Adelheid: "You haven't told me anything!"
*I hurriedly follow Louis as he walks off.*
Adelheid: "Were you planning on telling me? Did you not think it was weird that I haven't been doing anything at all?"
Louis: "I never noticed... Hmm, maybe around here."
*He's reaching for another book, so I stare at him up close from the side before he can start ignoring me.*
Adelheid: "What are you looking for? Can't you tell me!?"
Louis: "A way to attract cats."
Adelheid: "Huh?"
Louis: "There, I've told you. Now don't bother me."
*He pushes me on the forehead to force me back.*
Adelheid: "...Cats?"
*What do cats have to do with the situation?*
Adelheid: (No, there's no way Louis is searching for a way to make her happy at such a critical time.)
*He wouldn't ignore the incident from 20 years ago to do something so strange.*
*This is Louis we're talking about.*
Adelheid: (There has to be some meaning behind it. Are cats necessary for some sort of spell?)
*Maybe there's some way to search in places humans can't by using them as familiars or magical vehicles.*
Adelheid: (It's Louis. I'm sure he came up with some creative plan like that.)
*If it doesn't succeed, it will have been a huge waste of time, which would explain why he didn't mention anything to the others.*
*In that case, perhaps I should try to find a cat somewhere while he's researching.*
Adelheid: "...Hey, Louis, how about I go..."
Louis: "Yeah, that would be helpful."
Adelheid: "Great, then I'll be..."
Louis: "Make it quick. It should be in our room."
Adelheid: "In our room!?"
Louis: "Why are you so surprised? Didn't we make a copy of the magic circle that was destroyed?"
Adelheid: "...Magic circle? Copy? O-Oh, yes, that should be in our room."
Louis: "I'm asking you to go grab it for me. You said you'd go, right? Now hurry up."
Adelheid: "I-I get it already!"
*I have no idea how we went from cats to magic circles, but I can't do anything about that.*
*It seems to be important, and he probably wouldn't explain even if I asked, so I rush out of the library to go to the east dorm.*
Maya: "Ah, Adelheid-san. Hey there."
Adelheid: "Oh... Good day."
*Just as I enter the dormitory lobby, I run into Kurodani Maya as she's coming down the stairs.*
*If I remember correctly, she's Koga Mitsuyoshi's classmate and she loves rumors.*
Adelheid: (...Ah, then maybe she would know...)
Adelheid: "Hey, would you mind if I asked you something?"
Maya: "Hmm? What do you need?"
Adelheid: "Is there anyone in this dorm who keeps a cat?"
Maya: "A cat? I don't think so. Pets aren't allowed here in the first place."
Adelheid: "Oh... What about any methods for luring a cat here then?"
Maya: "Do you want to keep one?"
Adelheid: "Oh, umm, not me. I know someone who wants one."
Maya: "I see. Hmm, you could go out to a pet shop in the city..."
Adelheid: "That might be a bit hard."
Maya: "I thought so. The next holiday isn't for a while either."
*That's not the problem here, but I don't speak up since explaining would be much too troublesome.*
Maya: "Hmm, silver vine would... but you'd need to get your hands on some."
Adelheid: "Silver vine? That is a plant, correct?"
Maya: "It makes cats get drunk."
Adelheid: "Ah, yes. There is an herb called catnip that does something similar."
Maya: "Huh, is that so? I didn't know there was something else that would do that!"
Adelheid: "Hmm, but unfortunately, I don't have any on hand at the moment."
*I never imagined that we would need to attract cats, so I didn't include it in the perfume ingredients I brought with me.*
*I definitely have some back home...*
Adelheid: (We don't have the time to wait for it be delivered, and I doubt it would be growing in the area...)
Maya: "What else... Maybe fish?"
Adelheid: "Fish? Luring them with food?"
Maya: "Yeah, although I haven't seen very many stray cats around."
Adelheid: "...That's true."
*Or rather, if there were... Mibu Tsubaki would already be constantly visiting them.*
Adelheid: (Since she's not doing that, there probably aren't any cats here...)
*That would be why Louis is looking for some sort of spell to obtain one.*
Adelheid: (Oh, but wait. What does he need the copy of the magic circle for...)
Adelheid: "Ahh!!"
Maya: "Huh!? Is something wrong?"
Adelheid: "My apologies, I forgot I was in the middle of an errand. I have to get going."
Maya: "Ahaha, so that's it. See you."
Adelheid: "Thank you for your time."
*He told me to hurry, and yet I got lost in a conversation about cats.*
Adelheid: (The copy, the copy... Really now, what does it have to do with cats...?)
Maya: "...What an interesting person."
Maya: "Come to think of it, this might be the first time I've seen her without her butler... Huh?"
Maya: "What's this? A cat ornament?"
Maya: "It's adorable! Did Adelheid-san drop it...?"
Ushio: "―Ah, Yoshida-san."
*It seems that our classmate Yoshida Soara is on the other end of the line.*
*I can hear her somewhat panicked voice leaking out from the receiver.*
Soara: "Yes, umm! Sorry to bother you, but would Maya-chan happen to be with you?"
Ushio: "Kurodani-san? No, she hasn't come by, and it's already way past curfew, so she shouldn't have left the dorms."
Soara: "That's what I thought too..."
Ushio: "...What happened? Are you saying that she disappeared?"
*We turn to face each other, shocked by the news.*
*Kurodani's missing...?*
Soara: "Th-That's right! She hasn't come back, and I've looked all over the dorm building for her..."
Ushio: "Calm down, Yoshida-san. What do you mean that she hasn't come back?"
Soara: "Ah, sorry! Umm, she left my room to go buy juice."
Ushio: "Juice... So the vending machine in the dorm's lobby?"
Soara: "Yes, that's right. But I thought that she was taking a while so I went there to check, but she wasn't there..."
Soara: "I thought that maybe we missed each other so I went back to my room, but again, she wasn't there, and then I looked all over the building and couldn't find her."
Soara: "Maybe I'm just being paranoid, but I can't help but wonder where she is when she couldn't have gone outside..."
Ushio: "I understand. We'll help you look for her."
Soara: "Thank you so much, and sorry for the trouble!"
Ushio: "Don't be. Please stay in your room. She might return, and it's getting late."
Soara: "Okay, I'll do that!"
Ushio: "Talk to you soon."
Ushio: "I'm sure you all heard what's going on, but Kurodani-san seems to be missing."
Kasumi: "Should we start looking for her now?"
Ushio: "That would be appreciated. It would be great if nothing happened to her, but you can't let your guard down with this school."
*With a jingling noise, Sumi-chan takes out the Key of Janus that's hanging around her neck.*
*It's a Mist with the power to immediately open a door to any place or any person you have in mind.*
Kasumi: "Yeah, let's get to it... Oh, wait, I can't do it. I don't know what she looks like."
Shizuka: "Ah, I'll do it then. I've got more than enough mana for one use, and I've got my own."
*One key originally belonged to the principal, but we at the Bureau acquired it and now the two siblings each have a copy.*
Ushio: "Indeed. I'm sure I have enough as well, but it'd be much safer if you did it."
*In exchange for her high magical resistance, Mooko possesses a low amount of mana.*
*She may have enough for one use, but if she tried to use the key a second time, it wouldn't work unless the target were close by.*
*As for me, my mana levels can't even be considered low. I have none.*
*Hanatate has never met Kurodani before either, so the obvious choice is to have Murakumo handle it.*
Kasumi: "Counting on you then, Shii-chan."
Shizuka: "All right."
Shizuka: "It'd be bad if a door suddenly opened in front of her, wouldn't it? Should I open it slowly?"
Ushio: "Let's err on the side of caution."
Shizuka: "Got it. Let's see, Kurodani, Kurodani..."
*He takes out his copy of the key and walks up to the Bureau office's door.*
*Someone with strong mana like Sumi-chan can open a door in midair, but Murakumo's playing it safe and using a physical door.*
Shizuka: "...Huh? The garden?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Garden?"
Shizuka: "That's what I'm seeing... but wait, there's nobody here."
Kasumi: "Huh? That's impossible."
Shizuka: "See for yourself."
*He opens the door fully, which was only open a crack up until now.*
*On the other side is definitely the school garden.*
Mutsuki: "...You're right."
Ushio: "There's not a single person to be found..."
Kasumi: "I wonder what's going on. If the Key of Janus has led us somewhere, that should be where she is."
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you sure you pictured the right person?"
Shizuka: "I wouldn't make that basic a mistake! You know that I've memorized the names and faces of every student here!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... So why did this happen?"
Ushio: "...It's a sign that something strange is going on."
Ushio: "Let's split up. The key led us to the garden, so we should start searching there―"
Ushio: "And I think we should also ask Rito-san about this situation."
Kasumi: "Like if the key's malfunctioning or if there's another Mist that's out of control?"
Ushio: "Yes, exactly, as well as if there are any Mists that could help us find out what happened 20 years ago."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Your last resort."
Ushio: "It does pose some danger, but we've come to a dead end."
Ushio: "With that, Koga-kun, Murakumo-kun, could I ask you two to go to Rito-san?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why us? Wouldn't you be the better option when it comes to talking about Mists?"
Ushio: "If we need to, you're able to enter the treasury."
Mitsuyoshi: "...I see. Okay."
Mutsuki: "So the rest of us are going to be searching the garden?"
Ushio: "Yes... Actually, it might be good for you to meet Rito-san."
Mutsuki: "Oh, just to say hi and stuff?"
*Now that she mentions it, those two haven't met yet.*
Kasumi: "I'm with Shishigatani-san then."
Ushio: "Yes, let's go take a look."
*The two girls walk through the open door to the garden.*
*Murakumo closes it after them and removes the key, turning it back to a normal door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, let's get going too, Shizuka-chan and Hanatate."
Shizuka: "Don't call me that!!"
Mutsuki: "Huh? What happened to Mucchan?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh... Ah, umm..."
*I completely forgot about the nickname.*
Shizuka: "You're even the one who named her that."
Mitsuyoshi: "What's with the sudden aggressiveness!? Umm, sorry, give me some more time to get used to it."
Mutsuki: "Oh fine."
Mitsuyoshi: "Anyway, let's get a move on."
Mutsuki: "Okay, off we go!"
*She takes the lead and leaves the office.*
Mutsuki: "I'll do my best!"
Shizuka: "...How can she be so motivated?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It was that motivation that led her to join in the first place, though we still haven't made much progress with our investigation."
Mutsuki: "Come on, you two!"
Mitsuyoshi: "We're coming."
Shizuka: "Well, works for me."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito, you here?"
Rito: "...You called?"
*As we're walking amongst the bookshelves and peering down the aisles between them, Rito appears from behind the bookshelf furthest back.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Rito. Umm, she's Hanatate Mutsuki..."
Mutsuki: "Yay, it's Rito! Hey there!"
Rito: "Ah, Hanatate Mutsuki. Long time no see."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? You two know each other?"
Shizuka: "Oh yeah, she visited the library all the time before we became second-years, so there's no way she wouldn't know Rito."
*So that's what she meant by saying hi.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I always forget that Mooko and Hanatate are my seniors."
Shizuka: "So am I..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Nothing would change even if I remembered that you were."
Shizuka: "What's with that difference in treatment!?"
Mutsuki: "Hmm, it didn't feel like that long to me, but I guess it's because I was unconscious."
Rito: "That appears to be the case, but I don't sense anything abnormal about you."
Mutsuki: "Good to hear."
*Not only do the two girls know each other, they seem to be good friends too.*
Rito: "So you only came to say hello?"
Mutsuki: "That's part of it, but there's also something we want to ask."
Rito: "What is it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Just to make sure, the Key of Janus normally wouldn't malfunction, right?"
Rito: "That's impossible, assuming that the user has enough mana."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm, then why didn't we see Kurodani anywhere?"
Mutsuki: "Could she have warped somewhere else after the door was opened? Is there a Mist that can do that?"
Rito: "The Key of Janus is the most versatile of all the Mists that allow instantaneous movement."
Shizuka: "Wait, wouldn't that mean she has yet another copy of the key?"
Mutsuki: "How many are there in total?"
Rito: "There should be two at this school."
Shizuka: "So the one Kasumi has and the one I just used."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is it possible that there's a third?"
Rito: "There are only two in my records."
Shizuka: "Which means that Kurodani doesn't have another."
Mutsuki: "Besides, if she used the key, wouldn't Murakumo-kun have barely caught a glimpse of her back when he opened the door?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, and if she'd already used it, the door would've taken us there directly."
Shizuka: "Hmm, it doesn't sound likely that she has a key then, especially since there are only two."
Mutsuki: "Another Mist perhaps?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It could be something else entirely. Maybe she just happened to fall somewhere we couldn't see and Mooko and Sumi-chan have found her already."
Shizuka: "I sure hope that's all it is..."
Rito: "Is that all you wanted to ask me?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, one more thing. We want to know what happened when the fire broke out here 20 years ago."
Rito: "20 years ago... I have no records of that either."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, we know."
*Her creator is none other than Kral Lazurit, whose name came up during our meeting the other day.*
*However, records pertaining to 20 years ago were blotted out with magic ink.*
*Someone deliberately erased those events from her memory.*
Mitsuyoshi: "We were wondering if there's a Mist that could look into the past."
Rito: "There is."
Shizuka: "S-Seriously?"
Mutsuki: "An immediate answer as always."
Mitsuyoshi: "What kind of Mist is it then?"
Rito: "Its name is Ambriel. It was created as 'special pens for twins', and once you clear certain conditions, you will be able to know about the past."
Mitsuyoshi: "Fill us in on all the details."
*Ask about its shape and effects*
*Ask about how to use it*
*Ask about its compensation*
Rito: "It comes as a pair of quill pens and a bottle of ink."
Mitsuyoshi: "Pens and ink?"
Rito: "Yes. They're normally contained inside a box. This Mist allows its user to take notes on the memories of someone from the past."
Rito: "With that, you would be able to look into past events."
*It is apparently a set of two quill pens and a bottle of ink, stored in a box.*
*It allows you to take notes on the memories of someone from the past.*
Mutsuki: "How exactly do you use it?"
Rito: "To use it, you need an item that belonged to someone who was present in the time period you wish to know about."
Shizuka: "Something belonging to them!? We're already short on clues as it is..."
Rito: "Infuse a pen with mana and lightly tap the tip against that item. It will start writing notes automatically once you place the pen on top of some paper."
Mitsuyoshi: "What are those notes going to be?"
Rito: "The memories of that item's owner. Reading them should give you some insight into the past."
*An item belonging to the person we want to find out about is needed to use the Mist.*
*Tapping the tip of a mana-infused pen against it will cause the pen to start writing out memories from the past.*
Shizuka: "Is it dangerous in any way? Does it need some sort of unusual mana or compensation...?"
Rito: "As long as you use it appropriately, there is no danger. The amount of mana needed depends on how far into the past you want to look."
Mitsuyoshi: "What do you mean by appropriately?"
Rito: "Using it as intended. If someone with no mana touches it, it won't operate, so it will never activate by itself."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see. That sounds pretty safe."
*It seems to be the kind of Mist that won't operate without mana.*
*It won't take anything other than mana.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What else should we ask about...?"
Mutsuki: "Hmm, it doesn't sound like it's dangerous... but do we have something from 20 years ago? Finding clues is hard enough as it is."
Mitsuyoshi: "We can deal with that later. Let's get our hands on that Mist first. I just have to look for a box with pens inside, right?"
Shizuka: "The treasury, huh... You can go in and out of it without any issues?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, you don't have to worry about me."
Shizuka: "I'm not worrying!"
Mutsuki: "Okay, okay, let's get going!"
*She strikes me and Murakumo on the back with her two hands and pushes us in the direction of the treasury.*
Mutsuki: "Ah, thanks, Rito."
Rito: "You're welcome. Come back anytime."
Mitsuyoshi: "We'll probably be back later to get a more thorough explanation on how to use it."
Rito: "I see. I'll be waiting then."
Mutsuki: "Ooh, so this is the treasury."
*We head down the flight of stairs located at the back of the library.*
*That's where the treasury is.*
*At first glance, there is nothing more than a faint light, and no door or anything blocking the way―*
Mutsuki: "Ah, you're right. It feels like something's pushing back."
*She slowly moves a finger forward and quickly pulls it back.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You'll be sent flying if you get any closer than that."
*It's happened to Omaru once before.*
Mutsuki: "Got it. I'll keep my distance."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, I'll be right back."
Mutsuki: "Good luck."
Shizuka: "Make it quick."
*I haven't set foot in the treasury since the time I followed the principal here.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's see, a pair of pens and an ink bottle."
*I look around to try and find something resembling it, but it's really hard when most of them are tightly wrapped with talismans...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Shoot, I forgot about that."
*And she said that they're normally inside a box.*
*There are a million rectangular-shaped objects here.*
*There's no way I can tell which one has pens and ink inside.*
Mutsuki: "Well? Did you find it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, they're all wrapped with talismans and I can't tell."
Shizuka: "What the hell!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You forgot about that too, didn't you?"
Shizuka: "I thought you knew how to look for it since you seemed so confident..."
*Having left the treasury, I talk to them and Murakumo looks annoyed.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's impossible without knowing how big the box is or what it even looks like."
Mutsuki: "Back to Rito's then?"
*It's laughable, but we dejectedly return to the library.*
Adelheid: "What!? Isn't that what you wanted!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Shizuka: "Isn't that the mistress? Wonder what's going on."
*Heading in the direction of the voice, we find Heidi lashing out at Louis.*
Adelheid: "I thought you meant cats, as in the ones that go 'meow'!!"
Louis: "Of course not. Why would I want a cat?"
Shizuka: "What are they talking about...?"
*Murakumo thinks aloud after hearing their nonsensical conversation, and the two of them notice us.*
Louis: "I didn't realize you were here. Did you figure anything out?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko's decided that we're going with our last resort."
Louis: "...That works for me. Was there one?"
Mutsuki: "You figured out what he was referring to? That's amazing."
Louis: "You're too kind."
*Realizing that Hanatate is with us, Louis gives a polite bow befitting a butler.*
Adelheid: "Hold on a minute!! What is this 'last resort'!?"
Louis: "Given where we are, it would have to mean one of those Mists that Lazurit gathered. It would take someone with an impaired imagination to not understand that."
Adelheid: "Uu... Well sorry for being dull...!!"
Mutsuki: "Come on now, don't fight. Louis-san sure can be harsh with his words in spite of how he acts."
Adelheid: "You said it!! That politeness is totally forced, and it annoys me to no end..."
Mutsuki: "Now, now, calm down."
*...It doesn't seem like Hanatate minds Louis's behaviour at all though.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I don't think pretending to be polite is going to get you anywhere."
Louis: "...Seems that way."
*Leaving Heidi to Hanatate, Louis turns to ask me again:*
Louis: "So is there a Mist?"
Mitsuyoshi: "According to Rito, yes."
Louis: "You can't find it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "The sealing talismans are in the way, so I can't tell which one it is. We were on our way back to Rito to ask for more specifics."
*When I say that, he sighs and slumps his shoulders.*
Louis: "You idiot. You should've asked me first."
Shizuka: "I don't deny that Koga's an idiot, but what's asking you going to do?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Shizuka-chan, I need to have a word with you after."
Louis: "Can you tell me a bit about what the Mist is like and its effects?"
Mutsuki: "Umm, it's called Ambriel, and it consists of two pens and a bottle of ink. It's able to let us know about past events."
*He completely ignores us.*
*I'm not surprised though.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito said that it's normally inside a box though. What good is asking about that?"
Louis: "I'm going to 'summon' that magical tool."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Louis: "Do you remember that time I unconsciously summoned a Mist?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, that weird lamp, right? The one that causes homunculi to shrink when it glows."
Louis: "If I know its shape and purpose, I should be able to summon it intentionally... since I'm a Magie."
*He extends his hand as he says that.*
*Suddenly, without any warning or context, a box falls into his palm.*
Mutsuki: "A box?"
*Inside is... two pens and a bottle of ink.*
Louis: "Is this it?"
Mutsuki: "Yeah, it is! It's exactly as Rito described!"
Mitsuyoshi: "That was amazing."
Louis: "It doesn't have to be a Magie. Within this school, any normal person can call it out if their goals and wavelengths align with the Mist's."
Louis: "...Isn't that why you've had to go through all that hardship?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah..."
Shizuka: "Though it was all his fault to begin with."
Mitsuyoshi: "I had no choice!! If I didn't do anything, Omaru and Hanatate's body would've been seriously injured!"
Mutsuki: "You stepped on and broke the bronze statue when you were trying to catch him after falling from a window, but it turned out to be the seal, right? Moo-chan told me."
Adelheid: "Bronze statues can be broken by stepping on them...?"
Shizuka: "You're forgetting how stupidly strong Koga is."
Mitsuyoshi: "Shut it. It's the school's fault for not fixing it..."
Adelheid: "Wouldn't repairing the seal require a lot of effort from the school?"
Louis: "Probably."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? What do you mean?"
Louis: "This school has a lot of complicated magical barriers. They've been arranged with minute detail so that they don't interfere with one another."
Louis: "Repairing the seal would affect them, so it's not as easy as you might think."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I see."
Louis: "For now, I'll leave this Mist with you. I'm still in the middle of researching something."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, thanks."
*After accepting the box from him, I close the lid.*
Mutsuki: "But this requires an item that belonged to someone from 20 years ago, doesn't it?"
Shizuka: "Finding that is going to be the bottleneck."
Mutsuki: "If only we could summon one as easily as this Mist."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ah."
Shizuka: "Did you think of something?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Louis, could I ask you to summon one more Mist?"
Louis: "...Very well."
*With a somewhat bitter expression, he agrees.*
Louis: "Which one?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hyter Sprite."
Shizuka: "That thing!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's perfect for the job, no?"
Louis: "What is that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It looks like a pocketwatch, and a fairy appears when you open it. That fairy is able to search for anything."
Mutsuki: "Ah, Moo-chan told me about that too. I get it. We can have the fairy look for it!"
Shizuka: "It's going to be a disaster if we don't give it the proper instructions..."
Louis: "Hmm, I see..."
*He holds out his hand again.*
*Within seconds, a pocketwatch appears in it.*
Louis: "This?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yep, thanks a bunch."
Mutsuki: "Louis-san, you're like an omnipotent cat-shaped robot."
Louis: "......"
Adelheid: "He's not nearly as kind."
Louis: "I'm neither fat nor absent-minded, and I don't have a strange attraction to Japanese sweets."
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure know a lot about it."
Adelheid: "It was broadcast a lot when we were studying abroad..."
Louis: "Oh, I will admit that we are similar in that I have someone frivolous by my side who always needs my attention."
Adelheid: "......! Hey! They wouldn't say something as nasty as that!"
Mutsuki: "U-Umm, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have mentioned it."
Mitsuyoshi: "You really helped us out. Thanks again. See you later."
Shizuka: "Let's go back to Rito and ask her about how to use it."
*Their unproductive argument will only continue if we stay here for any longer, so we hurriedly try to leave.*
Louis: "...Wait, I'll come with you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Why?"
Mutsuki: "What about your research?"
Louis: "It's still in progress, but it may not be necessary depending on how this Mist works, so I figured that coming with you would be the wise decision."
Louis: "Not to mention that you'll need mana in order to operate it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, definitely."
*All of our Magie are occupied, so we might not have the mana necessary for asking the fairy to help.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Glad to have you with us."
*We return to the Bureau office after Rito answers all of our questions.*
*It doesn't seem to be any harder to use than what she initially told us, and with the magically skilled Louis and Heidi with us, we shouldn't have any problems.*
Louis: "We'll have to use Hyter Sprite first."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, if you could. Without anything belonging to someone from 20 years ago, this other Mist is useless."
*Nodding, he opens the pocketwatch.*
Fairy: "Hello, hello! Are you looking for something~?"
*A small, familiar figure flies out of the pocketwatch, fluttering above Louis's head.*
Fairy: "I'll find it~ No matter what it is~!"
Mutsuki: "Wah, it's so cute!"
Shizuka: "Only if we're talking about how it looks..."
Fairy: "What are you looking for? Well?"
Louis: "Find me something that belonged to someone who was at this school 20 years ago, and who might have known something about the fire that happened here."
*Unperturbed by the fairy's excitement, Louis indifferently tells it what to look for.*
Fairy: "Okay! 20 years ago~ Fire~"
Fairy: "Someone who~ Knows something~"
*Repeating what Louis told it, the fairy flies all over the office, tracing out large arcs.*
Shizuka: "Hey, is this okay? Did you overload it with information and confuse it?"
Louis: "I don't think the concept of information overload exists for Mists."
Shizuka: "Then why is it just flying in circles here?"
Louis: "As if I would know."
Fairy: "20 years~ 20 years ago~"
*It flies behind the bookshelf while singing that aloud.*
Mutsuki: "Huh? What's going on?"
Adelheid: "I hear some rustling..."
Fairy: "I found it!"
Mutsuki: "What!?"
*The fairy flies out from behind the bookshelf.*
*In its arms is what looks to be a ragged scrap of cloth.*
Fairy: "Here you go."
*The fairy presents it to Louis.*
Shizuka: "What is that?"
Louis: "...It's rubber."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rubber...?"
Mutsuki: "Ah, isn't that a water balloon? Or at least the remnants of one. That's what it reminds me of."
Adelheid: "A balloon? Ah, I see it now."
*Water balloons, a common sight during festivals.*
*It definitely feels like one, and the design certainly resembles those found on water balloons.*
Shizuka: "I wonder why this was here."
Louis: "No idea, but it means that someone related to the accident 20 years ago was here."
Mutsuki: "Why a water balloon of all things?"
Fairy: "Anything else~? I can look for more~"
*The fairy flaps its wings around us as we all look at the balloon, puzzled.*
Louis: "Find me exactly what I asked for before but from a different owner."
Mitsuyoshi: "Do we need two?"
Louis: "There are two pens. If the fairy can't find anything, we'll have to settle for just one, but it wouldn't hurt to have more."
Fairy: "On it!"
*Saying that, the fairy circles around the room once and then heads for the door.*
*It skillfully puts its hands on the doorknob and turns it.*
Shizuka: "So it can open doors..."
Mitsuyoshi: "It had to have been able to in order to wreak that much havoc throughout the school."
Fairy: "I found it!"
Mitsuyoshi: "That was fast!"
*We thought that it would take a while since it only just left, but it promptly returns and opens the door once again.*
Mutsuki: "What could it be this time?"
Fairy: "I brought what you were looking for~"
Adelheid: "...Huh?"
Rito: "......"
*What the fairy brings back is Rito.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh... Rito? Huh? What does this mean?"
Louis: "...Hyter Sprite. I want to confirm something."
Fairy: "Yes?"
Louis: "Are you positive that this is what I asked for?"
Fairy: "I am~ The property of someone who knows about the fire from 20 years ago~!"
Adelheid: "Property..."
Louis: "...A homunculus is an object to Mists. That's what's throwing us off."
Mutsuki: "O-Oh, that's what it means..."
Rito: "Is there something you need me for?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah, sorry. As you heard, we asked the fairy to look for something that belonged to someone from 20 years ago."
Rito: "Yes, I understand. Hyter Sprite is operating normally."
Louis: "...I figured. I heard that you are a homunculus created by Kral Lazurit."
Rito: "That's correct."
Mitsuyoshi: "The reasoning then would be that she's being treated as one of Lazurit's belongings."
*It fits the guidelines that Louis gave to the Mist perfectly.*
Mutsuki: "Umm, would the pen Mist work if we use Rito as the object?"
Rito: "It would."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well... I guess that's okay."
Shizuka: "This is getting complicated..."
Adelheid: "Do you want to try it out?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, let's wait until Mooko and the others are back."
Louis: "We don't need Hyter Sprite anymore then."
Fairy: "Huh~? What do I need to look for~?"
Louis: "We're done."
Fairy: "What~? I can keep going~"
Louis: "Are there any sealing talismans?"
Shizuka: "Yeah, I've got one."
Louis: "Please take care of it."
Fairy: "I'll keep searching~ I'll..."
*The fairy disappears once Louis closes the lid of the pocketwatch.*
Mutsuki: "I feel a bit sorry for it, but there's nothing we can do about that."
Louis: "Sealing magical tools when they're no longer needed is an absolute rule."
Mutsuki: "Makes sense."
*When I think back to the commotion that fairy caused, it scares me to leave it unsealed, even if Louis is the one using it.*
*After receiving the pocketwatch from Louis, Murakumo slits his finger with a small pocketknife and smears his blood over an intricately patterned talisman.*
*He places the talisman against the Mist and recites the chant to seal it.*
Shizuka: "...I, Murakumo Shizuka, by my blood, my soul, and this talisman, proof of the contract of yore, command thee:"
Shizuka: "Time, halt."
*With a whoosh, the talisman wraps around the pocketwatch and seals it.*
*Now, Hyter Sprite can't be summoned by anyone for a while.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
*I hear something coming from behind and turn around to look.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, the door wasn't shut."
*Maybe I heard the sound of the wind pushing it open... But wait, how can there be wind when we're in the basement?*
*What could have...*
Mutsuki: "Kyaa!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What's wrong!?"
Cat: "Meow~!"
Adelheid: "A-A cat!?"
Shizuka: "Whoa, where did it come from... Ahh, don't run on top of the desk!!"
*The cat, which seems to have come in through the open door, leaps onto the desk.*
*Perhaps startled by our voices, it jumps and runs away.*
Mitsuyoshi: "That was close!"
*The box containing the Mist was on the verge of falling after being kicked away by the cat, and I rush to grab the ink bottle.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What would we have done if it broke..."
Mutsuki: "What about the box?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's safe. Huh? Where'd the pens go?"
Louis: "I have one of them."
Shizuka: "Where's the other? Did it roll over there?"
Adelheid: "I don't see it..."
Mutsuki: "Where did it fall to~? Rito, did the pen roll your way?"
Rito: "It escaped."
Mitsuyoshi: "You mean the cat? That doesn't matter right now."
Rito: "The pen did."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Rito: "I believe the tip of the pen got caught in its fur."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Wait."
Shizuka: "Rito? What are you..."
Rito: "The pen, right?"
Louis: "When you say that the pen got caught in fur, you can't possibly mean..."
Rito: "It was hanging from the cat."
Mitsuyoshi: "Couldn't you have said that earlier!?"
Rito: "You never asked me about it."
*...Come to think about it, Rito didn't respond at all until Hanatate asked her directly...*
Louis: "This is why homunculi are..."
Mitsuyoshi: "This isn't the time to be complaining about how homunculi work. We have to get that pen back!"
Mutsuki: "L-Let's look for that cat!!"
Adelheid: "Ah... Hyter Sprite is..."
Shizuka: "It's too late! We can't use it for a while!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, the talisman's effect... lasts three days, if I remember correctly..."
Mutsuki: "Does ripping the talisman off not work?"
Rito: "It's nothing more than a catalyst. Removing it won't remove the effects of the spell."
Louis: "How did this happen? Every single time, things get more troublesome than they need to be. Why?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why are you walking up to me!?"
Louis: "I'm starting to wonder if there is something wrong with your souls that causes them to attract trouble."
Mitsuyoshi: "Even so, we don't have the time to be investigating that now!"
Shizuka: "We're going after that cat!"
Mutsuki: "Okay! Rito, did you see which way it went?"
Rito: "The library."
Shizuka: "Well, obviously!"
Rito: "I didn't follow it after that. I can't see through walls."
Shizuka: "I knew it... Yep... Argh! We're going to have to look through the entire school for it!!"
*It always ends up like this.*
Ushio: "...I don't see her."
*Murakumo-san and I enter the garden and look around the vicinity, but there's not a single person in sight, let alone Kurodani.*
Kasumi: "She's not over here either."
Ushio: "Here as well."
*Thinking that she might have fallen in the shrubbery or somewhere that is difficult to spot, we expand the area of our search to no avail.*
Ushio: "The Key of Janus activated, but..."
Kasumi: "Could it be that she activated some teleportation Mist and is jumping around everywhere?"
Ushio: "If that were the case, she would have run out of mana and be in danger."
Ushio: "...However, she might instinctively try to return to the place where she started. Maybe she's back at the east dorm."
Kasumi: "Let's check it out. If she's there, we can just seal the Mist and call it a day."
*I nod and the two of us make our way to the east dormitory.*
*We look around as we're walking to see if Kurodani-san is around, but we don't see her at all―*
Soara: "Ah, Shishigatani-senpai!"
*Arriving at Yoshida-san's room, she opens the door for us, looking extremely worried.*
Soara: "Did you find Maya-chan...?"
Ushio: "We've been searching for her while heading over here, but unfortunately, we didn't see her."
Ushio: "She hasn't come back here either, huh...?"
Soara: "...No."
*She looks dejected.*
*It's to be expected.*
*While she may not completely remember it, she has accidentally activated a Mist before.*
Ushio: (Subconsciously, she must be thinking that Kurodani-san has gotten involved in some bizarre incident...)
Soara: "What should I do? Maybe I should help you look..."
Ushio: "No. If she comes back, then it would be her turn to get worried."
Ushio: "Please remain here and wait. Leave the searching to us."
Soara: "...Y-You're right. I understand. Thank you so much for helping!!"
*She gives a deep bow.*
Ushio: "Everyone at the Bureau will be helping out, so leave it to us."
Soara: "Okay!! Thank you again!"
*With that, we leave Yoshida-san's room.*
Kasumi: "...Hmm, maybe the Key of Janus did malfunction after all."
Ushio: "I don't believe the chances of that are very high. Has there ever been a case of it leading us to the wrong destination?"
Kasumi: "No, it's never happened before, but..."
Ushio: "Right? I've never heard of a Mist not operating as intended before."
Ushio: "The garden has a lot of vegetation. She might've been hidden behind a tree or in a blind spot."
Kasumi: "That's true. We were also cautious when opening the door, so she could've moved in that time and we didn't notice."
Ushio: "...Let's try using the key again."
Kasumi: "Sure thing, but I don't know what she looks like..."
Ushio: "Rito said that I would definitely be able to use it once, so it should be okay."
Kasumi: "All right. Here you go."
*Taking the key from Murakumo-san, I try using it on the dorm's front door.*
*The key shouldn't be able to fit, but it goes in smoothly, and I can hear the sound of a lock being opened when I turn it.*
*I can feel my consciousness fading slightly.*
Ushio: (The feeling of my mana being taken away... I can't get used to it no matter how many times I experience it...)
*I've heard that depleting your mana will not make you faint as long as it's not overdrawn.*
*It might be because I have less mana than others, but I've always been sensitive to it being taken away.*
*Perhaps it's a warning from my body, saying that I'm almost at my limit.*
*I place a hand on the doorknob and open the door.*
Kasumi: "Huh? The garden again?"
Ushio: "This is... the quad."
*It's a different location. This time, it's the inner courtyard.*
*We quickly pass through the door and close it before anyone else can notice.*
Kasumi: "Kurodani-san!"
*Murakumo-san takes a few steps forward and calls out Kurodani-san's name.*
*Walking after her―*
Ushio: "Ah..."
*I slip.*
*Or so I thought, but I don't make contact with the ground.*
*I feel the impact of something against my body, and all of a sudden everything is slanted.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko!"
Ushio: "...Huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Mooko, are you all right? Why were you staggering?"
Ushio: "Sta...ggering...? Huh!?"
*The next thing I know, I'm being held in Koga-kun's arms.*
*I'm right up against his chest, and it's almost as if he were hugging me. I can feel his warmth... slowly sinking in...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko?"
*He peers into my eyes from above.*
Ushio: "―!!"
*My heart starts pounding furiously.*
*Its constant beating is the only thing I can hear.*
Ushio: (It's on hold! It's on hold...!!)
*I shut my eyes and shake my head, preventing what should've been sealed away within my heart from welling up.*
*It feels like I'm about to recall that something, so I desperately pull away from it, like what someone would do after having touched something hot.*
*I hastily push Koga-kun's body away and somehow manage to stand on my own two feet.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you okay? Hey, Mooko?"
Ushio: "I'm perfectly fine!!"
*How can he... remain completely calm after being in that situation?*
Ushio: (It must be because he's older. Is this what it means to be an adult? Although he doesn't act like one the rest of the time...)
*I get irritated for no reason at all and walk away, ignoring him.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, don't walk so fast when you can barely stand."
Ushio: "I can stand just fine."
Mitsuyoshi: "Then explain why you were staggering around earlier."
Ushio: "It was all in your imagination!"
*Feeling that he wants to catch up to me, I increase my pace and keep my face turned away from him.*
Ushio: (My ears are burning up... I'm sure they're flushed, too...)
*I don't want him to see that.*
*I would die of embarrassment if he found out.*
*I frantically walk after Murakumo-san so that Koga-kun's eyes can't keep up.*
*Mooko is walking unnaturally fast.*
*That being said, her stride is short, so I catch up to her with ease.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...So this is what she didn't want me to discover...)
*She's red all the way from her ears down to her neck.*
*She was actually the same as usual until just now, so I was convinced that she had locked up what I said we'd put on hold...*
*But the embrace must've caused it to come bursting out.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She's just too damn cute.)
*A little physical contact was enough for her to become like that... She's more conscious of me than I thought.*
*For now, I'll slow down a bit.*
*She's speedwalking so that she can get away from me. She'll collapse if she keeps that up.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I really want to see her face though...)
*If I did that, I'm sure she'd start sprinting and create a mess.*
*I'll hold back for now.*
Mitsuyoshi: "So where's Kurodani?"
*Suppressing my urge to tease her, I switch to a more serious topic.*
Ushio: "...We still haven't found her. She hasn't gone back to the dorms."
*As I expected, she regains her composure and answers with her usual calmness.*
*She doesn't turn towards me, meaning that she still doesn't want me to see her face, but she's able to talk.*
Ushio: "I borrowed the key from Murakumo-san earlier to use it again and we ended up here."
Mitsuyoshi: "You used the key!? You!? Don't go doing something so reckless when you don't have much mana..."
Ushio: "Rito-san told me that once would be fine!"
Mitsuyoshi: "But you could barely stand."
Ushio: "That wasn't because I used the key. I merely slipped."
Mitsuyoshi: "Then why are you still unsteady? You really are pushing yourself..."
Ushio: "―!! I-I'm doing nothing of the sort...!"
Mitsuyoshi: (Ah, shoot.)
*I got concerned and impulsively grabbed her by the shoulder in order to turn her to face me.*
*I rush to release her as she struggles to try and escape.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Were her legs shaking because she was still flustered from being close to me?)
*She should be capable of using the Key of Janus once without fainting...*
Ushio: "...As you can see, Kurodani-san is nowhere to be found."
*She says that flatly as if to show that she's calm.*
Ushio: "Something unusual has definitely happened."
Mitsuyoshi: "...A Mist?"
Ushio: "It would be impossible for her to avoid us when she doesn't know that we're using the key to find her."
Mitsuyoshi: "Setting that aside, there's no reason for her to play hide and seek with us in the first place."
Ushio: "Keeping that in mind, it's quite likely that she's activated some sort of Mist."
Ushio: "We have to find her before she exhausts her mana..."
Ushio: "I've come to the conclusion that we can't find her with normal means. I'm reluctant to do this, but I'm considering using Hyter Sprite..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah... Sorry, that's out of the question."
Ushio: "Huh? Ah, we don't know if it can be used to find a person. Have you asked Rito-san about that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, that's not it. We just used it and Murakumo already sealed it."
Ushio: "What happened!?"
*The shock of that is enough to make her turn around.*
Ushio: "―......!"
*She stiffens the moment our eyes meet.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Ahh, pretend not to notice, pretend not to notice.)
*Her cheeks are still slightly red, but I feign ignorance and calmly look back at her.*
Ushio: "......"
*She continues to look my way. Has she gotten over it now?*
*She looks fairly upset though.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Why does she think that I'm unfazed?)
*I'm just not showing it on my face.*
*There's no way that embrace didn't affect me.*
Kasumi: "I don't see her anywhere. Oh, Mii-kun, when did you get here?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Sumi-chan."
Kasumi: "...Ah."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Kasumi: "Umm... Am I interrupting something?"
Ushio: "Wh-What are you talking about!?"
Kasumi: "Well, it looked like you were gazing into each other's eyes."
Mitsuyoshi: "More like she was glaring at me."
Ushio: "Yes you're misunderstanding it's your imagination!!"
Kasumi: "I-Is it?"
Ushio: "Anyway, I can't ignore what you said earlier. What could you have possibly used Hyter Sprite for?"
Kasumi: "Hyter Sprite...? What's that?"
Ushio: "A Mist. It's shaped like a pocketwatch..."
Kasumi: "Ah, the fairy that was stealing keys and wreaking havoc throughout the school? I vaguely remember Hime-chan telling me about that."
Ushio: "Yes, that's it. What did you use it for?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah, well..."
*I quickly explain the Mist with the pens and ink.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...And now, we're looking for that cat that got away."
Ushio: "I understand now... It wasn't something that you could've obtained without Hyter Sprite's help."
*She presses her fingers against her temples as if to repress a headache.*
Ushio: "But where did that cat come from...?"
Kasumi: "Why do things always turn out this way?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's what I want to ask."
Kasumi: "So we'll have to look for both the cat and Kurodani-san."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... Ah, wait. Couldn't we use the Key of Janus on the cat?"
Ushio: "...I doubt it. According to Rito-san, the key only works on 'places' and 'people'."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah, right, and the cat is neither."
Kasumi: "I think so too. I tried to use it to get to my friends but it didn't work."
*She's referring to the monster-like creatures that live in the other world where the magic circle used to be.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... I don't think they count as people..."
Kasumi: "Meaning that it wouldn't work on cats either."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sounds like it."
Mitsuyoshi: "But if you ended up here in the quad, then that means Kurodani's on the move."
Ushio: "...Yes, and it also implies that the Key of Janus is working properly..."
Ushio: "However, she is nowhere to be found, so she must be moving faster than we can spot her."
Kasumi: "Some sort of teleportation Mist then?"
Mitsuyoshi: "And she's using that to jump to random places? Hmm, though I can see her doing something like that for fun."
Kasumi: "She might just be unable to control it."
Ushio: "That is honestly the most problematic, since she would be constantly consuming mana."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... Damn, if only we didn't seal away the fairy and just kept the lid closed."
Ushio: "That would've been dangerous as well, so I don't believe that that was the wrong decision."
Kasumi: "Yeah, for sure."
PA Announcement: "―This is a message for the Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Kasumi: "A PA announcement?"
PA Announcement: "The Disciplinary Committee has found what you are looking for. Please come to the east dormitory immediately―"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? They found her!?"
Kasumi: "They're referring to Kurodani-san, since they told us to go to the east dorm, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It has to be. They would've called us to the Bureau for the cat."
Ushio: "...Let's go take a look."
*We rush over to the east dorm.*
*With Kurodani having been found and that being resolved, Sumi-chan went to where Tsubaki-chan is.*
*Since she's not a student, there's always the chance of her being spotted, which complicates things.*
Maya: "―I'm sorry for all the trouble I've caused you!"
*She apparently went back to her room at some point like nothing had happened.*
*Finding herself in an awkward position, she repeatedly bows to us in apology.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's fine. We're just glad you didn't get caught up in anything."
Maya: "Yeah, I'm really sorry! I forgot something at school and went back to get it..."
Ushio: "The most important thing is that you're safe, but that was against the school rules."
Maya: "Got it!! Again, I'm sorry!!"
Soara: "U-Umm, I should apologize too for jumping to conclusions and turning this into a big deal..."
Maya: "It's not your fault, Soara. I'm to blame for going back to school without telling you anything."
Ushio: "It's already past curfew so you shouldn't be leaving the dorms to begin with."
Maya: "R-Right... I know. I'm sorry."
Mitsuyoshi: "What did you forget that was so important? Your homework?"
Maya: "Th-That's right! I left my notebook in my desk."
Ushio: "It's good that you take your homework seriously."
Mitsuyoshi: "You can do that kind of stuff during recess."
Ushio: "I can't approve of your way of doing things."
Ushio: "In any case, the school rules come first and foremost. Please keep that in mind for the future."
Maya: "I understand! I'll give up on my homework!"
Soara: "Th-That's not what you should be saying, Maya-chan. You need to be more careful about not forgetting things."
Maya: "Ah... Right! Okay!"
Ushio: "She's hopeless. Yoshida-san, please help her make sure she has all her belongings from now on."
Soara: "Will do!"
Maya: "Uu... Sorry..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, all's well that ends well."
*It seems that Kurodani's doing fine, so we head back to the Bureau office.*
*We probably couldn't find her using the Key of Janus because she was running to avoid being spotted by the Disciplinary Committee.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All that's left is the pen..."
Ushio: "It's not that serious a matter."
Ushio: "We can wait three days for the talisman's effect to wear off and use Hyter Sprite again."
Ushio: "That can be our fallback plan if we can't find the cat before then."
Mitsuyoshi: "I guess so."
*With that out of the way, there aren't any other pressing issues...*
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*Oh no, neither of us are talking.*
*We have nothing to say now that everything's been taken care of.*
*I can't think of anything to say that wouldn't anger her either.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Crap, crap, crap...)
*I'm hung up over whether it's on her mind as well, and it's making me nervous.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...So how have things been lately?"
Ushio: "Wh-What do you mean?"
*I start making small talk, and she gives an instant response.*
*She's definitely conscious about it.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Wait, but... well... I can't really blame her.)
*She's a girl after all.*
*...As I'm thinking that, I'm reminded of something unnecessary.*
Mitsuyoshi: (No, no, I can't. Why am I remembering how her skin feels now?)
Ushio: "...What's with you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Ushio: "Y-You started talking to me... so why did you go quiet after?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, sorry, I couldn't come up with anything to talk about."
Ushio: "......"
*And I've spoiled her mood again.*
*She pouts and looks down a bit.*
Mitsuyoshi: "For the record, I wasn't trying to tease you."
Ushio: "...Then what was that all about?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I wanted to do something about the awkward silence and tried to talk about something but failed."
Ushio: "......"
*Her eyes open wide for a moment and she looks at me.*
*But then she quickly averts her gaze.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Ooh, she's turning red.)
*She's trying to hide it, but even the back of her neck is red, making it painfully obvious.*
Ushio: "That's... just..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Ushio: "There's something wrong with you if you can say that so bluntly!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You mean about how I failed? Would you prefer if I made something up?"
Ushio: "I-I'm not saying for you to lie..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You'd find out anyway."
Ushio: "Huh..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're a smart girl, Mooko. I could never deceive you in a million years."
Ushio: "......"
*At a loss for words, she fidgets and puts her hands together in front of her chest.*
Ushio: "...That's unfair."
Mitsuyoshi: "Why?"
Ushio: "That was nothing more than a backhanded compliment."
Mitsuyoshi: "Was it? I actually meant it though."
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "...And also..."
Ushio: "Th-That has nothing to do with being smart."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? What are you referring to?"
Ushio: "Telling whether someone is lying or not..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*Now it's my turn to be unable to speak.*
*I've always thought that she'd try to avoid these kinds of situations.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Do you not like it?"
Ushio: "Huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Lumping that with actual logical reasoning, I mean."
Ushio: "N-Not really... I can tell based on your attitude and your words..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "But that's not what I mean when I say that you're smart."
Mitsuyoshi: "When I had a panic attack in the dream world, that wasn't something you could've done by reasoning it out."
*Mooko reached out to me when I had gone crazy after having a nightmare involving flames.*
*It didn't feel like something she did through reason. It was something much more instinctive.*
Ushio: "Th-That... That was because... it was a problem if you weren't calm..."
*She had embraced me and stroked my back.*
*Reminding her of that embarrasses her and she turns her blushing face away.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Oh man, she's just too cute...)
*I get the feeling that I only brought it up because I wanted to see this.*
*That's not good. I have to be more prudent.*
Mutsuki: "Hey, Moo-chan!"
Ushio: "Mutsuki?"
*Hanatate comes running up to us as she calls out and waves.*
Mutsuki: "Come with me, quickly!"
Ushio: "Wh-What happened?"
*She pulls on Mooko's arm but then suddenly notices me, and a look of surprise appears on her face.*
Mutsuki: "Ah! I'm so sorry!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Mutsuki: "Did I get in the middle of something good!?"
Ushio: "What are you saying, Mutsuki!?"
Mutsuki: "I'm sorry, Moo-chan! I'm such an insensitive person!"
Ushio: "Y-You're mista..."
Mutsuki: "But this is important! Here, let's all hold hands, Micchi!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
*Hanatate pulls Mooko's arm towards me and puts my hand in hers.*
Mutsuki: "Okay, let's go!"
Ushio: "H-Hold on!! Mutsuki!! Listen to me!! Koga-kun and I..."
Mutsuki: "I totally get you! Don't worry!"
Ushio: "I haven't even said anything yet!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "She seems to be in a hurry, so you can deal with that later."
Ushio: "Koga-kun!? Wait, don't drag me along! I-I can run by myself...!!"
Ushio: "Geez! Will you two listen to me!?"
Mutsuki: "We're here!"
*In the end...*
*Mooko's wishes were ignored and she was dragged to the Bureau office.*
Louis: "All of us are present now, more or less."
*Since Tsubaki-chan and Sumi-chan are here, he's switched on his polite butler mode.*
*The "more or less" is probably referring to Michiru.*
*At this time of night she's most definitely asleep, and there's nothing we can do about that.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What is this, a magic circle?"
*A piece of cloth with a magic circle is lying on top of the desk.*
Ushio: "...What is the meaning of this?"
*She was so flustered when coming here, but now she's switched to her serious mode and questions Louis calmly.*
Mitsuyoshi: (This always happens to her when there's something going on.)
*Of course, I'm not so thoughtless as to say that out loud.*
*I restrain myself since this is definitely not the time for it.*
Shizuka: "Before that, I want to let you know that we still haven't found the cat that has the pen."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Looks that way."
Louis: "In place of it, there is something I would like to test."
Ushio: "Is this what you were researching for the past few days?"
Louis: "Yes."
Louis: "You have the flyer that Furoyamachi Neko drew, don't you?"
Ushio: "Yes, I do."
Louis: "I was thinking if it would be possible to use it to summon her again."
Mitsuyoshi: "Summon Furoya!?"
Louis: "That's what I've been looking into."
Shizuka: "By summon, you don't mean having her possess Suwa's body again, right?"
Louis: "That is a completely different method altogether. Relax."
*Furoya was previously summoned as a Night student by using Suwa Aoi, a student in the west dorm, as a vessel.*
Louis: "The west dorm itself has a special magical setup and I don't feel safe about using it again."
Ushio: "...Indeed, not to mention that we destroyed the clock tower's magic circle that activated it."
Louis: "So I tried modifying what the school used in order to summon her without the hypnosis part."
*That's probably what the magic circle on the desk is.*
Louis: "We might be able to learn something if she knows what happened back then."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see..."
Ushio: "So you want to use this flyer as a medium then."
*She retrieves from her bag the flyer drawn by Furoya that she's been carefully protecting.*
Ushio: "This is most likely a copy of the original. Is that okay?"
Louis: "She was the one who originally drew it, so it should still work."
Shizuka: "Can you summon her without some sort of vessel? Or are you going to use someone's body?"
Louis: "I can't have her possess a human being, so this is where your sister will have to help."
Shizuka: "What!?"
Tsubaki: "She's referring to this."
Ushio: "That's... Mibu-san's doll that Murakumo-san controlled."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahh, the Sumi-chan doll, huh?"
Tsubaki: "That's right."
Ushio: "I see. In that case..."
*Mooko places the flyer in the middle of the magic circle.*
Tsubaki: "I just have to put it here?"
Louis: "Yes."
*She puts the doll on top of the flyer.*
Louis: "Allow me to explain the principle behind this. The magic circle will temporarily channel Kasumi's power as a Magie to manipulate objects over to Furoyamachi Neko."
Louis: "Using that power, Furoyamachi Neko will enter that doll."
Shizuka: "That makes sense... but are you okay with that, Kasumi?"
Kasumi: "It's fine. I'll be lending Furoyamachi-san my power for a bit so I can't use it during that time, but I'll get it back once it's over."
Louis: "There you have it. There is no particular need for concern."
Shizuka: "We won't end up in a situation where Kasumi's power is permanently channelled to Furoyamachi, right?"
Louis: "As long as Kasumi does not wish for it, it won't happen."
Louis: "It's because Furoyamachi Neko does not have the ability to restrict a Magie's powers."
Shizuka: "Okay... All right then. I'll believe you."
Kasumi: "Let's get started!"
Louis: "Yes, please do."
*I can neither see it nor feel it, but she's probably infusing the doll with mana.*
*Beside her, Louis is mumbling some words in an unfamiliar language.*
*I can't tell if they form a spell or if he's simply saying something in German, but―*
Louis: "...She's here."
"...Huh?"
*The Sumi-chan doll tilts its head.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is that you, Furoya?"
Neko: "Huh? What? Where am I? Ah, Koga-kun."
*She looks around restlessly and waves her short arms after noticing me.*
Mutsuki: "Wow... She's so cute..."
*Hanatate says that in a hushed voice with her hands over her mouth so that she doesn't disturb our conversation with Furoya.*
Ushio: "Do you remember who we are?"
Neko: "Ah, Shishigatani-senpai. Umm, where am I?"
Ushio: "The Bureau office. Long time no see, Furoyamachi-san."
Neko: "Yes, it's been a while!"
*Furoya, in doll form, gives us a bow.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She really remembers...)
*She may look like a doll, but her actions and voice are undoubtedly Furoya's.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She was a student here 20 years ago...)
*I feel a complicated mixture of nostalgia and loneliness.*
Neko: "Huh? Aren't I a bit small?"
Ushio: "Sorry, you're inside a doll right now."
Neko: "Huh? A doll? Wah, you're right!"
*She springs up onto her feet and twirls around to look at her own body.*
Neko: "Wah, it's so cute! It's like I'm in a fairy tale!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I thought you'd like it."
Neko: "Yeah, I do!"
Tsubaki: "Hehe, thanks. I'm sure the doll is happy about that too."
Neko: "Wah, it's Mibu-senpai! Umm, what happened exactly? Why am I like this...?"
Ushio: "Furoyamachi-san, we actually have some questions we want to ask you."
Neko: "Sure! Ask away."
Ushio: "Was there a fire here at this school 20 years ago... I mean, in the past?"
*Right, Furoya doesn't know that she's been summoned 20 years into the future.*
*Mooko's question makes Furoya tilt her head quizzically.*
Neko: "Fire..."
Ushio: "Do you remember it?"
Neko: "......"
*She was full of energy a minute ago, but now, she's completely still and silent.*
*She then slowly begins to talk.*
Neko: "...An assembly. I think there was a school-wide assembly."
Neko: "We were in the auditorium. I think everyone was there."
Mutsuki: "An auditorium? Is that a place from the past that's different now?"
Ushio: "Did you notice anything different between the school you attended up until a few days ago and the auditorium back then?"
Neko: "Umm... I think it looked the same. Yeah, it was the same."
Ushio: "I see. It must've been rebuilt to match what it looked like before the fire. What happened after you all assembled there?"
Neko: "We were waiting for a teacher to arrive. There was a lot of chatter... and then..."
Neko: "...There was a scream at first... I heard someone scream and was startled..."
Ushio: "Did it come from someone you knew?"
Neko: "Hmm... I don't know... but I can tell you that it was a girl's voice."
Neko: "And then when I turned to look and see what was going on, suddenly... my body started heating up from the inside..."
Ushio: "From the inside?"
Neko: "And out of nowhere, right before my eyes... there was a roaring fire... I was so scared."
Ushio: "......"
Neko: "...After that... I don't remember. The next thing I knew, I was attending school like nothing had happened..."
*So she doesn't have any memories of what happened after she got caught up in the flames.*
*But she said that her body heated up from the inside. What does that mean...?*
Neko: "...Everyone else... was attending too... so I... also..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Furoya? Hey!"
Louis: "It must be because it's a copy of the flyer she designed. The spell won't last very long."
Tsubaki: "She can't remain for any longer?"
Louis: "Unfortunately, no."
Ushio: "Furoyamachi-san! Was there anything before, or even during, the assembly that stuck out to you as different than usual?"
Neko: "...There was someone I didn't know..."
Ushio: "Someone you didn't know?"
Neko: "During the assembly... all of a sudden, I thought... who is this person...? There's... someone unfamiliar..."
Ushio: "So you suddenly thought that there was someone there you didn't know?"
Neko: "Yeah..."
*After giving a nod, the doll goes limp, as if a thread had snapped.*
Kasumi: "Ah... It's back..."
*It looks like she's referring to her powers.*
Louis: "Her soul has returned. This is the limit."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh..."
Shizuka: "You can't summon her a second time?"
Louis: "We've used up the karma within this flyer. It's impossible."
*It wasn't the original drawing, so she could only be here for a short period of time.*
Ushio: "However, we've obtained some valuable information."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... but..."
*On the other hand, you could say that we've discovered even more mysteries...*
*―The next day.*
*After talking to Furoya, we soon called it a day and went back to our respective rooms.*
*And today is a holiday.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I'm awake, but looking at my clock, it's still early in the morning.*
*I can lie around in bed for a while.*
*I can hear Michiru's soft breathing beside me.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...I'm not really in the mood for going back to sleep though.)
*I can't be that carefree after our reunion with Furoya yesterday.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She said that her body started getting hot. What could that have been...?)
*During the assembly, there was someone she didn't recognize―*
Mitsuyoshi: (Was it the arsonist? Blending in with the students before setting them on fire?)
*What bugs me the most is how she phrased it. It was something that suddenly came to mind.*
*It doesn't sound like she knew someone had infiltrated beforehand.*
*It felt like she came to the sudden realization that someone unknown had mixed in.*
Mitsuyoshi: (What in the world happened...?)
*Thinking about it now isn't going to get me to the answer, but my curiosity is getting the better of me.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Lying here is getting boring. Maybe someone's at the Bureau...)
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, shoot. I forgot something there."
Michiru: "Mm...?"
*I accidentally say that out loud and Michiru reacts by turning in her sleep.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, I left my bag in the Bureau office. I'll be right back."
*I can't make fun of Kurodani anymore.*
*I left everything there, not just my homework...*
Michiru: "Sure, see you..."
*She says that and returns to her slumber.*
*It looks like she'll still be spending most of her days sleeping.*
*I slip out of my bed and quickly change before heading over to the Bureau.*
Ushio: "......"
*The sky is calm.*
*We have the day off so it is very quiet, and I don't see a single person when looking down at the road from the rooftop.*
*It's perfect for organizing my thoughts.*
Ushio: (That being said... I'm not sure how to interpret what Furoyamachi-san said...)
*Her body started heating up and flames suddenly appeared before her eyes.*
*And in the middle of the assembly, someone she didn't know appeared out of nowhere.*
Ushio: (If I take it at face value, then did someone infiltrate the auditorium and cast some sort of fire magic...?)
*For some reason, that doesn't feel right to me.*
*I can't shake off the feeling that it's not as simple as that...*
Ushio: (No... We won't be able to solve this unless I can explain why I'm feeling this way...)
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan, this is bad! Come quick!!"
Ushio: "Mutsuki?"
*Turning in the direction of my best friend's rattled voice, I see her running towards me.*
Ushio: "What's the matter?"
Mutsuki: "There's! Cats! Everywhere!"
Ushio: "...Come again?"
Mutsuki: "There's a lot of cats!!"
Ushio: "......!"
Ushio: "Let's go."
Mutsuki: "Okay, follow me!!"
*Heading down the stairs from the roof, we don't have to go very far for me to see that the dorm is in a state of complete disarray.*
Ushio: "Th-This is..."
*The hallways are filled with cats.*
Mutsuki: "See?"
Ushio: "...There really are cats everywhere."
*I thought it was nothing more than a few strays wandering in, but this is on a whole other level.*
*It's safe to say that there are more cats here than in a cat cafe.*
Mutsuki: "What in the world is going on?"
Ushio: "This is probably the work of a Mist..."
Mutsuki: "One that summons a lot of cats?"
Ushio: "No, one that turns people into cats. It's called Sturm Katze if I remember correctly. We've dealt with it before."
*As I say that, I take a sealing talisman out from my pocket where I always keep some on hand.*
Ushio: "Could it be that the one who caused it to go out of control is..."
Mutsuki: "Huh? You already have an idea of who it is?"
Ushio: "Yes, I'll explain my reasoning later. Our top priority right now is to seal it."
Ushio: "Listen carefully, Mutsuki. It should be a small, cat-shaped ornament, but under no circumstances should you make eye contact with it."
Mutsuki: "If I do... I turn into a cat?"
Ushio: "Exactly."
Mutsuki: "Got it!"
Ushio: "...There are more cats over there, so let's go in that direction."
Mutsuki: "Hey, Moo-chan."
Ushio: "Yes?"
Mutsuki: "Should we not call Micchi to help?"
Ushio: "...Today is a holiday, so he is probably still asleep in his room."
Mutsuki: "Really?"
Ushio: "Yes, I'm sure of it."
Ushio: "He's older than us, but he acts like a child, and even though he never tells us anything about himself, he always sticks his nose in..."
Mutsuki: "Huh."
Ushio: "...What is it?"
Mutsuki: "It's like I'm hearing a lover's quarrel!"
Ushio: "Whaaat!?"
Mutsuki: "You sounded like a wife complaining about her husband."
Ushio: "Y-You're just imagining things! That wasn't my intention in the lea―"
*―I was careless.*
*I was the one who told her to be careful with the ornament, but my flustered state caused me to forget about it as I turned the corner.*
Ushio: "―!!"
*The ornament. By the time I realized what I was looking at, it was already too late. My vision goes blank, and the next thing I know, I've lost my regular body and I'm smothered by my uniform.*
*I rush to get out from under it.*
*My fumbling hand―no, front paw―is undeniably a cat's...*
Mutsuki: "Huh!?"
*I hear Mutsuki's shriek from behind me.*
Ushio: "Meow!! (Don't come this way!!)"
*I try to warn her since she hasn't turned the corner yet.*
Mutsuki: "Whaaat!? Umm, huh? A cat? Moo-chan!?"
Ushio: "Meow, meow!! (Stay away, the ornament is here!!)"
Mutsuki: "I-I don't really understand, but since you turned into a cat... O-Okay, I got it! It's dangerous to go over there!!"
*It seems that she's grasped the situation and takes a few steps backwards.*
Ushio: (Uuu... I'm so ashamed of myself...)
*I've told Koga-kun off so many times about not jumping into things without thinking...*
Ushio: "M-Meow. (Sorry, Mutsuki, I messed up. Please be careful.)"
Mutsuki: "Okay, roger!"
Ushio: (She understood? Thank goodness...)
Mutsuki: "...You can't do it while you're like that! Leave the sealing to me!"
Ushio: "Meow!?"
*She picks up the talisman I dropped without a moment's hesitation.*
Mutsuki: "I can't look it in the eye. In that case..."
Ushio: "Meow! (Wait, Mutsuki! Don't do something so dangerous!!)"
Mutsuki: "It'll be fine! I have a hand mirror on me, so I can just look at its reflection."
*She takes out the mirror from her breast pocket and looks around the corner with it.*
Mutsuki: "There it is! Umm, what's next... Moo-chan, I'm borrowing your knife."
*Apparently remembering how to seal a Mist, Mutsuki digs through my scattered uniform and takes out the knife I always use for this purpose.*
*She makes a small incision in her thumb and smears the blood trickling out from it onto the talisman.*
Mutsuki: "Perfect! I'm going in!!"
*Confirming the location of the ornament again with the mirror, she energetically leaps out towards it.*
Mutsuki: "I, Hanatate Mutsuki, by my blood, my soul, and this talisman, proof of the contract of yore, command thee!"
*She sticks the talisman onto the cat-shaped ornament...*
Mutsuki: "Time, halt!!"
*...and recites the chant.*
*...However.*
Mutsuki: "I did it, Moo-chan! ...Huh?"
Ushio: "Meow!"
Mutsuki: "Huh!? Why!? How come you're not turning back!?"
Ushio: "Meow! Meow, meow!"
Mutsuki: "Huh? What? What's going on? Did I mess up the chant? It should be sealed now, right?"
Ushio: "Meow, meow!"
Mutsuki: "U-Umm, sorry, Moo-chan... I can't understand a word you're saying..."
Ushio: "Meow..."
*Calm down, Ushio.*
*You're a cat right now. Of course you're not going to get through to her, no matter how much you meow.*
Ushio: (Koga-kun...)
*We've sealed this Mist once before. He would know.*
Mutsuki: "Ah, Moo-chan?"
Ushio: "Meow! (Wait, Mutsuki!)"
*We have no choice but to get Koga-kun.*
*I run down the hall in my cat form.*
Ushio: "Meow! (Koga-kun!)"
*There's no way I can open the door, so I jump onto the veranda, crude though it may be.*
Ushio: "Meow!"
*I don't see him inside his room.*
Michiru: "Mmm...?"
*His sister Michiru-san drowsily raises her head from the bed.*
Ushio: "Meow..."
Michiru: "If you're looking for Onii-chan, he's at the Bureau~"
Ushio: "Meow!"
*He went to the Bureau, huh?*
*I have to go there, then.*
Ushio: "Meow! (Thank you!)"
Michiru: "You're welcome..."
*...Did she understand me?*
*I can't tell if it's because she's a Magie or because she's simply half-asleep.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, bag, bag..."
*Where did I put it?*
*There've been a lot of people in here recently, so I've been shoving it into random corners so that it doesn't get in the way.*
Ushio: "Meow! (Koga-kun!)"
Mitsuyoshi: "Wah!? Huh, a cat?"
*I was in a hurry so I left the door open, and a cat comes flying through it.*
Ushio: "Meow, meow!"
*It jumps onto the desk and starts meowing at me.*
*What's going on?*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah, are you the cat that had the pen!? Come over here!"
Ushio: "Meow! Meow!!"
*It doesn't run away when I reach out towards it but instead stands on its hind legs and puts its front paws up.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not trying to play with you here. Stay still."
Ushio: "Meow...!?"
*I lift it up into my arms.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Your fur's pretty long. Did it get buried inside?"
Ushio: "Meeeooow!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Calm down, I'm just trying to look for something."
*I try to restrain the flailing cat as I pat around for anything resembling a pen, but I can't find it.*
Ushio: "Meow...! Meeoow!! Meow!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's not here?"
Ushio: (Are you an idiot!? You can't even tell that it was a different cat!?)
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe it's stuck between your legs."
Ushio: (It's not!!)
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah, your tail's in the way. Move it, will you?"
Ushio: (Stop that! There's no way it would be in a place like that!!)
Mitsuyoshi: "...Nope. Come to think of it, did that cat have this pattern on its fur?"
Ushio: "Meow!! (It didn't!!)"
Mitsuyoshi: "I guess it's a different one. My bad."
Ushio: "Uu... Meow..."
*After I put it back down onto the desk, it stares at me as if it were trying to appeal to me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What?"
Ushio: "Meow. (It's me.)"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haha, stop pulling on me. You sure are a friendly one."
Ushio: "Meow! (That's not it!)"
Mitsuyoshi: "You want me to play with you? I can pet you some more."
Ushio: "Meeeoow!! (That's not it!)"
Mitsuyoshi: "Whoa, that was loud. What's the matter?"
Ushio: "Uuu, meow..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What a nice coat of fur you have. You're not a stray, are you? There, there, does that feel good?"
*I scratch under its chin and then proceed to pet its back.*
Ushio: "Meow..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Good kitty. You're pretty cute."
Ushio: (Th-That's... That's not it... My chin feels so good... No, wait!)
Ushio: "Meow... Meow!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
*The purring cat suddenly dashes across the desk and makes itself comfortable in Mooko's usual seat.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Someone's going to get angry if you leave fur lying around there."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hey."
*With a serious face, it places its small paws on top of the desk.*
*What is with that gesture?*
Ushio: "Meow."
*It glances at me and meows disappointedly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Could it be that..."
*You need to go to the washroom?*
*You're hungry?*
*You're doing a trick?*
Mitsuyoshi: "You need to go to the washroom? Don't do it there. Hold it in."
Ushio: "Meow!!"
*Its hairs stand on end, almost as if it were angry at me.*
Ushio: "Meow! Meow! Meow! Meow, meow!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Cats do their business in sand, right? Well, I just have to take it outside."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're hungry? You look like you're begging for some food."
Ushio: "Meeeoow!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I knew it! That sounded like a meow of agreement."
Mitsuyoshi: "Were you taught that trick?"
Ushio: "Meow!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Wow, I didn't know cats could learn tricks... Come on now, let's get you down."
Ushio: "Meeeooow!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ow!"
*It scratches my hand when I try to pick it up.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's gotten into you all of a sudden? You were so tame a minute ago."
Ushio: "Meow!"
*It turns its face away.*
*Almost as if it were saying, "It's your fault."*
*It doing that while sitting in that chair makes me think...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...You're acting just like Mooko."
Ushio: "Meow!"
*Surprisingly, the cat nods at what I say.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Are you really doing a Mooko impression?"
Ushio: "Meow!!"
*This time, it shakes its head from side to side.*
*There's no mistaking it. This cat understands what I'm saying.*
*It can't be...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mooko?"
Ushio: "Meow."
Mitsuyoshi: "Seriously!? Huh, Mooko? Actually?"
Ushio: "Meow!"
*...It looks like it really is her.*
*She looks at me as if to say that it took me long enough to figure it out.*
*W-Well, I did spend a lot of time petting her.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Not only that, but I spread her legs open, too...)
*...I'll pretend that never happened.*
*Anyway, that's enough of that. It's on hold. Yeah.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't get angry. How could I have known? You're a cat no matter how I look at you."
Ushio: "Meow..."
Mitsuyoshi: "And besides, why... Ah! Is it that Mist that turns people into cats?"
*It's one we've sealed before.*
Ushio: "Meow."
Mitsuyoshi: "That one, huh... If memory serves, in order to turn you back..."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "...I need to kiss you, right?"
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*For whatever reason, the effects of this Mist are dispelled with a kiss. I'd love to interrogate the person who made it for an hour or two...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...W-Well, I guess I don't have a choice."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "I know we agreed that it's on hold, but this doesn't count."
Ushio: "......"
*She doesn't move from where she is. Since she's a cat, it's hard to tell what expression she's making and whether she's fine with it or reluctantly accepting.*
Mitsuyoshi: (It doesn't count, it doesn't count. She's a cat... Don't be so conscious of it, Mitsuyoshi.)
Ushio: "......"
*I get the feeling that the exact same thoughts are going through her mind and she's trying her hardest to remain calm.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Well then..."
*I lift her up and sit on the sofa.*
*She closes her eyes tightly.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Sh-She's a cat... What am I getting so nervous for...?)
*If I lose my cool, she'll find out that I'm not as calm as I appear to be either.*
*In order to deceive myself, I give her a quick kiss.*
*With a whoosh, the sensation I feel from touching her changes, and my vision is filled with her usual hair.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you're back..."
Ushio: "Thanks to you... Huh?"
*Crap.*
*This Mist doesn't transform the person's clothes.*
Ushio: "Ah..."
*Because I was holding her up, her naked body is now on top of my lap...*
Ushio: "No, wai―! Nooo, Koga-kun! Look the other way! Don't look at me!!"
*She rushes to hide her breasts with her hands and struggles on my lap.*
*She's so flustered that she's forgotten to even get off of me.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Oh man...)
*This is reminding me of so many things that I didn't need to remember.*
*I pet her a lot earlier...*
*I did a lot of things to this body...*
Ushio: "I'm asking you to look away! Did you not hear me!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Oh, r-right."
*I look away... but the image of her naked body is burned into my mind.*
Mitsuyoshi: (No, no, no! Calm down, Mitsuyoshi!)
Ushio: "C-Clothes! Someone, get me clothes from somewhere...!!"
Rito: "...What's going on?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Ushio: "Ah...!"
*Now that I think about it, I don't think the door was ever closed...*
Rito: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "......"
*We're frozen as well, unable to speak.*
Rito: "...Is this an unwholesome sexual act?"
Ushio: "It's not!! It is definitely not!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's an accident. It was because of a Mist!"
Rito: "Oh, is that so?"
Ushio: "Sorry to ask this of you, Rito-san, but could I borrow a uniform from you...?"
Rito: "Sure."
*She brings a spare uniform and gives it to Mooko.*
*However, it's nothing more than the uniform itself, perhaps because she has no underwear in the right size or no underwear at all.*
*Basically, Mooko's going commando...*
Ushio: "Koga-kun... You are not to say a word about underwear."
Mitsuyoshi: "I haven't even said anything."
Ushio: "It's written all over your face!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Was it that obvious?"
Ushio: "Do not! Mention it! If you do, I don't know what kind of Mist I would end up summoning...!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Okay, got it. My lips are sealed."
*She's completely serious.*
*We're going to have another mess on our hands if I slip up.*
*I'm going to keep quiet...*
Ushio: "Umm, Rito-san..."
Rito: "Yes?"
Ushio: "Could I ask you to keep this a secret from everyone else?"
Rito: "Certainly."
Ushio: "Really!? You won't tell them even if they ask what happened?"
Rito: "If that happens, I will say that it would be a breach of confidentiality to answer."
Ushio: "Thank you very much..."
Rito: "I'll be heading back to the library now."
Ushio: "Okay... I'm sorry for the trouble we caused..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks."
*I feel extremely relieved myself.*
*I don't want to imagine what Murakumo would say if he found out about this.*
Ushio: "All that's left... is the rest of the students."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Ushio: "I wasn't the only one who got turned into a cat. There were a whole bunch of them."
Mitsuyoshi: "R-Really...?"
*It was more of a disaster than I thought.*
Ushio: "Let's get going to the east dorm."
*Mooko and I return to the east dorm and see Hanatate and Murakumo waiting for us.*
Mutsuki: "Ah, Moo-chan! Thank goodness you're back to normal!"
*Hanatate runs up to us while waving her hand.*
*On our way here, Mooko told me about what happened before she went to the Bureau.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is everything resolved here?"
Mutsuki: "No, not yet. Since they could understand what we were saying, we had all the cats return to their own rooms."
Shizuka: "We didn't know what to do, and most of them were wandering around."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see, which means that we'll have to..."
Shizuka: "Have to do what?"
Mutsuki: "How do we turn them back to normal? Was getting Moo-chan back that hard of a task?"
Ushio: "With a kiss."
Mutsuki: "A kiss..."
Ushio: "This Mist apparently took form when someone wanted to meet their lover who was confined to their own house. As such, a kiss is needed to break it..."
Tsubaki: "Really, Shishigatani-san!?"
Tsubaki: "By kiss, you mean that kind of kiss, right!? The one that requires physical contact!? Not the chocolate, right!?"
Ushio: "N-No, chocolate has nothing to do with this."
*Mooko is feeling the pressure.*
Tsubaki: "I-I-I-I just have to kiss all the cats!? That'll solve everything!?"
Shizuka: "Umm, Mibu-san... Please calm down..."
Tsubaki: "I-I'm fine, Murakumo. Hahahaha, if it's something that simple, leave it to me. I'm the acting Disciplinary Committee chair after all!"
Shizuka: "You're not calm at all!"
Tsubaki: "Of course I am!!"
Shizuka: "It's just a figment of your imagination, Mibu-san!!"
Tsubaki: "I don't care! Now, let's go to where the cats are...!"
Mutsuki: "Stop! Hold it!"
*As I'm thinking about what an outrageous thing Tsubaki-chan just said, Hanatate surprisingly chimes in to stop her.*
Tsubaki: "Wh-What's the matter?"
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan, when you turned into a cat earlier, you lost all your clothes, didn't you?"
Ushio: "...Yes, the transformation leaves your clothes behind."
Shizuka: "Wha...!! We can't have that, Mibu-san!"
Mutsuki: "That's right. Girls aside, having you do that for the boys would be... bad."
Tsubaki: "Uu... I guess that's true..."
Shizuka: "It's extremely bad. Out of the question. And you being Mibu Tsubaki only makes it worse."
*She's popular after all.*
*Thinking that they're being kissed, only to appear stark naked before her... For a growing boy, it'd undoubtedly be a shocking turn of events.*
Mutsuki: "Yeah, so the guys should take care of the guys. It'd be less embarrassing that way, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Shizuka: "What!?"
*Hanatate places her hands on our shoulders.*
*Huh, I wasn't expecting her to be so demonic.*
Mutsuki: "What's the matter? Weren't you saying that it would be bad if she did it?"
Shizuka: "I-I did, but..."
*Damn, she's a natural.*
*In a way, she's even worse than an actual demon...*
Ushio: "......"
*And here's someone trying not to let her jealousy show on her face.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I-I... can't refuse, can I..."
Shizuka: "...Damn, how did we get stuck with this..."
Mutsuki: "It's better than having Mibu-san do it, isn't it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I know..."
Shizuka: "Hey, Shishigatani. Is there really no other way to turn them back without kissing them?"
Ushio: "They'll naturally return to normal once all of their mana has been discharged, but how long that takes varies from person to person, and it could take a week at worst..."
Tsubaki: "We can't have that! They have classes to attend, so it looks like we're left with no choice but to kiss them! ...I mean, turn them back to normal!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
Shizuka: "Hey, we don't need both of us to be sacrificed, do we?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Shizuka: "Rock-paper-scissors time."
Mitsuyoshi: "...You're on."
Shizuka: "Let's go!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah! Rock, paper..."
Shizuka: "Scissors!! Yes, I won!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Whaaat!?"
Shizuka: "Hahaha, they're all yours!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn it..."
Ushio: "......"
*Don't glare at me like that, Mooko...*
*I didn't lose because I wanted to.*
*Please stop it with those eyes that are saying, "Why did you lose now of all times are you an idiot is it because you were lacking in spirit?"*
Mutsuki: "Umm, we'll leave you to round up the boys and take care of them then."
Tsubaki: "I'll get the girls! Yes!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Shizuka-chan, have all the guys come to my room."
Shizuka: "Don't call me that. You're going to have everyone gather in your room?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It'd be faster than me going around to all of them."
*And the thought of going around to other men's rooms in order to kiss them hurts me psychologically...*
Shizuka: "All right, all right."
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn..."
*Meowing fills my room as cats enter in droves.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahh, just wait until everyone's here."
*They all want to be human again as soon as possible and are walking in circles around me.*
Louis: "...What's going on?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, Louis."
*Intrigued by the sight of cats congregating in one place, Louis peeks into my room.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It was another Mist... They're all students, and I'm about to turn them back to normal."
Louis: "Oh? How are you going to do that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...By kissing them."
Louis: "What fairy tale-like tastes you have."
Mitsuyoshi: "This is nothing like a fairy tale! They're all male!"
Louis: "......"
*He goes silent, looking at me and then at the cats in the room―*
Louis: "Let me watch. I want to see them transforming into humans."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Suit yourself."
*It's better than having him howl with laughter.*
*What a magic nerd...*
Shizuka: "That's all of them. Huh, the butler's here too?"
Louis: "Ignore me. I'm just here to observe."
Shizuka: "You've sure got a lot of free time..."
Michiru: "Huh~ ...What's going on?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Geh, you're awake...? Hey, Shizuka-chan, take her outside, will you?"
Shizuka: "Yeah, she probably shouldn't see this. Michiru, get out of bed and come outside with me."
Michiru: "What? Why are there so many cats...?"
Shizuka: "It's because of a Mist. Koga's going to be turning them back to normal now."
Michiru: "Onii-chan is...?"
*Murakumo grabs her hand while she's still half-asleep and they leave.*
*Good grief. Well, time to get this over with.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't hate me for this, all right? I don't want to do this either."
*I pick one up from near my feet... and then Mooko's sulking face pops into my mind.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Why now!?)
*No, I know the answer to that.*
*I'm not dumb enough to not figure out that she's against me kissing others, even if they're male cats.*
Mitsuyoshi: (But wait, they're male and this is all because of a Mist. It's not like I'm trying to cheat on her...)
*Brushing away her face from my mind, I take a deep breath and steel myself―*
Michiru: "Nooooo!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru!?"
*The door slams open and she comes rushing in.*
Michiru: "Everyone, return to normaaaal!!!"
*A blindingly bright light centered around Michiru fills the room, and...*
Male Student A: "Whoa!?"
Male Student B: "Huh? Hey, I'm back!"
Male Student C: "Waahh!! C-Clothes!! Somebody!!"
*Naked male students are crammed into my room like sardines...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Now she's done it..."
*There are conflicting feelings going through my mind right now: concern for Michiru and a sense of relief.*
Male Student A: "U-Umm, please excuse me!"
Male Student B: "Woohoo, I'm back!"
Male Student C: "At least cover up the front!"
*The students all scurry back to their own rooms.*
Michiru: "Hah, hah, hah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Whoa there, calm down, Michiru."
Shizuka: "Wha― Michiru did that!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why do you think I asked you to take her outside? Keep a better watch on her next time."
Shizuka: "I was explaining the Mist to her and then she suddenly ran away..."
Louis: "...Incredible."
Michiru: "There's no way I could let you do something like that!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, thanks for that..."
Louis: "That amount of transformation magic was dispelled just like that... I'm stunned. What unbelievable power."
*That seems to be the only thing Louis cares about, as he nods constantly.*
Ushio: "Koga-kun!? What happened...!?"
*Mooko appears, replacing the male students that left.*
Ushio: "All the cats suddenly returned to normal. Did..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, Michiru did it."
Ushio: "...Umm, was it... before you started?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I didn't do a thing."
Ushio: "I-I see."
*Her expression betrays her relief.*
*She's so cute.*
Louis: "Wait, are you telling me that it was all of the cats in the entire dormitory, not just the ones in this room?"
Ushio: "Yes, all of the cats in Mibu-san's room turned back to normal as well."
Louis: "She didn't need to see them and she could do it from that far away? Incredible..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Tsubaki-chan must've been disappointed, huh?"
Shizuka: "Ah..."
Tsubaki: "...Th-The cats... The cats..."
Mutsuki: "D-Don't worry about it! When you graduate and start living on your own, you can start keeping a cat!! Right!?"
Tsubaki: "...Yeah."
Shizuka: "So who was it that activated this Mist? Did you find out?"
Ushio: "I have an idea at least... Who do you think it was, Koga-kun?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Me? Umm, let's see..."
*The principal*
Michiru: Kurodani
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe the principal wanted to confuse us?"
Ushio: "If that were the case, there would have been better ways... We've already dealt with this Mist before after all."
Shizuka: "Well, it certainly dealt some psychological damage to Koga."
Ushio: "Think back to what happened yesterday, when the cat appeared at the Bureau office."
Mitsuyoshi: "The one that ran off with the pen?"
Ushio: "At that time, who were we looking for?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I get it now! It was Kurodani!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Did Michiru activate it unconsciously?"
Ushio: "Has something like that ever happened before?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...No, never."
Ushio: "Then the chances of that happening now are slim. Think back to yesterday when the cat appeared. At the same time..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh right, Kurodani went missing and we were looking for her!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Thinking back to what happened yesterday... Was it Kurodani?"
Ushio: "Yes. When I heard about what happened last night, this Mist immediately came to mind. If she were that cat―"
Ushio: "It would make sense that we didn't find anyone when we used the Key of Janus, because she was running around too quickly."
Mitsuyoshi: "But later that night, she returned back to the dorm as herself."
Ushio: "That was most likely because the Mist ran out of mana and she turned back to normal as a result."
Mitsuyoshi: "So you're saying that this morning, she tried to turn into a cat again and messed up, causing it to go out of control?"
Ushio: "Yes, exactly. Let's go find her."
Maya: "I'm really sorry!!"
*She's bowing even deeper than when she apologized for forgetting her homework at school.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You know..."
*As we thought, Kurodani was the cause of all this.*
Maya: "Sorry!! I couldn't believe that I'd turned into a cat, but I was curious and wanted to have a bit more fun with it..."
Maya: "...Next thing I knew, this happened. I'm really sorry..."
Ushio: "When we talked to you last time, you had already transformed into a cat once, correct?"
Maya: "Yes... I picked up a cat-shaped ornament and then suddenly turned into one."
*She had panicked for a moment, thinking about what she should do, and decided to visit the Bureau for help.*
Maya: "But I was a cat and couldn't say anything... and I was curious to see what the Bureau office looked like, so I went there."
Maya: "I surprised everyone there more than I expected, which is why I ran away."
Mutsuki: "How did you turn back into a human after that?"
Maya: "It just sort of happened after I went back to my room and waited a little while."
Mutsuki: "So you were still in control of it at the time."
Ushio: "You should've told us the truth the first time we asked."
Maya: "I'm really sorry!! I was going to return it after playing around with it one last time, but I never expected to turn everyone into cats..."
Mitsuyoshi: "When you came to the Bureau, you left with a quill pen attached to you, right? Do you have that with you?"
Maya: "A quill pen? Ah, that might've been what fell onto the ground when I turned back to normal."
Maya: "Give me a sec!"
*She goes back into her own room and soon returns with a pen in her hand.*
Maya: "This?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yep, that's the one."
Maya: "Here you go!"
Mutsuki: "Great, we've got everything back now."
Ushio: "That's true, but... Kurodani-san."
Maya: "Yes?"
Ushio: "This just happened to be something that didn't pose much danger, but it might not be this way the next time. Please exercise more caution."
Maya: "O-Okay..."
Ushio: "At worst, you could lose your life. If you find something suspicious, please do not touch it and let us know immediately."
Maya: "Got it!"
Ushio: "While we do regularly work to take care of these sorts of things, there's no point if the rest of the students don't cooperate."
Maya: "S-Sorry..."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's enough, isn't it? I'm sure Kurodani's reflected on her actions by now."
Maya: "I have! I really have!! I feel super bad about it!"
Mutsuki: "The next time you see something like this..."
Maya: "I won't touch it!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "See?"
Ushio: "...Very well."
Maya: "Haah... Thanks, Koga."
Maya: "What can I do to make up for it... I know! Let's throw that after school party we were talking about the other day."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Oh, we did make plans for that, didn't we?"
*I had promised Kurodani and Yoshida a while back that we'd have a tea party together, but one thing happened after another and it never came to fruition.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I did say that we'd do it some other time."
Maya: "Right?"
Mutsuki: "After school party...?"
Ushio: "What is this obscene-sounding party you're talking about?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What do you mean, obscene? It's not like I'll be alone with Kurodani. Yoshida'll be there too."
Ushio: "What are the three of you planning to do!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "We're just going to have tea!"
Maya: "...Oh?"
Ushio: "Huh?"
Maya: "My sincerest apologies that I didn't notice sooner!!"
Ushio: "Wha... Kurodani-san...!?"
Maya: "I didn't mean for it to look like I was snatching your husband away from you~ That wasn't my intention at all~"
*She prods Mooko with her elbow as a sinister smile appears on her face.*
Ushio: "H-H-H-Hus..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Go back to your room, Kurodani!! Please, I'm begging you!!"
*Mooko's going to explode any second now.*
*I hurriedly push Kurodani away from the scene.*
Ushio: "It's a misunderstanding!"
*Mooko yells out in Kurodani's general direction.*
Maya: "Yes, yes, I'm sure~"
Mitsuyoshi: "Didn't I tell you to go back!?"
Maya: "Ahaha, sorry."
*She walks away while laughing and waving goodbye.*
Ushio: "Has she really reflected on her actions!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "The Mist part, probably."
Ushio: "Probably isn't enough!"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I'm sure she genuinely feels bad about getting other students involved."
Mutsuki: "Yeah, I agree. That's not what you're angry about anyway."
Ushio: "Mutsuki... Please don't bring it up again..."
Mutsuki: "Ahaha, sorry. Anyway, I'm glad that we got all of this resolved."
Mitsuyoshi: "And we found the pen too."
Ushio: "......"
*She heaves a heavy sigh.*
*Probably to switch her mental gears.*
Ushio: "Let's have everyone gather at the Bureau office and try using the Mist."
*She still seems somewhat displeased, but that sigh was enough for her to return to her usual self.*
Ushio: "Now then, I would like to use the Mist to gain some insight into what happened 20 years ago."
*Everyone is here, including Rito.*
*Scratch that, Michiru is out like a light since she used up all her power earlier.*
*The pens that were finally reunited and the bottle of ink are before our eyes.*
*Together, they comprise the Mist Ambriel, which is capable of recording past memories.*
Ushio: "―In order to make it easier for us to understand, I've prepared two notebooks."
*She places a black one and a white one on top of the desk.*
*According to Rito, what paper we use doesn't matter, so Mooko had them match the colors of the pens.*
*The memories of the past will be written into them.*
Ushio: "The memories of someone from 20 years ago. The first person is this school's founder, Kral Lazurit."
Ushio: "She created Rito-san, which is why we've brought her here, as the Mist recognizes her as a possession."
*Hearing her referred to as an object always makes me feel uncomfortable since she looks like an ordinary girl, but there's nothing I can do about that.*
*It doesn't seem to faze her at all.*
*It's to be expected from a homunculus, but...*
Ushio: "The other person is the owner of this water balloon, which Hyter Sprite found for us. Their identity is unknown."
Louis: "Which one are we starting with?"
Ushio: "Lazurit more certainly played an important role in what happened 20 years ago, so let's start with her."
Louis: "Understood. I shall begin now."
Louis: "...Please pardon me. Was that sufficient?"
Rito: "Yes. You just need to supply it with mana now."
Louis: "How much am I looking to put into it?"
Rito: "The more you give it, the further back into the past it goes. The amount that a normal spell uses will take you back about two years."
Louis: "Understood."
*He opens the black notebook, places the pen on it, and holds his hand above it.*
*It seems that this is how he's infusing the pen with mana.*
*Soon after, the pen rises up and begins writing words on its own―*
**
*The school is finally complete.*
*I'm naming it "Libra Lapis Lazuli Academy."*
*I'll have to protect this school as its principal from now on.*
*It's a massive responsibility, but I have to do it.*
*There are already students applying.*
*They all had the same worries I had when I was younger.*
*They're all distressed about what to do with their Magie powers.*
*I want to help them.*
*Their excessive power ostracizes them and instills fear in others.*
*I can teach them how to control their powers and to use them properly.*
*About mana and magical tools.*
*If you use either of them in the wrong way, you'll end up hurting people.*
*However, they are not necessarily meant to be feared.*
*I have to convey that to my future students.*
*I've gathered quite a large number of magical tools already and they're sealed in the basement.*
*People ask me why I would seal away such convenient items.*
*But is living your life while being entirely dependent on them true happiness?*
*I'm still debating whether or not to teach my students how to use magical tools.*
*But I definitely want them to know how to use them properly and how fearsome they can be when used incorrectly.*
*Perhaps I should tell them to avoid creating situations where they are forced to use those tools.*
*I'll pray that my students can walk down a path where they won't have to depend on magical tools.*
*Maybe one day, those tools will be forgotten and become nothing more than mementos, fading away like mist.*
*That would be perfect.*
*I want Mists to be nothing more than objects that quietly watch as time flows by.*
*My powers as a Magie.*
*The Mists I've collected.*
*I'll do everything I can in order to protect this school.*
*There's one thing I've decided after I made that resolve.*
*From now on, my name is Kral Lazurit.*
*The name of someone who procures, seals, and protects Mists.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...When was the school founded again?"
Ushio: "60 or 70 years ago, I believe."
Shizuka: "You went too far back!"
Louis: "My apologies. It seems that I've put too much mana in..."
Adelheid: "That's unlike you."
Louis: "I've never used this tool before, so I didn't know how much was needed."
Ushio: "Can you keep going?"
Louis: "Yes. I'll try to readjust."
*Saying that, he attempts to infuse the pen with mana once again.*
*I might have made the wrong decision again.*
*What would the correct one have been...?*
*But it's too late to turn back now.*
*I have to steel myself.*
*For her sake.*
*All I can do is carry out what I believe in.*
*Ah, but...*
*I'm hopelessly worried.*
*I can't tell anyone, but I'm a nervous wreck.*
*But I have no choice but to suppress it.*
*For her sake.*
*She's sensitive to my unease.*
*I bet she's picked up on it already.*
*Oh no, that will only serve to make her worry too.*
*I have to be strong.*
*For her sake.*
Mutsuki: "...I wonder who she's referring to."
Ushio: "It's hard to tell when all we have is text."
Kasumi: "Yeah, it sounds like someone important to her. That's all I can figure out."
Ushio: "'Too late to turn back'... Did something happen just before this?"
Kasumi: "Should we go back a bit further?"
Louis: "I'll try."
*She came to my home today.*
*I finally managed to bring her to Libra Lapis Lazuli Academy.*
*The girl called "Dite."*
*I'll be her mother starting from today.*
*When she gripped my outstretched hand, she called me "Mother."*
*No, to be precise―*
*She asked me:*
"Will you be my mother?"
*Carrying a ceramic doll made in her image, she held my hand as I brought her here.*
*It appears that that doll was her sole conversation partner.*
*I wonder how lonely she felt...*
*I'm extremely glad that I managed to take her into my care without incident.*
*Seeing the school has piqued her curiosity.*
*I want to teach her all sorts of knowledge and bestow all sorts of items upon her.*
*Ah, but first, I have to give her the most important thing.*
"Dite" means "baby" and is nothing more than a general way to refer to someone.
*Yes, she does not yet have a proper name.*
*I have to give her one.*
*I've given it lots of thought, but I'm worried that she won't like what I name her and I can't decide.*
*What should I do...?*
Tsubaki: "So this Dite is the person she was referring to before?"
Kasumi: "Sounds like it."
Ushio: "...Given the affection in her words, it would be safe to assume that it is."
Louis: "...Let me rest for a bit."
*Surprisingly, his voice shows traces of fatigue.*
Ushio: "Sorry, did I force you to do too much?"
Kasumi: "It uses that much mana?"
Louis: "No, the mana is not a problem, but controlling the amount of mana I supply it is extremely taxing..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is it like having to thread a needle over and over again?"
Louis: "Yes, precisely."
Adelheid: "You should've said something earlier. No need to force yourself."
Louis: "This is well within my limits. Are you even listening to what I'm saying?"
Adelheid: "I'm trying to show concern for you here!"
Shizuka: "Ah geez, don't fight. Just wait, I'll make some tea."
*He quickly gets up from his seat and puts boiling water and tea leaves into a preheated teapot.*
*He's getting more and more skilled at this.*
Kasumi: "In that case..."
Kasumi: "How about I try using the white pen while you're resting?"
Shizuka: "Don't push yourself."
Kasumi: "I watched him as he was doing it, so it should be fine. Like this, right?"
Kasumi: "And then..."
*She opens the white notebook, places the pen down on it, and holds her hand high to provide mana...*
*When I came to, I was here.*
*It happened in the blink of an eye.*
*When I woke up in the morning, Mother said "Good morning" to me. That's how it all started.*
*I don't care what happened before that.*
*I don't remember.*
*That's why I became Sedmy.*
*I am Sedmy.*
*Because that's what Mother calls me.*
*She holds my hand and walks with me through the pretty garden.*
*She takes me to see the huge clock.*
*I love Mother.*
Kasumi: "It's Dite!"
Louis: "Could... she be the girl that Lazurit said she took in?"
Mutsuki: "Amazing! The fairy worked wonders for us!"
Tsubaki: "To think that we would have both of the people involved..."
Shizuka: "She mentioned a big clock, so that's this school, isn't it?"
Ushio: "It would seem so... Lazurit took custody of this girl and brought her to Libra Lapis Lazuli Academy..."
Mutsuki: "She said her name was Sedmy, right? Oh, but this was 20 years ago, so she's probably older than us by now."
Tsubaki: "If we met her now, she'd be a fine young lady."
Kasumi: "Let's keep reading!"
*Suddenly energized, Sumi-chan excitedly resumes supplying the pen with mana.*
*Flames were everywhere.*
*I could hear everyone screaming.*
*Why?*
*Why did things turn out this way?*
"This was all caused by a foolish mistake I made.
*I'm sorry."*
*She was crying.*
*I don't understand.*
*I just don't understand.*
*When I asked her if she caused the fire, she nodded.*
*I wanted to console her, but she told me to escape.*
*She said there were things that she still had to do, and she pushed me out of the fire.*
*A wall of flames separated us and I couldn't see her anymore.*
*I couldn't hear everyone's screams either.*
*I don't understand.*
*Why did things turn out this way?*
*I'm lonely.*
Ushio: "This is..."
*None of us could say anything for a while after the last character was written.*
*It's like we've all transcended time, watching the roaring flames with bated breath.*
Kasumi: "She said 'Mother'... So the one who started the fire was..."
Louis: "It would have to be Kral Lazurit."
Adelheid: "No way!"
Adelheid: "I'm positive that she's not someone who would do something like that thoughtlessly. She must've had a good reason."
Louis: "I'm fully aware of that. The question now becomes what that reason was."
Adelheid: "Yes..."
*To Heidi, Lazurit is her beloved grandmother's friend, and I'm sure Heidi doesn't want to believe that she would do something as devastating as that.*
Mitsuyoshi: (That being said, what could possibly have prompted Lazurit to start the fire...?)
Ushio: "...Rito-san, let me ask just to make sure. How did Lazurit-san behave on the day of the fire?"
Rito: "...I did not see her that day, so I don't know."
Ushio: "Because you were in the library the entire time I presume, meaning that she did not go down to the basement that day."
Rito: "Correct."
Ushio: "What about before that, maybe a few days before? Did she act any differently than usual?"
Rito: "I'm not sure... As far as I remember, she wasn't acting strangely."
Ushio: "Do you know anything about the girl that Lazurit-san adopted? Did she ever visit the library?"
Rito: "I know her. She would always hole up in this room."
Mitsuyoshi: "This room!?"
Ushio: "The Bureau's office used to be her room?"
Rito: "Yes."
*That would explain why the water balloon scrap was here.*
Ushio: "What happened to her after the fire? Did she survive?"
Rito: "I don't know. I never saw her again after that."
Ushio: "I see..."
Shizuka: "It says here that she was pushed out of the fire, which means that she should've survived, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It sounds like she's still alive... but then why didn't Rito see her again?"
Mitsuyoshi: "If she lived in this room, she would've run into Rito if she came back."
Kasumi: "Hmm... Maybe she never came back to the school after she escaped?"
Mutsuki: "I'm really curious about what happens next!"
Kasumi: "Okay, I'll keep going..."
Louis: "I'm ready as well."
Adelheid: "Really?"
Louis: "Ja."
Kasumi: "...Wait, huh? It's not working."
Louis: "Why?"
Kasumi: "Actually, it's like it's not accepting my mana at all."
Tsubaki: "I wonder why."
Louis: "...It's this. We're out of ink."
Mutsuki: "What!?"
*He picks up the ink bottle and shows us.*
*It's clearly empty.*
Shizuka: "The ink can run out!?"
Louis: "This appears to be mana in some sort of liquid form."
Ushio: "Does this mean that we can't use the Mist anymore, Rito-san?"
Rito: "No, it will refill itself over time."
Kasumi: "So... we're waiting for the ink to come back, then?"
Ushio: "Apparently so."
Mutsuki: "Waah, the suspense is killing me! What's with this Mist!?"
Louis: "There's nothing we can do about it. Let's resume after the ink has refilled."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
*With that, we call it a day and all return to our own rooms.*
*The Mist took longer than expected to write what it did, and it's already well into nighttime.*
*Before, at this time of day, the Realm of Night would've appeared and there would be a bunch of students walking in, but there's none of that now.*
*The spell cast on this school was broken.*
Mitsuyoshi: (It's a bit unsettling how quiet it is.)
*As we're walking back to the dorms, Hanatate starts talking to Heidi.*
Mutsuki: "Adelheid-san, why are you at this school?"
Adelheid: "A memento belonging to my grandmother was stuck in one of the Mists at this school. I came here to retrieve it."
Mutsuki: "Did you manage to find it?"
Adelheid: "Yes, I did."
*Heidi and Louis originally came to this school in order to search for that memento.*
*However, after discovering the school's plot, they decided to stay behind and help us out.*
Ushio: "Do you still have it on you?"
Adelheid: "No, I had it delivered back home. It's a shame I couldn't have returned it to her directly."
Ushio: "I see..."
Mutsuki: "It must've been something extremely important."
Adelheid: "Indeed, important enough to have Louis come to Japan himself. I really do regret not being there to return it."
Mitsuyoshi: (...And yet she still decided to stay.)
*I feel a bit sorry about that.*
*They've already completed their objective.*
*In spite of that they're helping us out, saying that they don't want to leave behind unfinished business.*
Mitsuyoshi: (That may be their true feelings, but it's probably not...)
*Because I know that the sharp-tongued butler and his mistress are both good people at heart...*
Louis: "Koga."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Louis: "Come with me. I want to talk to you."
*We separate from Mooko and the rest of the gang, saying that we'll head back after taking a bit of a detour.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hey."
*I start the conversation.*
*I wanted to get this out of the way.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks for sticking with us."
Louis: "Huh? What are you talking about?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You two have already done what you came here to do, and yet you stayed behind."
Louis: "Oh, that."
*A forced smile appears on the butler's face.*
*It's not his usual sarcastic one, but rather a smile that is tinged with awkwardness.*
Louis: "There's no need to thank us for that. My true objective wasn't to find that memento."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Louis: "I'm the current head of the Weinberger family, but I'm on bad terms with my predecessors from the main family."
Mitsuyoshi: "Predecessors... So you don't succeed after the previous one dies? Must be a lot of old-timers still around then."
Louis: "Succession happens when the head of the family's body is unable to withstand the mana of the false eye."
Mitsuyoshi: "...I see."
Louis: "Well, it's because of that bad blood that Dorothea, Adelheid's grandmother, told me to come here in order to distance myself from them."
Louis: "It's basically to calm all of us down. Looking for the memento was nothing more than an excuse for me to leave Germany."
Mitsuyoshi: "Haah... Let me guess, Heidi..."
Louis: "Doesn't know."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thought so."
*I can't see her intentions as anything but wanting to find her grandmother's keepsake.*
Louis: "As much as I said to not keep secrets between us, I couldn't say anything since Adelheid was around."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, I won't say anything to her about it either."
Louis: "Thanks."
*He's sincerely doing his best to uphold that promise.*
Louis: "Anyway..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Louis: "The Weinberger family invests in Libra Lapis Lazuli Academy. It's not like this doesn't involve us."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I didn't know that."
Louis: "If word gets out that a school that we were directly funding was using a spell like that, it would raise concerns about our trustworthiness."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah, your sponsors would be knocking at your door."
Louis: "At the very least, it would tarnish our name as magicians."
Louis: "Which is why we stand to gain as well if we can resolve this cleanly. Don't worry about it."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right. We'll be sure to make good use of your help."
Louis: "You can work us like slaves for all I care. That's why we stayed behind."
*After that, Louis's expression tenses up and he says to me in a serious tone of voice:*
Louis: "...There's something I want to ask you."
Mitsuyoshi: "What is it?"
Louis: "Has there ever been a time when your sister's eyes turned red when she used her power?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Her eyes?"
*When Michiru uses her power...*
Mitsuyoshi: (My memories from back then are fuzzy at best...)
Mitsuyoshi: "No, not that I remember at least."
Louis: "Is that so... That's good. It's most likely not what I feared."
Mitsuyoshi: "What do you mean?"
Louis: "...I was a bit anxious."
Mitsuyoshi: "Of what?"
Louis: "There are some Magie that are notoriously powerful, and all of them have red eyes."
Louis: "I thought that might have been the case with your sister, but if she doesn't have those eyes, then the chances are slim..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You mean those red-eyed Magie you mentioned before? I think you said that they're able to bend the laws of physics."
Mitsuyoshi: "But doesn't your fake eye turn red when you use its power?"
Louis: "Yeah, the Weinberger Magie had red eyes, and so did Kral Lazurit supposedly."
Louis: "Red-eyed Magie possess orders of magnitude more mana than regular Magie, so one mistake from them could spell catastrophe."
Louis: "Although it's not a given that a red-eyed Magie brings misfortune."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see..."
Louis: "I'm not sure what your sister's power is yet, but it worries me since it's quite strong and she doesn't have complete control over it."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*―rning... burning...*
*―Fire...*
*―No... way...*
*―This is...*
*―...-chan, I'm... rry...*
*―...The fire... is everywhere...*
*―Onii...-cha...*
*―You... that power... anymore...*
*―...that power...*
Mitsuyoshi: (That... That power was...)
*It went rampant.*
*This is what Louis was mentioning before...*
Mitsuyoshi: (...There has been a case of it going rampant...)
*However, for some reason, I couldn't say that out loud.*
*If I tell him about what happened back then, he'll give me advice.*
*It's not that I don't trust him, of course.*
*And yet―*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Is it true? Is Michiru really a dangerous Magie as Louis is suggesting?)
*One who may not be malicious, but whose excessive strength could bring about calamity...*
*I don't want to believe that.*
*She's supposed to be a regular girl, one who bosses me around when she's at home, is shy when she's outside, and is a pain to deal with at times...*
Louis: "When she turned all the cats back to normal, I didn't see her having red eyes either."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Right."
*I nod, feeling a sense of relief from his words.*
Louis: "But at the moment when the cats were being transformed, I felt my consciousness being sucked away. I may have missed it, but that is what I saw at least."
Mitsuyoshi: "I've never seen it before. Michiru... is just an ordinary girl."
Louis: "...I can't agree that she's ordinary, but it's likely that my apprehensions were misplaced."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*Can't agree, huh...*
*I have no way of refuting that.*
*But...*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Why is Michiru a Magie?)
*Things would've been better off if she never had that power.*
*We leisurely walk back to the dorms.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah..."
Louis: "Oh."
*I had told her to head back first, but Mooko is standing sullenly by the main entrance.*
Louis: "―I will leave you two alone."
*With a smirk on his face, Louis gives a polite greeting and enters the dorm.*
Ushio: "......"
*Mooko doesn't so much as glance at Louis and continues to glare at me.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She's not going to tell Louis that he's misunderstanding or anything, huh...)
*She's seriously angry.*
*But for what reason...*
Ushio: "There's something I want to confirm with you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure."
*I have no idea what she's so mad about, but since I don't remember doing anything wrong, I react calmly.*
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "What did you want?"
*She's looking more and more displeased by the minute, and she sulkily raises her eyebrows.*
Ushio: "...You said that we're temporarily putting our relationship on hold, right?"
*That shakes me up a little.*
*I wasn't expecting her to jump straight into that.*
Ushio: "Does that apply when it comes to other people as well?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Huh?"
*What does she mean?*
*Other people...?*
Mitsuyoshi: (Oh, is she still hung up over what happened with Kurodani?)
*Kurodani teased her about snatching her husband away or something.*
*She's nothing more than a classmate to me, and she was probably just having fun after seeing Mooko's reaction.*
*And...*
Maya: "I know! Let's throw that after school party we were talking about the other day."
Ushio: "What is this obscene-sounding party you're talking about?"
*She's probably bothered by that too.*
*It was originally a plan to cheer up the homesick Yoshida, but of course Mooko knows nothing about that.*
Ushio: "Well? Does it apply to others?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I don't see why it wouldn't."
Ushio: "...Is that so?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you jealous? You're the only one in my eyes, you know."
Ushio: "...Y-You're the one who said to put things on hold, so please refrain from saying things like that!!"
*Her cheeks go red in the blink of an eye, and she turns around after practically yelling that out.*
Ushio: "It! Is! On! Hold!!"
*She then runs into the dorm, almost as if she were trying to escape from me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "On hold, huh..."
*It seems that to her, it's justification for not thinking about the matter.*
Mitsuyoshi: (This ended up being a surprisingly good idea.)
*I think that as I picture her blushing, chanting "on hold, on hold" as if it were some sort of spell.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...I'll make sure I see that face from the front one day.)
*...If I said that to her, she'd summon a Mist powerful enough to destroy the school, so I'll keep quiet.*
*For now, at least.*
Michiru: "...Mm."
*My eyes open to a dark room.*
*I can vaguely make out a familiar ceiling...*
*Ah, this is my own room.*
*Good, it's not some dimly lit place I've never been before.*
Michiru: "Fwaah... It's still night..."
*Why did I wake up at a time like this?*
*Onii-chan, Mom, and Dad are all still asleep...*
Michiru: (Mom...)
*For some reason, a twinge of unease sprouts within my chest.*
*What is this...?*
*I sit up in my bed, feeling somewhat anxious.*
Michiru: "......"
*Looking around, I survey my room, and nothing's out of place.*
Michiru: (Weird...)
*Still, I can't get back to sleep, so I get up and head to the living room.*
"...Oh, Michiru?"
"What's wrong? You can't sleep?"
*The room is bright, and my parents are still awake.*
Michiru: "Mom... Dad..."
"Hmm? What's wrong?"
*My mother smiles warmly and hugs me when I walk up to her.*
Michiru: "Mom..."
*I hug her back.*
*I feel my hair being gently petted.*
*It's my mom's hands...*
Michiru: (I... I'm not a normal girl...)
"Hahaha, what's the matter? You're so clingy today."
"Did you have a scary dream?"
*Mom, Dad, and Onii-chan all treasure me.*
Michiru: (I was... so happy...)
*―Was.*
*Chills run down my spine.*
*And then I realize.*
*It's... It's impossible for this to be happening.*
Michiru: "Mom..."
*Her gentle embrace disappears in an instant.*
Michiru: "Dad..."
*His soft gaze is no longer there.*
*They all went up in flames.*
*Everything was swallowed up by the fire and turned into ashes.*
Michiru: "...Onii-chan."
*―...ly! Run away, quickly...!*
*―Even if it's just you... hurry...*
Michiru: "Onii-chan...!!"
*In order to save me, Onii-chan also...*
Michiru: "I... I..."
*It's all my fault.*
*It's all my fault.*
*It's all my fault.*
*It's all my fault.*
*It's all my fault.*
*It's all my fault.*
*It's all...*
Michiru: "...It's all my fault that..."
*I begin to feel faint as self-hatred fills my chest.*
*This is a dream.*
*I know that now.*
*But I can't brush it away, and I simply stand in the middle of the flames.*
Michiru: "It's... It's all my fault..."
Michiru: "...Huh?"
*I see something in the midst of the flickering redness.*
*A person...?*
Michiru: "Who..."
*I don't think it's anyone I recognise.*
*I can't tell for sure... but I think it's a woman.*
*But I definitely don't know her.*
Michiru: "Who are you? Why are you here?"
*This is supposed to be my dream.*
*All of the people here are supposed to be burned away.*
*The woman extends her hand towards me.*
Michiru: "......!?"
*―She's going to take it away.*
*My instincts tell me that, and I move backwards.*
Michiru: (Take it away? Take what away...?)
*I don't know.*
*But it's something important to me.*
Michiru: "No... Don't! Stay away!!"
*Her hand moves closer.*
Michiru: "No... Noooooooo!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...What's wrong?"
Michiru: "......"
*She doesn't respond, and only shakes her head repeatedly.*
*She then clings to me even harder and buries her face in my chest.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What... There, there, did you have a scary dream?"
Michiru: "......"
*I think I saw her nodding slightly.*
*I give her a couple of pats on the back.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Everything's okay. It was just a dream. It's still early, so go back to sleep, all right?"
Michiru: "...Okay."
*She finally said something.*
Mitsuyoshi: (What did she dream about...?)
*I have a faint idea.*
*Because I've had the same nightmare countless times already.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Good night, Michiru."
*After stroking her back for a while, I hear her start to snore again.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Fwaahh..."
*I let off successive yawns since I got woken up earlier.*
*As I drowsily put on my uniform, I see something squirming on top of my bed.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you're awake?"
Michiru: "...Yeah."
*She has a troubled expression on her face.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Must be because of the dream she had...)
*I watch her out of the corner of my eye as I get dressed.*
*She seems pretty dispirited.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Dang... What do I do now?)
*Will she be fine if I leave her alone here?*
*It was only a bad dream, but then again, she can be a handful when she's mentally unstable.*
*She managed to transport herself here from home. Who knows what she'd do if she got even more worried?*
*I'd be lucky if she ended up popping into my classroom, considering her mana...*
Shizuka: "Hey, you awake?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Murakumo?"
Michiru: "Ah...! W-Wait!"
*Being seen in her pajamas by someone probably isn't the best idea.*
*She hurries out of bed, grabs her clothes, and jumps into the bathroom.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What do you want so early in the morning?"
*Opening the door, I see Murakumo standing there with his usual grouchy face.*
*He peeks inside the room, and some of the tension disappears from his face when he sees Michiru.*
Shizuka: "Michiru's awake too? Great."
Mitsuyoshi: "You need her for something?"
Shizuka: "Here."
Mitsuyoshi: "...The Key of Janus?"
*He takes it out from his pocket and tosses it towards me.*
Shizuka: "I talked with Kasumi and Mibu-san about whether having her hold on to one while she's here would be a good idea."
*Right now, he and Sumi-chan each have one.*
*We took the one that the principal used to have and had the two siblings take care of them.*
Michiru: "Huh... Me?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...I see."
*Given how much mana she has, she could use the key more or less infinitely, and it would make it easier for her to move between my room and the Bureau office without being seen.*
Mitsuyoshi: "That would help. Thanks a bunch."
Shizuka: "Thank Mibu-san and Kasumi."
Michiru: "A key? What's it for?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's a Mist called the Key of Janus. If you put it into a door―wait, you could probably do it in midair. Anyway, if you insert and turn it, it'll take you to anyone you have in mind."
*I give her a brief explanation on how to use it and pass it to her.*
Michiru: "Huh, so with this, I can go from here to where you guys are in no time at all."
*Hearing that, she regains some of her spirit, as some of her worries have been dispelled.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yes, but if it's not an emergency, just stick to the Bureau office after school. I don't want to have to deal with other students seeing you."
Michiru: "Okay."
*Nodding, Michiru looks at Murakumo and gives a surprisingly confident smile.*
Michiru: "Thank you, Shizuka."
Shizuka: "Like I said, don't thank me..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're not being honest here, Shizuka-chan."
Shizuka: "Don't call me that! Anyway, my job here is done, so I'll see you later!"
*Saying that, he leaves as quickly as he can.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...I should get going too."
Michiru: "Okay, see you."
*Waving her hand, she flops back onto the bed.*
*She looks like she'll be fine.*
Mitsuyoshi: "If you get hungry, just grab something from the fridge."
Michiru: "'kay..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm heading out now."
*With that, I leave my room.*
Maya: "Oh, morning, Koga!"
Soara: "Good morning."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, morning."
*Arriving at my classroom, I see that Kurodani and Yoshida are chatting with each other about something as usual.*
Maya: "Hey, did you know about this? I heard a weird rumor!"
*She calls out to me while patting me on the shoulder.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Weird rumor?"
*She caught wind of yet another one?*
*But it might have something to do with Mists...*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's it about?"
*Seeing my interest in the topic, Kurodani's eyes light up and she starts talking about it energetically.*
Maya: "You know the bed in the infirmary? If you sleep in it you can become your ideal self, although only for a short period of time."
Mitsuyoshi: "...What? Ideal self?"
Maya: "Yeah! Like the person you've always wanted to be. For example, if you wanted to be more modest or more aggressive."
Mitsuyoshi: "Haah, I see now. So it lets you change your personality however you want?"
Maya: "Yeah, probably!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Probably, huh?"
Maya: "It's a rumor after all. I don't know much about it either. I just heard it a little while ago."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm, someone's ideal self, huh..."
Maya: "What would you want to change about yourself, Koga?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Me? I don't really..."
*Nothing in particular comes to mind.*
*I don't think... I have any complaints about my own personality.*
Maya: "Nothing at all?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I don't think so."
Maya: "You could make yourself popular with the girls."
Mitsuyoshi: "...That's a personality trait?"
Maya: "Beats me. Well, it's not like you're hopelessly unpopular anyway."
Mitsuyoshi: "I don't remember being popular either."
Maya: "Huh, you think so? You're quite up there in my rankings at least."
Mitsuyoshi: "R-Really?"
Maya: "Things seem to be going pretty smoothly between you and Shishigatani-senpai too."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*Deny it*
*Change the topic*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's really nothing like what you're thinking."
*If I confirm it here, there's no telling what she'll say the next time she runs into Mooko.*
*And it's not a complete lie since our relationship is temporarily on hold.*
Maya: "Hmm... Is that so? I see. Hmm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What?"
Maya: "Nothing, nothing."
*I bet she'll get a kick out of it regardless of whether I confirm or deny it.*
*Which means that it's time to change the course of the conversation.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, I'll take that as a compliment. For what it's worth, you're pretty high up on my rankings too, Kurodani."
Maya: "What!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I said that you're pretty high up on my rankings, too."
Maya: "You didn't have to repeat yourself! Where did that come from!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You're the one who said it first."
Maya: "Argh! That's not what I'm trying to ask!"
Soara: "Anyway, it's great that you have so much confidence in yourself, Koga-kun."
*Yoshida, listening to our banter, looks downcast as she gives a troubled smile.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is there something that you want to change about yourself?"
Soara: "Of course there is! I wish I could stop being such a coward."
Maya: "But it's only for a while. It won't change you permanently."
Soara: "Uu, r-right... There's not much point then..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What about you, Kurodani?"
Maya: "Me? Hmm, the biggest problem is that it's only temporary."
*She folds her arms, deep in thought.*
*She knits her brows, taking this quite seriously.*
Maya: "It'd be nice to stop being a scatterbrain or to stop jumping to conclusions, but again, it's meaningless if it's not permanent..."
Maya: "...I know! What about being fluent in English!?"
Soara: "That's not a personality trait though."
Maya: "But it might be possible. If I suddenly started speaking perfect English, wouldn't everyone be shocked?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, for sure."
Maya: "Oh, how about German instead? Those two visitors are German, right?"
Soara: "Yeah, they are. You could talk to them in German. That sounds kind of fun."
Maya: "Yeah, yeah! ...Hmm? But wait."
Soara: "What's wrong?"
Maya: "If it's possible for me to become fluent in English... maybe I could also be able to see those things!"
Soara: "B-By that you mean..."
Maya: "Ghosts, obviously..."
Soara: "Noooo!! If that happened, you'd be telling me nonstop that there's a ghost here or a ghost there!"
Maya: "Of course!!"
Soara: "No way! In that case, while you're able to see ghosts, I'll cure my cowardice!"
Maya: "I wonder if I'd be able to see Hanako-san or the man in the red cape. Oh wait, the one at our school isn't Hanako-san, it's some crossdresser instead."
Mitsuyoshi: "Those don't count as ghosts, do they? And actually, is that really who you want to become...?"
Maya: "I'd love it."
Mitsuyoshi: "I-I see..."
*I suddenly recall the Kurodani I saw in the dream world the other day.*
*So that really is her ideal...*
Maya: "Oh, it's the bell."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Kurodani."
*I call out to her in a low voice as she's about to go back to her seat.*
Maya: "Hmm?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't try to go to the infirmary just for fun, okay? Remember what happened with the cats?"
Maya: "Yeah, yeah, I know."
*And she gives a wry smile.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you sure you're not taking this too lightly?"
Maya: "I'm positive. I even had you worry about me. It won't happen again."
Mitsuyoshi: "...That's fine then."
Maya: "...Thanks, Koga."
Maya: "Oh, but even if I don't go, I heard that there's been an increase in the number of students visiting because of the rumor."
Mitsuyoshi: "Seriously...?"
*Well, that's how rumors work, I suppose.*
*Because of how many strange things happen here, a lot of our students have developed an abnormally high tolerance.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I'm a bit curious myself, so I guess I'll go check out the infirmary after class.)
Mitsuyoshi: "Whoa, there's a huge crowd..."
*It seems that the rumor's spread much further than I thought, and there's a ton of students clogging up the hallway outside the infirmary.*
*There are some who are blatantly interested, and some who are trying to casually look at what's going on out of the corner of their eyes as they walk past.*
Ushio: "―Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, Mooko and Hanatate."
*These two girls were among them.*
*Of course, they're not here to satisfy their curiosity. Just like me, they're simply wondering if there's a Mist involved.*
Mutsuki: "Hey, Micchi. Are you here because of that rumor too?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I heard it from Kurodani. The one about turning you into your ideal self, right?"
Mutsuki: "Yep, that's the one. Everyone in our class was talking about it."
Mitsuyoshi: "But it's only temporary though. What's with that half-assed wish granting?"
Mutsuki: "Who knows? What do you think, Moo-chan?"
Ushio: "Well..."
*She thinks for a bit and then says, in a relaxed tone of voice:*
Ushio: "There have been cases before of a Mist being partially activated, and this might be another one of those."
Mutsuki: "So you think it's a Mist after all?"
Ushio: "It's possible that it's nothing more than a rumor, and I'd much prefer it to be that way."
Mutsuki: "Yeah. We've got that Amb... umm, the black and white notebooks on our plates already anyway..."
*She must've thought it'd be a bad idea to say the name of a Mist out loud when there are so many students around.*
Mitsuyoshi: "That just made it more confusing. What is 'black and white notebooks' supposed to mean?"
Mutsuki: "Ehehe, I couldn't think of a better way to describe it."
Mutsuki: "But because of that, I really hope we don't have any other weird incidents come up."
Ushio: "Indeed."
*Mooko smiles warmly.*
*The complete opposite of when she's talking to me.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Well, it's to be expected when she's talking to her best friend...)
PA Announcement: "Classes are now over for the day. All students, please return to your dormitories immediately."
*The familiar announcement signalling curfew plays after the bell.*
*The students outside the infirmary leave, grumbling about how it's already that time of day.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Should we go take a look at that bed?"
Ushio: "Yes, of course."
*We enter the empty infirmary.*
*It looks like the nurse was called to the staff room, so it's only the three of us.*
Ushio: "Mutsuki, could you inspect the other places in here as well?"
Mutsuki: "Okay."
*Mooko walks up to the bed and starts examining the sheets closely.*
*Hanatate is wandering around the infirmary, looking at everything.*
Mutsuki: "I never came here much before, so I don't know if it's changed or not... but it looks pretty normal."
Ushio: "Yes, it does."
*She replies without moving her eyes away from the bed or stopping her hands.*
*That being said, I don't get the feeling that it was a halfhearted response.*
Mutsuki: "Wow, the list of students who visited is huge."
Mitsuyoshi: "Today alone, more than a dozen people came here..."
*Students visiting the infirmary are required to write down their name and class in the notebook left near the door.*
*There are an unbelievable number of entries in it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm sure a bunch of them faked being sick in order to come here after hearing the rumor..."
Mutsuki: "With this many people, the nurse probably sent them all straight back after realizing that they weren't actually sick."
Ushio: "...Is there any pattern to their classes or grades?"
Mutsuki: "Not really. They look random."
*Mooko's not looking our way, but it seems that she's been listening.*
Mutsuki: "And... Hmm... Nope, not that I can tell."
Ushio: "All right. I don't see anything strange on my end, either."
Mutsuki: "Just an ordinary bed, huh? And it looks normal underneath, too."
Ushio: "I checked the mattress as well, but I didn't find anything."
Mutsuki: "Which means that it's not the room or the bed that's causing weird things to happen."
Ushio: "Then why is the rumor restricted to the infirmary...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*She's lost in thought as usual, and it might just be my imagination, but her tone of voice and facial expression seem softer.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Must be because her partner is here...)
*Their interactions and conversations give me the impression that the two of them used to always be like this.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Mooko's been looking for Hanatate all this time...)
*It should be a good thing that she's back.*
*I do think that, but...*
Mitsuyoshi: (What is this strange feeling?)
*I don't want to admit it, but I think I have some nasty thoughts in my heart.*
*Up until now, in spite of all our disagreements, I've been the one by Mooko's side. But I really can't win against someone who's been her best friend for years...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Argh, this is pointless. If I'm thinking this way... there must be something wrong with me...)
Ushio: "......? Koga-kun, what are you spacing out for?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Oh, I was thinking about something, my bad."
Ushio: "Thinking about what?"
*About the rumor*
*About Mutsuki*
*About dinner*
Mitsuyoshi: "Nothing much, just the rumor."
*There's no way I could tell her the truth, so I make something up on the spot.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I was just impressed with how skilled Hanatate is at this."
*There's no way I could tell her the truth, so I make something up to get through this.*
Mutsuki: "Huh, you think so? Thanks! Ehehe, Moo-chan, Micchi complimented me!"
Ushio: "It's good that the investigation is going smoothly."
*She looks a bit proud that her best friend was praised.*
*Suppressing these complicated feelings within me, I get back to the topic at hand.*
Mitsuyoshi: "But anyway, it sure is a strange rumor."
Mitsuyoshi: "I was just thinking that I'm getting a bit hungry."
*There's no way I could tell her the truth, so I make something up on the spot.*
Mutsuki: "Ah! I was thinking the same thing!"
Ushio: "...Are you okay?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Ushio: "Oh, umm... You're not hungry enough to collapse, are you...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, it's not that bad. I'm fine. It's really nothing, sorry."
*I thought that she'd be disappointed in me, but she's being surprisingly considerate.*
*Feeling somewhat apologetic, I return to the topic at hand.*
Mitsuyoshi: "But anyway, it sure is a strange rumor."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is there something about changing some aspect of yourself, even if it's just temporarily, that would make people so desperate to come here?"
Mutsuki: "Hmm, I think there are quite a few people who dislike something about themselves, like if they're shy."
Mitsuyoshi: "Would not being shy for a few minutes really be enough to make them happy?"
Mutsuki: "They could use that chance to confess to the boy they like or something."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I see... There are ways to take advantage of the effect, even if it isn't permanent."
Ushio: "Could it simply be that some people were curious to see what it is capable of?"
Mutsuki: "What do you mean?"
Ushio: "Perhaps they were hoping that it could change not only their personality, but also make them a genius so that they could ace an upcoming quiz, for example."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah... Kurodani mentioned something similar. She wanted to be fluent in English."
Mutsuki: "I get it! People wanted to test if that was a possibility."
Ushio: "In reality, even if it were the work of a Mist, we still have no idea what kind of changes are possible."
Mutsuki: "Hmm, your ideal self, huh? Moo-chan, is there anything you'd change?"
Ushio: "...No, not really."
Ushio: "...
*No, not really.Ushio: "*
Mitsuyoshi: "What was with that pause?"
Ushio: "What are you talking about?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm sure it popped into your mind for a bit. Like you're usually too standoffish with people, and you wish you were more honest with your own feelings."
Ushio: "The thought never crossed my mind!! And I'm not standoffish!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "How are you not?"
Ushio: "I could say the same thing to you. Have you never considered fixing that foul mouth of yours?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm just being honest."
Ushio: "If Murakumo-kun were here, he'd outright deny that."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm better than that! He's got a way fouler mouth than me, and don't get me started on his personality."
Ushio: "It would be a close competition. Birds of a feather truly flock together."
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you calling us friends? No way in hell."
Ushio: "You're only proving my point."
Mitsuyoshi: "What?"
Ushio: "Don't you think that if I said the same thing to Murakumo-kun, he'd respond exactly the way you did?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Mutsuki: "Ahaha, Moo-chan wins."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hanatate... Did you never think to interrupt us and put an end to this instead of just laughing?"
Mutsuki: "But it was so interesting. You two get along so well. It's to be expected, given how much you've gone through together."
Ushio: "How do we get along well!?"
Mutsuki: "It sure looked that way to me."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: (It's almost like Omaru's still here with us...)
*The weird jealousy I was feeling earlier is all but gone.*
Ushio: "A-Anyway, it doesn't seem like there's anything wrong here in the infirmary."
*She forces the conversation back to where it was before.*
*I have no objections, so I keep my mouth shut.*
Ushio: "I don't see any traces of a Mist either, so let's head back to the Bureau. The ink should have refilled by now."
*The ink bottle of the Mist that writes out memories from 20 years ago.*
*From what we could tell yesterday, now's around the time when we should be able to use it again, so we're going to be gathering in the Bureau office.*
Mutsuki: "Right, I've been waiting for this! It ended on such a cliffhanger."
Ushio: "Yes, let's get going."
*She turns around and starts walking.*
*Hanatate and I follow close after her.*
*We leave the infirmary and walk to the Bureau office.*
*On the way there, we figure that we might as well ask Rito about the rumor.*
Rito: "Allow someone to become their ideal self..."
Ushio: "Yes, is there a Mist that could do that?"
Rito: "There is too little information. I can't make a determination based on that."
Ushio: "I thought that would be the case."
*It's too vague of a description.*
*And it really is nothing more than a rumor; we haven't actually found anyone who's claimed that it's true.*
Ushio: "Could you come with us to the Bureau office then? We'd like to keep reading the memories from 20 years ago."
Rito: "Sure."
*Heidi, Louis, Tsubaki-chan, and the Murakumo siblings are already here.*
Adelheid: "...What should we start with? Continue from where we left off?"
Ushio: "No, jumping to random periods of time may lead to us missing some clues..."
Ushio: "I'd like to have it organized chronologically, so how about we start from the oldest?"
Ushio: "Of course, it may prove to be a pointless waste of time."
Louis: "I agree. Last time, I didn't know how to adjust the amount of mana so we ended up jumping back and forth, but I think I've got the hang of it now."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, even if it ends up taking longer, it'd be worse if we missed a crucial detail."
Kasumi: "Agreed."
Shizuka: "So everyone's cool with that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "If the Magie doing all the hard work are for it, I don't see why not."
Mutsuki: "Okay, let's go with that, then."
*We all agree with Mooko's suggestion, starting with the oldest and working our way forward.*
Ushio: "...Let's recap what we saw yesterday."
*She opens up the two notebooks with the memories written in them.*
*One black, one white.*
Ushio: "The memories in this white notebook belong to a young girl named Sedmy."
Ushio: "We can tell that she is a girl since she was being referred to with female pronouns."
Ushio: "The person she refers to as her mother... is most likely the owner of the memories in the black notebook, Kral Lazurit."
Mutsuki: "Can I confirm something?"
*Hanatate raises a hand, to which Mooko nods.*
Mutsuki: "Everything written here resembles a diary, but these aren't their actual diaries, right?"
Ushio: "You can consider them to be memories in diary form, right, Rito-san?"
Rito: "Yes, that is correct."
Mutsuki: "Got it, thanks! Go ahead, Moo-chan."
Ushio: "Next up... What appears to be the aftermath of the fire from 20 years ago is described in the notebooks."
Ushio: "Based on that, there was a concern... that Lazurit might be the one responsible for the fire."
Adelheid: "...Is that really what happened?"
Ushio: "I don't know, which is why I'd like for us to continue with the black notebook."
Mutsuki: "Umm... We left off with her adopting Dite and trying to decide on a name, right?"
Louis: "That's on me, then."
Tsubaki: "It would be safer to leave it to the ones who've used it before in order to reduce the chances of a mistake, no?"
Kasumi: "That's a good point. I'll be in charge of the white notebook then."
Ushio: "If you please."
Louis: "Understood."
*Like last time, Louis picks up the black quill pen and taps it on Rito.*
*He then places a hand over it to infuse it with mana.*
*The pen rises up and begins to write in the black notebook...*
*She's showing interest in the library.*
*She's slowly growing accustomed to life here, and her initial clumsiness is going away.*
"...Can I take a closer look at this?"
"What is this? Can I touch it?"
*She was hesitant at first, but gradually, she started expressing interest in a wide variety of things.*
*I would respond with,*
"Yes, of course,"
*and she would happily read a book or open a jar of jam.*
"Guess who!"
"Kyaa! Oh dear, you scared me."
"Hehehe..."
*She's grown from being a girl who would always second guess whatever she did into one capable of startling me by suddenly hugging me from behind.*
*She then proceeded to laugh innocently.*
*That smile of hers warms my heart.*
*I want to teach her all sorts of things.*
*Thinking that, I brought her to the library, and she was brimming with curiosity.*
*I was overjoyed.*
"I can read everything here?"
"Of course."
"...I can't wait! There are so many... Which one should I start with...?"
*She said she wanted to read a lot of books, so I gave her the room deepest in the library, which I had been using as a study.*
"Starting today, this is your room."
"My room? I can use it?"
"Yes. You can read whichever book you want, whenever you want now. Doesn't that sound great?"
"...Yeah! Thank you!"
*She was genuinely happy about it, and I smiled as she repeatedly open the door of her new room, peeking out into the library before closing it again.*
*There was just one thing I wanted to make sure she was clear about.*
"Listen closely. You mustn't use magic thoughtlessly."
"Thoughtlessly..."
*Was that too difficult of a word for her to understand? She looked confused.*
"In other words, you shouldn't use magic just because you feel like it."
"Umm... I need to think it through before using it?"
"That's right. It's very powerful. You must think about what would happen after you used it, and if it's absolutely necessary to do so."
"Powerful..."
"You have that power, but it's not something that you should use for yourself."
*There have been several Magie who did that, inflating their egos, drowning themselves in their own desires, and bringing about their own destruction.*
*It's terrifying...*
*And I don't want that to happen to her.*
*The library is filled with books about magic, so this was to tell her to be careful.*
"...Okay, I got it! I'll make sure to think about it before using it."
*She nodded meekly.*
Mutsuki: "Things are starting to shape up."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, and there's even speech being written down, even if it's fragmented."
Ushio: "The Mist writes out memories, which would mean that these conversations left enough of an impression on her."
Ushio: "The amount of mana supplied to it only changes how far back in the past it goes, right?"
Rito: "Yes. What's written down is completely unaffected."
Ushio: "Understood. Please continue, Louis-san."
Louis: "I'll go a bit further into the future."
*Recently, she's been finding enjoyment in serving me tea while I'm working.*
"Have some tea."
"Oh, thank you."
*She looked delighted when I thanked her, grinning from ear to ear.*
*It seems that my saying "Thank you" to her brings her more happiness than actually serving me the tea does.*
*She also enjoys telling me about her thoughts on the books that she reads.*
*One day, she showed me a picture book that she really liked.*
"There's a mother in this book. Look, the one wearing an apron here."
"Yes, she looks very kind."
"...She's just like you."
"Huh? Like me?"
"Yeah. She has a kind face, and she pets her daughter on the head and tells her that she's a good girl, just like you."
"Hehe, I'm glad."
"You're happy?"
"Yes, of course."
"...Mother."
"Yes?"
"I love you!"
*She said that while smiling and embracing me.*
*I lovingly hugged her in return and stroked her hair like the mother in the picture book did.*
*She's growing more and more fond of books.*
*She looks happy when I praise her for learning so many things.*
"Amazing, you're learning so much."
"Because when I show you how much I've learned, you look so happy."
*She's not happy because of my praise, but rather because it makes me happy that she's learning.*
*It makes her happy that I'm happy.*
*Making other people happy makes her happy.*
*That's what she said.*
"...That's important, but you know, it's also important to treasure yourself."
"Myself?"
"Yes, that's right. You are my precious, precious daughter. So please cherish yourself, for my sake."
"...Okay, I got it!"
*She nodded with a smile on her face.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Things are still peaceful so far."
Mutsuki: "Sedmy-chan is such a good girl."
Kasumi: "Should we move to the white notebook now? I think it'd be a good idea to sync the two of them up to get both sides of the story."
Adelheid: "Yes, and it would let Louis take breaks in between as well."
Louis: "Ja."
*He's mentioned before that it takes a lot of energy to supply the right amount of mana, but it must be more draining than I thought.*
*On the other hand, Sumi-chan didn't seem exhausted at all. Maybe it's because of the difference in the amount of mana they each have.*
Louis: "Let's alternate from now on. That way, we'll move both of them along at the same pace."
Kasumi: "Okay. I guess it's my turn now then."
*She puts her hand above the white quill pen, and...*
*It's a lot of fun.*
*There are so many fun things here.*
"How big is very big?"
"There are many places much bigger than this school, and also huge mountains and oceans."
*There are places a lot bigger than here.*
"Do you want to visit them?"
"Yeah! ...But not by myself."
"Hehe, because you'd get lonely?"
"It'd be lonely. I want to be with you."
*She's pretty and kind. I love her.*
*I want to be with her forever.*
*I want to visit those big places with her.*
*Because I'm sure it'd be more fun that way. I wouldn't be lonely.*
Adelheid: "...Hmm, it looks like the black notebook is still ahead of this one by a little."
Shizuka: "This one's talking in much simpler sentences."
Ushio: "They're not at the exact same time, but they don't seem to be too far off."
Louis: "I think so too. I'll go next again―"
*She's always enjoyed learning new things, and now she's absorbing new knowledge like a sponge.*
*She's also picked up common knowledge.*
*Figuring that she was now ready to learn with the rest of the students, I put her into a class.*
"How was your first day of classes?"
"...Umm, there were a lot of people who would talk to me, but..."
"You couldn't say anything?"
"...Yeah, but everyone was considerate... and knew that I was nervous."
"That's good then. I'm sure you'll be friends in no time."
*She was nervous and hesitant at first, but she soon hit it off with her classmates.*
"Oh, we all ate lunch together on the rooftop today!"
"My, that sounds fun."
"Yeah! It was lots of fun!"
*She looked happy, having made a bunch of friends she could talk to.*
*I was relieved. It should be smooth sailing from here on.*
*When I told Mother that her going to the "school" by herself makes me lonely, she took me to a classroom.*
*There were a lot of people there.*
*At first, everyone in the classroom looked at me strangely.*
*But when Mother said, "This girl is your classmate and your new friend," everyone quickly came to talk to me.*
"Nice to meet you! What's your name?"
"...Sedmy."
"Huh, that's cute!"
"Sedmy-chan, do you have your textbooks yet?"
"Do you want to borrow mine?"
"What are you doing for lunch? Did you bring one?"
"Let's eat together!"
*Everyone talked to me a lot.*
*They were all good people.*
*They were all kind.*
*School is a fun place, I think.*
Shizuka: "Oh, this one's starting to attend school too."
Kasumi: "They match up now!"
Mutsuki: "It looks like things are going well for them."
*As we're all staring intently at the notebooks, the telephone suddenly rings, giving everyone a start.*
Ushio: "―Hello, you've reached the Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs."
*Mooko answers it, being the first to snap back to the present.*
Shizuka: "Damn, that scared me..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't complain; it could be an urgent request."
Ushio: "...From Germany? Yes, they're here, but..."
*At the mention of their home country, Louis and Heidi turn their attention to Mooko.*
*From what I can tell, Louis looks like he's annoyed.*
*He probably has an idea of who the caller is.*
Ushio: "...Yes, please give me a minute."
Adelheid: "Is someone looking for us?"
Ushio: "Yes, there is someone from Germany who called the school."
Ushio: "The telephone here is for internal use only, so you'll have to make your way to the staff room."
Louis: "...I suppose we have to go."
Adelheid: "I wonder what they need us for."
Louis: "I don't know, but it could be an emergency, so we have no choice."
Mitsuyoshi: (He really doesn't like this...)
Adelheid: "...Yeah."
Louis: "Where is the staff room with the telephone located?"
Tsubaki: "Oh, I can take you there. It'll be hard to explain, like a lot of things about this school."
Louis: "That would be appreciated."
*With that, the three of them step out momentarily, with Tsubaki-chan leading the way.*
Louis: "This might end up taking a while, so please continue without us."
Adelheid: "Yes, we can read it later after all. Please excuse us."
Ushio: "All right, I hope it's nothing serious."
Kasumi: "...So should I keep going?"
Ushio: "Yes, let's take them up on their offer and continue with the white pen."
Kasumi: "Okay, here I go."
*In the classroom, there were people talking about mothers.*
*Not my mother, but their own, as well as their fathers.*
"Yeah, she oversleeps a lot."
"Your mother oversleeps?"
"Yeah, and I've been late so many times because of that."
*Hearing that, they all laughed.*
*I laughed too.*
"Must be hard for her to pack lunch for you then."
"It is! I buy bread when it happens, but when she manages to wake up on time, she always puts fruits like apples or strawberries in it."
"That sounds great!"
"In my family, my papa likes making lunch."
"Papa?"
"My dad's never cooked before."
*Papa... Father.*
*I have a mother, but no father.*
*Wondering why that is, I asked Mother.*
"You're a little different from everyone else."
"Different?"
"You were raised differently from them."
"...I see."
"That being said, I don't want you to feel inferior because of that."
*She then hugged me gently like she always does,*
*and told me:*
"You were born because someone wanted you."
Mutsuki: "Her sentences are starting to sound more natural now."
Ushio: "It's most likely because she's started attending school and is talking to people other than Lazurit."
Kasumi: "Should I continue?"
Ushio: "Yes, please do."
*While I was playing with some friends from class, Mother returned home looking unhappy.*
*I got worried and bade my friends farewell, heading over to where she was.*
"What's wrong, Mother? You said that you were going to meet someone important today... Were you unable to meet them?"
"...No, I did."
"Then why do you look so sad?"
"Sorry for making you worry. I was just a bit disappointed that I couldn't make them happy."
"You couldn't... make them happy?"
"Yes, but it's okay."
*She then embraced me tightly,*
*saying:*
"No matter what, I will always protect you."
*That filled me with joy, but Mother being sad makes me sad as well.*
*Being unable to make someone happy is a very depressing thing.*
*I'm sure I would feel the same way if I couldn't bring Mother happiness.*
*Poor Mother.*
Mutsuki: "It sounds like something happened?"
Shizuka: "Did Lazurit have an argument with the person she went to go see?"
Ushio: "Rito-san, do you have any idea who this important person Lazurit-san went to meet might be?"
Rito: "...I don't know. I'm not well informed on matters that occur outside of the library."
Ushio: "Right... Murakumo-san, can you keep going?"
Kasumi: "Yep, sure thing."
*There was something called a festival today.*
*There were shops set up on the roadside, and they were selling all sorts of food, decorations, and toys.*
*It was a lot of fun.*
*I'm glad she's back in high spirits.*
*We visited a lot of shops together.*
*I ran into a lot of my friends too.*
*They told me, "The crepes over there are super yummy!" and Mother and I had some together.*
"...It's delicious. Mother, this is really good!"
"Hehe, it's very sweet, isn't it?"
"Yeah!"
*It was sweet and soft and tasted like happiness. It was amazing.*
"Mother, what is that?"
"Balloon fishing. Do you want to try?"
"Yeah, I do!"
*We had lots of fun trying to fish the water balloons out of the tub.*
"Look, Mother! I got one!"
"Good job. It's a very cute color."
"Yeah, it's really cute..."
*A balloon with a cute color.*
*I brought it back to my room and hung it up.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...This must be from the water balloon she's talking about."
*I pick up the piece of rubber that the fairy found.*
Mutsuki: "Ah, you're right! It has to be!"
Shizuka: "I was wondering why there was something like that in here... That explains it."
Kasumi: "It must've been something really precious to her, filled with memories."
Mutsuki: "A water balloon, huh...? That takes me back, Moo-chan. Remember when we fished one out together?"
Ushio: "I wasn't very good at it though."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's a standard activity at any festival."
Shizuka: "There was one during our school festival, wasn't there? It's basically a given. Shooting ranges too."
Mutsuki: "Those sorts of games really make a festival feel like a festival, don't you think?"
Kasumi: "Yeah. All right, on to the next part!"
Shizuka: "How are you feeling?"
Kasumi: "Couldn't be better! Now then..."
*No.*
*I don't want that.*
*It's lonely if Mother isn't with me.*
*As I was crying, Mother said that I wouldn't be alone.*
"You won't be alone. You have all those friends you made..."
"It's not that. They're all kind, but I don't want you to go away!"
"Sedmy, don't cry..."
"It makes me feel lonely. I want you here with me...!"
*I don't want her to not be with me.*
*That would make me lonely.*
*My tears didn't stop flowing, and she said:*
"I don't want to be away from you, either,"
*with an even sadder look on her face.*
*I don't want to be away from her.*
*I don't want Mother to leave.*
Ushio: "It seems that something has happened to her mother, Lazurit, at this point."
Mutsuki: "What could it be? Will it say in the next part?"
Kasumi: "Only one way to find out."
*Flames were everywhere.*
*I could hear everyone screaming.*
Ushio: "Wait, this is..."
Kasumi: "Ahhh, this is the same as yesterday's."
Mutsuki: "Oh, you're right. It starts out the same way. Memories from the fire, huh?"
Shizuka: "This is where the fire starts...? So what happened to Lazurit before this is still a mystery."
Ushio: "It seems that Sedmy only knows that something happened, but not the details of it."
Mutsuki: "Ah, welcome back."
*The door opens, then Heidi, Louis, and Tsubaki-chan walk in.*
Tsubaki: "Thanks."
Louis: "...Sorry for taking so long."
*He looks to be in an extremely bad mood.*
*And beside him, Heidi has a worried look on her face...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Right, he did mention that he didn't get along with the rest of the family...)
*That was probably the source of the call.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is everything okay? Was it something urgent?"
Adelheid: "Well... to tell you the truth, our family has told us numerous times already to return for the time being, and that they'd send someone else in our place."
Mitsuyoshi: "Numerous times?"
Ushio: "So what was the phone call about?"
Louis: "The main family has lost their patience. One of the more senior members called us directly. It's nothing."
*His tone of voice tells me that he's quite irritated.*
Shizuka: "That doesn't sound like nothing... Are you sure you don't have to go back?"
Adelheid: "Judging from the situation, if we returned to Germany we probably wouldn't be able to come back to Japan for quite some time."
Adelheid: "Also, we decided that having Louis, being a Magie, at this school is more important."
Louis: "While we don't know the truth yet, considering what happened with the Lazurit Bloodstones, it's likely that Kral Lazurit is with the enemy."
Louis: "Her power to manipulate time is strong, but my power has a far superior range."
Louis: "The other Weinbergers are probably incapable of resisting her, which would reduce our options."
Mitsuyoshi: "But you fainted after using your power last time. Are you sure you'll be okay?"
Adelheid: "That only happened because he was prioritizing speed and didn't say any incantations."
Adelheid: "None of the other heads are able to do something like that anyway. Louis is incredible!"
Louis: "Your argument doesn't make any sense, Frau."
Adelheid: "I'm trying to help you out here!"
Louis: "How is saying that I'm incredible any sort of help? Is this some fight among children? Ah yes, I forgot that your mental age is that of one. My apologies."
Adelheid: "Wh-Wha... Wh-Who are you calling a...!!"
Kasumi: "Now, now, calm down!"
Mutsuki: "Louis-san, you shouldn't take out your anger on Adelheid-san!"
Louis: "Sorry. I'm feeling more cheerful now, so please explain what else you've learned about what happened 20 years ago."
Adelheid: "What do you mean, you're feeling more cheerful!?"
Mutsuki: "Whoa there."
Shizuka: "I'll make tea, so behave yourselves."
Adelheid: "Uuuu..."
Mitsuyoshi: "If you've got anything else to say, just take it out on me instead, you damn sadist."
Louis: "It was merely for the benefit of the person who thinks that calling someone incredible can be used to settle something."
Adelheid: "I didn't mean it like that!"
Louis: "I'm fully aware of your limited vocabulary, so you don't have to force yourself. Your feelings are more than enough."
Adelheid: "I-I did say that he was prioritizing speed, didn't I...?"
Kasumi: "Yes, yes, you did. Heard you loud and clear. It's okay. You're a good girl, Heidi-chan."
Adelheid: "U-Uuu..."
Mutsuki: "Louis-san's just in a bad mood. He doesn't know how to be honest with his feelings. Really, it's no big deal!"
Louis: "...Can you do something about those two?"
Mitsuyoshi: "In a way, they're the strongest possible pair. Give it up."
Tsubaki: "You're at fault too. You shouldn't suddenly vent your anger on others."
Louis: "......"
*It looks like he really was using Heidi as nothing more than an outlet for his stress.*
*What a crooked personality...*
Shizuka: "Here, your tea."
Kasumi: "Shii-chan, couldn't you have said that in a nicer way?"
Shizuka: "If I did, I wouldn't survive in an environment like this!"
Ushio: "...Can we get back to the main topic?"
Louis: "Please do."
*Mooko nods in return and proceeds to talk about our findings.*
Ushio: "We continued with the white notebook and managed to reach up to the part about the fire that we read yesterday."
*Saying that, she shows them the newly written text from earlier while giving a brief summary.*
Ushio: "...And so, we'd like to continue with the black notebook for a bit."
Louis: "Understood."
*He stands up and starts supplying the black quill pen with mana.*
*While passing through the library every day, she started to show interest in Rito.*
"I want to become friends with Rito too."
*Her eyes were filled with excited anticipation, while I was feeling somewhat conflicted.*
"I don't think you'll be able to become friends with Rito like with the other students in your class."
"Why is that?"
"You see, Rito is a homunculus. More precisely, the book that she's carrying is her actual body, and she is more of a subspecies―"
"Homun...culus?"
"Ah, sorry. Rito is a doll that I created. She isn't human."
"She's a doll? Even though she looks like everyone else?"
"Yes, that's right. A homunculus doesn't have a soul. She may walk and talk like everyone else, but..."
"But?"
"A homunculus is meant to be used as a tool by its master, the person who created it. They are very useful when used in that way. Tragedy will befall both the master and the homunculus otherwise."
"...This is complicated."
"Yes, it is. That's why I think that you and Rito won't be able to become normal friends―"
*This conversation seemed to pique her interest in homunculi, and she started researching more about them in the library.*
*I was afraid that she would be hurt, being unable to befriend Rito, but I'm slightly relieved now that that curiosity has shifted.*
Louis: "...Hmm?"
*The black pen returns to the pen holder with a clink.*
Louis: "Ah, we're out of ink."
Shizuka: "Not again..."
Ushio: "We can't do anything about that. More importantly..."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, Rito-san appeared."
Mutsuki: "Come to think of it, since Rito was created by Lazurit-san, she must've been at the library back then, huh?"
Rito: "Yes, I was."
Mitsuyoshi: (Oh yeah, she did mention that she knew who the girl was...)
*Her name popping up didn't elicit any sort of emotional response in her.*
*It reaffirms that she's a homunculus.*
Ushio: "Was Lazurit-san acting strangely around this time?"
Rito: "...Not really. She was normal, I think."
Ushio: "What about this point in time?"
*She flips the page to the part we read yesterday where Lazurit was troubled about something.*
*It said that she made the wrong decision and that it was too late to turn back.*
Rito: "I don't know. I don't recall her saying that she was troubled."
Ushio: "Is that so..."
Mutsuki: "Umm, if Lazurit-san died in the fire, does that mean that you never saw her after that?"
Rito: "Yes, that's correct."
Mutsuki: "...Don't you feel lonely?"
Rito: "?"
*She tilts her head, perplexed by the question.*
Rito: "What does it mean to feel lonely?"
Mutsuki: "Huh? Umm, it's like you feel sad or hurt when you're left alone, I guess?"
Rito: "...I like talking to others, but I don't feel sad when nobody comes."
Rito: "If I had a soul, then perhaps I would."
Mutsuki: "...Probably."
*As expected, Rito doesn't understand the concept.*
*For some reason, that makes the rest of us feel lonely, and we all have melancholic looks on our faces.*
Ushio: "...In any case, we'll have to wait until the ink refills again before we can continue writing more memories."
Adelheid: "Really, what an annoying Mist."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, but there isn't any better one we can use."
*Having done all we can for today, we end our meeting here and get ready to leave.*
Rito: "I'll be leaving now then."
Ushio: "Okay. Thank you very much for your help."
*She heads back to the library.*
Adelheid: "We should go back to our room as well."
Louis: "Ja."
Mutsuki: "Ahh, I'm starving!"
Kasumi: "Same here. Hey, how about we all have dinner together?"
Tsubaki: "Oh, good idea."
Mutsuki: "I'll join!"
Kasumi: "What about you two?"
Louis: "We would love to, but we wanted to discuss the phone call we received earlier."
Adelheid: "...Yes. Sorry, we'll have to pass for today."
Kasumi: "That's too bad."
Adelheid: "If you'll please excuse us."
*The pair leave the office for their own room.*
Kasumi: "Okay, let's all go to my room and..."
Tsubaki: "Hmm?"
*I hear the sound of a key turning a lock, and a door appears out of thin air.*
Michiru: "...Onii-chan?"
*She's already making use of the Key of Janus she got this morning.*
Mutsuki: "Oh, Michiru-chan."
Mitsuyoshi: "What's up?"
Michiru: "I'm hungry."
Mitsuyoshi: "Didn't I tell you to help yourself to whatever's in the fridge?"
Kasumi: "What? That sounds so lonely! Let's all eat together!"
Shizuka: "Hey, you don't actually mean everyone here, do you?"
Kasumi: "I do. Nobody's going to stop us if we throw a party in my room."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, that's true. This kind of thing is good every once in a while."
Mutsuki: "Agreed! Moo-chan, let's go!"
Ushio: "H-Huh? I don't mind, but..."
Mutsuki: "Michiru-chan, you too. Come out from there."
Michiru: "Wahh... Umm, okay."
*She timidly emerges from behind the door.*
Kasumi: "Well then, right this way."
*She takes her own copy of the key out from her pocket, turns it in midair, and opens a door to her own room.*
Shizuka: "What are we even going to eat? Do you have ingredients?"
*Murakumo follows after his sister as he says that.*
*In spite of his complaints, he doesn't object to the idea of eating together. He really is weak when it comes to Sumi-chan.*
*We all make our way through the door into Sumi-chan's room.*
Kasumi: "Good question. How about pizza?"
Shizuka: "How are we going to get that!?"
Mutsuki: "Can we get it delivered here?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It'd be pretty scary if they could make it here."
Kasumi: "They can't come directly here, but we can pick it up from the front gates."
*As she says that, she picks up a colorful flyer from a pizzeria off of a shelf.*
Shizuka: "You've done this before...?"
Kasumi: "I get a craving for it sometimes. It's not like I'm having it every day."
Mutsuki: "I haven't had pizza in so long! Moo-chan, what do you want on it?"
Ushio: "Let's see..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I want habanero sauce on it."
Ushio: "You're eating that by yourself!"
Michiru: "Onii-chan loves spicy food after all..."
Ushio: "This goes far beyond a simple preference for it."
Mutsuki: "What about you, Michiru-chan? Anything you want?"
Michiru: "Huh? I-I... U-Umm, I'm fine with anything..."
Mutsuki: "Feel free to pick something. We'll be ordering a few anyway, given how many people we have."
Kasumi: "Yeah, I'm sure the two guys here can finish anything we don't."
Shizuka: "Don't lump me in with that crude monster over there."
Mitsuyoshi: "Who are you calling a crude monster?"
Ushio: "I won't deny that his palate is crude. Michiru-san, do you... also prefer spicy foods?"
Michiru: "N-Not as much as Onii-chan does... I think."
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't lie. We're not that different. You dump loads of chili powder into your ramen."
Michiru: "I don't pour enough in to create a mountain in my soup like you do! Only enough to hide the noodles!"
Ushio: "...That's more or less the same."
Michiru: "What!?"
Shizuka: "You can't even call that liking spicy food anymore."
Mutsuki: "Are you okay with pizza that has lots of cheese on it?"
Michiru: "I... like that."
Mutsuki: "Let's get this one then. It's got four different kinds of cheese on it."
Michiru: "...That sounds good."
Mutsuki: "We can order one with spicy sauce on it for Micchi and you can eat both."
Michiru: "Okay, thanks..."
Mutsuki: "What about you, Mibu-san?"
Tsubaki: "Cheese sounds good to me too."
Kasumi: "Us girls can have our own cheese party then! And you guys are getting the habanero one, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
Shizuka: "Wait! Don't get me involved in this too, you creep!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "How am I a creep?"
Shizuka: "Spiciness is a form of pain. Only an M-type would like that ridiculous amount of spice..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not an M-type!"
Kasumi: "Huh? You want to make the spicy one an L-size?"
Shizuka: "No!! Let me eat a normal one! My sense of taste is normal!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't make it sound like I'm a freak."
Ushio: "But you are."
Michiru: "...It sounds like we're the odd ones out, Onii-chan..."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's no way to treat us just because we like a bit of spice."
Shizuka: "This is way more than a bit! Kasumi, I'll just have a deluxe."
Kasumi: "Let's get one that's half habanero and half deluxe then. Someone needs to place the order."
Tsubaki: "I'll go. The external line in the staff room, right?"
Kasumi: "Yep. Thanks, Hime-chan."
Tsubaki: "No problem. I'll be right back."
Mutsuki: "Ahahahaha, that was a lot of fuss over just ordering a couple of pizzas."
Ushio: "It was mostly Koga-kun's fault."
Mitsuyoshi: "Murakumo did most of the complaining."
Shizuka: "It was all because of you!!"
*And then―*
Mutsuki: "Let's dig in!"
*Thirty minutes later, the pizza arrives at the gate, and we can finally eat after bringing it back.*
Kasumi: "Ah, this smell! It's been too long~!"
Tsubaki: "Yeah, it really has been ages since I last had pizza."
Mutsuki: "The cheese smells so good!"
*We each take a slice and begin to stuff our faces.*
Shizuka: "You... Y-You're putting all of it on?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Of course. It's sauce that's meant to be put on the pizza. I might as well use it."
*Murakumo looks grossed out as I pour the habanero sauce over the pizza.*
Shizuka: "I'm pretty sure you're supposed to only put on enough to suit your taste..."
Mitsuyoshi: "All of it is perfect then."
Shizuka: "I'm begging you, don't let that leak over to my side! Stay away!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not going anywhere near there! What are you, a little kid!?"
Shizuka: "A kid would be crying by now! What's with the dangerous color of that sauce!?"
Mutsuki: "You two sure get along well."
Ushio: "...Mutsuki, I have some questions to ask you later about your definition of 'getting along well.'"
Kasumi: "Ahaha, those two are always like that."
Shizuka: "Stop it with that disturbing conversation and hand me a slice of yours."
Kasumi: "A large pizza isn't enough for you?"
Shizuka: "Half of it's covered in habanero sauce!"
Kasumi: "Oh, fine. Which one do you want?"
Shizuka: "What do you mean, which? Isn't it all cheese?"
Kasumi: "This one has three different kinds of cheese, this one has mozzarella, and this one has burnt cheese and bacon."
Shizuka: "Bacon then."
Kasumi: "Sure thing."
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru, did you want a slice of this?"
Michiru: "...Habanero, please."
Mitsuyoshi: "Here."
Shizuka: "You're seriously going to eat that...? You two really are siblings..."
*Murakumo―and everyone else, actually―look shocked as they see Michiru munching on the pizza drowning in habanero sauce.*
*So our tastes really are weird, huh...*
Michiru: "...What about you, Onii-chan?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Michiru: "Do you want a cheese slice? We have fries and nuggets too."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I'll have some nuggets then."
Michiru: "Here. And some napkins. Let me know if you need more."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks."
Mutsuki: "Mm... The three cheese one is so delicious!"
Tsubaki: "The mozzarella's good too. I could get addicted to this."
Ushio: "We have tiramisu for dessert as well."
Mutsuki: "You're looking forward to that, aren't you?"
Kasumi: "Shishigatani-san's got a huge sweet tooth after all."
Ushio: "Y-Yes, sugar is good for the brain..."
Mutsuki: "She just loves desserts! Enough to have one of every kind of cake at a cake buffet."
Ushio: "Mutsuki!?"
Tsubaki: "One of every kind... I didn't expect you to eat so much, Shishigatani-san."
Kasumi: "You're asking about the quantity and not how she doesn't get heartburn, Hime-chan?"
Mutsuki: "She's totally fine."
Kasumi: "I'm amazed you don't get fat."
Michiru: "...Onii-chan! The habanero's dripping off!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Michiru: "Look, you got your pants dirty! We have plates, don't we? Here. It's all over your hands too. Wipe it off."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh, okay."
Michiru: "And there's sauce all around your mouth! Geez!"
*As she says that, she wipes my mouth with a napkin.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's okay, I can do that myse..."
Michiru: "It's fine. Just stay still!"
*She pulls my arm towards her with one hand when I try to escape, then continues to diligently wipe my face with a napkin held in the other.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't get so close like that. It's embarrassing."
Michiru: "How so? It's because you're such a messy eater. Did you wipe your hands yet?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I couldn't since you were grabbing my arm."
Michiru: "I'll clean them for you then. Hold out your hands."
Mitsuyoshi: "Fine, fine."
Michiru: "Geez, you're like a huge kid."
Shizuka: "She's going all out, isn't she?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Shut it!!"
Michiru: "...Ah!"
*She probably remembered that we weren't alone once Murakumo spoke up.*
*Her former vigor suddenly disappears, and she goes quiet out of embarrassment.*
Ushio: "......"
Mutsuki: "Hmm? What's wrong, Moo-chan?"
Ushio: "Oh, nothing... I was just thinking that they get along surprisingly well, or rather that siblings of their ages would be more distant with each other..."
Ushio: "...Or could it be that my eyes are losing their ability to discern the truth...?"
Mutsuki: "I've got it! You're jealous, Moo-chan!"
Ushio: "I am not!!"
Mutsuki: "What else could it be?"
Ushio: "What... Like I said, is it normal for siblings to act that way...?"
Mutsuki: "Umm, they do get along really well."
Ushio: "Right? More than is normal..."
Mutsuki: "Yeah, which would explain why you're so hung up on them."
Ushio: "I wouldn't go so far as to say that, but... I'm curious. It feels strange to me, so..."
Mutsuki: "That's called jealousy, Moo-chan."
Ushio: "Like I said, I am not jealous!!"
*What are those two talking about over there...?*
*...It's quiet.*
*In the middle of this vast, silent library, I look up at a bookshelf.*
Rito: "......"
*Silence.*
*That's what fills this place most of the time.*
*The only time the silence is broken is when members of the Bureau come.*
*When that happens, the difference in noise is like day and night.*
Rito: "Loneliness..."
*Is it similar to that difference?*
*When they're here, a cornucopia of sounds dance in the air.*
*When they leave, the library is still, like it is now.*
*Is it like this empty silence?*
*...However, it has never brought me sadness or pain.*
*To be honest, I don't quite understand what it means to be sad or hurt.*
*I understand those concepts about as much as I understand loneliness.*
*Which is why... comparing loneliness to silence isn't going to get me anywhere.*
*―...Don't you feel lonely?*
*I recall what Hanatate Mutsuki asked me.*
Rito: "...Mother."
*Kral Lazurit.*
*The person who created me.*
*She died in the fire, or so others have told me.*
*Which is why I'll never be able to see her again.*
*She talked to me.*
Rito: "...It was fun."
*Yes, it was fun.*
*Talking to others is fun.*
*But Mother is no longer here, so I can't talk to her anymore.*
*...I have never thought of that as lonely.*
*Because I don't understand loneliness.*
*It's not an emotion I am capable of feeling.*
*Would I feel lonely if I had a soul?*
*But I feel like that would be inconvenient in its own way.*
*I would feel lonely that Mother is no longer here.*
*Apparently, it would make me feel sad and hurt.*
*So it might be better for me as it is now...*
*―...Don't you feel lonely?*
*There it is again.*
*But that wasn't from Hanatate Mutsuki.*
*It was someone else...*
*―Hey, don't you feel lonely?*
*―I feel lonely when I'm left by myself.*
*That's right.*
*I was asked the same thing before.*
*At the time, I'm sure that I responded with, "I don't know."*
*I wonder how she's doing now.*
*Something disturbs the silence.*
*I can hear small footsteps.*
*They're approaching me.*
*I casually look towards them.*
Rito: "...My."
Rito: "Hello there. I was just thinking about you."
*Perhaps because of the lively pizza party last night, Michiru slept soundly, and today is comparatively a much calmer day.*
*―And then, after school.*
Mitsuyoshi: "The infirmary? Did something actually happen?"
*While heading to the Bureau office, I run into Mooko and Hanatate, who tell me that they're in the middle of an investigation.*
Ushio: "Yes, I received a call from the Disciplinary Committee."
Mutsuki: "They said that a student who was sleeping there was acting strangely."
*Murakumo is holding down the fort in the Bureau office, so the three of us quickly make our way over to the scene.*
Mutsuki: "What!?"
Ushio: "What's wrong?"
Mutsuki: "Isn't that Rito?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!?"
*Looking at where Hanatate is pointing, I certainly do see Rito standing there.*
Mitsuyoshi: "That's odd. I don't think I've ever seen her leave the library of her own accord."
Ushio: "Let's go ask her what's going on. Rito-san?"
Rito: "...Hello, Shishigatani Ushio."
Ushio: "What are you doing here? It's rare for you to leave the basement."
Rito: "Yes, it has been a while."
Ushio: "Did something happen?"
Rito: "In the basement? No."
Ushio: "Then do you have some business up here?"
Rito: "...No."
Ushio: "So you came here not for any reason in particular, but only because you felt like it?"
Rito: "Yes."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, stranger things have happened before, I suppose."
Rito: "...Indeed."
Mutsuki: "Hmm, so there are times when you feel like going on a stroll, Rito?"
Rito: "Can this be called a stroll? I'm not really sure."
Mitsuyoshi: (What's going on? Is this because of what we talked about yesterday?)
*She wasn't acting any differently when her name appeared in the notebook.*
Mutsuki: "...Don't you feel lonely?"
Rito: "What does it mean to feel lonely?"
*Was it bothering her after all?*
Ushio: "I see. But this is good timing. Could you come with us for a bit?"
Rito: "Sure. Where to?"
Ushio: "The infirmary. A Mist might be involved."
Rito: "All right."
*If it's a Mist, Rito would be able to tell us all about it.*
*It'd be a great help to have her with us.*
*Having invited her along, we arrive at the infirmary.*
*Because of the incident earlier, the infirmary is once again empty.*
Ushio: "...Rito-san, do you notice anything resembling a Mist?"
Rito: "......"
*She surveys the room briefly.*
Rito: "No, I don't."
Ushio: "I see. When we checked it out yesterday, we didn't find anything either..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Nothing looked out of place at the time."
Mutsuki: "Yeah. Hmm, what could've caused that student to act strangely then?"
Ushio: "It might be that the Mist is located elsewhere and is set up to affect this bed... or something like that."
Mitsuyoshi: "Like it was told to grant the dreams of the one who sleeps in it?"
Ushio: "It's a likely possibility if it is indeed the work of a Mist, given that there is nothing here."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... Hmm? What's that smell?"
Ushio: "Huh..."
Mutsuki: "Huh? There's smoke..."
*Before we noticed it, a sweet-smelling smoke had filled the infirmary.*
Ushio: "Wha... Th-This is..."
Mutsuki: "Mmm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko! Hana...ta..."
*I feel dizzy.*
*When I try to reach out to the two unconscious girls, I also...*
*.........*
*......*
*...*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Mm. Huh...)
*I slowly start to wake up from my half-conscious state.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!?"
*Noticing that I'm lying collapsed on the floor, I rush to get up.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko!?"
*I see that she's fainted near me and run over to her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Mooko! Wake up!"
Ushio: "Mm... K-Koga-kun...?"
*Thank goodness. She was just unconscious.*
*She begins to stir and soon opens her eyes and sits up.*
Ushio: "...Ah! Where's Mutsuki?"
*Saying that, she looks around the room, and we see someone getting up from the floor near the bed.*
Ushio: "Mutsuki? You're all..."
*Mooko freezes up mid-sentence.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's the matter? Seems like Hanatate's fine too."
Ushio: "...No, look again."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? What do you..."
*―No.*
*The one who stood up and turned to look at us isn't Hanatate.*
Kotaro: "Wah, that took me by surprise."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Omaru!?"
Ushio: "No way...!!"
*That's impossible...*
*But no matter how I look at him, it's Omaru.*
Kotaro: "Huh... Oh, Micchi..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Omaru..."
Ushio: "K-Karasuma...-kun..."
Kotaro: "Oh, and Ushio-san... Huh? Wait, where am I?"
Mitsuyoshi: "The infirmary... But, umm... you're Omaru, right?"
Kotaro: "Huh? What are you saying?"
*He tilts his head, confused.*
*His gestures, his voice... They all point to him being Omaru.*
Kotaro: "What's wrong, Micchi?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh... Nothing..."
*Unable to accept the truth laid before my eyes, I can't even give a proper response.*
*Omaru should've disappeared.*
*He shouldn't be here.*
*If he's here, then that means―*
Ushio: "Umm, where's... Mutsuki then..."
Kotaro: "...Huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: (Yeah, Hanatate is...)
*I take a quick look around the room, but I don't see her anywhere.*
*Which means that... Omaru has taken over her body again...*
Ushio: "You're not Mutsuki, are you?"
Kotaro: "U-Umm... I don't think so. Yeah, I'm... Karasuma Kotaro, I think..."
Ushio: "...I see."
Kotaro: "Umm, what's the matter...? You two seem like..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Well, umm... Omaru, do you know why you're here?"
Kotaro: "Hmm... I'm not sure. My mind is all fuzzy..."
Ushio: "...His memories are confused."
Mitsuyoshi: "Looks like it."
*From the way things are going, he probably doesn't even remember the night that he disappeared.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Should I bring up what happened then...?)
*I don't even know how I'd explain it to someone who shouldn't even exist right now...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Back then, he just happened to have his hypnosis broken and remembered everything on his own...)
Ushio: "......"
*Glancing over at Mooko, it seems that she also thinks that now is not the best time to talk about it... She nods to me as if to indicate that.*
Ushio: "We can leave the details for later, since your memories are all jumbled. Right now..."
*I'm sure she's quite shaken up, but she's doing her best to not let it show.*
Kotaro: "Okay, but... umm, what were we doing here?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, investigating a Mist."
Ushio: "Yes... Ah, where did Rito-san go?"
Kotaro: "Rito-san? Is she the one who's collapsed over there?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you're right."
*She's on the floor not too far from us.*
Kotaro: "Why is she in a place like this?"
Ushio: "Surprisingly, we happened to see her outside of the library, so we had her join us."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Rito. You okay?"
Rito: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito?"
Rito: "Mm... Oh?"
*She wakes up soon after I shake her body.*
*After sitting up, she looks around restlessly.*
Rito: "Where am I? Oh, this is the infirmary!"
Ushio: "...Rito-san?"
Rito: "Huh!?"
Kotaro: "Is it just me... or does your personality seem different?"
Rito: "Personality? Mine?"
Kotaro: "Yeah... Is it because my memories are messed up?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, this feels off for me too."
Rito: "Hehe, you're all being weird. Am I acting that much differently than usual?"
Ushio: "Rito-san!?"
Rito: "Oh no, my skirt is going to get wrinkled. Shishigatani-san, you should hurry and stand up too."
Mitsuyoshi: "Who are you?"
Rito: "Who am I...? What are you talking about, Koga-kun? We see each other almost every day."
Kotaro: "Th-This isn't the Rito-san I know..."
Rito: "......"
Kotaro: "......"
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Rito: "U-Umm..."
*Seeing the confused looks on our faces, she starts fidgeting (I've never seen her do that before) and looks at us with puppy eyes.*
Rito: "Am I... really acting that differently?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's like you did a complete 180."
Kotaro: "Umm, you look the same on the outside, but you seem like a regular girl now..."
Ushio: "...Ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What is it?"
Ushio: "Is this what they meant by your personality changing after sleeping in the infirmary...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What!? Oh, the effect of the Mist... or rather, possible Mist?"
Kotaro: "It's a Mist? One that changes people's personalities?"
Ushio: "Rito-san, is this because of a Mist? Does it ring any bells?"
Rito: "Umm... Ah, yes, I might have an idea. There was that smoke from earlier too..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, yeah. There was a sweet-smelling smoke that filled the room right before we all fainted."
Kotaro: "Was there? Ah, now that you mention it, I do remember smelling something sweet."
Ushio: "...You remember smelling something?"
Kotaro: "Hmm? Yeah, for some reason."
Ushio: "Is that so..."
Mitsuyoshi: (Huh? But he was still Hanatate when that happened... Her memories carried over? But why?)
*It strikes me as odd, but Mooko doesn't pursue that topic and turns to question Rito again.*
Ushio: "Was that smoke produced by a Mist?"
Rito: "It was most likely from Pandora, a Mist in the form of an incense burner. When you inhale the smoke, you will be under the effects of a strong hypnosis, but it goes away after about an hour."
Ushio: "So to confirm, it's a Mist that hypnotizes anyone who inhales its smoke?"
Rito: "Yes, that's correct."
Ushio: "It matches the rumor. You turn into your ideal self for a short period of time."
Rito: "That would probably be because the one who activated it wished for that, and its effect remained."
Rito: "The Mist will be triggered when someone whose wavelength matches it appears."
Ushio: "Does the hypnosis only affect people who are on that same wavelength?"
Rito: "No, anyone who inhales the smoke will be hypnotized. They will all fall under the same hypnosis as the targeted person on the Mist's wavelength."
Ushio: "Which means that your wavelength matched..."
Rito: "Ehe, looks like it."
*She bashfully shrugs her shoulders and smiles.*
*Damn, that totally throws me off...*
Rito: "Oh, and also, the Mist's effect only works once per person."
Ushio: "...I understand."
*After hearing Rito's explanation and shaking off the confusion, Mooko returns to her usual dignified expression.*
Ushio: "If this Mist's effect is hypnosis... then there is only one conclusion to draw from it."
Rito: "What do you mean?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Basically..."
*This Kotaro is real*
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, this Omaru is the real one then?"
Kotaro: "Real one?"
Ushio: "How did you come to that conclusion...? The Mist's effect is hypnosis."
Ushio: "It changes people. You'll see things that aren't actually there... That's the kind of effect it is."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah... So the opposite then..."
Kotaro: "What!? Opposite? Huh?"
Ushio: "Mutsuki hasn't disappeared. That's what I believe."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
Rito: "Hmm, so he's not actually Karasuma-kun? That's Hanatate-san?"
Ushio: "Most likely."
Kotaro: "Huh... I-I'm H-Hanatate-san? Me?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, that's who you originally were anyway..."
Kotaro: "Originally? Really...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yes. I don't want to get into the details now, but you're possessing Hanatate's body."
Kotaro: "Possessing? U-Umm, so I'm not actually Karasuma Kotaro?"
Ushio: "...Correct. If you were Karasuma-kun, summoning his soul and possessing Hanatate's body would have to be done using the spell from the magic circle that we destroyed."
Ushio: "However, this is just smoke from a Mist. That shouldn't be able to bring him to this time period."
Kotaro: "...I see."
*Hearing Mooko's explanation, he doesn't seem particularly shocked and simply nods with his arms folded.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-You're just going to accept that?"
Kotaro: "Hmm, it's probably because Ushio-san's deductions have never been wrong before."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*It feels like something Omaru would say, but this blind trust is reminiscent of Hanatate.*
*And if this is nothing more than the effect of the Mist, then Mooko is probably correct when she says that it's not the real Omaru possessing her...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hanatate hasn't disappeared, right?"
Ushio: "That is most likely the case."
Ushio: "If the Mist isn't capable of summoning Karasuma-kun's soul and having it possess someone―"
Ushio: "Then you must be Mutsuki."
Kotaro: "M-Me? Huh, really...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Rito: "He looks like Karasuma-kun... Ah, I see! I'm only seeing that because of the Mist, right?"
Ushio: "Correct."
Kotaro: "I'm... Hanatate-san? Hmm, even if you say that, it doesn't really feel that way..."
Kotaro: "...But if you say so, Ushio-san, it's probably true."
Rito: "You're accepting it?"
Kotaro: "Yeah. Ushio-san's never been wrong before, and that's what Micchi thinks too."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I wonder why.*
*Him so readily accepting that he's not the real Karasuma Kotaro―*
Mitsuyoshi: (It feels... a bit lonely...)
Kotaro: "Oh, I'm sorry though! Apparently I'm Hanatate-san, but I didn't know, so..."
Ushio: "There's nothing you can do about that. It's because of the Mist, so don't worry about it."
Kotaro: "Yeah, but I still feel sorry about it, and I confused Micchi too."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's okay..."
Mitsuyoshi: (But...)
*This means that someone here subconsciously wishes that Omaru were still around.*
*Otherwise, this would never have happened.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I can't see that person being anyone but me...)
*To me, the ideal situation―*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Is this...?)
*It's not like I don't want him to come back.*
*Even though my mind understands that he's not from this time period, it looks like I haven't fully accepted it yet.*
*But I definitely don't wish for him to be back at the cost of losing Hanatate...*
Ushio: "...When Mists are given a vague request, they'll grant them in a vague manner, like what happened with Hyter Sprite."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Ushio: "The reason why the desire to see Karasuma-kun again is manifesting as Mutsuki appearing as him is most likely because of that."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh... I see."
Rito: "Yes, that's a common occurrence when a Mist is accidentally activated, without attention to detail."
Ushio: "It's happened several times already."
Mitsuyoshi: (...Is my face betraying my true feelings?)
*Mooko must've noticed how I was feeling and is trying to make me feel better.*
Kotaro: "Umm... In that case, what should I do...?"
Ushio: "Since this was caused by the Mist, he should return to normal in about an hour, right?"
Rito: "Yes, he should."
Ushio: "There's no need for concern then. You can just stay as you are."
Kotaro: "Really? Okay, I'll do that then..."
*Omaru―or Hanatate, I suppose―accepts it but looks downcast, unable to hide his bewilderment.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Well, just act normal, okay?"
Kotaro: "Y-Yeah, I will. Thanks, Micchi."
*...I can't see him as anyone other than Omaru.*
*I have no idea what look I have on my face right now, and I'm not confident that I can hide my unease, so I can't help but look away.*
Ushio: "By the way, Rito-san, do you see that Mist anywhere in this room?"
Rito: "No. You don't see an incense burner either, do you?"
Ushio: "At first glance, no... Let's try and look for it. There's no doubt that there was smoke here and that the Mist activated."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
Kotaro: "Oh, I'll help too!"
Ushio: "...All of us then."
*Mooko says that after glancing at Omaru―or well, Hanatate―and deciding that it was okay for him to help out.*
*Including Rito, the four of us start searching the infirmary.*
Rito: "Everything on this shelf is nothing but medicine."
Kotaro: "Over here is just books... Hmm, I don't see it."
Ushio: "It's not in the drawers here either."
Mitsuyoshi: "Nothing under the bed or the desk."
Rito: "Perhaps it was attracted to someone else and flew away already."
Ushio: "Maybe... We should consider it as not being here anymore then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Should we head back to the Bureau office for now?"
Ushio: "Yes, let's do that. If the Mist's effect only ever works once, we should wait for the hypnosis to wear off before trying to retrieve it."
*Having decided on that, we leave the infirmary.*
Rito: "Hey, what's popular at the cafeteria nowadays?"
Kotaro: "Umm, when the meal of the day is ginger grilled pork, the place turns into a battlefield..."
Rito: "A battlefield!? That sounds like fun!"
Kotaro: "No, it's a lot scarier than you think it is. Right, Micchi?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well... the only girls that would stand a chance are the seniors in sports clubs, I guess."
*I'm startled when Omaru starts talking to me.*
*I know that he's actually Hanatate, but he's Omaru on the outside...*
Mitsuyoshi: (I have to stop showing these mixed feelings of mine on my face...)
*Whether he's Omaru or Hanatate, they'd both be able to see that I'm conflicted.*
*As much as I want to chat normally...*
Rito: "I've never done that kind of thing before."
Rito: "Oh yeah, is yakisoba bread any good?"
Kotaro: "I like it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Could definitely use more red ginger on there."
Kotaro: "You like spicy foods too much, Micchi!"
Rito: "Hehe, I never knew he had such tastes."
Mitsuyoshi: "They're delicious. Hot dogs should have more mustard on them too."
Rito: "Hot dogs? Oh, I've read about them in books before! They look good too."
Kotaro: "You've never had one before?"
Rito: "No, I haven't. Do they sell them in the cafeteria?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Nope."
Rito: "That's too bad then."
*If this was her idea of her ideal self...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Does this mean the fact that she's a homunculus has been weighing on her mind...?)
Ushio: "......"
*Mooko seems deep in thought about something as she steals glances at Rito.*
Rito: "Do you eat during class while hiding it behind a textbook?"
Kotaro: "Some people do that occasionally, but they usually get caught."
Mitsuyoshi: "Nobody's ever caught me."
Kotaro: "You've done it before!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "A few times."
Rito: "Hehehe, I thought that you'd be good at that, Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, there's a trick to it."
Kotaro: "Don't brag about it! And Rito-san, you shouldn't learn from him. You'll get scolded if a teacher finds out."
Rito: "Do they make you stand in the hallway as punishment? While holding buckets of water?"
Kotaro: "I'm not sure... I've never been in that position so I wouldn't know."
Mitsuyoshi: "I don't think there are any teachers who would do something straight out of an '80s manga like that."
Rito: "What!? There aren't...?"
*She's disappointed for some reason.*
*I'm sure that the majority of her knowledge comes from reading books, but did our library have books that talk about that...?*
Rito: "Oh, umm... What about those then?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What do you mean?"
Rito: "You know... The things you put in people's shoe lockers. The letters?"
Kotaro: "You mean love letters?"
Rito: "...Y-Yes, those..."
*Her cheeks are tinged with red. Is she getting embarrassed?*
*It's like she's a completely normal girl, and a shy one at that...*
Mitsuyoshi: "We don't have shoe lockers at this school."
Rito: "...Ahhh! I forgot!!"
*She's even more shocked than before.*
*She must've really admired love letters...*
Kotaro: "Oh, but instead of putting them in people's shoe lockers, I've heard that we put them in people's desks instead!"
*Nice damage control there, Omaru.*
*...His thoughtfulness really does resemble the real Omaru's.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Argh, but I can see Hanatate doing something similar...)
Rito: "In their desks?"
Kotaro: "Girls will come in early in the morning and put them there. Stuff like chocolates too."
Rito: "Oh, I know about that! It's called Valentine's Day, right? And the boys have to return it threefold."
Kotaro: "Y-Yes, there are some who think that way..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Totally unfair."
Rito: "...But tripling the weight of some chocolates isn't that much, is it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, we're not talking about weight here."
Kotaro: "It's value! The cost of it!"
Rito: "What!? C-Cost? Oh, so that's what it meant, ahahaha..."
*She blushes out of embarrassment from her misunderstanding and forces a laugh.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Seriously, who is she...?)
*I'm honestly wondering if she isn't just someone who happens to look exactly like Rito.*
Rito: "Umm... Oh, it must be hard being part of the Bureau!"
*And now she suddenly changes the topic.*
*It was that embarrassing for her, huh?*
Rito: "The barrier won't be fixed anytime soon, so you always have to chase down Mists."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, but I've been doing this since I first got here, so I don't find it to be a huge deal."
Kotaro: "Yeah, me too. Ushio-san is the only one who it's gotten worse for."
Ushio: "...Because a certain someone broke the bronze statue."
Mitsuyoshi: "How many times do I have to say that it was an accident!? Back me up here, Omaru."
Kotaro: "Yeah, yeah, an accident!"
Mitsuyoshi: (Ah...)
*I only remember after I spoke that he's actually Hanatate, but he responds like always.*
Kotaro: "It was an accident, Ushio-san! An accident!"
Ushio: "...Indeed."
*Her expression clouded for a moment, but she responds calmly soon enough.*
Rito: "Hehehe...!"
Mitsuyoshi: (Did she admire being in this sort of position...?)
*Being a normal girl, chatting about random things, laughing and playing around...*
*If she did, then maybe she was capable of feeling loneliness after all. She just didn't realize it.*
*She was the odd one out.*
*She could neither laugh nor have fun with us.*
*She just didn't know that that was "loneliness"...*
*We soon arrive in the basement.*
Rito: "...Umm, can I come with you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? You mean to the Bureau office?"
Rito: "Yeah. I want to talk to you for a little longer."
Mitsuyoshi: "...I don't mind."
Ushio: "Yes, me neither."
Rito: "Thank you!"
*She follows after us with a smile on her face.*
*...The effect will wear off after an hour.*
*This experience won't last very long for her.*
*Being an index, she should know that better than anyone else.*
*Which is probably why she doesn't want to be alone right now.*
Shizuka: "Hey, how'd it go?"
Rito: "Ah, hello, Murakumo-kun. I'm dropping by for a bit."
Shizuka: "Huh...?"
Kotaro: "Wah, long time no see, Murakumo-senpai!"
Shizuka: "What!? Why are you treating me like your senior? We're in the same grade."
Ushio: "Murakumo-kun, does that person look like Mutsuki to you?"
Shizuka: "Huh? Of course she does. Who else could it be?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, right. He wasn't hypnotized so he can't see Omaru."
Kotaro: "Ah... I see! I'm not Karasuma Kotaro!"
Shizuka: "...Wh-What are you talking about? Hey, Koga, what happened?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's exactly what you see right now."
Shizuka: "That doesn't tell me anything!"
Ushio: "It seems to be a Mist that casts a strong hypnosis on people, making them believe that they are in their ideal world."
Shizuka: "I-Ideal... world?"
Kotaro: "Yeah, which is why I'm apparently not Karasuma Kotaro."
Shizuka: "...What is this girl saying?"
Mitsuyoshi: "We're hypnotized. That person's not actually Omaru. Get it now?"
Shizuka: "Hypnosis..."
Rito: "It's the same for me. I don't think I'm acting any differently than usual, but everyone tells me that I am."
Shizuka: "This is more than just different..."
Ushio: "However, luckily for us, the hypnosis wears off after about an hour, so we decided that the best course of action would be to wait it out."
Shizuka: "...Yeah, if you walked around the school like that, you'd be causing all sorts of trouble."
Kotaro: "A-Ahaha... I figured."
Rito: "It's too bad. But I'm happy just being able to talk to you all here."
Kotaro: "That's great, Rito-san."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*An hour, huh...?*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm going out to the library for a bit."
Kotaro: "Huh? Why?"
Mitsuyoshi: "There's something I want to look up. It'll only take a minute."
*I get up from my seat and leave the Bureau office by myself.*
*I aimlessly walk into the forest of bookshelves.*
*There wasn't actually anything I wanted to look up.*
*I just grew a bit weary of talking there.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...It's all because of me...)
*That Hanatate looks like Omaru.*
*And the hypnosis even made her think that she's Omaru.*
*There's no way she'd wish for something like that.*
*I was the one on the same wavelength as the Mist, and everyone else got caught up in it.*
Ushio: "―Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
*Unexpectedly hearing someone call my name, I turn to see Mooko standing there.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's the matter?"
Ushio: "That's what I want to ask you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Oh, you mean what I wanted to look into?"
Ushio: "That's just an excuse, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "You believe that you're the one who wished for Karasuma-kun to appear and are now wallowing in your own self-hatred, no?"
*I knew she'd figure it out.*
*I got the feeling that she was trying to be considerate of me. I can never outsmart her.*
Ushio: "That's obvious. You were close friends with Karasuma-kun, so the Mist reacted to your feelings..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...It's not so much self-hatred."
Mitsuyoshi: "I feel bad that you and Hanatate are forced to go through this too..."
Ushio: "That's the Mist's fault, not yours. Didn't I mention earlier that it was granting wishes in a distorted manner?"
Ushio: "Please don't take me for an idiot. Wanting Karasuma-kun to come back in place of Mutsuki..."
Ushio: "I'm not dumb enough to think that you would truly wish for that."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Thanks."
*My mouth forms a wry smile.*
*She said it like she was trying to pick a fight with me, but I can tell that it was her way of trying to make me feel better.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry for making you worry."
Ushio: "Worry about what? I was only trying to correct your misjudgement."
Mitsuyoshi: "Stop lying."
Ushio: "Wha...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure make it hard for people to tell that you're being soft. That probably wouldn't have worked on anyone other than me."
Ushio: "I'm not being soft!! That's another gigantic misjudgement on your part!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure, sure."
Ushio: "Koga-kun!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, it'll go away in an hour anyway... Oh, hold on. Do we even need to wait that long?"
Ushio: "Huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "There was that magic circle we used last time to dispel hypnosis. Couldn't we use it again?"
Ushio: "Ah...!"
*Her eyes widen, and then she bites her lip in vexation.*
Ushio: "How could I have... It completely slipped my mind. You're right that we could probably use it to clear the hypnosis on us."
Mitsuyoshi: "Do you still have it? You drew it on Sumi-chan's bedsheet, didn't you?"
Ushio: "Adelheid-san and Louis-san are holding onto it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Those two, huh? Let's look for them. I get the feeling they're in the library anyway."
Ushio: "...Yes, but this place is huge."
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's start looking."
*The two of us weave between the bookshelves, searching for Heidi and Louis, but they're nowhere to be found.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...I don't see them."
Ushio: "If they're not here in the library, perhaps they're in their room?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm, it would make our lives so much easier if we had the Key of Janus."
Ushio: "Yes. Don't Murakumo-san and your sister have them?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, they do..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Do you think they'd show up if we prayed hard for them to, seeing as how they're Magie?"
Ushio: "That sounds a little too convenient to be true."
Mitsuyoshi: "Anything's worth a shot."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sumi-chan! Or Michiru! Can you hear me!?"
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "...They're not coming."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thought so."
Ushio: "If you knew, then why did you even bother?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I just said it was worth a shot. There's no way they'd notice from..."
Michiru: "Onii-chan?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...You noticed!?"
*A door opens in midair behind us, and Michiru pokes her head through it.*
Ushio: "......"
*Mooko stares at her in disbelief.*
*I'm in the same boat as she is. I never would've expected Michiru to actually appear.*
Michiru: "Did you call for me?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I did."
Michiru: "I knew it. It felt like you did."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, umm, good job."
Ushio: "D-Don't you think this is strange?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? How so?"
Ushio: "Would this happen usually? I mean, do siblings normally have this sort of telepathy?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Isn't it just because Michiru's a Magie?"
*I bet she's thinking that I get along too well with my sister again.*
Michiru: "......?"
*I sort of feel like teasing her, but I don't want to scare Michiru if we get into an argument, so I refrain.*
Ushio: "...So this is the power of siblings."
*She says that with mixed feelings.*
*I think she's glaring at me out of the corner of her eye, but I pretend not to notice.*
Michiru: "So? What did you need me for?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, could you use the Key of Janus for us?"
Michiru: "Where to?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Heidi and Louis. They're probably together, so either one of them is fine."
Michiru: "Okay."
Mitsuyoshi: "Pardon us."
Adelheid: "Hyaa! D-Don't scare me like that! Why are you..."
Michiru: "Ah... S-Sorry."
Louis: "You should've been able to tell after hearing the sound of a lock coming from nowhere... if I may say so myself."
Adelheid: "It startled me because it came from behind!"
*On the other side of the door is Heidi and Louis's room.*
*Turns out they were there after all.*
Ushio: "Do you mind if we come in for a few minutes?"
Louis: "Sure, by all means."
Adelheid: "What do you need us for?"
Ushio: "It appears that we're under some strange hypnosis due to a Mist."
Ushio: "We were wondering if we could borrow the magic circle we used before to dispel it."
Adelheid: "That's no problem at all, but what is this hypnosis exactly?"
Louis: "Is it the cause of the rumor that's spreading throughout the school about being able to turn into one's ideal self?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
Michiru: "Huh? You don't seem any different though, Onii-chan."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's just me. Rito's turned into a completely different person."
Adelheid: "......"
*She looks like she really wants to see it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "And we're seeing Hanatate as Omaru again."
Louis: "...What a pain."
Adelheid: "Anyway, the magic circle, right? Let me go get it."
*She opens the closet in the room and takes out the bedsheet with the circle drawn on it.*
Adelheid: "Here you go. If you're currently affected by that hypnosis, would you like to step inside it now?"
Ushio: "That would be great."
*Heidi and Mooko each grab an end of the bedsheet and lay it flat on the floor.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All we have to do is step inside?"
Adelheid: "Yes, that's it."
*Mooko and I both walk into it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Did it work?"
Ushio: "I didn't feel anything..."
Adelheid: "Huh? Are you two sure that you've been hypnotized?"
Michiru: "I didn't feel any mana."
Louis: "It's clear that the magic circle didn't respond."
Ushio: "It didn't respond? Does this mean that this hypnosis can't be removed?"
Adelheid: "If it's a hypnosis spell, the magic circle should've reacted instantly. Louis, could you take a look?"
Louis: "Ja."
*He takes a small bottle from the top of the desk and, without hesitating, splashes its contents onto me and Mooko.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey! At least tell us what you're going to do beforehand."
Louis: "It's a compound that reveals traces of magic."
Mitsuyoshi: "Say that earlier."
*Maintaining his composure, he blows into the vessel in his hand.*
*It seems like there was a powder inside, and it soon scatters throughout the entire room.*
*A colored line appears on the floor, tracing the path that Heidi walked earlier.*
*And―*
Michiru: "Oh, something's glowing."
Mitsuyoshi: "These are the traces?"
*Mooko and I are enveloped in a strangely colored light.*
Ushio: "It shows that we're under some sort of spell."
Adelheid: "This color is...!"
Louis: "...This is... another troublesome one..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? What do you mean?"
*Heidi and Louis look quite shocked by the light's color.*
Ushio: "What kind of spell is this?"
Louis: "I'll get straight to the point. That magic circle won't be able to dispel this."
Mitsuyoshi: "What!?"
Ushio: "It can't be dispelled...?"
Adelheid: "But it won't last for much longer. We can keep an eye on it for a while and..."
Ushio: "Could you explain what's going on?"
Louis: "This is not a hypnosis spell. It's rewriting your souls."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rewriting our souls...?"
Louis: "It was probably mistaken for hypnosis since that Mist's sole specialization is to change someone's consciousness."
Ushio: "Could you tell us more about that rewriting of souls?"
Louis: "Mana is the power of one's soul. You know that, right?"
Ushio: "Yes, I've heard about that before."
Louis: "Magic is when you consume that mana in order to produce various phenomena. Thus, the soul is the origin and basis of magic."
Louis: "This Mist acts directly on the soul and rewrites it. It's completely different from hypnosis, which needs a magic circle as an intermediary."
Adelheid: "Operating directly on the soul is one of the most powerful things magic can do."
Louis: "As an example, if one's soul were rewritten to that of a Magie's, then they would actually be able to use a Magie's power."
Ushio: "Since mana comes from the soul, would they also be transformed into having a Magie's level of mana?"
Louis: "Yes, they would."
Louis: "Perhaps it would be easier for you to picture it as bestowing new concepts and information to the soul."
Louis: "It's rewriting the soul so that something that was absent is now present. With that, it can turn into reality practically anything doable by magic."
Mitsuyoshi: "So it can do anything? Is that why we're seeing Omaru again?"
Louis: "Your souls were rewritten with something that says, 'That person is not Mutsuki, but Kotaro.'"
Michiru: "...Umm, are they going to be okay with such a strong spell on them!?"
Adelheid: "Yes, in exchange for this strong power, it only lasts for a brief period of time, moreso if the effect is from a magical tool like a Mist."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, Rito said that the effect will wear off after about an hour."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "So does this mean that the compensation would be pretty bad?"
Adelheid: "Yes, most likely. Normally, altering the soul would require a lot of preparation and a store of mana..."
Louis: "Given how it doesn't last very long, any normal magician wouldn't touch it, even if it is powerful."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko, we have to find the person who activated it ASAP."
Ushio: "...Wait, something strikes me as odd."
Adelheid: "What is it?"
Ushio: "Do you not find something about what's happened so far to be bizarre, given that the Mist rewrites one's soul?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Bizarre...?"
Ushio: "Among the ones who were affected by this..."
*The ones affected... Judging from the way she's saying this, I don't think she's referring to either one of us.*
*Which leaves...*
*Karasuma Kotaro*
Rito: Hanatate Mutsuki
Mitsuyoshi: "Is it Omaru?"
Ushio: "What makes you think that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Am I wrong? Omaru's soul was originally summoned from somewhere else and shouldn't even be here now."
Ushio: "That person is Mutsuki and not Karasuma-kun anyway."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, right."
*The one whose soul was rewritten wasn't Omaru in the first place.*
Louis: "...You must be talking about Rito. She's supposed to be a homunculus."
Ushio: "Yes, she doesn't have a soul to rewrite."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh!"
*So that's it...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Oh, Rito! She's a homunculus, so she... doesn't have a soul..."
Ushio: "Yes, there shouldn't have been anything to rewrite."
Louis: "So a spell that shouldn't have had any effect on her still worked for some reason."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hanatate?"
Ushio: "Of course not. We were just talking about how our souls were rewritten so that we think Karasuma-kun is here."
Ushio: "And Mutsuki's was rewritten so that she believes she is Karasuma Kotaro..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, right... Then who were you referring to?"
Louis: "Rito, right? She shouldn't have been affected."
Mitsuyoshi: "What do you mean?"
Ushio: "Stop daydreaming. She's a homunculus, remember?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Oh! Right, she doesn't have a soul..."
Ushio: "Indeed."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Then why did that happen to Rito?"
Ushio: "The simplest answer would be that because she has no soul to rewrite, it is nothing more than an act."
Mitsuyoshi: "An act!? That's... But wait, would she have a reason to do something as ridiculous as that?"
Ushio: "I doubt it, which means... that perhaps she isn't the real Rito-san."
Michiru: "...Someone else?"
Louis: "I agree with your train of thought."
Ushio: "Rito-san was the one who explained the Mist to us as well. She asserted that it was hypnosis..."
Ushio: "That was nothing but a lie. Being an index of Mists, she shouldn't be able to lie about what a Mist does."
Ushio: "Based on that, we reach the conclusion that the Rito-san we've been interacting with is someone else."
Mitsuyoshi: "...A fake, huh?"
*I totally thought that Rito wanted to be a normal girl...*
Adelheid: "But how do we deal with that other person? There's no way they would say yes if we asked them if they were a fake."
Ushio: "Probably. I don't know if it would be better to keep this between ourselves for now or not."
Mitsuyoshi: "What's the plan then? Actually, if that Rito's a fake, what happened to the real one?"
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "Michiru-san."
Michiru: "Huh!?"
Ushio: "Could we borrow the Key of Janus for a little while?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*We use the Key of Janus to open a door to the Bureau office and see the others who were waiting there looking at us.*
Kotaro: "Oh, welcome back."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks."
*The four of us step through the door and close it behind us.*
*I had Michiru go back to my room first, so she's absent.*
Kotaro: "You two sure took your time. What were you doing?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Didn't I say that I wanted to look into something?"
Rito: "Welcome back, everyone."
Shizuka: "We've got more people all of a sudden. You all okay with black tea?"
Ushio: "Of course."
Adelheid: "Yes, thank you."
Rito: "Hehe, the tea you make tastes great, Murakumo-san."
Shizuka: "Damn, I still can't get used to that..."
*He leaves his seat to get the teapot as he spouts complaints.*
*Meanwhile, Heidi stares intently at Rito.*
Adelheid: "I heard about this earlier... but you really have become a completely different person."
Rito: "Apparently so. It doesn't feel that way to me though..."
Adelheid: "Hmm...?"
*She looks puzzled... or so I thought, but she slowly points the perfume bottle concealed in her hand at Rito.*
Rito: "―......"
*Heidi wastes no time and sprays the bottle at her.*
"Jii!"
Adelheid: "Huh...!?"
*The perfume showers Rito... or at least it was supposed to.*
*The seat she was sitting in is empty, and the perfume hits the back of the sofa.*
Mitsuyoshi: "She's gone!?"
Adelheid: "Wha―!? What's going on...?"
*The room is overcome with confusion and we look all over.*
Ushio: "Wh-When did she...?"
Rito: "...I wasn't expecting that. What was that for all of a sudden?"
Shizuka: "What happened!? What did you do!?"
Louis: "The perfume can't be sprayed again for a while! Seize her!"
Kotaro: "Huh!? I-I just have to restrain her?"
*Oblivious to what's going on, Omaru, being the closest to Rito, tries to grab her arm, but she nimbly evades him.*
*However, at that moment, something like a handkerchief falls out from the pocket of her uniform.*
*It lands on the floor, and we see that there is a magic circle drawn on it.*
*And then, Rito's figure...*
Fuhito: "Whoa there!"
Kotaro: "Whaaaaaaaat!?"
*...changes to that of the principal, Tsuduraorizaka Fuhito.*
Shizuka: "P-P-Principal...!?"
Fuhito: "Hahahaha, what a blunder! But it looks like the cat's out of the bag."
Ushio: "Yes, long time no see, Principal."
*Mooko says that with an insincere smile on her face.*
Fuhito: "How did you find out? No, I already know. It must've been the work of our two guests!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, more or less."
*The clincher was when we used the Key of Janus.*
*When we used it to open a door to where the principal was, it led us here to the Bureau office.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You're the only one we know who'd disguise herself and do something as unsettling as activate a Mist in order to cause a commotion."
Fuhito: "Hahahahaha!! I see you're as rude as ever, Koga-kun! Unsettling, huh? Hahahaha!!"
*Even though she's giving her signature guffaw, her eyes are restlessly looking at all of us.*
*She's in a much stickier position than she looks to be.*
Fuhito: "Hehehe, I guess you leave me with no choice..."
*She suddenly sticks a hand into her pocket and removes a small vase-like object.*
Ushio: "An incense burner...!?"
Fuhito: "Precisely!"
*When she says that, the room is filled with smoke billowing from the burner.*
Fuhito: "All of you will be unable to inflict harm upon Tsuduraorizaka Fuhito!"
Louis: "―!!"
Shizuka: "Wh-What the hell!? I can't move...!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "―Perfect! We've already been hit by it once before, so it's not going to work again, Principal!!"
Fuhito: "All I needed was an opening!!"
*Refuting my point, the principal runs past the immobile Louis's side.*
Mitsuyoshi: "After her!!"
Kotaro: "Wait, Micchi!"
Ushio: "We'll be right back!!"
*Mooko calls out to our frozen comrades and leaves the Bureau as well.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn, this smoke's in the way!"
*Fanning away the smoke that's drifted out into the library with my hand, I look around.*
Kotaro: "...Huh? Where did she go?"
Ushio: "We lost her."
Mitsuyoshi: "She's damn quick when it comes to escaping."
*She was still in sight a moment ago, but now she's nowhere to be found.*
*It's quite likely that she didn't run away with her own two feet, but rather used some sort of spell or Mist to escape.*
*Having lost her, we head back to the Bureau office...*
Ushio: "Louis-san, could you use the Key of Janus please? I want to see if it will lead us to the principal again."
Louis: "Sure."
*It probably doesn't count as inflicting harm upon the principal.*
*He takes out the key and turns it in midair.*
*But nothing happens.*
Louis: "Tch... There's no response."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thought so..."
*Given how she suddenly disappeared, I had an inkling that she left for some place the Key of Janus couldn't reach...*
Ushio: "Could you also search for the real Rito-san?"
Louis: "Okay... No, that's not working either. As you can see, it's not responding."
Kotaro: "Rito-san too...?"
Adelheid: "So the principal already abducted her, huh?"
Ushio: "Probably..."
Shizuka: "Anyway, can you tell me what happened? I have no idea what's going on."
Ushio: "Oh, that's right. You see..."
*With the smoke finally gone, we take a seat to calm ourselves and Mooko explains the state of affairs.*
Ushio: "...and so we reached the conclusion that Rito-san, being a homunculus with no soul, shouldn't have been affected by the Mist."
Mitsuyoshi: "We thought about it maybe being the principal, because of what I said earlier about her being the only possible suspect."
Louis: "When we tried using the Key of Janus to reach her, it opened a door here."
Shizuka: "I see..."
Kotaro: "...So that Rito-san was a fake, huh..."
*Omaru slumps his shoulders, looking quite depressed.*
*He's probably thinking the same thing that I was.*
*That Rito might've wanted to become a normal girl.*
Ushio: "The rumor about the infirmary was probably planted by the principal to begin with."
Adelheid: "You would definitely investigate it if you heard about it, after all."
Ushio: "...I'm sure that us seeing Mutsuki as Karasuma-kun was part of her plan as well."
Shizuka: "Does Hanatate really look like him to you? All I see is her acting perfectly like him."
Ushio: "So the principal made Mutsuki think that she's Karasuma-kun too..."
Kotaro: "...Yeah, I can't tell at all."
Louis: "That's just the kind of magic it is."
Kotaro: "But why did the principal even come here? She made me―or rather, made Hanatate-san look like me and changed Rito-san's personality..."
Kotaro: "I can't tell what her goal was at all."
Ushio: "Making Mutsuki look like Karasuma-kun was most likely to agitate us."
*Mooko glances at me as she says that.*
*Well, it's true that I was extremely shaken up by it, exactly as the principal wanted.*
Ushio: "As for why she altered Rito-san's personality..."
*To figure out what we were up to?*
*She did it on a whim?*
*So that we wouldn't see through her act?*
Mitsuyoshi: "Could it be that she wanted to see what we were up to?"
Ushio: "That would be my guess too. She probably made it seem like Rito-san's personality changed so that she could ask as many questions as possible and get a grasp on our situation."
Kotaro: "Oh, I see, because Rito-san usually doesn't answer anything unless asked."
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe she just felt like it and did it on a whim?"
Louis: "If that were the case, why would she deliberately put herself in the spotlight?"
Ushio: "Rito-san normally doesn't answer anything unless asked. The principal probably wanted to make it so that she could ask us as many questions as possible to get a grasp on where we stand."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I see... So basically, she was probing us to see what we're up to..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe she wanted Rito to act as close to herself as possible so that we wouldn't see through her disguise...?"
Louis: "But the Mist's effect only lasts for about an hour."
Ushio: "Rito-san normally doesn't answer anything unless asked. The principal probably wanted to make it so that she could ask us as many questions as possible to get a grasp on where we stand."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I see... So basically, she was probing us to see what we're up to..."
Mitsuyoshi: "It would've been bad if she found out about Michiru, but we sent her back to my room... We didn't mention Michiru at all, did we?"
Kotaro: "Nope, we didn't."
Shizuka: "Yeah, most of the time it was just Rito―I mean, the principal making small talk. Her name never came up."
Ushio: "That was a stroke of good luck. All that's left now is to figure out what happened to the real Rito-san..."
Mitsuyoshi: "―......"
*I hold back the voice that was about to come out of my throat.*
*Without any warning, the Omaru before my eyes fades away...*
Mutsuki: "...H-Huh?"
Ushio: "Mutsuki..."
Mutsuki: "......"
Mutsuki: "I... Yeah, it's me! I'm Mutsuki! I know who I am!"
Ushio: "It really did wear off with time."
Adelheid: "Yes, thank goodness."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I already knew.*
*That the Omaru there wasn't real, and that he'd disappear eventually.*
*But once again... after seeing Omaru fade away like that, I'm left with a dull pain in my heart from the sense of loss.*
Ushio: "...Let's get back to what we were talking about."
Mutsuki: "Oh, okay! Sorry, I got a little excited."
Ushio: "It's fine. Since we can't reach Rito-san with the Key of Janus, it should be safe to assume that she is located where the principal is hiding."
Louis: "If the real one were around, that'd greatly increase the risk of being found out as a fake. It's obvious that she took Rito away beforehand."
Ushio: "That was certainly one of the reasons, but..."
Ushio: "Another reason would be that since Koga-kun is able to enter the treasury, it would prevent us from obtaining any useful Mists."
Ushio: "Without Rito-san's knowledge, we wouldn't know anything about Mists we haven't seen before―"
Ushio: "Even with someone who can enter the treasury, we wouldn't know which Mist does what."
Mutsuki: "That's a good point. We can't fight back with Mists or find out where she is now."
Mitsuyoshi: "But couldn't we do what Louis did before and summon a Mist using a Magie?"
Ushio: "...No."
*Shaking her head, Mooko takes out one of the sealing talismans.*
Ushio: "If she went into the treasury and placed one of these onto every Mist, they wouldn't respond for at least three days."
Adelheid: "Could she have only put them on the ones that would've caused her trouble if we used them?"
Ushio: "Even then, if we wished for a Mist with a certain functionality to appear and it didn't..."
Ushio: "We would have no way of knowing if it either doesn't exist or if it's simply been sealed."
Adelheid: "That's true."
Ushio: "At any rate... the principal is starting to make a move."
Mitsuyoshi: "Which means that we can't just sit around twiddling our thumbs anymore."
Shizuka: "Still, magic that lets her change her appearance is going to be a huge pain... Oh, this was still on the floor."
*He picks up the handkerchief that the principal had dropped.*
Ushio: "She disguised herself with this?"
Adelheid: "It looks like it. There is a symbol that represents change on it."
Louis: "...Hold on."
*From what I can tell, it leads to their room in the dorms.*
*Leaving the door open, he walks through it and soon returns.*
*In his hand is a familiar lamp.*
Mutsuki: "What is that?"
Shizuka: "Oh, is that... the one that shrunk the principal?"
Louis: "Yes. I thought that it might be useful so I summoned it again and left it in our room."
Ushio: "It's a Mist that can shrink homunculi, correct?"
Adelheid: "Yes, it's called Pixie Capulet."
Louis: "I've supplied it with mana, but not enough for it to go rampant. Anyone should be able to turn the switch and use it."
Louis: "You can use this to shrink any homunculus. Even if they change their appearance with magic, we can differentiate them."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see..."
Louis: "That being said, this is nothing more than a countermeasure. We don't have the slightest idea where their hideout is."
Adelheid: "Indeed. If only there were some way we could go on the offensive..."
Mutsuki: "Hmm, something we could do..."
Shizuka: "...That's hard. For now, we'll have to keep our eyes out for any clues as to where they're hiding..."
Ushio: "...There is one thing. Executing it will be difficult, but it would be an effective course of action."
*Droves of students walk by, happily chatting with each other.*
*They're all carrying large suitcases and headed out the front gates.*
Maya: "Huh? You guys aren't headed home?"
*Kurodani waves and comes up to us as we see them off.*
*As always, Yoshida is right by her side.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, must've been hard work packing everything."
Soara: "Everyone from the Bureau has to stay here? That sounds rough."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
Ushio: "Our holidays are just shifted a bit from everyone else's, so there's no need for concern."
Soara: "Oh, so you do get breaks. That's good."
Maya: "The Disciplinary Committee too, Mibu-senpai?"
Tsubaki: "Yeah, we're in the same boat."
Maya: "Good luck with your work! We'll be heading off first then..."
Tsubaki: "Thanks. It's been a long time since you've all gone back home, so unwind and enjoy your time with your families."
Soara: "We will! Thank you!"
Maya: "See you next term!"
Soara: "Please excuse us."
*The two girls rejoin the crowd and leave the school grounds.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...I still can't believe you managed to pull it off."
*A wry smile appears on my face as I watch the students leave.*
Tsubaki: "I was surprised when Shishigatani-san approached me with this idea too."
*She forces a smile in return.*
*Mooko and the acting Committee chair Tsubaki-chan went to ask the administration―staff members other than the principal, obviously―if the long vacation could be moved earlier.*
*Doing something like this on such short notice is completely unprecedented.*
*I have no idea how they did it, but they must've been really aggressive about it, and lo and behold, it actually happened. All of the students are leaving today.*
Ushio: "At any rate, the west dorm should be completely empty now."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, all the Disciplinary Committee members are in the east dorm. All of the west dorm students were vessels for the Night students, so none of them were on the Committee."
*That's right. Mooko's idea was to have all of the Night student vessels leave the school.*
*Without them, the principal won't be able to do anything.*
Ushio: "This is our chance. With the time we have, let's unravel the mystery behind what happened 20 years ago."
Michiru: "Mm... Uu..."
Mitsuyoshi: (Michiru...?)
*My little sister is tossing and turning beside me in her sleep, letting out a pained voice.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She's having another nightmare...?)
*She's been having a lot of bad dreams lately.*
*I'm beginning to suspect that the school's having a negative effect on her, with all the Mists and magic and seals and whatnot.*
Mitsuyoshi: "There, there..."
*I stroke her back in order to try and soothe her.*
*Her eyes open and she looks at me drowsily.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, did I wake you up?"
Michiru: "...I want some water."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, give me a minute."
*I slide out of bed and fill a cup from the sink.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Here you go..."
*By the time I get back, her eyes are closed again.*
*Thinking that she went back to sleep, I peer into her face.*
*But then―*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!?"
*I see a faint silhouette of a person floating above her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wha...!?"
*The flickering, fog-like figure gradually becomes clearer, taking the shape of a girl.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―!!"
*An ominous chill runs down my spine.*
*For some reason, the sight of her leaves a big impact on me, even though I've never seen her before.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Wh-What... Who are you...?)
*The translucent girl extends her arm towards the sleeping Michiru and covers my sister with her body.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Huh... Why...)
*I want to move closer to her, but my body won't budge.*
*And that repugnant sound is ringing in my ears.*
*The sound... of crackling flames.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Why... Why now...?)
*I feel like my entire body is engulfed in flames.*
*There's clearly no fire here.*
*And yet...*
*―i-chan... Onii-chan...*
*I try to return to my senses, but the red waves relentlessly burst up from the floor.*
Mitsuyoshi: (It's a dream... This is nothing but an illusion...!!)
*I scream inside my head with what remains of my sanity.*
*But even that is soon extinguished, and the fire only continues to grow.*
*My consciousness is fading.*
*I'm hyperventilating.*
*Sweat is dripping from my forehead, running down my cheeks.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Ah... That's...)
*The scenery I see in the flames.*
*It's the house that no longer exists anywhere but in my memory.*
*My former home, which burned down...*
*I was surrounded by flames like this.*
*That's right... I was standing here...*
*My memories of being burned alive are strikingly vivid.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...That's right... I...)
Mitsuyoshi: (I was at my wits' end...)
Mitsuyoshi: (Who... was that...?)
*In these resuscitated memories, I can make out someone in the flames.*
*It's neither my parents nor Michiru.*
*It's someone else.*
Girl: "Still... too soon..."
*I hear a girl's voice.*
*That shadow... That's...*
Girl: "It's still not enough..."
Mitsuyoshi: (Was it her...!?)
*My distant consciousness is suddenly pulled back to reality.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You... Who are you...!?"
*I squeeze out a quivering voice.*
*The figure―The girl responds.*
Girl: "―...Angel."
*She vanishes into thin air after saying that...*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*The maddening illusion of flames disappears as well, and I'm left standing in my dark room.*
*I had dropped the cup of water at some point.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―Michiru...!!"
*Remembering how the girl had covered Michiru with her body,*
*I rush up to her and shake her awake.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru! Are you all right!?"
Michiru: "...Hmm? What...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Do you feel okay?"
Michiru: "What...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...What about water?"
Michiru: "Water?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Didn't you want to drink some?"
Michiru: "...I don't know..."
*She shakes her head, closes her eyes, and goes back to sleep.*
*Everything seems fine with her.*
Mitsuyoshi: (What was that... Was it a dream...?)
*I can't help but worry and watch Michiru for a little while, but nothing happens.*
*What in the world...*
Fuhito: "My, I really have no excuse for what happened..."
*I look into the mirror and tilt my head.*
*This mirror is of course a Mist.*
*I'm not some narcissist who's infatuated with my own face.*
Fuhito: "You had to wastefully use your powers in order to save me. I'm sincerely ashamed of myself."
Fuhito: "Yes, of course. Being forced to use the incense burner was another blunder on my part."
Fuhito: "It could've served a much more useful purpose..."
*It's a shame.*
*Truly a shame.*
*The members of the Bureau are so darn stubborn, interfering with our plans.*
Fuhito: "Yes, I've properly reflected on my actions."
*With the mirror in hand, deep in thought, I pace back and forth, making long strides.*
*I can feel a pair of eyes following me, but I obviously ignore them.*
Fuhito: "At any rate, because of this, we've basically figured out the state of affairs and any problem points!"
Fuhito: "Those two magicians from Germany are indeed our Achilles' heel."
Fuhito: "It was only because of them that my disguise was broken. Really, they're a huge problem."
Fuhito: "And they couldn't have come at a worse time. I regret not refusing their request back then..."
Rito: "Could you let me return to the library anytime soon?"
Fuhito: "Hmm?"
*I turn around in response to the sudden voice, and I make eye contact with the pair of eyes I've been ignoring this entire time.*
*Well, not like it really matters anyway.*
*It's not a problem at all.*
Rito: "My job is to care for the library and the Mists that Mother collected. I can't do that if I'm here."
Fuhito: "I'd be willing to let you go if you promise not to explain anything about any Mist."
Rito: "I can't do that. I am an index, and it is my responsibility to answer anything that I'm asked."
Fuhito: "Is that so? Then unfortunately, I can't let you leave!"
Fuhito: "If someone asked you, 'Are there any Mists that let me see the future with complete certainty?' you would end up answering them, no?"
Rito: "Are you referring to the Mist that Mother left behind?"
Fuhito: "It would be problematic for us if those folks were to use it."
Rito: "That Mist picks its users, so even if I did tell them about its existence, it wouldn't matter."
Fuhito: "I don't just mean that one specific case. There are several other useful Mists, as you know."
Rito: "'Useful' is subjective. A Mist that can chop up vegetables in a second might be useful to some."
Fuhito: "I see! That is indeed useful! Ahahahahahaha!"
Fuhito: "But that's not the kind of Mist that the members of the Bureau are looking for, nor is it the kind of Mist that I'm wary of."
Fuhito: "Anyway, too bad! Just give it up!!"
Rito: "...Will you let me go back?"
*Her line of sight shifts away from me.*
*Hmm, so she's decided that talking to me is futile.*
*Well, that's fine too.*
*It's a meaningless choice anyway.*
Rito: "If you don't create an opening in the fabric of this time and make a path to our original world, I can't go back."
*Oh dear.*
*It's not that she didn't want to argue with me, but instead she's grasped what's needed in order for her to leave.*
*I can't say that that'll do anything for her, though.*
Fuhito: "Hmm... Oh? Ohhh!!"
*I can't help but let out a cheer of joy, raise the mirror that I'm holding into the air, and spin around in circles.*
Fuhito: "We can finally use it!"
Fuhito: "It takes forever for this Mist to start up."
*The mirror in my hand begins to glow.*
Rito: "Yes, that's right. That Mist is..."
Fuhito: "Now, now, no need for explanations. I already know what this Mist does!"
Rito: "I see."
*Even though I tell her that her help isn't needed, she doesn't look particularly disappointed and obediently closes her mouth.*
Fuhito: "Hehehehehehe..."
*A smile creeps onto my face as I stare at the mirror.*
Fuhito: "The preparations are finally complete. It's almost time to launch our counterattack. Hahahahaha... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!!"
Man: "...Yes, I've arrived. Like you said, it's quite deep in the mountains..."
Man: "No, I don't want things to get violent, so I have no intention of using it unless absolutely necessary."
Man: "I'll make sure to first talk it out with him. I came here in order to protect him, not to injure him."
Man: "...Yes, I'm fully aware of that. The safety of the head of the family is of utmost importance... Yes..."
Man: "The school's administration appears to be acting suspiciously... Ah, I can see the front gate."
Man: "I'm going in now, so I'll talk to you again later..."
Man: "...Hmm, the signal seems a bit weak."
Man: "I'll call you back."
Man: (...I'm suddenly out of service...?)
Man: (It's intentionally eliminating in advance anything that hinders the formation of magic, huh...?)
Mitsuyoshi: "......!!"
*The familiar, all-too-real sound instantly brings me to my senses.*
*I spring up and turn off my alarm clock.*
*Looking at the time, it's already almost noon.*
*I think I set the alarm so that I wouldn't oversleep too much.*
*Right after I put the glass away and before I went back to bed...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Was that... a dream...?"
*A dream about the fire... and a girl at my bedside.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*Looking beside me, I see that Michiru is sleeping soundly.*
*I can't see anything different or strange about her.*
Mitsuyoshi: (That girl... I'm pretty sure I don't know her, but...)
*She looked like she was standing there and peering into Michiru's face.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...She said her name was Angel, right?)
*I've never heard it before.*
*But... looking back into my memories of the fire, for some reason I feel like there was a girl there...*
Mitsuyoshi: (What did she look like...?)
*She was beyond the flames and I couldn't get a good look... I think.*
*However, I get the feeling that she and the girl from last night are the same person.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Damn it, how much of that was a dream...?)
*The illusory fire. That was, without a doubt, fake.*
*It was probably a flashback of that unpleasant memory.*
*So was that girl also an illusion?*
*Was it because that weird memory of there being someone in the fire resurfaced in my mind?*
Mitsuyoshi: "No, hold on..."
*Could it be that my memory of a girl being there is nothing more than yet another strange dream?*
*Come to think of it, when we summoned Furoya with magic, she also said that when the fire happened, there was someone there she didn't recognize.*
*Maybe my brain's just mixing things up and making me remember wrongly...*
Mitsuyoshi: (But if that were the case, where did that girl's appearance come from...?)
Michiru: "Mmm...?"
*As I'm sitting up in my bed racking my brain, Michiru stirs in her sleep.*
Michiru: "Fwaahh... Is it morning?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, yeah. I was about to get changed and go out."
Michiru: "Mm..."
*Since practically all of the students have gone home there aren't any classes, but we're technically supposed to be studying on our own.*
*Well, I don't have to go to my classroom, but lying around here in my room is probably a bad idea.*
*Everyone's gathered at the Bureau office anyway.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I should turn to them for help...)
*Thankfully, I have a bunch of reliable friends.*
*I quickly change out of my pajamas and pay Tsubaki-chan a visit.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Tsubaki-chan, you here?"
Kasumi: "Fwaaah~ Morning."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, Sumi-chan. I didn't know you were here... It's almost noon, you know."
Kasumi: "Ahaha, we ended up chatting late into the night."
*And so she ended up staying the night as a result.*
*Well, I was about to go back to bed a few minutes ago myself, so I'm not one to talk.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh... There's something I wanted to talk to you two about."
Kasumi: "One second. Hime-chan, are you ready?"
Tsubaki: "Yeah, sorry. I'm all set."
Kasumi: "Come on in."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry about this. Thanks."
Tsubaki: "Don't worry about it. I was just washing my face."
*She slips her arms through the jacket of her uniform as she says that.*
Tsubaki: "So did something happen?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, you see... I might just be worrying too much about it, but I had a weird dream..."
Kasumi: "A dream?"
*I do my best to recount my experience last night with the girl in my room, who looked like she was going do something to Michiru after reaching for her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "For the record, Michiru doesn't look any different, and I honestly can't tell if that was a dream or reality."
Tsubaki: "Hmm, that does sound unusual. She was a complete stranger, you said?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
Kasumi: "Was she a student from this school? Was she wearing a uniform?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not sure. I couldn't really tell because she was translucent and faint."
Kasumi: "Huh? Does that make her a ghost then?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Who knows... Which is why I can't tell if it was a dream or not..."
Tsubaki: "But if it wasn't a dream, there's a huge problem if she was trying to do something to Michiru-san..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, which is why I wanted to ask you to take a look at her just in case."
Mitsuyoshi: "Like for signs of anything weird or any traces of magic."
Kasumi: "Hmm, yeah. If she's not a ghost, it's possible that a Mist is involved."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm really sorry for bothering you two if it was nothing more than my imagination."
Tsubaki: "What are you talking about? That'd be good news instead."
Kasumi: "Yeah, this is nothing, right, Hime-chan?"
Tsubaki: "Yeah. Is Michiru-san still asleep?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Out like a light in my room."
Tsubaki: "Let's head over there then."
Kasumi: "Do you mind if I tag along?"
Mitsuyoshi: "By all means. I can rest easy having two Magie take a look."
*...With that, Tsubaki-chan and Sumi-chan accompany me back to my room.*
*Upon arriving, we see that Michiru is, as expected, still sound asleep.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Anything?"
*The two Magie stare at Michiru earnestly and look around the room.*
Tsubaki: "Hmm... I don't sense anything out of place."
Kasumi: "Me neither. There's nothing that feels off."
*They look at each other and nod in agreement.*
*They're confirming that they're both on the same page.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is that so..."
Mitsuyoshi: "So I guess it was a dream after all. Sorry for wasting your time like this."
Kasumi: "There you go again. It's a good thing that we didn't find anything, isn't it?"
Tsubaki: "Yeah, it should be a load off your shoulders now."
Mitsuyoshi: "...You're right. Thanks for your help."
Kasumi: "Her breathing is stable, she doesn't seem to be in any discomfort, and she's sleeping soundly. Good for you, Michiru-chan."
Tsubaki: "You're so kind, Sumi-chan."
Kasumi: "Huh? Oh, ahaha, she just reminded me of the past."
Tsubaki: "The past?"
Kasumi: "Shii-chan used to sleep a lot when he was younger, so yeah."
Tsubaki: "Ah..."
Mitsuyoshi: (Oh, I see...)
*She came with us because she was worried about Michiru's condition.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Thank you, both of you."
Tsubaki: "It's nothing. Feel free to ask me again anytime for something like this."
Kasumi: "Yeah. Look at how lively Shii-chan is now! I'm sure Michiru-chan will be better in no time."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well... he's a bit too lively, in my opinion."
Kasumi: "Maybe it's a pendulum effect, like he was stuck in bed all the time and now he's letting out all that bottled energy."
*I feel like I've been getting the brunt of it, but I probably shouldn't say that to his sister.*
Michiru: "Uu... Mm? Huh? What's going on?"
*Woken up by us talking, Michiru opens her eyes and looks at us dazedly.*
*Anyone would be surprised if they suddenly woke up to three people talking at their bedside.*
Tsubaki: "Oh, sorry, did we wake you up?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's nothing. Go back to sleep."
Kasumi: "Pardon our intrusion~"
Michiru: "Huh? Did something happen...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Nothing at all."
*I shrug my shoulders and force a smile.*
*I was just needlessly worrying.*
Tsubaki: "We'll be leaving now. Good night, Michiru-san."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm heading out."
Michiru: "Ehh~ Wait, I think I can get up~"
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure? Don't push yourself."
Michiru: "Yeah, I'm up."
Kasumi: "Let's go together then!"
Michiru: "Ah, umm, give me a minute to get dressed..."
Kasumi: "Oh, right. Take your time!"
*Is she seeing the young, bedridden Murakumo in Michiru and happy that she's able to get out of bed?*
Mitsuyoshi: (They don't look anything like each other though...)
Tsubaki: "We'll wait for you outside in the hallway."
*We exit my room and head for the Bureau office together once Michiru finishes getting ready.*
*There are still Disciplinary Committee members in the school, so we use the Key of Janus to make sure that Michiru isn't spotted...*
Mitsuyoshi: "'Sup."
*Arriving at the Bureau office, we see that everyone else is already here.*
*Mooko is in her usual seat, and Hanatate is beside her.*
*Upon seeing us, Murakumo stands up as if it were a conditioned reflex.*
Shizuka: "You guys are late... Huh, Michiru?"
Michiru: "...Good morning."
Shizuka: "It's almost noon, you know."
Tsubaki: "Sorry, did we keep you waiting?"
Mutsuki: "No, I only got here a minute ago."
Kasumi: "Shii-chan, tea."
Shizuka: "I know. Do you want black tea, hot chocolate, or chai?"
*The question wasn't directed at Sumi-chan, but rather at Michiru, who's hesitantly trying to sit down.*
Michiru: "...Chai?"
Kasumi: "It's like an Indian milk tea. It's sweet and tastes good."
Ushio: "It's Murakumo-san's, and it's quite delicious."
*She drinks from her cup, looking extremely satisfied.*
*Now that I think about it, Sumi-chan had a lot of stuff in her room that she'd bought.*
*I'm guessing she brought some of it here.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It must be really sweet if it's making you that happy."
Ushio: "You can go drink some Tabasco or mustard."
Mitsuyoshi: "Even I wouldn't consider those as drinks!"
Mutsuki: "What about curry? There are some people who drink that straight."
Adelheid: "H-How could anyone do that...!?"
Kasumi: "Hanatate-san, I don't think people who like spicy food do that, just fat people."
Mutsuki: "Really?"
Shizuka: "If that's what you want to drink, go to the store and buy one of those premade pouches yourself."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not drinking it! A regular black coffee is fine."
Kasumi: "What about you, Michiru-chan?"
Michiru: "...Umm, I'll... try the chai."
*I can't tell if she's in the mood for something sweet, wants to try it because it was recommended, or if she's just plain interested.*
Kasumi: "Me too."
Tsubaki: "I'll have the same then."
Shizuka: "Koga, you're the only one who wants something different. What a pain in the ass."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'd be fine with the chai too, but isn't it really sweet? I'm not so sure about drinking something like that right after waking up."
Ushio: "It's not sweet at all if you don't put any sugar in."
Kasumi: "It tastes great with cinnamon."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Oh, I'll give it a try then."
Michiru: "Me too... That sounds good."
Shizuka: "Do we even have any cinnamon? Oh, found it."
Mitsuyoshi: "When did our office turn into a tea shop?"
Adelheid: "It's because we've spent so much time here."
*Heidi joins in on our conversation, probably because Louis isn't paying any attention to her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You've brought stuff here too?"
Adelheid: "Shizuka is quite good at making tea, though not as good as Louis."
*...She glances at Louis out of the corner of her eye, but he continues to look indifferent.*
Shizuka: "That doesn't make me happy..."
*In spite of his words, he goes to brew the tea using the skills he's honed during his time here.*
*It's practically become second nature for him.*
Adelheid: "I was trying to praise you."
Shizuka: "I'm not a waiter, you know!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, you're an errand boy."
Shizuka: "Shut up! I'm going to pour Tabasco in yours instead of cinnamon!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Please don't. That doesn't sound appetizing at all."
Louis: "...Can we move on to the main topic at hand yet?"
*He was listening in after all.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, let's do that. I feel like the tension is slowly slipping away."
Mutsuki: "When we're like this, it doesn't feel like we're in the middle of some weird incident at all."
Ushio: "Because we don't know what's going on behind closed doors."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, that's true, but that doesn't mean we should be rushing things either."
Kasumi: "If we're always on edge, we won't be able to focus when we need to."
Louis: "Still, we shouldn't be debating whether or not curry is a drink for hours on end."
Adelheid: "...So you were listening, huh?"
Louis: "No, the conversation simply entered my ears."
Ushio: "Let's put aside curry and Tabasco and sort out the current state of affairs."
*She takes out the black and white notebooks and places them on top of the desk side by side.*
*The relaxed atmosphere suddenly becomes much more tense.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Everyone's gotten so fast at switching gears...)
*It's like we all have a switch that gets flipped when we start serious discussions.*
*Having overcome all sorts of troublesome incidents together, we've grown a lot more in sync.*
Ushio: "First off, before we get into the notebooks, I'd like to talk about the current situation at the school."
Ushio: "Now that we've moved up the long holiday, we're one step ahead of the administration with regards to the west dorm students."
*The students living in the west dorm were used as vessels for the souls of students from 20 years ago.*
*It was a heavy-handed plan in order to have them physically leave the school, but everything went smoothly.*
Ushio: "With this, we've bought ourselves some time, at the very least until the holiday ends."
*...As she says that, Mooko looks at Hanatate somewhat discontentedly.*
Ushio: "Although we do have someone from the west dorm still here."
Mutsuki: "Ehehe."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh right, I forgot Hanatate lived there."
Ushio: "Yes. I wanted to send her back home as well, but..."
Mutsuki: "It's okay! I won't be going back to my own room. Instead, I'll sleep over at Moo-chan's!"
Ushio: "That's not the problem here..."
*Basically, Mooko saw this as a good opportunity to distance Hanatate from this dangerous school... but her negotiations have apparently failed.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...She's always been no match for Hanatate, it seems.)
*Everyone else has picked up on this as well, and we all warmly gaze at Mooko as she sighs.*
Ushio: "―Anyway."
*Regaining her composure, she shrugs her shoulders and places her hands on the notebooks on the desk.*
Ushio: "While the west dorm students are absent, I would like to finish our investigation on the past."
Ushio: "I'll refer to these two notebooks that recount memories as diaries for short."
Ushio: "They're actually memories that are written in the style of a diary, but regardless."
Ushio: "The owner of this black diary is the founder of this school, Kral Lazurit."
Ushio: "This white one belongs to Sedmy, the girl that she adopted."
Louis: "We don't know any of the circumstances surrounding why she adopted Sedmy, or where the girl even came from."
Ushio: "Unfortunately, yes. We only know that she did so and brought her to this school."
*Murakumo brings out the tea he brewed and places the cups in front of us.*
*Thankfully, I can smell cinnamon.*
*Mooko continues after waiting for him to return to his seat.*
Ushio: "Sedmy referred to Lazurit as 'Mother,' and she seemed quite drawn to her."
Kasumi: "Lazurit-san sounded like she really cared for Sedmy too."
Tsubaki: "It's clear that the two of them were very close."
Ushio: "Indeed. And then, we saw that Sedmy started attending the school as a student."
Mutsuki: "She became friends with her classmates and got along with them."
Adelheid: "But then... something happened."
Ushio: "Yes. For some reason, Lazurit said that she might have to leave for a period of time."
Ushio: "Perhaps because of that, she ended up making a 'mistake.'"
Adelheid: "Was that the fire?"
Ushio: "We don't know yet if she's referring to the fire itself or if this 'mistake' led to the fire."
Louis: "It's hard to believe that the fire started due to natural causes."
Ushio: "I agree. The way Sedmy wrote about it makes me think that the fire appeared out of nowhere."
Tsubaki: "Out of nowhere? So did someone start it on purpose?"
Kasumi: "It could've been the work of that 'stranger' who was there."
Neko: "During the assembly... all of a sudden, I thought... who is this person...? There's... someone unfamiliar..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Furoya mentioned that, didn't she?"
Adelheid: "If it's someone that the students didn't know, then it couldn't have been Lazurit."
Shizuka: "Then who was it? Actually, it wouldn't make sense for the perpetrator to be in the room with them, don't you think?"
Mutsuki: "They'd end up burning themselves up too, right? Maybe they didn't care about that."
Kasumi: "Like some sort of murder-suicide?"
Adelheid: "Murder-suicide?"
*Heidi furrows her brow, looking confused.*
Ushio: "Ah, I forgot that this concept doesn't exist in the West."
Mutsuki: "Really!?"
Adelheid: "What does it entail?"
Kasumi: "For example, say there's a guy who's in love with Lazurit-san, but he gets rejected and ends up burning down her beloved school, killing himself along with it."
Adelheid: "...I can't imagine him as being anything other than crazy."
Ushio: "You're not wrong. It's not something that a sane person would do."
Mutsuki: "Hmm, then maybe the 'mistake' she's referring to is showing the arsonist any sort of interest in him?"
Tsubaki: "But if there was someone like that, isn't it strange that Lazurit-san's diary never mentions this person at all?"
Mutsuki: "Ah, that's true."
Ushio: "The probability of that 'someone important' being male isn't zero, but..."
*She flips through the white notebook.*
*―"What's wrong, Mother? You said that you were going to meet someone important today... Were you unable to meet them?"*
*―"Sorry for making you worry. I was just a bit disappointed that I couldn't make them happy."*
*She points out the part in the diary where Sedmy wrote that.*
Ushio: "It would be bizarre for her to be disappointed about being unable to make someone happy if they were making advances on her."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Maybe she scared them off by saying that she had a daughter who's really cute."
Kasumi: "I'm sure they'd be taken aback, but you wouldn't say that to someone until you got close to them, right?"
Tsubaki: "If she's having Sedmy attend classes in the school, it's not like she's keeping the fact that she adopted her a secret."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's true."
Adelheid: "Besides, if that were the case, the part where Lazurit says that she has to leave Sedmy for a while..."
Mutsuki: "It'd be a really ugly story where the boyfriend hates the daughter and wants Lazurit-san to part with her..."
Adelheid: "I don't think she was that selfish of a person!"
Ushio: "Please calm down. That is impossible. Look here."
*She points to a line on the page.*
*―"I will always protect you."*
Ushio: "It's obvious that Lazurit treasures Sedmy more than anything else."
Adelheid: "That's right! I'm sure the man forced her to separate from Sedmy!"
Louis: "We don't even have any proof that this man exists... if I may say so."
Adelheid: "I-I know that! I'm just going along with the conversation!!"
Mutsuki: "And here where it says 'might not be able to be with me for a while' means that it's not a permanent thing."
Kasumi: "Hmm, maybe she thought that a stalker would be dangerous, so she wanted to hide Sedmy in a safe place for the time being."
Shizuka: "It sounds like it could make sense... but going forward, should we really be assuming that this stalker is the arsonist?"
Ushio: "No, as Louis-san said, we don't know anything about this 'unfamiliar person.'"
Tsubaki: "Going back to the point about the arsonist being there when the fire started, does that mean they were planning on dying as well?"
Tsubaki: "Or were they only trying to threaten everyone and not actually burn everything down?"
Ushio: "That is a good point. The fire could've been accidentally started, or maybe they never intended to start it in the first place..."
Michiru: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: (There's nothing but bad memories for her...)
*I'm a little worried, but if her mana were to go berserk, Tsubaki-chan and the other Magie here would notice.*
*So right now, I can still rest easy.*
Shizuka: "If they didn't want to start the fire, then could it have been a Mist running rampant, or an accident involving a Mist?"
Ushio: "Or perhaps they used the wrong Mist. There are numerous possibilities."
Mitsuyoshi: "...And Rito's not here, so we can't even ask if there's a Mist like that..."
Ushio: "Yes. Right now, that is the biggest problem."
Ushio: "Not only can we not ask about Mists... we can't continue with the black diary either."
Kasumi: "Oh yeah. Then I guess we have no choice but to just stick to the white one."
Shizuka: "The ink hasn't refilled yet though."
Mutsuki: "Can't it go any faster?"
Ushio: "I think it should be ready in the afternoon."
Mitsuyoshi: "You mean today!? That quickly?"
Tsubaki: "I feel like it took a lot longer last time..."
Ushio: "The truth is, I remembered about the magic circle that we used for one of our previous investigations."
Mitsuyoshi: "Which one?"
Ushio: "The one that gathers and enhances mana from its surroundings. I'm sure you remember it, Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah, I do."
*She used it to force me to say my real name.*
Mitsuyoshi: "If we use that, the ink should refill faster, right?"
Ushio: "Yes, I believe so."
Kasumi: "So we're using that on the ink right now?"
Ushio: "Yes. I've already drawn it around the Mist."
Ushio: "The pen takes someone's mana in order to recount the past, but the ink refills passively. In other words, being able to absorb mana from its surroundings should help to speed up the process."
*She explains how she hopes to fill the ink bottle much faster like this.*
Kasumi: "I see! Then it should be filled in no time!"
Ushio: "Yes..."
*The phone in the office rings, as if to cut Mooko's sentence short.*
Ushio: "Yes, this is the Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs... Yes? Mibu-san?"
*She promptly answers it, and it seems that the call was for Tsubaki-chan.*
Ushio: "Please wait a moment. Mibu-san."
Tsubaki: "Thanks. ―Hello, Mibu speaking..."
*Taking the receiver from Mooko, she says a few words and soon ends the call.*
Tsubaki: "Sorry, the Disciplinary Committee is looking for me. I'm going to go meet up with them."
Ushio: "All right. Good luck with your work."
Kasumi: "Did something happen?"
Tsubaki: "There's a bit of trouble, but it sounds like it's just a water leak and not related to a Mist."
Kasumi: "Oh, okay. Take care."
Tsubaki: "Thanks. I'll be back later."
*She waves her hand and runs off.*
Ushio: "Now then, that is the current state of affairs."
Louis: "We're somewhat stuck without Rito around. Should our first objective be to retrieve her?"
Kasumi: "I'm sure they aren't doing anything horrible to her, but I'd like to have her back sooner rather than later."
Shizuka: "She's probably being held in their hideout. If we can find that, we'll have more options."
Mutsuki: "The principal is probably there too, so it'd be best if we could capture her and bring Rito back."
Mitsuyoshi: "Can you guys use your perfume to follow Rito's traces or something?"
*The idea randomly comes to mind, and I ask Heidi and Louis.*
*However, the two of them shake their heads.*
Adelheid: "We've already thought about what we could do..."
*As she says that, she gets up and makes a quick trip out to the library. She returns with a book in her hand.*
Adelheid: "Listen up. If our enemy is actually Kral Lazurit, or another Magie with similar powers―"
Adelheid: "Then they'd be capable of manipulating time. This book explains a bit about that power."
*She flips through the thick book she brought from the library and lays it out on the middle of the desk to show us.*
*...Unfortunately, it's not in Japanese, so I can't make heads or tails of it.*
Adelheid: "Here. It says that the power can be used to create a space that's severed from the flow of time."
Ushio: "Severed from the flow of time..."
Adelheid: "Yes, and nobody but the Magie who created it, or a Magie with similar powers, can do anything about it."
Kasumi: "...So basically, we can't use the Key of Janus to get there?"
Adelheid: "Exactly. Only a Magie who can control time can enter or leave it."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's not the same space as the one where we destroyed the magic circle, right? It's another one?"
Adelheid: "Yes, it's different. You could get to that one with the Key of Janus, no?"
Adelheid: "While they're both spaces that were created with magic, the one with the magic circle was not cut off from the flow of time of this world."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see..."
Shizuka: "A place that's broken off from the flow of time? That's ridiculous..."
Ushio: "The takeaway is that we have no means to get to where they are."
Louis: "Unfortunately."
*A knock on the office door startles us.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Go hide, just in case."
Michiru: "O-Okay."
*I whisper that to Michiru and she quickly uses the Key of Janus to transport herself elsewhere.*
Ushio: "Yes, who is it?"
*Mooko responds after confirming that Michiru has left.*
*The door opens, and a student wearing a Disciplinary Committee uniform nervously walks in.*
Disciplinary Committee Member: "Pardon my intrusion. There is a guest here for you."
Ushio: "A client? But almost all of the students should've gone home..."
Disciplinary Committee Member: "Sorry, not for the Bureau, but for the two Germans."
Adelheid: "Huh..."
Louis: "......"
*Heidi is clearly annoyed, and while Louis's expression is the same as ever, it's obvious that he's displeased.*
Disciplinary Committee Member: "I didn't know if it was a good idea to bring them down here, so they're currently waiting in the principal's office."
Ushio: "I see. Thank you for letting us know."
Disciplinary Committee Member: "I'm in a hurry, so I'll take my leave now."
Shizuka: "Did something happen?"
Disciplinary Committee Member: "There's a bit of trouble in the east dorm, so I'm going to help out there..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah, Tsubaki-chan was called out for that too. Just to be absolutely sure, it's not a Mist, right?"
Disciplinary Committee Member: "All I've heard so far is that one of the water pipes is leaking."
Kasumi: "Oh, I want to help Hime-chan out. Do you mind if I go over there?"
Ushio: "Sure, by all means."
Kasumi: "Let's head there together then."
Disciplinary Committee Member: "Huh? Umm... are you sure about this?"
Shizuka: "She probably won't get in your way. Feel free to work her hard."
Kasumi: "Thanks for having me."
Disciplinary Committee Member: "O-Okay, well then..."
Kasumi: "Oh, if anything happens, let me know with this."
*She gives her own copy of the Key of Janus to Murakumo.*
Shizuka: "You sure?"
Kasumi: "I'll be with Hime-chan, so I'll be fine. See you all later!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Do you have an idea of who this guest is?"
Adelheid: "Of course."
Ushio: "If I remember correctly, you were told to return to Germany, weren't you?"
Adelheid: "Yes, we were."
Louis: "They sent someone from the main family here..."
*His expression had also turned to one of disgust after the Disciplinary Committee member left.*
Adelheid: "For crying out loud, we already said that we wouldn't be going back!"
Ushio: "But you can't just ignore them and leave them waiting in the principal's office."
Louis: "...I know."
*Heidi sighs and does the same.*
Ushio: "We'll come with you. Having you remain here is in our interests as well."
Mutsuki: "Yeah, maybe if we beg hard enough, they'll cave and let you stay."
Adelheid: "I sure hope it goes that well..."
Louis: "...It'll depend on who they sent. I'm afraid we'll have to count on you for that if it comes down to it."
Ushio: "Yes, let's go."
*With that, all of us leave the Bureau office to greet the guest.*
Adelheid: "Excuse u―!?"
*After taking one step into the principal's office, Heidi sees the person waiting there and is at a loss for words.*
Man: "―Zu spat."
*The man sitting on the sofa mutters that after glancing at Louis and Heidi.*
*Even when he's seated, I can tell that this glasses-wearing man is quite tall, and he looks completely disinterested in the current situation.*
*Clack, clack, clack... I wonder what that sound is and notice that he's rotating a Rubik's Cube.*
*He must've had a lot of free time, as the puzzle is almost solved.*
Louis: "...Things couldn't get any worse."
*He said that things would go differently depending on who showed up, but based on his reaction, it sounds like this was someone completely unexpected.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Who is that?"
*I decide against asking Louis and instead approach Heidi and ask her in a low voice.*
Adelheid: "U-Umm..."
*Her eyes wander as if it's a difficult question to answer.*
Man: "Pardon me―"
*Having sensed that in the air, he leisurely gets up and faces us.*
*The puzzle left on the table beside him had been completed at some point.*
Ulrick: "I come from the Weinberger main family. My name is Ulrick. I am the older brother of Ludwig over there."
Mitsuyoshi: "Brother!?"
Louis: "...Yes."
*They don't look very alike.*
*Did they look more similar before Louis was transformed into a woman by the power of the Magie's fake eye?*
Ulrick: "Are you from the Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs? I know about you from the reports."
Ushio: "Yes, we are..."
Ulrick: "Ah, I have no intention of taking up your time. I will leave as soon as I can take those two back to Germany."
Adelheid: "We've already explained to you several times that we can't go back right now."
Ulrick: "I apologize for my rudeness, but I do not believe that I am inferior to you two as magicians."
Louis: "Are you proposing to stay here in our stead?"
Ulrick: "No, bringing you and Frau home is my top priority. Afterwards, I will return here alone if deemed necessary. Is that not sufficient?"
Adelheid: "Of course not! We already said that we're not going back! And are you saying that even though you know what the situation is here!?"
Ulrick: "I have fully grasped the situation from your reports. At the very least, I would not make the mistake of being caught and hypnotized by the enemy."
Adelheid: "Wha...!"
Louis: "It's because you're honest to a fault and had to report everything."
Adelheid: "B-But it'd be much worse if we kept that a secret and they found out later..."
Ulrick: "......?"
*The Ulrick guy frowns, suspicious of their exchange.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Oh, could it be that...)
Louis: "There's no need to keep up the facade. What we need here the most is a Magie capable of taking on Lazurit."
Ulrick: "I see... So you've already revealed everything to them."
*I knew it.*
*He'd have to look suspicious in order to keep up appearances after seeing Louis, who's supposed to be the butler, badmouth Heidi.*
Ulrick: "That was rather hasty on your part, but we can leave that for later. If magic knowledge is necessary, wouldn't I be just as capable?"
*After realizing that there's no need for formalities, he quickly drops the politeness in his voice.*
Louis: "Look, we don't have the time to explain to you everything that's happened up until now."
Ulrick: "Didn't I say that I received all your reports?"
Louis: "What's happening here is not so trifling as to be understood through mere phone calls."
Ulrick: "Don't underestimate me. I understood the moment I set foot in here that this is a peculiar place."
Louis: "What does that have to do with this?"
Ulrick: "I knew that I didn't want the head of the family to remain somewhere so dangerous."
Louis: "Having witnessed everything firsthand, it'd be much more efficient to have us here than you."
Louis: "To begin with, your proposal would have all of us absent for a period of time..."
Ulrick: "It's not a question of efficiency. The family can't afford to leave the head in a place like this..."
*We're never going to get anywhere at this rate.*
*Even though they both look calm, neither of them are willing to budge.*
*I take the chance to stealthily ask Heidi another question.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is he strong?"
Adelheid: "Under no circumstances should you get violent with him."
*She answers with an unusually serious face.*
*I really shouldn't mess with him then...*
Ulrick: "Good grief. I've been told to bring you home no matter what."
Louis: "Oh? So you'll do whatever it takes?"
Adelheid: "Louis!"
*Picking up on the unsettling mood, Heidi calls out to Louis as if to restrain him.*
Louis: "I don't plan on starting a fight here. It's only because he provoked me."
Ulrick: "That wasn't meant to be a provocation."
Louis: "It sure sounded that way to me."
Ulrick: "I don't want to start a fight either. For crying out loud..."
Ulrick: "I'm neglecting my work in order to come here. Can't you put yourself in my shoes?"
Louis: "You mean to let you return to Germany as soon as possible?"
Ulrick: "Of course."
Louis: "Join us, then. The fastest way to get us to return would be to resolve the incident that's happening here."
Ulrick: "...You plan to get me wrapped up in this too?"
Louis: "I was merely suggesting the fastest way for you to go home."
Ulrick: "......"
*Troubled, he looks up at the ceiling for a moment, crosses his arms, and goes deep into thought, only to end up saying with a sigh:*
Ulrick: "...Let me think about it for a while."
Louis: "I don't mind, but you're just extending your own stay. We won't go back to Germany on any other terms."
Ulrick: "I get it, I get it. Geez, you have always been one stubborn fellow..."
*He proceeds to pick up his belongings that he left lying on the ground beside the sofa.*
Ulrick: "―Where's the guest room?"
*Being asked that, Louis turns to look at Mooko.*
Louis: "Is the east dorm fine?"
Ushio: "I think the room right beside yours should work."
Louis: "Okay, let's go."
Ulrick: "Please. Oh, and everyone, it looks like I'll be bothering you for some time."
Mutsuki: "Sure thing... Oh, you forgot something."
*She picks up the Rubik's Cube left on top of the desk and offers it to Ulrick.*
Ulrick: "It's not mine. It was here to begin with."
Mutsuki: "Huh? Really?"
Ulrick: "Yes, I was bored while waiting, so I was playing around with it. I just have to put it back to how it was, right?"
*He takes the puzzle and twists it a few times, scrambling the sides.*
*Apparently it was in a completely unsolved state to begin with.*
Ulrick: "It was probably something like this."
*He places the scrambled cube onto the table and picks up his luggage again.*
Adelheid: "Haahh... How did things turn out like this..."
Ulrick: "That's what I want to know."
*They exit the room, grumbling.*
*We have no business being here any longer either, so we follow after them.*
Ushio: "......"
*Upon leaving the room, Mooko stops walking and furrows her brow, looking back into the principal's office.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? What's wrong, Mooko?"
Ushio: "Do you remember ever seeing something like that in the principal's office before?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You mean that puzzle?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...No, I don't."
Shizuka: "Could it have been a Mist?"
Mutsuki: "If it suddenly appeared... then maybe?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Should we seal it just to be on the safe side?"
Ushio: "Yes, let's do that."
*I quickly grab the handle to the principal's office's door and open it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...What!?"
*Inside, I don't see the principal's office, but instead some random classroom.*
Ushio: "This is..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait. Calm down. Let's try this again..."
*I close the door and reopen it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "...This is the infirmary, isn't it?"
*For now, I close the door to the principal's office―or well, I guess it leads to the infirmary now.*
Mutsuki: "Uwah... It was actually a Mist?"
Ushio: "There's no other explanation."
Shizuka: "Why now of all times when Rito is gone...?"
Ushio: "Ulrick-san, was it? Do you feel any different, perhaps dizziness or fatigue?"
Ulrick: "No, not particularly. I feel fine for the time being."
Ushio: "...You don't seem too surprised about all this."
Ulrick: "I've heard all about this school from Adelheid already."
Ulrick: "I also heard that the principal is a dangerous person, so I haven't even greeted any of the administration."
Louis: "So you prioritized meeting up with us first. A wise decision."
Ushio: "...I see."
*It doesn't sound like he was lying when he said that he received the reports and had a handle on the situation.*
Adelheid: "So is this all because of the puzzle that Ulrick was fiddling with?"
Ushio: "Most likely. Timing-wise, everything points to it."
Louis: "Did you not feel your mana being drained?"
Ulrick: "Not really. I wouldn't have been able to tell if it was too little."
Louis: "...I suppose."
*Considering that he proposed staying here in place of Louis and Heidi, he must be well-versed in magic.*
Ushio: "I would assume that it's a Mist that messes up the connections between doors."
Mutsuki: "What an annoying Mist."
Ushio: "If the Mist's main body is that puzzle, then we'll have to find some way to get back to the principal's office."
Mutsuki: "...Really, what an annoying Mist."
Mitsuyoshi: "Meaning that we'll have to open doors at random."
*It sounds absolutely awful, but we don't have a choice.*
*There are still Disciplinary Committee members roaming the hallways, albeit not many, so we have to fix this soon.*
*We should've noticed before leaving the principal's office, but nothing felt off at the time.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Could one of the conditions for it to activate... be the opening and closing of a door?)
*Well, figuring it out at this point in time won't do us any good, and we have no way of confirming without Rito around.*
Shizuka: "Oh, wait. I forgot Kasumi gave me the key earlier."
*A lightbulb goes off in Murakumo's head and he pulls the Key of Janus out from his pocket.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, we can get there in one shot with that."
Shizuka: "I sure hope it'll get us there without any problems... There..."
*Murakumo turns the key in midair―but nothing happens.*
Shizuka: "Hmm...? Hey, there's no response."
Ushio: "You didn't feel like you were using any mana either?"
Shizuka: "Not at all."
*As he says that, he tries again, but this time by trying to put the key in the keyhole of the door. However, it doesn't seem to work.*
Shizuka: "...It's not working. The key's not even going in."
Adelheid: "That means the Key of Janus is being completely nullified."
Shizuka: "Nullified? Why?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Because of the Mist?"
Adelheid: "It's likely that the puzzle Mist that's activated takes precedence over the Key of Janus."
Ushio: "So you're saying that within the effective range of that puzzle, the Key of Janus won't work at all?"
Adelheid: "That's what I think."
Mutsuki: "Uwah... What a pain..."
Ushio: "Then we're really out of options. We'll have to try every door."
Louis: "...Splitting up would be faster."
Ushio: "Yes. Fortunately for us, we have quite a few people here, so let's split into three groups."
Shizuka: "Yeah, we just have to open all the doors, right?"
Ushio: "Murakumo-kun, do you have talismans on you?"
Shizuka: "Yeah, I do."
Ushio: "Since both of us have them, we should be in separate groups."
Adelheid: "Could you share some with me? If you teach me, I can probably use them."
Ushio: "Yes, of course. I was planning on asking you to do that."
*She takes a few of the usual sealing talismans out from her inner pocket and hands them to Heidi.*
*Heidi looks at them curiously and nods after seeing the pattern drawn on them.*
Adelheid: "So it's a contract type, and blood is the catalyst?"
Ushio: "Yes, one drop is more than enough. You will need to say your full name in order to activate it, and..."
*Coming from a family of magicians, she's able to tell what kind of talisman it is just from a glance.*
*It's great that this will be quick.*
Adelheid: "―Understood. I'll seal the puzzle and reconvene with you as soon as I see it."
Ushio: "That's perfect. We appreciate the help."
Adelheid: "Let's go, Louis."
Louis: "Ja. I bet you're coming along with us, aren't you?"
Ulrick: "That goes without saying."
Mutsuki: "Mkay, I'll go with Moo-chan."
Mitsuyoshi: "So I'm with Shizuka-chan then?"
Shizuka: "Don't call me that!!"
Louis: "...Hold on. Isn't it risky to have separate male and female groups?"
Mitsuyoshi: "How so?"
Louis: "We don't know if that Mist has powers other than rearranging the rooms that doors connect to."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ah, so you mean that it could potentially fly around like that music score or lamp?"
Mutsuki: "In that case, it'd be better to have a guy on the team to help catch it."
Louis: "You should go with Ushio."
Mitsuyoshi: "Me with Mooko?"
Ushio: "Huh!?"
Mutsuki: "Oh, that sounds good."
Ushio: "What!?"
Shizuka: "I don't want to be paired with Koga anyway."
Mutsuki: "All right then. Let's go, Murakumo-kun!"
Ushio: "Huh? Umm, wait, what about my opinion?"
Louis: "This is no time to get flustered. Let's get going."
*He hastily opens a door and shoves me and Mooko through it.*
*We end up in the chapel.*
Mutsuki: "Good luck, Moo-chan."
Ushio: "M-Mutsuki? I think you're misunder―"
*Perhaps because of Mooko panicking and trying to turn around, Louis uses too much force and ends up on this side of the door as well.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah."
Adelheid: "Hey, Louis!? Don't let it clo―"
Ushio: "Huh..."
Adelheid: "Louis―!?"
Mutsuki: "...He's gone, huh?"
Shizuka: "Well yeah, that was obviously the chapel. It's not like he went for a washroom break."
Adelheid: "Th-That idiot...!!"
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Louis: "...Sorry."
Mitsuyoshi: "Nah, it was an accident. Mooko was struggling too much."
Ushio: "Uu... I-I'm sorry..."
Louis: "No, this was on purpose."
Ushio: "What!?"
Louis: "I wanted to discuss something with just the three of us, so I created this situation."
Ushio: "Oh, i-is that so? That's good then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is it?"
Ushio: "It is! So what did you want to talk about?"
*She quickly changes the topic, a sign that she's regained her cool.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Well, that was definitely an aggressive move coming from Louis...)
Louis: "First, let's see if there are any doors that lead to the principal's office nearby."
Ushio: "―Indeed. Sealing the Mist is more urgent."
*Mooko nods, having returned completely back to normal. We leave the chapel.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...No, this is the audio-visual room."
Ushio: "I don't see the right door here, either."
*We manage to reach a hallway after traveling through several doors, and we walk around checking every door here.*
*However, we don't find one leading to the principal's office.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Louis."
Louis: "What?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You said there was something you wanted to talk to us about. Why only me and Mooko?"
Louis: "...Back when we were confronting each other in the chapel, you two were able to deal with the crux of the problem with straight faces."
Louis: "Adelheid's personality isn't suited for keeping secrets."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Agreed."
*She's a bit too honest and earnest, and her facial expressions easily betray her thoughts...*
Ushio: "So what is it that you wanted to tell us?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Could it be about..."
*The puzzle Mist?*
*The principal?*
Mitsuyoshi: "...the puzzle Mist that created this maze?"
Louis: "You could say that, but that's not all."
Mitsuyoshi: "...your brother?"
Louis: "I do want to talk about him, but that's not the main topic."
Mitsuyoshi: "...the principal... and the administration?"
Louis: "Essentially, yes."
Ushio: "I'm not entirely sure myself, but―"
Ushio: "Right now, the Disciplinary Committee, along with Mibu-san, is gathered in the east dorm, and we're trapped in this labyrinth within the school."
Ushio: "It's suspicious that these two events are happening at the same time. Is that what you wanted to discuss?"
Louis: "Correct."
*Nodding, he closes what appears to be another wrong door and turns to face us again.*
Louis: "If the school is planning on progressing with their plan, this is a dream come true for them."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah, you're right. Neither the Disciplinary Committee nor the Bureau can get in their way."
Ushio: "If we remove the school building and the east dorm from the picture, then that leaves the west dorm... an extremely critical location for them."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... But wait, if that train of thought is correct, what about Louis's brother?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Wasn't him activating the Mist pure coincidence?"
Louis: "I don't know, which is why I intentionally split off from him to ask for your opinions."
Ushio: "Is he acting any differently in your eyes?"
Louis: "No, not at all."
Mitsuyoshi: "He's always been that serious and strait-laced?"
Louis: "He values the views of the main family more than the head. You could call it loyalty, or maybe just plain stubbornness."
Ushio: "So his trying to drag you home is completely normal?"
Louis: "Yes. However, continuing from our theory from before, should we consider the Mist being activated by him to be a coincidence...?"
Louis: "If we're trapped here because of the administration's plans, it would be natural to think that everything related to that puzzle was planned."
Mitsuyoshi: "Which means that Tsubaki-chan being pulled away first was all part of their plan as well."
Ushio: "Yes. Mibu-san is able to tell when someone is lying, so she could easily see through an act."
Louis: "Precisely. What if everything beginning from then was orchestrated..."
Louis: "But I have no conclusive evidence, hence why I wanted to ask for your opinions. What do you think?"
Ulrick: "Haaahh... I'm supposed to be protecting the head of the family, and yet we've been separated because of this nonsense..."
*I'm the one who wants to sigh here.*
Adelheid: "If you actually want to protect him, how about you cooperate with us?"
Ulrick: "I am. He's not here either. And it's also not the principal's office."
Adelheid: "I mean even if it involves going against the main family."
Ulrick: "Are you referring to what Ludwig said earlier about the quickest way to get you two to come home?"
Adelheid: "Yes. If you went out of your way to come here, the main family must've told you to do whatever it takes to bring us back, no?"
Ulrick: "I can't deny that, but I don't intend on antagonizing you."
Ulrick: "The main family merely wants to protect the head. You know that much, right?"
Adelheid: "...That goes without saying."
*To the main Weinberger family, Louis is a valuable asset, as he was compatible enough with that fake eye to change sexes.*
*At the very least, there has been no record of that ever happening before.*
*That's why they have no choice but to be cautious when it comes to him.*
*Meaning that they can't leave him in the middle of all this trouble.*
Adelheid: "There was actually one time when I told Louis to leave while I stayed here."
Ulrick: "That was the right thing to do, and now, I'm trying to do exactly the same thing."
Ulrick: "Though I can't fathom why you abandoned that idea, choosing to involve both of you in this school's affairs."
Adelheid: "Well..."
Ulrick: "The head's safety comes first. That's why you're here, Adelheid."
Adelheid: "......"
*I know that.*
*I know that, but...*
Adelheid: (I can't just ignore what's going on here...)
*But he probably wouldn't accept that as an excuse.*
*If anything, he'd ask what's gotten into me, being swept away by my personal feelings when I'm supposed to be a shield.*
Ulrick: "...In any case, this isn't the time to be discussing that. Finding Ludwig and a way out of this situation comes first."
Adelheid: "Yes, you're right..."
Shizuka: "...No luck here. It was the cafeteria."
Mutsuki: "Same, I got a random classroom."
*Hanatate closes the door and walks towards me, looking somewhat fatigued.*
Mutsuki: "Have we already checked this entire hallway?"
Shizuka: "Yeah..."
*We've been opening doors one after another, but none of them led to the principal's office.*
*I'm starting to wonder if there even is one that'll take us there.*
Shizuka: "If only we could use this..."
*Even though I know it's useless, I can't help but take out the Key of Janus and try turning it in midair.*
*As expected, it doesn't respond or activate at all.*
Shizuka: "Guess we have to try another place."
Mutsuki: "Yeah. Gotta try them all!"
Shizuka: "You're surprisingly energetic..."
Mutsuki: "Hmm? You think so?"
Shizuka: "You looked a bit tired earlier."
Mutsuki: "Oh, I've always been quick to get back on my feet!"
Shizuka: "...Looks that way."
*She seems like the kind of person who'd be down in the dumps one minute and then acting like nothing ever happened the next.*
*I'm honestly jealous.*
Mutsuki: "We haven't run into Moo-chan either, have we? Maybe no two doors lead to the same place."
Shizuka: "It's possible, considering that we haven't seen them at all."
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan... Hey, wait! I just remembered!"
Shizuka: "Huh?"
Mutsuki: "Micchi and Michiru-chan are super close, right?"
Shizuka: "Because they're siblings."
Mutsuki: "―So Moo-chan's feeling just a little worried."
Shizuka: "But why? Aren't all siblings like that?"
Mutsuki: "...Right, you get along really well with your sister too."
Shizuka: "What's with that serious tone of voice?"
*Isn't that usually the case?*
*I've never thought of it as weird...*
Mutsuki: "So like, Moo-chan asked me for advice."
Shizuka: "Advice?"
Mutsuki: "Micchi apparently wished, 'If only Michiru were here,' and then she actually did use the Key of Janus to appear before him..."
Mutsuki: "So Moo-chan is worried that they're a bit too close."
Shizuka: "Worried, huh..."
*I don't think 'worry' is the right term to describe it.*
*Whenever Koga's involved, Shishigatani gets unusually flustered, so she's probably...*
Shizuka: (...Wait. Michiru appeared from Koga's wish because...)
*She has a ridiculous amount of mana.*
*Maybe she could even blow away this maze.*
Shizuka: (Wishing for her...)
*I stealthily touch the mark that Michiru left on my wrist.*
*Maybe this still connects to her.*
*Maybe I could do that too...*
Shizuka: (...Hey, can you hear me, Michiru?)
*I pray earnestly for her to come here if she's able to hear me.*
Shizuka: (...I guess not? Or maybe I'm not wishing hard enough...)
Shizuka: (Michiru, can you hear me? Michiru...)
Shizuka: (If you can hear me, come here! The mark you gave me is still here...!!)
Shizuka: (Please... Reach her, please! Let my voice―!!)
*......*
Mutsuki: "What's wrong, Murakumo-kun?"
Shizuka: "Huh?"
Mutsuki: "You're holding your wrist with a super serious look on your face..."
Shizuka: "......"
Mutsuki: "I was almost expecting a third eye to open up on your forehead."
Shizuka: "As if something like that would happen!"
*I was wishing for something that was just as impossible though...*
Mutsuki: "Ahaha, yeah."
Mutsuki: "...So what were you doing?"
Shizuka: "I-It was nothing. The fatigue caught up to me."
Mutsuki: "Really? That's it?"
Shizuka: "Really! L-Let's go look for that door!!"
*I knew that it was nothing more than a faint glimmer of hope...*
*But it was impossible after all.*
*...Thinking about it again with a cool head, I don't know why I thought it would ever work.*
Mutsuki: "Weirdo."
Shizuka: "......"
*What am I doing?*
*If only Hanatate never mentioned Koga summoning Michiru like that...*
Ushio: "Was Mibu-san being called away and Louis-san's brother activating the Mist all orchestrated...?"
Ushio: "...I still can't say for sure."
*Mooko responds to Louis's request for opinions while shaking her head.*
Ushio: "Nothing from their speech and conduct stood out as being connected to the administration, but..."
Ushio: "Even without conclusive evidence, I think it's safe to assume that this was organized, considering the current situation."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, the timing is too convenient for me to think otherwise."
Louis: "...For sure."
Mitsuyoshi: "By the way, what sort of position does your brother hold? You're the actual head of the family, right?"
Louis: "Ulrick is my backup."
Mitsuyoshi: "What do you mean?"
Louis: "This Magie's eye is passed down from generation to generation between the heads of the Weinberger family. We've already talked about that, right?"
*Mooko and I nod, prompting him to continue.*
Louis: "In the event that anything happens to me, he will be the next recipient of the fake eye."
Louis: "That's why Adelheid was so shocked when she saw him in the principal's office."
Louis: "We never would've expected him, the backup owner of this fake eye, to show up to the place they keep telling us to evacuate from."
Ushio: "Do you have any idea why the Weinberger family might have sent such an important person all this way?"
Louis: "My guess would be because he's the most suited for the job. He was probably told that if I didn't cooperate, he should use any means necessary to get me back."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see..."
Ushio: "Was your greater magical prowess the reason why you received the eye even though he's older than you?"
Louis: "No. To begin with, we aren't even related by blood."
Mitsuyoshi: "Really!? I thought you two didn't look alike."
Ushio: "So since both of you were compatible with the eye, you both joined the main family and became stepbrothers?"
Louis: "Basically. I was chosen as the successor simply because I had a higher affinity with the eye."
*The Weinberger family sure is complicated.*
*It goes to show just how powerful and important the eye that Louis inherited is...*
Ushio: "...If we suppose that Ulrick-san intentionally trapped us within this maze, I have to wonder what made him do that."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, he wants you to go back to Germany, and the school wants as few enemies as possible, so their interests align there."
Louis: "Even then, I find it hard to believe that that would be enough for them to cooperate."
*He shakes his head at my statement.*
Louis: "He should know what the school is trying to do from Adelheid's reports. There's no way he would help them."
Ushio: "It's an utter crime after all. He wouldn't do anything to damage the Weinberger family's name."
Louis: "Yeah. It's one thing to go against the family's wishes, but based on his personality, it's not something he would do."
Mitsuyoshi: "Right, he knows what the principal's up to..."
Louis: "The Weinberger family prioritizes the safety of the head more than the problems at this school."
Louis: "Ulrick helping them out would be putting the cart before the horse."
Ushio: "Which would mean that the most likely explanation is..."
*He's testing the Bureau*
*He's been hypnotized*
*It's part of his plan to bring Louis home*
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe it's like what Heidi did when you two got here? He's trying to test us and see how we deal with Mists."
Louis: "How would that benefit him in any way? Ulrick didn't come here looking for a Mist."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, right..."
Ushio: "It's hypnosis, Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Could it be that the principal hypnotized him...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe he was trying to separate Louis from us and then forcefully drag you home?"
Louis: "But it would be hard for him to leave the school without dealing with the Mist in the principal's office."
Mitsuyoshi: "Right, that'd just end up wasting his time."
Ushio: "My guess is that he has been hypnotized."
Louis: "...Yeah. Purposely creating this maze would only delay our return to Germany. It doesn't align with his goal."
Ushio: "If he still decided that it wouldn't matter if you were delayed..."
Louis: "It's highly likely that he's already made contact with the school's administration. As I mentioned before, it doesn't make sense, and the only way that would happen is if he were hypnotized."
*However, he continues talking, as it looks like there's something that still doesn't make sense to him.*
Louis: "But we already mentioned to him that we had been hypnotized before. He even said so. How could he let it happen to himself...?"
Louis: "At the very least, he's strong enough to not lose to a homunculus..."
*Upon hearing that, Mooko's eyes widen.*
Ushio: "Perhaps he couldn't do anything about it even though he was on his guard?"
Mitsuyoshi: "He couldn't do anything... Oh! Like when the principal got away..."
*The perfume showers Rito... or at least it was supposed to.*
*The seat she was sitting in is empty and the back of the sofa is hit by the perfume.*
*Back then, the principal disappeared in an instant.*
*If he was up against some sort of teleportation like that...*
Louis: "That sounds like the most plausible explanation."
*He sighs heavily.*
Ushio: "So basically―"
*Mooko begins to speak while rubbing her fingers along her chin.*
Ushio: "We think that a Magie capable of controlling time is on their side. That person used their powers on Ulrick-san, stopping time and catching him off guard..."
Ushio: "...Ulrick-san was then hypnotized to believe that cooperating with the principal was the right thing to do, correct?"
Mitsuyoshi: "We need to get rid of that hypnosis soon then, or else we'll be in an even bigger mess. What's the plan?"
Ushio: "At this point, it's merely a hypothesis. We can't deny that it could all be a huge coincidence."
Mitsuyoshi: "We have no proof... and nothing clearly indicates that he's connected to the enemy."
Louis: "Well... even if he does say or do something to hint at that, we should pretend to not notice for the time being."
Louis: "Or rather, there's nothing we can do other than that. He's not someone we can fight head-on, and there's nothing we can do without a plan."
Mitsuyoshi: "What happens if we do end up in a situation where we have to fight him unprepared?"
Louis: "Then we run."
Mitsuyoshi: "He's that strong? Heidi also said that we shouldn't go up against him."
Louis: "He used to be an elite in the state police force. If you take him on without much thought, you'll end up with more than a few broken ribs."
Mitsuyoshi: "He was a policeman before he became a magician!?"
Ushio: "In any case, we can't do anything without first getting back to the principal's office and sealing that Mist."
Louis: "Indeed. Otherwise, we'll be stuck in this maze for eternity."
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't joke about that..."
*I say that as I open a couple more doors, but none of them lead to our goal.*
*After all the misses, I sure hope this doesn't mean that we can't go back to that original room.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh, it happened again."
Ushio: "What did?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It looks like if you open and close a door, the room behind the door changes..."
*I open and close a door in the meanwhile.*
Mitsuyoshi: "But sometimes, if I close and reopen a door, the room inside doesn't change. I wonder why."
*If Rito were here, we could find out the answer immediately, but unfortunately she's not.*
Ushio: "―Koga-kun! Don't close that door!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
*I immediately stop the door from closing and open it wide again.*
*Of course, the room inside is the same classroom that it was moments ago.*
Ushio: "Leave it open like that."
*She gives me that order and then proceeds to open and close a nearby door.*
*Wondering what's up, Louis also stops and watches her.*
Ushio: "...I knew it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Did you figure something out?"
Ushio: "The rooms don't get shuffled unless all of the doors are closed."
*She walks into a classroom and takes a chair, propping it up against the door to keep it open.*
Ushio: "There. Now, the rooms behind each door won't change."
Louis: "...Oh? So if we leave all of them open, the rooms won't swap with each other."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's what it was!?"
*Up until now, we've been closing all the doors we've opened.*
*Now that we know that, we leave open all of the doors that we try, and―*
Mitsuyoshi: "―Bingo!"
*It took quite a bit of time, but we finally manage to return to the principal's office.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn, this wasted so much time."
Louis: "Where's the puzzle?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Sitting quietly over there."
*The Rubik's Cube is sitting on top of the table, just as Ulrick had left it.*
Ushio: "Let's seal―"
Louis: "No, wait."
Mitsuyoshi: "Why? They could be doing something in the west dorm, right? We should seal it and check if anything's going on over there."
Louis: "If Ulrick is truly our enemy and he attacks us while we're heading there, we have no way of defending ourselves."
Ushio: "...That does sound dangerous."
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you going to call some Mist then, Louis?"
Louis: "Is there anything that might be useful?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I don't remember the name, but there were these golden ring-like things that render a person immobile if you say their name out loud."
*Murakumo used it against us in the incident that made him end up as our errand boy.*
*...Though you could also say that it's the incident that led to Mooko finding out my real name.*
Ushio: "...Yes, I remember."
Mitsuyoshi: "Could we use that?"
Ushio: "I believe it was called Serpent."
Louis: "There was something that convenient? That's perfect then."
*He holds his hand out and closes his eyes as if he were wishing very hard for something.*
*...But nothing appears.*
Ushio: "You can't summon it?"
Louis: "...There was no response."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, could it be because of this puzzle Mist? Like what happened with the Key of Janus."
Ushio: "No, for Mists, precedence takes effect when they are activated, which is only after they've already been summoned."
Mitsuyoshi: "So it shouldn't affect them being summoned?"
Ushio: "As far as I know, it shouldn't matter..."
Ushio: "Meaning that it's already been summoned by someone else... or perhaps... it's been sealed."
Louis: "I'll try some other Mist. Hyter Sprite works."
*He holds out his hand again, but the pocketwatch never shows up.*
Louis: "...It's useless. No response again."
*Murakumo had sealed it after we used it, but it's already been well over three days. The sealing talisman should've worn off by now.*
Mitsuyoshi: "So it got sealed again?"
Ushio: "Yes... It just so happens that my prediction was spot on."
*―If she went into the treasury and placed one of these onto every Mist, they wouldn't respond for at least three days...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, you did mention that, but if all of the Mists were sealed, then that's a boatload..."
Ushio: "If they went out of their way to use talismans that only work for three days, they must really not want any Mists to get in their way."
Ushio: "The administration must be planning to do something in these coming three days. I'm sure something's in the works."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, then that means we should head over to the west dorm..."
*Hearing me say that, Louis takes a couple seconds to think about something before opening his mouth to speak.*
Louis: "Give me ten minutes."
Mitsuyoshi: "What for?"
Louis: "I'll be able to use my Magie powers for about two to three hours after that. I should be able to handle Ulrick with them."
Mitsuyoshi: "Magie powers? You mean like the one that blew Momo-senpai away?"
Louis: "Yeah, that's right. It takes time for the mana in my right eye to flow throughout my body."
*His right eye... The fake eye beneath his eyepatch has the powers of a Magie sealed within it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Right, you collapsed last time because you tried to use it too quickly."
Louis: "Because my body couldn't endure it. It would've been bad for me if I couldn't settle it in one blow."
Ushio: "...It doesn't look like we have any other choice."
Mitsuyoshi: "We'll have to wait then..."
*It's certainly better than blindly going out there and getting wiped out.*
*None of the others are suspicious of Ulrick either.*
*Rushing won't do us any good, so I sit down on the sofa and wait patiently.*
Mutsuki: "Ah! I found Moo-chan!"
*Hearing rapid footsteps from beyond the door we left open, I see Hanatate come flying in.*
Shizuka: "We finally made it..."
*An exhausted Murakumo follows after her.*
Ushio: "You both must be tired."
Shizuka: "...Huh, what are you doing? Why didn't you seal it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Waiting on Louis."
Ushio: "He will be able to use his Magie powers in a few minutes."
Mutsuki: "Oh, really!? You're gathering up your energy?"
Louis: "Yes. We'd like to have as many safety nets as possible."
Shizuka: "I see... Guess I'll take a short break."
*Looking quite drained, he stretches out his arms in order to unwind.*
Ushio: "Let's not disturb Louis-san while he's focusing."
Mutsuki: "Roger that."
*Mooko beckons us and we leave Louis alone on the sofa.*
*She then tells Murakumo and Hanatate about how apparently all of the Mists in the treasury have been sealed.*
Shizuka: "Seriously...? I'm amazed they did something so tedious..."
Ushio: "It just means that they have a reason for going so far."
Mutsuki: "It's like how we were before. We had no other options so we opened all the doors!"
Shizuka: "Hmm, it sure serves them right if they were in the same position."
Ushio: "Had no other options...?"
*Mooko repeats what Hanatate said for some reason and furrows her brow.*
Mutsuki: "Hmm? Did you think of something?"
Louis: "―Sorry to keep you waiting."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh? You're charged up now?"
Louis: "Yeah, please seal it."
*He stands up and points at the Mist.*
Shizuka: "Want me to do it?"
Ushio: "...If you would."
*It seems that Mooko is busy racking her brain over something, so Murakumo takes out a talisman and places it on the puzzle.*
Shizuka: "―Time, halt."
Mutsuki: "Having to cut your hand and use blood sounds annoying."
Shizuka: "It's not too bad once you get used to it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Stop trying to act cool and try out the key, Shizuka-chan."
Shizuka: "Stop calling me that!! ...Does the Bureau office work?"
*In spite of his complaints, he takes out the Key of Janus and turns it randomly in the air.*
Shizuka: "Oh, it works."
*Opening the door, we see that it does indeed lead to the Bureau.*
*The effect of the puzzle Mist is gone.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's sealed now."
*Looking back, it seems that Mooko is discussing something with Louis.*
Ushio: "There's somewhere I want to stop by before we head to the west dorm."
*At Mooko's suggestion, we come to the bronze statue that I broke.*
*It's still broken and hasn't been repaired, of course.*
Mutsuki: "I can't believe that you're strong enough to break this, Micchi."
Mitsuyoshi: "It was because you fell―or well, Omaru was inside you back then."
Mutsuki: "Ahahaha, it's hard to think of him as someone else when I can be just as clumsy."
Shizuka: "I think falling out of a window goes well past being clumsy..."
Louis: "......"
Ushio: "There was originally a seal here that prevented Mists from leaving the treasury."
*I broke that, and ever since then, the chance of a Mist escaping into the school has skyrocketed.*
Ushio: "No matter how I look at it, I can't help but think that reinforcing the seal here would've been faster than sealing each Mist in the treasury individually."
Ushio: "And yet the school didn't do that... Is there some reason why?"
*As Mooko talks, Louis occasionally nods as he walks around the statue, perhaps to indicate that he's listening.*
*After inspecting it right down to the pedestal, he turns to face Mooko and begins to speak.*
Louis: "This statue right now is nothing more than an ordinary statue..."
Louis: "But my guess is that there are a certain number of items like this with strong magical properties placed around the school grounds, and the seal manifests at the center of these points."
Louis: "If that's the case, there's only one reason why they didn't repair it... Because it would hinder a similar setup with several magical components elsewhere."
Ushio: "So you're saying that if this were repaired, it would interfere with another spell?"
*Come to think of it, he mentioned something about that before.*
*Mooko brought us here in order to confirm that, huh?*
Louis: "Correct. They must've decided that that spell was more important."
Ushio: "It means that they still have a trick up their sleeve. I should've noticed sooner..."
*She bites her lip.*
*Hanatate comforts her, saying that it's not her fault.*
Mitsuyoshi: "If I broke this statue again, would it do anything to their spell?"
Louis: "It's just a normal statue now, so it'd be pointless."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm, right..."
Ushio: "...Are there any clues about what that other spell is?"
Louis: "There must be some sort of magical mechanism secretly installed somewhere in the school which passes through here."
Louis: "The question becomes where..."
Mutsuki: "That being said, all we know is that it's somewhere on campus, right?"
Louis: "Yeah. However, since they're trying to keep us at arm's length, it would be a good idea to check the west dorm."
Shizuka: "If they were going to do something, it'd have to be there, huh... Let's get going."
*As he says that, he takes the Key of Janus out of his pocket.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You can still use the key?"
Shizuka: "I can use it a few more times. Well then..."
Adelheid: "Louis―!!"
*Before Murakumo manages to turn the key, we hear Heidi's voice coming from the school.*
Ulrick: "We finally found you! Are you okay? You are, right?"
*Heidi and Ulrick both run towards Louis.*
Louis: "Perfect timing. Let's settle things once and for all here."
*Mooko hurriedly runs up to him and asks in a hushed voice:*
Ushio: "What are you going to do if we assumed wrongly and he's not our enemy?"
Louis: "I'll make sure I hold back. He'll end up unconscious for a few minutes at most."
Shizuka: "What's going on?"
Mitsuyoshi: "―Stand back."
*Figuring that it's probably the same attack that knocked Momo-senpai out, I give him a warning.*
*He picks up on my meaning and takes a few steps backwards, shielding Hanatate with his body.*
*On the other hand, Louis walks forward, standing between us and Ulrick.*
Louis: "Adelheid! Get away from Ulrick!!"
*He says that sternly to Heidi, who immediately obliges.*
Louis: "Don't think badly of me for this―"
*A thud resonates in the air.*
*Of course, that attack isn't directed towards us―however, Ulrick continues to remain standing, unaffected by it.*
Louis: "...What?"
Ulrick: "Were you trying to attack me just now?"
*He says that coolly and slowly walks up to Louis.*
Louis: "......! Koga! Have everyone evacuate!!"
*For a moment, he looked shaken by this turn of events, but he soon shouts that at me.*
*Without taking his eyes off of Ulrick, he moves in order to distance himself from us.*
*Another thud. Apparently, he released another shockwave.*
*But again, it doesn't affect Ulrick at all.*
Louis: "Hurry! Take care of Adelheid for me!!"
Adelheid: "Huh...!? Wait, what!?"
Louis: "Hurry up and go!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey! Murakumo, the key!!"
Shizuka: "O-Okay!!"
*He already had the key in hand and turns it, opening a door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Quickly! You too, Heidi!!"
Adelheid: "What's going on...!?"
*I pull on the dumbfounded Heidi's arm and forcefully shove her through the door.*
Mitsuyoshi: (What about Louis...? Damn it...!)
*In order to prevent his stepbrother from following us, Louis is still staring him down, inching away from the door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Looks like he's not coming with us...!!"
*I close the door after confirming that everyone else went through.*
*He acted quickly.*
*I knew that Koga would be reliable at times like these.*
*I was right in choosing those two to consult with.*
Louis: (Anyway...)
*Things couldn't be any worse.*
*Why was he completely unaffected by my attacks?*
*Noticing my puzzlement, Ulrick gives me a sarcastic smile.*
Ulrick: "You didn't know about this."
*He partially takes off his glove as he says that.*
*It reveals a bracelet around his wrist.*
Ulrick: "This is a magical item that the head of the family is absolutely forbidden from knowing about."
Louis: "A magical item..."
*Based on the way he said that, I can tell that it's something that the Weinberger family owns, not a Mist.*
Louis: (But if it's kept a secret from the head...)
*It must be a special tool for when the Weinberger family determines that the head is acting against their best interests.*
*No wonder my powers didn't work.*
Louis: (Which means that I'm completely at a disadvantage here...)
*I should try to escape as soon as I can, but I wonder if Ulrick will give me that opportunity.*
Ulrick: "I trust that your misgivings have been cleared now."
Louis: "Yeah, clear as day."
Ulrick: "I'll ask you again then. Why did you attack me? I thought I asked you to give me some time to think about how to bring you back home."
Ulrick: "Or was it perhaps for some other reason...?"
*He gradually approaches me as he questions me.*
*As I told Koga, he isn't someone I want to fight in close-range combat...*
Louis: (He's willing to talk at least... In that case...)
Louis: "Was it a coincidence that you activated that magical tool that created the maze?"
Ulrick: "Coincidence? What do you mean?"
Louis: "Did you only fiddle with it because you didn't know it was a Mist? Was it just to pass the time?"
Ulrick: "Didn't I say that already?"
*It sounds like he doesn't understand the intent of my question.*
*Does he actually not know, or...*
Louis: "I never saw you as a person to play with other people's belongings. Why did you decide to do that?"
Ulrick: "Because I was waiting for you for so long. Besides, it was placed in front of the guest sofa."
Louis: "You didn't question it at all?"
Ulrick: "What do you mean?"
Louis: "You never thought about why there would be something like that there?"
Ulrick: "Not really. I didn't think it was anything more than a child's plaything."
Louis: "...'Child', huh?"
*I got him. But at the same time, a feeling of despair wells up within me.*
Louis: "You slipped up."
*I'm not certain that it was a mistake.*
*However, I'll most likely know the answer based on how he reacts now.*
Ulrick: "......"
*All I wanted to do was to bait him―*
*He goes quiet for a moment before suddenly rushing towards me, closing the distance between us.*
Louis: "―!!"
*I knew that he'd come for me, but I can't fight back, and he pushes me to the ground.*
Ulrick: "I see. The reports never mentioned that the principal was a child. That was indeed my mistake."
*...He fell for it.*
*Now it's painfully obvious that he's on their side.*
Louis: "You know that the principal has the appearance of a child... which means that you've already met her."
Louis: "Earlier in the principal's office, you said that you never met any of the administration..."
*He has no reason to lie about that.*
*As we had surmised, he's been hypnotized and is cooperating with them...*
Louis: (I was expecting this, but things are really bad for me now...)
*I can't hold a candle to him when it comes to physical combat.*
*I'm pinned down and can't move a muscle.*
*That being said, given his role, he still probably can't cause any harm to me.*
*Currently, that is the one silver lining, and my sole advantage...*
*If only... there were some way I could relay this one piece of information to the Bureau...*
Ulrick: "Not to worry. I haven't told them about your real identity―that you're actually the head of the family."
Ulrick: "I was told that the two of you were causing trouble for the school, but my main objective is to have you safely return to Germany..."
Ulrick: "I wouldn't do anything to put you in danger."
*He places a hand over my right eye.*
*Realizing that it's the hand with the bracelet, I try to turn my head away, but...*
Ulrick: "This item isn't meant to be used to nullify your powers, Ludwig."
Louis: "...! Stop it!!"
Ulrick: "By the name of the founder of the Weinbergers, I command the crimson eye of eternity: slumber unto the Magie."
*I can feel the red light emanating from my eye fading away.*
*The Magie power coursing through my body disappears.*
*At the same time, drowsiness overwhelms me.*
Louis: "Ugh..."
Ulrick: "Ah, because of your affinity with your right eye, you're also affected by the Magie's slumber. How convenient."
Ulrick: "Sleep and behave yourself for me."
Mutsuki: "―H-He's collapsed!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn, he didn't get away, huh..."
*We had retreated to the west dorm, our original destination, using the Key of Janus.*
*However, in order to calm the worried Heidi down, Hanatate and I came to the breezeway above the quad to check on Louis's condition.*
*She borrowed the Key of Janus from Murakumo to get here.*
*I don't have any mana to begin with.*
Mutsuki: "What do we do...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Louis said that our only choice would be to run if we had to face him... We definitely don't have a fighting chance."
Mitsuyoshi: "We have to retrieve him somehow though..."
Mutsuki: "So we'll have to run like the wind!"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's our only option. Can you open a door as close to Louis as possible?"
Mutsuki: "Okay, I'll give it a shot!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Try to turn the key quietly so that Ulrick doesn't notice. I'll take care of it somehow from there."
Mutsuki: "All right, here goes nothing..."
*Hanatate slowly turns the key in midair, trying to make as little noise as possible.*
*A door appears with a faint unlocking sound.*
*I turn the knob and burst through it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―Pardon the intrusion!!"
*The moment I'm through, Ulrick looks up in surprise and I kick some sand from the ground into his face.*
Ulrick: "......!!"
*He immediately shields his eyes with his arm and nimbly steps backwards, defending himself from an imminent attack.*
*However, I have no intention of attacking him at all, and I instead pick up Louis with one arm and leap back through the open door.*
Mutsuki: "Nice! We did it!!"
*Seeing us return, Hanatate pulls out the key and the door vanishes.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's still dangerous here. Let's head back."
Mutsuki: "Sure thing! The west dorm, right?"
*She uses the key once again and opens another door.*
Louis: "...Koga."
*He seems extremely drowsy, probably because of some spell that forced him to sleep.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, how are you feeling?"
Louis: "He's... on their side..."
*He sounds delirious and on the verge of falling asleep.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure looks that way..."
Mutsuki: "Door's open."
*She swings it open and beckons me through.*
*For now, we move from the breezeway to the west dorm.*
Mutsuki: "Okay, mission complete!"
*She removes the key and closes the door.*
*All of the students here have already gone back home, so it's empty.*
*At the moment, nothing appears to be out of place.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Where are Mooko and the others?"
Mutsuki: "They should be close by."
*As she says that, Heidi pokes her head out from around a corner and comes running out, looking pale as a ghost.*
Adelheid: "―Louis!!"
*I thought that Louis was unconscious, but he raises his head slightly in reaction to Heidi's voice.*
Adelheid: "Louis!? Are you all right!?"
Louis: "Right eye... forced to sleep..."
Adelheid: "Right eye? You mean the Magie's?"
Louis: "There's... a magical tool..."
Adelheid: "Ulrick has it, right? Okay, you don't have to talk anymore if it's too hard for you."
Louis: "Adelheid... Can you do it... by yourself?"
Adelheid: "...! Yes, I'll be fine. Leave it to me. I'll show you what I'm capable of."
*Heidi nods over and over at Louis's words.*
Louis: "Talk it over... with Ushio... Make good use... of... your knowledge..."
*His voice ends there, as if a thread had snapped, and he faints.*
Adelheid: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Is he going to be okay?"
Adelheid: "He's just asleep."
*She answers in a surprisingly calm tone of voice.*
*I thought that she'd be more flustered.*
*She clenches her fists in frustration.*
Adelheid: "But since he asked if I could handle it alone, he probably won't wake up for a while..."
*Her voice is serious.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...I see."
Adelheid: "We have to find some place where he can sleep safely..."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's possible that Ulrick might come to recapture him, since he's asleep."
Adelheid: "Yes, he came to Japan in order to bring Louis back home after all."
Mutsuki: "Micchi, are you able to keep carrying him on your back?"
Mitsuyoshi: "He's light, so it's fine. There's nowhere he can sleep in the west dorm anyway."
Adelheid: "You're right... It may be deserted, but who knows what they have set up here..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You haven't found anything that the school might've placed here yet?"
Adelheid: "Unfortunately, no. Everyone's in the middle of searching, but..."
*She suddenly gasps and looks puzzled.*
Adelheid: "If we still haven't found anything here after searching this much, could it be somewhere else instead...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "But we didn't see anything strange even after all that walking we did throughout the school building, and the Disciplinary Committee is at the east dorm..."
Adelheid: "Yeah... The school building..."
Adelheid: "Wait! What about the space with the broken magic circle!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's a different..."
*Something comes to mind before I finish my thought.*
Adelheid: "Wasn't that below the dorms!?"
Fuhito: "I see. They took him back, huh? That's too bad."
Ulrick: "Yeah, I was careless. A door appeared out of nowhere."
Fuhito: "Hmm, that's the work of the Key of Janus!"
Ulrick: "The Key of Janus... Ah, that's the Mist they tried to use in the maze."
Fuhito: "Indeed! It was originally mine, but they stole it from me! It makes things so inconvenient!"
Fuhito: "By the way, I know that you want to pursue them, but could I ask you to help me with something first?"
Ulrick: "I don't mind. In any case, the biggest obstacle is gone."
Fuhito: "That's good to hear! Ha ha ha!"
Fuhito: "Let's move somewhere else for a bit."
Ulrick: "......"
Fuhito: "You're amazing! I made the right choice in recruiting you!!"
Fuhito: "You really helped us out by buying time. Thanks to you, our preparations are almost complete!"
Ulrick: "...Is that so?"
Fuhito: "That mirror Mist takes a long time to activate, but its effect is well worth the wait, ha ha ha!"
Ulrick: "Mirror?"
Fuhito: "Yes, we have a mirror that displays someone very beneficial to us! The only problem is how much time it needs!"
Fuhito: "...Oh, we're here."
Ulrick: "What is this place?"
Fuhito: "The Disciplinary Committee office! Could you wait here for a moment?"
Ulrick: "Sure, but what happens after?"
Fuhito: "A sealed homunculus will appear here: our very own Disciplinary Committee chairwoman, Shogoin Momoka-san! I want you to remove the seal!"
Fuhito: "I'm quite certain that those two were the ones who sealed her!! As colleagues, I'm sure you would know how to break the seal, right?"
Ulrick: "Understood, but what do you mean by appear?"
Fuhito: "Hehehe, it's... the power of a great spell!! Ha ha ha ha!!"
Fuhito: "Once the seal is undone, you can head to the chapel. If they don't move right away, then the lady and her butler should be in that area!"
Ulrick: "...I see. That's good news."
Fuhito: "Well then, if you'll excuse me―Oh, I almost forgot!"
Fuhito: "There's one more thing I wanted to ask from you. If you do go to the chapel, there's something I want you to recover for me."
Fuhito: "You don't have to prioritize it over your own business, but it's something very important to us."
Ulrick: "Let's hear it."
Fuhito: "Really, I couldn't have asked for anyone better!! Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha...!!"
Shizuka: "It worked."
*After regrouping, Hanatate returns the key and Murakumo uses it to open a door to that other world.*
Mutsuki: "Whoa, this is amazing..."
*This place is as mysterious as always.*
*The magic circle that brought about the Realm of Night used to be here.*
*It's bright enough to make me think that everything here is radiating light and vast enough that I can't tell how far it stretches.*
*By the way, evening doesn't exist here. When night falls, everything goes dark as if the lights were suddenly switched off.*
Adelheid: "...Are you not feeling tired?"
*We can't leave Louis behind, so I ended up carrying him on my back the entire time, and Heidi can't help but wonder.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm fine. He's pretty light."
Shizuka: "He's stupidly strong so there's no need to worry."
Adelheid: "...I'll leave him to you then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure thing."
*As Heidi said, Louis doesn't seem to be in any pain. He's just asleep.*
Ushio: "Now then, we don't know what sort of mechanism they've set up, but we should try to find it as soon as possible."
Ushio: "However, considering where we are, make sure you don't wander far enough that you lose sight of everyone else."
Mutsuki: "Roger!"
Shizuka: "There's nothing but weird stuff here. We can assume that anything with something resembling a magic circle on it is suspicious, right?"
Adelheid: "Let me know if you do find something like that. Reading the runes will tell us what kind of spell it is."
Ushio: "Keep in mind that it might not be something so obvious."
Ushio: "Strange statues or the like... Basically, report anything that feels like it stands out."
Shizuka: "Okay. Let's get to it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't get lost."
Shizuka: "Right back at you, bastard."
*With that, he walks away in the opposite direction.*
Adelheid: "...Should I interpret their foul discourse to be their way of starting their engines?"
Ushio: "You wouldn't be wrong if you did."
*Heidi and Mooko are having an unsettling conversation behind me, but I pretend not to hear it.*
Mutsuki: "What huge mushrooms!"
*Hanatate stares at the mushroom forest.*
Mutsuki: "These won't move on their own, right?"
Ushio: "I don't think so, but you shouldn't touch them carelessly."
Mutsuki: "Okay."
Mutsuki: "...Hmm? Hey, Moo-chan, those rocks over there look like they're glowing... Kyaa!?"
Ushio: "Mutsuki!?"
*Hanatate suddenly shrieks and rolls out from a thicket.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What happened!?"
Mutsuki: "Oww... A weird creature sent me flying."
Ushio: "A weird creature?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ugh, not them again..."
*It's the same ones from when Furoya and I wandered in here.*
Shizuka: "What was that scream? What happened?"
Adelheid: "Did something happen!?"
*Murakumo and Heidi come running from a distance after hearing the two girls' voices.*
Shizuka: "Oh, it's just Kasumi's playmates."
Ushio: "But Mutsuki said that they sent her flying..."
Shizuka: "They attacked her!? No way!"
Adelheid: "...It doesn't seem like they're coming towards us. Mutsuki, what did you do?"
Mutsuki: "I wanted to go up to those glowing rocks over there, but they knocked me back."
Mitsuyoshi: "Glowing rocks?"
Mutsuki: "On the other side of those monsters. You can kind of see them from here."
Ushio: "...That light...!"
Adelheid: "...Yes, it looks like the light given off by Lazurit Bloodstones."
Ushio: "Mutsuki, do you remember what those rocks looked like?"
Mutsuki: "They were pretty big, and there were a bunch of them spread out on the ground. You know, like that landmark in England."
Ushio: "Stonehenge?"
Mutsuki: "Yeah, that!"
Adelheid: "Stonehenge also contains magical properties. If they're positioned similarly, it's possible that they're being used for some ritual."
Mitsuyoshi: "We'll have to check it out then."
Shizuka: "What do we do about Kasumi's friends? I wonder why they're attacking anyone who approaches."
Mutsuki: "Would they listen to Murakumo-san?"
Adelheid: "No, they're probably homunculi, so it won't work if the administration already ordered them to do this."
Mutsuki: "I see. We'll need to have them move out of the way somehow."
Ushio: "...There's only one way out of this then."
*She takes her fingers away from her jaw and faces me as she says that.*
Ushio: "Someone is going to have to be a decoy and lure those monsters away so that we can investigate."
Mitsuyoshi: "I thought you'd say that..."
*As I'm about to pass Louis off to Murakumo, a blindingly bright light suddenly emanates from the mushroom forest.*
Mutsuki: "Wh-What!?"
Ushio: "This is―!!"
*The light paints a diagram on the ground as if it were following some sort of instructions, expanding to reach our feet.*
Adelheid: "A magic circle!? It's coming from the stones!"
*Heidi shouts that as she looks around at the ground where we're all standing.*
Ushio: "What kind of spell is it!?"
Adelheid: "I don't know! It's too big for me to read!!"
*She strains her eyes, trying to determine whatever she can based on what's around her feet.*
Shizuka: "Hey!! We're smack in the middle of it, you know!"
*The circle continues to grow at an accelerating rate, and it becomes so large that I can't even tell where it ends anymore.*
Mitsuyoshi: "There's nowhere to run...!!"
*I look around to see if there's anything we can do, but there's no way out.*
*And then―*
*Light shoots out from the circle like a geyser, and all I can see is white...*
Fuhito: "Hahahaha... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!!"
Fuhito: "My patience was wearing thin... Hehehe."
Fuhito: "Now!!!! The time has come once again for it to appear!! The Realm of Night!! And all who inhabit it!!!!"
Fuhito: "Transcending space-time and even the will of God! A great spell will reactivate right here and now!"
Fuhito: "Ehehe... Hehehehe... Ahahahaha! Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!"
*.........*
*......*
*...*
*A bell... That bell...*
*The night bell...*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!?"
*Startled by the sound of the bell, I rouse my body.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wha... This is...!?"
*It's a familiar location.*
*If I remember correctly... right, this is underneath the chapel.*
*I instantly recognize it as the place where the principal locked us up that one time, but I have no idea when and how we were brought here.*
Ushio: "Huh...!? Why...?"
*Mooko gets up beside me, and I see that Murakumo is a short distance away.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Louis is... Oh, he's here."
*I was scared for a second that he was taken away, but he's collapsed behind me, still fast asleep.*
Ushio: "Koga-kun!? Why are we...!?"
Shizuka: "What... When did...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I don't know. I only woke up just now too."
Ushio: "This place, and these members... It's the same as that time..."
*The night of the Day of the Eclipse.*
*We were knocked out and trapped here...*
Mitsuyoshi: "You're right. It's the exact same situation."
Ushio: "...Let's get outside!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, the ceiling opens up, if memory serves."
Shizuka: "Over there."
*Murakumo and I shift the ceiling panel and push it open.*
Shizuka: "It's just like last time, and it's giving me the creeps..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...You can say that again."
*When we get out, we find a dumbstruck Heidi and a confused Hanatate there to greet us.*
Mutsuki: "Oh, Micchi. Hey, what's going on?"
Adelheid: "What about Louis? Is he with you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, he's safe."
Ushio: "Please pull me up!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Come over."
*Mooko extends her arms and I help her up. After glancing around the chapel, she hurriedly rushes over to the door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, what's the matter? Murakumo, I'm leaving Louis to you!"
Shizuka: "Okay!"
*She's clearly acting strangely, so I chase after her.*
Ushio: "―......"
Mitsuyoshi: "No way...!!"
*On the other side of the door that Mooko opened is a familiar scene... one that we haven't seen in a long time: the Realm of Night...*
Ushio: "Mutsuki, how are you feeling?"
Mutsuki: "Huh? Oh, I'm perfectly fine."
Ushio: "So it doesn't seem like they're forcefully summoning the Night students..."
Mutsuki: "Oh right! I was..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're still you. It looks like the administration hasn't completely reached their end goal yet."
Ushio: "...Let's think about what's happened so far."
*With a serious look on her face, Mooko suppresses her anxiety and returns to her usual tone of voice as she goes back into the chapel.*
Adelheid: "I don't think it's as simple as us being transferred here from that other world."
Ushio: "I agree. If that were the case, they probably would've taken Louis-san away from us―"
Ushio: "And it's strange that Adelheid-san and Mutsuki were the only ones who weren't underground."
Mitsuyoshi: "...It's like they're trying to re-enact what happened last time."
Mutsuki: "Last time?"
Ushio: "A while ago, we were caught in a trap set by the administration and sent down there."
Ushio: "Back then, it was the exact same group of people: me, Koga-kun, Louis-san, and Murakumo-kun."
Ushio: "Also, the ones in the chapel were Adelheid-san... and Karasuma-kun."
Mutsuki: "So everything was exactly the same, aside from me being back to normal?"
Adelheid: "...What if it's not only the people and the situation that are the same...?"
Ushio: "I have an extremely bad feeling about this, but I can't think of any other possibility."
Shizuka: "What did you come up with?"
Ushio: "That everything else is the same as back then. What if it's not just us..."
Ushio: "...and other students were also transferred to where they were on that day..."
Shizuka: "You mean all the ones who went back home!?"
Ushio: "The school needs the west dorm students, so let's assume that it's at least those ones."
*She checks her watch and nods.*
Ushio: "It's not that time has been turned back. If it was, then Karasuma-kun would be here instead of Mutsuki."
Adelheid: "It's merely the state of affairs that has been reset to the Day of the Eclipse, then."
Shizuka: "Is that really possible though?"
Adelheid: "It would definitely take an enormous amount of mana and a lot of preparation."
Ushio: "Yes, but..."
*Mooko quickly explains what we talked about with Louis when we were in front of the statue that I broke.*
*That perhaps the statue wasn't repaired because it would interfere with some other spell... In other words, there might be something else going on that's more important.*
Adelheid: "The bronze statue has been around for years, hasn't it?"
Ushio: "Yes, that's what I've heard."
Adelheid: "Which means that... the other magical components they're using must be quite old as well."
Adelheid: "If they can't be repaired, then they were probably all made at around the same time, with care taken to prevent them from interfering with one another."
Adelheid: "Given how long ago it must've been, if they've been accumulating mana in preparation for this the entire time, then it's possible."
Mitsuyoshi: "As a countermeasure against the worst-case scenario where the west dorm students are absent, huh?"
Shizuka: "Damn, after how hard we worked to get them away from here."
Ushio: "That's not all. If the Realm of Night is back, then the magic circle we destroyed is..."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's back to normal!?"
Ushio: "Quite likely, no?"
Adelheid: "Even if the students were here, it's meaningless without the complete setup."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Right."
Ushio: "The administration is trying to pull off the same ritual again:"
Ushio: "To revive the Night students by inserting a Lazurit Bloodstone into each and every one of them."
Mitsuyoshi: "So we have until midnight again to destroy the magic circle?"
*We'll have to do it if it comes down to that... or so I thought, but Heidi shakes her head after a bit of thinking.*
Adelheid: "No, because the magic-amplifying Day of the Eclipse has already passed..."
Adelheid: "There should be a different trigger this time, but I can't say anything for sure until I see the magic circle."
Shizuka: "...If everything was reset back to that day, what about Kasumi and Mibu-san? Is the east dorm okay?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, now that you mention it..."
*I wonder how things are looking over there.*
Ushio: "Let's check each place out."
Ushio: "If we have both Keys of Janus we can split up, so we should pay a visit to Michiru-san first."
Shizuka: "Yeah. Hey, take care of him."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay."
*Murakumo passes the sleeping Louis to me and takes out the Key of Janus from his pocket.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You've already used it a few times today. Are you still good?"
Shizuka: "It's only been four or five times. I should still be fine..."
Female Student: "Kyaaaaa...!!"
Mutsuki: "A scream!?"
Adelheid: "It came from the hallway!"
*Figuring that it was probably one of the Disciplinary Committee members, we hurriedly exit into the hallway and run towards the scream.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―Geh...!!"
*I can't help but gasp the instant I turn the corner.*
Ushio: "Ah...!"
Momoka: "Umm, long time no see..."
*Momo-senpai is standing there demurely, with an apologetic look on her face...*
Shizuka: "Shogoin-senpai...!?"
Ushio: "Oh no... The scream just now was...!"
Momoka: "All of you are so very kind, so I knew that you'd come right away."
Mitsuyoshi: "It was a trap―!!"
*I rush to check my surroundings, but it's too late.*
Shizuka: "Whoa!?"
*Murakumo lets out a surprised voice and collapses as if he were suddenly drained of all his energy.*
Ulrick: "One down."
*His other hand is holding a perfume bottle...*
Adelheid: "Ulrick...!"
*Heidi glares bitterly at Louis's brother.*
*He looks back indifferently.*
Mitsuyoshi: (This is bad. We have no way of escaping...)
*As long as I'm carrying Louis, there's nobody else here who can carry Murakumo and run.*
Mitsuyoshi: (What do we do then...?)
*Heidi has to escape, since she's our source of magical knowledge.*
*And we can't give them our ace, Louis, even if he's asleep.*
*Which means that I'll have to stand in the forefront and hope those two manage to escape while I buy time.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Heidi, take care of Louis."
*I carefully lower Louis and secure him on her back.*
Adelheid: "Koga? What are you planning to do?"
Mitsuyoshi: "We need your knowledge. Do whatever you can to get out of here."
*I change to a position where I can better defend them, without taking my eyes off of Momo-senpai and Ulrick.*
Ushio: "Koga-kun, don't try to do the impossible..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know. Same goes for you."
Momoka: "You don't have to make such a scary face. If you behave yourselves, we won't do anything to you."
Ushio: "You're asking us to trust you after everything that happened?"
Mitsuyoshi: (Momo-senpai and Ulrick showing up together makes things infinitely more difficult. I should take this chance while their attention's on Mooko...)
*I have to make sure Louis and Heidi escape.*
*As I'm trying to catch them off guard, Ulrick suddenly moves.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―!?"
*He's too fast for me to react.*
*And he doesn't spray the perfume on me or Heidi, but on Hanatate instead.*
Ushio: "Mutsuki!?"
Ulrick: "That takes care of what I was asked to do."
*He catches the falling Hanatate in his arms and gives her to Momo-senpai.*
Momoka: "W-Wawa, yes!"
*Momo-senpai is flustered as she accepts the unconscious body.*
*She seems to be slightly out of it, maybe because she was sealed and isn't fully back to normal yet.*
Ushio: "Mutsuki!! G-Give her back―"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio, stay away from them!!"
Ushio: "......"
*Even if she's not performing at her best, she's still a homunculus.*
*And Ulrick is on a whole other level of dangerous.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...We don't stand a chance against them, and if we lose you, we're done for."
*I tell her that in a low voice and she nods, holding herself back with much effort.*
Mitsuyoshi: "For now, take Heidi and run."
*I move to a position where I can face off against Ulrick.*
*I know I can't win, but I have to buy the others as much time as possible―*
Ulrick: "I wonder how easy I have to go against you."
Mitsuyoshi: "I consider myself pretty sturdy, so no need for that."
*I'll manage somehow as long as I don't die.*
*―Onii-chan...!!*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? Michiru...?"
*Out of nowhere, I hear Michiru's voice in my head... or was it just my imagination?*
*Did she sense that I was in danger?*
*If that's the case...*
Mitsuyoshi: "―Michiru!!"
*I hear the sound of something creaking.*
Michiru: "Onii-chan...!!"
*A door opens before my eyes, and Michiru flies out of it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru!! I knew it...!!"
Ushio: "Everything's... stopped...?"
*I take notice of my surroundings when Mooko says that, and I see Ulrick frozen while poised to lunge at me.*
*Glancing over at Momo-senpai, she's also not moving.*
Adelheid: "Impossible...! Is this your power!?"
Michiru: "I-I don't know... but I got the feeling... that Onii-chan was in danger..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey! Pull yourself together, Michiru!!"
*Her breathing is ragged, and I have to hold her up.*
Ushio: "Koga-kun, let's get out of here while we can!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah! Take Michiru for me!"
*I grab the unconscious Louis and Murakumo and drag them through the door that Michiru opened.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Just Hanatate left...!?"
Ulrick: "Wha...?"
*Damn it, time's starting to flow again!*
*To him, I suddenly teleported, so he takes a precautionary step back.*
*But I can't approach them anymore.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, Hanatate...!!"
Ulrick: "......!? They got away...?"
Momoka: "Huh? What? How?"
Ulrick: "There's another one of those keys?"
Momoka: "...Who opened that door just now...?"
*On the other side of the door is my own room.*
*It seems that Michiru was in here the entire time.*
Adelheid: "Bring Louis to me."
*I lay Louis down on the floor, and Heidi takes out a perfume bottle from his breast pocket.*
Adelheid: "This is the perfume that prevents detection."
*She sprays it on all of us as she says that.*
Ushio: "Does it also prevent the Key of Janus from finding us?"
Adelheid: "Yes. With this, they won't be able to use it to get to us."
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru, how are you feeling?"
Michiru: "Mm... I'm... a bit tired..."
*She's still conscious, but she's utterly exhausted and staggers over to the bed before collapsing onto it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Thanks. Good night."
Michiru: "Mm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Murakumo's out cold too, huh?"
Adelheid: "He was sprayed directly by that perfume, so it's to be expected."
Ushio: "...Mutsuki as well."
Adelheid: "It won't cause any physical harm."
*Heidi says that in as gentle a tone of voice as possible to try and soothe Mooko's worries.*
Ushio: "I know..."
*Even then, her face is pale, unable to hide her restlessness due to her best friend being taken away.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Our team has been crippled.)
*Murakumo should wake up soon enough, but we have no idea when Louis will wake up.*
*With how Michiru was acting, she's going to be groggy for some time to come.*
*And Hanatate's been captured by the enemy...*
Adelheid: "...For now, moving around isn't going to benefit us. We should at least wait until Shizuka wakes up."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... I want to at least take a look at how things are holding up here though."
*Since Michiru was safe, maybe the school hasn't touched the east dorm.*
*I stand up and walk to the door across the room.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Nobody's here.)
*Was that water pipe problem resolved already?*
Mitsuyoshi: (If there's no one here, then this means the east dorm students weren't forcefully brought back.)
*It wasn't within the effective range of that large spell earlier, I guess.*
*Well, this just means that the school couldn't care less about what happens here.*
*I don't notice anything strange, so I head back to my room.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hey, what's wrong?"
*Upon my return, I see Heidi holding the Key of Janus while standing there motionless.*
Adelheid: "...There's no response."
Mitsuyoshi: "Who were you trying to get to?"
*I immediately get a bad feeling, and her response is exactly what I was dreading.*
Adelheid: "Tsubaki and Kasumi..."
*I impulsively click my tongue.*
Adelheid: "They might've been captured as well."
Mitsuyoshi: "...They're in the same place as Rito then, huh?"
*And it had to be those two Magie of all people.*
*Forget being crippled―we're at death's door now.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Getting depressed over this isn't going to get us anywhere. Let's go somewhere else. I get the feeling that they'll find us if we stay in my room."
Ushio: "...Where do you suggest we go?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Somewhere they wouldn't expect us to be... which rules out the Bureau office."
Adelheid: "Our room is probably dangerous too. I wouldn't be surprised if they set up some sort of trap there."
Ushio: "In that case... I do feel bad about it, but there is a place nearby that might be one of their blind spots."
Mitsuyoshi: "A blind spot?"
Ushio: "They probably wouldn't think about checking the room of someone who's already in their custody."
*Following Mooko's idea, we selfishly intrude upon Tsubaki-chan's room.*
*Figuring that she wouldn't get angry over Michiru using her bed, I have my sister sleep there.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is there anything else we can do right now?"
Adelheid: "...I'm curious as to whether that magic circle we destroyed was restored or not."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, let's go check it out. Come with me, Heidi."
Adelheid: "Sure."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko, can I ask you to look after these three?"
Ushio: "Huh... But they might have someone standing guard by the magic circle. It's dangerous."
Mitsuyoshi: "We'll be careful. We don't have to get that close to tell if it's been fixed or not, right?"
Adelheid: "We shouldn't have to."
Mitsuyoshi: "It'll only be a few minutes."
Ushio: "...Please make sure you're extra cautious."
*She must be thoroughly disheartened.*
*She sees us off looking more anxious than usual.*
*Heidi uses Michiru's Key of Janus to open a door to that other world―*
Mitsuyoshi: "At the top of these stairs, right...?"
Adelheid: "It doesn't seem like there's anyone here."
*We survey the area from the bottom of the staircase, but the place appears to be deserted.*
*The floor with the magic circle is completely repaired.*
Mitsuyoshi: "After all we went through to destroy it..."
*It comes as quite a shock.*
*I thought we'd foiled their plans back then...*
Adelheid: "I wonder if the spell that transported us earlier also fixed this magic circle..."
*She stares intently at the circle and mutters that to herself.*
Adelheid: "Or was it the work of a Magie who manipulates time...?"
*I take a good look at it, even though I don't understand any of the symbols.*
*The circle itself isn't glowing.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's not activated, is it?"
Adelheid: "It's not. It might've turned itself off after it summoned the Realm of Night."
Mitsuyoshi: "Could we use this opportunity to break it agai... Oh wait, we had that ring last time..."
*Omaru used all of his strength...*
*I only managed to destroy it after Omaru gave up all of his mana, not caring that he would disappear as well.*
*Even if we had that ring right now, I doubt we'd have enough mana.*
Adelheid: "We might've been able to do something if Louis weren't out of commission..."
*She bites her lip in vexation.*
*I don't think Michiru is going to be able to use her power yet either...*
Mitsuyoshi: "I think we can at least put some scratches in it. Do you want to try that?"
Adelheid: "No, we shouldn't."
*She shakes her head.*
Adelheid: "The defense program from before isn't running right now, but the damage detection alarm is still active."
Adelheid: "They would be notified to come and fix it right away."
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn..."
Adelheid: "For now, I'll try to decipher as much of the spell as I can to see if there are any imminent dangers."
Mitsuyoshi: "That sounds great."
*She cautiously approaches the magic circle, making sure not to step inside it as she studies it.*
*I stand on guard in case someone comes.*
Adelheid: "―Sorry for the wait."
*She comes back soon enough.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Find anything out?"
Adelheid: "In its current state, it would be impossible for it to undergo the process of permanently reviving the Night students tonight."
Mitsuyoshi: "So this means we're safe for now?"
Adelheid: "It's set up to activate only on the Day of the Eclipse. That hasn't changed."
Adelheid: "As long as it's not that special day, it won't do anything."
Mitsuyoshi: "It only comes once every few years, right? We've got time then."
*I doubt that the principal would be willing to wait a couple of years though, so she's bound to do something...*
*At any rate, it's still better than it happening tonight.*
*But...*
Mitsuyoshi: "If everything's still the same as it's always been, then once dawn breaks, the Night students are going to turn back into day students. What are they going to do about that?"
*When they wake up, they're definitely going to be confused as to why they're back at school.*
Adelheid: "If Ulrick is on their side, they can have him make a sleeping perfume."
Mitsuyoshi: "Have them sleep until the preparations are complete, huh? Better than having the students cause a commotion, I guess."
Adelheid: "Let's go back for now."
*With melancholy feelings, we return to Tsubaki-chan's room...*
Ushio: "...You're back."
*Seeing our faces, Mooko expression relaxes, relieved that we're safe.*
Shizuka: "Ugh, damn it..."
*At the same time, Murakumo gets up and shakes his head.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you're awake?"
Ushio: "Yes, he woke up just moments ago."
Adelheid: "How are you feeling? That perfume shouldn't have caused you any harm."
Shizuka: "...A bit nauseous, but it's nothing to worry about."
Mitsuyoshi: "There's nothing you could've done against him. He's a former police officer."
Shizuka: "No wonder... Those were the skills of a pro..."
Ushio: "I'm sorry to ask this of you when you just got back, but could you use the Key of Janus?"
Adelheid: "Sure. Where to?"
Ushio: "The Bureau office. I'd like to retrieve the pen Mist."
Adelheid: "Ah, right. That's an important clue."
Ushio: "We're at a standstill right now, so we might as well use this time to read more about the past."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I'm sure the ink bottle filled up long ago."
Ushio: "Also, the Lazurit Bloodstone that Murakumo-san previously possessed is kept there."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sumi-chan's?"
Shizuka: "The one Kasumi got when she wasn't feeling well and it was hindering her job of supplying the magic circle with mana."
Shizuka: "She's not a scapegoat anymore, so she left it with the Bureau in case we needed it for anything in the future."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see. That's a huge help since we don't have much mana ourselves."
Adelheid: "Let's go then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Shizuka-chan, you just woke up, so look after the others here."
Shizuka: "Okay... Hey, don't call me that."
*He's not as energetic as he usually is.*
*Looks like he'll need some time to get back to normal.*
Adelheid: "That's too bad."
Mitsuyoshi: "What is?"
*She stifles a somewhat odd giggle as she turns the Key of Janus.*
*We step through the door and arrive just outside the Bureau office, deep within the library.*
*It's as quiet as ever here, and when I think about how even the soft-spoken Rito isn't here, it makes the silence feel even heavier.*
Adelheid: "I hope that nobody is waiting to ambush us inside."
Mitsuyoshi: "Stand back."
*I have the two girls move away from the door and slowly open it by myself.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Okay, nobody's here."
*I walk into the office.*
*I signal to Mooko that the coast is clear.*
Ushio: "Let's get what we came for as quickly as we can."
*As she says that, she walks up to her usual seat and takes the box containing the Mist with the pens and ink.*
*Heidi is standing guard by the door, checking to see if anyone comes.*
Ushio: "...The stone..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Ushio: "I can't find the Lazurit Bloodstone."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's the only thing missing? Did they find it and take it away?"
Ushio: "But the Mist is here. Why would they have only taken the stone?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Could they have used Hyter Sprite or something to find it?"
Ushio: "...That would explain why the Mist wasn't taken. It's possible, but..."
Voice: "...Koga. Koga?"
Mitsuyoshi: "!?"
*Startled by a soft voice calling out to me from behind, I turn around and see―*
Mitsuyoshi: "Kurodani!?"
Maya: "Phew, thank goodness! I finally found someone."
*Kurodani Maya pops out from behind the sofa, scratching her head awkwardly.*
*My thought processes stop for a second because of the appearance of a completely unexpected person.*
*Heidi had also heard the voice and turned around, her eyes wide with shock.*
Ushio: "K-Kurodani-san... Why are you..."
Maya: "A-Ahaha, hey there, umm, Shishigatani-senpai."
Ushio: "This isn't the time for greetings!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why the hell are you here!? You were supposed to have gone back home!!"
Maya: "Well, I was thinking that it was way too suspicious that the holidays were moved earlier!"
Maya: "So I was curious and came back, and like, the whole school felt kind of weird..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You shouldn't have..."
Maya: "I was planning on going back home if there was nothing going on... Really."
Maya: "But yeah, something felt off, and I felt uneasy and came here to see if you guys were around."
Mitsuyoshi: "Why would you come here instead of going straight home!?"
Maya: "...The front gates are already closed."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah..."
Ushio: "...It's already night after all..."
*Right.*
*At this school, nobody is able to enter or leave after night falls.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Kurodani... I can't believe you..."
Adelheid: "...I have no words."
Maya: "Sorry! Something's going on, right? I figured out that much! That's why I'm really sorry about this!!"
Ushio: "Are you really reflecting on your actions?"
Maya: "I am! Serious! ...So what should I do, Senpai?"
Ushio: "......"
*Sighing deeply, Mooko puts her fingers to her forehead and closes her eyes.*
*She's probably searching for any slight possibility of being able to send her back home.*
*And of course―*
Ushio: "...We can't just leave you alone."
*She doesn't find one.*
*Even if we forcefully broke through the front gates, we have no way of getting her to the closest train station.*
*Buses stopped running hours ago, and calling a taxi would reveal our presence to the school, putting Kurodani in danger.*
Maya: "Can I please join you guys!?"
Ushio: "I don't think we have any other choice. However, you must promise to never leave our side, and to not go anywhere by yourself."
Maya: "I promise!"
Ushio: "And... there's a fairly good chance... no, you'll definitely see some strange things, but please don't cause a ruckus, and behave yourself."
Maya: "I'll definitely get to see strange things, huh..."
Mitsuyoshi: "If you cause a scene, I'm going to lock you inside a storeroom. I'm not joking."
Maya: "Okay, okay, I got it. I can tell that you're dealing with something big here!"
Ushio: "Also, please forget everything that you see. You are not to utter a word to Yoshida-san or anyone else."
Maya: "...I understand."
*Kurodani nods, looking surprisingly obedient.*
*It doesn't seem like she's lying about understanding that something extraordinary is going on here.*
Ushio: "Oh, and one more thing―"
*Mooko calmly takes the lamp that Louis left behind and switches it on as soon as she does so.*
Maya: "......? What is that?"
*Nothing happens.*
*Meaning that this Kurodani is not a homunculus masquerading as her. That's one less thing to worry about.*
Ushio: "It's nothing, but I'd like for you to come with me somewhere else afterwards."
Maya: "Sure, where to?"
Ushio: "I just need you to stand on top of a piece of cloth that has some symbols drawn on it."
Maya: "Huh...?"
*The magic circle that removes hypnosis, huh?*
*If she's been hypnotized somehow by the administration, then it would dispel that.*
Ushio: "Anyway, we shouldn't stay here any longer."
*After confirming that she's gotten what we need, including the Mist and the water balloon scrap, she signals to Heidi to open a door back to where we came from.*
Adelheid: "Don't be surprised, Maya."
Maya: "Hmm? Okay."
Maya: "......"
*Even Kurodani is at a loss for words, seeing a door appear out of thin air and having it lead to some unknown room.*
Shizuka: "Kurodani!? What are you doing here!?"
*On the other hand, Murakumo shouts out loud in surprise upon seeing her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You see..."
*After quickly explaining the situation to him, he holds his head in his hands, as expected.*
Shizuka: "I can't believe you... I knew that you were a problem child from the start, but I never expected this to happen..."
Maya: "S-Sorry... Anyway, umm..."
*I'm sure her mind is full of questions, like why Michiru and Louis are asleep, or where this room is.*
*However, she doesn't ask us anything, probably remembering what Mooko told her earlier, and instead says:*
Maya: "N-Never mind. I'll have you explain it to me later, Koga."
*At least she's behaving herself.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, later."
*There's a lot that I can't tell her about, but I don't want her speculating on her own and causing a different set of problems.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Well then, there's not much else we can do, so how about we start using that pen?"
Ushio: "Actually, that was dependent on us getting the Lazurit Bloodstone..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, right. We need mana."
*All of our Magie are either missing or unconscious.*
Shizuka: "Do you want me to try?"
Ushio: "No, I don't think you should use any more mana for today."
Ushio: "Currently, the Key of Janus is our only lifeline, and none of our functional members are able to use it endlessly."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, you've used it quite a few times today already, Murakumo."
Ushio: "It would be dangerous if you depleted all of your mana."
Adelheid: "...Indeed. There is a chance they might find out where we're hiding, and we'd have to escape immediately."
Michiru: "...I just have to put my power into it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru? You were awake?"
Michiru: "Yeah... You were talking about the pen, right? Can I try?"
Ushio: "There's no need to force yourself."
Michiru: "I'm not. It's fine..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure?"
Michiru: "I don't think I can use that power to do magic of my own, but I should be able to transfer it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Are they really that different? You still end up using mana in the end."
Adelheid: "There is a huge difference between using a specific spell and simply supplying something with mana."
Adelheid: "In order to complete a spell, Michiru would have to picture the result that she wants, which requires delicate mental control."
Adelheid: "Supplying mana doesn't require any of that precision."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I see. In that case..."
*It's clear that the risk of her mana going out of control is low.*
*And Michiru has an abundant stock of mana, so I don't need to worry about her collapsing from overusing it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Be careful, all right? If anything feels off, stop right away."
Michiru: "Okay."
*She sits up and gets out of the bed.*
*Kurodani is brimming with curiosity as she looks at Michiru, but she prudently doesn't ask any questions.*
Ushio: "If you would please do the honors then."
*Mooko opens the white notebook and places the white quill pen in front of Michiru.*
*She then takes out the water balloon scrap that she left in the Mist's box and gives her a quick recap of how to use it.*
Michiru: "Umm..."
*As she does, the pen begins to spin rapidly.*
Adelheid: "Michiru, you need to ease up a little!"
Michiru: "Huh? Huh? What's happening?"
Adelheid: "You're putting too much mana in! It's acting weirdly because there's nothing that far in the past to write about!"
Michiru: "O-Oh, I see. Umm... This much then?"
*The pen's rotations gradually slow down.*
*How much mana did she dump into it...?*
Adelheid: "Even less than that... Try to picture a really thin stream of water."
Michiru: "Water..."
Adelheid: "Yes, maybe even a drop is enough. Single drops, as if it were the morning dew dripping off leaves."
Michiru: "...Okay. Like this...?"
*Heidi's tips seemed to have helped as the pen stops its strange movements, floats up, and starts writing as we've seen it do before.*
*I went to the auditorium together with my friends.*
*Because there was a school-wide assembly.*
*When I glanced over at Mother, she looked weary and lacking in energy.*
*I was worried.*
"What's wrong, Mother?"
"...It's nothing. It's nothing you need to worry about..."
"But..."
"I'm fine. I'll make sure to protect you."
*While I was staring at Mother, at some point, my friends around me had started a small commotion.*
"...Hey, do you know who she is?"
"Huh? What? She's..."
"You don't know her, right?"
"Who's that? When did she..."
*Everyone was saying something I didn't understand.*
*When I asked them what was going on, they wouldn't answer me.*
*And then, Mother let out a pained shriek.*
*I was surprised and wanted to run over to her, but suddenly, all the people before me turned into flames, blocking my way.*
*One after the other, everyone around me burst into flames, screaming.*
*Spooked and not knowing what to do, I called out to Mother.*
*I saw someone running towards me.*
Ushio: "This looks to be what happened immediately before the fire started, which we saw last time."
Adelheid: "It seems so."
Shizuka: "A stranger suddenly appeared. It does feel like people suddenly noticed that someone had snuck in."
Mitsuyoshi: "It says that the people turned into flames, which means that it wasn't the building that was set on fire but the students, right?"
Ushio: "At the very least, that's what it looked like to Sedmy."
Ushio: "Michiru-san, could you please continue?"
Michiru: "...Okay."
*The school was closed down.*
*I heard that it was because a lot of people died or went missing.*
*Some people also said that the fire was caused by a bolt of lightning.*
*But I don't remember seeing anything like that.*
*Now I'm spending all my time in the room deep in the library that Mother gave me.*
*Because she passed away.*
*She was consumed by all of those flames.*
*Why did that happen?*
*But before she died, Mother told me what I had to do.*
*I was able to discover the location of all my missing friends.*
*It's all thanks to this power I received, that's able to cut out and confine time.*
*But I can't save my friends yet.*
*Even though that's what Mother told me to do.*
*If I brought them out, they would just burn up, so I can't save them like this.*
*I don't know how I can save them.*
*Even though that's what Mother told me to do.*
Adelheid: "Cutting out and confining time... Is this the power to manipulate time?"
Shizuka: "She said that she received it, but is that even possible?"
Adelheid: "Normally, it's not, but for a Magie as powerful as Lazurit, it very well could have been."
Ushio: "It seems that the students from 20 years ago are in a place that's been severed from our flow of time, and Sedmy is trying to find a way to rescue them."
Adelheid: "However, this part about them burning up if they were brought out is strange to me."
Adelheid: "If time was severed, then the fire shouldn't continue burning..."
Shizuka: "Maybe time was stopped while the fire was still ongoing, and that's why?"
Adelheid: "But that would mean that somewhere in this school, there is a space where time has been kept still."
Ushio: "It also says 'the location of all my missing friends', so they must've been sent to a space that's separate from where the fire happened."
Shizuka: "I see. And they'd burn up if they were brought out from there? What in the world?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It makes no sense... Why was there no mention of Sedmy getting those Magie powers in the part about the fire?"
Ushio: "...I get the feeling that we're missing a chunk of the diary."
Michiru: "Huh? Did I jump too far?"
Ushio: "Can you go back a little?"
Michiru: "Umm... Huh?"
Adelheid: "Oh, it's not stopping... Maybe it's because you put in too much mana at the start."
Michiru: "S-Sorry..."
Ushio: "It's not your fault. This Mist appears to be difficult to control."
Shizuka: "Let's just keep reading for now."
*I'm feeling a bit tired.*
*I've been looking into how to save my friends by myself the entire time.*
*But it's the first and last thing that Mother asked of me, so I have to see it through to the very end.*
*My days of researching in the library continue.*
*I sometimes go to ask Rito, but it doesn't seem like she knows of any methods that would help me achieve my goal.*
*However, she knows everything about Mists, so having her around is extremely helpful.*
*She taught me how to use that mirror Mist.*
*Although the person I was looking for didn't show up in it.*
*I also asked her about the final Mist.*
*But since it's a new Mist that was created on that day, it can't go back beyond then.*
*That's pointless then.*
*If it can't go back to before Mother died, then Mother is going to remain dead.*
*I asked Rito if she felt lonely now that Mother was gone.*
*But Rito didn't seem to understand.*
"Lonely? Why?"
*She asked me in return, looking puzzled.*
"Don't you feel lonely not being able to see Mother anymore?"
"...I don't know. I don't understand what loneliness is."
"You don't feel sad either?"
"No, I don't understand that either."
*She doesn't have a heart, so she doesn't know what it means to be lonely.*
*Even though I'm in so much pain.*
*The loneliness I feel from Mother being gone is unbearable.*
*She won't be here tomorrow, or the day after, or the day after that.*
*I want to see her.*
*I'm lonely.*
Mitsuyoshi: "The final Mist?"
Shizuka: "And what does it mean, 'created on that day'? Didn't Lazurit die in the fire?"
Adelheid: "But it seems that Sedmy inherited her powers. Could she have unconsciously used them to create some sort of magical tool?"
Michiru: "It's still not stopping..."
Ushio: "That's fine. We're getting useful information here, so let's keep reading."
*Due to my frequent visits to the library, I believe that I've gained a vast amount of knowledge.*
*Especially when it comes to magic, since I've been trying to find a way to save my friends.*
*That's why I tried making one.*
*I thought that I'd feel a little less lonely that way.*
*I started with a small one.*
*It went well, since I was able to make those stones that operated perpetually using that power I received.*
"...Good morning."
"Chii."
"Hehe, you're a cute one."
"Chii."
*I created a cute small white animal.*
*I made it by copying one I liked from an illustrated guide to animals.*
*I nuzzle my cheek against it as it cries out, "Chii, chii."*
*Its cuteness helped me forget some of my loneliness.*
*But something didn't feel right.*
*Even though I made it following Mother's instructions.*
*It's different.*
*It's different from my friends.*
*It's not like Mother.*
*It has no heart.*
*Just like Rito.*
*It doesn't know what it means to be lonely.*
*It can't feel what I'm feeling.*
*Even though I'm in so much pain.*
Shizuka: "Isn't this that ermine?"
Ushio: "It does sound like Ninomae-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "So Sedmy created him, huh?"
*Maybe it's because it's a small animal.*
*I just have to make one that's like me.*
*That's why I tried again.*
*Though she's a bit smaller than me.*
*She's very talkative.*
*The one before could only say "Chii", but this one talks to me a lot.*
*She also laughs a lot.*
*She was delighted when I gave her a name.*
"Fuhito! I see, what a fabulous name! I love it, Mother!! Hahahahaha!!"
*She laughed nonstop after saying that.*
*I was happy, as well, and thought I could rid myself of my loneliness.*
"Fuhito, you sure laugh a lot, don't you?"
"Hahahaha! If it's for your sake, I'll laugh as much as you want!!"
"For me..."
"That's right! Hahahahahaha!!!"
*But*
*it still didn't feel right.*
"...Are you happy?"
"Of course I'm happy, Mother! That's what you wished for me to be!!"
"No, I mean... Do you feel truly happy?"
"Huh? But I am. After all, didn't you create me that way? Thank you, Mother! Ha ha ha ha!!"
*No.*
*When she thanked me,*
*smiled at me,*
*and embraced me*
*for something I did for her,*
*I knew*
*that she was different.*
*She's different*
*from the people I chatted and studied with,*
*the people I played with at home,*
*the people I ate lunch with.*
*When she said*
*that she laughed so that I would laugh,*
*I knew*
*I knew that she wasn't truly happy*
*That's why she doesn't know*
*what it means to be lonely either*
*Even though I'm in so much pain,*
*she was different too*
*Why are they different?*
*I'm lonely*
Mitsuyoshi: "Principal..."
*I thought that she might've been next after Ninomae-kun appeared... but it still comes as a shock.*
Adelheid: "So the reason why she's always laughing..."
Shizuka: "Looks like it's because of this."
*I must rescue them.*
*That is my duty.*
*That's why I told her about where they are, a place split off from our time continuum.*
"We must save these students no matter what. That is our duty."
"Understood, Mother!! Hahahaha!!"
"Chii."
*The two of them nodded.*
*Of course.*
*I created them after all.*
*They'll listen to whatever I say.*
*But then she asked me confusedly:*
"Are these students your friends, Mother?"
"...Yes. I think so."
"You think so?"
"I can't really remember."
*My memory is fuzzy.*
*I don't know anymore.*
*I just know that long ago, someone ordered me to do so.*
*I feel like I was told that I wouldn't be lonely anymore if I did that.*
*If I didn't*
*I'd be*
*in pain*
*She's different*
*Why*
*I'm lonely*
*I'm lonely*
Michiru: "She... forgot...?"
Adelheid: "Did a lot of time pass in between? But it should still be less than twenty years, right?"
Shizuka: "...Did she forget because of how lonely she felt?"
Adelheid: "......"
*Heidi looks to be at a loss for words, and her gaze returns to the pen that continues to write.*
*I created a few more to support Fuhito.*
*That should help us reach our goal faster.*
"Mother, I have a suggestion!!"
"What is it?"
"How about we reopen the school?"
"The school?"
"If we don't want them to burn up when we take them out, all we need are new vessels! There's a method to do that in this book you told me to study."
"...What does that have to do with reopening the school?"
"Like I said, vessels. We'll have as many as we want if we reopen the school and get new students!!"
*I never even considered that.*
*If we go that route, we can save them.*
*But it would mean that the new students would disappear instead.*
*I get the feeling that long ago, someone told me that that was bad.*
*That we shouldn't get others involved...*
*But there are no other solutions, so we have no choice.*
*I have to save them, no matter what the cost.*
*That is my duty, and I―lonely―have to do it.*
*But why is that?*
*I can't remember. Someone...*
*I can't remember, but I absolutely must do it.*
*That much I remember.*
"But there is one problem."
"What?"
"Rito's knowledge would cause a lot of problems for us."
"What do you mean?"
"If the students who were to become vessels knew about what happened twenty years ago, they might run away!!"
"...And that would hinder our plans..."
"That's right! If they escape, you won't be able to achieve your goal!! We can't have that!!"
"Yeah..."
*Hindrances are bad.*
*It would prevent us from saving those students.*
*I ordered Fuhito to do something about it, so she did.*
"Rito can't recall things that have been erased, so everything's fine now!! Hahahahaha!!"
*She doesn't know what loneliness is.*
*Which is why I have to save those students no matter what.*
*The quill pen falls to the table with a soft clatter.*
Adelheid: "We're out of ink again."
*I hear the sound of someone sighing.*
*With what we've just read, none of us know where to start.*
Ushio: "It seems that..."
*As usual, Mooko is the first to break the silence.*
Ushio: "...as we talked about before, the students' bodies will burn up if they're brought back from 'that place'."
Shizuka: "Time wasn't stopped for them right in the middle of the fire, was it? Maybe they'll end up right back in it?"
Adelheid: "No, if it really is the same power to manipulate time as Lazurit's, they shouldn't be forcibly returned to their own period in time."
Ushio: "There must be some other reason then."
Mitsuyoshi: "...For me, the most shocking part was learning about the principal..."
Ushio: "She was created by Sedmy, huh?"
*On top of the principal being a homunculus, we already knew that her creator was probably still here.*
*But who would've thought that the diary would mention her creation?*
Adelheid: "At the very least, we now know that the Magie we're fighting against isn't Lazurit herself."
Ushio: "It would be Sedmy. However, she seems to have inherited Lazurit's power somehow."
Mitsuyoshi: "Normally, you can't transfer your power to someone else, right?"
Adelheid: "It shouldn't be possible, because your mana is your soul. In order to do that, you would have to replace the soul in the recipient's body with your own, and that can hardly be called a transfer."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, so it's basically impossible then."
Adelheid: "That should be the case... but considering how strong of a Magie Lazurit was..."
Shizuka: "It doesn't change the fact that we're up against a ridiculously powerful enemy."
Michiru: "...She forgot about her mother, right?"
*A lonely voice escapes her lips.*
*The expression on her face matches.*
Ushio: "She probably couldn't bear the loneliness she was feeling."
Michiru: "I feel so sorry for her..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll agree that it's pitiable, but that doesn't justify what she's trying to do."
Michiru: "Yeah... Can we convince her that she's wrong?"
Adelheid: "...I wonder. It's clear that she went insane at some point..."
Michiru: "But to forget everything, try to do the wrong thing, and then have it end there..."
Michiru: "...That's just too sad."
Ushio: "Indeed..."
*Underneath it, the word "lonely" stands out.*
Momoka: "Everything's okay! She's sleeping soundly."
*Shogoin-san comes back after checking on the sleeping Hanatate Mutsuki.*
Fuhito: "That's great to hear! Let's finish drawing this straight away!!"
Momoka: "Okay!!"
*We split up and continue working on the magic circle on the floor.*
*There are already countless symbols and patterns drawn around Hanatate-san.*
*It'll be finished soon.*
*Very soon...*
Fuhito: "It's done!!"
"......"
*When I beckon her, she draws closer and places a hand on the magic circle.*
Fuhito: "Ooh...!!"
*The circle lights up and glows brightly.*
*It's being supplied with mana.*
Momoka: "Even if we didn't do this tonight, it would've happened by itself tomorrow morning..."
Fuhito: "Come now, don't say that. This is what Mother wished for."
Momoka: "I-I know! But I'm worried about Mother, since she doesn't seem to be feeling well after that teleportation spell."
Fuhito: "It goes without saying that I'm worried too!"
Momoka: "Why does Mother care so much about this person?"
Fuhito: "Good question. Even now, it seems like she doesn't know the answer to that."
Momoka: "Haahh, She doesn't remember, huh? As expected..."
Fuhito: "Yes, but I do remember her saying, 'Because he was a classmate', perhaps unconsciously."
Momoka: "Ah, the light's fading!"
Fuhito: "Ooh!! It succeeded!!"
*The light quietly vanishes.*
*All of the conditions have been met.*
Fuhito: "Hehehe, it worked! It worked! Now we have all of the Night students here. It's time to begin the ritual once more!!"
Fuhito: "The ritual to bring these students back into this world!! Ha ha ha ha ha...!!"
Servant: "...Right this way."
*Exiting this forest that's deep in the mountains, I reach a stately and magnificent mansion.*
*However, it seems that the girl was not kept in this extravagant building, but instead forced to live in a detached one a distance away.*
*After leading me to the outbuilding and unlocking the door, the servant shoves the key at me and runs away as if she were fleeing for her life.*
Lazurit: (Everyone's terrified of her...)
*I can't blame them, but I pity her for having to live all by herself in this harsh environment.*
Lazurit: "...Hello there."
*I push open the door as I call out.*
*I don't hear a reply or any other sound coming from inside.*
Lazurit: "......"
*Stepping inside, I see that it's being cleaned at least, but it feels barren, desolate, and practically deserted.*
Girl: "...Who's there?"
*An apprehensive and feeble voice comes from a far corner of the room.*
Lazurit: "Ah... Hello. It's okay. I'm not a scary person, so come out, okay?"
Girl: "......"
*She timidly moves out of her hiding place, and I catch a glimpse of her long, slightly curly hair.*
*Her light-colored hair native to the region leaves a lasting impression on me.*
Lazurit: "...Don't be afraid, Dite. I came here to see you."
Girl: "...Dite?"
Lazurit: "Oh, I'm sorry. The person who guided me here called you that."
*That's what the servants called her.*
"Dite" means "baby" in the local language.
*In other words, she doesn't even have a name.*
*Her parents were too scared of her because of all the strange events that she caused since her birth. They even relieved her of her name, the first present they bestowed upon her...*
Lazurit: "'Dite' means 'baby' in your language. I suppose that's a bit rude, seeing as you're all grown up now."
Girl: "...No."
*Her light-colored curls shake.*
Girl: "It's better... than 'that'... or 'it'..."
Lazurit: "......"
*So it was only because he was talking to me... It's normally much worse...*
Girl: "...Can I come closer to you?"
Lazurit: "Yes, of course."
*When I nod, she reveals herself surprisingly readily.*
*She's holding a cute ceramic doll in her arms.*
*She isn't at all on her guard; it's an action performed out of pure innocence.*
Girl: "...Hehe."
*She then comes right up to me and looks up at my face.*
*Her eyes are shaped like almonds, and her expression reminds me of a cat's.*
*But what captures my attention the most are her eyes that reflect my visage.*
*―Red eyes.*
*They shouldn't have been this color until just now.*
Girl: "You're the first person that wasn't scared."
Lazurit: "Huh...?"
Girl: "Everyone's scared. Even when I asked them not to be, they always left."
Lazurit: "You asked them to... huh? They stopped being scared after you did that?"
Girl: "Yeah. But they thought it was weird. And then they left."
Lazurit: "......"
*Unbelievable...*
*I was expecting her to be a Magie.*
*But she's no ordinary Magie.*
*She has the same red eyes that I have.*
*―I have to get her out of here as soon as possible.*
*I have to properly teach her magic.*
*And about how strong and frightening of a power she possesses.*
Lazurit: "...Dite, do you like your home here?"
Girl: "...I don't."
*She shakes her head from side to side.*
Girl: "Nobody... comes here... I only... talk to her..."
*She strokes the glossy hair of the doll she's carrying as she says that.*
Lazurit: "I see... Then come with me to my home."
Girl: "Huh..."
Lazurit: "You can bring her with you too. Will you come with me?"
Girl: "With you... Her too?"
Lazurit: "Yes, does that sound good to you?"
Girl: "Yeah! ...Umm, but... why? Aren't I scary?"
Lazurit: "Not at all. You're very cute."
Girl: "...Really? Umm, you... umm..."
Lazurit: "My name is Kral Lazurit. Starting from today, I'll be your mother."
Girl: "Mother...?"
Lazurit: "That's right. Let's leave here together, shall we?"
Girl: "You'll be my mother? I can stay with you forever and ever?"
Lazurit: "Of course. We'll always be together from now on."
Girl: "...Mother."
*I extend my hand to Dite, and she grasps it with her small hand.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: (Hmm...?)
*That should be the ceiling of my room... but something doesn't feel quite right, so I rub my eyes and force myself up.*
*When I take a look around, I instantly realize what's different.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Right, this is Tsubaki-chan's room.)
*We had to evacuate, and ended up sleeping here for the night.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Everyone else is still asleep...)
*Murakumo seems to be tossing and turning beside me.*
*It's probably because the two of us slept on the floor near the door to give the girls some space.*
Mitsuyoshi: (What about the others...?)
Mitsuyoshi: (Oh, I forgot that Kurodani was with us.)
*Her curiosity got the better of her, and she came back to the school.*
*And last but not least―*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Hmm?)
*One person's missing.*
*I sit up.*
*I thought she might've been hidden from view behind someone else, but I don't see her anywhere in the room.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Mooko...? Where is she?)
*Shishigatani Ushio is the only person I haven't spotted.*
*I quietly get to my feet and see a note left on the table.*
"I'm going to take a quick look at what's going on outside  ―Ushio"
Mitsuyoshi: (It's her handwriting. Thank goodness, she left of her own accord...)
*She wasn't kidnapped or anything, like what happened with Hanatate.*
*And since the same thing happened to Tsubaki-chan and Sumi-chan, it's made me paranoid.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Where did she go? It's dangerous for her to be wandering around alone...)
*Being careful not to step on Murakumo, I slowly open the door and exit Tsubaki-chan's room.*
*Knowing Mooko, she'll probably keep her guard up, but I'm still worried, so I'm going to look for her.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Now where would she be most likely to go...?)
*She's not so reckless as to nonchalantly head to the Bureau office by herself in this situation.*
*Which leaves only one option...*
Ushio: "...Ah."
*I had an inkling that she'd be on the rooftop and, lo and behold, here she is.*
*She'd been looking down at the courtyard with her elbows resting on the railing, and she turns around at the noise of the opening door.*
Ushio: "...Good morning."
*She mutters that after seeing that it's me. I can't tell if the expression on her face is one of relief or embarrassment.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Glad it was me, huh?"
Ushio: "Instead of an enemy? I knew that the very moment you opened the door. Our enemy is capable of manipulating time, so they wouldn't―"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, that's not what I meant."
Ushio: "......?"
*I interrupt her and she looks at me, confused.*
Ushio: "What were you trying to ask, then?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Would you have preferred someone other than me? Like Heidi or Shizuka-chan."
Ushio: "...I don't understand what you're getting at."
Mitsuyoshi: "I was the best option, no? Granted, I'm saying this myself."
Ushio: "......"
*Is she playing dumb or does she seriously not understand?*
*I can't tell, so I decide to just ask her directly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You were thinking about Hanatate, weren't you?"
Ushio: "......"
*Her mouth doesn't open, but she nods her head. Her honesty comes as quite the surprise.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I figured... Can't blame you though."
Ushio: "...I was careless."
*She sighs as she utters those words of deep regret.*
Ushio: "I knew that they would need her since she was the vessel for Karasuma-kun, and yet... I should've been more attentive."
Mitsuyoshi: "That doesn't just apply to you. All of us prioritized Louis first."
Ushio: "Yes, but... we should have forced her to hide somewhere instead. Or rather, we should have sent her back home."
Mitsuyoshi: "Even if she went home, that teleportation spell would have pulled her right back."
Ushio: "That's true, but..."
*She casts her face downwards so that I don't see her pained expression and turns her back to me, pretending to look down at the campus.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...She's taking it a lot harder than it appeared...)
*She doesn't like showing her weak side.*
*If she's having this much difficulty hiding her dejection, it's proof that this is serious.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mooko."
Ushio: "Huh!?"
*I calmly embrace her from behind.*
*My arms wrap around her slender shoulders as I draw her up to my chest.*
Ushio: "Wha... K-Koga-ku...!! U-Umm, i-it's on hold!! What happened to that!?"
*She struggles and tries to break free, but she's nowhere near strong enough.*
*I hug her even more tightly as her body twists and squirms, and I whisper into her ear:*
Mitsuyoshi: "I know. Just for now."
Ushio: "......"
*She seems troubled at first, but then she stops struggling, understanding my intentions.*
*Her shoulders relax, and I can feel her leaning on me a little.*
Ushio: "......"
*She seems embarrassed, but meekly lets me continue my embrace.*
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "Are you..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
*She speaks in a soft voice.*
Ushio: "Are you worried too?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah."
*We have no idea where Tsubaki-chan and Sumi-chan are, Rito is missing, Louis is out of commission, and Hanatate has been kidnapped.*
*I never thought we would've been driven into a corner like this.*
*We lacked foresight. There's simply no other explanation.*
Ushio: "......"
*Mooko slowly places her hands on top of mine.*
Ushio: "This is really not the time for this..."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's important to stay calm though."
Ushio: "That's true, but... Wait, do you think doing this will make me calm down?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's calming for me."
Ushio: "......"
*I can feel her body temperature rise ever so slightly.*
*When I steal a peek at her face, I see that her cheeks are bright red.*
Ushio: "You're... so unfair..."
Mitsuyoshi: "How so?"
Ushio: "H-How so...? You... said that we were putting this on hold, and yet you say something like that..."
*Her mumbled complaints are endearing, and I can't help but chuckle.*
Ushio: "What's so funny?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Nothing, I was just thinking about how cute you are."
Ushio: "―!!"
*I tighten my hold on her as she starts struggling again.*
Ushio: "K-K-Koga-kun...!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not letting go of you."
Ushio: "Koga-kun...! Like I said, this isn't the time for...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I told you that I'm calming myself down. Help me out here."
Ushio: "......"
*She quiets down again.*
*Her head turns a little towards me and she glares at me with sulky, upturned eyes.*
Ushio: "...You're so unfair."
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you willing to be my support now?"
Ushio: "B-Because I... I need your strength, and you'll be more of a problem if you're not calm."
Mitsuyoshi: "Even though I have no mana?"
Ushio: "You have physical strength. Carrying around injured people like Louis-san and Murakumo-kun is impossible for me."
Ushio: "Having people around who can do things that I can't is a good thing."
Mitsuyoshi: "You intentionally said it that stiffly, didn't you?"
Ushio: "Wha...!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why can't you be honest and just say that you want me by your side?"
Ushio: "Th-That's what I was trying to say though."
Mitsuyoshi: "Except that you're trying to support it with logic. Depend on me more, okay?"
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "...It's not that I don't depend on you."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Take my question earlier, for example."
Ushio: "Which one...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Weren't you glad that I was the one who came here?"
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "...If you're able to calm down by doing this, that would be beneficial..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is that really all there is to it?"
Ushio: "...Why are you being so insistent?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Because I want to feel at ease."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "If you're going to support me, you need to give me some motivation. In spite of how I seem, I'm actually pretty depressed, you know."
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "Will it really motivate you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Of course."
Ushio: "...That much?"
*She sounds like she's trying to hide some amount of anticipation, or happiness.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yes."
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "...You."
*I hear her softly taking a deep breath.*
*She strengthens her hold on my hands.*
*I gently grab onto her thin fingers that have snuck their way into my palms.*
Ushio: "Because... you're here... I..."
Maya: "Umm, I'm really sorry for interrupting when you're in the mood, but~"
Ushio: "!?"
*Hearing a voice call out from directly behind me, I frantically release Mooko and turn around.*
Mitsuyoshi: "K-Kurodani..."
Ushio: "Wh-Wh-Wha...!"
*Mooko springs backwards as we push away from each other.*
Maya: "Sorry, Koga!! Really! I really didn't want to disturb you two, but I couldn't help it!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I-I-I-I-It's fine, just tell us what you need."
Ushio: "Did something happen!?"
Maya: "Ah, umm, I wouldn't say that. Everyone's more or less awake now, so I thought it'd be good to have you two come back."
Ushio: "Oh, I-I see..."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, let's get going."
Ushio: "Yes, let's. We'll go back. Right now."
*Still agitated, Mooko speedwalks away.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Damn it... She saw that, didn't she...)
*When did Kurodani get here?*
*I'm hoping she didn't hear our incredibly embarrassing conversation.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Seriously, what timing... I was just about to hear Mooko say...)
*No, this can wait for another time.*
*I should head back too.*
Maya: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? What's wrong?"
Maya: "Huh... O-Oh, it's nothing!"
*She grins and follows Mooko to the exit.*
Mitsuyoshi: (For a moment, she looked like she had mixed feelings about something... Or was I seeing things?)
*Maybe she just has a lot on her mind, since we haven't explained anything to her and there's so much going on right now.*
*Normally, she'd be firing off questions one after the other after witnessing a scene like this, but the situation is what it is...*
Mitsuyoshi: (She can actually be surprisingly considerate...)
*When we got back to Tsubaki-chan's room, everyone was awake except for Louis and Michiru.*
*Mooko and Heidi said that they wanted to check on the magic circle, so the three of us borrowed the Key of Janus from Murakumo.*
Ushio: "...It looks like it's still deactivated."
*The circle having lost its glow, even someone like me who knows nothing about magic can tell that it's not operating.*
Adelheid: "Yes..."
*Heidi confirms that after surveying the circle's perimeter.*
Adelheid: "Even the alarm system that was working yesterday is stopped."
Ushio: "The one that triggers a warning when the magic circle is damaged?"
Adelheid: "Yes, that's been disabled as well. As it stands, the circle is completely dead."
Mitsuyoshi: "Which means that they have no use for it anymore...?"
Ushio: "But wasn't it used to summon the Realm of Night last night?"
Adelheid: "I think so, but regardless of whether it's still being used or not..."
Adelheid: "Without some other new setup, this magic circle is no longer capable of reviving the Night students."
Mitsuyoshi: "Could they just be using this to summon the Realm of Night for the time being, with something else to do the revival part?"
Ushio: "If they already had something like that, was there any need for them to restore this? Perhaps this was nothing more than a stopgap solution until they had something ready."
Adelheid: "Yes, I agree. It seems likely that they're still in the midst of preparing it."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, but that's going to take them a while, isn't it?"
Adelheid: "That goes without saying. The scale of what they're trying to achieve would need something just as big as this, if not bigger."
Adelheid: "Because of that, I'd like to say that we have a decent amount of time, but..."
Ushio: "We don't know where their new setup is, nor how far along they are in the process."
Adelheid: "Indeed. We still can't afford to take it easy."
*In the end, all we figured out is that they're probably done with this magic circle.*
*Better than finding out nothing, I suppose...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Magic circle... Magic circle, huh...?)
Ushio: "Koga-kun, is something on your mind?"
*Seeing me deep in thought, Mooko asks me that.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Nothing much, I was just wondering why they didn't simply take the opportunity to also revive the Night students when they used magic to summon the west dorm students back."
Ushio: "Wouldn't it be because they were unable to, not that they chose not to?"
Ushio: "That spell to return all of the students to where they were at a specified time is quite large in scale."
Ushio: "I would assume that the caster is still recovering from the recoil, much like how Michiru-san is right now."
Adelheid: "I think so as well."
*Heidi nods, showing her agreement with Mooko's thought process.*
Adelheid: "Even if the caster were a red-eyed Magie, it would take them a very long period of time to prepare for something like that..."
Adelheid: "It would also be extremely taxing on them. My guess is that they'll be unable to move for at least two or three days."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see."
*As I take in Heidi's explanation, Mooko starts asking more questions.*
Ushio: "...Would they need a large open area in order to draw a new circle?"
Adelheid: "Yes, of course. If we periodically check on this space and the school, we can probably figure out where it's being drawn."
Mitsuyoshi: "We'll need to go patrolling again."
Ushio: "Let's say that this magic circle is not going to be used anymore... I wonder what happened to the setup used for the teleportation spell."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you mean the one in the forest of mushrooms?"
Ushio: "Yes, that one."
Adelheid: "...Good point. We should go take a look at it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Might as well, now that we're already here."
Adelheid: "Fine by me."
*Choosing to save our mana, we walk towards that forest.*
*We arrive at the grove of large mushrooms where the Stonehenge-like structure was.*
Ushio: "...I don't see that magic circle anywhere."
*Her eyes scan the ground as she says that.*
*As she says, the pattern that previously spread below our feet is nowhere to be found.*
Adelheid: "It was probably the type that is only drawn for an instant, rather than needing to be engraved permanently."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sumi-chan's friends aren't around either."
*It's good news for us that those strange creatures aren't here.*
Ushio: "Perhaps because there's nothing for them to protect anymore."
Adelheid: "That's possible. Let's go take a closer look."
*With nothing getting in our way, we walk up to the Stonehenge-like structure and Heidi scrutinizes it carefully.*
Adelheid: "...It's broken."
*She gets up from her knees and proclaims that.*
Ushio: "It's broken? Not just stopped?"
Adelheid: "It's fulfilled its purpose already, and it's a piece of equipment that consumes a lot of mana..."
Ushio: "So it was never meant to be reused in the first place?"
Adelheid: "I believe so."
*She looks around as she says that.*
Adelheid: "...I don't detect anything. It was the same back at the magic circle. All traces of magic are completely gone."
*Mooko and I intently survey this mystical scenery that stretches into the horizon.*
*The lack of any magical traces just makes this place seem even more unnatural...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Did you feel something before?"
Adelheid: "Yes. I can't say what it was exactly, but it was like... there was some magic drifting through the air."
Ushio: "Could it have been because of this structure here?"
Adelheid: "Considering that it's broken now and what I felt before is gone, that's probably why."
Mitsuyoshi: "...So what do we do?"
*There's nothing more we can investigate here, so I put the question out there, and Mooko gives a prompt reply.*
Ushio: "I want to see what's going on in the west dorm."
Mitsuyoshi: "The west dorm?"
Ushio: "Yes. Mutsuki is probably considered an irregular, so we don't know whether she's at the dorms, but I'm curious about Suwa Aoi-san, so I'd like to check her room."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, her."
*She's a student from the west dorm who once accidentally activated a Mist that created homunculi, and she's also the vessel for Furoyamachi Neko.*
*She and Heidi became friends during that Mist incident and maintained that close relationship afterwards.*
Ushio: "All of us have been to her room before, so we can get there using the Key of Janus."
Adelheid: "...I would guess that she's been put to sleep, but yes, we should go to confirm."
Ushio: "Yes, could I please ask you to do that?"
Adelheid: "Okay."
*Heidi nods and takes the key out from her pocket.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Mooko's still keeping a level head.)
*The probability of Hanatate being in her room is low, but I'm sure Mooko wants to check really badly...*
*Heidi's staying calm as well.*
*I thought that she'd be more agitated because of how close she is to Suwa.*
Mitsuyoshi: (They're both doing a much better job than I am...)
*We carefully enter through the door that Heidi opened with the Key of Janus.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...She's asleep."
*On top of the bed is Suwa Aoi, sleeping soundly with a peaceful expression on her face.*
Adelheid: "I knew it. They used the perfume. She's out like a light."
Mitsuyoshi: "So she won't wake up no matter how hard we try?"
Adelheid: "Correct, forcing her awake would be impossible, and... they might be alerted if the sleeping spell is broken."
Mitsuyoshi: "We'll have to leave her alone then."
Ushio: "...The rest of the students here are probably in the same condition."
*She restlessly runs her fingers along her chin.*
Ushio: "I doubt they'd leave Mutsuki asleep in her own room... Which means that we should..."
*She sounds like she's muttering that to herself.*
*It's rare for her to be thinking aloud.*
*She must really want to check Hanatate's room, even though the chance of her being there is slim to none.*
*It feels like she's only talking out loud in order to persuade herself that it'd be meaningless to do so.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Just what I'd expect from her...)
*Neither Heidi nor I would've stopped her from just checking out Hanatate's room though.*
*It's amazing. If... Hanatate's and Omaru's positions were reversed... or if Michiru were the one taken away...*
Mitsuyoshi: (I don't think I'd be able to remain this calm.)
Ushio: "...Do you think it would be possible to relocate them as long as we don't break their slumber?"
*Having sorted out her thoughts, Mooko turns to question Heidi.*
Adelheid: "You mean take them out of their rooms while they're asleep? I don't see why not, but..."
Ushio: "Right now, we have no idea when they plan on having the Night students' souls possess these students' bodies."
Ushio: "As long as we don't know that, I think it would be dangerous to leave these students in their rooms."
Adelheid: "That's true..."
Mitsuyoshi: "But how do you plan on moving them out? Getting all the students out of here is a pretty tall order."
Adelheid: "Hmm... We could use the Key of Janus to visit every room and move them that way."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wouldn't that take too long?"
Ushio: "However, that does sound like our safest option."
Ushio: "It's all manual labor, so we'd be placing a heavy burden on you and Murakumo-kun..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm fine with it, but do we have enough mana? Unless Michiru wakes up, we'd be cutting it close."
Adelheid: "Yes, that would be where the problem..."
*The sound of footsteps in the hallway cause her to pause mid-sentence.*
*We exchange glances and move out of sight from the door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...We should be fine even if they look at us, right?"
Adelheid: "The perception-blocking perfume is still effective, so yes."
*Their family's perfume splendidly allows us to not be detected by others as long as we don't talk to them directly, but...*
Mitsuyoshi: (The fear of being spotted still makes me hide instinctively.)
*A male Disciplinary Committee member peeks into the room.*
Disciplinary Committee Member: "...Nothing wrong here."
*He leaves after confirming that Suwa Aoi is fast asleep in her bed.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...The Disciplinary Committee, huh?"
Ushio: "They seem to be making their rounds."
*And if they're walking around and checking that the west dorm students are asleep, acting like nothing's out of the ordinary―*
Ushio: "There's no doubt that they've been hypnotized as well."
Adelheid: "Yes... The same as what happened to Ulrick."
Mitsuyoshi: "Do you think the Disciplinary Committee members in the east dorm are on their side too?"
Adelheid: "It would be best to assume so. All the administration has to do is ask the Disciplinary Committee for help, and that would save them the trouble of rounding them up one by one."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see, they could have everyone gather in the Disciplinary Committee office and take care of it in one shot."
*That's already been done by the looks of it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn, so all of them are enemies now."
Ushio: "...That doesn't bode well for us. If they're regularly patrolling, they would notice before we manage to move all of the students out."
Adelheid: "Yeah... We definitely wouldn't have enough time to visit each room individually."
*The frequency of their patrols is another unknown, but from the looks of it, the administration is being quite cautious.*
Ushio: "There's nothing we can do about it now, so let's head back to Mibu-san's room for the time being."
*Using the Key of Janus again, we return to Tsubaki-chan's room.*
Maya: "No way! I'm staying no matter what!"
Shizuka: "Oh, come on! Don't you get what's... Oh."
*We interrupt Kurodani and Murakumo while they're arguing about something, as they both turn to look at the door that appeared out of thin air.*
Maya: "Welcome back!"
Shizuka: "...Find anything out?"
*He looks tired, and slumps his shoulders as he asks that.*
Ushio: "The magic circle has been completely deactivated."
*We quickly explain to these two (Michiru and Louis are still asleep) what we saw.*
Shizuka: "...Tch, they got the Disciplinary Committee too...!?"
*Murakumo clicks his tongue with a bitter look on his face after hearing that his former comrades are now working for the enemy.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Calm down, Shizuka-chan. They're being used as pawns, so they probably won't be harmed."
Shizuka: "I know that! You don't need to worry about me over every little thing!!"
Adelheid: "Oh, so you do understand."
Shizuka: "Understand what?"
Adelheid: "That Koga's not simply teasing you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, what are you talking about?"
Shizuka: "...You bastard!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What now?"
Shizuka: "Don't call me Shizuka-chan."
Mitsuyoshi: "That was a minute ago!"
Maya: "So Senpai, what do we do about the Disciplinary Committee members?"
Adelheid: "Unfortunately, there's nothing we can do at this time."
*The girls ignore our bickering and get back to the main topic.*
*Murakumo and I look away from each other and pretend that nothing ever happened.*
Ushio: "It's extremely troublesome. They're regular students, so we can't be too rough with them."
Mitsuyoshi: "They're not built like Momo-senpai, who can take pretty much anything we throw at her."
Shizuka: "For the record, they've all gone through physical training, but still..."
Ushio: "This isn't to say that we'll end up getting violent. Only if the situation absolutely requires it."
Shizuka: "...Yeah, we'll have to if it comes down to it."
*He's prepared to use force against even them because his sister's been captured.*
Shizuka: "...Anyway."
*His expression turns into an even bigger scowl and he points at Kurodani.*
Shizuka: "Our other problem is her."
Maya: "I'm not going home!"
*She says that firmly in response.*
Shizuka: "Why not!? Don't you get how dangerous it is being here!?"
Maya: "The same goes for you, doesn't it? Why are you all allowed to be in danger but not me!?"
Shizuka: "...Well, you're not part of the Disciplinary Committee or the Bureau..."
*Hearing that, Kurodani turns towards Heidi with a strange smile on her face.*
Maya: "Not only is she not part of either of those, she's a visitor, isn't she?"
Adelheid: "Huh!? Y-Yes, well..."
Ushio: "We have her helping out as an expert in the field of magic."
Maya: "Sure, I might've only understood half of what you guys were talking about... but that's exactly why I'm scared of going home by myself!!"
Maya: "What if one of the patrolling Disciplinary Committee members sees me? Are they going to take me away somewhere?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, you... Actually, I wonder."
Adelheid: "...Personally, I wouldn't want her to accidentally leak something, so I'd keep her with us."
Maya: "See!?"
Shizuka: "Like I told you before, we can get you to the front gate using that key!"
Maya: "But isn't there a limit on how many times you can use it?"
Shizuka: "One time is fine!!"
Maya: "What if that one time ends up costing you your life?"
Shizuka: "That... Well, I can't say that won't happen, but still...!"
Maya: "No buts. I'm not going home and that's final!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why are you so insistent on staying here?"
Maya: "Do you think I could just go home and pretend I didn't see anything? Would you be able to?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Probably not."
Maya: "There's your answer."
Maya: "The ones who are truly in danger are the west dorm students, right? Some of them are my friends, you know. And there are some in my class. You should know that, Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, of course."
Maya: "So let me help you guys out! I'm not going home!!"
*She's making it hard for us to refuse since we know full well how she feels...*
Ushio: "...There's no way to persuade you to escape and leave things to us?"
Maya: "It's not that I don't trust you, but aren't you short on people too?"
Ushio: "We are, to be quite honest."
Shizuka: "Hey!"
Ushio: "We can't hide that fact."
*Having apparently given up, Mooko forces a smile and shrugs her shoulders.*
Maya: "Let me help then! I don't know anything about magic, but there has to be something I can do, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You do understand how dangerous this is going to be, right? The enemy is desperate, so there's no guarantee we're going to make it out of this alive."
Maya: "...I know, or at least I think I do. If it ever seems like I'm holding everyone back, I'll step aside."
*I'm impressed, considering how happy-go-lucky she usually is.*
*It sounds like she understands what she's getting into.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, fine..."
Maya: "Yaaay!! I knew you'd be willing to listen, Koga!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't just flip back to your usual optimism!!"
Shizuka: "Seriously...? Don't look at me if things go wrong..."
Adelheid: "Unfortunately, we'll have to take any help that we can get our hands on."
Ushio: "Indeed."
*We don't know how much mana Kurodani has, but she should at least be able to use the Key of Janus once without any problems, since even Mooko can.*
*As things stand right now, that's extremely valuable to us.*
Ushio: "Kurodani-san, please make sure you follow our instructions to the letter, okay?"
Maya: "Roger that!"
*She gives a salute.*
*Murakumo seems to have finally given up as well and sighs heavily.*
Ushio: "...Now then, let's get back to the main topic."
*When she says that, Kurodani's expression also turns serious, and she obediently keeps quiet and sits up straight.*
*It's her way of showing that she won't get in the way.*
Ushio: "According to Adelheid-san, we should have a bit of time available to us."
*She's referring to how the enemy is probably in the same condition as Michiru after having used such a huge spell.*
Ushio: "We should quickly figure out how we want to spend this time."
Shizuka: "...Regardless of what we decide on, I want some way to counterattack."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, with Ulrick on their side, brute force isn't going to cut it."
Shizuka: "Yeah. Hey, are we able to use that fainting perfume too? Do you mind if we borrow some?"
Adelheid: "You should be able to, and yes, it would be good if you had some as a defensive measure."
Ushio: "Do you have any left?"
Adelheid: "I have the ingredients in my room, so I can quickly make some. I'll be right back."
*Heidi opens the door to the hallway, and hastily runs off after confirming that there's nobody around.*
*I'm a little worried about whether she'll be okay by herself, but from the looks of it, they haven't figured out that we're in the east dorm yet.*
Shizuka: "It sure is annoying not being able to use the Key of Janus."
Ushio: "It's what we have to do to conserve the mana we have."
*Before long, Heidi returns safely with the perfume ingredients.*
Adelheid: "...I have some bad news."
Ushio: "What is it?"
Adelheid: "I don't have the ingredients to make another batch of the perception blocking perfume we used earlier."
Shizuka: "Geh, seriously?"
Adelheid: "It was a bit complicated to have it also protect the user from being found by the Key of Janus, so I couldn't make much in the first place."
Ushio: "How much do you have left?"
Adelheid: "Only enough to last until tomorrow night if we keep using it on everyone here."
Ushio: "Tomorrow night..."
Mitsuyoshi: "And when that happens, they'll be able to find us using the key."
Adelheid: "Yes, that's correct."
Shizuka: "...In that case, shouldn't we come up with some sort of plan?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, but what exactly do you suggest we do?"
Shizuka: "Shouldn't we prioritize Louis? If we can remove the hypnosis on Ulrick, then we can wake him up, right?"
Adelheid: "Yes, but..."
*After a bit of thought, Heidi slowly shakes her head.*
Adelheid: "It certainly would be reassuring to have Louis with us... but it's too risky to take Ulrick on."
Adelheid: "He's a Weinberger magician as well, so he knows how to deal with perfumes. We're at a disadvantage with that as our only weapon."
Mitsuyoshi: "Right, you're specialists in that field."
Shizuka: "Hmm, so if Louis is out of the question, then what about the Disciplinary Committee members?"
*All of them have been hypnotized and are now our enemies.*
Shizuka: "I think we'd be able to handle taking them out one at a time as they make their rounds in the area."
Adelheid: "But wouldn't it be dangerous for us to be moving around when we still don't know what the enemy's up to?"
*She looks over at Mooko to ask for her opinion.*
*Mooko takes a few seconds to think.*
Ushio: "Knocking them out one at a time and bringing them back to dispel the hypnosis... would be possible, I believe."
Ushio: "However, in order to do that, we would have to use the Key of Janus several times."
Ushio: "We aren't Magie and are limited in the number of uses... This plan breaks down partway through, don't you think?"
Shizuka: "...Yeah, you're right."
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru's probably not waking up anytime soon either."
*And Heidi's already used the key a bunch of times today.*
*Murakumo's mana supply seems to be on the higher end, but it's too risky since we don't know how much we'd need to bring all of the Disciplinary Committee members back.*
*Having Kurodani help feels like we'd just be wasting our trump card, too...*
Ushio: "I've been wondering about this for a while now..."
*Mooko changes the topic during the break in the conversation.*
Ushio: "Why is the magic circle stopped even though they bothered to restore it?"
Shizuka: "The one in the other world? Well, the two scapegoats are missing, for starters..."
Ushio: "But that doesn't make sense. This is just conjecture, but both Mibu-san and Murakumo-san have been captured by the enemy, meaning that they're where the enemy is."
Shizuka: "Huh? Oh, right..."
Ushio: "With a magic circle that large, it probably takes quite a bit of effort to supply it with mana and activate it."
Ushio: "Which is why they had scapegoats replenishing it every day to keep the spell constantly running."
Ushio: "If it were me, I would've reused that magic circle instead of completely stopping it."
Ushio: "There's no reason not to do so when Mibu-san and Murakumo-san are readily available."
Shizuka: "Maybe by the time they captured those two, it was already too late?"
Adelheid: "No, when we checked yesterday, its alarm system was still functional."
Ushio: "What are your thoughts on the matter, Koga-kun?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's see... So basically..."
*I think I have an idea of what Mooko's getting at, so I open my mouth to speak.*
*It was stopped on purpose*
*They're saving Kasumi and Tsubaki's mana*
*It was stopped as a result of the teleportation spell*
Mitsuyoshi: "If they have Tsubaki-chan and Sumi-chan, they should've been able to keep the magic circle going."
Mitsuyoshi: "But they didn't do that, which means..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe they didn't want to spend so much of Tsubaki-chan and Sumi-chan's mana?"
Adelheid: "But they used to supply mana every day before, didn't they?"
Adelheid: "If they were able to do that and live their lives normally, that means it wasn't that taxing on their bodies."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, right. So since it's possible for the enemy to keep the magic circle up and running, they didn't because..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe they already had their hands full with that spell that transported all the west dorm students back here?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I remember we were talking about how they couldn't revive the Night students so soon because of that."
Adelheid: "That's true, but with Tsubaki and Kasumi, they would've been able to keep the magic circle running."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, right. So since it's possible for the enemy to keep the magic circle up and running, they didn't because..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...they had some reason for switching it off?"
Ushio: "It's possible, is what I'm saying."
Adelheid: "Let's go to the library. We can look into how the world with the magic circle was created."
Ushio: "We'll be counting on you for that... Ah, but Murakumo-kun, please hold onto the Key of Janus."
Shizuka: "You sure? How are you going to get back?"
Ushio: "The perception-blocking perfume is still in effect, so we should be fine."
Ushio: "I have a feeling that this place isn't going to be safe for much longer, so if the time comes, you need to be able to take Michiru-san and Louis-san somewhere else."
Ushio: "Kurodani-san should be able to manage carrying Michiru-san through the door, right?"
Maya: "Yep, leave it to me!"
*She says that excitedly, perhaps happy that she's been given a real task.*
Shizuka: "I get it now... All right, I'll keep it."
Adelheid: "We should decide where you'll go if that happens."
Shizuka: "How about Kasumi's room? The Disciplinary Committee members wouldn't be able to get there easily."
Ushio: "...Good idea. That settles it then."
*Heidi opens a door to the library and passes the key back to Murakumo afterwards.*
Maya: "Be careful."
Ushio: "We will. The same goes for you as well."
Maya: "Got it!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hold down the fort while we're gone, Shizuka-chan."
Shizuka: "Don't call me that!"
Adelheid: "It looks like you're done idling now. Let's go."
Mitsuyoshi: "What's that supposed to mean...?"
*She seems to have developed a weird understanding of our relationship.*
*But I don't have the time to be asking her about that, so I shrug it off and look through the open door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Okay, coast looks clear."
Ushio: "Let's get going."
*The library is silent as usual.*
*Passing by here every day to go to the Bureau office feels like a distant memory.*
Adelheid: "...Other world, other world... Hmm, that category should be around here."
Ushio: "Anything related to the formation of that world, right...? Not this area..."
*Mooko and Heidi look up at the towering bookshelves in search of books pertaining to that other world.*
*That's not exactly something I'm good at, so I'm keeping a lookout instead.*
Ushio: "What about this? It doesn't use a magic circle, but don't the mushrooms in this illustration look like the ones we saw near that structure?"
Adelheid: "Let me see... Latin, huh? It's a fairly old book from the looks of it."
Ushio: "Can you read it?"
Adelheid: "I think so... Ah, it seems that the mushrooms are also used as magical implements."
Ushio: "...Really? You didn't feel any magic from them though, right?"
Adelheid: "The mushrooms themselves aren't magical objects, but they apparently have a relatively high amount of natural mana compared to other plants."
Ushio: "I see... So just like that Mist's ink bottle, they store up mana?"
Adelheid: "Yes, and having objects with large amounts of mana in the vicinity speeds up the rate at which mana naturally accumulates."
Ushio: "So were those mushrooms not grown using magic, but instead native to some other world?"
Adelheid: "Apparently so... This might be a clue. Ushio, I think this is the name of the place. Could you look for any books that mention it?"
Adelheid: "If they adapted various elements of that world in creating that space, then the magic circle might've been based off of something there, too."
Ushio: "Understood."
Mitsuyoshi: (This is turning out to be a lot of work...)
*We only have a vague idea of what's going on, so we're desperately grasping at straws.*
*I want to help out, but I'm absolutely hopeless when it comes to knowledge of magic, let alone Latin.*
*Without much else to do, I look amongst the other bookshelves, checking that there's nobody hiding in the shadows.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―......!?"
*A familiar color passes through the corner of my vision.*
*The color of a girl's skirt from our school uniform.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Is someone else here!?)
*Don't tell me there were students besides Kurodani who stayed behind.*
*I hurriedly chase after the fluttering skirt that disappeared behind a bookshelf in the distance, trying my best to make as little noise as possible.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wha..."
*She turns around, not looking at all surprised.*
*Carrying a large book as she always does―*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito!?"
Rito: "Oh, long time no see."
*In spite of our everyday lives having been turned upside-down, she smiles gently, as if nothing had happened at all.*
Ushio: "Rito-san...!?"
*It seems that Mooko and Heidi heard my surprised voice earlier and came running over.*
Adelheid: "I-Is... that really you, Rito?"
*She's wary of her being an imposter again.*
*Heidi stops moving and scans Rito from top to bottom.*
Rito: "Really me? Yes, I am me."
*She definitely looks like Rito... but since she's a homunculus to begin with, we can't use that lamp Mist to check.*
*Mooko also looks a bit doubtful and calmly poses a question.*
Ushio: "Rito-san, when did you get back? I thought that you were kidnapped."
Rito: "Yes, I was confined and it was quite the predicament."
Adelheid: "How did you escape?"
Rito: "They released me. Mibu Tsubaki and Murakumo Kasumi were brought in and they let me go in exchange."
Ushio: "...What does this mean? Weren't you and the two scapegoats captured for different reasons?"
Rito: "Having too many people in that space imposes too much of a burden on the Magie creating it, so that was probably why."
Ushio: "By 'that space', are you referring to one that is separated from the current flow of time?"
Rito: "Yes."
Adelheid: "So that's how it works, huh? The number of people there... Since you were released, Rito, it's based on the number of people physically there rather than the number of souls?"
Rito: "Yes, that's correct."
Mitsuyoshi: "Basically, it was over capacity."
Ushio: "And even if they released Rito, all of the Mists have been sealed anyway..."
Rito: "Tsuduraorizaka Fuhito also mentioned that. 'Worry not, for they shouldn't be able to use any Mists when they're all sealed,' she said."
Ushio: "'Worry not'...? Was there someone there who the principal had to answer to?"
Rito: "That is what she said."
Ushio: "Who was present in that space? Please give me their full names."
Rito: "Tsuduraorizaka Fuhito, Shogoin Momoka, Murakumo Kasumi, Mibu Tsubaki, and one more person."
Ushio: "Who was the last person?"
Rito: "I can't answer that. It would be a breach of confidentiality."
Ushio: "Confidentiality... you say?"
Rito: "Yes. I am not allowed to say it."
Ushio: "Is that so..."
*Come to think of it, when Mooko asked Rito to keep a secret a while back, Rito did say that if she were asked about the matter, she would respond saying that it's a breach of confidentiality.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She really wasn't lying about that...)
*Figuring that it would be impossible to force the answer out of her, Mooko doesn't pursue it any further.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Hold on... If Rito's here, can't we use that Mist? The pen, I mean."
*Assuming that she's the genuine Rito, of course.*
*If that quill pen works as expected, we'll know for sure that she's real.*
*Mooko nods, having come to the same conclusion.*
Ushio: "...Indeed, we should be able to read more of Lazurit's memories."
Adelheid: "Let's split up. I want to do some more research on the magic circle, so you go on without me."
Mitsuyoshi: "Will you be okay by yourself?"
Adelheid: "I have the fainting perfume. If anything happens, I'll run away immediately."
Ushio: "...Understood. We'll leave it to you then. The three of us will head back to the room."
Ushio: "I'm sorry to ask this of you, Rito-san, but could you please help us out?"
Rito: "I don't mind."
Mitsuyoshi: "I hope Michiru can wake up..."
*Murakumo has the Key of Janus, so we have no choice but to walk back.*
*Thankfully, Mooko and I are protected by the perception-blocking perfume, but if anyone discovers Rito, it's game over.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll take the lead. Mooko, you follow behind me with Rito."
Ushio: "All right. Rito-san, there are Disciplinary Committee members on patrol, so please be careful not to be seen by them."
Rito: "Okay."
*She doesn't ask why and obediently follows our orders.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I guess she doesn't care at all why we're asking her to do this...)
*I know full well that she's a homunculus, but I get mixed feelings every time I'm reminded of that fact.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Okay, let's go."
*Saying that to snap myself out of it, I leave the library with Mooko and Rito.*
*We spot several Disciplinary Committee members along the way, but since they won't notice us unless we make some loud noise, moving about wasn't too much of a hassle.*
*We reach Tsubaki-chan's room faster than expected and open the door with relief.*
Shizuka: "―What!? Rito!?"
*Murakumo is in shock after seeing the three of us walk in.*
Shizuka: "I thought you were captured!"
Rito: "Yes, I was."
Shizuka: "So why are you here?"
Ushio: "They released her apparently."
Shizuka: "What!? You mean the principal did?"
Ushio: "However, I have some bad news."
*When we tell him that Tsubaki-chan and Sumi-chan took Rito's place as captives, as expected, Murakumo bites his lip in frustration.*
Shizuka: "So we were spot on when we thought that they were captured..."
*The Key of Janus not working was practically conclusive evidence.*
*But he wanted to grasp onto the faint hope that they might've found some way to conceal themselves since they're Magie...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Losing even that must've hit him hard.)
Shizuka: "...Well, on the bright side, we got Rito back."
*He takes a deep breath and pulls himself together.*
*He's a surprisingly tough guy.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I guess... he's grown since that incident he caused because of Sumi-chan.)
Shizuka: "We can use the pen, right?"
Ushio: "Yes, that was the plan."
Shizuka: "Looks like I've got to do it then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you sure you can handle it?"
Shizuka: "I don't need your concern. It's making me sick. I'm not that weak."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not worried about you, I'm just worried about how you won't be able to use the Key of Janus when push comes to shove, Shizuka-chan."
Shizuka: "Will you stop calling me that already!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "If only Michiru would wake up..."
Michiru: "Mmm...? You called?"
*Hearing my blanket rustle, I see Michiru turning over and opening her eyes.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you were awake?"
Ushio: "Any normal person would wake up with this much noise around them."
Shizuka: "S-Sorry. How are you feeling, Michiru?"
Michiru: "Wha...? Huh... Ah, umm..."
*She starts fidgeting, and I see that it's because she saw Rito.*
Rito: "...Hello there."
Michiru: "Ah, umm, h-he...llo..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't be so shy the moment you wake up. You really need to fix that."
Ushio: "This is Rito-san. She is a homunculus who is always in the library and takes care of the Mists."
Mitsuyoshi: "We've mentioned before that she went missing."
Michiru: "...Ah, I think... I remember... something like that..."
*Sometimes she's awake when we have our group discussions, but she's been sleeping through them for the most part. Guess she doesn't remember.*
Ushio: "Rito-san, this is Koga-kun's younger sister, Michiru-san."
Rito: "Koga... Michiru? You both have the same name?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh."
Shizuka: "She's the real Michiru. This is Koga... What was your name again?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Didn't take you long to forget it. It's Mitsuyoshi."
Rito: "You are Koga Mitsuyoshi. And she is Koga Michiru. I understand now."
*She accepts it instantly, not surprised about it at all.*
Michiru: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll explain everything to you, so get up if you can."
Michiru: "...Okay."
*It's the complete opposite of how I'm always telling her to sleep, so she obediently gets out of bed, having realized that something important has happened.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―And that's the gist of it. With Rito back, we'd like to use the quill pen."
Michiru: "...I see."
*She glances over at Murakumo.*
*It seems that she's worried, after hearing that his sister was indeed captured.*
*Noticing that, Murakumo asks Rito again:*
Shizuka: "...They didn't do anything to Kasumi or Mibu-san, right?"
Rito: "Nothing in particular. The two of them were asleep."
Shizuka: "So things are fine on that front for the time being. Sorry for making you worry."
Michiru: "I-It's okay."
*She shakes her head hesitantly.*
Michiru: "It's good... that they're not hurt. Let's use that Mist."
*She wants to help out however she can.*
*Taking the initiative, she reaches for the box and takes out the black pen.*
Ushio: "Thanks for doing this. Please don't push yourself too hard."
*Mooko opens up the black notebook and places it in front of Michiru.*
Michiru: "...I'm fine. The last time didn't make me feel tired either."
*We were talking back then about how simply letting mana flow into the Mist isn't that taxing.*
Michiru: "I'll get started now."
*She puts the pen on top of the notebook and holds her hand above it to supply it with mana.*
*It looks like she's gotten the hang of it after having done it once before, as the pen doesn't do anything strange this time before starting to write―*
*Her ceramic doll that she's treasured all this time broke.*
*Before she came here, she was always carrying it lovingly in her arms.*
"It was my fault... I can't believe I dropped it..."
*It goes without saying that she's depressed, tears rolling down her cheeks as she picks up the fragments and places them on top of a beautiful cloth.*
"I'm sure the doll knows that you didn't drop her on purpose."
"Mother... Yes, but..."
"Don't cry now. You'll make her sad too if you do."
"...Okay."
*What do I do?*
*The doll's been completely shattered to pieces, unable to be repaired.*
*Though―*
*Maybe it can be restored using magic.*
*But should I really go down that route?*
*If something breaks, I can easily fix it with magic.*
*There is a risk that she'll end up getting into that mindset.*
*Taking that point of view, although I feel sorry for her, I can't restore it so lightheartedly.*
"...Shall we bury her?"
*I was debating it for a while, but I decided to have her say goodbye.*
*I don't want her to grow up relying on magic.*
*I want her to learn that regaining something you have lost is not an easy task.*
*We take the cloth with the remnants of the doll and bury it in a corner of the garden, making a grave.*
"I'm sorry... Thank you for being with me all this time... Goodbye..."
*She held her hands in prayer for a long time.*
*It seems that her classmates saw her like that.*
"Mother, look!"
*It's been a while since I've seen her smile so brilliantly.*
*In her arms is a cloth doll.*
"My, how cute. Where did she come from?"
"My friends gave her to me! They told me to cheer up and said that she won't break even if I drop her!"
"That's great."
"I made everyone worry about me. That's why they all came up with this."
"...I see. You have some amazing friends."
"Yes, Mother! I'm so happy..."
*I'm sure she's happier about her friends trying to cheer her up than about getting a new doll.*
*I secretly went to check up on her at school.*
"Thank goodness. You're back to your usual self."
"Thanks! Sorry for making you worry."
"It's fine! We're glad that you like her."
"She's so cute. I keep her by my pillow and sleep with her, and..."
*She was smiling happily, surrounded by her classmates.*
*What a relief.*
*I made her experience something sad, but I definitely made the right choice.*
Ushio: "Ceramic doll... That was the one she was carrying when she first appeared, right?"
Michiru: "It broke? That's so sad..."
*She says that with a sigh.*
*The quill pen wobbles in the air, urging us to continue.*
Ushio: "...Please keep going."
Michiru: "Okay."
*After Mooko flips the page of the notebook, the pen starts writing out memories again.*
*...Something tragic happened.*
*There has been news that one of her friends who gave the new doll to her lost her family in an accident.*
"What do I do, Mother? She looks really sad."
"Yes... That's to be expected..."
"When I was feeling down, she cheered me up, so I want to do something for her now."
*She's worried about her friend, and a pained expression appears on her face.*
"So I was thinking about giving her a doll as a present too."
"...I understand how you feel, but I don't think a doll is going to fill the hole in her heart."
"I can't...?"
"It's not that you can't. I'm sure she'd be happy about your feelings... but a doll is different..."
"......"
*She carefully thinks this over.*
*She understands that her friend lost something precious.*
*However, she doesn't quite grasp the idea that trying to cheer her up in the same way won't work.*
"...I think it would be best to give her some time alone."
"A doll won't work?"
"Yes, it's unfortunate, but dolls are different from family... from people."
"Different from people... Okay, I understand."
*She nods, and I feel a bit relieved.*
*I had an urgent piece of business to attend to overseas.*
*That's why I wanted her to understand no matter what―*
*Was it my fault?*
"Dolls are different..."
*Was it my explanation?*
"...from family..."
*Was I in too much of a rush?*
"...from people."
*I never imagined that things would turn out this way.*
Shizuka: "Looks like something happened."
Michiru: "I-I really want to know... what happens next."
Ushio: "It's no good to rush. You'll end up going too far back again."
Michiru: "I'll try my best... One drop at a time, one drop..."
*She tries to focus by repeating that to herself.*
*As Louis said, this fine regulation is mentally taxing, and it might be even harder for Michiru since she has so much mana.*
*Nevertheless, the pen doesn't show any strange behavior and continues to operate smoothly.*
*My long business trip was finally over and I returned to the school.*
*I can't wait to see her again.*
*However―*
"Welcome back, Mother!!"
*She comes running up to me, beaming.*
*It goes without saying that I embrace her in response.*
"Thanks. Have you been a good girl while I was gone?"
"Of course, Mother. Hehe, actually..."
"Oh, what happened?"
*She looks awfully excited.*
*I'm sure it must be good news about her friend who was depressed.*
"Mother, there's someone I want to introduce you to."
"Introduce? Don't I already know all of your friends?"
"This is someone different! Her!"
*She points behind.*
*I see her classmates there... as well as an unfamiliar face.*
"That's right, Mother. You could tell right away, couldn't you?"
*...I'm not sure how to describe the shock I felt.*
*I could tell at a glance that she was not human.*
*She was the work of a Magie's blood.*
*The traces of magic surrounding her body gave it away.*
*But... what is this unease I feel?*
"Is she..."
"She's our friend. See? Everyone's getting along with her."
"What...!? But... isn't she a homunculus...?"
"Wow, Mother! You could tell just by looking? Yes, that's right. I made her!"
"......"
"Mother? What's the matter?"
"But... But why... do I see a soul inside of her...!?"
*Homunculi do not have souls.*
*This has been common sense since ancient times, for as long as magic has existed: a hard and fast rule.*
*Yet―*
"I created it."
*Ah, I didn't want to hear that.*
*I figured it out halfway through, and she says it proudly.*
"I created it, Mother."
"You... You did...?"
"Yes, because if she didn't have a soul, she'd be nothing more than a doll, correct?"
*Nothing more than a doll... Different from dolls... Different from people... The words I told her spin around in my mind.*
"That's why I told her to have a soul. I created it."
"Unbelievable..."
*I feel like I'm about to pass out.*
*She created a soul―a life.*
*Using magic. Intentionally. An artificial one.*
*No Magie has been able to do that before.*
*No Magie has ever tried.*
*It would go against nature. It would be a sin.*
"Mother...? What's wrong, Mother?"
"Ah... Why..."
"Mother? Are you not happy? She's different from a doll."
"You can't...!!"
*Surprised by my outburst, she shrinks away.*
*I have to teach her.*
*That this is something that should never happen.*
*I may end up making her cry, but at the very least―*
"Listen, you are never to create another homunculus like her ever again."
"Why...?"
"That is a sin."
"A sin..."
"Creating an artificial life that never existed is something that should never be done."
"...I don't understand..."
"Yes... Yes, it is something that is difficult to grasp. But please promise me that you'll never do this again, okay?"
"...Promise."
"Please. I want you to promise me."
"...Okay, I promise."
"Thank you... You're a good girl."
*She doesn't yet understand what is right and what is wrong.*
*But that's something I have to teach her.*
*No matter how long it takes, I have to make her understand the gravity of what she's done...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Something's weird...)
*I can't properly explain it, but something feels strangely out of place.*
*Wondering if Mooko is feeling the same way, I look at her out of the corner of my eye, but I can't figure out what she's thinking.*
Ushio: "Let's keep going."
*It looks like she's picked up on it, but she might've already had an idea to begin with.*
Maya: "Hey!!"
*Kurodani, who was looking out the window―probably bored from not understanding what's going on―suddenly turns to us and raises her voice.*
Shizuka: "Whoa, that came out of nowhere."
Maya: "There are people gathering outside the dorm."
Shizuka: "What!?"
*We rush over to the window and see that there are several Disciplinary Committee members surrounding the building.*
Ushio: "This looks bad."
Mitsuyoshi: "We have the perception-blocking perfume on us, but they might still find us if they search hard enough."
Shizuka: "...Do we want to move to Kasumi's room?"
Ushio: "Yes, we should get out of here for now."
Shizuka: "All right then."
*Using the Key of Janus, Murakumo opens a door to his sister's room in the clock tower.*
*The rest of us get up and walk towards the door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? What's with that luggage, Kurodani?"
Maya: "I-It's something important!!"
*She follows after the others while carrying an awfully large bag.*
*Well, she probably had a lot of things to take home for the holiday, but was she carrying something that big when I saw her before she left?*
*Maybe she got a change of clothes from her room.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, right, we should let Heidi know that we've moved. I'll head over."
*I call out to Mooko, who's already in Sumi-chan's room.*
Ushio: "Will you be okay on foot?"
Mitsuyoshi: "We should save our mana for the key, right? I'll be right back, so you guys keep going with the diary."
*With that, I leave Tsubaki-chan's room and go into the hallway.*
*When I find Heidi in the library and tell her that we're moving, she comes back with me and we arrive at Sumi-chan's room together.*
Maya: "Welcome back."
Mitsuyoshi: "I've already told Heidi the gist of it on the way here. How much further did you get?"
Michiru: "Uu... Well..."
Ushio: "It went berserk again."
*The quill pen is lying on top of the notebook without any signs of movement.*
*Apparently, it started spinning like crazy again and they rushed to stop it.*
Michiru: "Sorry, I couldn't do one drop at a time anymore."
Adelheid: "Oh... Is it because of the change in location?"
Ushio: "Perhaps due to us being in a place separate from our usual world?"
Adelheid: "That's possible. It should be fine once she gets used to it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Get some rest then."
Michiru: "Okay..."
*She becomes upset and dejected.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It'll be all right once you get used to this place. There's no need to rush it."
Michiru: "...I know, thanks."
*She nods and leans against the side of Sumi-chan's bed.*
*She then looks around the interior of the room.*
*She's trying her best to become accustomed to this place.*
Shizuka: "...Any luck on your end? Did you find any clues in the library?"
Adelheid: "Unfortunately, no. 'That space was created using mana' is about all I found."
Ushio: "So it's not that it's connected to another world, but rather the entire space itself was created with magic?"
Adelheid: "Exactly. Those strange creatures normally exist in a world that's different from the one the mushrooms are from."
Ushio: "I see. So useful elements were borrowed from various places to create this."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sounds like a lot of work went into it."
Adelheid: "That's why I was thinking that maybe they plan on using that space as a substitute for the Day of the Eclipse..."
Ushio: "And to that end, they set up various things in order to increase the amount of mana that's naturally produced by it?"
Adelheid: "That would be my guess. However, that still doesn't explain why they stopped the magic circle."
Ushio: "Indeed..."
*Hearing Heidi's explanation, Mooko furrows her brow and goes deep into thought.*
*The mood in the room is heavy, since we're stuck at yet another impasse.*
*Having detected that, Kurodani pipes up.*
Maya: "Hey, let's take a break then!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? ...Wait, what the heck is that?"
*Kurodani opens the massive bag she was guarding and lays out all sorts of food.*
Maya: "...They say you can't fight on an empty stomach!"
*Bread, milk cartons, salad... They don't stop coming.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Where'd you get all this?"
Shizuka: "Aren't those milk cartons from the dorm cafeteria?"
Maya: "Yep. I swiped a few things from there this morning when everyone was still asleep."
Shizuka: "This is way more than a few."
Maya: "Ahaha, don't mind the details! We're holing ourselves up so it's important to stockpile, right?"
Shizuka: "Yeah, but still..."
Maya: "Here, Koga. I brought chili sandwiches for you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you sure are thoughtful."
Maya: "Leave it to me! I've got Tabasco sauce too."
*My hunger suddenly wells up at the sight of all this food before me.*
*Come to think of it, it's been a while since I last ate, and seeing this made my body painfully aware of that fact.*
Adelheid: "She's right. There's no point if we can't move due to empty stomachs."
Ushio: "Yes, I suppose we should eat."
Maya: "Right? Dig in, everyone!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't mind if I do. Here, you have some too, Michiru."
Michiru: "O-Okay. Umm... Thank you."
Maya: "Anytime! And well, not like it was mine to begin with anyway."
Shizuka: "What a smooth talker you are. Thanks for this, though."
Adelheid: "Thank you for the food."
Ushio: "Thank you..."
*For some reason, Mooko glances at me, beckoning me over.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's up?"
*Pretending to pick up a bun, I move closer to her.*
Ushio: "This isn't spicy, but please eat this."
Mitsuyoshi: "Why?"
Ushio: "Because you... eat more than the average person..."
*Oh, I see. She's worried about me because of my illness.*
*Picking up on that, Kurodani takes out a bunch of rice balls from inside her bag and piles them up in front of me.*
Maya: "Oh, I've got tons, so don't worry! Make sure you eat up too, Shishigatani-senpai!"
Ushio: "Huh... Why?"
*Kurodani shouldn't know about my illness.*
*Surprised by her actions, Mooko's eyes widen and she unintentionally asks the question out loud.*
Maya: "Huh? Because Koga eats so much during lunch."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, yeah..."
Ushio: "...Is that so? Thank you for your concern..."
*She looks conflicted.*
*The possibility of being asked why she's the one saying thanks never even crossed her mind.*
*However, Kurodani doesn't seem concerned about that, replies with "You're welcome," and starts stuffing her face with a sandwich.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I sure hope Mooko's not thinking about something strange again...)
Ushio: "...Adelheid-san."
Adelheid: "Oh, Ushio. Are you already done eating?"
Ushio: "Yes, I'm quite full now."
*After having a quick meal with the provisions that Kurodani-san brought, we're taking a break so that Michiru-san can rest.*
Ushio: "Still no changes to the magic circle?"
Adelheid: "No..."
Ushio: "...I see..."
*It's good that nothing's happening.*
*But I still can't relax.*
Adelheid: "...Is something the matter?"
Ushio: "Huh..."
Adelheid: "You seem a little restless. It's not like you."
Ushio: "......"
*What am I doing?*
*My lack of composure is obvious enough to the point that even Adelheid-san has noticed.*
Adelheid: "What's wrong? If there's something on your mind, I'm all ears."
Ushio: "Well, umm... It's not related to the current incident at all, so..."
Adelheid: "I already know that much."
Ushio: "Huh?"
Adelheid: "There's no reason for you to feel restless about it, and if there were something you weren't certain about, you would just keep quiet, no?"
Adelheid: "...Something happened that's affecting your ability to focus, right?"
Ushio: "...I'm sorry."
Adelheid: "There's no need to apologize."
Ushio: "But this isn't the time to be worrying about personal matters."
Adelheid: "Even so, won't you feel better talking about it? I'm saying that if you need someone who will listen, I'm here for you."
*Feigning indifference, she turns her face away as she says that.*
Ushio: (...What a kind person.)
*She's even embarrassed that I know she's worried about me.*
*It's so charming that I can't help but smile.*
*Normally, I would pretend that it's nothing, but... the words come flooding out of my mouth because of this.*
Ushio: "...Kurodani-san, she..."
Adelheid: "Yes, what about her?"
Ushio: "Umm, this really isn't the time to be talking about this, but... if I leave it as it is, I won't be able to focus on anything else..."
Adelheid: "I know. Enough with the excuses already."
Ushio: "I-It's not an excuse."
Adelheid: "It is. Now what's this about Maya? Out with it."
Ushio: "...D-Doesn't she know a bit too much?"
Adelheid: "About what? It doesn't seem like she knows anything about magic or what's going on in the school."
Ushio: "Not that, umm... I mean about K-Koga-kun."
Adelheid: "......"
Ushio: "Like she knows too much about him, like how he prefers spicy foods, or that he eats a lot, and I can't help but wonder why she knows..."
Adelheid: "So in other words, you're curious if Maya is being too observant of Koga?"
Ushio: "Yes, that's exactly it. Moreso than necessary. Does it seem that way to you as well?"
Adelheid: "No, not at all."
Ushio: "Huh... Really...?"
Adelheid: "They're classmates, no? It wouldn't be strange for her to notice those things if they've eaten together a few times."
Ushio: "That's... true... I suppose so."
Adelheid: "Is there anything else she did that sticks out?"
Ushio: "It's nothing she did in particular, just..."
Adelheid: "Go on."
Ushio: "I get the feeling that she sees Koga-kun as more than just a classmate... Am I overthinking things? What do you think, Adelheid-san?"
*She tilts her head as she thinks.*
*She must be considering all of her interactions with Kurodani-san up until now.*
Adelheid: "...In my eyes, she hasn't done anything that's hinted at that."
Ushio: "I-Is that so?"
*I breathe a sigh of relief when I hear that.*
Ushio: "Am I just seeing things in the wrong light?"
Adelheid: "Hmm, I guess so. I feel like you're overreacting a little."
Ushio: "All right... Sorry for bringing up something so strange at a time like this. I'll focus on the incident at hand."
Adelheid: "It's nothing to be ashamed about. You are a girl after all."
Ushio: "Come again?"
Adelheid: "It's something important, so I can't blame you for it occupying your thoughts. Isn't there a saying in this country that starts with 'Life is short'...?"
Ushio: "Life... is short..."
*What follows after is... "Fall in love, girls."*
*What follows after is...*
"Fall in love, girls."
Ushio: "U-Umm...! You misunderstand...!!"
*She then gives a mischievous chuckle.*
Adelheid: "It may come as a surprise, but I'm actually quite fond of girl talk, especially when it comes to love."
Ushio: "Lo―! L-Like I said, you're misunderstanding..."
Adelheid: "Okay, okay, whatever you say."
Ushio: "Adelheid-san!?"
Adelheid: "The others will hear us if you're too loud."
Ushio: "......!!"
Adelheid: "Relax, I won't mention what we talked about. I'm not that ill-mannered."
Ushio: "...Thank you."
*My ears are burning.*
*I don't even want to think about how red my cheeks are.*
Adelheid: "...You should have more confidence in yourself."
Ushio: "Huh?"
Adelheid: "You're much more charming than you think."
Ushio: "......"
*She gives a cutesy wink before descending the stairs.*
Ushio: (What do I do...? When it comes to these things, I really...)
*I have to calm myself down.*
*Still... I feel something warm in my heart begin to blossom because of her words...*
Ushio: (...Thank you, Adelheid-san.)
*I might be more fortunate than I thought.*
Ushio: (Mutsuki... Wait for me. I―no, we―have very reliable friends by our sides...)
*I take a deep breath.*
*Heading down, I manage to return with steady steps to the room where everyone is waiting.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you're back. Michiru said she thinks she can do it now."
Ushio: "I see. Sorry for making you wait."
Michiru: "No, umm, I... It just felt that way to me..."
*Her cheeks are ever so slightly tinged with red as she shakes her head and waves her hands.*
Michiru: "I'm sorry if it ends up doing something weird again."
Shizuka: "If that happens, we can just move somewhere else or think of another plan."
Adelheid: "Yeah, there's no need to rush."
Michiru: "...Okay, thanks. I'll give it a try."
Maya: "Good luck."
*As I take a look at the people surrounding and encouraging Michiru-san, I take a seat next to Koga-kun, almost out of habit.*
*When Michiru-san holds out her hand, the black quill pen floats into the air.*
Michiru: "Ah, I think I can do it..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Nice, just stay calm now."
Adelheid: "You're doing well at controlling the amount of mana. Keep it up."
Michiru: "Okay."
*The pen operates as expected and begins to write in the notebook.*
*There was a festival at school today.*
*Seeing her play happily with her group of friends―her classmates, as well as that girl―gives me mixed feelings.*
"The crepes over there are super yummy!"
"Really?"
"Try them! I recommend them!"
"Thanks, I will... Should we go together then?"
"Okay."
*She takes that girl to the stall her friends recommended.*
*All I can do is watch them from a distance.*
*It's painfully obvious that she cares a lot about that girl, and that that girl cares a lot about her.*
*However, she is not a regular girl. She is a Magie.*
*And she possesses red eyes... An infamous Magie of Calamity.*
*Can I just leave her alone like this?*
*I can't reverse the fact that she was born.*
*That's the thought that briefly crossed my mind...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Huh? Isn't the festival where she got the water balloon?"
Michiru: "I think so."
Shizuka: "Didn't Lazurit and Sedmy go together?"
Adelheid: "Could this be a different festival? But judging from the timeline, the festivals would have to have been fairly close together..."
Ushio: "...Let's keep going and see."
*Mooko seems to have figured something out and presses Michiru to continue.*
Michiru: "Okay then..."
"...She's different from the other homunculi who simply follow orders, isn't she?"
*I persist in talking to her about the girl she created.*
"Yes, she's different. She's able to think for herself, and she understands happiness and sadness."
"That is something very amazing."
"Isn't it?"
"But at the same time, it is also something extremely terrifying."
"...Why is that?"
"If she's able to think for herself, then that means she can also do the wrong thing."
"But... I never taught her anything of the sort, Mother."
"Even so, you have already done the wrong thing by bringing her to life..."
"The wrong thing... That can't be. She's..."
"...She is not an ordinary girl. You know that, don't you?"
"...Yes."
"Having an immature parent like you teach her can be dangerous."
"Dangerous?"
"That's right. It may be better to distance yourself from her until she grows up a little... no, until you grow up as well."
"......!! No way...!!"
*As I had expected, this is coming as a shock to her.*
*I can't blame her, considering her infatuation with that girl...*
*But at the rate things are going, it will spell danger for everyone.*
"She has a soul. But at the same time, she's a homunculus."
"......"
"Which means that she'll listen to anything you say, but she also has the ability to think for herself."
"That's..."
"It's possible that in order to fulfill your wishes, she may come up with a wrong idea and follow through with it of her own accord."
"......"
"Do you understand? She is an extremely dangerous homunculus."
"Don't say that! She's different... She's not a regular homunculus. She's not a doll!!"
"...That's right, she's not a regular homunculus. She..."
"She's Sedmy! Her name is Sedmy! She's not a doll!!"
*The name she gave her.*
*Her proof that that girl is not a doll.*
"She was happy... that I gave her a name. That's why I know... that she's not a doll..."
*She curls up and starts sobbing uncontrollably.*
Shizuka: "Wait, wait, hold on. Isn't Sedmy supposed to be this girl's name!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's what we thought... What does this mean then?"
Ushio: "...I thought so."
Mitsuyoshi: "You knew?"
Ushio: "This entire time, we believed that there were only two main characters in these diaries: Lazurit and Sedmy."
Ushio: "But that was a mistake. The girl that Lazurit talks about in her diary isn't Sedmy. It's someone else."
Michiru: "Someone else..."
Adelheid: "We did just see that girl refer to another person as Sedmy."
*Mooko takes out the white notebook and flips to a page full of writing.*
Ushio: "Ever since I read this part, I thought that something wasn't quite right."
*I look down to read the page she has open.*
*―I asked Rito if she felt lonely now that Mother was gone.*
*―But Rito didn't seem to understand.*
*―"Lonely? Why?"*
*―She asked me in return, looking puzzled.*
Mitsuyoshi: "This is after the fire, right?"
Ushio: "Yes. Think back carefully. When we asked Rito-san about the events following the fire..."
Ushio: "What happened to her after the fire? Did she survive?"
Rito: "I don't know. I never saw her again after that."
Ushio: "Rito-san said that she never saw the girl Lazurit adopted again after the fire happened."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah...!!"
Michiru: "...But this person did meet Rito, and they talked."
Ushio: "Yes, meaning that the girl appearing in Lazurit's diary is not the owner of the memories from the white diary."
Adelheid: "So in other words, the memories in the white diary do not belong to that girl, but rather Sedmy, the homunculus she created."
Ushio: "I believe so."
Shizuka: "Damn, that was totally misleading...!!"
Michiru: "Then... who is this girl?"
Ushio: "We don't know yet. Let's keep reading."
Adelheid: "Indeed. In order to find out who she is, we'll have to know what happened after this."
Michiru: "Okay."
*With a serious expression, Michiru holds out her hand.*
*The black pen floats up in the air.*
*Today is the day of the school-wide assembly.*
*I walk briskly to the auditorium.*
"......? What...?"
*However, as I approach it, I hear some unusual noises.*
*Realizing that they're screams, I break into a run.*
"Wha... A fire...!?"
*When I arrive, the room is already engulfed in a sea of flames.*
*But these flames are―*
*I could tell instantly by the aura that they emanate.*
*That they were caused by her powers.*
*Her massive amount of mana is running rampant...*
"Noooo...!!"
"It hurts... Help me..."
*Returning to my senses, I rush over to the suffering students.*
"...Oh no, their souls are...!!"
*These flames are damaging their souls.*
*No, to be precise, their souls are burning, acting as fuel for the flames.*
*This is what happens when her powers go out of control, being a Magie of Calamity―one able to manipulate souls, of all things.*
*―I can't fix this with my own powers.*
*In the spur of the moment, I do what I can and cut out a piece of time.*
"Everyone, in here...! Run, escape from this moment... That's your only option...!!"
*I shove the suffering students one after another into the space I created.*
*The flames spread onto my hands as well, burning my clothes and my hair, but for now I couldn't care less.*
"Help me... Help... me..."
"Come on now, this way!! I've stopped time... I've stopped it so that you won't burn, so escape in here!"
*There are already several students who have collapsed and are unable to move.*
*But as long as there are still ones that I can save...*
*Moreover, what about her?*
*Where is she?*
*Ah, please... Please be alive...*
"Mo...ther..."
*As if the Heavens heard my prayers, I find her standing still, dazed amidst the flames.*
*Seeing me, she staggers forward.*
"Don't! I can't have you burn up as well!"
"M-Mother, I... I...!!"
"Calm down! You're the only one who can save them right now!"
"But... But everyone's on fire..."
"It's okay. I've stopped time in another place. That's why you have to save them."
"Save them? I can save them?"
"Yes, with your powers... So calm down. First, you have to regain control!"
"...O-Okay."
*She desperately focuses and tries her best to suppress her powers.*
*Nothing can be done about the flames that have already reached the building, but she should be able to prevent anything else from combusting.*
"...ther... Mother..."
"Sedmy!!"
*She turns in the direction of the voice.*
*The girl she created is calling for her, wandering around in tears.*
"No, don't come here! Run away, Sedmy!!"
"M-Mother, but..."
"Please, escape! You must...!"
"Why... Mother, why did things turn out this way...?"
"...I'm sorry. I was a fool, this was all my fault..."
"Your fault...? You caused this fire...?"
"Yes, I did... That's why I have to make things right. You must run away."
"...No matter what?"
*I will never forget her reaction to that question.*
*It was a look full of grief, sorrow, regret―as if the world were coming to an end.*
*If she answers in the affirmative, she would be admitting that Sedmy is a homunculus, a warped and pitiful doll to which she mistakenly gave a soul.*
*Nevertheless―*
"No matter what, Sedmy. Run away."
*She chose the option that would give Sedmy the highest chance of survival.*
"Goodbye... Mother."
"I'm sorry..."
*She sobs as she sees her creation depart.*
"I understand now... Why you said that she was dangerous... I finally understand..."
"It's okay..."
*She comes to embrace me, paying no heed to the flames on my body, and I have to stop myself from embracing her in return.*
"A doll... wouldn't have cried. It would've run away without crying like that..."
*Defying her will was the one thing Sedmy could not do, no matter how much pain or sadness she felt from having a soul.*
*Unable to even express her desire to stay, all she could do was turn away and leave her creator behind.*
"I... I did something... so cruel to her..."
"It's fine as long as you understand. Come now, we still have some work to do in order to save everyone."
"Mother..."
*I'm pulled back to reality by the sound of someone sighing.*
*It was Michiru, who heaved a heavy sigh with her eyes closed.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you tired?"
Michiru: "...No."
*She shakes her head.*
*I can see traces of tears in her eyes.*
Ushio: "Should we take a break?"
*Mooko tries to be considerate, but Michiru refuses and holds her hand over the pen again.*
Michiru: "Sorry, I'm all right now."
Ushio: "......"
Michiru: "I'll keep going."
*The black quill pen quickly rises up.*
*Working together, we somehow manage to suppress the fire.*
*Since the flames were created by mana, we were able to reign them in, but the parts of the building that caught fire are still smouldering.*
"Hah... hah... Mother..."
*She's been using her powers continuously this entire time, first from running rampant, and then to extinguish the flames.*
"Hang in there. You can stop now. Don't use any more of your powers."
"But the fire is still..."
"If you keep using up the power of your soul like this, you'll eventually lose your life, even with your mana reserves. You still need to rescue the students who escaped."
"Where are they? I'll..."
"You can't right now. Do it after your mana has recovered. It'll be okay. Time is stopped for them."
"...Okay, I got it."
*Yes, she is the final hope.*
*My mana... has already been depleted.*
*I'll probably use up the last of it by putting out the few remaining flames.*
*Even so―*
"Mother...!!"
"Sedmy!?"
*Perhaps it was because she saw that the fire had mostly subsided.*
"Kyaa...!!"
*The ceiling makes a dull creaking noise.*
"―No!!"
*A burning girder comes falling down, striking her... or so I thought, but it flies away as if it was repelled by something.*
"Ah..."
"N-No way..."
"...Mother...?"
*I run over to her, and hold her in my arms.*
*In no time at all, her body becomes cold to the touch.*
"...It can't be... That was..."
"Mother? What's wrong, Mother!?"
*Sensing that something is wrong, Sedmy gets up and clings to her motionless body, crying.*
"Mother! Mother!!"
"Hang in there! You mustn't die! You're the only one who can save those students!!"
"......"
*Even as Sedmy and I are in tears shaking her, her eyes are hollow and she doesn't respond.*
"Mother... Why? Hey, answer me..."
"......"
"What happened to Mother? Is she..."
*...She can't be saved.*
*I can tell that her soul is already trying to depart from this world.*
*...No spell can save her now―*
"...I don't have the mana left to save you anymore. So..."
*As I say that, I place my hand on her forehead and give her my meager remnants of mana.*
"At the very least, in order to buy you some time and place my hopes in the future, I will contain your consciousness in your soul."
"What are you doing?"
"I'm making it so that if your mother ever returns to this world, she'll be able to remember you."
"Is Mother going somewhere? Will she come back?"
"Yes, but I don't know when..."
*There's nothing else I can do.*
*I can only engrave the time that she's spent living into her very soul.*
*So that when her soul is reborn, she'll remember her promise with me―*
"Mo...ther..."
*Perhaps due to my mana, a bit of light has returned to her eyes.*
"Listen carefully. Transfer my power to this girl."
"To... Sedmy...?"
*She's able to manipulate souls. It's something that only she can do.*
*She can remove the power to manipulate time from my soul and copy it into Sedmy's.*
*There should be no problems, since she created Sedmy's soul.*
"Without this power, you can't reach where those students are."
"What about... you...?"
"...I don't have the strength to remain here anymore. You understand, right?"
"Mother... I'm sorry..."
"It's okay. You weren't the only one in the wrong. Now, will you grant me my final wish?"
"...Yes, Mother."
*The girl who would always serve me tea grasps my hand weakly as she responds in her usual tone of voice.*
*I can feel the power within me rapidly draining away.*
"Sedmy... Come here..."
"Yes, Mother."
*The place where her hand touches Sedmy's glows dimly.*
*The power that I lost is now in Sedmy.*
"Thank goodness... Now the students can be saved..."
"Mother... Mother Lazurit... I'm sorry, I..."
"Didn't I say that it wasn't your fault alone? I'm to blame as well. I should've taught you everything more slowly to make sure you understood."
*I was too hasty.*
*Because she was absorbing knowledge all too quickly.*
*I was so happy, so proud of her talent.*
*But I ended up rushing too much...*
*I'm overcome by a strange sensation, like my consciousness is drifting someplace far away.*
"Mother...? Mother, you look like you're fading away..."
"...I'm going to disappear."
*My soul no longer has the power to return to this world.*
*My entire being is going to vanish.*
"But promise me, okay? Promise me that you'll save your friends."
"Yes... I promise... Hey, Sedmy? You'll save them, won't you?"
"Promise? Yep, I promise."
*I close my eyes after seeing Sedmy nod to her.*
*My consciousness is drifting away with the wind, like mist.*
*I'm about to disappear.*
"...er... Mother..."
*I can still faintly hear her voice.*
*Ah, in that case... I want to at least leave behind a part of whatever remains of this mist that I've become...*
*―A single drop of my power.*
*My very own Mist.*
"Mother...!"
*―Goodbye, Angel.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Angel?"
*That was her name.*
*The girl who peered into Michiru's face.*
*The one who was in my memories of the fire...*
Michiru: "......?"
Michiru: "...It won't move anymore."
*She puts down her hand.*
Ushio: "That makes sense. Lazurit died after that..."
Michiru: "Yeah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*None of us are able to say anything for a while. We merely stare at the records of her final memories.*
*Kral Lazurit was not our enemy at all. She already perished 20 years ago...*
Mitsuyoshi: (At the very least, she wanted to save those students...)
*However, I can't help but think that her desires manifested into what she wanted least to happen, something that must be avoided at all costs:*
*The principal's stubborn obsession and Sedmy's memories.*
*―a warped and pitiful doll to which she mistakenly gave a soul―*
*That doll is the only one still in this world...*
Maya: "Umm..."
*Kurodani hesitantly raises her hand.*
Maya: "S-Sorry, I don't get what's going on at all. Could someone explain?"
Ushio: "...Yes, I think we have to sort out everything that we know so far."
Adelheid: "We've been operating under the assumption that there was only Lazurit and Sedmy, but we'll have to reconsider everything now that there's a third person."
*She crosses her arms and nods, with a serious expression on her face.*
*The heavy atmosphere has finally eased up a little.*
Ushio: "Let's start from the beginning so that Kurodani-san can understand."
Maya: "Please do!"
Ushio: "First, let's talk about this Mist."
*She tells Kurodani about how it can write out someone's memories in diary format as long as we have an item that belonged to them.*
Ushio: "And the first entry in this diary is her memory of adopting a girl."
Ushio: "This girl seems to be 'Angel', who she mentioned in the final entry."
Adelheid: "And Angel is a Magie, a Magie of Calamity who had the power to control souls."
Maya: "Magie of Calamity?"
Adelheid: "The term refers to Magie who possess powers so great that they're almost certain to bring about disaster. Their defining trait is their red eyes."
Maya: "I see..."
Shizuka: "That's what Lazurit was talking about when she said 'she is not a regular girl,' right?"
Ushio: "It seems so."
Ushio: "Moving on... Angel and Lazurit both trusted each other and lived together in peace for a while."
Ushio: "But, being the inexperienced Magie she was, she created a homunculus with a soul, something that was thought to be inconceivable..."
Adelheid: "That would be Sedmy."
*Mooko opens the first page of the white notebook, which contains Sedmy's memories.*
Ushio: "Rereading this now, it's from when she first awoke as a homunculus."
Adelheid: "And she was already capable of emotion then... She had a soul..."
*She says that with a heavy heart, reminded of a small homunculus who no longer exists.*
Ushio: "Rito-san, it appears that Sedmy was created during a time when Lazurit was absent. Was Angel researching how to create homunculi by herself?"
Rito: "Yes, she read several books in the library regarding them."
Adelheid: "It's clear that she was a talented Magie. Creating a homunculus by yourself is a huge feat."
Shizuka: "Was she only able to make one with a soul because she was a Magie with the power to control souls?"
Adelheid: "Of course. It's normally impossible to manufacture a soul."
Ushio: "So is it safe to assume that she's not lying when she said that she created one?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What do you mean?"
Ushio: "At the very end, she transferred the power in Lazurit's soul to Sedmy. What are the chances that she subconsciously called in a soul from elsewhere?"
Adelheid: "...Probably zero. Lazurit's astonishment seemed to have come from the outrageousness of her having created one."
Mitsuyoshi: "And if it were someone else's soul, wouldn't Sedmy's first thought upon waking up be something like, 'Where am I?'"
Ushio: "...That's true. I agree."
*She was most likely thinking that the probability was quite low, and wanted confirmation.*
*She nods and continues the conversation.*
Ushio: "After Angel was told to spend some time away from Sedmy, she became mentally unstable."
Shizuka: "And that fire was the result..."
Adelheid: "Lazurit determined that the fire was caused by her powers going berserk, so that sounds correct."
Ushio: "Her rampaging powers caused the students' souls to ignite and become damaged."
Mitsuyoshi: "And so Lazurit shoved them into a space where time was stopped so that they would stop burning."
Shizuka: "Now it makes sense why it says here that they'd burn if they were taken out."
Ushio: "Yes, if they were simply removed from there, it wouldn't prevent their souls from combusting."
Adelheid: "The only one able to do that is Angel... but she's..."
Shizuka: "Do you think she died afterwards...?"
Adelheid: "Lazurit said that she couldn't be saved, so probably..."
Mitsuyoshi: "In other words, Angel is dead too, and because Sedmy is the only one still alive..."
Ushio: "...They ended up going down the wrong path."
*It's just as Lazurit had feared.*
Ushio: "Sedmy created the principal and Shogoin-senpai in order to distract herself from her loneliness, or perhaps to help her in her task."
Maya: "Huh? They weren't human?"
Adelheid: "Here, read this."
*Heidi shows the surprised Kurodani the part in the white diary where Sedmy brings them to life.*
Maya: "...You're right. Oh, and that ermine is, too... Huh..."
*She furrows her brow, seeing that Sedmy had already started to lose her mind around then.*
Maya: "Hey, here it says that the principal came up with this crazy idea, but I thought that homunculi couldn't think for themselves."
Ushio: "It might be possible... since she was told by her master to devise a solution. Is that right, Rito-san?"
Rito: "...If it's Tsuduraorizaka Fuhito, it's possible."
Ushio: "What do you mean?"
Rito: "I can't do that. I am an index, so I can't stray from that duty."
Shizuka: "Even though you can follow us here?"
Rito: "Because that's not forbidden, not to mention that my being here is so that you could use a Mist, correct?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I see. Since your job is to explain Mists, it falls under your duties."
Rito: "Yes, that's right."
Maya: "Hmm, so you're saying that since the principal was originally created to be this Sedmy-san's 'friend,' doing something like that is allowed?"
Rito: "As long as she was ordered to do so."
Adelheid: "And she probably was. As a homunculus, she was able to ignore laws and ethics when coming up with a solution."
Shizuka: "And the result is as we see..."
Michiru: "...I'm sure... Lazurit-san would be sad."
Adelheid: "...Yeah."
*Right when Angel understood that, she lost her life...*
Ushio: "...Let's continue. Lazurit and Angel, having used up their mana to fight the fire, passed away, and Lazurit's power was transferred to Sedmy."
Ushio: "Using that power, she was able to create Lazurit Bloodstones, something that only Lazurit was able to do."
Shizuka: "Those stones are probably the reason why the principal and the other homunculi have been able to continue functioning for so long."
Adelheid: "Normally, you'd need mana to keep them running."
*And quite a lot of it to boot.*
*When Suwa Aoi created a small homunculus, she had to use her blood as a catalyst in order to have enough mana to maintain it.*
Ushio: "At the principal's suggestion, they reopened the school and brought the Realm of Night into existence."
Maya: "Realm of Night?"
Ushio: "The reason why this school forces all of its students back to their dorms once classes end."
*There's no point in keeping it a secret at this point, so Mooko explains to Kurodani what it is.*
Maya: "Okay...? Umm, so the vessels that the principal is referring to are the west dorm students? Is that why you were all saying that they're in danger?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You got it."
Ushio: "And... Karasuma-kun was also a Night student, and he was a trial run for keeping them around during the day."
Maya: "Huh..."
Ushio: "His vessel was Hanatate Mutsuki, my friend with whom I had lost contact."
Maya: "Wait, wait. So him going to do an investigation at another school was..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...As if we could just tell everyone that he disappeared."
Maya: "......"
Maya: "He's... gone..."
Mitsuyoshi: "He understood full well what was going to happen to him, and he helped us stop the ritual that would've made the Night students stay permanently."
*I explain what really happened on the night of the fireworks display.*
*Kurodani listens intently with a quiet expression that I've never seen on her before.*
Maya: "I can't believe it... They're sacrificing students to save other students? And they don't even realize the contradiction in what they're doing."
Adelheid: "That's a homunculus for you. To them, the order to save the students that Lazurit wanted to save is absolute."
Maya: "...That's scary. No wonder Lazurit was so against it."
Shizuka: "Yeah, but still..."
*He looks confused as he flips to the final page of the diary.*
Shizuka: "The stranger that Furoyamachi mentioned didn't appear in Lazurit's memories."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, now that you mention it, yeah. Lazurit got there after the fire started, so maybe that person was already gone by then."
Shizuka: "I wonder if they've got anything to do with Angel's powers going berserk."
Adelheid: "I can't say anything for certain... It's possible that she was startled by that unknown person, causing her powers to go rampant."
Ushio: "Yes, we don't have enough information about that to draw any conclusions."
Shizuka: "Hmm, yeah..."
Adelheid: "For now, I guess that about sums up what we know so far."
Ushio: "Yes, but... we now have something extremely troublesome on our plates."
*She says that glumly.*
*It's most likely what's on everyone's minds, but none of us are willing to say it out loud.*
Ushio: "Without the Magie of Calamity who is able to repair souls, we have no way of rescuing the Night students."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Shizuka: "Yeah..."
*We wanted to obtain some clues from these memories, but we ended up with a cruel conclusion instead.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Angel, huh...)
*Was that illusion of a girl I saw the real Angel?*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Ugh, I'm getting weird sweats now.)
*This ridiculous feeling that she was there back then...*
*Is that why whenever I think about that girl, my mind replays memories of the fire?*
*It might've been nothing more than a dream or a hallucination, but I definitely saw a girl who called herself Angel.*
*I should probably mention this now.*
*Yet... for some reason, my throat is jammed.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Am I hypnotized or something? No, that would've gotten dispelled when I stepped in the anti-hypnosis magic circle a while back...)
*It's not being caused by some surface-level spell.*
*It's something much more fundamental. I'm quite certain of it, but I can't tell what it is.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Omaru, even though I know someone who might be able to save you, I...)
*It's frustrating, but the words won't escape my mouth no matter what.*
Ushio: "...But even so."
*She speaks, having made up her mind.*
Ushio: "Even if they can't be saved, we must put a stop to the school's plans."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... That's for sure."
*My mouth, which wasn't doing what I wanted at all, now works normally.*
Mitsuyoshi: "That's what Omaru wanted too."
*It's like I broke free from Angel's shackles.*
*Apparently, it's fine as long as I don't touch upon that memory.*
*Though I still feel the frustration of not being able to bring it up...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Wait, maybe Mooko might...)
Michiru: "Yeah... I feel sorry for the Night students... but we have to stop them."
Shizuka: "I bet those students wouldn't want to be revived in this ridiculous way either."
Adelheid: "Agreed. We can't let them go through with this."
Maya: "...Yeah, I definitely think we have to stop them."
*Kurodani still remembers Omaru well.*
*She also understands that she may never be able to see him again.*
*Even so, we're all in agreement that we can't let the school have its way.*
Rito: "...Can I go back to the library now?"
Ushio: "Oh, yes. Thank you for your time."
Rito: "It was my pleasure. See you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, before you go, do you mind if I ask you something?"
Rito: "Sure, what is it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That last diary entry... Did you feel any pain or sadness after seeing Lazurit in her final moments?"
Rito: "Why do you ask?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No reason, just wondering if you did."
Rito: "...Would it be better if I did?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I... don't know..."
*If she did, would she have felt the same way as Sedmy did during Angel's final moments?*
*Unable to do anything, yet left with nothing but painful feelings.*
*Or would it be crueler if she couldn't feel even those emotions...?*
Rito: "Is that all?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... Actually, it'd be bad if the Disciplinary Committee found you, so I'll walk you back."
*As I say that, I shoot a glance over at Mooko.*
*She catches on instantly.*
Ushio: "I'll come as well."
*She gets up from her seat.*
*After sending Rito back to the library without incident, we take the underground path back to Sumi-chan's room.*
Ushio: "...What did you want to talk about?"
*She brings up the matter now that we're alone.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Right..."
*I feel a cold sweat break out on my back.*
*However, I don't feel the same restraints as I did earlier.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not entirely certain about this... but I think I've met that Angel girl before."
Ushio: "What?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It might've just been a dream."
*In fits and starts, I tell her about the translucent girl I saw that night.*
*About how she hung over Michiru and responded with "Angel" when I asked her for her name.*
*It's nothing more than a cryptic memory.*
Ushio: "...Let's suppose that it wasn't a dream. Are you saying that she did something to Michiru-san?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I don't know. All I can say for sure is that she raised a hand towards Michiru."
*But nothing's been wrong with my sister since then, and it doesn't seem like she remembers it either.*
*Honestly, my mind was probably just playing tricks on my eyes.*
Ushio: "What are the chances that Michiru-san is a Magie of Calamity herself?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...I thought about that too."
*I instinctively grimace.*
*It's the least desirable outcome.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Her eyes aren't red, so I don't think she is one, but..."
Ushio: "Indeed, but she hasn't made full use of her powers either."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, and that might be the only reason why we haven't seen her eyes turn red."
*Still, even if Michiru does possess the powers of a Magie of Calamity...*
Mitsuyoshi: "She doesn't know how to fully control her powers, so I highly doubt that she'd be able to do something as delicate as repairing souls."
Ushio: "...That's true."
Mitsuyoshi: "...And I don't want her to use her powers any more than this..."
Ushio: "I understand how dangerous it would be if her powers went berserk, so I'm of the same opinion."
*The fire that Angel caused... If Michiru does have red eyes, then the same thing might happen.*
Mitsuyoshi: (No... It already has...)
*Is that fire, the one I got burned in, proof that Michiru has those powers...?*
Ushio: "Nobody knows what might happen..."
*For a moment, I see an illusion of those flames, but Mooko's voice pulls me back before I get dizzy.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Back then...)
*She saved me when I was about to get devoured by that nightmare in the dream world.*
*She defended me from those memories that were about to attack me again.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, there's too much we don't know. Sorry, but could I ask you to keep this between us for now?"
Ushio: "...All right. I would feel bad for Michiru-san if we needlessly piled our expectations onto her..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, if she heard about it, who knows what she might try to do?"
Ushio: "Should we at least mention this to Adelheid-san?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No..."
*I subconsciously shake my head.*
Mitsuyoshi: "She may know a lot about magic, but this is too vague, and I want to reduce the chances of Michiru finding out about it as much as possible."
Ushio: "...I understand. You really are way too overprotective of her..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry. You're special, so forgive me."
Ushio: "Wha... Please don't tease me...!"
*She puffs out her cheeks and turns away.*
*That wasn't my intention at all, so I feel a little bad about it.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Really... Why can't I tell Heidi about it? If Mooko's there...)
*No, I still feel like I'd end up getting chills running down my spine, and my mouth would freeze up again.*
*It looks like that bad dream won't let me say any more than this.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Anyway, let's hurry on back."
Ushio: "Geez... You're so unfair..."
*She walks on ahead as she complains.*
*I whisper an apology to her from behind.*
*Upon returning to Sumi-chan's room, I see that Michiru has a blank page of the white diary open in front of her.*
Michiru: "Welcome back."
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you up to?"
Michiru: "This one uses the water balloon, so we can use it without Rito-san, right?"
Adelheid: "We were talking about how we should progress with Sedmy-san's memories some more."
Ushio: "...That's a good point. If we can figure out where she is now and what she's doing, we might be able to get some clues."
Shizuka: "She's probably hiding with the principal, so I hope we can at least figure out how to get there."
Michiru: "Can I start?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you sure you can keep going?"
Michiru: "Yeah."
Mitsuyoshi: "...All right then."
Michiru: "Okay, here I go."
*She places the white quill pen on top of the notebook, puts her hand over it, and focuses―*
*The school building that burned down was built anew.*
*Dormitories to house students were made as well.*
"We managed to attract tons of new students, Mother! Let us begin the ritual!!"
*After much time and effort, preparations to call forth those students from the space where time has stopped are complete.*
*During that time, countless students have been admitted and graduated. I wonder how many years it's been...*
"It's a carnival!! Come, Realm of Night!! Hahahahaha! Ha ha ha ha ha...!!"
*Her laughs echo.*
*The magic circle that we worked so hard to draw activates.*
*―Night has fallen.*
"Morning!"
"Good morning."
*The students who were in the space where time has stopped arrive at the school in the nighttime.*
"It was a success, Mother!! Look at all of them coming in!!"
"...Yes, they're attending school normally."
"You asked me to make them not suspect anything, so they're all hypnotized!"
"...I have to protect them."
*I must protect these students.*
*I promised after all.*
"Protect them? Ah yes, terrible things would happen if the day students stumbled upon them."
"Fuhito, I'm going to the school too."
"Oho, as a student? Come to think of it, you used to attend as well, didn't you?"
"I... think so."
"I remember you telling me that a long time ago. That means you'll adapt in no time!!"
*She brings me my uniform.*
*It doesn't feel like my first time putting it on.*
"It fits you perfectly, Mother!! Hahahaha!!"
"Fuhito, you come to the school as well."
"Will I also be a student?"
"...No. You should be someone who has more decision-making power. It'll be easier for you to catch those who interfere."
"Hmm, I see."
"What kind of role would be best?"
"According to these books, that is the job of what is known as a Disciplinary Committee member!!"
"Disciplinary Committee member... But those are also students. Anything else?"
"If not a student, then you would have to be the principal! The one responsible for the entire school!!"
*That might be good.*
*The teachers would have to listen to Fuhito too.*
*Deciding on that, I order Fuhito to be the principal and have Momoka take care of the Disciplinary Committee.*
"Principal, huh? It has a nice ring to it! Hahahaha, I love it, Mother!!"
"That's good to hear."
"Me too~ I'll do my best in the Disciplinary Committee~"
"Please do, Chairwoman Shogoin Momoka-san!!"
"Yes! Leave everything to me~!"
*I'm going to be a student, so I'll have to call Fuhito "Principal".*
*I give her Ninomae, and tell her to use him if she needs to contact me.*
"Understood, Mother!! Let's get along, Ninomae-kun!! Ha ha ha!!"
"Chii."
"I'll be going now."
"Ah, one moment, Mother. I believe you told us to make sure that your true identity isn't exposed."
"...Right."
"In that case, I would suggest that you don't use your current name! It would be risky if someone found out that there was a student named Sedmy in the past!!"
"Yes, which means that I need a new name."
"Would a name similar to the other students work? In other words, a Japanese name."
*Japanese.*
*Indeed, Fuhito and Momoka are both Japanese names, so I should do the same.*
"What name would be good?"
"Is there a meaning behind the name Sedmy, Mother?"
"...Somebody called me that."
*I wonder who it was.*
*My heart aches whenever I think about it, so I try not to.*
"Yes, I think... I was first called Dite, which means 'baby'..."
"Oh? That's Czech."
"And then when I grew up, I became Sedmy."
"Hmm, if it's Czech, then Sedmy would mean 'seven'."
"Yes, that's right. I was the seventh baby."
*That's it.*
*After all, ― gave me that name... I would at least remember the meaning... Mother...*
"I've got it."
"A name?"
"Yes, let's go with Shichiban Hina, which means 'seventh baby' in Japanese."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hina-san...!?"
Shizuka: "Hey, you've got to be kidding me..."
*One of the Night students... Shichiban Hina-senpai, who we thought disappeared along with Omaru and the rest of them that night.*
Adelheid: "She... is Sedmy...?"
Ushio: "...This was an unexpected turn of events."
*Even Mooko's taken aback.*
Ushio: "I was convinced that she was just another Night student..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, yeah. There's no way we would've known, given the way she behaved."
Ushio: "......"
*With her brain running at full speed, she doesn't give an immediate response and runs her fingers along her chin.*
Ushio: "Hina-san... She was always with Iba-san, and..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I think she was also with us in the dream world."
Shizuka: "The principal was there too. But if she has a soul, it wouldn't be strange for her to be there."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
Adelheid: "I've met her a few times... but nothing about her struck me as off."
Shizuka: "Probably because she has a soul. We can't blame you."
Mitsuyoshi: "But Hina-san... didn't seem crazy like how Sedmy was in this diary."
Ushio: "...No, think back carefully."
*Her fingers finally stop moving and she looks around at all of us.*
Ushio: "Does anyone remember Hina-san ever voicing her own opinion?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Her own opinion...?"
Ushio: "The most notable example is when Adelheid-san and Louis-san first arrived and we interviewed the Night students."
Mitsuyoshi: "Where do all of you live?"
Kumiko: "The dorms obviously. Don't all the students live there?"
Hina: "I do, too."
Mitsuyoshi: "Where did you live before you came to this school?"
Neko: "Before I came here? I came from the dorms."
Hina: "I did, too."
Ushio: "Most of the time, she would just agree with someone else―usually Iba-san. I can't remember her actively voicing an opinion on anything."
Mitsuyoshi: "Now that you mention it..."
Adelheid: "Is that because she's a homunculus?"
Ushio: "That could be one reason why, but it could also be her being careful not to say anything that would reveal her true identity."
Mitsuyoshi: "...I see. Sedmy would know the truth behind the Realm of Night and the other students..."
Shizuka: "By simply agreeing with other students, she'd be able to get away with not saying as much."
Mitsuyoshi: "She's been here the entire time, huh... Mixed in with the Night students..."
Ushio: "We should have considered it, since she was so attached to the Night students..."
Ushio: "Where would I watch over them from if I were her? The obvious answer would've been to join them as a student herself."
*She drops her gaze to the floor, looking depressed.*
Ushio: "We should've also checked which west dorm student turned into which Night student."
Ushio: "If we did, we would've noticed that there was one Night student who didn't have a corresponding vessel..."
*―Shichiban Hina.*
*She alone did not have someone as a vessel and was quietly in the school from the very start...*
Hina: "......"
*They're asleep.*
*Mibu Tsubaki and Murakumo Kasumi are sleeping soundly and peacefully, oblivious to everything.*
*That German's perfume works really well.*
Hina: "Still... not enough..."
*My body gets tired when I use a lot of mana.*
*Because it's a power I received.*
*My body isn't back to normal yet.*
*I'll close my eyes again and stay still.*
*If I do so, I'll be able to use the power I received from ― again...*
Hina: (...Who was it again...?)
*I received it from someone.*
*I remember that much, but...*
*―Please, save them...*
*I hear someone's voice.*
*It's familiar... I know this voice.*
Angel: "I'll... give you... my mother's power..."
Sedmy: "Mother..."
Angel: "...Please, save the students that Mother, no, Lazurit sent to the space where time has stopped..."
Sedmy: "Me...? Save them...?"
Angel: "Yes, that's right. Please... You're the only one left..."
Sedmy: "What about you, Mother? What's going to happen to you?"
Angel: "I... have to go. That's why, Sedmy... Listen to your mother's final request."
Sedmy: "It's... a request...?"
Angel: "......"
Angel: "It's an order, Sedmy."
Sedmy: "...Understood, Mother."
Angel: "Thank you... I'm... sorry..."
Sedmy: "Mother? Mother... Why do you seem so sad?"
Sedmy: "I'll listen to your order, okay? You created me after all, so I'll..."
Sedmy: "...Mother? Hey... Mother, can you hear me? Don't make such a sad face... Mother..."
Sedmy: "Mother... Wake up... Mother... No, don't leave me alone... Mother..."
Sedmy: "Mother... Mother..."
*―Who was that again...?*
*I remember that it was an order.*
*But other than that...*
Hina: "......"
*Whenever I try to recall the memory, my head screams out at me in my own voice, telling me to stop.*
*And then my chest aches.*
*That's why I can't remember.*
Hina: "...But it was an order."
*I have to abide by it.*
*No matter what.*
Hina: "......"
*Very soon, I will complete it...*
*I'll be able to fulfill my promise with ―.*
*The order...*
Hina: "I don't need this anymore."
*I untie my hair.*
*It makes a noise as it descends.*
*I remove my glasses as well.*
*I don't remember too well, but I think I used to look like this.*
*My hair wasn't tied up when I was with that person... the one who gave me that order.*
*...I can't remember who they are though.*
Hina: "Wait for me... Just a little longer..."
*―Mother...*
"There's no way that could happen. If it did, it'd be a miracle."
"―But that very miracle appeared before my own two eyes."
*Familiar chatter.*
*I gaze absently at the classroom, sitting at the desk that Fuhito, now the principal, prepared for me.*
*It feels familiar... But what about it is so familiar?*
*I've completely forgotten, but the lively chatter and laughter of my classmates is pleasant to my ears.*
Female Student A: "Hey, about yesterday's homework..."
Female Student B: "What do you want to do for lunch? Head to the roof?"
Male Student: "Someone, anyone, let me see your English notes!"
*Everyday conversations...*
*They don't know that they've come here from a room where time has been frozen 20 years in the past.*
*They also don't question the fact that it's night outside.*
*And of course, they have no idea that they're in someone else's bodies.*
"What are you spacing out for?"
Hina: "Huh..."
*She's... Iba Kumiko, if I remember correctly.*
*A student in this class.*
Kumiko: "Are you hungry? You can have this if you want."
*She offers me a piece of candy.*
Hina: "...Thank you."
*I accept it, and she gives a friendly smile.*
Kumiko: "What do you know, so you do talk."
Hina: "......?"
Kumiko: "You're always by yourself and never say anything, so I was curious."
Kumiko: "Ahaha, sorry for being such a busybody."
Hina: "...Not at all."
*―Nice to meet you! What's your name?*
*―Huh, that's cute!*
*―...-chan, do you have your textbooks yet?*
*―Do you want to borrow mine?*
*―What are you doing for lunch? Did you bring one?*
*―Let's eat together!*
*I suddenly recall a conversation I heard in the distant past.*
*That was...*
Kumiko: "Umm... Shichiban-san? What was your given name again?"
Hina: "...Hina. Shichiban Hina."
Kumiko: "Hina, huh? That's a cute name."
Hina: "......"
Kumiko: "Hey, Hina, how about we have lunch together?"
*...Ever since that day,*
*Iba Kumiko and I have been friends.*
*In spite of my reticence, she always invites me.*
*She asks to share textbooks when she forgets hers.*
*She eats lunch with me.*
Kumiko: "You don't say much, but you're a really good listener."
Kumiko: "It's pretty comfortable being with you. I don't have to watch what I say."
Hina: "...Me too."
Kumiko: "Really? Do you feel comfortable when you're with me?"
Hina: "Yeah... It's fun being with you, Kumi-chan."
Kumiko: "That's great to hear."
*She nods with a smile as bright as the sun.*
*...I'm happy.*
*Whenever she smiles, it makes me feel very nostalgic and happy.*
*But at the same time, I feel a pain in my chest.*
*Because she thinks that I'm a normal person, like the rest of our classmates...*
Hina: "...I'm not normal."
Kumiko: "Not normal? How so?"
Hina: "I was created. By Mother. I'm actually a doll, and Mother gave me a soul."
Kumiko: "...Umm, so you're saying that you're not human?"
Hina: "Yes..."
Kumiko: "Come to think of it, I believe I heard the principal say something about that a long time ago. A doll called a homu-something."
Hina: "Yes, a homunculus."
Kumiko: "You're one of those? Huh, I can't see you as anything but a human. Oh, is that why you're so quiet? I see now."
Hina: "...That's all?"
Kumiko: "Huh? What do you mean?"
Hina: "You don't hate me?"
Kumiko: "Why would I? You're you. It doesn't matter if someone made you or if you were born from an egg."
Hina: "An egg... is similar maybe. I was originally in a round flask."
Kumiko: "Seriously!? Man, that's amazing. I can't believe I'm friends with someone so interesting!"
*She really doesn't care at all.*
*Even after telling her that I was a doll, she still asked me to show her my textbooks, to have lunch together, and to walk home together.*
*Nothing changed.*
*It's the same as back then.*
*It's the same as the past that I still can't yet remember, that I get a headache when I try to remember...*
*I can't remember, but the old memories locked inside of me... are rejoicing.*
*They're saying that this is what they wanted to reclaim.*
*― is no longer here, but I promised ―.*
Hina: "...Promise."
*Yes, I promised, so I have to fulfill it no matter what.*
*But I'm sure that wasn't everything.*
Kumiko: "Hina, let's go."
Hina: "...Hold on, Kumi-chan."
Kumiko: "Haah, we've got so much homework again today. I feel like I'm going to fall asleep during class tomorrow."
Hina: "I'll wake you up if you do."
Kumiko: "Ahaha, thanks for that."
Hina: "...No problem."
*When morning arrives, Kumiko won't be Kumiko anymore.*
*She'll return to being a student of the present.*
*I know who her vessel is.*
*But my chest is guaranteed to hurt when I see them.*
*I can't talk to them, either.*
*I'm a Night student, so I can't let the day students see me.*
*They're Kumiko, and yet... I can't talk to them.*
Kumiko: "Later, Hina! See you tomorrow."
Hina: "...Yeah."
Hina: "...This isn't going to work."
Fuhito: "Yes, of course, Mother!! With the way things are now, we can't consider them to be saved yet!"
Fuhito: "This is different from what you promised! You haven't reached the goal! That's not good!! Not good at all!!"
Hina: "...Indeed."
Fuhito: "Fortunately, having them live as Night students proved to be a success! Let's complete the Realm of Night and have it remain forever!!"
Fuhito: "Then we can say that we've saved them!! You'll be able to fulfill your promise!! It'll be a day for celebration!! Hahahahahaha!!"
Hina: "...What about the students in the west dorm?"
Fuhito: "Hmm? We can just hypnotize the rest of the students to believe that they never existed in the first place."
Hina: "Never existed..."
Fuhito: "Yes, because it would get in our way."
Fuhito: "It's important that we completely revive the Night students, no? Isn't that what you promised? Then the west dorm students are but a trifling sacrifice! It can't be helped!!"
Hina: "Yes... I guess so."
Fuhito: "See what I'm saying!? Ha ha ha!!"
Hina: "I promised... That's why it's okay... That student will live on as Kumi-chan..."
*If that happens, I'll be able to experience that nostalgia and happiness forever.*
*I won't be lonely anymore, surrounded by those who are "different" like Rito and Fuhito.*
"I don't want to lose that miracle. Such a thing will never happen again."
"That's why I must make sure... that the plan to restore everything succeeds."
*With a clink, the white quill pen returns itself to its holder.*
Michiru: "Ah..."
Michiru: "...It won't move anymore."
Ushio: "We're out of ink."
*She picks up the ink bottle and looks through the bottom.*
*There's not a single drop left.*
*I hear sighs echo throughout the room.*
Adelheid: "...Even though she doesn't remember..."
*Heidi is the first one to speak, albeit in murmurs.*
Adelheid: "The happiness she felt in the past came back to her."
Ushio: "Yes..."
*Memories from when she was still living as Sedmy... I don't know if she was friends with Iba-san back then, but they overlapped for her.*
*That's why she wants to revive them no matter what, regardless of the promise.*
Shizuka: "Damn it, we want to save the Night students too, but..."
*He says that, annoyed, and hits his knee with his fist.*
Michiru: "Isn't there... some way? Some other way to save them..."
*She looks down at the words written in the notebook.*
Ushio: "Hina-san and the homunculi spent a lot of time looking for a solution. They spent 20 years..."
Adelheid: "Yes, if there were a less heavy-handed way, Hina―no, Sedmy would've been able to convince them."
Mitsuyoshi: "But this method is..."
Ushio: "They only picked it because there was no other option."
Shizuka: "So is there really nothing we can do about it...? Are the Night students..."
*His voice trails off.*
*We're all thinking the same thing.*
*That there really is no way to truly rescue the students from 20 years ago.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Omaru... Am I never going to see you again...?)
*Is there really no way to save you besides going through with this ridiculous plan?*
Ushio: "...In any case, we must still put a stop to the administration's schemes..."
Shizuka: "Yeah, of course. Otherwise, the west dorm students are just going to disappear."
Mitsuyoshi: "We can only save one or the other, huh?"
Adelheid: "That... may be how it is for now..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know, but even so, we have to stop them."
*That's what Omaru would've wanted too.*
*Maybe as a result of what we're trying to do... the students from 20 years ago will fall victim to that fire...*
Mitsuyoshi: (If so, then he'll be dead as well...)
*It still doesn't feel real to me.*
*We were chatting together not that long ago.*
*Just like how Iba-san and Hina-san were.*
Ushio: "...There's no point mulling over it. As we speak, the principal and the others are working on their plan."
Ushio: "We first have to come up with a strategy to stop them."
Adelheid: "Yes. Let me hand this out to everyone before I forget."
*After agreeing with Mooko's statement, Heidi passes out newly made bottles of perfume.*
Adelheid: "It's perfume that will render a person unconscious, though it's not much of a weapon when we're up against someone like Ulrick."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I'll keep that in mind."
Shizuka: "Better than nothing at least. We can use it against Disciplinary Committee members if we need to."
Maya: "So, umm, what are we going to do?"
Adelheid: "For starters, I'm going to take another look at that magic circle."
*She gets up from her seat and walks towards the path leading to the stairs.*
*However, she soon comes running back.*
Adelheid: "We have a problem!!"
Ushio: "What happened?"
*Looking pale as a ghost, Heidi points towards the stairs and shouts:*
Adelheid: "The door connects to somewhere else now!"
Ushio: "It changed...!?"
*Mooko looks baffled for a second, but she quickly gets up and we all run up the stairs after her.*
Ushio: "This is...!!"
*On the other side of the door that Mooko opened is a vast grassy plain.*
*This looks familiar...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, isn't this where I followed Furoya to that one time?"
*Back when Furoya accidentally picked up the Key of Janus.*
*I delved into this grassland in search of her.*
Ushio: "Then is that tower-like thing in the distance where the magic circle is located?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, that should be the spiral staircase. If I remember correctly, the magic circle's at the very top."
Ushio: "I wonder if they tried something different this time since we were able to restore the link after they severed it."
Shizuka: "They just moved it somewhere far away instead, huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, it's a good distance away, but it's a trip we have to make."
Ushio: "...Since they moved the door so far away from the tower, does this mean that they still have a use for the circle...?"
*Heidi nods.*
Adelheid: "That sounds plausible, though I can't say whether they're going to fully repair it for the same purpose."
Mitsuyoshi: "Would it be possible to move the door back to where it originally opened to like we did last time?"
Adelheid: "We can't. There hasn't been any change to the spell that's connecting us to that world. I suspect that they changed something with the coordinates over there."
Adelheid: "We can't do anything about that."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is that so..."
*I unconsciously make a bitter face as I stare out across the plain.*
*None of those monsters from before are around.*
*The dead silence is eerie.*
Adelheid: "Anyway, I'm curious about the magic circle. It's not an unwalkable distance, so I'm going to go take a look."
Ushio: "...Okay. Using the Key of Janus would be faster, but we want to save our mana."
Mitsuyoshi: "It'd be dangerous for you to go alone, so I'll come with you. There might be enemies around."
Ushio: "Are you sure about this?"
Mitsuyoshi: "We'll turn back if we run into someone we can't take on."
Adelheid: "The perception blocking perfume is still in effect, so just taking a peek shouldn't hurt."
Ushio: "...All right then."
Adelheid: "Please take care of Louis while we're gone."
*After confirming that we'll try to escape if we run into any danger, Heidi and I walk across the savanna towards the magic circle.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...There was a monster here before, but it's gone now."
*When Furoya and I were here, it was preventing us from going up.*
*And it was an annoying one that spewed imaginary flames.*
*We walked all the way here to conserve our mana, but we didn't spot any of those monsters along the way.*
Adelheid: "Perhaps they got rid of all the creatures here."
*She nods her head as she says that, looking up at the top of the tower all the while.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I wonder why they did that."
Adelheid: "This entire space was created with mana, so maybe the wavelengths emitted by the creatures were interfering with some spell."
*She doesn't know the exact reason either, it seems.*
*Returning to our original goal, we head up the stairs.*
*Now that the monster's gone, I can walk up without any problems, but I keep that to myself since this is a topic for another time.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Its flames were fake, but they still gave me an attack...)
*We take a peek from the stairs, but there's nobody near the magic circle.*
Adelheid: "They don't have anyone standing guard."
*She walks up to it.*
*At a glance, the circle is the exact same as it was before, silent and inactive.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Anything?"
Adelheid: "...It hasn't changed. What does this mean...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "So it's still deactivated?"
Adelheid: "Yes, but why would they go out of their way to change the location of the door?"
*Heidi walks around the perimeter of the magic circle as she stares down at it intently.*
Mitsuyoshi: "If touching it won't raise any alarms, shouldn't we take this opportunity to do something?"
Adelheid: "Hmm, that's a good point..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Could we damage it somehow so that they can't use it anymore? Like with a shovel or something."
Adelheid: "How about this then?"
*She takes out a small knife from her pocket.*
*She uses it to shave plants to add to her perfumes.*
Adelheid: "Do you think you could manage with your strength?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll give it a try. Sorry if I end up chipping your knife."
Adelheid: "It's fine. It's just a regular knife and not some special magical implement, so I can get a replacement anywhere."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right."
*I firmly grasp the small knife and strike it against the floor with all my might.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm... It didn't work..."
*It seems too hard to stab through, so I try to scrape it by running the knife's edge back and forth, but it's no use.*
*I'm amazed I managed to destroy something like this.*
*It goes to show how strong that Mist was.*
Adelheid: "No luck?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, nothing's working."
*I don't think we can physically damage it without the use of a Mist.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I give up."
*I return Heidi's knife to her.*
*She puts it away and takes out some sort of case. Inside are a few pieces of chalk.*
Adelheid: "If we can't damage it, then all we can do is add to it to change what it does."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wouldn't they notice instantly?"
Adelheid: "If I draw something big that stands out, for sure... What's something small that would interfere with it...?"
*She thinks for a while and then kneels down beside the magic circle and scribbles some characters.*
Adelheid: "Now if they restart it, the defense program won't activate."
Mitsuyoshi: "You mean if we mess with it while it's active, it won't trigger any alarms?"
Adelheid: "Yes, although it's only a temporary comfort."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's infinitely better than nothing."
Adelheid: "Yes... Well then, let's head back."
*She puts away the chalk and stands up.*
*We descend the staircase and walk back across the grassy plain to return to Sumi-chan's room.*
Maya: "Welcome back. We were just talking about having dinner."
*Upon our return, I see that Kurodani is once again taking food out of her bag.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, thanks, I was feeling a bit hungry."
Adelheid: "Let's have a strategy meeting while we eat."
Ushio: "That sounds good."
*We all sit in a circle and feast on sandwiches and rice balls.*
Shizuka: "It's almost creepy how little movement there is on their side."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, nothing much has happened since Ulrick knocked Louis out... Well, they did change the location of the door I guess."
Adelheid: "Even then, that didn't really stop us from going to the magic circle."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, we thought that there'd be someone waiting to ambush us, but no one was there."
Adelheid: "I took a close look at it, and there wasn't anything different about it either."
Ushio: "Was changing the door just a temporary measure to give them peace of mind then...?"
Ushio: "...It's much too short a distance if they were trying to buy time. You managed to go there and back in no time at all..."
*With a fruit sandwich in her hands, she furrows her brow as she thinks.*
Ushio: "...Are they waiting for something?"
Adelheid: "You mean the school?"
Ushio: "Yes. I'm worried that their lack of movement and half-hearted countermeasures are because they're waiting for the moment when they can do something bigger."
Adelheid: "Considering how there's been no change in the magic circle, that might be the case."
Ushio: "Perhaps... they changed the door so that all our attention would be focused on the magic circle, allowing them to do whatever they were waiting for without disruptions."
Adelheid: "That's possible."
Shizuka: "So shouldn't we do something instead of sitting here and waiting?"
Ushio: "Of course. But the question then becomes what to do."
Ushio: "Adelheid-san, can we destroy the magic circle in its current state?"
Adelheid: "It doesn't seem like we can."
*She shakes her head, putting down her melon bread before talking further.*
Adelheid: "What we discussed before about drawing a magic circle outside the current one won't work if it's inactive."
Ushio: "A magic circle that would cause a backflow in the spell? It makes sense that it wouldn't work when the circle's not doing anything."
Adelheid: "Yes, and Koga tried to damage it just now, but even scratching it is impossible with only a human's strength."
Mitsuyoshi: "I tried my best with a knife, but it didn't work at all."
Shizuka: "If even you can't do it with your strength, it's definitely out of the question."
Adelheid: "It might've been because it was a small knife. We might be able to do something with another tool... but destroying the entire thing won't be doable."
Adelheid: "And based on what we just talked about, we don't know if they're planning on using that magic circle again, so it's questionable whether it's even worth destroying."
Ushio: "Yes, and there is the chance that they could have another circle set up elsewhere..."
Ushio: "......"
*The frown on her face grows.*
*She's mechanically munching on her fruit sandwich, her brain yearning for sugar in order to work at full power.*
Ushio: "...Adelheid-san, I have an idea."
*She soon raises her head, wearing an awkward expression on her face for some reason.*
Adelheid: "Let's hear it."
Ushio: "This might be nothing more than a dumb suggestion, but..."
Adelheid: "Anything's fine. We want to consider all possible options at this point."
Ushio: "All right then... You mentioned before that that other world was created using mana, correct?"
Adelheid: "Yes, that's right."
Ushio: "As well as the idea that they would be using it as a replacement for the Day of the Eclipse."
Adelheid: "That space would have enough mana to do so. That's what I believe."
Mitsuyoshi: "So what about it?"
Ushio: "Well... could we somehow completely destroy that whole space?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Huh?"
Ushio: "If we could, then we would be able to get rid of the magic circle inside it, and they would be left without a replacement for the Day of the Eclipse."
Adelheid: "I see. That could work...!"
*She smacks her fist in the palm of her other hand, approving of Mooko's suggestion.*
Adelheid: "If we can't destroy the magic circle, we can just destroy the whole space!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Is that even possible though? It seems like a much bigger task to me."
*She nods in response to my question and tells us about what she found in the library about the other world.*
Adelheid: "While that space is made entirely out of mana itself, it normally can't be fixed to one location like that."
Adelheid: "There must be something inside it that is storing mana and supporting it."
Ushio: "Some device is keeping that mana stationary?"
Adelheid: "Yes... And given the size of the place, there should be multiple devices."
Shizuka: "We just have to destroy those then?"
Adelheid: "If we do, the space should become unstable and collapse."
Mitsuyoshi: "How do we do that though?"
Adelheid: "Give me some time. I'll make a magical compound to do that. In the meantime, could you try to find out where they're located and how many of them there are?"
Ushio: "Understood. Do you know what they might look like?"
Adelheid: "They should be using Lazurit Bloodstones. They would need a constant influx of mana in order to support the space."
Adelheid: "I would guess that they're small magic circles with Bloodstones, that have spells for storing and supporting mana."
Ushio: "Okay, let's all look for them together."
Shizuka: "Sure thing. That perfume is still working to prevent others from noticing us, right? Let's hurry."
Mitsuyoshi: "That other world is huge, so it'll take quite a bit of time."
Maya: "I'll help out. I should be able to manage doing something like this!"
Michiru: "M-Me too..."
Ushio: "No, it would be dangerous to leave this room empty. We can't have Louis-san here by himself."
Shizuka: "Should we split up and take turns? It sounds like we'll be up all night, and we're going to need breaks."
Mitsuyoshi: "Just what I'd expect from a former Disciplinary Committee member, Shizuka-chan."
Shizuka: "Don't call me that!! I haven't moved around much all day so I'll go first!!"
Ushio: "We'll have someone to keep watch and the rest of us can take turns searching. Adelheid-san, we'll be counting on you for that compound."
Adelheid: "Leave it to me."
*She stealthily returns to her own room. After she comes back with the necessary ingredients, we split up and work hard to look for those devices.*
*―The next day.*
*Having spent more or less the entire night searching, we manage to find what we suspect to be those support devices.*
Ushio: "There are four of them in total."
*She tells us this as she draws a simple map on a piece of paper.*
*We fix our eyes upon it as we partake in Kurodani's provisions for breakfast.*
Ushio: "They're located equidistant from each other with the tower in the center. I don't know the actual directions, but you can think of it as one each in the north, east, south, and west."
Ushio: "Each one has a stone resembling a Lazurit Bloodstone embedded inside, so these are probably what's supporting the space."
Ushio: "Thankfully, we didn't encounter anyone during our search, so it's likely that there is nobody standing guard."
Shizuka: "This is our chance."
Ushio: "If we destroy these devices, the space will become unstable and eventually collapse, right?"
Adelheid: "Yes, and we don't have any time to waste since we don't know what the enemy is up to. Let's get to it immediately."
*She lines up four bottles as she says that.*
Adelheid: "Use these."
*She worked through the night to make these potions.*
Adelheid: "These bottles have two compartments. When you pull this string here, it will release the stopper from the top one, allowing the two compounds to mix."
Shizuka: "What happens then?"
Adelheid: "It will explode."
Shizuka: "Explode!? These are bombs!?"
Adelheid: "Even though I say that, it's not an explosion in the physical sense. Think of it as breaking apart mana instead."
Mitsuyoshi: "So there's no chance of us being caught up in the blast?"
Adelheid: "There's barely any physical destructive power, so you won't have to rush to get away."
Ushio: "I understand that we'll be safe, but how much magical damage will it do?"
Adelheid: "It won't be able to destroy something like that huge magic circle or Lazurit Bloodstones, but it's more than enough for small devices like these."
Adelheid: "Once you destroy them and remove the Lazurit Bloodstones embedded inside, there will be no more mana supporting that other world."
Ushio: "I see, and if we recover the stones, we'll have a mana supply of our own."
Mitsuyoshi: "Two birds with one stone. Let's get started."
Michiru: "Mm... Are we leaving...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, it's okay this time. You can keep sleeping."
*She's clearly on the verge of falling asleep, so I prevent her from trying to get up.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry Kurodani, could I ask you to look after her and Louis?"
Maya: "I'm holding down the fort? Okay."
Ushio: "You're the one most suited for the job. We'll be counting on you."
Maya: "Got it."
Shizuka: "Oh, what do we do about the key? I think it'd be better if we left it here if we're all going our separate ways."
Ushio: "How about keeping it with Michiru-san, since she's guaranteed to be able to use it? It would let them escape if need be."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm... That sounds good. It'd give me some peace of mind."
Shizuka: "Make sure you leave the instant someone comes, all right?"
Michiru: "Mm... Okay..."
*Murakumo gives her the key as she holds out an unsteady hand.*
Shizuka: "Kurodani, you'll probably be forced to carry Louis. Can you do that?"
Maya: "I'll do my best! Although I'll probably be dragging him along the ground..."
Adelheid: "That much is fine. I'm sure Louis wouldn't complain about it either."
Maya: "I, Kurodani Maya, will act to the best of my abilities!"
Ushio: "Thank you very much."
Adelheid: "Let's get going. We each take one bottle. Remember that this is the string you need to pull."
Shizuka: "Okay. Who's going for which one?"
Ushio: "Koga-kun, please take the one furthest from where we are."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure thing."
Ushio: "Murakumo-kun can go to this one, and I'll head in this direction. Adelheid-san, please take the closest one and try to get back here as soon as possible."
Adelheid: "Got it. That sounds perfect, since Ushio and I are the slowest on our feet."
Mitsuyoshi: "That settles it then."
Maya: "See you later."
Michiru: "Be careful..."
*Onii-chan and the others left for the other world.*
*I want to help, but I can't put any strength into my body and I'm extremely sleepy.*
Maya: "Are you okay? Do you want to lie down?"
Michiru: "Mm... I'm fine."
*If I did, I probably wouldn't be waking up again anytime soon.*
*And then I wouldn't be able to help Onii-chan if anything happened...*
*He told me to go back home, but I refused and insisted on staying. If I ended up being useless, everything would've been pointless.*
Maya: "All right, you can lean against here. There we go."
*She puts my back up against the side of the bed as she says that.*
Michiru: "...Thanks."
Maya: "No problem. Umm, by the way, do you think you'll be okay by yourself for a little bit?"
Michiru: "Huh? ...Sure."
Maya: "I'm going to go out for a bit to try and get some food! We don't have much left."
Michiru: "Huh... Umm, but it might be dangerous..."
Maya: "Don't worry! With that perfume, nobody'll notice me if I don't make any noise! We'd have to do this sooner or later anyway."
Michiru: "...Okay."
Maya: "Koga eats a ton after all."
*She laughs and picks up the enormous bag that she used for storing food.*
Michiru: (Right... If Onii-chan doesn't eat, his body won't last...)
*I'm worried about her, but when I think about Onii-chan's body, I know that we can't go without food.*
*Otherwise, he'll die...*
Michiru: "Umm... Kurodani-san, be careful, okay?"
Maya: "I will, thanks! Oh, is there anything in particular you want to eat? You like spicy stuff, right?"
Michiru: "Y-Yeah."
Maya: "Spicy things... Okay."
*She makes a note of it on a nearby sheet of paper.*
Maya: "Anything else?"
Michiru: "Umm, snacks... I guess."
Maya: "Snacks, huh? I'm guessing you want spicy ones too? Like habanero-flavored?"
Michiru: "...Yeah."
*She's a nice person.*
*I can feel my mouth starting to form a smile, and I hold my knees out of embarrassment.*
Michiru: (Onii-chan's always... together with these kinds of people...)
*I now understand why he's trying so hard to stop the principal's plans.*
Maya: "Habanero... flavored... All right! The school store probably has something like that, so I'll go check it out!!"
Michiru: "Thanks... U-Umm, the others... I think Ushio-san would like something sweet..."
Maya: "Ahaha, you're right! She went straight for the fruit sandwich this morning."
Michiru: "Yeah..."
Maya: "...You're a good person, Michiru-chan."
Michiru: "Huh?"
Maya: "Hmm, well... You went and thought about the others too."
Michiru: "Huh? Umm... I... h-haven't been all that useful, so..."
Maya: "What are you talking about!? You're amazing. They were saying that you're like our trump card!"
Michiru: "That's, umm... All I have is power..."
Maya: "See? And it sounds like they would've had trouble with the diary without you. You haven't been useless at all."
Michiru: "...Y-You think so...?"
Maya: "Totally! Have some more confidence in yourself!"
Michiru: "...Okay."
Maya: "Hehe, you finally smiled."
Michiru: "Huh..."
Maya: "I'm sure that everyone's depending on you more than you think they are."
Michiru: "......"
Maya: "Well then! Time to make myself useful too! I'll be right back!"
Michiru: "Ah, okay. T-Take care..."
Maya: "Thanks! See you soon."
Michiru: "......"
*Kurodani-san slings her huge bag over her shoulder and leaves the room.*
Michiru: "...Will she be okay...?"
Fuhito: "Lalala~ ♪"
*How long has it been?*
*How many years has it been since we last spent this much time together once Mother started attending the school as a student?*
*This is apparently what is known as "happiness".*
*And being apart is called "loneliness".*
*I don't quite understand it, but since Mother is "happy", I am undoubtedly happy as well.*
Fuhito: "Okay, no problems here! Not a single one, ha ha ha ha!!"
*I stroke the planetarium-like machinery and turn to face Mother.*
Fuhito: "It's done! It's finally done, Mother!!"
Hina: "......"
*Her eyes move back and forth between the machine and me.*
Fuhito: "All that's left is to point the projector at the designated location!! Hahahahaha!!"
Hina: "......"
*She gives a slight nod.*
Fuhito: "...Are you okay, Mother? Are you not feeling well?"
Hina: "...I've settled down a lot now."
Fuhito: "I see! That's good to hear!!"
*Hearing footsteps, I turn towards them and see the German who we made our ally.*
Fuhito: "Oh my, judging from the expression on your face, you still can't find our other guests?"
Ulrick: "I had the Disciplinary Committee help out as well, but I have no idea where they went..."
*He shrugs his shoulders as he says that with a sigh.*
Ulrick: "I even tried to follow their magic trails, but they disappeared along the way."
Fuhito: "Hmm, that's probably because they used the Key of Janus to move."
Ulrick: "Thanks to that, I had no choice but to search on foot at random."
Fuhito: "Keep up the good work. Ha ha ha. However... if we still haven't found them after this much time, they're probably hiding in a place that the Disciplinary Committee isn't patrolling..."
Hina: "―!!"
Fuhito: "Hmm?"
Hina: "Bring that to me right this instant."
Ulrick: "......?"
*He looks confused, seeing Mother talking to the air rather than one of us.*
Fuhito: "Oh, she's not talking to us."
Ulrick: "Then who?"
Fuhito: "You know the ermine that's always wrapped around my neck? Ninomae-kun. Mother is using him right now."
Fuhito: "He should be with Shogoin-san right now, and it seems that something has happened on their end."
Ulrick: "...So that ermine is a long-distance communication tool?"
Fuhito: "Exactly. He's a homunculus that Mother specially modified in order to understand our situations and give us instructions."
Ulrick: "I see..."
*Moments later, a door appears out of thin air and Ninomae-kun comes leaping through it.*
Momoka: "This is bad~!"
*Shogoin-san tumbles in behind him.*
Fuhito: "What happened, Shogoin-san?"
Momoka: "A Disciplinary Committee member picked this up~ I brought it with me~"
*She opens up the sheet of paper that she's holding and shows us.*
Fuhito: "Spicy things, snacks, habanero-flavored?"
Ulrick: "What does this mean?"
Momoka: "Fue!? Oh, not that! On the back~ I'm sorry~!!"
*She quickly flips it over and we see some sort of map drawn on it.*
Ulrick: "What is this a map of?"
Fuhito: "This is... Hmm, these marks are where the supports are. I see, I see. They're trying to destroy the other world itself! Hahahaha!!"
Ulrick: "Is that something to be laughing about?"
Fuhito: "Hehehe, I have good news for you. I don't know whether our guests will be going there directly, but if you wait in one of these spots, someone who knows where they are should show up."
Ulrick: "That is indeed music to my ears. How do I get there then?"
Fuhito: "Shogoin-san, the Key of Janus please."
Momoka: "Certainly! I'll lend you this key~ I'll open the door there, and there should be no problem with you using it to get back here~"
Fuhito: "Here, huh? If you picture my face in your mind while you turn the key, a door should appear."
Ulrick: "...Understood."
Momoka: "I'm opening it now~"
*She turns the key and a door manifests.*
*A grassy plain appears on the other side of it.*
*At a glance, I don't see anyone from the Bureau or either of our guests.*
Momoka: "There you go~ Take care~"
Ulrick: "Thanks, I'll be borrowing this then."
*After taking the key, the German suddenly stops and turns to face me.*
Ulrick: "What is located at the X-es on the map? Should they be protected?"
Fuhito: "Hmm?"
*He's up to do some work while he's at it. What an honest and diligent man.*
Fuhito: "Hmm, no, it doesn't really matter. You can prioritize your own needs."
Ulrick: "All right. I'll ignore them unless I have the time to spare."
*He turns his back to me and disappears beyond the door.*
Momoka: "Well then, I'll get back to guarding the west dorm~ We'll meet up again in about an hour~"
Fuhito: "Great, thank you. Hang in there, Ninomae-kun!"
Ninomae: "......"
Momoka: "See you later~!"
*She salutes and leaves with Ninomae-kun in tow.*
*Once again, I'm alone with Mother.*
Hina: "...Fuhito."
Fuhito: "Yes, what is it, Mother?"
Hina: "I'm going to sleep for a bit."
*She closes her eyes.*
Fuhito: "Good ni... Oh! We can't have you catching a cold!"
*I hurriedly run up to the chapel.*
Fuhito: "In the storeroom, there should be... Hngh."
*There they are. It gets quite chilly here in the winter, so we have blankets that students can use to cover their legs.*
Fuhito: "Ungh... Phew."
*I pull out the blankets and somehow manage to carry them on my back.*
*I have a small frame, so it's fairly strenuous.*
Fuhito: "This is for Mother. This much is nothing, ha ha ha ha."
*I close the door to the storeroom and run back downstairs.*
Fuhito: "Mother~! ...Oh, she's already asleep."
*She sits in her chair with her eyes closed, snoring softly.*
*I can't blame her for being tired.*
*She's been using a lot of mana lately.*
Fuhito: "Here you go, Mother. Sleep warmly."
Hina: "......"
*I cover her body in blankets.*
Fuhito: "Perfect. We need to have Mother back in tip-top condition soon."
*Everything is about to go our way.*
Fuhito: "Hehehe... Hahahahaha..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Here it is."
*The location I was assigned was on the other side of the lake.*
*There's a Lazurit Bloodstone buried within a thicket just beside the lake.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Pull on the string and..."
*I follow Heidi's instructions and throw the bottle at where the stone is.*
*I hear a faint explosion, so it looks like it went off.*
*As she mentioned, it didn't do much physical damage, and the sound was quiet enough that I doubt anyone in the area would've even noticed.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's see now... Ah!?"
*I walk up to the contraption and see the glowing stone roll into the lake, having been blown away by the blast.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn it..."
*I hurry after it, but it's already submerged and I can't see it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...If I remember correctly, this was pretty deep."
*I rescued Furoya from it once before, but I'm not sure if it's safe enough to go diving in without any sort of equipment.*
*Not to mention that there might be creatures inside it.*
*I really don't want to end up fighting some unknown monster.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I guess... I'll have to give up on it."
*I'll just hope that the other three manage to bring their stones back successfully.*
*...Though I'm probably never going to hear the end of it from Murakumo.*
Ushio: "...It looks like it worked."
*I gently pick up the stone that's lying on the grass.*
*A Lazurit Bloodstone―a solid mass of mana.*
Ushio: "...It's a little small."
*These stones apparently vary in size depending on how much mana is stored in them, and while they do come in all sizes, this one is relatively small.*
*It quells my fear that this place is actually much larger than it seems, given how big it already is.*
Ushio: "It's nothing more than a support to keep it stable... something like a wedge."
*It wasn't used in the creation of this world, so four of these is more than enough to keep it from collapsing.*
Ulrick: "...I didn't make it in time."
Ushio: "―!!"
*I hold my breath and hide in the shadow of a nearby tree.*
*I hear footsteps on the grass and see Louis's brother.*
Ushio: (Thank goodness. It doesn't seem like he's noticed me...)
*It's all thanks to the perfume that blocks perception by others.*
*I hid myself before he got close enough, so he didn't hear me making any noise either.*
Ulrick: "...This smell... is the destruction potion, huh? Adelheid is undoubtedly involved."
Ushio: (...So he's searching all over for Adelheid-san... Did he come here by chance...?)
*No, I think I heard him saying earlier that he didn't make it in time.*
*He must've meant that he was unable to prevent the support from being destroyed.*
Ushio: (Does the administration know what we're up to...?)
*What do I do? I can't exactly stay hiding here forever.*
*If he's looking for Adelheid-san and has no luck here, he might go to where the others are.*
Ushio: (And that looks like the compound for showing magical traces in his hand...)
*The small bottle that he's holding is familiar.*
*He'll find me instantly if he uses that.*
Ushio: (What should I do...? Should I try to escape without making any noise, or...)
*I come to a decision within a few seconds.*
*If he doesn't find me, he might go to the other locations and prevent the supports from being destroyed.*
Ushio: (I can't have him run into the other three...!!)
*Making up my mind, I jump out from the shadows.*
Ulrick: "You are..."
*Having made a sound, Ulrick notices me as expected and comes chasing after me.*
Ushio: (He'll catch up in no time...!!)
*I know that much, but I can't do anything with my weak legs.*
*Even so, I have to draw his attention.*
Ushio: "......!!"
*I take out the fainting perfume and spray it in his direction.*
Ulrick: "...Perfumes are useless if they're not inhaled."
*He says that expressionlessly and fans it away from his face with his hand.*
Ulrick: "You're not Adelheid... but whatever. Do you know where Ludwig is?"
Ushio: "There's no way I'd tell you...!!"
*I can't outrun him.*
*I know that, but I still run off in an effort to lead him away.*
Ushio: "―...!!"
*I feel something strike the back of my neck... and instantly my consciousness starts to fade.*
Ulrick: "My apologies. I tried to hold back."
*My thoughts stop right as he finishes talking.*
Maya: "I'm sorry! I messed up!!"
Michiru: "Huh...?"
*Kurodani-san comes back looking awfully panicked.*
*She bursts into the room and lowers her head at me, clasping her hands together apologetically.*
Michiru: "What happened...?"
Maya: "I think I was noticed by a Disciplinary Committee member near the school store. He heard me because of the sounds the snack bags were making."
Michiru: "...Y-You didn't have to force yourself to get them..."
Maya: "Ah, I'm not trying to blame you. It's because I was so absorbed in choosing and wasn't being careful."
Maya: "I managed to escape without being caught... but I ended up dropping the memo I wrote..."
Michiru: "...Did he follow you?"
Maya: "I don't know! That's why this place might be dangerous now, so we should move!"
Michiru: "O-Okay... But where to?"
Maya: "The door to the other world or whatever, Koga and the others are going to use it to get back too, right? How about we go through it and wait for them near there?"
Michiru: "...Okay. And if someone comes to this room, they won't find us right away."
Maya: "Yeah, though in the worst case, if they do go up the stairs, we'd be forced to use the Key of Janus."
Michiru: "I should be able to manage that. Ah, but... can you carry Louis-san?"
Maya: "I-I'll do my best!! Let me put down my bag upstairs first. I can't carry both at once."
*She runs up the stairs and leaves her bag on the other side of the door before returning.*
Maya: "Up we go... Ugh... I knew his feet would be dragging along the ground..."
Michiru: "...Are you okay? I'm sorry I can't be of more help..."
Maya: "I'm fine! Though I should be asking you that. Can you move?"
Michiru: "Mm..."
*I nod and shakily hold onto the bed to get up on my feet.*
*I'll probably be staggering a bit, but I think I'll be able to walk.*
Maya: "You go up first, Michiru-chan. Otherwise, if I lose my grip on Louis-san, he'll end up taking you down with him."
Michiru: "Okay."
*I somehow make my way up the stairs using the wall for support.*
*When I step through the door, I see Shizuka running towards me.*
Shizuka: "Michiru!? What the heck are you doing?"
Michiru: "...Help Kurodani-san."
Shizuka: "Help her? Did something happen?"
Michiru: "She went to go get food for us, but she said that she might've been spotted by a Disciplinary Committee member, so we moved here just in case..."
Shizuka: "Okay, you wait here."
*He darts down the stairs without waiting for me to finish my clumsy explanation.*
*He comes back in no time at all with Louis-san on his back.*
Maya: "You saved me there. Nice timing, Murakumo-senpai."
Shizuka: "You do the craziest things... Everything would've been fine if you'd stayed still, but you had to go outside."
*He scolds Kurodani-san as he puts Louis-san down onto the ground.*
Michiru: "B-But... It's bad if we don't have food..."
*I didn't stop her earlier, so I try to defend her and Shizuka's expression becomes awkward.*
Shizuka: "Yeah, but still."
Maya: "I'm sorry! I don't think he followed me, but..."
Shizuka: "What's done is done. Did you get the food at least?"
Maya: "Yep! That I managed to do!"
Shizuka: "We'll call it even then. Either way, someone probably would've found us if we stayed there for too long."
Maya: "Thank you!"
Michiru: "Phew..."
Shizuka: "Michiru, are you okay walking?"
Michiru: "Yeah, I feel a lot better now."
*I'm still a little wobbly, but I can definitely walk, and I probably won't fall asleep if I'm moving around.*
Michiru: "...Sorry."
Shizuka: "For what?"
Michiru: "If I could better use my powers, we wouldn't have to hide like this..."
Shizuka: "What're you talking about, silly? Nobody's concerned about that."
Maya: "He's right. I even told you earlier that I wasn't blaming you for anything."
Michiru: "Yeah, but..."
Shizuka: "What's up with her? Has she been like this the entire time?"
Maya: "Hmm, kind of."
Shizuka: "You know, Michiru, nobody's blaming you for not being able to make full use of your powers."
Michiru: "Y-Yeah, I... know that."
Shizuka: "You've already saved us a lot of times, so don't be so hard on yourself."
Shizuka: "And besides... if you're going to be saying that, I was the one who got you involved in the first place, so it's my fault if anything..."
Michiru: "It's not your fault. I was the one who called out to you."
Shizuka: "We're the same then. If you think it's not my fault, I could say the same about you. I bet the others think the same way."
Maya: "Yeah, I'm sure Koga's not blaming Murakumo-senpai for all the stuff that's happening to you!"
Michiru: "Yeah, Onii-chan wouldn't do that."
Shizuka: "Hey, wait! Why're you trying to make me feel better now!?"
Maya: "You looked like you were worried about it."
Shizuka: "It's because Michiru kept trying to belittle herself!!"
Michiru: "S-Sorry, I won't bring it up anymore."
Shizuka: "Really? You won't worry about it anymore?"
Michiru: "...Yeah."
Shizuka: "Good. Now behave yourself and get some rest. Your face is still pale."
Michiru: "...Okay."
*I do as he says and sit down.*
Maya: "You're actually a surprisingly nice guy in spite of everything, Murakumo-senpai."
*She smirks as she looks back and forth between me and Shizuka.*
Shizuka: "Shut up! ...Don't you dare tell Koga about this."
Michiru: "I can't?"
Shizuka: "Obviously not!"
Adelheid: "What are you all being so rowdy about in a place like this..."
Shizuka: "Oh."
*Heidi-san had returned at some point and is looking at us, confused.*
Maya: "Sorry! It's all my fault!"
Adelheid: "What happened?"
*We explain the situation to her while we wait for Onii-chan and Ushio-san to come back.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Why's everyone out here?"
Michiru: "Oh... Onii-chan."
Adelheid: "That was fast. You had the one furthest away."
*I wave back at Heidi and Kurodani and run over to where they are, which for reasons unknown to me is on this side of the door.*
Maya: "Welcome back."
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you all doing here?"
Maya: "...Sorry."
Mitsuyoshi: "What'd you do this time?"
Maya: "Umm, when I went to go get food, a Disciplinary Committee member heard the crinkling of snack wrappers, so I had to escape."
Mitsuyoshi: "Why didn't you just sit still in the room!?"
Michiru: "D-Don't get angry at her... It's because we had no food left..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Uu... I-I see. We were completely out?"
*That would explain why Michiru didn't stop her.*
*Because of my illness, it'd be bad for me if I didn't eat.*
*She's trying to defend Kurodani because she feels somewhat responsible for that.*
Maya: "All we had left was some pickled kelp, cheesy fish snacks, and dried squid."
Shizuka: "Why did you bring so many beer snacks?"
Maya: "I figured that processed foods would last longer, but this stuff isn't going to fill us up I guess."
Mitsuyoshi: "...That's for sure."
Shizuka: "In any case, someone would've come to check Kasumi's room eventually."
Adelheid: "Yeah, there's nothing we can do about it."
Maya: "I'm really sorry!! Thank you so much, everyone!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Where's Mooko by the way?"
Shizuka: "She's not back yet?"
Michiru: "Yeah... The first one back was Shizuka."
Adelheid: "She's taking her time, isn't she?"
Shizuka: "Her objective and mine were both about the same distance away. She should be back by now..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe something happened to her...?"
*I'm hoping that it's because she found something and is investigating it or something.*
*But if so, she would've come back to ask for Heidi's help, since she would know more...*
Adelheid: "Koga, the walls of this world are becoming fairly unstable now."
*Heidi says that as she looks at our surroundings.*
Adelheid: "It appears that all of the devices have been destroyed, including Ushio's."
Mitsuyoshi: "So we were successful?"
Michiru: "Where... could she be then..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*Could she have been spotted by an enemy?*
*And now she can't move and is trying to stay hidden...*
Mitsuyoshi: (...I don't want to think about it, but she could've been captured too. Damn it...)
Shizuka: "I'm worried about her, but shouldn't we move away from here for now? The Disciplinary Committee could come at any minute."
Adelheid: "Yes... How about we go to the location Ushio was responsible for? Perhaps we'll run into her along the way."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah."
Shizuka: "Wh-What's going on!?"
*Suddenly, an earth-shaking roar resounds throughout the world.*
Adelheid: "It's starting to collapse...?"
Maya: "Ah...! Look... Over there, everyone!!"
*She points upwards as she shouts.*
*Above the spiral staircase... even higher than the magic circle.*
Shizuka: "Wh― What in the world is that...?"
Michiru: "...Gears?"
*High up in the sky, large gears are slowly but surely descending in tandem with the thundering sounds...*
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: (...Where am I...?)
*When I try to move around, I notice that my hands and feet are restrained.*
*On top of that, I'm also lying on the ground.*
*If I remember correctly, I ran into Ulrick-san and fainted afterwards.*
*That's about all I can recall.*
Ushio: (...So I was captured, and he brought me here...)
*Looking around at my surroundings, this place is familiar.*
*It's the basement of the chapel, which I've already been imprisoned in twice before.*
Ushio: (But... what is that...?)
*There's a strange piece of machinery that wasn't here last time.*
Fuhito: "Oh my, you're awake! Ha ha ha ha!"
Ushio: "Principal..."
*Having noticed that I've regained consciousness, the principal and Ulrick-san approach me.*
Fuhito: "My, my, long time no see, Shishigatani-san! I see that your wits are still as sharp as they've always been!! Ha ha ha ha!!"
Ushio: "...What are you talking about?"
Fuhito: "What else but this!?"
*She unfolds the piece of paper that she's holding in her hand and shows it to me.*
Ushio: (Is that... the map I drew of the other world...!?)
*The one with the locations of the support devices.*
*She knew what we were up to because of that.*
*But why does she have it...?*
Fuhito: "Apparently you were trying to destroy the other realm?"
Ushio: "...What do you mean?"
*I suppress the restlessness within my heart and feign ignorance.*
*I shouldn't be giving them more information.*
*It'd be better for me to keep quiet about our plans.*
Fuhito: "Ha ha ha! How laudable! Truly laudable!! I'm impressed! Hahahahaha!!"
*She laughs loudly for a while before putting down the map and taking out a small box.*
Ushio: (That's...!!)
Fuhito: "Hehehe, it looks like you remember it. That's right, this is Corvus Albus!!"
*One of the Mists that we had previously retrieved and sealed.*
*Anyone pricked by the feathers that fly out from the box is forced to answer three questions posed to them by the user.*
*I myself used it on Koga-kun once...*
Fuhito: "Now then, let's hear what you have to say."
*She opens the box without a moment's hesitation.*
*A feather flutters in the air and pricks my head.*
Fuhito: "Should I ask about where our two other German guests are located?"
Ulrick: "Yeah."
Fuhito: "Shishigatani-san, tell me: where are Adelheid-san and Louis-san?"
*I immediately bite my lip, but it's useless.*
*Words flow out of my mouth, heedless of my intentions.*
Ushio: "...Adelheid-san is in the other world. Louis-san is in Murakumo-san's room."
Fuhito: "Thank you!! Well, you heard her."
Ulrick: "What does she mean by Murakumo-san's room?"
Fuhito: "Oh, you can get there easily with this."
*She takes out the Key of Janus from her pocket and turns it in midair.*
*A door immediately appears.*
*I wanted to shout and tell them to run away, but that would've only served to put Ulrick-san on his guard.*
Fuhito: "...Oh?"
Ulrick: "It's empty."
Ushio: (Nobody's there... Did they notice and escape? No, they couldn't have that quickly...)
*Something must've happened to make them change their hiding spot.*
*What an unfortunate stroke of good luck.*
Fuhito: "Hmm, I suppose they moved somewhere else, but if she didn't say that, then that means she doesn't know where they went."
Ulrick: "I have no choice but to go back to the other world and search for Adelheid then."
Fuhito: "I'm sorry for the trouble, but please do. Right this way."
*She closes the door to Murakumo-san's room and uses the key again to open a new one to the other world.*
Fuhito: "I'll leave the key with you. Oh, right, take this with you while you're at it."
*She also hands him Corvus Albus.*
Fuhito: "With your mana, you should be able to use it two or three times."
Ulrick: "Thanks. With this, I can find out Adelheid's location from the rest of them, correct?"
Fuhito: "Indeed! But do be careful. That other world is only going to last for about another hour!"
Ulrick: "An hour, huh?"
Fuhito: "That's right. Also, I want to take her somewhere else, so come back here in about 15 minutes."
Ulrick: "Understood."
*He nods and walks through the door.*
Ushio: (It'll only last for another hour...? What does that mean? Does she know that we've destroyed the supports? But she sounds far too calm...)
*I have a bad feeling about this. I begin to worry, cold sweat forming on my forehead and the back of my neck.*
Fuhito: "Hehehe, you look pale, Shishigatani-san."
*She gives an almost innocent smirk.*
Ushio: "......"
Fuhito: "You targeted the right place, but you were a bit too late to realize. Having those supports destroyed was actually beneficial for us!"
*Beneficial... That bothers me, but it could very well be a trap.*
Ushio: "I have no idea what you're talking about."
Fuhito: "Hahaha, you're a tough one! Even though the battle is already over!! Ha ha ha ha!!"
*She bursts into laughter as she looks down at me and pompously spreads out her arms.*
Fuhito: "Soon enough, there won't be enough mana supplied to keep that giant body afloat, and the gears will fall!!"
Ushio: (Gears...?)
Fuhito: "We'll then set the projector and they'll rise up in the air again. Once that happens, the new magic circle will activate!"
*The principal walks towards a circular machine as she says that and takes out a disc-shaped object.*
Fuhito: "Look, this is it!!"
*So by projector, she was referring to that contraption.*
*The disc she removed has tightly packed letters and patterns drawn on it.*
Ushio: (That's... a magic circle...?)
*The magic circle's engraved directly onto that disc.*
*Which means that the machine is going to project that magic circle somewhere.*
Fuhito: "Can you tell what this is? Hehehe, you're a smart one, so I'm sure you've already figured it out!"
Fuhito: "This has the same base as the magic circle you destroyed. It summons the Night students and makes them appear!"
Fuhito: "Using specially processed Lazurit Bloodstones, we're able to have the Night students attached to the west dorm students' bodies semi-permanently."
Fuhito: "That's all the same so far, but we learned from our mistakes and made some improvements."
Fuhito: "Look at this part. You know a little about this stuff, so you understand what it does, don't you?"
*On the disc thrust before my eyes, the text written on the part she's pointing at is for...*
Ushio: "...The absorption of mana..."
Fuhito: "Precisely! Hahahahaha, just what I'd expect from you, Shishigatani-san!!"
Fuhito: "Since you destroyed the supports, that other realm is quite unstable at the moment!!"
Fuhito: "In other words, mana will more easily flow throughout the realm. If we start up the magic circle and have it absorb the mana from the other realm all at once..."
Fuhito: "...The spell will activate instantly. Hahahahaha, isn't it perfect!?"
Ushio: (Absorb the entire realm...)
*I can't even imagine how much mana that would amount to.*
*They were planning on absorbing the realm from the very start anyway, even if we didn't destroy the supports.*
Ushio: (We weren't just one step behind... It was a complete miss...)
*I curl up my hands into fists out of frustration.*
*Paying no heed to me, the principal continues to talk in high spirits.*
Fuhito: "On top of that, take a look at this!"
Fuhito: "According to the details of the hypnosis here, when the spell activates, everyone in the school will forget both the truth about the Night students and the existence of the west dorm students."
Fuhito: "Meaning that everyone will think that the west dorm students were the Night students to begin with! Ha ha ha haha ha ha..."
Ushio: "If you have so much knowledge, why!?"
*I can't hold myself back anymore and shout at her.*
Ushio: "Why did you not look for some other method!? Why did you resort to this!?"
Fuhito: "Oh dear, what came over you all of a sudden? Did I not mention that there was no other way?"
Ushio: "...We looked into the fire that happened 20 years ago."
Fuhito: "Fire? 20 years ago?"
Ushio: "Yes. The people you're trying to revive are the missing students from back then... no?"
Fuhito: "......"
*For a moment, she stares at me blankly, but―*
Fuhito: "Hahahahahaha!! You looked into it!? So you went and investigated the fire, huh? Ha ha ha ha ha!!"
*She laughs wholeheartedly.*
Fuhito: "...What good did you think that would've done you? We came up with this method because there was no alternative!!"
Fuhito: "A Magie of Calamity doesn't exist! Even with magic, we couldn't find one no matter how hard we tried!!"
Fuhito: "Dead Magie are reborn, but whether or not the person they've been reborn as awakens to the power within them is a different story..."
Fuhito: "We've tried over and over again! We've sent out countless prospectuses, veering between excitement and disappointment at the number of birds that come back."
Ushio: "Birds..."
*She's referring to the ones that appear when the guidebook for prospective students is opened.*
*I heard from Koga-kun that that happened with Michiru-san.*
*So that... was meant to search for the Magie of Calamity...*
Fuhito: "Not just the birds. We've tried using searching spells to find the Magie of Calamity's reincarnation, a Magie who could save the souls of the students from 20 years ago!!"
Fuhito: "But... our savior never appeared."
Ushio: "......"
Fuhito: "This is the conclusion we reached in the end."
Fuhito: "It boiled down to whether we saved the Night students or the west dorm students. We had to pick one."
Fuhito: "We chose the Night students, and you want to forsake them. That's all it is."
*The gears continue to descend with a thunderous roar as we watch with blank amazement.*
Maya: "I-Isn't this kind of bad? What do we do?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Heidi, do you know what that is? What's going on?"
Adelheid: "...It's just a hunch, but..."
*She responds while staring at the gears.*
Adelheid: "With the supports gone, there isn't enough mana to keep them afloat..."
Mitsuyoshi: "So it's one of the side effects of this place collapsing...?"
*I think back to our conversation with Mooko.*
*When we were discussing the magic circle at length.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Why the magic circle was stopped... And the reason behind them moving the door away from the magic circle...)
Mitsuyoshi: (Was the administration waiting for something...?)
*Waiting... But for what?*
*It was obvious from the start. They were waiting for the moment when they could revive the Night students.*
*Which means―*
Mitsuyoshi: "They were waiting for this...!?"
Adelheid: "Ah! You mean that this was their aim to begin with?"
Shizuka: "What do you mean?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Could it be that they moved the door to the middle of nowhere because they knew that this place was going to collapse?"
Adelheid: "Moving the door wasn't to buy time. It was to move it out of the way of these gears."
Adelheid: "They were planning on destroying this world from the very beginning!"
Michiru: "From the beginning...?"
Adelheid: "It would explain why they had no countermeasures to this world being destroyed. They wanted it to be destroyed anyway."
Shizuka: "Wh-What do we do then? Us destroying the supports actually helped them out?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*What should be our course of action?*
*If Mooko were here, she would've instantly come up with a suggestion...*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Those gears... If they're waiting for those gears to come down...)
*Ignoring them would be the most dangerous option.*
*Checking that the offensive perfume is still in my pocket, I look up at the gears.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I've got a bad feeling about this. Let's head for the top of the spiral staircase, where the gears are probably going to land."
*Maybe Mooko... is safe and making her way there too.*
Adelheid: "Yeah, we won't know what they are without getting a closer look..."
Shizuka: "...Let's go."
Maya: "I-I'm coming too!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Kurodani..."
Shizuka: "Why!?"
Maya: "There might be something I can help with, and besides, wouldn't it be better to have more people?"
Adelheid: "It'll be dangerous, you know."
Maya: "Let me borrow the Key of Janus then if we don't know what's going to happen. I won't get in your way, and I'll escape immediately if it gets bad!"
Mitsuyoshi: "But then that means Michiru and Louis will be..."
Michiru: "I-I'll... look after Louis-san."
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru?"
Michiru: "I'll be okay by myself... if it's just for a little while..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*Her resolve is surprisingly strong.*
*What brought this about?*
Shizuka: "Are you sure? You're not pushing yourself, are you?"
Michiru: "I'm not."
Mitsuyoshi: (Will this be all right? It'd be better to have either Heidi or Murakumo keep the key...)
*Kurodani's never used it before, so she might not be able to in an emergency.*
*As for Michiru... No, she's made up her mind, and nothing I say will change it now.*
Michiru: "...But, umm, it'd help... if you could move him to somewhere more hidden."
Adelheid: "...Okay."
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure, Heidi?"
Adelheid: "Yes. Michiru, please take care of Louis for me."
Michiru: "I-I will."
Adelheid: "But if anything happens, run away by yourself."
Adelheid: "Even if Louis is captured by the enemy, as long as Ulrick's around, he won't allow him to get hurt."
Michiru: "...Okay."
Shizuka: "I'm surprised. For once, you're not prioritizing Louis."
Adelheid: "I normally would, but... if we were in the other's shoes, I'm sure he'd do the same thing."
Shizuka: "I see..."
*Heidi's made up her mind as well, so it should be fine to leave it to Michiru then.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll carry him."
Shizuka: "Is there anywhere they can hide?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's see..."
*I carry Louis on my back over to the hole in the tree where Furoya and I spent the night when we wandered here.*
Mitsuyoshi: "They wouldn't be able to spot you at a glance here."
Adelheid: "It looks perfect."
Shizuka: "Hey, this world's slowly collapsing, isn't it? If they stay here, won't it be bad once we reach the time limit?"
Adelheid: "They won't perish with the realm. They'll just be expelled outside."
Shizuka: "Oh, nothing to worry about then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru, stay here and don't wander around, got it?"
Michiru: "...Yeah. Take care, everyone."
*She climbs into the hole in the tree.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's get going now."
Shizuka: "Yeah, let's check out those gears."
Adelheid: "Our options for attacking are limited. We should proceed with caution."
Maya: "Okay!"
*Kurodani tightly grips the Key of Janus she was given.*
*After Ulrick-san left, I remained restrained in the room underneath the chapel, unable to do anything.*
Ushio: (That disc... I didn't understand the more detailed parts of it, but the principal deliberately showed me the part about absorption...)
*If I could insert even a tiny scratch in between that symbol and the one for activation, I could prevent the magic circle from instantly activating.*
Ushio: (Of course, she won't take her eyes off of the projector... Now would be my chance since her guard is down...)
*But even if I did have that chance, I can't do anything with these handcuffs on me.*
*Is there anything else?*
*Could I maybe let Koga-kun and the others know about this somehow...?*
*―In the end, I'm unable to do anything, and Ulrick-san returns.*
Fuhito: "Oh, welcome back! You couldn't find them?"
Ulrick: "No... It's quite large, after all. I didn't run into anyone over there, let alone Adelheid."
Ushio: (Thank goodness...)
*Hearing those words fills me with relief.*
*Everyone else should still be safe, though I'm wondering where they're hiding...*
Ulrick: "I'll have to wait until the perfume that's blocking this key's effect wears off."
*Sighing, he returns the Key of Janus to the principal.*
Momoka: "Principal~ It's time to meet up~"
Fuhito: "Oh, perfect timing! Carry Shishigatani-san for me, please!!"
Ulrick: "Understood."
*He lifts me up without much effort.*
Ulrick: "Don't struggle. You'll force me to get violent."
Ushio: "......"
*From the sound of it, I wouldn't get away with just one or two broken bones, so I resign myself and stay still.*
Fuhito: "Now then, Shishigatani-san. Open up a door to the treasury with this key."
Ushio: "......?"
*She places the Key of Janus in my hand.*
Ushio: (Why me...?)
*If I assume that the perception-blocking perfume has worn off...*
*What would they do if I opened a door to Koga-kun?*
Ushio: (...No, I can't. With Ulrick-san and Shogoin-senpai here... doing that would be like launching a surprise attack on them...)
*Given that I don't know where they currently are, I can't be putting them in danger like that.*
Fuhito: "Come now, get on with it already! Hurry, hurry, hurry!!"
Ushio: "......"
*While I hesitate since I can't tell what her true intentions are, she suddenly returns to her usual self and tilts her head.*
Fuhito: "Well, if you don't want to do it, I'll find some other way. It doesn't matter to me."
Ushio: "......"
*What would that other way be?*
*I have absolutely no idea, considering that I don't even know why she asked me to do it in the first place.*
Ushio: "...The treasury, right?"
*After much thought, I decide to do as she says.*
*Having to use a Mist I'm familiar with is probably better than seeing what else she comes up with.*
Fuhito: "Well done!!"
*She takes the key back immediately after I use it and opens the door.*
*It's properly connected to right in front of the treasury.*
*It goes without saying that there's nobody else here, so it's dead silent.*
Fuhito: "I want to try something out. Pass Shishigatani-san to Shogoin-san."
*She barks out orders as she enters the treasury.*
Momoka: "Up we go... Phew."
*Taking me from Ulrick-san, Shogoin-senpai walks unsteadily towards the treasury.*
Ushio: "Huh... Wait...!!"
*I'm going to be blown back... I instinctively close my eyes, expecting an impact.*
Ushio: "...Huh?"
*I feel a tingle resembling a static shock as I'm safely carried inside.*
Fuhito: "Ahahaha, surprised, aren't you, Shishigatani-san!?"
*The principal, who was already inside, happily observes my wide-eyed face.*
Fuhito: "This barrier reacts to the amount of mana one has, so even humans are able to enter if they've used it all up!"
Fuhito: "I heard it from Rito, so I'm positive that's correct. She was with us for a period of time, you see."
Fuhito: "How come Koga-kun was able to enter the treasury before? Is he a homunculus?"
Rito: "That barrier reacts to the amount of mana inside the person, so humans are able to enter if they have none."
Fuhito: "Oh? So anyone can get in as long as they've used up all their mana!!"
Rito: "Yes, anyone can."
Ushio: "That's why you had me use the key..."
*I'm able to use it once, but that essentially depletes all my mana since I have less than the average person.*
*Using an amount much greater than what you have will cause you to faint, much like what happens when someone accidentally activates a Mist, but simply depleting it is safe.*
*And that's exactly what happened when I used it...*
Fuhito: "Hehehe, precisely! Well, if you refused, I would've just used some other Mist to suck out your mana!"
*That was the other method she was referring to.*
*Resisting would've been pointless then.*
Fuhito: "And also, humans slowly regenerate mana... meaning that..."
Ushio: "......!!"
*I finally see what her intentions are.*
Fuhito: "It should be about time. Shogoin-san, try it."
Momoka: "Okay~"
*Still carrying me, Shogoin-senpai now tries to exit the treasury.*
Ushio: "Kyaa!!"
Momoka: "Uwah!"
*This time, the entrance responds and I'm forced back, causing Shogoin-senpai to lose her balance and fall on her behind.*
Fuhito: "Now you can't leave, not until the Mists are usable again at the very least! Ha ha ha!!"
Ushio: "......"
*This is why she stole my mana. In order to trap me here...*
Ushio: (I can't get out without using some sort of Mist...!)
*And they're currently all sealed.*
Momoka: "Oww... Are you okay?"
Ushio: "Y-Yes..."
*I'm trying my best to figure out what to do in this situation, and Shogoin-senpai is treating me like she would any regular student.*
Momoka: "Principal~ She won't be able to get out for a while, so can I take off her handcuffs? They look painful~"
Fuhito: "Hmm? Sure, I don't see why not."
Momoka: "Thank you~ Isn't that great~? Oh no, they left a mark. Does it hurt?"
Ushio: "...No."
*She's acting as if this is completely normal, and it's throwing me off.*
Ushio: (She's such a kind person, and yet...)
*Because of some twisted promise, she's being used for such an inhumane plan...*
Momoka: "There, that should do it!"
Fuhito: "Are you done? Let's get going then."
*She walks towards the exit and speaks to me over her shoulder.*
Fuhito: "Stay there for a while and watch as our grand spell unfolds. Ha ha ha ha..."
Momoka: "See you~"
Ushio: "......"
*The two of them leave, and I'm left here in the treasury by myself.*
*I'm surrounded by numerous Mists wrapped in talismans.*
*It'll be another two days before I'm able to use any of these.*
Ushio: (What do I do...? Koga-kun...)
*I know that it's pointless, but I try heading for the exit.*
Ushio: "Ah...!!"
*All that happens is the barrier ruthlessly rejecting me, as I expected.*
Ushio: "Even though... I have barely any mana..."
*I may have recovered some, but it's not enough to use the Key of Janus again.*
*So even after the seals wear off, I'm still limited in which Mists I can use.*
Ushio: (Oh... but...)
*The Lazurit Bloodstone from the support I destroyed.*
*I hurriedly check my pocket and find that it's still there.*
Ushio: (They didn't notice that I had it... With this...)
*It's just a pebble, but it's more than enough to use a Mist.*
*But none of these Mists can be used right now.*
Ushio: (Is there... one where the seal already wore off? One that was sealed earlier...)
*I try searching, but unluckily for me, none of them are like that.*
Ushio: (So I have no choice but to wait until they're usable again...? But...)
*By then, it'll be too late.*
*Left in this hopeless situation, I have no choice but to bite my lip and admit defeat.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...It doesn't seem like there's anyone up there."
*We slowly proceed up the spiral staircase.*
*I'm in front, followed by Heidi, Kurodani, and Murakumo.*
Shizuka: "Nobody's coming from below either."
Adelheid: "Perhaps the principal and the rest of them aren't here yet."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I'm assaulted by a feeling I don't quite understand, like I'm constantly anxious despite being relaxed.*
*That anxiety is due to Mooko not being here.*
*It's definitely strange that she hasn't come back yet.*
*There's a fairly good chance that she's been captured, so I can't help but worry.*
*However, for some reason, I'm not so perturbed as to lose my composure and act hastily.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Really, what's going on...?)
*Unable to come up with any answers by myself, I pose the question to the other three.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey... What do you guys think happened to Mooko?"
Adelheid: "...Well."
Shizuka: "Something probably happened to her. I just hope it's not the worst possible thing."
Mitsuyoshi: "Captured, huh..."
Adelheid: "It's not like her to not come back without any notice. It would be best to assume that she can't come back."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
*The perception-blocking perfume should still be in effect.*
*Which means that we can't use the Key of Janus to find her, either.*
Shizuka: "...You're surprisingly calm about this."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're in the same boat that I'm in."
*We haven't seen Sumi-chan or Tsubaki-chan since they were pulled away.*
Shizuka: "The same boat, huh... Well, I guess our situations are pretty similar..."
Mitsuyoshi: (I wonder if those two are in the same place as Mooko, namely the enemy's hands...)
*As I'm pondering that, we reach the top of the spiral staircase.*
*The gears have descended a good amount and are quite close now.*
Shizuka: "Seeing them up close, they're a lot bigger than I thought they'd be..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Kurodani, you wait here on the stairs. If anything happens, go back to where Michiru is, grab her, and run."
Maya: "Roger!"
*She gives a confident nod and stops following us.*
*Murakumo, Heidi, and I step onto the platform at the top.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!!"
*The two silhouettes I see cause my feet to stop in their tracks.*
Kasumi: "Oh, they're here."
Tsubaki: "Hey, I knew you'd come."
Shizuka: "Kasumi... Mibu-san..."
Mitsuyoshi: "This is..."
*I thought that it was the hypnosis from last time, but then I smell a familiar scent.*
*It's the same one as when Hanatate looked like Omaru.*
Adelheid: "It's the smell of a hypnotizing incense. It was used on them."
Shizuka: "I thought so..."
Adelheid: "Their souls have been temporarily rewritten, so the magic circle that dispels hypnosis won't work. We'll have to knock them unconscious for a while."
Mitsuyoshi: "At least they're safe. Could you two let us through?"
Tsubaki: "I'm sorry, Mii-kun. We can't do that."
Kasumi: "Yeah, we have to protect those gears."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Well, I should've known they'd say that since they've been hypnotized..."
Shizuka: "Tch... Of all the things...!"
Adelheid: "You said that you're going to protect those gears, but what exactly are they?"
Kasumi: "They're something very important."
Shizuka: "In what way?"
Kasumi: "I don't know. They're just important."
Shizuka: "...Talking isn't going to get us anywhere."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know."
Adelheid: "How are you going to protect them?"
Tsubaki: "Our job is to make those gears float high up in the sky again."
Adelheid: "...So that's why they needed the two Magie. I'm not sure what for, but it sounds like they need mana."
*Heidi whispers that to me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "That's a problem. We came here to stop that."
Tsubaki: "We can't do that, even if it's a request from you. We have to protect those gears no matter what."
Adelheid: "...It looks like we'll have to get a little rough with them."
Shizuka: "Left on their own, will they return to normal after a while?"
Adelheid: "In about an hour or so."
*Heidi immediately takes out the perfume and poises herself to attack.*
*Seeing that, Tsubaki-chan takes a step forward.*
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan, stay back."
Kasumi: "You can do it!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, hey, it's three against one, you know."
Tsubaki: "So what? I won't show mercy to anyone who comes any closer."
Adelheid: "...The two of you restrain her if you can. I'll spray the perfume on her to make her faint."
Shizuka: "Doesn't look like we've got a choice...!!"
*He gives me a signal before he darts off.*
*I run as well and close in on Tsubaki-chan.*
Tsubaki: "Whoa there, you really are fast on your feet, Mii-kun."
*―But my hands move in vain and grab empty space.*
*As if she could read our minds, she skillfully takes a step back.*
Adelheid: "She predicted their movements...!?"
*Heidi panics when she sees us miss and also steps backwards.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Murakumo, circle around from behind!"
*Seeing that things aren't going as planned, I shout at Murakumo and go straight for Tsubaki-chan, putting myself between her and Heidi.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Guh...!"
*I feel a strong impact in my flank and see that Tsubaki-chan's kick connected.*
Shizuka: "Koga!?"
Tsubaki: "Sorry, I already said that I wouldn't hold back."
*I step back before I receive a second hit.*
*She doesn't pursue me, but instead turns around and drives an elbow towards Murakumo.*
Shizuka: "Urgh!?"
*He barely dodges it as I try to move into Tsubaki-chan's blind spot.*
*However, she quickly notices what I'm doing.*
Kasumi: "Shii-chan, don't get in the way!"
Shizuka: "Guh, damn you, Kasumi!"
*Murakumo's uniform is being dragged backwards, as if pulled by some invisible force.*
*Apparently, he's being restrained by Kasumi's powers.*
Tsubaki: "Murakumo... Can you stay still for a while?"
Shizuka: "―!!"
*She turns towards Murakumo again.*
*Her back is completely defenseless.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Stop it, Tsubaki-chan!!"
*She'll probably be able to dodge, but I charge at her anyway.*
Tsubaki: "―It's futile."
*She stoops down... and the next thing I know, I'm flying in the air.*
Adelheid: "Kyaa!?"
*Crap, she threw me straight towards Heidi...!!*
Mitsuyoshi: "Guh...!!"
*I immediately twist my body in order to avoid a direct hit.*
*As a result, I can't fully break the fall and am left winded.*
Shizuka: "Hey, Koga!?"
Adelheid: "Koga!? Are you okay?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Barely... I... I never knew she was so strong..."
*I rub my hips as I get up.*
*Fortunately, I don't feel anything wrong with my bones and muscles, so they must not have suffered much damage.*
Shizuka: "No, I'm pretty sure she wasn't like this before. It's like she can read our minds..."
Adelheid: "It's because of our surroundings. Due to all the high-ranking spells that were used, her powers are being amplified as well!"
*Urging us to be careful, Heidi pre-emptively sprays some of the perfume to keep Tsubaki-chan away from herself.*
Tsubaki: "This does nothing if I don't breathe it in."
*But she sees through that as well and easily evades.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Heidi, get back! Don't get too close to her!"
*To prevent Heidi from getting attacked, I close in on Tsubaki-chan, blocking her path.*
*Her mind-reading puts me completely on the defensive, and capturing her is out of the question.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Damn, there has to be some way... Even a second is fine. I just need to catch her off guard...)
*I ready the perfume as well and wait for an opening.*
Maya: "Ei!!"
Tsubaki: "Wha―"
*Suddenly, a door appears out of nowhere.*
*Naturally, Tsubaki-chan is startled and turns towards it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Heidi!!"
Adelheid: "On it!!"
*Heidi promptly aims for Tsubaki-chan's face and sprays the perfume.*
Tsubaki: "......!!"
Kasumi: "Ahh! Hime-chan!!"
Shizuka: "You go to sleep too!"
*Murakumo sprays the perfume at Sumi-chan, who ran to Tsubaki-chan's aid.*
Shizuka: "That sure took long enough..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Nicely done, Kurodani!"
Maya: "Ehehe~"
Maya: "...Wait, what... What's that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
*She looks up in shock at the giant gears behind us.*
*They've completely descended.*
Adelheid: "That's...!!"
*And above them―*
Mitsuyoshi: "It ruptured...?"
*A rift like the one Michiru created when she arrived is expanding.*
Momoka: "Here we go~!"
*A carefree voice comes from the rift, and with it emerge the principal and Momo-senpai.*
*It looks like the latter is carrying a large piece of machinery in one hand.*
*And following them―*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hina-san."
*Her hair is down and she's not wearing glasses, so I was wondering if it was her for a second, but there's no doubt about it.*
Hina: "......"
*She looks completely uninterested in us and stares at the gears beneath her feet.*
Shizuka: "She's... got a different air around her... I know she was never an energetic person, but..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
*She's clearly different from the person who would be nonchalantly standing beside Iba-san.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―Hina-san!"
Hina: "......"
*She seems to still respond to that name.*
*She glances at me briefly after hearing my voice.*
Shizuka: "Hey! What're you guys up to this time!?"
Fuhito: "Ha ha ha ha! Isn't it a bit too late to be asking that? We're obviously starting the ritual to save the Night students!!"
Shizuka: "The way you're going about it doesn't count as saving them!"
Adelheid: "We'll do everything in our power to stop you if you keep insisting on such an inhumane method!!"
Fuhito: "Hehehe, then we'll do everything in our power to push it through. Ha ha ha ha!!"
Fuhito: "Now then, Shogoin-san, let's get to it!"
Momoka: "Okay~ Heave-ho..."
*Momo-senpai takes the contraption she's carrying and installs it onto the gears.*
Adelheid: "What are you doing!?"
Fuhito: "That's none of your... Hmm?"
*The principal looks down at us in response to Heidi's voice and her face turns into a scowl.*
Fuhito: "What... Oh dear, what have you done..."
*Seeing the unconscious Sumi-chan and Tsubaki-chan, she looks dejected.*
Fuhito: "How could you have done that!? I wanted those two to lift these gears back up..."
Shizuka: "And that's the exact opposite of what we want!"
Hina: "...That's not a problem."
Fuhito: "What!? It wouldn't be good for you to strain yourself like that again."
Hina: "......"
*With a glare, she suppresses the principal's concerns and then slowly moves her hand.*
*A rift just like the one above the gears appears beside us without a sound.*
Shizuka: "Whoa!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hey, Principal."
*I ignore Hina-san and ask the principal a question directly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Where's Mooko? Is she on the other side of that rift?"
Fuhito: "No, no, your guess is completely wrong. She's in a place that she absolutely won't be able to leave for the time being! Hahahaha!"
Adelheid: "Wait! What are you going to do!?"
*She raises her voice.*
*I turn to see where Heidi's looking. There, Hina-san has her hands on the gears.*
Shizuka: "Th-They're floating...!?"
*In no time at all, the gears rise back up into the sky.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Did Hina-san do that!?"
Adelheid: "It... seems that way..."
*They wanted to have the two Magie do it for them, but she did it by herself in mere seconds.*
Adelheid: "This isn't the time to be staring! We have to stop them!!"
Momoka: "Ahh~ We can't have you doing that. I won't let you get any closer~"
*Momo-senpai blocks Heidi's way as she tries to get closer to Hina-san.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Step aside, Momo-senpai!"
Shizuka: "Wait, Koga! She's not someone you can take on without a plan...!"
Adelheid: "...Y-Yeah, he's right."
*She reluctantly takes a step back.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is she really that dangerous? She doesn't have the tuning fork this time."
Adelheid: "I'm fairly sure that she's a homunculus whose physical abilities have been boosted. Her agility and strength aren't normal."
Mitsuyoshi: "...I see."
*These two have fought her before.*
*I should heed their warning.*
Shizuka: "Look after Kasumi and Mibu-san for me."
*He places Sumi-chan on the ground and takes my place, defending Heidi.*
Momoka: "Murakumo-kun... You're going to make me sad if you make such a scary face..."
Shizuka: "Unfortunately, I'm pissed off right now."
Momoka: "I guess I have no choice then~"
*She shrugs her shoulders and toddles towards us.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―! Murakumo, get back!!"
Shizuka: "Whoa!?"
*Momo-senpai casually swings an arm, grazing Murakumo's cheek as he rushes to leap away.*
Momoka: "Oh, you dodged it."
Mitsuyoshi: "He'd look like a completely different person if he didn't."
Shizuka: "What the hell...!? The wind pressure's enough to make my eyes hurt...!"
*He rubs his eyes and recovers his stance.*
Mitsuyoshi: "We'll force our way through no matter what it takes!"
Momoka: "Not happening~!"
*She grabs me when I try to slip by her side.*
*I attempt to shake her off, but she instead pulls me towards her.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She's overpowering me...!?)
*It comes as a surprise when she has such a small body.*
*This is what happens when a homunculus's physical strength is boosted?*
Momoka: "Nighty night~!!"
*Momo-senpai raises her free arm, poised to punch me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―!"
*I use my other arm to guard my face, trying to prevent a fatal blow.*
Momoka: "Auu!?"
*Suddenly, she loses her footing and falls.*
Shizuka: "Koga, get away from her, now!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "That was close...!"
*Murakumo had circled around behind and tripped Momo-senpai.*
Momoka: "Tripping me's not fair, Murakumo-kun~!"
Shizuka: "All's fair in love and war!!"
Adelheid: "It's your turn to go to sleep!"
Momoka: "Eep, no way~!"
*Heidi goes to spray the perfume at her while she's down, but she manages to evade it.*
*Having gotten away from Momo-senpai, I take the chance to check on the arm that she had grabbed.*
Mitsuyoshi: (It feels fine... but it's all bruised...)
*If she had used her full power, she probably would've crushed it.*
Adelheid: "The gears...!!"
*Heidi shouts to us from a distance while looking up at the sky.*
*The gears are continuing to rise and have almost reached their original position.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Murakumo, you go!!"
*I make a desperate charge at Momo-senpai and spray the perfume... or so I pretend to do and attempt to grab her instead.*
*Murakumo tries to run past her, but―*
Mitsuyoshi: "Guh...!!"
*Before I'm able to get a hold of her, she drives a heavy fist into my stomach.*
Momoka: "Okay, back you go~"
Shizuka: "Whoa!?"
*Murakumo is hoisted up by his collar, like a cat being grabbed by the scruff of its neck, and tossed back in our direction.*
Adelheid: "A-Are you all right!?"
Shizuka: "More or less... Hey, Koga! You alive, bastard!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ugh... Yeah..."
*I stagger backwards and end up having to go down on one knee.*
*But Momo-senpai... She's like a truck.*
Fuhito: "Hahahahaha! Shogoin-san, you did well in holding them off. As a result... look!!"
Adelheid: "Ah..."
Momoka: "Wah~ They're back in place~"
Fuhito: "Yes, the gears are back up in the sky! Hahahahaha, ha ha ha ha ha!!"
*They're now in the same position as when we first saw them.*
*We didn't make it in time...*
*Sending those gears back up must've been no ordinary feat.*
Momoka: "Ah, Mother!"
*Momo-senpai rushes to her side and holds Hina-san in her arms.*
Momoka: "Sh-She's okay!"
Fuhito: "Very well! It's a shame that Mother's fainted, but we can't just wait for her to wake up. It's time."
Fuhito: "It's finally time―Lights!!"
*As if in response to the principal's voice, the machine that was installed onto the gears activates.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What in the world..."
Fuhito: "It's a projector! Isn't it cool!? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha...!!"
*The machine she calls a projector emits light, displaying a giant magic circle in the air.*
Shizuka: "...A magic circle..."
Adelheid: "So that's... what it's projecting...!!"
Fuhito: "Ha ha ha ha ha! Members of the Bureau, this is our victory!!"
*Proclaiming that as she looks up at the magic circle, she spreads her arms in a more grandiose manner than ever before.*
Shizuka: "What do you mean, victory!? We haven't given up yet!!"
Adelheid: "That's right. We can at least stop it before it activates...!!"
Fuhito: "Hmm~? What are you talking about? It's been active ever since it was visible!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What...?"
Adelheid: "Ah!! ...Sh-She's right..."
Shizuka: "It's already doing its thing!?"
Adelheid: "The color of that light indicates that mana's already spread throughout the magic circle... It's alive..."
*Looking at the giant magic circle in the sky, Heidi clenches her fists in frustration.*
Fuhito: "Muahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!"
*Her triumphant laugh echoes throughout the entire realm.*
Fuhito: "We don't need the Magie or anything anymore. All that's left is to wait for the magic circle to absorb this world and activate the spell!"
Fuhito: "Too bad, Bureau members! This completes our plan!! We've won!!"
Fuhito: "Finally! They'll all be revived! All of the west dorm students will be reborn as Night students!! A monumental revival!"
Fuhito: "Ahahahahahahahaha! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!"
*We can't do anything but look up at the sky, dumbfounded, while the principal is convinced that their victory is all but assured.*
Fuhito: "Hehehe... hehe..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Shizuka: "......"
Adelheid: "......"
Momoka: "Hmm? Principal, something's wrong..."
Fuhito: "...Wh-What is it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......?"
Adelheid: "The mana to activate the magic circle has already spread throughout it, but the color of the light isn't changing. Could it be that it doesn't have enough mana...?"
Fuhito: "Now, now, hold on! ...Hmm!?"
*She glances all over the magic circle and lets out a surprised voice upon noticing one particular spot on it.*
Fuhito: "What is that shadow?"
Adelheid: "...That is indeed abnormal. Look, over there."
*She points out the location, and we finally realize what's happened.*
*There's a black shadow in one part of the magic circle, as if there were a small stain.*
Adelheid: "That's... Those symbols are for the absorption of mana...!"
Shizuka: "That's the only part that's not lit up."
Mitsuyoshi: "So that magic circle's not going to absorb this world just yet?"
Adelheid: "Correct."
Fuhito: "The disc shouldn't have had that there... Why...!?"
Momoka: "Could there be a scratch in the lens?"
Fuhito: "I checked when it was being installed! There were no scratches!!"
Adelheid: "―Maya, please!!"
*Heidi shouts out after returning to her senses.*
*I instantly understand what she's trying to do.*
*Murakumo and I run out. I grab Tsubaki-chan and he grabs Sumi-chan.*
Maya: "Here!!"
*Kurodani opens a door in front of us with the Key of Janus.*
Adelheid: "Let's get out of here, quickly!!"
Fuhito: "Oh no! Shogoin-san, don't let them get away!!"
Momoka: "Okay... Ahh, wait, what about Mother...!?"
*Momo-senpai tries to pursue us, but since she's carrying the unconscious Hina-san, she's confused as to what to do.*
*We waste no time in escaping through the door.*
Maya: "I-I didn't know where would be good, so I just picked the basement..."
Adelheid: "That's perfect."
*The place we escaped to was the storeroom in the library.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Heidi, why did we retreat? Should we really be leaving that thing alone?"
*I followed Heidi, figuring that we wanted to prioritize recovering Tsubaki-chan and Sumi-chan, but I can't help but worry about that magic circle in the sky.*
*She nods in response to my question.*
Adelheid: "That magic circle is supposed to absorb the other realm and use the mana it was made from."
Shizuka: "Though it seems like that absorption isn't working as intended."
Adelheid: "Yes, that's correct. I don't know why, but a part of it isn't being projected properly and it can't activate."
Mitsuyoshi: "That weird shadow, huh?"
Adelheid: "It was pure chance that the blemish appeared by those symbols... so it didn't immediately absorb the other realm and activate."
Mitsuyoshi: "By immediately, do you mean that the magic circle's still absorbing it, just not all at once?"
Adelheid: "I believe so, at an extremely slow rate."
Adelheid: "The other realm is gradually getting smaller and will eventually disappear."
Shizuka: "And when that happens, the magic circle is going to activate?"
Adelheid: "Correct. It's the same spell as before that summons the Night students and has them permanently possess the west dorm students."
Mitsuyoshi: "How much time do you think we have?"
Adelheid: "At a glance, I think we have around 15 or 16 hours. That's why I had us leave for now."
Mitsuyoshi: "A bit over half a day, huh...? That's good."
Adelheid: "Yes, we can use that time to think of a way to deal with that projector, and..."
Adelheid: "I didn't want to have Kasumi and Tsubaki remain in that state."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, that's for sure."
Shizuka: "We managed to get them back, but... those gears are too high up..."
Adelheid: "That was part of it. Even if we stayed there, Momoka would've gotten in the way, and the gears were out of our reach."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, that makes sense."
Maya: "Should we bring Louis-san and Michiru-chan here?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, let's do that. Can we still use the Key of Janus?"
*The tree with the hole in the other world would take too much time to get to by foot.*
Maya: "I think so. Let's go."
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I mean anyone out of us here. You've already used it a few times today."
Maya: "I'm fine. I didn't faint or anything back when I turned into a cat, remember?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I guess..."
Adelheid: "...Please take us there then."
Maya: "All righty!"
*She opens a door and we go to the other world to bring Michiru and Louis back.*
*Luckily, they didn't seem to have been spotted by anyone and were still waiting in the hole.*
*I carry Louis on my back and we return to the storeroom.*
Maya: "How are you feeling, Michiru?"
Michiru: "A lot better now, since I was sitting still the entire time."
Maya: "Great!"
*It sounds like we don't have to worry about Michiru's health anymore.*
*But there's still...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Heidi, the perception-blocking perfume is still in effect, right? So we can't use the Key of Janus to find Mooko?"
Adelheid: "No, we still can't."
Mitsuyoshi: "What's 'a place that she absolutely won't be able to leave' supposed to mean...?"
Shizuka: "Right, the principal mentioned something like that."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is there anywhere that comes to mind?"
Adelheid: "She said it in a very suggestive way and sounded extremely confident about it."
Shizuka: "...If we're going to deal with that magic circle, maybe we should find Shishigatani first. She might have some ideas."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's what I'd like to do."
*She'd be able to come up with some sort of countermeasure... Destroying the other world was her idea to begin with, even if it didn't work.*
*She's always been the best in the group for that kind of stuff.*
Maya: "Maybe it's a place under lock and key?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I doubt it."
Maya: "Why?"
Mitsuyoshi: "If all it takes is a key, the principal wouldn't have said 'absolutely'."
Maya: "Hmm, I see."
Shizuka: "Given the principal's attitude, it's probably not somewhere so simple..."
Adelheid: "Perhaps a place that the Key of Janus can't reach?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
Adelheid: "The Key of Janus can get you out of most places, and they know that we have one."
Shizuka: "Then what about the place where Rito was confined? The space that's been separated from our flow of time."
Shizuka: "Only a Magie who can manipulate time would be able to get her out of there."
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I thought about that, but I don't think that's it either."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito was released because having too many people in there would've been too much of a burden, right?"
Shizuka: "Huh? But Kasumi and Mibu-san were released, so..."
Adelheid: "Even so, it's possible that it takes mana to add or remove people from that space."
Shizuka: "Oh, okay. And they wouldn't want to needlessly waste their mana since they might need a lot with the gears."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. Hina-san didn't look like she was holding up too well."
Maya: "Maybe she's outside the campus then!"
Shizuka: "You wouldn't call that 'not being able to leave' though."
Maya: "...Huh? Oh, yeah."
Adelheid: "I don't know... Maybe there are some hidden places that we don't yet know about."
Tsubaki: "Mm..."
Shizuka: "Ah, Mibu-san!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hold on, is the hypnosis gone yet?"
Adelheid: "It's been a while since then, so it should've worn off by the time we went to get Michiru."
*I was ready to defend myself, but Tsubaki-chan doesn't act hostile and instead lowers her head apologetically.*
Tsubaki: "...I'm sorry. It looks like I caused all of you a lot of trouble."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thank goodness. It's gone."
Shizuka: "Are you okay, Mibu-san? You don't want to protect those strange gears anymore, do you?"
Tsubaki: "No, I don't. Argh... I can't believe I attacked you guys..."
Adelheid: "There's nothing you could've done about it. That hypnosis rewrites your soul."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, it's worn off, so don't worry about it."
Tsubaki: "Thanks, Mii-kun. I'm sorry for kicking you with all I had."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm fine now, so don't sweat it."
Shizuka: "He's a tough one after all."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
*However, I can still feel some pain from Momo-senpai's attack. That's a homunculus for you.*
Tsubaki: "By the way... what were you guys talking about? Where's Shishigatani?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well..."
*We explain to her that Mooko's been captured and what the principal said.*
Tsubaki: "......"
Adelheid: "Does anything come to mind?"
Tsubaki: "No... This is just a hunch... but I think she's in the basement."
Mitsuyoshi: "Basement?"
Tsubaki: "Yeah, but it's really nothing more than intuition. I just felt that way for some reason."
Adelheid: "...But you're a Magie, Tsubaki, and based on what happened earlier, your powers have been heightened."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's worth believing in her hunches."
Shizuka: "Let's try searching for her!"
Ushio: (...I'm so powerless.)
*The plan to destroy the other realm proved to be useless in the end.*
*Even though it put everyone in danger.*
Ushio: (I wonder... when the hypnosis spell is going to activate...)
*That disc the principal showed me.*
*When it activates, I'll be put under its hypnosis as well, and I'll forget all about the west dorm students.*
*And among them is...*
Ushio: "Mutsuki..."
*My dear, dear friend.*
Ushio: (Will I forget about you too...?)
*All I can do is wait until that moment arrives.*
Ushio: (But... Koga-kun and the others can still...)
*I want to believe in them.*
*I want to believe that they'll find some way to stop the principal's plans, but...*
*Staying here by myself is causing the despair to eat away at me.*
*―We chose the Night students, and you want to forsake them...*
Ushio: (Forsake them... Right now, we're trying to abandon our precious friend Karasuma-kun...)
*He didn't wish to be revived by having to sacrifice someone.*
*And that is our wish as well.*
Ushio: (Yet... right now...)
*I can't even grant him that wish.*
*We were prepared to see him go, and yet...*
Ushio: (We were unable to predict the administration's movements and now we've been cornered.)
*Was it because the thought of having to abandon Karasuma-kun was weighing on our minds?*
*If the school succeeds with the ritual, Karasuma-kun will return... We'd forget everything and go back to that time...*
Ushio: (Did I... want that to happen, deep down...? Is that why my deductions fell short...?)
*In which case, how weak of a person I must be.*
*I was the one who forsook the west dorm students and Mutsuki.*
Ushio: "I... I..."
*―Koga-kun.*
*Even though I said such caustic words that time...*
Ushio: "I'm not glad at all!"
Ushio: "I found Mutsuki but lost Karasuma-kun in exchange. Did you think that that would make me happy!?"
*Blurting that out, I was more upset about losing Karasuma-kun than I thought I would be.*
*Has that been bothering me this entire time?*
Ushio: "Koga-kun... I'm so sorry..."
*He's the one who's in the most pain.*
*What is he up to right now?*
*I bet he's worried sick about me since I haven't returned...*
Ushio: (...He's a kind person after all.)
*As I sit, I unintentionally fiddle with a Mist wrapped in a talisman that rolled over to my feet.*
Ushio: (Oh... but...)
*If he knew that while I was waiting here for night to fall...*
*That I was spacing out and thinking such cruel thoughts about returning to those times...*
Ushio: "...He'd get mad at me for sure."
*Even though he knew that he might not be able to save Karasuma-kun, he chose to respect his friend's wishes.*
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "What are you doing, Shishigatani Ushio!? This is no time to be losing your bearings!!"
*I slap myself on the cheeks.*
*If I have the leisure to be moping, I should be finding some way out of here.*
Ushio: (That's right. Otherwise...)
*Both Koga-kun and Karasuma-kun would be angry with me.*
*And probably Mutsuki too.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I told you that I'm calming myself down. Help me out here."
Ushio: (...At least let me be his support.)
*If I can't escape from here, I might be able to relay to them what I know.*
Ushio: (Think... What can I do...? Something that I can do right now...)
*I still remember the Night students.*
*Which means that that magic circle hasn't activated yet.*
Ushio: (I want to be useful... I want to support Koga-kun... Please, get a grip on yourself, Ushio...)
*Some way to get out of here, or some way to let them know what I know.*
*Or perhaps some way to undo the seal on a Mist...*
Ushio: "......?"
*As I'm looking around the treasury at random for something I can use, a glimmer of light enters my field of view.*
Ushio: "Something's glowing...?"
*Deep inside the treasury, something is faintly shining.*
Ushio: "A Mist...!?"
*The seal might've worn off.*
*I hurriedly get up and look around where I saw the light.*
Ushio: "...Found it!"
*Underneath a Mist that's wrapped in a sealing talisman is a box.*
Ushio: "Is this... a Mist? If it's in here, then it probably is one..."
*I unconsciously start talking aloud to myself.*
*When I lift it up, the talisman plastered to its bottom flutters to the ground.*
*It wasn't properly attached to the Mist so it wasn't effective.*
*The principal had to deal with so many Mists. It's no surprise that there was one that was overlooked.*
Ushio: "But I didn't find this earlier when I was actively searching..."
*Was it initially somewhere else, unsealed?*
*And then it was drawn to my desires.*
*If that's the case, then Lady Luck is on my side.*
Ushio: (I don't know what sort of Mist it is, but...)
*Right now, I want to cling to any glimmer of hope I have.*
*Not to mention, Mists appear beside those who need them.*
*Since it suddenly lit up, there's a good chance that it's a Mist that's useful to me.*
Ushio: "......"
*Making up my mind, I open the lid of the small box.*
Ushio: "Ah..."
*A flickering blue light with an intricate pattern inscribed on it appears, along with a beautiful melody like one from a music box.*
*It's almost like a will-o'-the-wisp, but oddly enough, I don't feel afraid.*
Mist: "Were you the one who called for me...?"
Ushio: "Huh... Y-Yes, that's right."
*I never expected it to talk to me. I hastily nod, wide-eyed in surprise.*
Mist: "This Mist is a special one... It responds to pure and earnest wishes of wanting to open a path to the future."
Ushio: "To the future..."
*I definitely did wish for that.*
*It activated in response.*
Mist: "What is your wish?"
Ushio: "...To leave here and stop their plans to sacrifice the students."
*I give a simple explanation of the state of affairs as I think.*
*How the administration is trying to revive the students from 20 years ago, how they want to sacrifice the west dorm students, how I was captured and trapped in here.*
Ushio: "My friends are fighting for that very purpose. We all... want to save everyone."
*The will-o'-the-wisp wavers, appearing to nod.*
Mist: "You have a Lazurit Bloodstone, don't you?"
Ushio: "Yes, I do."
*The one I picked up in the other world is in my inner pocket.*
Mist: "Place that inside the box."
Ushio: "...Okay."
*I take out the stone and do as I'm told.*
Mist: "...It seems that you're a bit lacking in mana, but there should be enough time for you to replenish it after you escape here."
Mist: "One last thing. In order to use this Mist, there is something that you must discard."
Ushio: "What would that be?"
Mist: "Your very existence."
*Following Tsubaki-chan's intuition, we leave the library and split up to search for Mooko.*
*Heidi is staying behind with Michiru and Louis, just in case someone from the Disciplinary Committee shows up.*
Shizuka: "She's not here."
Maya: "I don't see her here either!"
Tsubaki: "Nowhere to be found, huh...? I guess it was nothing more than a hunch."
Mitsuyoshi: "No, your hunches tend to be pretty spot on. The library's huge, and there's the storeroom..."
*Suddenly, a lightbulb goes off in my head.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hold on, you said the basement, right, Tsubaki-chan?"
Tsubaki: "Hmm? Yeah."
Mitsuyoshi: "Did you specifically mean the floor with the library and the Bureau office?"
Tsubaki: "...Sorry, I don't know. It was nothing more than something vague that I felt."
Mitsuyoshi: "Below the storeroom in the library... Isn't there another basement...?"
Tsubaki: "Below it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "The treasury. I'm going to go take a look!"
*I sprint over to the staircase that leads down there.*
*Kurodani is there.*
Maya: "I already checked down there, but I didn't see anyone,"
*she says.*
Mitsuyoshi: "No, she's definitely down there!"
*As I'm about to descend the stairs, she grabs onto my sleeve for some reason.*
Maya: "...Koga."
Mitsuyoshi: "What is it?"
Maya: "...Hey, are you really that worried about Shishigatani-senpai...?"
*She looks up at me with a serious expression.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's the matter, Kurodani...? You're..."
*She's acting so differently from her usual self that I'm at a loss as to how to react.*
Maya: "Ah... Sorry! Never mind!"
*She suddenly returns to normal and lets go of me, her usual smile on her face.*
Maya: "If you're that curious, I'll come with you."
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you..."
Tsubaki: "―Mii-kun!"
Shizuka: "Huh? Didn't Kurodani check down there already?"
Maya: "I did, but he insists on checking again."
Mitsuyoshi: "Tsubaki-chan said that Mooko was in the basement. There's the treasury even further down here."
*I run down the stairs as I say that.*
*As Kurodani said, there's nobody here.*
Mitsuyoshi: (All that's left is inside the treasury... but she shouldn't be able to get inside to begin with...)
Tsubaki: "...She's not here either?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No..."
*Out of nowhere, I hear some faint music.*
Tsubaki: "...What's that sound?"
Shizuka: "Oh, I hear it too."
Mitsuyoshi: "A music box...? From the treasury?"
*A Mist might've been activated inside.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait here, I'm going to go check inside."
Shizuka: "Huh? Oh, right, you can go in."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I'll be right back."
*A normal human would be repelled by this barrier.*
*Of course, Mooko shouldn't be able to pass through it, so she shouldn't be in here, but...*
*For some reason, I feel uneasy.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Is it because of this sound...?)
*However, this faint melody is not one that would cause someone to be restless.*
*It's actually gentle and nostalgic.*
*As I'm wondering why I feel this way, I set foot inside the treasury.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―Ushio!"
*She's here, smack in the middle of it.*
*She's holding a small music box in her hands, sitting on the floor.*
*I can see that there's a Lazurit Bloodstone inside the box, but...*
*In the blink of an eye, it shatters, leaving behind light and dust.*
Mitsuyoshi: (......! It's the same as when Omaru...)
*When Omaru disappeared, the stone that rolled out of him did the same thing.*
*That thought runs through my mind, and I can't help but get a bad feeling about what's to come.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Mooko! What happened here!?"
*I run over to her and notice that she seems somewhat dazed.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko? Hey!"
Ushio: "Koga...-kun..."
Ushio: "Ah... Ah... I finally understand now...!"
*Her hollow eyes are overcome with some sort of realization.*
Ushio: "Why didn't I notice earlier...!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What did you figure out? ...No, before that, are you all right?"
*I call out to her, embracing her in order to support her body.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!? Mooko, you...!"
*My arms are wrapped around her, yet I can vaguely see their contours.*
*Her body is becoming translucent.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, what's happening to you!? Are you really okay!?"
*However, she doesn't answer my question.*
Ushio: "It's okay... Everything will be fine. I'll do my best... so..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko...!?"
Ushio: "Koga-kun, you have to give it your all, too..."
*It's a familiar scene―The exact same events as back then are playing out again right before my eyes.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ah."
*As she smiles, her body slowly fades away from my arms...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mooko."
*What in the world happened just now?*
*Why did Mooko... disappear like Omaru did?*
Mitsuyoshi: (Where did she disappear to... and why...?)
*She said that everything would be fine, but...*
*It's almost a perfect re-enactment of what happened that night. I find myself frozen to the spot, unable to move...*
*Like a tropical fish swimming through an ocean of books.*
Rito: "......"
*She suddenly stops walking.*
*She seems to have noticed something and stares into space when―*
*A large ball of light rapidly enters her field of vision.*
Rito: "......"
*After staring at the light for a moment, she murmurs:*
Rito: "...I can feel something warm... Mother..."
*The light weaves through the waves of bookshelves and rises up into the air before vanishing.*
*As if it leapt out from the water.*
Angel: (...I don't understand...)
Lazurit: "...I understand how you feel, but I don't think a doll is going to fill the hole in her heart."
Angel: "I can't...?"
Lazurit: "It's not that you can't. I'm sure she'd be happy about your feelings... but a doll is different..."
*What can I do for a friend who's lost her family?*
*At first, I wanted to do what everyone did for me and give her a doll as a present.*
*Because that made me really happy back then.*
Angel: (But... it's different this time, huh...?)
*The doll isn't going to fill the hole in her heart―Mother's words are like thorns that prick my own heart.*
*Why can't a doll work?*
*Am I going to be useless to my friend who's in so much pain and sorrow?*
*The more I think about it, the more questions pop up―questions I can't figure out the answers to at all.*
Angel: "......"
*I look up at the sky and see that it's frighteningly clear.*
*It's as if any dark clouds that would bring rain have moved into my heart.*
*I heave a sigh and look back down at the ground.*
*I can hear intermittent laughter coming from other students off in the distance.*
*Right now, I'm alone in this garden...*
Angel: (Flowers...)
*There are countless flowers blooming before my eyes.*
*What about flowers then?*
*Would gathering some flowers into a beautiful bouquet help to ease the pain in her heart?*
Angel: (No... Probably not...)
*I can't explain it, but I think it's the same as with a doll. It won't fill the hole in her heart.*
Male Student: "Huh? What are you doing?"
Angel: "Oh..."
*Hearing someone call out to me, I turn around and see that a classmate I talk to frequently has walked up to me.*
Male Student: "...You seem a bit down."
*He peers into my face, looking worried.*
*Behind his glasses, I can see my own face reflected in his large eyes.*
*...You wouldn't call it a cheerful face, even if you were trying to compliment me.*
Male Student: "Did something happen?"
*He's always kind to everyone, and our entire class loves him.*
*Oh, maybe...*
*I'll try to discuss my problem with him. Perhaps he'll be able to give me a solid answer.*
Angel: "Umm... A few days ago, she lost her family in an accident, right...?"
Male Student: "...Ah, yeah."
Angel: "And... when my doll broke, everyone gave me a new doll, so I..."
Angel: "I wanted to give her a doll as a present to cheer her up. But Mother said... that a doll wouldn't work..."
Male Student: "Hmm... That's true..."
Angel: "You think so, too? Mother said that a doll wouldn't fill the hole in her heart."
Male Student: "Yeah, it... definitely won't. It's her family after all..."
Angel: "After what she did for me, I was wondering if there was anything I could do for her, so..."
Male Student: "I see now... Hmm... This is hard..."
*With a serious expression on his face, he tilts his head, fervently trying to find a solution to my dilemma.*
*He's always like this. When someone asks him for help, he treats it as if it were his own problem.*
*That's why everyone loves him, myself included.*
Male Student: "...I think..."
*He raises his head after some time.*
Male Student: "At times like this, wouldn't she rather have someone by her side instead of being alone?"
Angel: "Someone...?"
Male Student: "Yeah. Instead of giving her a present... why not stay with her in order to support her, or at least make her feel less lonely?"
Angel: "Feel less lonely..."
*Something comes to mind when he says that.*
*Before Mother came for me... when I was all alone.*
*Ah, she must be feeling the same way I did back then...*
Angel: "That... makes sense. It's lonely being by yourself."
Male Student: "Right? That's why we should try to do what we can to cheer her up even a little bit."
Angel: "...Yeah. Okay, I got it!"
*Nodding, I stand up.*
Angel: "Thanks, ―-kun!"
Male Student: "I'm glad you're feeling better now!"
*He smiles, and I wave goodbye before running off.*
*That's right. What she needs isn't a doll.*
*She needs someone by her side.*
*―A human. One with a heart.*
*As I run alongside flowerbeds full of all sorts of flowers, the emotions welling up within me make my heart dance.*
Angel: (Yes―That's why someone like Rito won't do, either.)
*At a glance, she looks no different from a human. However, she doesn't have a heart. She's the same as a doll.*
Angel: (So if they had one...!)
Angel: (If I could make a heart―If I could make a soul, they wouldn't be dolls anymore...)
*Homunculi like Rito could be with her forever, for the years and decades to come.*
*And being a Magie who can manipulate souls, I'd be able to give them souls...!*
*I should use this power to help others, to make others happy.*
*That's what Mother told me.*
Angel: (Ahh... I finally understand...!)
*How I should be using my power.*
*How I can make others happy.*
Angel: "Look, Mother... I finally understand how I should use my power...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "―......!"
*When I come to my senses, I find myself in the middle of the dimly lit treasury.*
*I survey my surroundings, but all that I see are the numerous Mists that have been sealed.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko..."
*The girl I was holding in my arms moments ago is nowhere to be found.*
*That shouldn't have been a dream.*
*The feeling of her slender body and her warmth still faintly remain.*
*The familiar sensation that I've felt several times before. There's no way I was imagining things.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Where did she disappear to...?"
*I stand up and take another look around, only to confirm that I'm alone in here.*
Shizuka: "―...that light?"
Maya: "I don't know... It went..."
Tsubaki: "But... inside... so..."
*I can hear bits and pieces of the conversation the others are having outside.*
*That's right. I can't stay here in a daze forever.*
*Shaking off these melancholic feelings, I exit the treasury.*
Tsubaki: "Oh, Mii-kun, did you find anything?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko... was there, but she disappeared."
Shizuka: "Disappeared!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "She was sitting on the floor holding something like a music box..."
Shizuka: "A music box? Was it a Mist?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Probably. She was inside the treasury, so it's possible she found one that wasn't sealed..."
Tsubaki: "...A ball of light flew out of the treasury at an incredible speed just now."
Maya: "Yeah! It sped off right past us!"
Mitsuyoshi: "A ball of light?"
Tsubaki: "Did Shishigatani-san say anything to you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah, if I remember correctly..."
*I recite what she said earlier.*
*―"It's okay... Everything will be fine. I'll do my best... so... Koga-kun, you have to give it your all, too..."*
Tsubaki: "In that case, I don't think we have anything to worry about. I didn't feel anything bad from that light."
Shizuka: "So are you saying that that light was her?"
Tsubaki: "...I can't say for certain, but most likely."
Mitsuyoshi: "...I see."
*If Tsubaki-chan says so, then maybe it's okay to relax a little.*
*I can trust her intuition.*
*But―*
Mitsuyoshi: (Where did she fly off to? And what Mist was that...?)
*I have plenty of other things to worry about, not to mention I still haven't come to terms with how she vanished right before my eyes.*
Tsubaki: "Mii-kun, I know how you feel... but Shishigatani-san must've had something she had to do."
Tsubaki: "That's why she left here. She says that she'll be fine, so how about we believe in her?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... You're right."
Tsubaki: "For now, let's head back and discuss our next steps."
Shizuka: "All right. Though we can't depend on Shishigatani for the time being... Well, we can put our faith in her words."
*Hearing Murakumo of all people say that makes me burst out laughing.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks for trying to cheer me up."
Shizuka: "Shut up! That not why I said that!!"
Tsubaki: "Looks like you're back to normal now. Let's get going."
Maya: "Sure thing."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Oh right."
Shizuka: "What's up?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm making a quick stop at the Bureau office."
Shizuka: "What for?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I want to check if we left anything there and see if the missing Lazurit Bloodstone is back."
Shizuka: "Lazurit Bloodstone, huh... Now that you mention it, we never did figure out why it went missing."
Mitsuyoshi: "The quill pen Mist was still there, so if it was the school, it doesn't make sense that they'd only take the stone. There's probably some other reason."
Tsubaki: "All right, be careful then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Will do. I'll be right back."
Maya: "......"
*I turn from the others and walk towards the Bureau office.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...What was that about? She's been acting strangely at times...)
*I'm a bit curious and call out to her softly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Kurodani. You've been acting a bit strange lately. Is something wrong?"
Maya: "Huh? Strange...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Is there something on your mind? Or did you maybe notice something...?"
Maya: "No, no, no, no, nothing at all! And besides, it'd be weirder if I were acting normally under these circumstances, don't you think?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, maybe."
Maya: "See? If I seem strange, it's probably just because I'm on edge!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...If you say so. It's fine if that's all it is."
Maya: "It is. Sorry if I made you worry!"
*She casually waves her hands and runs to catch up with the others.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...The situation is definitely exceptional... Maybe I'm just overthinking it...)
*There's no use mulling over it any longer.*
*I have to get to the Bureau office.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*It goes without saying that the office is empty.*
*Mooko's usual seat, and the place where Omaru used to sit...*
Mitsuyoshi: (I just realized that of the original three members, I'm the only one remaining...)
*Omaru disappeared, and now Mooko is missing too.*
*Even though we spent so much time here together, not long ago.*
Kotaro: "...What did she mean by the Bureau for Something-or-Other?"
Ushio: "The Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs."
Kotaro: "S-Special affairs...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What's that?"
Ushio: "As its name implies, it is a squad that investigates and resolves special incidents that occur within the academy."
Mitsuyoshi: "Special..."
Kotaro: "...So like that mirror...?"
Ushio: "Yes."
Kotaro: "Wasn't that a bit too special!?"
Ushio: "I agree with your opinion, but it can't be helped."
*Things were awkward at first...*
Kotaro: "Sorry to keep you waiting."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, thanks, Omaru."
Kotaro: "Here. A sandwich for Ushio-san, a chili dog for Micchi, and a butter roll for Murakumo-senpai..."
Ushio: "Thank you."
Shizuka: "Thanks."
*But in spite of all that, things went smoothly.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I took it for granted and thought that things would stay that way forever...)
"What's wrong with you, Micchi? You're not acting like yourself at all!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Omaru...?"
*I hear a phrase that sounds like something Omaru would say.*
*Of course, he's not in this room.*
*I was just hearing things... or maybe I was imagining what he'd say if he were still around...*
*Am I looking for words of encouragement?*
Mitsuyoshi: (To be honest... I've built up a lot of fatigue...)
*Omaru, am I doing all that I can?*
"Obviously! You're always giving it 110%!"
"I said that everything would be fine, Koga-kun. Please believe in me."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Thanks."
*Oddly enough, hearing the two of them saying that in my head is enough to make me stand tall.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Yeah, Mooko said that she'd be fine. I have my own job to do.)
*This isn't the time to be feeling at a loss.*
*I'm ready to come to terms with it.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Leave it to me... I'm not letting the administration have its way any longer...)
*I sigh deeply and straighten out my feelings.*
*I first look for the Lazurit Bloodstone, but it's not in the Bureau office.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Someone must've taken it, but who, and when...?"
*I'm puzzled, but I have no means of investigating right now.*
*There doesn't seem to be anything else of value here, so I guess I'll head back to where the others are.*
Michiru: "Onii-chan?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, Michiru?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What's going on? I said I'd be back soon."
Shizuka: "She said she was worried about you."
Michiru: "Because..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Geez, what am I going to do with you...? Oh, are you able to walk by yourself?"
Michiru: "Y-Yeah, I'm feeling better now."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's good to hear."
*It's a good thing that she's slowly recovering.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, let's go figure out some countermeasures."
Shizuka: "...You're looking a bit better now too."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Shizuka: "Before, you looked like it was the end of the world."
Michiru: "...Now I'm curious since you said that."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*The look on my face must've been really bad if Murakumo's pointing it out.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, I'm fine now, so no need to worry about me, Shizuka-chan."
Shizuka: "Stop calling me that!! You can go back to being depressed for all I care."
Michiru: "Hehehe..."
Shizuka: "Hey, don't laugh."
Michiru: "Oh, s-sorry... Hehe."
*She hides behind me as she tries to hold back her giggles.*
Shizuka: "Tch... It's all your fault, you bastard."
Mitsuyoshi: "The feeling is mutual, Shizuka-chan. Let's get going."
Shizuka: "How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me that, you musclebrain!?"
Michiru: "Ahahahahaha!"
Shizuka: "It's not funny!"
Mitsuyoshi: "We'll be found if you don't lower your voice."
Shizuka: "And whose fault is that!?"
Michiru: "S-Sorry, I'll be quieter... Let's go?"
Shizuka: "...Good grief."
Mitsuyoshi: (See you, Omaru.)
*I close the door to the Bureau after bidding farewell to my partner, who's no longer here.*
*Returning to the storeroom in the library, I see the others sitting down on the floor and resting.*
*Since Michiru had recovered enough to be able to walk, she doesn't look very tired and is now sitting on the edge of a wooden box.*
Kasumi: "Welcome back!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, Sumi-chan, you're awake."
*It looks like the hypnosis on her is gone, too.*
Kasumi: "Yeah! Sorry for all the trouble I caused you!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't worry about it. It's not your fault."
Tsubaki: "Let's get a handle on our current situation."
*She continues talking after seeing that everyone has taken a seat.*
Tsubaki: "Adelheid-san, could you tell us what you know about those gears and the magic circle?"
Adelheid: "All right."
*Heidi begins talking after being prompted by Tsubaki-chan.*
Adelheid: "Those giant gears floating in the air have a projector attached to them, which is being used to display a magic circle in the sky. Does that make sense?"
*We all nod, and she continues her explanation.*
Adelheid: "It seems that there is some sort of problem with the projector, so the displayed magic circle has a weird shadow."
Adelheid: "Because of that, what was supposed to absorb the entire other realm all at once is instead doing so very slowly."
Adelheid: "At its current rate, I would estimate that we have about fourteen or fifteen hours before it finishes and the spell activates."
Kasumi: "So basically, we have to put a stop to it before then."
Adelheid: "Precisely. The question, of course, is how."
Shizuka: "Couldn't we do something about the projector itself? Do you think we can get on top of the gears with the Key of Janus?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm, I wonder..."
*I think back to what Rito told us about it before.*
Rito: "That is the Key of Janus. It enables the user to quickly travel to a place they have in mind by creating a passage."
Mitsuyoshi: "Based on what Rito said, it allows us to go to a place we have in mind, which means that we can't go there if we can't visualize it, right?"
Tsubaki: "On top of the gears, huh...? Yeah, I can't really get a clear picture of it."
Adelheid: "None of us have been up there to begin with, so I doubt we could get it to activate."
Kasumi: "Want to give it a shot anyway?"
*She produces the key as she says that.*
Kasumi: "Who had the clearest view of what it looked like on top of the gears?"
Shizuka: "Me or Koga, I guess... Oh, but he can't use the key."
Mitsuyoshi: "I have no mana, yeah. Not to mention that I wasn't staring intently at those gears, either."
Adelheid: "Same with me. I was more interested in the projector..."
Tsubaki: "I was hypnotized, and then after that..."
Kasumi: "Hmm, okay, I'll try then. I've been there so many times after all..."
*She turns the key in midair.*
*―But nothing happens.*
Kasumi: "Ahh, I guess it won't work. There's no response."
Tsubaki: "I'm guessing that visualizing the projector isn't going to work either, right? It's neither a place nor a person."
Adelheid: "Probably not. It doesn't meet the activation criteria... but it's worth trying anyway."
*Taking the key from Sumi-chan, Heidi similarly gives it a go, but to no avail.*
Adelheid: "It's not working. As we thought, the projector doesn't count as a location."
Shizuka: "Meaning that it'd be impossible for us to get up there using the key..."
*We all cross our arms and tilt our heads in thought.*
*As long as that magic circle is being projected into the sky, there's nothing we can do to it.*
*Our only way of dealing with it would be to either stop or destroy the projector itself...*
Tsubaki: "Umm, could you make more of that compound that was used to create the fireworks?"
Adelheid: "Sure, but... why?"
Tsubaki: "I was thinking we could use it to shift the projector a bit."
Shizuka: "Is it powerful enough to do that?"
Adelheid: "That would depend on the mana supplied to it. Hmm... Now that we have Tsubaki and Kasumi back, we have the mana to set off the fireworks, so it's not out of the question."
Kasumi: "Let's go with that then!"
Adelheid: "Yes, if we shifted the position of the projector, the image of the magic circle would become distorted, and it wouldn't operate properly. Give me a few minutes while I go fetch the ingredients."
Tsubaki: "No, let's all go together. It would be best for us to not split up."
Adelheid: "...Good point. Once I'm finished making the compound, we can head straight back to the gears."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sounds like a plan. Michiru, are you able to walk?"
Michiru: "Yeah, I'm fine."
*With that, we make our way to the east dorms where Heidi and Louis's room is.*
*Having the two Magie back means we can freely use the Key of Janus, which is a huge help.*
*After all, there could be Disciplinary Committee members patrolling.*
*We gently open the door to their room in order to not make any noise.*
Adelheid: "...They're gone!? My belongings are..."
*She lets out an astonished voice upon entering the room and runs over to the table.*
Kasumi: "What!? You can't find your belongings?"
Adelheid: "They're gone! Both mine and Louis's!"
Tsubaki: "Is it the work of the principal?"
Adelheid: "...It has to be. I bet Ulrick stole them so that I wouldn't be able to make any more magical compounds."
Shizuka: "Damn it, they were one step ahead of us..."
Michiru: "...What do we do?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's not safe here anymore. There are way too many Disciplinary Committee members in the area."
Kasumi: "Back to the basement then?"
Tsubaki: "Sorry for making you all waste your efforts."
Adelheid: "It's not your fault... When Ulrick's involved, it's...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "He's been hypnotized too, so..."
*In any case, Heidi losing the ingredients for her compounds has dealt us quite a hard blow...*
Adelheid: "We don't have much of the perception-blocking perfume left... I think we should do something about Ulrick first..."
Kasumi: "Let's head back for now and try to brainstorm some more."
*It wouldn't be good for us to stay here for too long, so we return to the library.*
*We spotted Disciplinary Committee members outside the storeroom several times, but they didn't notice us because the perfume is still in effect.*
*That said, it's going to wear off sooner or later.*
*All of us have strained looks on our faces as we try to come up with some sort of plan.*
*Even Michiru and Kurodani have their brows furrowed.*
Shizuka: "Hey, Kasumi, could you use your mana somehow to move the projector?"
Kasumi: "Hmm, it probably wouldn't be easy."
*She looks troubled by the request and stares up at the ceiling.*
Kasumi: "I was only able to control the Sumi-chan doll remotely because of my affinity with Hime-chan, who created it..."
Kasumi: "Even if my affinity with the creator was bad, I'd probably be able to animate it if I touched the object directly, but that brings us back to our original problem of getting up there."
Shizuka: "...I see."
Tsubaki: "Not being able to go up there makes things a lot harder, huh?"
Adelheid: "And I'm certain that there will be someone standing guard as well."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... Even if we could get close with the Key of Janus, having to slip past a guard would be..."
Maya: "Umm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah?"
*Kurodani, who had been silent up until now, suddenly raises her hand.*
Maya: "I still don't really get what's going on, but that magic circle will stop working if we have something that blocks the light from that projector thing, right?"
Adelheid: "...Yes, I'm positive that the magic circle is coming from the projector."
Adelheid: "I think that even just blocking out one critical part of it, such as the part that controls its activation, would be enough to stop it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Did you come up with some way to do that?"
Maya: "In that case, could we get that remote control doll of yours on top of the gears somehow...?"
Maya: "Then we can have the doll move to where the projector is and block off the light, right?"
Kasumi: "Ohh, I get it! We don't have to control the projector; just use the Sumi-chan doll to interfere with it!"
Shizuka: "That sounds like it'd work!"
Adelheid: "Hold on. First of all, how exactly do you plan on transporting the doll up there?"
Shizuka: "Kasumi, you can't make it fly with your powers?"
Kasumi: "Hmm... 10 meters, maybe, but that distance would be tough... The doll doesn't exactly look like something that would fly anyway..."
Kasumi: "Could... Mii-kun throw her up there?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, that's probably impossible, even for me."
Maya: "Well, actually... I have this."
*While we're discussing, she rummages through her bag and takes out a leaflet.*
Shizuka: "What's this? A water bottle rocket?"
Maya: "Yep! This thing's pretty amazing. If done right, it can fly up to 100 meters into the air!"
Tsubaki: "Wouldn't that be able to reach it?"
Adelheid: "It sounds like it would, but... what do we do about the materials? It says that we need a launchpad."
Maya: "Oh, I ordered a kit for one of these. It should've been delivered to the mailbox at the school entrance."
Mitsuyoshi: "You have one!?"
Maya: "I wouldn't have suggested it if I didn't!"
Shizuka: "What kind of stuff are you getting delivered to the school!?"
Maya: "Ahahahahahaha!"
*She laughs it off.*
*In any case, since we have the materials, Kurodani and I head for the entrance to retrieve them, with me acting as the bodyguard.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Geez, we even talked about not splitting up..."
Maya: "What could we have done? It'd be too conspicuous if that many people were headed for the entrance."
Mitsuyoshi: "I guess Ulrick does have a way of finding us even with the perfume in effect..."
Maya: "Let's quickly hide Louis-san first."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
*On my back is Louis, who's still asleep.*
*We decided that it would be better to hide him rather than drag him around with us, and we settled on the shower room in Tsubaki-chan's room.*
*As for why we picked her room...*
"All of the dolls she made are there, so I can possess one at any time to check up on things," insisted Sumi-chan.
*Heidi was convinced by that, and I was tasked with carrying Louis there.*
*Kurodani has the Key of Janus just in case, but she's not a Magie, so we're walking as much as possible to avoid using her mana.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, I'm going to go hide Louis, so grab the Sumi-chan doll."
*I head for the shower room.*
*We're also supposed to get the Sumi-chan doll we're going to use while we're here.*
Maya: "Umm, which one is it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh right, you've never seen it before. Umm... There it is. The one beside the pillow."
Maya: "This one? Okay, I'll hold onto it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks."
*I set Louis down on the floor and lean him against a wall before closing the shower room door.*
*If someone were to stick their head into Tsubaki-chan's room, they wouldn't be able to see him from the entrance, so this should be safe.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, let's go."
Maya: "Roger!"
*She carefully carries the Sumi-chan doll and follows after me.*
*Even though the perfume is still in effect, we try our best to be inconspicuous as we leave the dorm.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Not that it really matters, but why did you order a water bottle rocket kit? Are you interested in those kinds of things?"
Maya: "It wasn't for myself. When I went back home, one of my relative's kids asked for one."
Mitsuyoshi: "Why did you have it delivered to the school then?"
Maya: "I accidentally put down the wrong address."
Mitsuyoshi: "So it was just a mistake!?"
Maya: "Ahaha, I realized afterwards, which is why I came back here, but then all of this happened and it completely slipped my mind."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well... I can't really blame you for that."
Maya: "Yeah, I didn't expect things to get this out of hand."
Mitsuyoshi: "Nobody would've."
*I suppose this ended up being a blessing in disguise.*
*Kurodani only came up with this whole idea because she ordered that kit and accidentally had it delivered here.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I thought it was weird that she suddenly came back to the school, but it was because of that rocket kit, huh?)
*Things are starting to make more sense.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh wait, in that case, is it okay for us to be using it? What about the kid?"
Maya: "I can just order it again. This time, I'll make sure it gets sent to my house."
Mitsuyoshi: "If you say so."
Maya: "And besides, I still don't really understand, but stopping that thing is super important to you guys, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah."
*It sounds like she thought this through beforehand.*
*She did seem pretty deep in thought earlier...*
Mitsuyoshi: (I'm grateful... but...)
Maya: "...Hey, are you really that worried about Shishigatani-senpai...?"
*What was that all about?*
*Her weird behavior when I wanted to look for Mooko in the basement...*
*And after that, there were times when she was acting strangely.*
*Her excuse was that she was on edge, but...*
Mitsuyoshi: (That being said, she hasn't done anything to make us suspicious of her...)
*I don't sense any malice or ill will from her.*
*She didn't shrink when we shined the lamp on her, which means that she's not a homunculus.*
*We also had her step on the magic circle that removes hypnosis, so she shouldn't be hypnotized either.*
*I'm really more concerned about her mental well-being.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Although... if she's not saying any more than that, it probably means she doesn't want me to worry about it...)
*―I'll ignore it from now on.*
*After successfully retrieving the kit, the others also return with tools.*
Tsubaki: "We borrowed a bunch of things from the art room."
Shizuka: "This should be enough, right?"
Kasumi: "Yeah, we've got a box cutter, scissors, and double-sided tape."
Adelheid: "All we have to do is follow these drawings to build it?"
Maya: "Yep. How about we split up into teams? Half of us will build the main body, and the other half can put together the wings."
Michiru: "...This looks pretty hard."
Kasumi: "I call the wing team."
Shizuka: "I guess I'll start on the main body, then? First is cutting the bottom of the bottle."
*We start excitedly building the water bottle rocket while looking at the instructions.*
*To an outsider, this would never look like a desperate effort to save the school from danger...*
Adelheid: "...Tsubaki, do you have a minute?"
Tsubaki: "Hmm? What is it?"
*Heidi discreetly calls out to Tsubaki-chan while the others are engrossed in their work.*
*Their conversation reaches my ears whether I like it or not as I help with the construction of the rocket.*
*...Well, I'm not actually that skilled with my hands, so I ended up being the one reading the instructions aloud.*
Adelheid: "While Maya's idea is great, I think that we should come up with some sort of backup plan, just in case."
Tsubaki: "Agreed. Can you think of any other ways of taking out that projector?"
Adelheid: "I'm not talking about the projector. I mean Louis."
Adelheid: "If we can get rid of the hypnosis on Ulrick and have him wake Louis up, we'll have access to more options."
Tsubaki: "But how would we do that...?"
Adelheid: "I wanted to get your help with that. I was thinking that..."
Tsubaki: "...I see. But wouldn't..."
Adelheid: "No, you're... That's why I want you to..."
Tsubaki: "...Hmm, which means that we'll need to look into the details of how to do it."
Adelheid: "Yes, the library should..."
*Their voices gradually grew softer and I couldn't catch the rest.*
Shizuka: "Hey, Koga, what's next?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Oh, the engine tank's attached? Next is the polyethylene top."
Shizuka: "This thing? It goes on the opposite side, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Where's the tape?"
Michiru: "Here."
Adelheid: "Sorry, there's something we'd like to research in the library. Do you mind if we step away for a little while?"
Kasumi: "Sure, we have enough people here."
Adelheid: "Thank you. Let's go then."
Tsubaki: "We'll be back soon."
*The two of them leave the storeroom.*
Shizuka: "Okay, it's done. Kasumi, how are the wings coming along?"
Kasumi: "They're done too!"
Maya: "So is the skirt that attaches them!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Looks like we'll be finished once we put it all together then."
Kasumi: "That was easier than I expected."
*The two girls return just as we're on the verge of completing the rocket.*
Tsubaki: "Wow, you guys made great progress, huh?"
Kasumi: "Welcome back. Did you find what you were looking for?"
Adelheid: "Yes, we got everything we needed."
Mitsuyoshi: "What were you researching?"
Adelheid: "...I'm going to go take down Ulrick."
Shizuka: "What!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, are you serious?"
Adelheid: "I'm going to set up a diversion to reduce the number of Disciplinary Committee members, and then dispel the hypnosis on him."
Mitsuyoshi: "You say that like it's so simple..."
Adelheid: "That's why we had to go do some research. Either way, the effects of the perfume are going to wear off any time now."
Kasumi: "So it appears. Are we going to be all right?"
Adelheid: "Yes. If we continue to hide like this, we'll eventually be found with the Key of Janus, which is why someone needs to create a diversion."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure, but can you do that by yourself?"
Adelheid: "It's a method that only one person can use, and... I would probably have the greatest chance of success."
*Heidi and Tsubaki-chan look at each other and nod.*
*It seems that they already have a plan in mind.*
*I have them take me somewhere close to the east dorm using the Key of Janus.*
Adelheid: "Thank you. I'll be making a scene around here."
Tsubaki: "Be careful."
Adelheid: "I will, and the same goes for you."
*There are a handful of Disciplinary Committee members patrolling outside the east dorm.*
*...Louis is inside Tsubaki's room in the east dorm.*
*If I caused a scene here, they would never think that he would be this close by.*
Adelheid: "What are you doing? I'm right here, you know."
*I purposely say that loudly, startling the Disciplinary Committee members who all turn to look at me.*
"Wha... When did you...!?"
"Capture her!!"
*I spray a perfume in their faces as they rush towards me.*
*It goes without saying that it causes those who inhale it to faint.*
"Ugh..."
"Quickly! Call for backup!"
Adelheid: "Just what I wanted. Keep bringing more and more people here."
*That'll reduce the number of people they have patrolling the school.*
*It's actually a good thing for me.*
*Suddenly, I sense something menacing from behind and dodge to one side.*
"What!?"
*A Disciplinary Committee member was apparently trying to grab me, but instead her arms pass through thin air.*
*I turn my upper body and spray the perfume in her face.*
"Hey, behave yourself!"
Adelheid: "I'm sorry, but I'll have to respectfully decline."
*Realizing that they can't easily approach me, they form a circle around me as some of their reinforcements arrive.*
*Slowly, I'm trapped inside an ironclad ring.*
*I've had to fight against the Disciplinary Committee before, but they were never this organized.*
*It just goes to show how serious they are about this. However...*
Adelheid: "...Even if you do that, it's pointless."
*I start walking towards one of them, unconcerned.*
"Huh!? Don't underestimate us...!!"
*Offended by my actions, she leaps at me―only for me to dodge and knock her out with perfume.*
"Hey, what's going on...?"
"Sh-She's predicting our movements...!?"
*Exactly. Right now, if I focus a little, I know exactly how they're going to move.*
*―The soul of the Disciplinary Committee member on my left flickers.*
*The moment I notice that, I direct the perfume bottle his way.*
"―!!"
*He receives a direct hit and collapses to the ground, despite having only moved a single step forward.*
"Impossible...!!"
Adelheid: "Would you like to confirm for yourself whether it really is?"
"......!!"
*He falters and steps back.*
*But behind him―*
Ulrick: "―Don't get ahead of yourself."
Adelheid: "Oh my, you finally appeared."
*He looks somewhat annoyed as he walks towards me, his open coat fluttering.*
*He must've heard from someone on the Disciplinary Committee. Of course, this is what I wanted to happen.*
Ulrick: "Let me ask this first: where is Ludwig?"
Adelheid: "Do you really think I would tell you that?"
Ulrick: "I'll have to force it out of you then."
*He takes out something box-shaped from his coat.*
Adelheid: (What is that...?)
*It's something I've never seen before, but since he did say that he'd "force it out of me"...*
Adelheid: (A Mist...? Considering the situation, it's probably quite dangerous for me.)
*I have no time to waste.*
*I immediately dash towards him and spray him with perfume.*
Ulrick: "Hmph..."
*He seemingly predicts that and steps to the side to dodge it.*
*But with my current abilities, I'm fully aware of where he was planning on moving to.*
Adelheid: "There!"
*I spray another shot at his new location.*
Ulrick: "What!?"
*Caught by surprise, he jumps backwards like a feral cat while covering his face with his arms.*
*I wasn't expecting anything less from him, given his physical strength.*
*He wasn't hit by the perfume, but...*
*As he raised his guard, he dropped the Mist he was holding.*
*An unhurt Disciplinary Committee member rushes to retrieve it―*
Adelheid: "Don't get in my way."
"Hwah!?"
*Having foreseen that that would happen, I instantly render him unconscious with the perfume.*
Adelheid: (Three Disciplinary Committee members left... Should I go pick up the Mist?)
*But that would give them an opening.*
*Small fry aside, Ulrick definitely wouldn't let it pass by.*
*I'm curious as to what it is, but I decide that this isn't the time to pick up that box.*
Ulrick: "...I'm amazed. What trick are you using?"
*He remains on guard and keeps a close watch on my every action.*
*He wasn't expecting me to be moving in a manner completely different from how I usually am.*
Adelheid: "Would I really show myself before you without some sort of plan in mind?"
*As I say that, I slowly point the perfume bottle to my right.*
*The Disciplinary Committee member standing there panics and takes half a step backwards.*
Adelheid: (I can sense them... The movements of their souls. I can tell exactly where they're going to attack from...)
*I already knew of it, but actually experiencing the power of a Magie is more than I ever could've imagined.*
Adelheid: (Just as I expected from you, Tsubaki...)
Adelheid: "I wanted to get your help with that."
Adelheid: "I was thinking that I could create a channel between us, allowing me to borrow your powers, like what Kasumi did with Neko the other time."
Tsubaki: "...I see. But wouldn't it be faster if I just took on Ulrick-san directly?"
Adelheid: "No, you're a Magie and an important asset to the team. That's why I want you to remain with the others and be there when it comes down to it."
Tsubaki: "...Hmm, which means that we'll need to look into the details of how to do it."
*Luckily, it took no time at all for us to figure it out.*
*As a result, I'm able to use Tsubaki's powers as a Magie to foresee all of their movements...*
Ulrick: "I don't know how you're doing it, but it's clear that you're able to predict my every move."
Adelheid: "......"
*I silently smile. He takes that as an affirmation to his hypothesis and waves his hand, signalling the Disciplinary Committee members to stand back.*
*He then proceeds to calmly remove his glasses.*
Adelheid: (......!)
*They're actually just for show.*
*He uses them as goggles, and he's removing them even though I'm using perfume...*
*He only does that when he wants to get rid of even the tiniest of blind spots.*
*In other words, when he's determined that his foe is a powerful one.*
*Meaning that he sees me as a formidable opponent.*
*Though it's all thanks to Tsubaki's powers.*
Ulrick: "You kids stay out of my way."
"O-Okay...!"
*The Disciplinary Committee members step back after realizing that this isn't something they can handle by themselves.*
*A wise decision.*
*In any other situation, they would be the reliable allies of the students of this school, but...*
Ulrick: "I'm hoping that you know this already, Adelheid."
*He looks me straight in the eye, presumably because he's about to say something of grave importance.*
Ulrick: "With Ludwig down, I'm the acting head of the family."
Ulrick: "To oppose me in spite of that... Can I take it as an act of rebellion against the Weinberger family as a whole then?"
*The look in his eyes and his entire body are saying that he won't show any mercy if that is the case.*
*However, strangely enough, my heart is at ease. I feel neither panicked nor restless.*
Adelheid: "If Louis had said that he would entrust you with that responsibility, then I would have obeyed."
Adelheid: "But that is not the case. You forcefully put him to sleep. To me, Louis is still the head, not you."
Ulrick: "......"
Adelheid: "As such, I hold his wishes in higher regard than yours."
Adelheid: "You asked before why Louis is so obsessed with this school."
Adelheid: "I'll admit that we are merely a third party here, but our pride and humanity as magicians, as well as respect for our friends, drive us to do this!"
Ulrick: "Respect? I never would've expected to hear that coming from someone as haughty as you. If the situation were different, this might've been a more joyous moment..."
Adelheid: "Indeed. This situation..."
*He's still oblivious to the true state of affairs.*
*As long as he's still hypnotized...*
Adelheid: "―!!"
*I suddenly feel his soul flickering and spray the perfume towards him as I jump backwards.*
Ulrick: "Hmph, I knew it wouldn't work."
*He darted at me in an attempt to close the distance between us, but he ducks in order to dodge the perfume.*
*He then disperses it by waving his hands.*
Ulrick: "It doesn't seem like your physical capability has increased."
Adelheid: (...He's already seen through it? His skills really are top-notch...)
*It's true that this power of perception belongs to a Magie, while my body itself hasn't changed.*
Adelheid: (I have to put an end to this quickly, or my stamina won't last...)
*Deciding that being on the defensive the entire time won't work, I move forward, but Ulrick reacts swiftly and maintains his distance.*
*He's taking into account that I can "read his mind" and moves to a safe location.*
Adelheid: "...!!"
Ulrick: "What, are you just going to keep running?"
*He counters and tries to catch me, but I'm able to predict that ahead of time and use all of my strength to dodge.*
Adelheid: (I can avoid his attacks... but if my attacks don't hit...)
*Even being able to read his movements ahead of time isn't enough to make up for his speed.*
*I knew that this difference in ability would pose a problem, but if I don't do something about it...*
Adelheid: (Hold on. If I remember correctly, Louis and I talked about this before...)
*This was before we came to Japan.*
*Back at the mansion in Germany―*
Adelheid: "Have you ever beaten him, Louis?"
Louis: "We've never had a serious match before to begin with... but if I wanted to win, I'd enrage him."
Adelheid: "Enrage? You mean make him angry?"
Louis: "He's the kind of person who tends to make rash decisions when he gets emotional, and that's when he'll start to have openings."
Adelheid: "I'm not so sure about saying something rude in order to anger him..."
Louis: "Do you think you can afford to play fair against an opponent like him? How naive are you? Are there dandelions growing in your head where your brain should be?"
Adelheid: "Wha...!"
Louis: "Hmm, that was a bit rude. To the dandelions, I mean. They seem to be more capable of intelligent thought than you."
Adelheid: (...I remembered more than I needed to... But anyway, it's worth a shot!)
*I firmly clutch the perfume bottle in my hand.*
*I can't win unless I do this. It's exactly as Louis said. I have no choice.*
Adelheid: "A-Are you trying to usurp the position of head of the family!?"
*There's no way that would ever be true.*
*He feels indebted to the Weinberger family and he's a diligent person.*
*He also knows just how important of a person Louis is to the main family.*
*I'm fully aware of that, but―*
Adelheid: "For the spare to replace the real head? How impudent!"
Ulrick: "...What did you say?"
*He looks offended as his eyebrows jump up.*
Ulrick: "Are you mocking me!?"
Adelheid: (It's working...!)
Adelheid: "......!!"
*The roundhouse kick I dodge at the very last second passes right before my eyes.*
*Perhaps due to my provocation, Ulrick starts throwing more punches and kicks and quickly closes in on me.*
*However, as I am right now, none of them can hit me.*
Adelheid: (He still has no openings... A little more... I have to rile him up more...!)
*If I can just spray the perfume at him point-blank...*
Adelheid: "You were never picked to lead the family...! Don't get full of yourself!! In the end, you're nothing more than Louis's substitute!"
Ulrick: "Adelheid...!"
Adelheid: "You saw this as a chance! You never intended on protecting Louis to begin with!"
Ulrick: "...You're right."
Adelheid: "...Huh?"
*For a moment, Ulrick's soul flickers strangely... or at least I think it did.*
*But the words he's saying now grab all of my attention.*
Ulrick: "In order for the spare to take over, the real one first has to disappear."
Adelheid: "Wha?"
Ulrick: "I was waiting for this moment! I, Ludwig's older brother, will kill him and take the spot as head!"
Adelheid: "Are you serious...!?"
*My mind goes blank.*
*Kill Louis? What is he saying...?*
Adelheid: "I'll never let you do that!!"
*With the perfume poised at the ready, I run towards Ulrick.*
*The situation's completely changed. There's no time to be arguing. I have to stop him no matter what it takes!*
*At that moment, I sense an attack, but―*
Adelheid: "Agh...!?"
*I feel a dull impact in my stomach.*
*In front of me I see Ulrick with a calm expression on his face.*
*I'd reacted fractions of a second too late, and his kick landed squarely on its target.*
Adelheid: "Urgh..."
*I collapse onto the ground, unable to do anything but groan.*
*I can't put any strength into my body...*
Adelheid: (That strange wavering of his soul... Could it have been...)
*He calmly picks up the box that he dropped earlier.*
Ulrick: "By the way, my previous remarks were nothing more than sophistry."
Adelheid: "......"
*I knew it... That flickering was a sign that he was lying.*
Ulrick: "I have no intention of killing Ludwig or usurping his position, so relax."
Adelheid: "Ah..."
*I see now. I was the one who got riled up instead.*
*He realized what I was up to from the start.*
Adelheid: (How frustrating... He led me by the nose...)
*My body trembles in humiliation. Even though I went so far as to borrow her power...*
Ulrick: "For better or for worse, you get much too caught up in your emotions."
*He opens the box in his hand as he looks down at me.*
*A small feather comes fluttering down and pricks my head.*
Adelheid: (What... is this...?)
Ulrick: "Where is Ludwig?"
Adelheid: "East dorm... The shower room... in Tsubaki's room."
*Ignoring my own wishes, my mouth moves to answer him on its own accord.*
*So that's what that Mist does. But it's too late.*
Ulrick: "I see. ―Sorry, but I'm leaving her with you. I doubt she'll be able to move for a while, so lock her up somewhere."
"Yes, sir!"
Ulrick: "Also, could you contact the Disciplinary Committee members patrolling the dormitories and have them search the room that was mentioned? I'll be heading there right now."
*He barks out orders to the Disciplinary Committee members before running off.*
Adelheid: (Louis...! I'm sorry. Please be safe...)
*We continue to work on the water bottle rocket after Heidi leaves.*
Shizuka: "The main body's almost done. After this is the launchpad, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "All we have to do is follow these pictures. It shouldn't take long."
Maya: "U-Umm... I just thought of something."
Mitsuyoshi: "What is it?"
Maya: "In the event that Adelheid-san loses, isn't the butler in danger? Like if that guy uses a perfume to force her to reveal his location."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh..."
Shizuka: "I don't know about a perfume, but there's that Mist. This could be bad."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
Maya: "In that case, even if it's a bit of a hassle, wouldn't it be better for us to move the butler to somewhere Adelheid-san doesn't know about?"
*There's a perfume that makes someone unable to speak the truth, so it wouldn't be surprising for there to be one that forces someone to speak nothing but the truth.*
*A Mist exists for that purpose anyway.*
Maya: "What about moving him to Murakumo-san's room for now?"
Kasumi: "Sure! If Hime-chan lets us borrow one of her dolls, we can leave that with him and I can check on them at any time."
Tsubaki: "That's perfectly fine with me."
Kasumi: "Okay, let's get this over with in a jiffy."
*She uses the Key of Janus to open up a door directly to the shower room in Tsubaki-chan's room.*
Kasumi: "Right this way."
Tsubaki: "I'll go grab a doll."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks."
*I hoist the sleeping Louis onto my back and bring him back through the door.*
Tsubaki: "Sorry to keep you waiting. Will this one work, Sumi-chan?"
*She comes back with a calico cat plushie in her hand.*
Kasumi: "Yep. Your dolls are always so cute!"
Tsubaki: "Thanks. I'm going to put it on Louis-san, so take care of both of them."
Mitsuyoshi: "Got it."
Kasumi: "Okay, now to my room."
Maya: "...The coast is clear."
Maya: "Murakumo-san, do you mind if I borrow your bed?"
Kasumi: "Sure thing. I'd feel sorry for Louis-san if we left him on the floor."
Maya: "Thank you. Koga, give me a second."
*She hurries into Sumi-chan's room and quickly straightens out the bed.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Ah, it wouldn't be good for me to be staring at a girl's bed, huh?)
*I look away as I wait for her to finish. She's being surprisingly meticulous about it.*
*I thought that she'd actually hate doing this kind of thing, but I guess not.*
Maya: "Okay, I'm done."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right."
*Kurodani is standing by with the blanket, so I promptly lay Louis and the stuffed animal down onto the bed.*
Maya: "...That takes care of that."
*She places the blanket and smooths it out.*
*Her actions remind me of Mooko for some reason, and I hastily shake my head.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Argh... What am I, an idiot...?)
*Calm down, Mitsuyoshi. Mooko isn't here.*
*Just because Kurodani did something similar to what Mooko would do doesn't mean that I should be looking at them in the same light.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Don't tell me that I'm growing mentally unstable because Mooko's not around...)
*No, I need to reorient myself already.*
*I can't stay this way forever.*
Maya: "What's wrong, Koga? Let's get going."
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Michiru: "Welcome back. The rocket's finished."
Shizuka: "Same with the launchpad."
Maya: "Yay! It looks great!"
Michiru: "...It's cool."
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru, you like this sort of stuff?"
Michiru: "Umm... A-A bit."
*Come to think of it, she clung to me a lot when we were younger, so she ended up playing mostly with toys aimed at boys.*
*That would explain her interest in this.*
Kasumi: "...I wonder if something happened to Heidi-chan. She's not back..."
Shizuka: "Is she still causing a scene outside the east dorm?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Even so, it's been a while."
Kasumi: "Can you tell, Hime-chan?"
Tsubaki: "I can't. All of my powers are being siphoned to her right now."
Kasumi: "Oh, is that so?"
Shizuka: "Should we go check up on her?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...No, if she's duking it out with Ulrick, we won't be able to do anything anyway."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, we might even get in her way."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm worried, but we should leave it to her and get this thing up in the air as soon as possible."
Shizuka: "...Yeah, if we can take care of that magic circle, then victory is ours."
Kasumi: "Okay, let's get to it then!"
Maya: "Okay!"
Tsubaki: "This too, right?"
Maya: "Oh, yeah. That's the air pump."
Michiru: "...I-I'm coming, too."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, don't force yourself."
Michiru: "I'm not!"
*Really, now? Granted, she's not teetering anymore, but...*
Mitsuyoshi: (We might run into Momo-senpai... Having Michiru around would be reassuring...)
Tsubaki: "Are you sure you're feeling well enough?"
Michiru: "I-I'm perfectly fine."
Kasumi: "Maybe we should bring her along then... This could be our final chance to stop the magic circle."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*It's just as Sumi-chan says.*
*This could very well be our last chance, and we'd be wallowing in regret if we failed only because we kept Michiru back as a trump card.*
Shizuka: "This sounds familiar. It's like you keep saving up this super amazing potion in a game only to clear it without ever using it."
Kasumi: "Yeah, that! The mega... something syndrome!"
Tsubaki: "Huh, it's an actual disease?"
Maya: "Mibu-senpai, I don't think you should be taking it at face value."
Tsubaki: "Oh, really?"
Kasumi: "Y-Yeah! Hey, Mii-kun, I don't think you should treat Michiru-chan like a Megali... I mean, like something that's too awesome to use!"
Shizuka: "You totally know what it's called..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah, you're right."
Mitsuyoshi: (...I already made up my mind.)
*That no matter what happens and no matter the cost, I'd always protect Michiru.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, you can come."
Michiru: "Yay!"
*Just in case Heidi comes back, we leave a note saying where we moved Louis to and that we've headed to the other world.*
Tsubaki: "...That should do it. We're all set."
Kasumi: "I'm opening the door then. Oh, but if there's a guard keeping watch on the magic circle, it'd be bad if a door suddenly showed up there, wouldn't it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, how about the landing right before it?"
Kasumi: "Got it!"
*She takes out the Key of Janus and opens a door in midair.*
Kasumi: "Hm? It feels strange."
Kasumi: "Huh? It leads to the bottom of the stairs."
Shizuka: "Did they make it so that we can't access it directly?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe..."
Tsubaki: "Looks like we don't have a choice but to climb up the stairs... Who knows what's waiting for us, so be careful."
*We proceed up the spiral staircase, carrying the launchpad and the water bottle rocket separately.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Geh!"
*Taking the lead, I spot a gigantic figure I recognize and stop in my tracks.*
Shizuka: "Wh-What is that...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why is it back...?"
*It's the monster that Furoya and I encountered when we wandered here.*
*The one that spits out fake flames, an unpleasant being that only serves to trigger my trauma.*
Tsubaki: "That wasn't there before..."
Kasumi: "I didn't see any of my friends around. Were they called back?"
Shizuka: "Yeah, and this watchdog might explain why we ended up at the bottom of the staircase instead of the top."
Mitsuyoshi: "Now that I think about it, the hound of Hades would spew flames, too..."
Shizuka: "You're saying this one does the same thing!?"
Kasumi: "It'll be fine! The flames are fake, and if you do get hit, you just get sent to the bottom of the stairs!"
*I was about to mention that I'd encountered it before, but Sumi-chan gets the jump on me.*
Kasumi: "And there should be an emergency stop button somewhere... Oh, it should be this."
*She presses the button that Furoya and I pushed before, but the monster remains in place.*
Kasumi: "...Huh? It's not working."
Tsubaki: "Maybe they disabled it."
Kasumi: "Looks like it."
Shizuka: "The flames are fake though, right?"
Kasumi: "Yeah, they should be."
Shizuka: "Couldn't we just force our way through then? Hey, hold onto the launchpad for me."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay."
*I take the launchpad from him, and Murakumo runs up the stairs towards the beast.*
Shizuka: "Oww!!!"
*...He then hurries back down.*
Shizuka: "They're real, Kasumi!!"
Kasumi: "What!? They didn't use to be though!"
Tsubaki: "Whoa, he's right. I can see some burn marks on his uniform."
Maya: "...It's not in testing mode anymore, huh?"
Shizuka: "What do we do about it...?"
Kasumi: "...Beats me."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I'm trying to tell myself to calm down, but my body won't listen.*
Kasumi: "...Does anyone have a fire extinguisher?"
Shizuka: "As if that'd do anything. We have to take out the thing that's creating the fire in the first place."
Tsubaki: "Hmm, what can we do about it...?"
*I can hear the discussion, but I'm unable to contribute at all.*
*There's something clogging up my throat and my hands are trembling.*
Mitsuyoshi: (This isn't the time for this, Mitsuyoshi. Get a grip on yourself... These flames... aren't the ones from back then...)
*I'm fully aware of that.*
*These aren't the flames that burned everything down back then.*
*Even so, ever since the beast started breathing out real flames, my body has been frozen.*
*―...-chan... Onii-chan...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Michiru... Run away...)
*The fire is growing larger.*
*Red flames are licking the ceiling and black smoke surrounds me on all sides.*
*My parents are... No, I don't even know where they are anymore.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Michiru, where are you!? Say something!!)
*At the very least, I want her to be safe. I frantically search for her.*
*―Run away... Onii-chan...*
*When I finally find her, she's in a daze, standing in the middle of a sea of flames.*
*Oddly enough, that is the one spot that isn't burnt.*
Mitsuyoshi: (You idiot! You're the one who should be running away!!)
*―...Even if you're the only one who makes it, Onii-chan...*
Mitsuyoshi: (No... Damn it, Michiru... Get out of here...!)
*I want to get closer to her and drag her out, but the fire is too strong and I can't move the way I want to.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Michiru... Run...)
*I do my best to fan away the smoke, straining my stinging eyes to try and find Michiru again.*
Girl: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: (Huh... Who are...)
*It's not Michiru.*
*On the other side of a toppled and smouldering pillar is a girl I've never seen before.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Why is there someone...)
*As I'm taken aback, I hear an unpleasant sound coming from above.*
*―Onii-cha...n...*
*―No... Onii-chan...*
*―Don't die... No...!*
Michiru: "Onii-chan..."
*I'm suddenly brought back to my senses and I see Michiru looking up at me.*
Michiru: "Onii-chan?"
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh, I'm fine."
*I was able to snap out of it thanks to her.*
*I'm soaked in cold sweat, but at the very least I think I can move again.*
Tsubaki: "―That monster won't chase us down these stairs."
Kasumi: "Yeah, because its duty is to protect this floor."
Tsubaki: "In that case, how about one of us distracts it while the rest of us run past it up the other flight of stairs?"
Shizuka: "I guess that's our only choice."
Tsubaki: "Normally, that would be a job for me... but unfortunately, my powers are being siphoned away so I can't make use of them right now."
Kasumi: "I can't have you do something so dangerous! And everyone else..."
Shizuka: "What's that sound?"
*We hear the sound of something banging on the stairs approaching us from below.*
*Suspicious, we stop our conversation and turn in that direction to see...*
Kasumi: "Heidi-chan!?"
Adelheid: "O-Oh, thank goodness! You're all here... Could you please help me!?"
*Heidi comes up the stairs carrying several fire extinguishers.*
*I hurry to take them from her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you okay!? What are you doing here?"
Adelheid: "Hah, hah... You left me a note, didn't you...?"
*She answers while trying to catch her breath. She's also drenched in sweat.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, so that's why. What happened with Ulrick?"
Adelheid: "...S-Sorry, I didn't manage to beat him... I was actually captured earlier."
Tsubaki: "What!? They didn't do anything to you, did they!?"
Adelheid: "Nothing major at least. Sorry, I even borrowed your powers."
Tsubaki: "That doesn't matter. We're just glad to have you back safe."
Shizuka: "Yeah, I'm amazed you managed to escape."
Adelheid: "Ulrick left soon afterwards, and with just the Disciplinary Committee members, I was able to find an opening to get away."
Adelheid: "Your powers are really incredible, Tsubaki. If only I could've made better use of them..."
Adelheid: "Umm, I was forced to tell Ulrick where Louis was because of a Mist. You mentioned in your note that he was moved, so is he okay?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, there's no need to worry. He's sleeping in Sumi-chan's room right now."
Adelheid: "I see, thank you. That does take a load off my mind."
Shizuka: "There's nobody staying with him though."
Adelheid: "We can't do much about that."
Tsubaki: "You sure? If you'd like, you can go back and keep watch."
Adelheid: "...No, it's fine."
Mitsuyoshi: "Really?"
Adelheid: "Yes. I'll stick with you. Since I couldn't stop Ulrick, everything hinges on Maya's plan."
*Her resolve is firm, and she says that without a hint of hesitation.*
*We take her up on her offer and have her join the party.*
Kasumi: "...So why do you have these fire extinguishers?"
Adelheid: "It was because Tsubaki never cut off the link... so her emotions flowed through to me. I felt that you needed something to put out a fire."
Tsubaki: "So that's it! It was a good thing that I kept it connected then."
Kasumi: "Everything worked out in the end!"
Adelheid: "Hearing that makes me feel better. Thank you, Tsubaki."
*She touches Tsubaki-chan's hand when she says that.*
Tsubaki: "You're welcome. I'm glad I was able to help... Wow, that's amazing."
Adelheid: "Indeed, it's very fantastical. This is your power."
Kasumi: "Huh? What do you mean?"
Tsubaki: "Oh, right, you guys can't see it, huh? When I severed the link, it looked really pretty."
Kasumi: "Huh, really? There wasn't anything like that when I did the same with Furoyamachi-san. Maybe it's because it was suddenly cut off."
*It seems that Tsubaki-chan has her powers back now.*
Shizuka: "Anyway, for now, could we use these to create a smokescreen around the monster?"
Adelheid: "Monster?"
Kasumi: "That. It spits out flames."
Adelheid: "...I don't think fire extinguishers would be able to take care of that..."
Tsubaki: "We can use them to blind it. If we spray them everywhere, we might be able to sneak past."
Shizuka: "Leave that to us men. The girls can carry the rocket parts."
Kasumi: "Okay. Now that Hime-chan has her powers back, she can figure out a safe route and guide us through."
Tsubaki: "That's true... I'll leave it to you two then, Murakumo and Mii-kun. Will you be all right?"
Michiru: "U-Umm... Onii-chan's... not good with fire..."
Tsubaki: "Oh yeah, in that case..."
Mitsuyoshi: "No..."
*Even with my fears, Murakumo and I are still the best suited for the task.*
*And besides―*
Kotaro: "Nobody would be happy... to be revived at the cost of someone else's life! That's just wrong!"
Kotaro: "That's no good... Didn't I say that we had to prevent that?"
Kotaro: "If I remained, then someone else would've died in my place..."
*Even though it meant that he had to disappear, he still went through with it.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Why can't I do something like that...?)
*As traumatic as that incident was for me, I should still take this on.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...I'll be fine. Let me do it."
Tsubaki: "Are you sure about that, Mii-kun?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
Tsubaki: "...All right then."
*She hands me a fire extinguisher.*
Michiru: "Onii-chan!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Leave it to me. I'll be okay."
Michiru: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Now get going."
*I push her back towards the others.*
Michiru: "B-Be careful... okay?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Look after Michiru for me."
Tsubaki: "Will do. I'll be sure to lead everyone to safety."
*With much reluctance, Michiru follows after Tsubaki-chan.*
Shizuka: "Don't let your guard down."
Mitsuyoshi: "Right back at you."
*With fire extinguishers in hand, Murakumo and I slowly inch up closer to the monster.*
*It seems to have noticed us and roars menacingly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―Run, everyone!!"
*Fwoosh. White smoke sprays forcefully from the nozzle, creating a blizzard before my eyes.*
*The beast's thunderous roar echoes throughout.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!!"
*I see traces of red in between the white smoke.*
*My heart races the instant I recognize it as fire.*
Shizuka: "Fuck, there's less in these things than I thought!"
*He picks up a second fire extinguisher and immediately starts spraying it while cursing.*
*Before long, I have to throw away an empty one as well.*
Tsubaki: "―This way! Try to stay low..."
*I can hear Tsubaki-chan's voice from a distance.*
Kasumi: "...We made it! Shii-chan, Mii-kun, hurry up!!"
Shizuka: "All right! Can you make it, Koga?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah..."
*Although I manage to respond, my body is shaking horribly.*
*It's because of the flames that constantly flash across my field of view.*
*My heart palpitates and my hands shake whenever I feel the heat near me.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Damn it... I need to calm down...!)
Shizuka: "Tch... Koga! You head over first!!"
*He shouts that at me and throws the now-empty fire extinguisher at the monster.*
*With an irritated growl, it looks in Murakumo's direction.*
Shizuka: "Run!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Don't do anything crazy...!!"
*He starts sprinting and I frantically move my legs to make it up the stairs.*
Shizuka: "Whoa!?"
*―However, out of the corner of my eye, I see Murakumo's figure suddenly vanish.*
*I stop in my tracks and see that he's tripped over the hose of a fire extinguisher.*
*Seeing its prey down on his knees, the monster opens its mouth and begins to spew flames―*
*The scene plays out slowly, like I'm watching individual frames of a stop-motion film.*
*I can very clearly see the look of despair on Murakumo's face. There's no way I can make it over to him in time.*
*At this rate―*
Mitsuyoshi: "―Michiru!!"
*I impulsively call out Michiru's name.*
*Suddenly, everything is still.*
*Time has stopped... No, it's just slowed down a lot.*
*Bright red flames flicker before Murakumo.*
Mitsuyoshi: (While Michiru's power is still in effect...!)
*The flames continue to approach him.*
*Even so, I'm the only one who can save him right now.*
*My body moves naturally.*
*I make a beeline for those flames that I was so scared of and throw the fire extinguisher lying on the ground at the monster's mouth.*
*I then pick up Murakumo and run towards the stairs as fast as my legs can take me.*
Shizuka: "Uu... Huh!? Wh-What happened!?"
*A blaze erupts behind us, and at the same time, Murakumo lets out a surprised voice.*
*Escaping by the skin of our teeth, we leave the monster's floor before Michiru's power wears off...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hah... hah..."
*After running up the stairs and setting Murakumo down, I start sweating profusely.*
*My heartbeat doesn't quiet down even after I catch my breath.*
Shizuka: "Hey, are you all right...?"
Michiru: "O-Onii-cha..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I want to respond, but no words come out of my mouth.*
*All I can produce are raspy pants.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Damn... This is pathetic...)
*I forcefully wipe the sweat from my forehead with my shaking hands.*
Maya: "Koga...! Are you okay!?"
*She runs up to me as I'm crouched down on the ground and wraps her arms around me, stroking my back.*
Maya: "Please... calm down..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah..."
*The sensation of someone gently caressing my back.*
*It's... extremely calming and familiar.*
*My rough breathing gradually settles down.*
Mitsuyoshi: (This... feeling...)
Ushio: "It's okay... Everything's all right now..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko..."
Maya: "!!"
*When I mutter that subconsciously, I see Kurodani look startled.*
*She stares straight at me, her eyes wide open.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Huh... This expression...)
*I've seen it somewhere before. No, rather... it's one that I see all the time.*
*This expression... belongs to...*
Mitsuyoshi: "No way..."
Maya: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "You're... Mooko...?"
*The moment I say that, I can hear the faint sound of a music box.*
Kasumi: "Huh, what!?"
*And then a bright and airy ball of light appears.*
Mist: "...You have changed the past and reached a future beyond the Mist's activation..."
*The light drifts over to Kurodani and states that in a tranquil voice.*
Mist: "...It seems that my job here is done."
Maya: "......"
Mist: "May your wish be granted."
*Without saying a word, Kurodani takes a box out from her pocket. More specifically, one resembling a music box.*
*The ball of light is sucked into it.*
*The box wavers and then disappears.*
Mitsuyoshi: "That box... You..."
*A piece of cloth hidden beneath the box flutters to the ground.*
Adelheid: "A magic circle?"
*There's one drawn on the cloth.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah..."
*With a whoosh, Kurodani is enveloped in a distortion I've seen several times before, and the next moment...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko!!"
Ushio: "...I have returned."
*I see Mooko, looking slightly embarrassed.*
Kasumi: "Whaaaaat!? Wh-What happened to Kurodani-san!?"
Ushio: "That was me. I'm sorry for causing you to worry."
Shizuka: "Wait, all this time, that was you?"
Ushio: "Yes."
Mitsuyoshi: "Th-That's all you have to say!? How worried do you think I was about you!?"
Ushio: "Please don't be angry. Didn't I tell you that everything would be fine?"
Mitsuyoshi: "As if I'd know from just that!"
Ushio: "I wasn't allowed to let you know. If someone from the past figured out my identity, the spell to return to the past would have been broken."
Ushio: "So I had no choice but to pretend to be Kurodani-san, and I wasn't able to tell anyone about it."
Adelheid: "Spell to return to the past...? Is that the effect of that Mist just now?"
Ushio: "Correct. Now then, let's get going. We have no time to waste."
*She points up the stairs.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, but..."
Ushio: "I can explain while we're walking."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, fine! At least tell me this: is the real Kurodani at home right now?"
Ushio: "Yes, of course. I am saying this in part to protect her honor, but she did not do something as outrageous as returning to the school."
Shizuka: "That being said, you also picked the person most likely to do something like that..."
Ushio: "...I can't deny that."
Kasumi: "Your acting was amazing! I had no idea."
Ushio: "I-I had no choice."
*She sounds somewhat embarrassed and mumbles a bit.*
*Well, Kurodani and Mooko are practically polar opposites after all...*
Tsubaki: "So did you order the water bottle rocket just for the sake of shooting it up to where the gears are?"
Ushio: "Yes, I secretly ordered it with express shipping."
Mitsuyoshi: "You had everything planned out, huh..."
Adelheid: "What else? Was the strange shadow in the magic circle also your doing?"
Ushio: "Yes. I snuck into the basement of the chapel and put a mark in the projection disc."
*Apparently, the principal had shown it to her when she was captured.*
*Because of that, she was able to find a spot that would hinder it without being immediately noticeable, she explains.*
Shizuka: "When did you..."
Kasumi: "Oh, was it when you went to go get food?"
Ushio: "Yes, that's right. I purposely let the Disciplinary Committee members pick up the map of the other world and waited until their numbers thinned."
Adelheid: "I see. So if it weren't for you, we would've already lost when they first projected the magic circle..."
*Long story short, in order to escape from the treasury, Mooko used a Mist that was able to transport her to the past...*
*...and she pretended to be Kurodani, secretly supporting us the entire time.*
*The Lazurit Bloodstone was missing from the Bureau office because Mooko, under the guise of Kurodani, had already picked it up.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I understand your logic and why you did what you did, but..."
Kasumi: "Mii-kun was super worried about you."
Ushio: "...Like I said at the start, I'm sorry for causing you to worry."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know! I know that, but...!"
Ushio: "But what?"
Kasumi: "He's trying to say that he was still worried regardless."
Shizuka: "What a pain in the ass you can be sometimes."
Mitsuyoshi: "Shut up!!"
Ushio: "......"
*Mooko looks a bit troubled and turns away.*
*Ugh, this sudden relief is throwing me off.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Argh, this really isn't the time to be hung up over this. That magic circle's more important...)
Ushio: "Let's put this 'on hold' for now. The magic circle comes first."
Mitsuyoshi: "...All right."
Kasumi: "He's not putting up a fight?"
Tsubaki: "I'm sure it's something only they understand."
Adelheid: "Oh my, like some sort of secret word or phrase?"
*You know, I can hear you guys...*
Disciplinary Committee Member: "We've searched every nook and cranny of the east dormitory, but the butler was nowhere to be found."
Ulrick: "Is that so..."
Disciplinary Committee Member: "My apologies. Not only did she escape, but..."
Ulrick: "No, that was my fault for holding back too much. Don't worry about it."
Disciplinary Committee Member: "Okay..."
Ulrick: "Thank you for your help."
*After thanking the Disciplinary Committee member, I walk down the hallway.*
Ulrick: "......"
*From the roof, I stare up at the clock tower.*
*Calculating backwards from the amount of ingredients that Adelheid had, the perception-blocking perfume should be wearing off any minute now.*
Ulrick: "It's worth a shot."
*I take the Key of Janus that I was given out from my coat pocket.*
*When I turn the key in midair, I can feel my mana flowing into it.*
*It seems like it's working.*
Ulrick: "Oh, it finally wore off."
*Just as I thought. I place a hand on the doorknob and turn it.*
Ulrick: "This is..."
*I've seen this room before.*
*They moved Ludwig back to this spot, then.*
*Stepping inside the room, I quickly notice him sleeping soundly on top of the bed.*
Ulrick: "Everyone else is out? That's perfect."
*I survey the room first just to be safe.*
*There's nothing that strikes me as out of place.*
Ulrick: (If Adelheid didn't know about this when she made so many preparations to take me down, the move must've been quite rushed.)
*It's almost as if they didn't even have the time to hide Ludwig.*
Ulrick: (This took up much more time than I expected. Time to take him back home...)
*After much trouble, I can finally return to Germany.*
*As I move to lift him up, I place a hand on the bed―*
(......?)
*I feel like I just broke the surface of a pool of water, and my consciousness returns.*
*I can feel the mana from my right eye coursing throughout my body again.*
(What happened to me...?)
*Right, I remember fighting Ulrick... The mana in my fake eye was still normal... and then I met up with Adelheid and the others...*
*I can't recall anything after that.*
Louis: "...Mm."
*Opening my eyes, I can tell that I'm lying on a bed somewhere.*
Louis: "This is...!?"
*I spring up and confirm my surroundings. It's a familiar place.*
*I feel at ease after realizing that it's Murakumo Kasumi's room.*
Louis: "...Hey, what are you doing?"
*I direct that question to my stepbrother, who's standing in shock beside me.*
*It's only the two of us in this room.*
Ulrick: "Take a look at the sheets."
*He sighs as he says that.*
*It's rare to see him like this.*
*As a result, I can more or less figure out what happened.*
Louis: "...A magic circle. One that removes hypnosis."
*I get off the bed and pull away the blanket. A magic circle is drawn on the bedsheet directly under it.*
*It's the one that we used before.*
Louis: "I bet Ushio did this..."
*I crack a smile. She used my body as bait to lure Ulrick into this trap.*
*She's the only one who could've concocted this plan.*
Louis: "So when the hypnosis on you was broken, you removed the Magie's slumber from me."
Ulrick: "...I'm sorry. I have no words for this."
*He's probably kicking himself for playing into the enemy's hands when he was supposed to come here to pick us up.*
*He lowers his head deeply.*
Louis: "You were hypnotized, so it's not your fault. They've got a Magie capable of manipulating time on their side."
Ulrick: "That is apparently the case. I did meet someone who seemed like a Magie..."
Louis: "Help us out right now then. You've already seen everything they're trying to do, haven't you?"
Ulrick: "Yeah, I did. Which is exactly why I can't abandon my mission."
Louis: "Hey..."
Ulrick: "You understand, don't you? We can't have the head of the family staying in such a dangerous place."
Louis: "......"
*I refrain from clicking my tongue.*
*I knew that he was a stubborn guy, but this is as far as I'll get, huh?*
Ulrick: "I'll take full responsibility for anything that happens. That goes without saying. However, I can't betray the main family and my mission."
Louis: "I'm the leader though."
Ulrick: "I know, but orders from the main family were to safely bring back the head as soon as possible."
Ulrick: "You should be aware of this. That you're different from all the other heads up until now."
Louis: "......"
Ulrick: "You had such a high affinity that you even changed sex. The main family's greatest fear is losing you in a disturbance here."
Louis: "If that were the case, why did you even bother waking me up? It would've been faster to drag me home asleep."
Ulrick: "Because this was here."
*As he says that, he shows me a small piece of paper that he was holding.*
*―Fairness*
Louis: "...'Fairness'?"
*The word means the same in German as it does in English.*
Ulrick: "This was left underneath the blanket."
Louis: "And that's why you woke me up? Out of fairness?"
Ulrick: "As I fell for the hypnotism before, it wouldn't have been fair to take you away while you were still asleep."
Louis: "Hmm..."
*This is probably also the work of Ushio.*
*In order to prevent Ulrick from doing just that.*
Louis: (I doubt she expected him to be this stubborn... though the same goes for me.)
*My powers won't work against Ulrick.*
*He has the ring that nullifies them, which he used the last time we fought.*
Louis: (Maybe in some indirect way...)
*I don't think he'd give me the time to do that though. Making him listen by force is out of the question as well.*
*Based on his personality, his determination won't falter no matter what I say.*
Louis: (The only option left is―)
*I heave a sigh and shrug my shoulders.*
*There's no other way out of this.*
Louis: "All right then. Let's go back to Germany right this instant."
Ulrick: "...You're being surprisingly cooperative."
Louis: "I don't really have a choice, do I?"
Ulrick: "What about Adelheid?"
Louis: "We can leave her here. You don't care as long as I go back, right?"
Ulrick: "...Indeed."
*He nods after a few moments of thought.*
*Now then...*
Louis: (...I just have to figure out how to convince the main family.)
Tsubaki: "Okay, we're almost at the top."
Kasumi: "Is anyone there?"
Tsubaki: "I can sense someone's presence... Be careful, everyone."
*We finally reach where the gears are after climbing to the top of the stairs.*
*I stick my head out to look around.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...They've got a full party."
*The principal and Momo-senpai are watching over Hina-san, who's leaning back and resting on a chair which they brought from who knows where.*
*They're all together.*
Mitsuyoshi: "The principal aside, Momo-senpai is dangerous."
*We temporarily retreat down the stairs and discuss the state of affairs in hushed voices.*
Kasumi: "Do you think we could launch it from here?"
Ushio: "The water bottle rocket needs a certain amount of open space. It's too cramped here to launch it cleanly."
Tsubaki: "Could we manage somehow as long as we can restrain Shogoin-senpai's movements?"
Adelheid: "We'll have to immobilize her with perfume."
Shizuka: "That'll be our job, huh?"
Ushio: "I'll watch for openings and perform the launch then. Murakumo-san, please be on standby as you'll need to control the doll."
Kasumi: "Yep, roger that!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru, how are you holding up?"
Michiru: "Mm... I'm managing..."
Tsubaki: "Don't force yourself. Stay here and get some rest."
Michiru: "Okay... Thanks..."
Adelheid: "Here, the perfume."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, let's get to it."
*Murakumo, Heidi, Tsubaki-chan, and I each carry a bottle of perfume, and we run to the top of the stairs.*
Fuhito: "Oh? You still haven't learned your lesson and have come back for more!?"
Fuhito: "Ha ha ha ha... ha?"
*She started off with her usual pompous laugh, but it fades once she sees Mooko standing behind me.*
Fuhito: "O-Oh? So you escaped, huh...?"
*She looks strangely perturbed. It must've been completely unexpected.*
Momoka: "Leave it to me. Stand back, Principal~"
*Momo-senpai stands up and dashes straight towards us with great force.*
Adelheid: "Not on my watch!!"
Momoka: "Hyaaa!?"
*Heidi sprays the perfume directly at her.*
*She hurriedly pulls back, and it looks like she almost falls down as a result.*
Tsubaki: "We won't let you get any closer, Chairwoman."
Momoka: "U-Uu~ Mibu-san... Why are you being so mean to me~?"
Shizuka: "We're not being mean at all!!"
Momoka: "Don't get in our way!"
Shizuka: "You're the ones getting in our way!!"
*Despite being on the verge of tears, she's still keeping an eye out for an opening. The four of us keep our perfume bottles at the ready.*
Ninomae: "Jii!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ninomae!?"
*Crap, I totally forgot about him.*
*A white silhouette slips past us with incredible speed and breaks through to our back line.*
Kasumi: "Uwah, something's coming our way!"
Ninomae: "Chii!"
Ushio: "Kyaa...!"
*Mooko barely dodges the ermine flying towards her, but he lunges at the air pump near her feet instead and sends it clattering down the stairs.*
Ushio: "Ah...!"
*Without it, we have no way of launching the rocket.*
*That ermine understood what we were trying to do...? No, maybe Hina-san instructed it?*
Ushio: "...Murakumo-san!!"
*The instant Mooko sees that she can't launch the rocket anymore, she hands it and the doll to Sumi-chan.*
Ushio: "You're holding the rocket directly now. Picture it flying!"
Kasumi: "Ah... Right! Okay!"
*Her plan now is to launch it with mana instead of air.*
*If that's the case―*
Mitsuyoshi: "Tsubaki-chan! Go help out Sumi-chan. We'll take care of things here!"
Tsubaki: "Got it!!"
Ushio: "Mibu-san, the perfume!"
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan, use my mana too!"
Kasumi: "It's okay... I was able to launch the fireworks... I should be able to do this with my powers..."
Mitsuyoshi: (I can't let anyone get in their way...)
Kasumi: "I'm just going off what I've seen... but here goes nothing!"
*With all her might, she throws the water bottle rocket into the air.*
Kasumi: "Flyyyyyy―!!"
Tsubaki: "Guh... It uses up quite a bit...!!"
*In order to support her, Tsubaki-chan also holds up her arms towards the rocket.*
*It's their first time doing something like this.*
*They don't know anything about controlling the rocket's flight, so it seems to be quite taxing on them.*
Fuhito: "Ahahahahaha! I see, I see! What a great idea! It's brilliant!!"
*The principal bursts into laughter upon seeing the rocket in the air.*
*As she laughs, she takes out something from her pocket.*
Fuhito: "It's a good thing I was prepared for emergency situations like this! Good job, me! Ha ha ha!"
*I squint and try and make out what it is, but she's too far away.*
*Her laughter continues and she points at Sumi-chan.*
Fuhito: "Murakumo Kasumi!!"
Kasumi: "Wha... Huh!?"
*She jolts in surprise and then goes stiff.*
*A magic circle forms around her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "That's...!!"
*I've seen it before.*
*It's a Mist that we've been on the receiving end of before.*
Ushio: "Serpent...!!"
*Murakumo used it on us, and it renders you immobile if your name is called...*
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan!? Hey, Sumi-chan, stay strong!"
Kasumi: "U-Uu... Sorry..."
Adelheid: "The rocket...!"
*Having lost its pilot, the rocket begins to fall.*
*However, since it was aiming for the gears, it falls some distance away and...*
Momoka: "Whoa there~!"
*Before we even get the chance to take a step forward, Momo-senpai moves under the falling rocket and catches it.*
Fuhito: "A ha ha ha ha!"
*The principal roars with laughter after seeing us all stunned.*
Fuhito: "Well then, did you come up with a Plan B!? This Mist is capable of restraining two more people, but that depends on whether you have anything else up your sleeves!"
Fuhito: "Logically speaking, I should use it on Mibu-san next, seeing as she's a Magie."
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn it...!"
*That was the only plan we had.*
*Right now, Sumi-chan's probably the only one with the power to do something about that projector high in the sky.*
*We have to find some way to seal Serpent and release her...*
"―Their Plan B is right here."
*I hear a familiar voice coming from behind me, and when I turn around, I see that it's none other than Louis.*
Adelheid: "Louis!?"
*And accompanying him is Ulrick.*
*From the looks of it, the hypnosis on him has been removed.*
Fuhito: "......!"
*The principal immediately points the finger with Serpent on it at them.*
*Perhaps the principal doesn't know Louis's real name, but if I remember correctly, the Mist works on any name that the victim identifies with.*
*Even if it's a nickname, the instant you recognize that you're being called, it should still work...*
Fuhito: "―"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh...?"
*At that moment, it felt like... I heard the sound of time itself creaking.*
*Time feels like it's flowing so slowly that it's almost stopped.*
Shizuka: "This is...! Did Michiru use her powers!?"
*I look around, trying to figure out what's going on.*
*Following her line of vision, I see something resembling a ball of light slowly making its way from the principal to Louis.*
Louis: "I see, so it places a spell on your voice when you call someone's name."
*As he murmurs that, Louis sweeps away the ball of light with his hand.*
*Specks of light sparkle and dance every which way before disappearing.*
Adelheid: "Only the magic was brushed away...?"
Ushio: "Only the magic?"
Adelheid: "Yes, the Mist's restraining effect was the only part that was removed."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait, Louis... You can stop time too?"
Louis: "It hasn't stopped. This gentle flow of time is what it looks like when a Magie activates their powers."
Mitsuyoshi: "So this happens any time a Magie uses their powers?"
Louis: "It depends. Since mine manipulates sound, this manifests when I try to grasp it."
Ushio: "Grasping something as fast as sound would mean slowing it down first..."
Louis: "You're able to experience this because I made our wavelengths match. Time has definitely not stopped."
Adelheid: "The only Magie capable of manipulating time is Lazurit. Regular Magie are unable to slow down the flow of time."
Shizuka: "Huh? So what Michiru did was the same as this?"
Michiru: "I-I can't stop time..."
Louis: "My guess would be that Michiru unconsciously made the wavelengths of anyone she recognized match hers."
*So it's basically because she can't fully control her own powers.*
*Makes sense...*
Fuhito: "...Louis, and also Ulrick!!"
*I suddenly hear the principal's voice and turn back to her.*
*Time returns to its usual speed.*
Fuhito: "...Hmm!?"
Louis: "Sorry, but that won't work."
Momoka: "In that case! I'll stop you!"
*Momo-senpai looks totally ready to resolve this with her fists and furiously runs towards Louis.*
Ulrick: "I can't allow that."
Momoka: "Uu...!?"
*However, Ulrick dashes right in front of her with comparable speed.*
*She hurriedly stops in her tracks.*
Louis: "There's no way a Mist triggered by sound would work on a Weinberger. I suppose it works on these principles?"
Louis: "Tsuduraorizaka Fuhito."
Fuhito: "―Wha...!?"
*Like what happened to Sumi-chan earlier, the principal twitches before becoming completely motionless.*
Louis: "Shogoin Momoka. And also... Shichiban Hina."
Momoka: "Fuee!?"
Hina: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "You can do something like that without a Mist, huh...?"
Adelheid: "He witnessed it with his own eyes after all. As long as it's manipulating sound, it's well within his capabilities."
*After hearing that, Mooko rushes over to the principal and places a sealing talisman on Serpent.*
Kasumi: "Phew, I can move again!"
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan, are you okay!?"
*With the Mist now sealed, Sumi-chan regains her mobility.*
*Seeing as that's the case, I run over to Momo-senpai to take back the water bottle rocket.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Geh, it's all crushed..."
*I don't know whether it was on purpose or if she was just unable to control her own strength, but the rocket isn't in any condition to fly.*
Kasumi: "No way..."
Fuhito: "Why are you here? I thought you went back to Germany!"
*The immobile principal starts rattling on at Ulrick.*
Fuhito: "Even if the hypnosis was removed, wasn't that your top priority!?"
Ulrick: "Regarding that matter, the Weinberger main family has decided to fully support the head's wishes, which means that I shall, too."
Louis: "―Wait. Let me contact the main family to inform them that I'm returning. Phones should work outside the gate."
Ulrick: "Hmm? Sure."
Louis: "...Yeah, it's me. I hate to bring this up so suddenly, but I'd like to share my opinion on something as the head of the family."
Ulrick: "Hey."
Louis: "The project that Libra Lapis Lazuli Academy is proceeding with is exceedingly dangerous. We shouldn't ignore it. If we do, then it will tarnish the name of our family."
Ulrick: "......"
Louis: "With that being said, we Weinbergers are going to put our reputation on the line in order to stop it. This is an order. You are more than welcome to consult the rest of the family."
Ulrick: "...This was your plan from the beginning, wasn't it?"
Louis: "...I've already told you that we don't have the time to be arguing about this. At this rate, our family of magicians is going to perish."
Louis: "How stubborn are you going to be...? Fine, I'll accept any other conditions you have!! It should be clear which course of action would give us the most benefit!!"
Louis: "Yes, whatever you want... That thing from before? ...So be it. I understand. That's fine."
Louis: "The family is willing to let me stay."
Ulrick: "You practically threatened them to."
Louis: "You're just imagining things. We're heading back."
Ulrick: "...What was their condition?"
Louis: "......"
Ulrick: "...To produce an heir, I assume?"
Louis: "Don't ask if you already know."
Adelheid: "I'm amazed you managed to convince them."
Louis: "―What's the situation?"
Adelheid: "Hey! Why did you ignore me!?"
Ushio: "The spell will activate unless we can destroy the projector on top of those gears floating in the sky."
*As she says that, she shows him the rocket that I retrieved.*
Louis: "I see."
Mitsuyoshi: "You understood everything from just that?"
Louis: "You wanted to have this fly in the air and have Kasumi take control of the doll in order to obstruct that projector or whatever. Am I right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Exactly."
*What's going on in this guy's head?*
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, what do we do now?"
Ushio: "The water bottle rocket's been crushed..."
Kasumi: "E-Even if it looks like this... if I try hard enough... maybe I can make it fly."
Mitsuyoshi: "But aren't you two out of mana by now? Oh, but now that Louis is here, maybe he can share some of his...?"
*I look his way and he shakes his head.*
Louis: "There's no need for that."
Mitsuyoshi: "What do you mean?"
Ulrick: "If we destroy the gears themselves, the projector will fall, correct?"
Ushio: "Yes, that's right."
Ulrick: "That should be doable with your powers, Ludwig."
Louis: "Yeah."
*I hear a loud noise, as if the air around us were oscillating.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You? By yourself? You can do something like that?"
Louis: "Just watch and you'll see."
Kasumi: "Ah...! The gears are shaking!"
Fuhito: "―!! What are you doing!?"
Ulrick: "Resonance. The gears are responding to the vibrations of the sounds that Ludwig is producing."
*With cracks and creaks, the gears start to break.*
*Small fragments rain down from the sky.*
Fuhito: "Stop it! Stop it right this instant!!"
*It goes without saying that Louis ignores her frantic pleas.*
Shizuka: "Something that big can break from just sound?"
Adelheid: "It's the same principle as glass shattering from a person's voice. External forces vibrating at a certain frequency for extended periods of time can cause objects to distort and break."
Ushio: "I see. Sounds are vibrations in the air, meaning that a red-eyed Magie would be able to produce such a phenomenon."
Shizuka: "That's amazing..."
*A loud creak resounds through the air, and a crack runs through the center of the gears.*
Fuhito: "Ahhhhhhh...!!!"
*She lets out a scream of despair.*
Fuhito: "Stop that!! Are you all okay with abandoning Karasuma-kun, abandoning your friends!? Koga-kun!! Are you okay with that!?"
Momoka: "U-Uuu~ I can't..."
Hina: "......!!"
*Momo-senpai and Hina-san are writhing about, trying to break free from the spell, but they're unable to and remain where they are.*
Louis: "What do you want me to do?"
*With his hand still up, he turns to look at me as he asks that.*
*I had already made up my mind ages ago.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Please destroy it."
Fuhito: "Koga-kun!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Unfortunately, I already racked my brain over it and have come to terms with it."
Fuhito: "U-Uu..."
Ushio: "If Karasuma-kun himself were here, this would be the answer he would arrive at as well."
Fuhito: "......"
*The amount of debris falling from above gradually increases, and before long, the gears start disintegrating.*
Momoka: "Ahhh, the projector~!!"
Tsubaki: "It's falling down!!"
*Having lost its support, the projector wobbles and falls to the ground with the rest of the wreckage.*
Ushio: "It's... over now..."
Fuhito: "No way..."
*The energy seems to drain from the principal's body as she watches the projector roll on the ground in front of her.*
Momoka: "E-Even though we worked so hard... We did our best for so long..."
Hina: "......"
*Beside Momo-senpai, who's on the verge of tears, Hina-san is biting her lip, looking frighteningly melancholic.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Everyone's safe now..."
Kasumi: "H-Huh?"
*Convinced that we had won, we look up at the sky... only to see that the magic circle is still there.*
Kasumi: "Why!? Didn't the projector fall down!?"
Tsubaki: "It's right over there... So how..."
Louis: "...It's been imprinted there...!"
Ushio: "Imprinted? The magic circle?"
Adelheid: "Are you saying that since the sky itself is made of mana, it's been imprinted with the magic circle because of how long it's been exposed to the pattern...?"
Shizuka: "Is there any way you can destroy it?"
Louis: "My power only works on objects that have a natural frequency. It wouldn't do anything to something made from mana."
Adelheid: "If we wait long enough, the mana might be absorbed... but we don't have the time to spare..."
Fuhito: "Ha... haha... hehehehehe..."
*The principal, who had been speechlessly staring at the floor, lets out another one of her maniacal laughs.*
Fuhito: "This is fate!! Fate, I say!! Feast your eyes on this, Mother!!!"
Momoka: "The magic circle's safe~! Thank goodness~!"
Hina: "...Yeah."
Fuhito: "Hahahahaha!! Looks like it's our victory after all!! Ha ha ha ha ha!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn it... This isn't fair...!!"
Ushio: "A way... to get rid of that..."
Fuhito: "Hahahahaha, there's nothing of the sort! As if you'll find something that convenient!"
Hina: "Sound can't break it."
Hina: "Neither will perfume."
Adelheid: "W-We know that already!"
*She then looks at Sumi-chan.*
Hina: "It's been imprinted into the sky. There's nothing you can do with your dolls."
Kasumi: "Uu..."
Hina: "Seeing through someone's lies? That's useless as well."
Tsubaki: "Guh...!"
*Lastly, she looks at Michiru, who's standing some distance away.*
Hina: "...It looks like you can't even manipulate your mana in the first place."
Michiru: "......"
Hina: "Yes, nobody here can get in our way anymore."
Fuhito: "That's exactly right, Mother! Here! Right now!! Mother will fulfill her 'promise'!!!"
Fuhito: "Even if you have a red-eyed Magie with you! A Magie's powers aren't omnipotent! This is as far as you'll get!!"
*It's frustrating, but Hina-san's right.*
*As it stands, we have no way of getting rid of that magic circle...*
Fuhito: "Hahahahahahaha! Ahahahahahahahaha! What a magnificent conclusion!!"
Fuhito: "The Goddess of Fate is clearly on our side and wants us to revive the Night students!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*None of us are able to speak, and we're all standing in shock.*
Ushio: "No... There must be some way..."
*Mooko mutters that as she looks for any hints that might get us out of this.*
*Nevertheless, she remains perfectly calm.*
*And it's not just Mooko. Louis, Heidi, Sumi-chan, Tsubaki-chan, Murakumo―*
*We're all making up for one another's shortcomings as we face our enemies.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I can't forgive them.)
*Fate? Conclusion?*
Mitsuyoshi: (Because of that, we're...)
Mitsuyoshi: "...As if I'm letting things stay like this."
Ushio: "Koga...-kun?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I can't forgive them."
*Even if we can't see the light at the end of the tunnel.*
*Even if they point and laugh at us.*
*I'll resist until the very end.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―As if we'll accept that sort of fate!"
*That's when it happens.*
*The mysterious girl from that time appears before me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!?"
Michiru: "Huh... Who's..."
*I quickly look around, but nobody other than me and Michiru seem to pay her any attention.*
*It's like they can't even see her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You're..."
Girl: "......"
*Without saying a word, she reaches for her collar and pulls out a pendant hanging from a thin chain.*
*That rock is―*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah..."
*The next thing I know, I'm standing in a completely different place than I was a minute ago.*
Kasumi: "This is..."
Tsubaki: "It's familiar."
Louis: "Adelheid, are you all right?"
Adelheid: "Yes..."
Ulrick: "Where are we?"
Ushio: "...We've been here before."
Michiru: "......"
Shizuka: "Yeah..."
*It's not just me. Everyone else is here, too.*
*At my feet are the principal, Momo-senpai, and Hina-san, all unconscious.*
Mitsuyoshi: "This is... the dream world...?"
*I soon realize that it's the scenery from the dream world that we went to because of that one Mist.*
*However, compared to the last time we were here, it looks much darker, or perhaps gloomy would be a better word for it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You're..."
*In front of me is that girl, clearly standing there.*
*She has a lonely look in her eyes as she stares at Hina-san collapsed on the ground.*
Ushio: "That's... Morpheus's Stone..."
*Oh right, the stone she was wearing around her neck.*
*No wonder it looked familiar.*
*It's the Mist that lets one experience any dream that they desire.*
*My classmate, Yoshida Soara, accidentally activated it a while back and caused a lot of trouble.*
Girl: "I borrowed it, thinking that I might need it at some point."
*Come to think of it, we all seem to have our consciousnesses intact even though we're in the dream world.*
*We had to use Heidi's perfume last time in order to do that.*
Girl: "The reason you're able to retain your consciousness is because I, as the creator of this dream, wished for it."
*She says that as if she were answering the question in my mind.*
Ushio: "...Who are you?"
Angel: "Angel. I'm sure you already know that name."
Ushio: "―! From the diary...!!"
Angel: "Correct. I am the girl who Kral Lazurit refers to all the time in her memories that you had the Mist write out."
Kasumi: "What!? The one and only!?"
Tsubaki: "B-But... I thought you passed away..."
Angel: "...I did."
*She nods.*
Angel: "The real me perished in the fire twenty years ago, which is why..."
*She lifts up Morpheus's Stone dangling from her neck while she talks.*
Angel: "...I was debating whether or not to use this Mist of dreams to appear before you all."
Angel: "But we're almost out of time. There was no other option. It would've been my final opportunity to do so, which is why we're here now."
Ushio: "Your final opportunity...?"
Angel: "Choose."
Angel: "Will you overturn fate, or will you not? Do you desire the power to destroy that magic circle, or do you not?"
Angel: "Even if that action may bring about pain and suffering..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*We look amongst ourselves after being asked that question.*
*What does she mean? What will happen if we answer? We're all full of questions as we try to figure out her true intentions.*
*Mooko walks up to Angel.*
Ushio: "We're looking for an option where nobody needs to be sacrificed. Our answer would depend on what exactly the pain and suffering you mentioned refers to."
Angel: "It would mean... discarding white lies and facing the hidden truth."
*Chills run down my spine, and I almost let out a yelp.*
Mitsuyoshi: (What the...?)
*I'm confused as to why that happened.*
Ushio: "In that case, I have no objections."
Kasumi: "Yeah... Nobody else will be sacrificed."
Tsubaki: "We want to save everyone. That includes the students from 20 years ago."
Louis: "Of course, we have no objections either. Right, Adelheid?"
Adelheid: "Indeed."
Ulrick: "I shall follow my leader."
Michiru: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah, as long as nobody else is going to die..."
*I'm curious about those chills, but I have no reason to disagree.*
Angel: "Then I'll explain the truth behind everything, in order."
*After seeing all of us approve, she starts speaking in a tranquil tone of voice.*
Angel: "You know from reading the diary that I was taken in by Mother... by Lazurit and brought to this school, right?"
Ushio: "Yes, we're aware of that."
Angel: "As well as the disaster that I caused twenty years ago―"
*I'm in my room in the library, lost and confused.*
*It was supposed to be a good idea, but it turns out that the spell to give a homunculus a heart was much harder than I anticipated.*
Angel: "I wonder why..."
*Sitting down on the sofa, I flip through the pages of a tome that describes how to create homunculi, one that I've already read several times before.*
Angel: "...There's nothing wrong with how I made it."
*As I expected, nowhere does it say how to create one with a heart.*
*That's why I have no choice but to experiment on my own.*
*My heart flutters at the thought of finishing it before she returns and surprising her, so I zealously got to work, but...*
Angel: "Their hearts always disappear..."
*I can certainly see the flickering of a soul before the homunculus awakens, but it fades away like a fleeting dream the moment it opens its eyes.*
*Not only that, but one homunculus even burst apart and vanished, as if its body couldn't support the heart it was given.*
Angel: "...This time... please..."
*In a corner of the room, a brand-new homunculus is sleeping, waiting to be brought into this world.*
*I wholeheartedly supply her with mana as she sleeps on the other side of this sleek, lustrous membrane.*
*She's the seventh one.*
*Don't disappear... Please, accept the heart this time.*
Angel: "You're not just a doll... You have a heart, a soul..."
*I can faintly feel the warm fluctuations of the soul through this thin membrane.*
*They're like the warmth you feel on a cold winter's day from seeing the lights on at home in the distance, full of happiness, anticipation, and love.*
Angel: "Yes, that is yours. Your soul. I'm giving it... to you..."
*The soul sways.*
*She can hear it.*
*My voice is getting through to her.*
Angel: "Welcome to this world. With that heart of yours... come to me..."
*The membrane tears apart.*
*The water inside it turns into a sparkling mist, and all that remains is "her".*
*Thank goodness. It didn't disappear...*
*My mind feels at ease.*
*I can't help but give a great big smile.*
Angel: "...Good morning."
"......"
*She stares at me with a puzzled look on her face.*
Angel: "How do you feel, Dite?"
*I call her with the same name as I was called before, with the word that means "baby".*
Dite: "...Feel..."
*She mutters that, her head tilted quizzically.*
*After much thought, she then gives a timid reply.*
Dite: "Umm... I feel warm."
Angel: "Warm?"
Dite: "Face..."
*She hesitantly points at my face with one of her slender fingers.*
*Then, a bright smile appears on her face, as if a bud had blossomed.*
Dite: "...Your face is kind. That's why it... umm... sort of feels warm."
Angel: "......"
*I get goosebumps all over my body.*
*My vision blurs as if I'm suddenly underwater.*
Dite: "What's wrong...?"
*She peers into my face, looking surprised.*
Dite: "Mo...ther... Are you crying?"
Angel: "I'm sorry. I'm okay..."
Dite: "Are you crying? Are you sad?"
*She looks troubled and reaches for me.*
*I hold her precious hands in mine.*
Angel: "No, I'm not. I'm happy... So, so happy..."
*There's no doubt about it. She has a heart.*
*She saw my smile and felt its warmth.*
*She saw my tears and hesitated.*
Dite: "Happy? Mother, you're happy?"
Angel: "Yes... Very happy. I'm overjoyed that you came to life..."
Dite: "Happy... I'm happy too!"
*She hugs me tightly and looks up at me with a huge smile on her face.*
Dite: "Good morning, Mother."
Angel: "Good morning, Dite."
*―And thus, she came to be.*
*I was planning on giving her to my depressed classmate, but I ended up taking her in.*
*While I was working on my failed experiments, she had regained quite a bit of her vitality and didn't seem to need help anymore.*
*Not to mention that even though this one was successful, Dite's soul was the very first I had ever made, and I had doubts about whether it would be safe to let her leave my side.*
*However, she learned all sorts of things in a short amount of time and was growing rapidly.*
Angel: "You're no longer a baby, so I shouldn't be calling you Dite anymore. I have to give you a proper name."
Dite: "Name?"
Angel: "Yes, that's right... You were the seventh one so... Sedmy Dite... How about Sedmy?"
Sedmy: "Sedmy..."
Angel: "Yes, Sedmy. That will be your name from now on."
Sedmy: "...Okay! Thank you, Mother!"
*She leaps towards me and wraps her arms around me in joy.*
*I return her embrace while sharing her laughter.*
*Ah, I knew it―*
*She isn't a doll at all.*
*She must have a heart, seeing how happy she is...*
*I was confident that I had succeeded, but I still had felt a little anxious.*
*What if her happiness was from simply copying my actions...?*
*Did she truly feel happy? Was she laughing from the bottom of her heart...?*
*This worry that was lurking within me the entire time has now been cleared.*
Sedmy: "I love you, Mother!"
Angel: "Thanks... I love you too, Sedmy."
*She's innocent, honest, and extremely kind.*
*She'll say that she loves me.*
*When I'm smiling, she'll smile too and say that she's happy.*
*She's so dear to me.*
*Being apart from her would be unthinkable.*
Sedmy: "...Hey, Mother, where do you always go in the mornings?"
Angel: "I go take classes at school. I learn and study there."
Sedmy: "Can I go, too?"
Angel: "You want to study?"
Sedmy: "Yeah. I want to go study together with you."
*It seems that her feeling lonely when I'm not around during the day, coupled with her increasing curiosity with the world, made her interested in classes as well.*
*I also want to be with her as much as possible.*
*So I decided to take her to my classroom.*
Angel: "Good morning, everyone."
Male Student: "Morning! ...Huh? Who's that?"
Female Student A: "I've never seen her before~"
Female Student B: "Is she your relative or something?"
Angel: "She's a new life. I created her."
Male Student: "Huh!? C-Created?"
Female Student A: "Umm, come again...? This suddenly, and a girl this big? How?"
Male Student: "She's clearly around the same age as us..."
Female Student B: "Umm..."
*My classmates seem very surprised, and I hear nothing but confused murmurs.*
Sedmy: "......"
Angel: (Is it strange for someone close to our age to suddenly appear...?)
*This isn't going to work.*
*I want her to understand that the school is a fun place.*
Angel: "―She's our classmate. She studies with all of us here, right?"
*A high-pitched whine fills the room.*
*I used it...*
*I can feel everyone's souls freeze momentarily and get rewritten.*
*No―I used my powers to rewrite them.*
*They now think that Sedmy is a regular classmate and that there's nothing out of the ordinary about her.*
Male Student: "...H-Huh? Umm..."
Female Student B: "...What were we talking about again?"
Angel: "About how we have a new friend."
*As I say that, I pull Sedmy, who's still nervous, by the hand out into the open.*
*I reassure her with my eyes that everything's going to be all right. She nods shyly and gives everyone a bow.*
Sedmy: "...H-Hello."
*This time, our classmates don't look confused at all and greet her with smiles.*
Male Student: "Nice to meet you! What's your name?"
Sedmy: "...Sedmy."
Male Student: "Huh, that's cute!"
Female Student A: "Sedmy-chan, do you have your textbooks yet?"
Female Student B: "Do you want to borrow mine?"
Male Student: "What are you doing for lunch? Did you bring one?"
Female Student B: "Let's eat together!"
Sedmy: "U-Umm... Thank you."
*The tension finally disappears from her face and she's able to relax.*
Angel: (Thank goodness. Everything's fine now...)
*I also breathe a sigh of relief.*
*However―*
Lazurit: "What...!? But... isn't she a homunculus...?"
*...Mother wasn't as happy.*
Lazurit: "That is a sin."
Lazurit: "Creating an artificial life that never existed is something that should never be done."
Lazurit: "Yes... Yes, it is something that is difficult to grasp. But please promise me that you'll never do this again, okay?"
*Not only is she unhappy, but she seems downright displeased as she says that to me.*
*I wonder why.*
Sedmy: "What's wrong, Mother? You said that you were going to meet someone important today... Were you unable to meet them?"
Angel: "...No, I did."
Sedmy: "Then why do you look so sad?"
Angel: "Sorry for making you worry. I was just a bit disappointed that I couldn't make them happy."
Sedmy: "You couldn't... make them happy?"
Angel: "Yes, but it's okay."
*I embrace her tightly and make a pledge:*
Angel: "No matter what, I will always protect you."
*That's why... when Mother said that Sedmy and I should distance ourselves from each other...*
*I got so agitated...*
Angel: "Don't say that! She's different... She's not a regular homunculus. She's not a doll!!"
Lazurit: "...That's right, she's not a regular homunculus. She..."
Angel: "She's Sedmy! Her name is Sedmy! She's not a doll!!"
*That's why I yelled at Mother like that.*
*Unable to patch things up between us, my heart remained in disarray... And then that day arrived.*
*―The day of the school-wide assembly.*
*All of the students were in the auditorium.*
*Me, Sedmy, our classmates. We were all waiting for the teacher to arrive.*
Angel: (What do I do...? I really don't want to be apart from Sedmy...)
*The rest of my classmates are engaged in idle chatter with one another.*
Angel: (Ah, I can't... I shouldn't make Sedmy worried...)
*I recall what happened when I first brought her to my classroom.*
*The looks on everyone else's faces.*
*As well as Sedmy's frightened expression.*
*I can't be making her worry now that she's developed an interest in school and become friends with everyone else.*
*It's only because I rewrote all of their souls though.*
*This isn't the real thing―*
Angel: (...Was that also something I shouldn't have done...?)
*So is rewriting everyone's souls for Sedmy's sake also...?*
Male Student A: "...Huh? Who are you?"
Sedmy: "Huh...?"
Female Student A: "Hey, which class are you from?"
Female Student B: "Huh... Wait, how long have you been here for...?"
Sedmy: "Wh-What's wrong, guys...?"
Angel: "―......!?"
*My classmates are looking at Sedmy with suspicion.*
*The spell's worn off.*
*Because I was wallowing in anxiety, the spell that I had cast on the whole school was broken.*
Angel: "N-No...!!"
Male Student B: "Who is that? Is she from your class?"
"No, I've never seen her before."
Sedmy: "Why...? Hey, what's going on?"
Male Student B: "Don't ask me... I don't know you..."
Angel: "Stop it...!!"
*Don't hurt Sedmy.*
*I put all of my strength into rewriting everyone's souls again.*
*That was... my final mistake...*
Male Student C: "Who is she?"
"Hey, this girl nobody knows suddenly―"
*It's not working.*
*The instability in my heart is preventing me from properly controlling my magic.*
Sedmy: "M-Mother... I'm scared..."
Angel: "Stop... Stop it... Please!! Don't hurt her anymore...!!"
*When I shout, I can tell that a terrifying amount of mana comes bursting out from within me.*
*I'm unable to stop it, and the collapse of my unstable heart brings about widespread destruction.*
Male Student C: "Aah...!?"
Female Student B: "Kyaaaa!?"
Angel: "...Huh?"
"Ah!? No, ahhhh...!"
*One by one, the students around me are engulfed by flames.*
*I quickly realize that the flames are because the souls I tried to rewrite were unable to withstand the power of my rampaging mana.*
Angel: "Ah... S-Stop... Please..."
*I do my best to suppress my mana.*
*However, my powers have gone completely out of control.*
Female Student A: "Nooo! Someone, help―!!"
Sedmy: "Mother... Mother..."
"Help... It burns..."
*In the blink of an eye, the flames gushing from the students catch onto the building, turning the auditorium into a sea of fire.*
*I stand stunned in the middle of the "calamity" I brought about, unable to even scream...*
Angel: "...That is the truth of twenty years past."
*With that, she ends her long story.*
*Her eyes are cast downwards, and she looks like she's unable to bear the regret and weight of her sins.*
Angel: "It's not only because my mana went out of control. The fire was caused by me trying to falsify other's souls for my personal benefit."
Angel: "My power is to manipulate souls... and it works directly on them. As a result, if it goes rampant, then the souls get damaged."
Angel: "That's why people call a Magie with that power a Magie of Calamity. And that name proved to be all too true..."
*We can only stare at her in silence.*
Ushio: "...I understand. With this, we finally know exactly what happened back then..."
*Mooko looks at Angel somewhat suspiciously as she says that.*
Mitsuyoshi: (There's one thing I don't get. Why did Angel tell us this now...? Was it necessary? If so, for what purpose?)
*That's probably what's on Mooko's mind as well.*
Angel: "I'm sure you're all wondering why I told you this."
Ushio: "...Yes, that's correct."
Angel: "You'll understand soon enough."
*Her beautiful eyes are tinged with sadness.*
Angel: "I told you this because I wanted you to remember."
*Her eyes are directed... at Michiru.*
Michiru: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru?"
*She's clearly not acting like her usual self.*
*Her face is pale and she's shivering.*
*It's different from her condition after she uses magic, like she's been truly shaken by something...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Michiru, what's..."
Michiru: "Noooo!!!"
*She screams and runs away from us as fast as her legs can carry her.*
*In no time at all, her figure disappears into the strange scenery of this dream world.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru!?"
*As I'm about to chase after her, someone suddenly grabs my arm.*
*I turn around and see that it's Angel.*
Angel: "It can't be you. You'll understand why later."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh...?"
*After telling me that, she then turns to everyone else and says:*
Angel: "As long as I don't release it, this dream won't end. Michiru should be somewhere here, so please look for her."
Shizuka: "Y-Yeah! We'll find her in no time..."
Tsubaki: "Let's split up. From the looks of it, this is something serious."
Kasumi: "Leave it to us, Mii-kun! I'm sure we'll find her!"
Adelheid: "We'll help too!"
Louis: "Ja."
Ulrick: "...I'm merely following orders. I'll lend a hand."
*They all run off every which way as they reassure me.*
Ushio: "I'll also―"
Angel: "You stay here."
Ushio: "Huh? But why?"
Angel: "Because you must."
Ushio: "...I understand."
*I'm sure she must think it strange, but she obliges, having determined that it would be for the best to do as Angel says here.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Michiru... What's gotten into you...?)
Shizuka: "Hey! Michiru!!"
*I take a quick look around the surrounding area, but the dream world is as fickle as always and constantly changes its scenery.*
*I can't tell if it's something Angel has no control over or if she's intentionally causing it...*
Shizuka: (Where the hell did she go...?)
*I try running around for a while, but I still don't see her anywhere.*
*I come to a stop and catch my breath.*
Shizuka: (...Somewhere she's likely to go...)
*Images of a carnival, a park, and a beach all fade in and out of the scenery like mirages.*
*None of them seem quite right.*
*I can guess that she doesn't like noisy and crowded places...*
Shizuka: (Home, maybe? No, she missed Koga so much that she teleported herself all the way to the school...)
*―Teleported.*
*That's it. The place where we first met.*
*The place where we chatted for hours, when I mistook her for a Mist.*
Shizuka: "...Where was that again?"
*Wait, this is a dream, so maybe I can get there if I just imagine it.*
*Thinking that I have no choice but to gamble on that, I picture that place as vividly as I can in my mind and start running.*
Shizuka: "―Michiru!"
*I was right on the money.*
*I soon arrive at the spot where we first met and see Michiru crouched down by herself.*
Shizuka: "Finally... Hey, we were looking for you."
Michiru: "Sob... sob... Uu..."
*I run over to her and put my hand on her shoulder.*
*Then I realize...*
Shizuka: "Michiru... You're crying..."
*She looks down, wiping her overflowing tears as she sobs unceasingly.*
*Has she been crying the entire time?*
Shizuka: "...What's gotten into you?"
Michiru: "I-I..."
*In between her sobs, she talks as if she were repenting in a confessional to someone I can't see.*
Michiru: "I... remembered everything..."
Shizuka: "Remembered? Remembered what?"
Michiru: "Uuu... Sob..."
Shizuka: "Stop crying already... I'll hear you out."
*After a bit of hesitation, I mimic what Koga did before and stroke her head.*
Shizuka: "It... must be painful keeping it all inside, whatever you remembered."
Michiru: "...Sob... Yeah..."
*She nods, still in tears.*
Shizuka: "...So talk. At this point, I won't be surprised no matter what you say."
Michiru: "......"
Shizuka: "Angel's story was shocking enough as it is. I've already built up a resistance."
Michiru: "I... did it too..."
Shizuka: "Hmm?"
Michiru: "I... did the same thing...!"
*She cries out as if a dam inside her had burst.*
Michiru: "I did the same thing as her! That's why it burned... It was all... I burned everything...!!"
Shizuka: "You... burned everything...?"
Michiru: "The fire we were in... Mom, Dad, and... O-Onii-chan..."
Shizuka: "......"
*Fire... Is that why Koga has such a huge fear of fire...?*
Michiru: "It was me... It was all my fault... I remembered that..."
*―Even if that action may bring about pain and suffering...*
*―Discarding white lies and facing the hidden truth...*
*I recall what Angel said earlier.*
*Was she referring to this...?*
Michiru: "I... I tried to... do the same thing... Rewrite a soul..."
Shizuka: "A soul!? Y-You're able to do that, too?"
Michiru: "...Shizuka."
*She looks up at me with dark, sullen eyes.*
Michiru: "What do you think I tried to rewrite?"
Shizuka: "......"
*I'm unable to answer and she starts talking.*
*Recounting the events at the Koga house―*
*...Michiru was still young back then.*
*She suddenly woke up in the middle of the night and headed towards the living room, where she felt her parents' presence.*
Mother: "...Oh, Michiru?"
Father: "What's wrong? You can't sleep?"
Michiru: "Mom... Dad..."
Mother: "Hmm? What's wrong?"
Michiru: "Mom..."
*―She says that she had a dream a while back about her childhood memories.*
Michiru: "But..."
Michiru: "They were fake memories... No, the events actually happened, but I erased from my memories what happened before..."
Michiru: (Mom and Dad... are still awake...)
*The lights were still on in the living room.*
*When Michiru walked closer, she could hear her parents' conversation―*
Mother: "...Yes, for her sake as well..."
Father: "Yeah. Right now, we still don't know how to deal with a girl like Michiru..."
*They were talking about her.*
*Having realized that, she stopped in her tracks and eavesdropped from the hallway.*
Mother: "Maybe we should distance ourselves from her for a bit and properly think things through..."
*Distance... Despite her young age, she knew it meant that she would be sent somewhere far away.*
Father: "Yeah, this isn't something we can easily just discuss with anyone. We should really put some serious thought into this before deciding..."
Mother: "...My aunt in the countryside said that she's willing to look after Michiru for a while."
Father: "Is that so... Let's take her up on her offer then..."
*She was going to be kicked out of the house.*
"Why only me? Do they hate me?"
"Do they not want me because of this weird power...?"
*I'm sure her parents loved her.*
*They just wanted to think about how they should approach and treat her, given that she was born with those abnormal powers.*
*That's why they were thinking of having a relative take care of her temporarily, but Michiru was probably too young to understand that...*
Michiru: (―I don't want that.)
Michiru: (I don't want to go. I want to stay here. With Mom, Dad, and Onii-chan. I want to stay here forever.)
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, Michiru, you were awake?"
Michiru: "Onii-chan..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Go back to bed. Don't stand here spacing out."
*Perhaps because he was woken up at a weird time, her brother is grumpy.*
*His attitude only serves to pressure Michiru even more.*
Michiru: (No, no, no...)
Michiru: (...Don't hate me. Don't hate me...)
*The anxiety and loneliness were too much for her to handle, and she unconsciously activated her powers.*
Michiru: (Everyone loves me. They all treasure me. Isn't that right...?)
Michiru: "Yeah..."
Mother: "...Oh, Michiru?"
Father: "What's wrong? You can't sleep?"
Michiru: "Mom... Dad..."
Mother: "Hmm? What's wrong?"
Michiru: "Mom..."
*Her mother acts like nothing had happened and firmly embraces her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "We both happened to wake up."
Michiru: "Onii-chan..."
Michiru: "I... don't have to go anywhere, right...?"
Mother: "Oh dear, what are you talking about? Of course not."
Father: "You're our precious daughter. We'd never give you up to anyone else."
Michiru: "Okay... That's great..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure say some weird things. You're my precious little sister..."
Michiru: "That's why... That's why Onii-chan is always so overly worried about me! Because I rewrote his soul to be that way!"
*Rewrote his soul―*
*Koga's behavior and attachment to his sister are fake?*
*It's hard to believe that so suddenly.*
Michiru: "And not only that... Even though I did it... That it's all fake... That I did something wrong..."
*Struck by the guilt and emptiness, she became mentally unstable.*
*Like what happened to Angel that day.*
Michiru: "...I was scared... that the magic would wear off one day... And if that happened, then I'd be kicked out... and then..."
*That's when the fire broke out.*
*The same thing that happened to the students when Angel's mana went rampant... happened to Michiru's parents...*
Michiru: "Everyone... Everyone burned up... Dad, Mom... the house... and Onii-chan, too."
Shizuka: "B-But Koga is..."
Michiru: "...I made it. His body burned up... That's why he's sick... Because I tried to forcibly fix him up..."
Shizuka: "......"
Michiru: "I... remembered everything... When I was crying in the middle of the burning house... she came..."
Shizuka: "'She' being Angel?"
Michiru: "Yeah... She grabbed my hand... and told me... to forget everything..."
*―A white lie.*
*It's not Michiru's fault.*
Michiru: "That's why... That's why I forgot it all! Everything... Everything was my fault...! I had forgotten until now..."
Shizuka: "It's not your fault at all! Angel did that to you..."
Michiru: "But...! What... should I do...? It was my fault. I have no idea what I should say to Onii-chan...!!"
*She raises her voice again before going back to looking down at the ground and crying.*
Shizuka: "......"
*I try to find the right words to console her, but none come to mind.*
*I don't even know how to begin.*
Shizuka: (She's... been carrying this heavy burden inside her. What could I say...?)
*I try to put myself in Koga's shoes and then I realize something.*
*She said it couldn't be him.*
Shizuka: (It makes sense now. No matter what he says, Michiru would only think that it's a lie born from her rewriting his soul.)
*In that case...*
*Something that only I would be able to tell her...*
Shizuka: (...Now that I think about it, Koga and I are actually quite similar.)
*I started getting that feeling a while back, but I tried my best not to think about it.*
*I thought that there was no way I could be similar to a monster like him and shrugged it off as a joke.*
Shizuka: (One isn't a Magie, one is. Me and Kasumi―Koga and Michiru. We're the same.)
*Is that why I was able to find Michiru?*
*Not someone else?*
*Maybe Angel was planning on leaving this responsibility to me to begin with.*
Shizuka: "...Michiru."
*I steel myself and call out to her.*
Shizuka: "Kasumi's a Magie too. That's why... I used to be jealous of her."
Michiru: "...?"
*She raises her head in curiosity, though her tears don't stop flowing.*
Shizuka: "Kids are fascinated by strange powers and the supernatural, you know?"
Shizuka: "So I got annoyed that even though we're twins, she was the only special one."
Michiru: "......"
Shizuka: "...But when I got sick and fainted, she came to this school and became a scapegoat for my sake, as dumb of a little brother as I am."
Shizuka: "Until Mibu-san started helping her out, she was living in the clock tower, supplying mana all by herself."
Michiru: "......"
*Her face is still streaked with tears, but she's calmed down at the very least.*
Shizuka: "...So you see, even if my feelings for Kasumi now were the result of her rewriting my soul..."
Shizuka: "It doesn't change the fact that she saved my life."
Shizuka: "Of course, I'd be wondering why the hell she decided to rewrite my soul, but I'd never... hate Kasumi for it."
Michiru: "...You wouldn't?"
Shizuka: "No way. I have no reason to."
Michiru: "But... if she..."
Shizuka: "That's... Well... it'd just show how much she loves me."
*I can feel my face burning up.*
*It's embarrassing saying that out loud.*
*But I know for a fact that Kasumi treats me dearly.*
*Even a simpleton like me can figure that out.*
Shizuka: "Like, I might be shocked about it, but I wouldn't be angry, nor would I hate her."
Shizuka: "...I'm sure it'd be the same for Koga."
Michiru: "Onii-chan too...?"
Shizuka: "Yeah. We've been together for a while now. Having seen his behavior and actions up until now... I can tell he's that kind of guy."
Michiru: "......"
Shizuka: "He'll definitely forgive you if you apologize."
Michiru: "...But I... I... Mom and Dad too..."
Shizuka: "Well... You can't do anything about that, and you'll probably have to shoulder that guilt for the rest of your life."
Michiru: "......"
Shizuka: "But you want to remember it from now on, don't you?"
Michiru: "Y-Yeah...!"
*She nods furiously.*
*More large tears fall to the ground.*
Michiru: "I don't want that anymore... I forgot all about it even though it was my fault, and I was the only one who made it out unhurt... I've had enough of that..."
Shizuka: "...Then everything will be all right."
Michiru: "Huh...?"
Shizuka: "If you had said that you wanted to forget everything again because it was too much, then it would've been a lost cause."
Shizuka: "But by wanting to remember, it means that you're prepared to suffer the consequences of your actions."
Michiru: "Prepared... Me...?"
Shizuka: "Yeah. You can do it. Make sure you never forget what happened and properly study how to use magic."
Michiru: "...I want to learn. I don't... want that to happen again..."
Shizuka: "Then you know exactly what you need to do next."
Michiru: "But... is it really okay? Mom and Dad... are dead..."
Shizuka: "If you can restore Koga's soul back to normal, apologize, and live out the rest of your life, then I don't think your parents could be any happier."
Michiru: "......"
Shizuka: "There's no parent who wouldn't be happy about their kid enjoying their life."
Michiru: "...Uu."
*For a moment, she looks at me wide-eyed, but then...*
Michiru: "U-Uu... Shizuka...!!"
Shizuka: "Whoa!?"
*She comes flying towards me and weeps quietly.*
Shizuka: "H-Hey, Michiru!? Hey!"
Michiru: "Uuu... uu... Sob... uuuu..."
Shizuka: "Okay, okay, I get it already!! Calm down! Why are you crying harder than before!?"
Michiru: "Because... Because..."
Shizuka: "Calm down, okay? You're going to go apologize, right?"
Michiru: "U-Uu... Yeah..."
Shizuka: "Stop crying then. All you have to do is restore Koga's soul back to normal and say that you're sorry. I'll be there with you."
Michiru: "Okay... Th-Thank you... Sniff."
Shizuka: "We're not going to get anywhere until you do that."
Michiru: "Yeah..."
*She stands up and meekly grabs the hand I extend towards her as we walk back.*
*What's going on with Michiru...?*
Ushio: "What exactly has happened to Michiru-san?"
*Mooko asks Angel directly after seeing me fidgeting, perhaps worried about me.*
Angel: "She remembered. The memories I sealed away in order to quell her rampant mana."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sealed away...?"
Ushio: "What memories were they?"
Angel: "She... committed the same mistake as I."
*She goes on to tell the story of how Michiru ended up rewriting my and our parents' souls because of a small misunderstanding.*
Angel: "'You love her'. 'You treasure her'. These thoughts were engraved into your souls."
Mitsuyoshi: "What... But even if she hadn't done something like that...!"
Ushio: "...Having remembered everything, Michiru-san can't tell if those are your true feelings... or if they're lies born from her rewriting. Is that it?"
Angel: "Exactly."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*That's why she said that it couldn't be me.*
*I'm pretty sure they're not lies, but...*
Mitsuyoshi: (A... Magie's power, huh...)
*I can't deny the power of it and the threat that it poses.*
*I've witnessed it first-hand several times already.*
Angel: "And she... let those powers run amok, just as I did..."
Mitsuyoshi: "That... fire..."
*I do remember that it was the result of Michiru's powers going rampant.*
*But I never would've imagined that it was because she rewrote our souls and they ended up combusting...*
*Our parents and our house went up in flames.*
*That said, I have no intention of blaming Michiru.*
*It was caused by powers she couldn't control.*
*Even if it was because she tried to modify our souls, she didn't know about the dangers involved...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Michiru... Now that she remembers all that, how does she feel...?)
*Maybe she doesn't even want to live anymore.*
*That's the possibility that worries me the most.*
*As if reading my mind, Angel slowly shakes her head.*
*She turns her head to the sky, as though searching for something.*
Angel: "Relax. She's crying, but she's safe. Someone is already with her."
Mitsuyoshi: "Someone found her!?"
Angel: "Yes, I can sense the presence of another person, so I'm sure she'll be fine."
Ushio: "You can tell how she's doing even though you're apart?"
Angel: "I created this dream. I can grasp most of what happens in here."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is she... not planning on coming back?"
Angel: "She seems to have calmed down now, so she should be back soon."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thank goodness..."
*I feel a bit relieved.*
*I don't know who it is, but someone's by her side apparently.*
*I'm able to breathe easy hearing that.*
Angel: "...Allow me to continue my story."
*Seeing me reassured, Angel resumes talking.*
Angel: "In order to suppress the fire, I went past the limits of my powers and perished. You read that in the diaries, correct?"
Ushio: "...Yes, we did."
Angel: "But then Mother―Lazurit shared her mana with me and saved my soul from disappearing."
Angel: "However, I lost my life in the process."
Ushio: "Normally, you would've been reborn as a new life, no?"
Angel: "Yes, that's right, but I was reborn with my consciousness intact since with her powers, Lazurit was able to house it within my soul."
*―At the very least, in order to buy you some time and place my hopes in the future, I will contain your consciousness in your soul...*
*I recall what Lazurit had said in the diary.*
*It was a spell that allowed Angel to regain her consciousness after being reborn.*
Angel: "For a while, my consciousness remained asleep in that new life. My memories and powers only awoke after several years..."
Ushio: "Is that something unusual? Was it only because of Lazurit's powers?"
Angel: "Of course. With Mother's spell, time stopped for my consciousness and it lived within my soul. But―"
*By the time her consciousness awoke, the new life had already developed its own personality.*
Mitsuyoshi: (So that's what I saw...)
*I recall the translucent figure peering into Michiru's face that night.*
Angel: "After that happened, the first thing on my mind was how to suppress the powers of the Magie of Calamity."
Angel: "The mana was slowly awakening within the new life. I was afraid of a repeat of what had happened to me if someone so young had such powers..."
Angel: "After much thought, I decided on a method that I would consider to be a last resort."
Ushio: "...A last resort?"
Angel: "I created a link between him and his sister, who was always by his side. I sent all of his powers and mana to her, effectively restraining those abilities."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wha...!?"
Ushio: "Sister... Y-You can't mean...!"
Angel: "...In the end, the plan was successful and the Magie powers were weakened, but..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait, so you're saying that Michiru is...!!"
Angel: "...Yes. Her powers are unstable and she collapses after using them because they don't belong to her..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "...They're Koga-kun's, huh? The rightful owner of your powers... and the person you were reborn as is not Michiru-san, but rather..."
Angel: "Yes. It's you, Koga Mitsuyoshi."
Mitsuyoshi: "Me...?"
Angel: "Why did you want to keep Michiru a secret? Why did you want her to be a normal girl...?"
Angel: "That's because deep down, you knew that that was the case."
Angel: "That she's a normal girl and not a Magie. The truth behind it all."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Angel: "The reason why you always tried to keep your distance from others is because you subconsciously knew that you harbored dangerous powers."
Ushio: "...Is that so?"
*When I first came to this school, I didn't even tell anyone my real name until Mooko forced it out of me.*
*That... Everything... It was all because I...*
Ushio: "So Koga has practically no mana because it's all flowing into Michiru-san...?"
Angel: "Yes. It constantly goes to her. That's why you have no mana. Not because you are a homunculus."
*Right, that was another misunderstanding.*
*I could pass through the treasury's barrier, which humans are not supposed to be able to do.*
Angel: "...I'm sorry."
*She looks at me with melancholic eyes and apologizes.*
Angel: "You are the true Magie of Calamity. Another one of me..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I feel weak at the knees, but I clench my fists and somehow manage to remain standing.*
*So I... It was my powers that Michiru used when she made that mistake...*
Mitsuyoshi: "It was me... Everything could've burned down because of me...!"
*I had unknowingly made Michiru bear all that herself.*
*If I were in her shoes, I wouldn't trust myself to not repeat what she did.*
*No, I definitely would've lost control and burned it all down, and perhaps Michiru wouldn't even be around anymore...*
Ushio: "You weren't the one who forced it onto Michiru-san!"
*She wraps her hands around me and gently caresses my trembling back.*
Ushio: "It's not your fault... There's no reason to blame yourself..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Angel: "Yes... The blame lies with me."
*With a look full of regret, Angel gives me another apologetic bow.*
Angel: "I had wanted to suppress the mana, but it ended up causing the same result anyway..."
Angel: "No, what I should have done was confirm your wishes before making a decision like that. I'm truly sorry."
Ushio: "...Was there no other option?"
Angel: "None that could suppress the Magie powers awakening within him."
*The powers would've become unmanageable for either me or Michiru, she says.*
Angel: "That's why I picked a method that could at least weaken the mana a little... but it didn't work..."
Ushio: "...It was your way of protecting them, wasn't it?"
Angel: "That was my intention, though that's not a very good excuse when it ultimately failed..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...I understand what you were trying to do."
*I feel a bit better now thanks to Mooko, and tell Angel that.*
*She looks at me, somewhat surprised.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I guess it's because I'm you? I can understand how desperate you were and how hard you were trying."
Angel: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "And well... I personally would've wanted you to leave things as they were and not burden Michiru..."
Mitsuyoshi: "But then the powers would've been even stronger, huh? I might've set the whole block on fire."
Angel: "...That is likely."
Mitsuyoshi: "Then yeah... My parents would never forgive me if I caused trouble like that for others."
*That's just how they are. They probably wouldn't have any hard feelings against Michiru if they heard the full story.*
*I bet they'd even apologize to Michiru for making her feel unwanted.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I... can't say that this was for the best, because then I'd feel sorry for Michiru. I should've been the one to shoulder this."
Mitsuyoshi: "But the fact that you tried your best to make things better... is something I completely understand."
Angel: "...Thank you."
*She smiles while partly in tears.*
Angel: "I... wanted to protect you no matter what. And I wanted to save the students I hurt..."
Angel: "Everything started from my foolish mistake. I've done nothing but selfish things... I'm really sorry."
Angel: "But for that reason, Mother contained my consciousness within my soul... For the sole purpose of keeping my promise..."
Ushio: "―! Th-That's it... With your powers, we could...!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Save... Omaru and the others...!?"
*I suddenly remember our main goal.*
*I had completely forgotten since I was so overwhelmed by the truth.*
Angel: "Will you save them for me?"
*With a serious look in her eyes, she looks back and forth between me and Mooko.*
Angel: "Do you have faith that you can use the power of the Magie of Calamity without succumbing to fear?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Faith... in myself..."
Angel: "This power has brought nothing but grief so far. People's souls are extremely delicate. One mistake, and they will all be lost forever."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*―Onii-chan... Onii-chan...*
*Memories of the fire flash through my head.*
*―Run... Onii-chan...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Me...? Take on that power...?)
*Even Angel, who was taught by Lazurit herself, ended up in tragedy...*
*Can I really handle something like that...?*
Mitsuyoshi: (Will I be able to save them...?)
Kotaro: "Don't falter!"
Kotaro: "Micchi, you can't...!! You have to destroy it...!"
Mitsuyoshi: (If only you were here now...)
Mitsuyoshi: "......!?"
*Suddenly, I feel myself being embraced from behind and come to my senses.*
Ushio: "You can do it!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko..."
Ushio: "If you're still nervous, I'll support you. I'll make up for Karasuma-kun's absence."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "...Let's do it. We'll bear the burden of it together..."
Ushio: "We'll share the pain among all of us."
*Ah, that's right.*
*Mooko was there back then too.*
*Supporting me.*
*I can feel a faint warmth welling up within my chest.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Up until now... why...)
*Why did I pretend not to notice? I pretended to know better...*
*I've come to realize for the first time how much I've been depending on this delicate girl.*
*I'm the one who's being saved here.*
*I'm scared and embarrassed to admit it, and I've been deceiving myself all this time.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ushio."
*I undo her hold on me and turn around to face her.*
Ushio: "Huh!?"
*And then... I place my hands on her surprised face and kiss her.*
Ushio: "!?!?"
*Her face instantly goes beet red.*
*Her expression is of surprise and bewilderment with traces of happiness mixed in, one that I've seen numerous times by now.*
*―It's an expression that I love.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You really love me, don't you?"
*A chuckle spills out of my mouth when I see her cute face.*
Ushio: "What!? What are you saying at a time like this!? Th-That's not..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You don't? I love you, though."
Ushio: "......!!"
*Her face grows even redder at my blunt confession, and she's rendered speechless.*
*From the corner of my eye, I see Angel gazing at Mooko's profile with amusement.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I love you."
Ushio: "Wh-Wha... What are you... Out of nowhere, umm, that's... on h-ho..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm ending that right now."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "We can't keep putting it off forever."
Ushio: "Wh-Why now of all times...!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I want to show you that I can master it. That power is strong, but I want to show you that I can handle it and bring everything to a clean end."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "It wouldn't be fair to you if I kept this thing on hold when you're supporting something so grand."
Ushio: "...Y-You could've... You could've just left it until it was all over...!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Really now?"
Ushio: "Yes, really!!"
*She nods her head furiously over and over as she glances apprehensively at Angel.*
*She's relieved―*
*I can tell.*
*She feels at ease since I have someone who will support me by my side.*
Shizuka: "Hey, I found her!"
*Hearing Murakumo's voice in the distance, I turn towards him and see that Michiru's holding his hand, with a nervous look on her face.*
Ushio: "...Welcome back."
*Mooko instantly regains her composure and greets them.*
*She sure changes gears quickly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Michiru."
Michiru: "......"
*Her eyes are swollen from crying.*
*She opens her mouth, looking like she wants to say something, but closes it again. She repeats this several times while fidgeting.*
Shizuka: "Come on. You made up your mind, didn't you?"
Michiru: "Y-Yeah..."
*Urged on by Murakumo, she looks up straight into my eyes with a serious look on her face.*
Michiru: "I... I'm sorry...!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...It's fine."
Michiru: "Huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I heard the full story from Angel. I'm sorry too, for making you go through all that."
Michiru: "H-Huh? What do you mean...?"
Shizuka: "What's this about?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, does Michiru not know about this?"
Angel: "She doesn't."
Mitsuyoshi: "Tell me that sooner, will you!?"
Shizuka: "Again, what're you talking about?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, Michiru, it looks like those powers of yours were originally mine to begin with."
Michiru: "...Huh?"
*I briefly explain to them what Angel told me and Mooko about the link that causes all my mana to flow to Michiru.*
Shizuka: "Huh!? What the hell!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's why you've always been frail."
Michiru: "...I-I see."
Shizuka: "Why'd she have to make things so complicated...?"
Ushio: "There were unavoidable circumstances."
*She gives the dismayed Murakumo a little more information.*
*Meanwhile, I turn back to face Michiru.*
Mitsuyoshi: "So anyway, don't beat yourself up about how it's all your fault. It's not yours alone."
Michiru: "Onii-chan..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What's done is done. I'm sure Mom and Dad would forgive you for it."
Michiru: "...You really think so?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. Mom, Dad, and I all know that you didn't mean any harm. You were just lonely."
Michiru: "......"
*Tears form in her eyes again.*
*In an attempt to stop them, I comb my fingers through her bangs and pet her head.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't cry now. Everything will be all right."
Michiru: "Yeah... I'm sorry... I'm sorry, Onii-chan... I'll undo everything..."
*She clings to my chest as she says that.*
*I feel something warm flowing into me from Michiru's hands.*
Michiru: "Begone... All of them. All of my lies... Disappear from Onii-chan..."
*I can tell that something that was irritating me from within has been removed.*
*Stress about Michiru's circumstances, the obsession of prioritizing her above all else...*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Ah, but...)
*Those were the only things that disappeared.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It didn't change."
Michiru: "Huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "To me, you're still my cute and precious little sister."
Michiru: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "It looks like it wasn't because of your doodling."
Michiru: "Onii... Onii-chan..."
Mitsuyoshi: "So you can stop worrying now."
*For a while, she stares at me blankly, but then―*
Michiru: "Uu... uu... uwaaaaaaahhhhhh... ahhhh...!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Hey..."
*As if a dam inside of her had burst, she starts crying with all her might while clinging to me.*
Michiru: "Onii-chan...!! I'm sorry, Onii-chan... Onii-chaaaan!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, okay, I get it already. There, there."
Michiru: "U-Uu... Sob... Fuee..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Come on now, stop it with the waterworks."
Michiru: "Uu, okay... Sniff..."
Angel: "...The link that's been connecting your mana all this time. Do you mind if I sever it now?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Fine by me."
Michiru: "......"
Angel: "After that, both of you will return to your original selves. In other words, Michiru will become a normal human being, and you... will become the Magie of Calamity."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Bring it on."
*She nods and places her hands on me and Michiru.*
*A ribbon of light connecting us comes into view.*
Michiru: "...It's pretty."
*Silently, the light moves away from Michiru towards me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "With this, you'll..."
Michiru: "...Yeah."
*Fragments of light spill through Angel's fingers.*
*They flutter in the air before disappearing.*
*I get the feeling that I've seen a similar scene a long, long time ago.*
*―That's right. It was a flower that bloomed for only a moment in the morning sun.*
*I came to know about it somehow and wanted to see it someday.*
*The petals of light shine feebly as they disperse.*
Michiru: "Thank you... Onii-chan."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I look over at Angel.*
*She looks right back at me and nods.*
Angel: "...Now then, this dream world will soon disappear."
*I can feel my consciousness rising up.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Ah, this is...)
*It's the floaty feeling I get when I'm on the verge of waking up.*
*Wondering what's happening with Angel, I see that she's standing and gazing forlornly at Hina-san.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Are you sure you don't want to say anything to her?"
Angel: "......"
*With a sad look in her eyes, she says nothing and simply nods while smiling...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Oh."
*The next thing I know, all of us are back in the world with the magic circle.*
Tsubaki: "Huh? We're back?"
Kasumi: "When did we..."
Adelheid: "...How long were we in the dream world for?"
Louis: "Only a few seconds."
*It looks like we all lost consciousness for a couple of seconds.*
Shizuka: "The principal and the others are still asleep."
Ulrick: "That's perfect for us."
*The principal, Momo-senpai, and Hina-san are all out cold.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Huh!? Is this...!?)
*I feel a mighty power coursing through me.*
*It's clear that the Magie powers that were being sent to Michiru have returned.*
Tsubaki: "Mii-kun, what's this power I feel coming from you...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Oh, it originally belonged to me. I got it back from Michiru."
Kasumi: "It makes me feel tingly just from being near you!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Michiru, how are you feeling?"
Michiru: "I couldn't be better. It's like I got a load off my back."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's great."
Ushio: "Koga-kun, the magic circle!!"
*Looking up at the sky, I see it getting brighter.*
Adelheid: "It's absorbed quite a lot of mana by now. We need to stop it quickly!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...I guess we don't have the time to explain anything to Hina-san right now."
Shizuka: "We can do that after!"
Mitsuyoshi: "But how are we..."
*I contemplate how to use this power to destroy that magic circle in the air.*
*Suddenly, Angel faintly appears before me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh?"
*But it seems like I'm the only one who notices.*
*She's visible only to me.*
Angel: "This power is one that operates directly on souls. Mana is the power of the soul. You should be able to destroy this entire space."
*As she says that, she raises a hand up in the air. Does she want me to copy her?*
Mitsuyoshi: "Like this?"
Angel: "You don't need to hold back. It's the perfect opportunity for a test drive of your powers, no?"
*She smiles and vanishes after leaving those words.*
Ushio: "Koga-kun, can you do it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "―Leave it to me."
Michiru: "Onii-chan... Your eyes..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Michiru: "They're red."
*The insides of my eyes feel hot.*
*My vision hasn't changed, but I can tell that my eyes are dyed a fiery red.*
*I take a deep breath in an effort to contain my overflowing power and prevent it from going out of control.*
*I try moving my extended arm as if I were plucking away the magic circle, together with the whole space.*
Kasumi: "Whoa!? A-Amazing..."
Tsubaki: "It's starting to collapse!!"
*The magic circle tears apart, and pieces of it crumble down.*
Louis: "...No, hold on. It's repairing itself rapidly."
*Taking a closer look, I see that the tear in it is regenerating at an incredible pace.*
Adelheid: "There should be a few cornerstones in it!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Cornerstones?"
Adelheid: "We won't make it in time if you try to destroy the whole thing. Aim for its vital spots!"
Mitsuyoshi: "All right! Where are they!?"
Adelheid: "I can't tell... Tsubaki!"
Kasumi: "Here, use my mana, Hime-chan!"
*As I am right now, I can clearly sense the mana that's moving between them.*
Kasumi: "I'm sure Hime-chan will be able to tell!"
Tsubaki: "Okay... Thank you!"
*After receiving what little mana remains in Sumi-chan, she looks up at the sky.*
Tsubaki: "―I can see them! I can tell from the fluctuations of the circle. There are three spots!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Where are they, Tsubaki-chan!?"
Tsubaki: "The top left... beside that hook-shaped symbol, and diagonally downwards from there to the outer edge!"
*I follow her instructions and search for those cornerstones.*
Mitsuyoshi: (But still, given how fast it regenerates...)
*By the time I get to the third one, the first one might already be fully repaired.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Maybe I should increase the damage I do at each spot? Would that buy me enough time?)
Louis: "Koga! I'll hold back the regeneration somehow, so just do it!"
*While I'm hesitating, Louis yells at me angrily.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Thanks!"
Louis: "Hurry up. You're the only one who..."
Hina: "―Stop it!!!"
*I turn to face the scream and see that Hina-san had woken up at some point and is desperately staggering to her feet.*
Hina: "Stop it! Don't destroy it! I'm begging you!"
*I can see power converging to her hands.*
*Is she trying to wring out the last of her power and stop time?*
Mitsuyoshi: "Just shut up and watch!"
Hina: "!?"
*She flinches at my voice and freezes up.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll save the Night students!"
Hina: "......"
Tsubaki: "Mii-kun, the last one's in the middle! Right in the middle of the circle!"
Mitsuyoshi: "―Got it. Thanks, Tsubaki-chan."
*I charge up my mana and extend my arm towards each of the places she indicated to me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "First one―"
*With a creaking sound, the magic circle crumbles as if it were being torn away from the sky.*
*The top left looks like it's peeling off.*
*I can feel the magic circle's regenerative power colliding with the vibrations of Louis's.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Next is here, huh?"
*I picture my hand holding onto the perimeter and rip it away.*
Hina: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "...This is the last one."
*I focus my mana on the middle of the magic circle and thrust my fist up, as if I were throwing a punch.*
*A conspicuously loud noise reverberates and a crevice runs through the center of the circle.*
*When it reaches the other two spots, an even deeper rift forms.*
Hina: "......"
*The spell she worked on for 20 years is disintegrating before her.*
*Even so, she doesn't budge.*
Louis: "...It's over. The repairs won't be able to keep up anymore."
*He lowers his arms.*
Adelheid: "It's over...? Really?"
Tsubaki: "Yeah... Look, it's all falling apart..."
Kasumi: "You're right..."
*The luminous parts of the circle scatter like stardust as they crumble from the sky.*
*Rubble and debris come raining down...*
*And the light in the magic circle slowly fades―*
Louis: "Hey, we're getting out of here. This place won't last much longer."
Shizuka: "Oh yeah! We were going to destroy this whole world to begin with!!"
Kasumi: "The key! Oh, wait, don't I have it!?"
Ushio: "I was holding onto it for you. Here you go."
Tsubaki: "What do we do about the principal and Shogoin-senpai?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's carry them back. I'd feel bad leaving them here."
Ulrick: "...Fine, I'll help."
Kasumi: "Where to!?"
Ushio: "The principal's office for now. We need to discuss how we want to deal with them."
Kasumi: "Got it!"
*One by one, we run through the door that Sumi-chan opens with the Key of Janus.*
Tsubaki: "Hina-san, quickly!"
Hina: "Huh..."
Mitsuyoshi: "This way, now!"
*I call out to her with the principal on my back, and with a perplexed expression on her face, she obediently follows us.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Phew..."
*I put the principal down on the sofa.*
Louis: "Can you handle things from here...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Probably."
Louis: "Okay, it's all on you guys..."
Adelheid: "Louis!"
*He collapses on the spot after saying that.*
*He seems to have reached his limit.*
Ulrick: "It's all because you pushed yourself like that...!!"
*When I focus my eyes, I can see that Louis is indeed drained of mana.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, Tsubaki-chan and Sumi-chan, you two should probably rest too."
Kasumi: "Okay... Thanks."
Tsubaki: "Don't mind if I do..."
*They both sit down on the spot, looking exhausted.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Now then..."
Hina: "......"
Ushio: "We won't get anywhere without talking."
Hina: "...To me?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. You see, we... met Angel earlier in the dream world."
Hina: "An...gel..."
Ushio: "Your mother."
Hina: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "You can't remember?"
Hina: "...I don't know... I think I've heard that name before, but..."
*As written in the diary, Hina-san has almost no recollection of her time as Sedmy due to her extended period of loneliness.*
Mitsuyoshi: (That's why Angel didn't talk to her...)
*She was looking at Hina-san with such lonely eyes.*
*She knew that her own creation had forgotten about her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Let me get this out of the way first. I'm the Magie of Calamity that you're looking for."
Hina: "Magie of..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I can repair the souls of the Night students. That's why you don't need to go through that ridiculous ritual anymore, nor do you need to fight us."
Hina: "......"
*She looks like she's slowly trying to parse what I'm saying.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Can you lead us to where the Night students are? I'll make sure I save them."
Ushio: "We heard that it's a place only you are able to access. Please, we want to save them as well."
Hina: "Save them... They can be saved?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, so please take us to where they are."
Hina: "......"
*She stares at me, looking confused.*
Hina: "Is that an order?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Hina: "I don't really remember, but I think my mother was a 'Magie of Calamity'... If you are one, then that means you are my master, no?"
Hina: "That's why I obeyed when you told me to shut up and watch."
*So that's what it was.*
*And here I thought that she was actually being reasonable for once...*
Fuhito: "I can't believe it...!!"
*A certain someone awakens energetically from her slumber.*
Momoka: "Fuee...?"
*Momo-senpai also gets up dazedly, seemingly awoken by the principal's vigor.*
Fuhito: "Koga-kun is... Mother's mother!?"
Hina: "Yes."
Fuhito: "So does this mean that you'll do as he says?"
Hina: "Yes."
Shizuka: "Y-You got a problem with that?"
Fuhito: "Of course not! If that's what Mother decided, then we're happy to oblige!! Hahahahaha!!"
Momoka: "I'll follow Mother, too!"
*Even though they were frantically trying to get in our way not too long ago, they obediently sit on the sofa side by side as though they're completely different people now.*
Mitsuyoshi: "W-Well... I'm glad things didn't have to get messy..."
*They're homunculi, through and through.*
*All they know is to follow Hina-san's orders.*
*It really throws me for a loop though...*
Hina: "Again, please give me your order, Master."
*After seeing the two of them sit down, Hina-san faces me and says that.*
Mitsuyoshi: "No... This isn't an order."
Hina: "It's... not?"
*My words baffle her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You're not a doll. You have a soul and a heart. You should do what you want to do, and what you think is right."
Hina: "......"
*She stares at me vacantly for a bit before she's able to respond.*
Hina: "I... I have to save the Night students, no matter what..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Do you want to save them?"
Hina: "...Yes."
Mitsuyoshi: "Do you yourself want to save Iba-senpai, Furoya, Kasuga... Omaru and the rest of them, not just because someone ordered you to?"
Hina: "Yes... Iba... Iba... Kumiko..."
Ushio: "Do you remember her now?"
Mitsuyoshi: "The two of you were close friends."
Hina: "......"
*Her eyes, previously clouded with confusion, have now cleared up.*
*She understands.*
Hina: "Kumi... Kumi-chan...! We've... been friends for a long time..."
Hina: "She was always by my side... She said she didn't care that I wasn't human... and not to worry about it..."
Shizuka: "...She was a really good friend, huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Do you want to save her?"
Hina: "―Yes, I do."
*She firmly declares that.*
*It's not because of an order or some preconception. She decided that of her own free will.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's do just that then. Could you take us to where they are?"
Hina: "...Not everyone."
Ushio: "Ah, now that you mention it, the space where time is stopped can't handle too many people, right?"
Hina: "Yes."
Mitsuyoshi: "How many can we bring?"
Hina: "...Maybe three, at most four. That's the limit."
Adelheid: "We'll leave it to you then."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, let's leave it to the Bureau members."
Michiru: "...I'll wait here."
*Heidi and the resting Tsubaki-chan voice their opinions at almost the same time.*
Ushio: "Well then―"
Mitsuyoshi: "The Bureau members it is."
Shizuka: "Yeah."
*Mooko, Murakumo, and I naturally gather beside Hina-san.*
Hina: "Okay. I'm opening the gate."
*She traces something in the air.*
*A thin rift appears, which slowly expands.*
Hina: "...Come in."
*She beckons us as she walks through it.*
*The three of us follow her inside.*
*It's a dark and mysterious place.*
*Several cubical crystalline objects are floating in the air.*
Hina: "Everyone's inside those."
Ushio: "The Night students are inside those cubes?"
Hina: "Yes."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I strain my eyes and concentrate.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, they're definitely there."
*I can detect the presences of people sleeping inside those cubes, as well as the wavering of their damaged souls.*
Shizuka: "There's one more than the number of west dorm students. The numbers match up."
*Murakumo says that after doing a quick count of them.*
*The number of west dorm students. The last one is Omaru.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Still... there are so many of them. I'd love to get through them all at once, but I wonder if I have the mana for that."
Ushio: "Speaking of which..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Ushio: "Shouldn't you have a large store of Lazurit Bloodstones that you were going to use for the ritual?"
Hina: "If you need them, I can bring them here."
Mitsuyoshi: "Please do."
*She apparently asked the principal and Momo-senpai through Ninomae-kun to retrieve the stones.*
*I think it was mentioned in the diary that that ermine was a communication device, come to think of it.*
Hina: "They're in the west dorm students' rooms."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see."
*Soon enough, the principal and Momo-senpai come running in with a ton of Lazurit Bloodstones.*
Fuhito: "My, my, sorry for the wait!!"
Momoka: "Thanks for your patience~"
*And behind them is―*
Mutsuki: "Moo-chaaaan!!"
Ushio: "Mutsuki...!?"
*Hanatate comes flying in.*
Fuhito: "Whoa!? Hey, didn't I tell you that you weren't allowed to follow us!?"
*Completely ignoring the principal, Hanatate runs up to Mooko as fast as she can and hugs her.*
Mutsuki: "I missed you so much~!!"
Ushio: "Mutsuki, thank goodness... You're safe..."
Shizuka: "Why is she here...?"
Fuhito: "Because the ritual fell through, all the west dorm students are awake now and it's a huge mess!!"
Momoka: "They're all in a panic since they're suddenly back at the school even though it's still the holidays!"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's to be expected..."
Ushio: "Please send all of them back home. Not with magic, but by normal means."
Hina: "...Go do that, Fuhito, Momoka."
Fuhito: "We're on it! We just have to send them all back home again, right? Roger that!!"
Momoka: "We'll be back later~"
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't do anything funny, all right!? Get them back normally with a bus!!"
Fuhito: "I heard you the first time! Ha ha ha ha ha ha..."
*She laughs boisterously, which worries me somewhat, and the two homunculi leave for the dorms.*
Hina: "...It'll be okay. It's an order, so they'll do as they're told."
Ushio: "I understand. We'll leave it to them."
*I do the same and notice that there are some markings engraved in it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Can they be used as-is?"
*Upon hearing that, she takes out yet another stone from her pocket.*
Hina: "If you use this nucleating stone, the others will synchronize with it and activate the spell simultaneously."
Ushio: "I see. They would all work together. If we place a stone by each of the Night students, then..."
Hina: "Yes. All of the stones would synchronize and you may be able to repair everyone's souls at the same time."
Shizuka: "So we just have to put one in each of the boxes? Let's get to it then!"
Mutsuki: "Okay, let me help too!!"
*She raises a hand energetically.*
*We all split up and get to work.*
Mutsuki: "That's another one."
Ushio: "They slide in quite easily."
Mutsuki: "At this rate, we'll be done in no time!"
*I doubt Hanatate even knows what's going on right now, but she's working hard because she knows that she can ask about it later.*
Shizuka: "I'm done."
Mutsuki: "Same here."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*As I'm inserting stones into the boxes one by one, I finally reach the one that's been on my mind the entire time.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Hey there, Omaru.)
*When I was first looking around, I could instantly tell that this one was his.*
Hina: "That looks like all of them."
Mitsuyoshi: "...All right."
*I hold the nucleating stone to my forehead and call out to her within my heart.*
Mitsuyoshi: (―Angel.)
Angel: "I'm here."
*I can feel her presence appear by my side.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Am I properly controlling my powers right now?)
Angel: "Yes."
Mitsuyoshi: (I see...)
*If she says so, then I have no reason to be worried.*
Ushio: "......"
*To Mooko and the others who can't see Angel, I probably look like I'm just concentrating.*
*I feel their souls wavering worriedly, perhaps because I've gone so long without saying a word.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...How do I save them?)
Angel: "Be gentle, as you would with anything fragile, and supply them with mana, enveloping them with it. Picture yourself filling in their wounds."
Mitsuyoshi: (Got it. I'll give it a shot.)
Angel: "Well then..."
Mitsuyoshi: (Oh, hold on.)
Angel: "Yes?"
Mitsuyoshi: (Are you sure you don't want to talk to Hina-san... to Sedmy?)
*I can tell that she's shaking her head again.*
Angel: "What you said earlier was correct."
Mitsuyoshi: (What I said?)
Angel: "She's not a doll. Even though she's a homunculus, she has a soul, and is infinitely close to being a human. She doesn't need a master anymore..."
*Her presence vanishes after she says that.*
*...If that's what she's decided, then I'll respect her wishes.*
*I take a deep breath and calm myself down.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Envelop them... Filling in their wounds...)
*I pour my mana into the nucleating stone and do as Angel instructed.*
*I open my eyes and look at the stone.*
*It's giving off a faint glow, and so do the boxes, as if they were all resonating with one another.*
Hina: "They're synchronized..."
Ushio: "It's going smoothly. Keep it up, Koga-kun...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
*I guide the light inside the boxes to surround the damaged souls.*
*It wraps around their trembling wounds.*
*And then I feel the scars disappearing.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Just a little more... I have to get rid of all of them, even the smallest ones...)
*I focus on the nucleating stone again and give it more of my mana.*
Ushio: "...? Koga-kun, the stone's starting to shine really brightly..."
Hina: "...You're putting in too much of your mana. Hold back a bit."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Okay..."
*I panicked.*
*Deep breaths, deep breaths.*
*Controlling my mana is a much more delicate and difficult affair than I thought it'd be.*
Mitsuyoshi: (This kind of careful work is extremely outside of my comfort zone.)
*But I can't back out now.*
*I pull myself together and concentrate on the stone.*
Ushio: "Koga-kun... Don't lose hope..."
*I can hear her praying for me from behind.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Yeah... I did promise her after all.)
*That I'd be able to handle this power.*
*If she's supporting me, then I―*
*I can sense a familiar presence from the box before me.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Just wait. It's almost over...)
*My mana doesn't go out of control, and moves through the nucleating stone to all the boxes.*
*I'll be able to see him again very soon.*
*The moment I think that, the stone and boxes emit a blindingly bright light.*
*The entire room is immersed in it, and I feel like I'm floating.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*The light slowly dissipates and I'm able to see the room again.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...We finally meet again."
Kotaro: "...Mm..."
*With his arms wrapped around his knees, curled into a ball, he stirs and slowly opens his eyes.*
*With a crack, the Lazurit Bloodstone that rolls out from the box shatters and disappears.*
Ushio: "......! The Lazurit Bloodstones are...!"
*They fall out from the boxes one after the other and break in a similar fashion.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I used up all the mana they had..."
Shizuka: "Are you okay?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. Hina-san, could you open up the other boxes?"
*She nods and places a hand on one nearby.*
*Hesitating, she opens it carefully, as if she were untying a thread.*
*It must be tough for her since up until now, the soul would always combust again whenever the box was opened.*
Hina: "...It's not burning..."
*Her voice is tinged with surprise and happiness as she looks at the student inside.*
Hina: "Everyone... Come on out... It's all right now. Nobody's on fire anymore..."
*She goes around opening all the remaining boxes.*
Male Student A: "...Huh? Where am I?"
Female Student A: "Fwaah... I'm so tired..."
*The students wake up from their slumber, confused by their surroundings.*
*As does the one before my eyes.*
Kotaro: "Fwaah, morning."
*He rubs his eyes as he gets out of his box.*
Kotaro: "...Oh... Micchi...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yo."
*...I had so much I wanted to talk to him about.*
*But I'm at a loss as to what to say.*
Ushio: "Karasuma-kun...!!"
*Mooko and Murakumo come running towards us.*
*On the other side of the room, I see Hina-san running up to Iba-senpai.*
Kotaro: "Oh, Ushio-san. Huh, where are we?"
Shizuka: "Is he still half-asleep?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I can't blame him. He's been asleep for 20 years after all."
Kotaro: "20... years... Ahhhh!"
*It seems that he's finally realized what's going on, and he lets out an alarmed voice as he looks around at us.*
Kotaro: "Huh? What? Why? Didn't I disappear already?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That body is yours. Relax."
Kotaro: "...It's mine?"
Ushio: "Yes, Karasuma-kun. Koga-kun repaired your damaged soul."
Shizuka: "You're not possessing anyone anymore, so there's no need to get worked up."
Kotaro: "Micchi did? Really?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
Kotaro: "I'm not taking over someone else's body again? I can continue living like this?"
Mutsuki: "You sure can! Look, I'm right here!"
*Hanatate, who'd been quiet up until now, steps forward with a smile on her face and speaks to Omaru.*
Kotaro: "Huh?"
Mutsuki: "Hehe, nice to meet you. My name's Hanatate Mutsuki."
Kotaro: "Hanatate-san... Ahh, you're the friend that Ushio-san was looking for!"
Ushio: "Your soul was possessing Mutsuki's body. That's why I could never find her."
Kotaro: "R-R-R-Really!? I'm so sorry for causing you so much trouble..."
Mutsuki: "You didn't do anything wrong, Karasuma-kun. If anything, you used up all your power knowing that you'd disappear in order to save me, didn't you?"
Kotaro: "Umm, well, yes... I guess..."
Mutsuki: "Thank you for saving me!"
Kotaro: "Y-You're welcome."
*He awkwardly shakes Mutsuki's extended hand.*
Mutsuki: "Phew! I finally managed to thank you!"
Ushio: "...Mutsuki, is that why you forced your way in here?"
Mutsuki: "The principal told me that the Night students were going to be saved, so I had to!"
Shizuka: "You sure have a strong sense of morals..."
Kotaro: "But, umm, thank you, everyone. You all worked hard to get here, didn't you?"
Ushio: "Well, there was quite a lot that happened."
Kotaro: "Thank you... It still feels like I'm dreaming."
Mitsuyoshi: "You already woke up long ago."
*I place a hand on his shoulder and squeeze it as hard as I can.*
Kotaro: "Oww! You're still as strong as ever, Micchi!!"
*As he says that, he grabs my hand and―*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
*He pulls it away from his shoulder with relatively little effort.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I never knew you were this strong!"
Kotaro: "That's right. Didn't I say before that I was confident in my physical strength?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I-It all makes sense now..."
*He was in Hanatate's body before, which accounts for his weakness.*
Neko: "Whoa!? Koga-kun!"
Mayumi: "Ah, Senpai!"
*I hear some more familiar voices coming from the bustling crowd of students.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Furoya."
Ushio: "Good morning, you two."
Neko: "Good morning!"
Mayumi: "Everyone's saying that you all saved them."
Kumiko: "...Thank you all so much."
*Iba-senpai appears alongside Hina-san.*
Kumiko: "I heard from Hina. It sounds like she caused you guys a lot of trouble."
Hina: "...I'm sorry."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, it's fine. What's done is done."
Ushio: "Indeed... And as you can see, everything turned out okay."
Kumiko: "Looks like it."
Neko: "Amazing...! I can't believe you saved us...!"
Mayumi: "Thank you very much!!"
*All the other students also give us bows and words of gratitude.*
*We're all embarrassed to be at the centre of attention.*
Neko: "Ahh... I knew it... Prince Charming came to save me from that evil magic...!"
Mayumi: "N-Neko-chan?"
*One of them seems to be off in her own little world and I pretend not to notice.*
Kotaro: "...So what's going to happen to us now?"
Ushio: "Ah, well..."
Kumiko: "We can't go back to our own school now, can we?"
Hina: "...Over there."
*In response to Iba-senpai's question, she points to the back of the room.*
Ushio: "A door?"
Hina: "That is a special door from when Lazurit created this space. It connects to the past."
Mitsuyoshi: "You mean to 20 years ago?"
Hina: "Yes. When the students of the past leave through that door, they'll return to their original time period."
Kumiko: "Huh, is that so?"
Ushio: "So you're saying that even if we passed through it, it wouldn't do anything to us?"
Hina: "...You wouldn't be able to. It won't let anyone who has been in a different time period through."
Mayumi: "Will we be okay even though we attended the Night school?"
Hina: "Only your souls were summoned so there's no problem. It was a transient stay."
*It would've been a disaster if I had made a mistake and accidentally brought them out of this space.*
*I'm really glad that didn't happen.*
*Seemingly having realized the same thing, Mooko gives a sigh of relief.*
Mitsuyoshi: (But now that means...)
*Once they go through that door, it really will be goodbye.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hey, Omaru."
Kotaro: "Yeah?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Do you mind if I borrow your notes from math class?"
Kotaro: "My notes? Sure, they should be in my room, so go ahead and take them."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks a bunch. I slept through a couple classes and my notes are completely blank on those days..."
Kotaro: "Geez, you never change, do you?"
*He laughs, at a loss for words at my behaviour.*
*It'll be my last time seeing this face, huh...?*
Kotaro: "...But I guess I don't have to worry about you anymore, Ushio-san."
Ushio: "Huh?"
Kotaro: "Did the two of you get closer while I was asleep? That's the feeling I'm getting."
Mutsuki: "Oh, as expected of the former me! You're sharp!!"
Kotaro: "Ah, I knew it! There's a different atmosphere around you two when you're together now."
Ushio: "Huh? What? Umm, n-no... Huh?"
Shizuka: "You've really been watching them a lot, haven't you?"
Ushio: "Not you too, Murakumo-kun!"
Shizuka: "This is better than making him worry about you, isn't it?"
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "I guess so."
Kotaro: "You'll let me rest easy when I head back, won't you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah. You don't need to worry about us."
Ushio: "......"
*She wants to say something to hide her embarrassment but can't come up with anything... That's the feeling I'm getting from Mooko as she looks down with her face beet red.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...I guess this is goodbye then."
Kotaro: "Yeah..."
*As reluctant as I am, Omaru and the other students are from 20 years ago.*
*It's obvious that they should go back to their own time period.*
Neko: "Uu... We'll miss you..."
Ushio: "Yes, please take care."
Mayumi: "Thank you again for everything. I'll never forget all of you!"
Ushio: "That's good to hear, but Kasuga-san, from now on please make sure you don't forget your own belongings."
Mayumi: "Fue!? Ah, y-yes... I'll be careful... Yes..."
Neko: "Thank you...! Goodbye..."
Mayumi: "Neko-chan... Don't cry so much..."
*As she weeps, Furoya takes turns shaking each of our hands and thanking us.*
*The Night students also look somewhat reluctant to part as they head towards the exit.*
Neko: "U-Umm...! Koga-kun!!"
*Furoya, who was on her way out with Kasuga, seems to have made up her mind on something and comes running back this way.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What is it?"
Neko: "Umm, could... Could you maybe give me something to remember you by...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Like what?"
Neko: "U-Umm, tights... No, that's not it! Umm, umm, what about..."
Neko: "Your underwear?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you telling me to strip!?"
Neko: "Hawa!? Th-That's not allowed, right!? Ahhh, what am I saying...!?"
Ushio: "...Regardless, I don't think that it would be wise to bring something back from this time period."
*Don't glare at her that hard, Mooko.*
*You're scaring her.*
Neko: "Uu, you're right... I'm sorry..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Anyway, take care."
Neko: "Th-Thanks! All of you take care as well!"
*She says that cheerfully, though with a somewhat sad expression, and departs.*
*She's not a bad person, but...*
Shizuka: "You better not start telling other people that you went to school 20 years in the future."
Kumiko: "Ahaha, I know. Nobody would believe me anyway."
Hina: "...When you get back, not much time will have passed."
Kumiko: "Okay. I just have to pretend that I ran out from the burning building, right?"
Hina: "Yes."
Kumiko: "Hmm? Hina, you're not coming back with us?"
Hina: "...I can't go through that door anymore."
Kumiko: "Oh... I see."
Hina: "Sorry..."
Kumiko: "Don't apologize!"
Hina: "Kyaa!?"
*Iba-senpai hugs Hina-san as hard as she can.*
Kumiko: "It's okay. We'll be friends forever, even though we'll be apart."
Hina: "...Kumi-chan."
Kumiko: "I'll never forget you, Hina."
Hina: "...Me neither..."
*Tears roll down Hina-san's cheeks.*
*If she were a doll, she would never experience this feeling.*
Kumiko: "Goodbye, Hina."
Hina: "...Goodbye, Kumi-chan. I love you."
Kumiko: "I know. I do, too."
*With a smile on her face, Iba-senpai heads for the door back to the past.*
Hina: "...Well then."
*To me, the other side of the door is blindingly bright and I can't see anything there.*
Kotaro: "...It's my turn now."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
Ushio: "Take care, Karasuma-kun."
Shizuka: "See you."
Mutsuki: "Thank you!"
Kotaro: "All right then..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Omaru."
Kotaro: "Hmm?"
Mitsuyoshi: "If in 20 years... you still remember us..."
*I don't know if it'll be possible.*
*His memories of the future might disappear once he returns to his own time, but still...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Come pay us a visit, okay?"
Kotaro: "―Sure! I promise!"
*He nods, his face beaming.*
Kotaro: "Take care, everyone!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, you too!"
*He gives us a big wave before running through the door.*
Kotaro: "...See you!"
*And then... the door closes.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...See you."
*―The next day.*
*After seeing the Night students off, we all slept like logs until the afternoon, our exhaustion having caught up with us now that everything was resolved.*
Tsubaki: "...You're leaving pretty quickly, aren't you?"
Adelheid: "We told the rest of the family that we'd return once everything was finished here."
Ushio: "We'll miss having you around."
Kasumi: "It's too bad. I would've loved to have tea with you again."
Mutsuki: "Me too! I just managed to get back after all."
*After things settled down a bit, the Germans said that they would be returning home at once, so we hurriedly came to see them off.*
Adelheid: "Sorry about that. I would've liked to take my time as well, but..."
Ulrick: "The airplane is ready for you."
Adelheid: "...As you can see."
*Heidi shrugs.*
*Hanatate and the others burst out laughing at that gesture.*
Mutsuki: "Ahaha! I guess there's nothing you can do about it."
Kasumi: "You have your own busy life to attend to."
Michiru: "Hehehe...!"
Adelheid: "Geez, what's with all of you? I was planning on coming back once the main family's mood recovers, but maybe I won't anymore."
Mutsuki: "Ahh, I was just kidding! Please, come visit again!"
Michiru: "...Yes, please."
Kasumi: "Yeah, I'll have some special teas ready when you do."
Adelheid: "...Really?"
Mutsuki: "Yes, really!"
Tsubaki: "We'd love to have you here again, especially once Suwa-san comes back from the holidays."
Adelheid: "...If you insist, then I'll consider it."
*She puts on airs and brushes her hair back with her hand.*
Kasumi: "Ahahaha, you're really playing the part."
Adelheid: "Of course. I'm the head of an affluent family, after all. Hehe."
Mutsuki: "Ahahahaha..."
*The girls happily laugh together.*
Louis: "...Hey, come over here."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
*Just as I think that Louis is being surprisingly quiet, he whispers to me.*
*We slowly walk away from the others and he asks me, sounding slightly anxious:*
Louis: "Could you turn me back into a man with your powers?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Turn you back? Hmm, I have no idea."
Louis: "Please."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not really used to my powers yet, and I want to avoid using them if I can..."
Louis: "It's a matter of life and death for me. I'm begging you."
*He's really desperate.*
*I concede to his insistence and concentrate on his soul.*
Louis: "...Well?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Whoa, this is..."
Louis: "What did you see?"
Mitsuyoshi: "They're mixed together. It's clearly different from other people's."
Louis: "Mixed together...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Two souls are mixed together, like the swirls you'd see in a marble."
Louis: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "They're so tightly coupled that... I don't think I'd be able to do anything about it..."
Louis: "I... I see..."
*He sounds like he's been plunged straight into hell and is visibly depressed.*
*He mutters to himself as he trudges back to where Heidi and the others are.*
Louis: "I don't want to go back... Why did I promise them something like that...? I want to punch the past me in the face."
*I wonder what sort of promise he made.*
*It looks like there's something dreadful awaiting him back at home.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I feel bad for him, but I don't think even a Magie could tear those two souls apart...)
*And if I forcefully overwrote it, who knows what would happen?*
*It'd be better to err on the side of caution.*
Louis: "It's all your fault for being incompatible...!"
Ulrick: "Huh? What are you talking about?"
Louis: "Don't think that stubbornly obeying orders is a sign of loyalty. Are you a homunculus? A relative of the principal?"
Ulrick: "Hey, where did this come from...?"
Louis: "Do you have no free will of your own, you oaf? Even a monkey can follow orders. Is that supposed to be a sign of your competence?"
Ulrick: "I-I just want the family's wishes to..."
Louis: "Is the word 'flexibility' not in your dictionary? I'm amazed that anyone considers you to be competent. You ended up brute forcing your way through, and you even turned into their puppet. Some trump card you are."
Ulrick: "Guh..."
Louis: "Weren't you the one who said, 'I would not make the mistake of being caught and hypnotized by the enemy'? And by then you had done just that."
Ulrick: "Th-That's..."
*Even so, Louis doesn't stop disparaging his brother.*
Shizuka: "...Hey, what's gotten into the butler?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not sure. From what I can tell, it looks like there's something troublesome waiting for him back home."
Shizuka: "So he's just taking out his anger on Ulrick, huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, just leave them alone."
Ulrick: "I-I... just wanted to obey the family's wishes..."
Louis: "How is that any different from being a homunculus then? Are you really human? Where's your sense of pride?"
Ulrick: "......"
Adelheid: "Okay, enough of that already!"
Louis: "Ja."
*Finally satisfied, Louis shuts his mouth and looks away from his stepbrother.*
*Come to think of it, Louis is the true head of the family, and Ulrick was just directly criticized by him.*
*It makes sense that he's depressed...*
Adelheid: "We're heading back now! Cheer up, Ulrick!"
Ulrick: "...Okay."
Louis: "Hmph."
*Heidi is practically dragging Ulrick, who has his head drooping, through the main gate.*
Adelheid: "Well then, have a nice day, everyone."
Louis: "...See you."
Ulrick: "Please excuse us..."
Mutsuki: "See you later!"
Kasumi: "Take care! Come visit again sometime!"
Ushio: "You're always welcome here."
*Heidi energetically waves her hand while the other two walk away with slumped shoulders.*
Mutsuki: "...And they're gone."
Tsubaki: "Let's go back. We're supposed to be on break as well, so we should get packed up and head home."
Kasumi: "Oh, I totally forgot about that! Help me out, Shii-chan!"
Shizuka: "Why do I have to!? I've got my own packing to take care of!"
Kasumi: "You're a boy so it won't take you that long! Girls have a lot of stuff!"
Shizuka: "Geez..."
Michiru: "Are we going home too?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. Dust is going to start piling up if we don't clean the house every so often."
Michiru: "Okay~"
*That being said, Michiru basically teleported herself here, so it's not like she has any luggage to pack.*
Kasumi: "Oh, I know! Michiru-chan, if you'd like, do you want to take the clothes I mentioned last night with you?"
Michiru: "...Can I?"
Kasumi: "I don't mind at all."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait, what's this about clothes?"
Kasumi: "Clothes that I don't wear anymore. They'd be better off with someone else than in the garbage."
Tsubaki: "Oh, can I come take a look? Your clothes are always so cute."
Mutsuki: "Wah, I want to come, too!"
Kasumi: "Of course. Everyone's welcome."
Shizuka: "...For the record, Kasumi's wardrobe is huge."
Mitsuyoshi: "I wonder if my suitcase is enough..."
Shizuka: "Pack them in cardboard boxes and ship it. It'll save you the headache."
Mitsuyoshi: "...I'll do that."
Mutsuki: "What about you, Moo-chan?"
Ushio: "Oh, I... have to sort out the books I want to bring home."
Mutsuki: "I see."
Kasumi: "Feel free to come if you're interested. I'll make some tea."
Ushio: "Okay, thank you for the offer."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*With Michiru over at Sumi-chan's room, I didn't really feel like heading back to my own. Instead, I came to the Bureau office.*
*I don't have that much to pack, so I can leave that for tonight.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Heidi, Louis, and Ulrick are gone now... It's gotten a lot quieter...)
*―Those noisy and fun days are never coming back again.*
*Nor will the time spent in this room...*
Ushio: "Ah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko."
*The door opens and Mooko peeks in.*
Ushio: "...Should I brew some tea?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Please."
*She smiles upon seeing my face.*
*I bet she feels the same way as me.*
*We chat with each other as we drink the tea that she prepared.*
Ushio: "Even though the biggest problem has been dealt with, the seals on the Mists should be wearing off soon."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
*Unfortunately, the statue that I broke remains in a state of disrepair.*
*According to Hina-san, it's not impossible to fix, but it'll require a lot of time because of the delicate work involved.*
Hina: "To be more specific, I don't know if it'll be done by the time you advance a grade."
Ushio: "...Meaning that we still have our work cut out for us for quite some time."
Hina: "Yes."
Fuhito: "Ha ha ha! My apologies!"
Shizuka: "You're totally not sorry about it at all!"
Rito: "That would be impossible. Tsuduraorizaka Fuhito does not understand the concept of being apologetic."
Fuhito: "If my master told me to, I would."
Momoka: "Me too~"
Hina: "What should I do?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...It would be pointless anyway, so it's fine."
*In the end, the principal is still running the school for the sake of convenience, but under Hina-san's supervision.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, there's nothing we can do about that. It's too late to quit now."
Ushio: "Indeed."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Actually, Mooko, I thought you hated Bureau work."
Ushio: "I could say the same to you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Haha, I guess."
*I miss the tumultuous everyday life we had.*
*It's not bad to be able to relax in peace, but it seems that dealing with fairies and flying music scores was right up my alley.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Just like back then...)
*Oh yeah, I wonder what he's doing now.*
*Considering he was our age 20 years ago, he's probably married and someone's father by now.*
*...I can't imagine that at all.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hey, Mooko."
Ushio: "Yes?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I wonder if he remembers us."
Ushio: "...Do you mean Karasuma-kun?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. He promised that he'd come visit us if he did..."
Ushio: "Good question..."
*She places her cup onto the table and looks to be thinking deeply about the matter.*
Ushio: "To him, we are in his memories of the future, which would normally never exist."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, so I wonder if he kept them or not."
Ushio: "Even Hina-san didn't know the answer to that."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
*I'm sure Hina-san would want to meet all of them now if she could.*
*Especially Iba-san...*
Ushio: "But..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Ushio: "I do hope that we remained in his memories."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Same here."
*Even if he forgot after he returned...*
*I hope that one day he'll suddenly remember...*
*...about the people he was friends with for a short period of time.*
Ushio: "―Yes?"
*Mooko reflexively responds to the reserved knock on the door.*
*However, we're in the middle of school holidays so there shouldn't be any students here, leaving her perplexed.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Murakumo and the others wouldn't knock. Maybe it's someone from the Disciplinary Committee?)
*No, but that would mean that there's some sort of incident, and they wouldn't knock so quietly...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Don't tell me...)
*It feels somewhat nostalgic, and I impulsively get up from my seat.*
Soara: "...Umm, hello..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Yoshida?"
*The door opens, and my classmate Yoshida Soara shyly pops her head in.*
*I'm taken aback by this unexpected face.*
Soara: "S-Sorry for bothering you..."
*She hesitantly slides through the door.*
Ushio: "...Why are you here, Yoshida-san?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you doing here?"
Soara: "Ah, umm, I'm sorry! I know it's the holidays and that I should be back at home!"
Ushio: "Did some trouble occur?"
Soara: "Umm, well... umm..."
*For some reason, she's unable to speak clearly and fidgets.*
Ushio: "If something happened, please feel free to talk about it. There must've been something important enough to bring you back here, right?"
Soara: "I suppose you could say it's important... I guess, but umm, you see... umm..."
*What could it be? I glance over at Mooko, but even she's stumped.*
*―And then...*
*...out of nowhere, like a bolt of lightning...*
Mitsuyoshi: (―Ah.)
*I suddenly remember something.*
*Yoshida mentioned this in the middle of a discussion we were having way back when:*
Soara: "Ah, that reminds me. Maru-kun, do you have an older brother?"
Soara: "Papa told me that Kotaro's a name that's given to second sons."
Mitsuyoshi: (No way...!)
Soara: "Umm, how should I explain this...? H-Huh?"
*I brush past Yoshida and dart out of the Bureau office.*
"Uwaahh!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey now, don't run away!"
*I seize the person hiding in the shadow of the door and forcefully drag him into the room.*
"I'm not going to run away! You just surprised me!"
*The one panicking and waving his hands is―*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Omaru...! I knew it was you!"
Kotaro: "...Hehe, long time no see..."
*He's grown up a lot, but his countenance hasn't changed one bit.*
*He smiles embarrassedly, just like he used to do.*
Ushio: "Karasuma-kun!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you doing, leaving the explanation to Yoshida?"
Kotaro: "Ahh, th-that was because...!"
Soara: "Geez, I can't believe you, Papa! You should be explaining this yourself!"
Ushio: "...Papa!?"
Kotaro: "Y-Yeah..."
Soara: "This is my papa. Sorry for surprising you two."
Ushio: "Papa... Huh? So Karasuma-kun, Yoshida-san is... your daughter?"
Soara: "That's right."
Kotaro: "Oh, our surnames are different because I married into my wife's family..."
Mitsuyoshi: "We can figure out that much."
Kotaro: "Uu... Micchi, how did you know?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I suddenly remembered Yoshida mentioning a while back that her father said Kotaro's a name given to second sons."
Kotaro: "Ahaha, I see."
Ushio: "...Yoshida-san, did you ever realize that Karasuma-kun was your father?"
Soara: "Of course not!!"
*She waves her hands in front of her face.*
Soara: "Who would think that their classmate is their papa from when he was younger? Well, I did find it strange that they had the exact same name, but still!"
Kotaro: "Y-Yeah, that makes sense."
Soara: "...And here we are now."
Ushio: "I-I see."
*Mooko is thrown completely off guard, but she quickly regains her composure and goes deep into thought.*
Ushio: "But Karasuma-kun now clearly looks the same as he did before, so if she didn't realize it, does that mean some sort of distortion occurred...?"
Ushio: "Or is it simply a question of Yoshida-san's personality...?"
Soara: "Ah, Papa, do you mind if I grab some clothes that I left in my room?"
Kotaro: "Sure, go ahead."
Soara: "I'll be back later."
*She says that and hastily leaves.*
*Was that her way of being considerate of us?*
Ushio: "Which would mean that... the Night students' return was a predetermined event...? Or did the laws of causality choose that to be the correct future...?"
*Her brain's still at it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is it really something that difficult to process?"
Ushio: "But when Karasuma-kun was here at this school, Yoshida-san already existed!"
Kotaro: "What's so strange about that?"
Ushio: "You don't find anything odd about that scenario?"
Kotaro: "No, because..."
*With a huge grin on his face, he says, offhandedly:*
Kotaro: "There's no way that you two wouldn't have saved me, so it's a given that Soara was born without incident."
Ushio: "......"
Kotaro: "Oh, but you see, I remembered everything after going back, but I figured that it would be bad if I came while my old self was still here..."
Kotaro: "Which is why I never dropped by until now. I didn't want weird things happening to my own memories, so umm, sorry for not helping out?"
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Give it up, Mooko. That's the kind of guy Omaru is."
Kotaro: "?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You've known that for a long time now."
Kotaro: "???"
Ushio: "...Fine, I'll leave it at that."
*She sighs, and a smile breaks across her troubled face.*
Ushio: "Really... What am I going to do about you two?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You know that's what you love about us."
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "...Yes, I suppose so."
Kotaro: "Huh!? Did Ushio-san just honestly admit to that!?"
Ushio: "Why do you look so surprised?"
*Omaru looks a bit embarrassed as Mooko glares at him.*
Kotaro: "Ahaha, sorry. The Ushio-san I remember would've tried to change the subject."
Ushio: "R-Really now?"
Kotaro: "Yep. Isn't this great, Micchi? She's finally in her deredere phase!"
Ushio: "What is with that ominous word...? That's not something I would've expected you to say..."
Kotaro: "Soara taught me that."
Mitsuyoshi: "What the heck is she teaching her dad...?"
Kotaro: "Huh? Did I use it the wrong way!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I think you're fine."
Ushio: "Koga-kun, not you too!"
Kotaro: "Phew, it wasn't a mistake. Thank goodness."
Ushio: "I know nothing about this! I have no recollection of entering any sort of strange phase like that!!"
Kotaro: "Hehehe, this atmosphere really takes me back."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah."
*I never would've imagined that the three of us would be able to meet here again.*
*Even though he's all grown up now, he's hasn't changed at all on the inside...*
Rito: "...Members of the Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs. There is a Disciplinary Committee member who requests your immediate assistance."
Ushio: "What?"
Kotaro: "Huh, did something happen?"
Shizuka: "Koga, you bastard! Hurry up and help... Uwaaahhh, stop this skeleton model from flying around!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...There's totally something happening."
Ushio: "It sounds like a Mist."
Kotaro: "It's been a while, so let me help out too!"
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, let's get going."
Ushio: "Indeed."
*She nods with a smile.*
Ushio: "The Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs, at your service."
*http:*
*http:*
*http:*
*http:*
*http:*
*http:*
*http:*
*http:*
*Some time has passed since the whole incident.*
*All the students have returned from the school holiday that was pushed up.*
*The school is once again full of life.*
Tsubaki: "Shishigatani-san."
Ushio: "Ah, Mibu-san. Are you making your rounds now?"
Tsubaki: "Yeah. There's no need to be as strict as we were before... but it's become a habit."
*The Realm of Night has completely disappeared, of course, and our school lives have changed a little.*
*The rule dictating that students have to return to their dorms before nightfall hasn't changed, but the Disciplinary Committee is laxer about it now.*
*As a result, their members have some more free time on their hands once classes are over.*
Ushio: "I understand how you feel. It's been more relaxed at the Bureau, but I can't help but feel uptight when night falls."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, same here."
*There is still a reason for having all the students return to the dorms after classes.*
*Because the treasury's barrier is still being rebuilt, Mists are flying around and running rampant, making it dangerous for them to stay late.*
Female Student A: "Ah, hello, Principal!"
Fuhito: "Dobry den! How are you all feeling after your holiday?"
Female Student B: "Great! It's been a while since I last went home and relaxed."
Fuhito: "Nothing could make me happier. Now that you're all rested up, make sure you give the rest of the school year everything you've got."
Female Student A: "Will do! Well then, we'll see you around."
Female Student B: "Please excuse us."
*The principal and Shogoin-senpai are still managing the school in their original roles under the orders of their creator, Hina-san.*
*The school is completely at peace now that everything is resolved.*
Tsubaki: "It doesn't look like we have to worry about the administration anymore."
Ushio: "Yes, indeed."
Tsubaki: "Well then, I'm going to patrol the school a bit more."
Ushio: "Okay, I'll see you later."
Ushio: "......"
*At some point after seeing Mibu-san off, I heave a sigh.*
*Everything has come to a clean conclusion.*
*Yet...*
*There is still one thing that remains on my mind.*
Ushio: (Koga-kun...)
*I was busy over the holidays and in the end, never met up with him.*
*Now that the new school term has started, he should be back...*
Ushio: (There's no deep meaning behind why I'm looking for him... We're members of the same group.)
Ushio: (I'm just curious about how his body is holding up and how he spent his holidays...)
*Before I knew it, I had already started walking...*
*...towards his classroom.*
Ushio: "......"
*I stop myself after noticing this unconscious action.*
*I really am curious about how he's doing though, so I set off once again.*
Ushio: (It's his fault for not contacting me at all. We still have work we need to do for the Bureau.)
Ushio: (It shouldn't be strange for me to go and ask him how he's doing. Yes, it's merely one of my responsibilities as a member of the Bureau. There's no special meaning behind it.)
*I finally arrive at my destination and take a deep breath.*
*There's no reason for me to be nervous.*
*I should be calm when protesting his lack of communication with us.*
Ushio: "Haahh..."
*―He's not there.*
Ushio: "Huh...?"
*He's nowhere to be found as I survey the small classroom.*
*And the person sitting in his seat is...*
Michiru: "......"
*...his younger sister, Michiru-san.*
*She looks extremely tense, and her head is faced down at the ground.*
*If she's here, then that means...*
Maya: "Hey, hey, I heard that you're Koga's sister. How's that work? Your names are the same!"
Michiru: "Ah... Umm, well..."
Maya: "Oh! I'm Kurodani Maya. Nice to meet you! Umm, I'm guessing there's some sort of long story behind this?"
Michiru: "Umm, I...! You see, umm..."
Soara: "Don't do that, Maya-chan. Can't you see that you're making her uncomfortable?"
Maya: "Huh? But I'm so curious! Aren't you?"
Soara: "I am, but... you shouldn't be causing problems for others."
Michiru: "Umm, s-sorry... Uhh..."
Soara: "You don't need to apologize. Maya-chan's always like this."
Michiru: "Always...?"
Soara: "Yep, so you'll get used to it in no time. Oh, I'm Yoshida Soara by the way."
Michiru: "O-Okay. Umm... I-I'm Koga Michiru..."
Maya: "So you can't say anything at all about what's going on?"
Soara: "Maya-chan, stop it already."
Michiru: "Umm, m-my brother came here in my stead, but, umm, a lot of things got resolved so I'm actually attending myself now..."
Maya: "What!? Is that even allowed!?"
Michiru: "I-I got permission from the school."
Soara: "I see! So Michiru-chan, you'll be our classmate from now on."
Michiru: "Y-Yes! Umm, I'll do my best not to cause any trouble. I'm looking forward to being here."
Maya: "Ahaha! It's fine. I'm sure we'll have lots of fun together!"
Soara: "Yeah~ It's great getting to know you."
Maya: "Anyway, I don't suppose you could elaborate on what exactly happened..."
Soara: "Geez, Maya-chan, knock it off!"
*After all that's happened in the past little while, perhaps she's trying to change herself for the better.*
Michiru: "Huh...? It's Ushio-san."
Ushio: "...Ah."
Maya: "Oh, you're right. Good morning."
Soara: "What's the matter, Shishigatani-senpai?"
*The three of them notice my presence as I'm staring blankly at the person sitting in Koga-kun's seat.*
*For some reason, it makes me uncomfortable.*
Michiru: "Oh, that's right. Umm, Onii-chan..."
Ushio: "O-Oh, no, I just came to see how you were doing. Best of luck with your new school life."
Ushio: "Please don't hesitate to contact the Bureau if there's anything troubling you. I'll be leaving now."
Michiru: "Ah..."
*He's not here.*
*The body double has been replaced with the real Koga Michiru.*
*The person who was originally invited to attend was Michiru-san, so it just means that everything is now the way it was supposed to be...*
Ushio: (But this means...)
*She's going to be attending classes here.*
*As a result... Koga-kun is no longer at this school.*
Ushio: (It's not... that I haven't considered this possibility... This is how everything should be.)
*I try to convince myself, but I can't come to terms with it.*
Ushio: (...How could he do something like that without telling me? How selfish. Do I mean that little to him?)
Ushio: (...He was the one going on and on about how we were partners and that we should confide in each other... This is the pot calling the kettle black again...!)
Ushio: "And..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You really love me, don't you?"
Ushio: "What!? What are you saying at a time like this!? Th-That's not..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You don't? I love you, though."
Ushio: "......!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I love you."
Ushio: (What was that! Supposed to be!? What was! He thinking!?)
Ushio: (He didn't even contact me once during the holidays, let alone meet up with me, and now he's disappeared from the school without saying a word, leaving me all alone...)
Ushio: (Koga-kun, you...!)
*I feel frazzled as I think about this, and before I know it, classes are over for the day.*
*It continues to weigh on my mind as I make my way to the Bureau office, where I see that Murakumo-kun and Mutsuki have already arrived.*
*The three of us make up the current Bureau.*
*Koga-kun was supposed to be a member as well, so I wonder what's going to happen from now on...*
*I can't tell since he's not here.*
Shizuka: "Huh? Where's Koga? Shouldn't he have come back?"
Ushio: "He's not here anymore. Michiru-san is here in his place."
Shizuka: "Huh? What's that supposed to mean?"
Ushio: "She's attending school in his place apparently."
Shizuka: "Oh, I see. So she's... All right..."
Ushio: "She was the one who originally received the invitation from the school, so the current situation is the correct one."
Ushio: "It's no longer dangerous for her to be here. Having come to that conclusion, he must have decided to let her attend."
Shizuka: "He has the biggest sister complex out of anyone I know..."
Mutsuki: "So what's going to happen to Micchi from now on?"
Ushio: "I don't know."
Mutsuki: "But if Michiru-chan's here, then he..."
Ushio: "He hasn't mentioned anything to me."
Mutsuki: "Really? Well, you were busy too with all the cleaning up you had to do."
Shizuka: "Even then, you'd think that he'd say something about it."
Ushio: "......"
Shizuka: "...Ah."
Mutsuki: "Did he not contact you at all?"
Ushio: "No..."
Mutsuki: "I see. Well, I'm sure everyone was busy with their own lives."
Shizuka: "Hey, Hanatate..."
Mutsuki: "Hmm?"
Shizuka: "You should drop it..."
Mutsuki: "...Hmm."
Ushio: "......"
Mutsuki: "Right, okay."
*Let's try approaching this from a different angle.*
*Whatever he does, it doesn't matter to me.*
*Thinking too deeply about it is just a waste of energy.*
*For now, let's ignore him and do what I ought to be doing.*
Ushio: "Mutsuki, has anything come in today yet?"
Mutsuki: "Nope. It's as peaceful as it can be."
Shizuka: "I thought there'd be more Mist activity now that all the students are back, but I guess I was wrong."
Ushio: "We can't let our guards down until the barrier on the treasury is restored... but it certainly is calm right now."
*The principal said that it would be quite some time before the barrier would be fixed...*
*Maybe there are fewer Mists escaping because work has already started.*
*Much like the Disciplinary Committee, there's been less work at the Bureau, and we should be able to take it relatively easily from here on out.*
Shizuka: "It looks like we'll be able to head home early today then."
Mutsuki: "Yeah, I agree."
Ushio: "Haahhh..."
*As Mutsuki and Murakumo-kun said, time passes by without anything happening.*
Shizuka: "All right, I'm gonna head out."
Mutsuki: "Okay, see you tomorrow."
Shizuka: "Mm, see you."
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan, we should get going too."
Ushio: "......"
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan?"
Ushio: "Sorry, Mutsuki... Could you head back first...?"
Mutsuki: "Sure. Something on your mind?"
Ushio: "Hmm... I just don't feel like leaving yet..."
Mutsuki: "Okay. Don't stay out too late. See you, Moo-chan."
Ushio: "Yes, I know. Thanks for your concern."
*There's nothing that I'm really mulling over.*
*I get the feeling that Mutsuki knew that but could tell that I wanted to be alone.*
*And now, I'm sitting in my usual chair, all by myself in this empty office.*
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "Koga-kun... I don't care about you anymore..."
*Even though I say that, nothing but thoughts of him fill my head.*
*Why did he do something so selfish?*
Ushio: "...Haaahhh."
*There's no way I could return to the dorms looking like this.*
*I'll give myself some time to calm down before heading back.*
*I rest my head on the desk in front of me and close my eyes.*
*I'll probably end up napping for a bit, but I don't mind.*
*I'm sure that will let me feel more refreshed.*
*―As I'm counting on that to happen...*
"......"
*I feel a gentle sensation.*
*It would appear that I did fall asleep at some point.*
*My brain continues to run slowly in a half-conscious state.*
Ushio: "Hmm...?"
*What's going on?*
*Someone's fingers are touching my cheek...?*
*I have an idea of whose they are and slowly raise my head.*
*When I open the door to the Bureau office, sure enough, I see Mooko there.*
*She seems to be taking a nap.*
*I can't help but reach out and caress her soft, pale cheeks when I see her sleeping so peacefully.*
Ushio: "...Hmm...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ah."
Ushio: "......"
*She looks at me for a while, still half-asleep, before her expression eventually changes to one of surprise.*
Ushio: "Huh...!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah... My bad for touching you without asking. It's just that it's been a while so..."
Ushio: "......"
*She freezes up, her mouth hanging open.*
*It was probably a bad idea to suddenly touch her.*
Ushio: (Why is Koga-kun here? And not in a school uniform but a... suit?)
Mitsuyoshi: "I didn't mean to wake you up."
Ushio: (He was always so unkempt so seeing him all nice and tidy with a necktie... It fits him pretty well...)
Ushio: (Wait, no! That's not it!)
Mitsuyoshi: "So, uhh... Are you mad...?"
Ushio: (What I should be thinking about is why he's wearing a suit when there's no need for him to be...)
Ushio: (Ah! This sudden inexplicable chain of events...! It couldn't be...!)
Ushio: (Not again...! It's another... one of those dreams...!)
Mitsuyoshi: "So again, I'm sorry, okay?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Earth to Mooko?"
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: "Hmph."
*Ah, shoot... She's seriously mad.*
*I should've just straightforwardly woken her up instead.*
Ushio: "First a doctor and a maid, and now you're in a suit, huh? What is this? More cosplay?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? No, there's an actual reason for this getup."
Ushio: "I'm not particularly interested in hearing it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Uu..."
*She's not giving me any chances at all.*
*She seemed pretty out of it at first, so I thought that she was still half-asleep, but...*
Ushio: (This makes it seem like I have some hidden desire to see Koga-kun in all sorts of outfits!)
Ushio: (That's not true at all... Though I have to admit that the suit surprised me and it does fit him...)
Ushio: (I definitely can't tell him that directly though!)
*She looks quite irritated and displeased.*
*I'm positive that she's mad about how I haven't contacted her all this time.*
Mitsuyoshi: "U-Umm, Mooko, I'm really sorry. I couldn't contact you because..."
Ushio: "Even if you say that, you're just going to end up teasing me and having your way with me again, aren't you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? What are you talking about? Like I said, I..."
Ushio: "Yes, yes, I understand. I've already seen this lead-in before."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait, what do you mean, lead-in? Could you please explain?"
Ushio: "I don't think that will be necessary. This isn't the first time this has happened."
Mitsuyoshi: "Again, I have no idea what you're talking about."
*I can't tell if she's actually listening to me or not.*
*She's probably still half-asleep.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Anyway, it's getting late, so how about we head back to the dorms for now?"
Ushio: "I refuse."
Mitsuyoshi: "You refuse...? Come on now, there's a lot I want to talk to you about."
Ushio: "Don't touch me!"
*The moment I grab her hand to try and have her stand up, she smacks it away.*
*It comes as a bit of a shock.*
*...But hold on. I get the feeling that this isn't stemming purely from anger.*
*She seems kind of desperate about something...?*
Ushio: "No, not today! I've always been caught up in your stride, but not this time!"
Ushio: "You're sorely mistaken if you think you'll get to have your way with me again!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Umm..."
*Could it be that she's not angry about my having touched her without permission or the lack of communication, but something else entirely?*
*If that's so, then what in the world is she displeased about?*
*She mentioned something about this not being the first time, but it doesn't ring a bell...*
Ushio: "Koga-kun. Sit down over there."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Uhh, sure..."
*Unable to think of a proper response, I do as I'm told and sit down on the sofa.*
*Mooko stares at me fixedly.*
Ushio: "Isn't there something you have to say first!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Something I have to say...?"
Ushio: "That's right! Until I'm satisfied, nothing is going to happen, I'm not going to do anything, nor will I let you do anything. And I mean it!"
Mitsuyoshi: "U-Umm..."
*What should I be saying in this situation?*
*What do I do...?*
*After a bit of thought, I decide to start off by apologizing for the smaller things.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, I'm sorry for touching you while you were slee..."
Ushio: "No, no, no! That's not it!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Then, umm, I'm sorry for not contacting you all this..."
Ushio: "I couldn't care less about that!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Whaaat!?"
*Sh-She doesn't care about that!?*
*I felt really bad about being swamped with work and not keeping in touch with her!*
Ushio: "You may not remember it, but up until now... you've ignored this important piece several times."
Ushio: "Even though it's the most important part! Seriously, why are you like this!? You always keep moving forward at your own pace without saying anything!"
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Okay...?"
Ushio: "But today is different. I will not compromise! I won't forgive you until you do it properly!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, that's important, but..."
Ushio: "Then hurry up."
Mitsuyoshi: "What you're doing isn't exactly helpful..."
Ushio: "What are you going to do if this ends before I manage to hear that critical piece again?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......?"
*I have no idea what she's talking about.*
*At the very least, I can tell that she's upset at me about something...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Could you give me some sort of hint?"
Ushio: "A hint? Is that really needed?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Or like, point me in the right direction..."
Ushio: "What are you planning to do after this? As a human, isn't there something obvious that you should say beforehand?"
Ushio: "I have no intention of rejecting you. All I want is for you to follow the proper procedure."
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm... So basically..."
Ushio: "Just say the conclusion that you've always been leaving for last."
Mitsuyoshi: "Conclusion...?"
*What? I'm still completely lost.*
*All I wanted to do was go back to the dorms...*
*My confusion must be showing on my face, because Mooko gets even angrier when she looks at me.*
Ushio: "What's with that look on your face?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah..."
Ushio: "Geez! Why are you like this every single time!? You never change!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "W-Wait, calm down!!"
*Furious, Mooko starts hitting me with a cushion.*
*It doesn't hurt, but it's not exactly comfortable either.*
Ushio: "Why! Are you so stubborn! About not saying it!? Are you that unwilling!?"
Ushio: "Don't tell me! You think that! Saying it once in the midst of all that confusion! Was enough! Is that! What you're thinking!?"
Ushio: "Are you! Planning! On never!! Saying it again!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? What!?"
*Her voice grows more strident as she pummels me with the cushion.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hold on. Can you please explain from the beginni... Gah!"
Ushio: "Geez!!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*She forcefully takes a step towards me.*
*I can't help but stare down at her feet before looking back up at her.*
*...She's extremely angry.*
Ushio: "I've had enough of this already! Why!? Why can you not just say that you love me!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh..."
Ushio: "Or is it that you don't love me at all? You did all those terrible things to me, to someone you don't love!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm... Wh-What...? N-No, I do love you, but..."
Ushio: "......!"
*Oh, she looked happy for a second there.*
*But she quickly shakes it off and raises her voice again.*
Ushio: "No! Not like that!! I don't want something so half-hearted! Can't you change that somehow!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Wh-What do you..."
Ushio: "Make it sound more like a proper confession! Say it like you actually mean it!! From the start! To get the mood going!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait... You're saying some pretty outrageous things here. Are you okay?"
Ushio: "I'm serious. Super serious. I won't back down until you give me a proper confession."
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Hey..."
*She walks right up to me and stares straight into my eyes.*
Ushio: "Now, Koga-kun, hurry."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait..."
*When she's this close to me, it reminds me...*
*Since I haven't seen her for so long, it's been a while since we were this close to each other.*
Mitsuyoshi: (And besides... what's with this humiliation game...? I didn't think she was the type of person to say these kinds of things...)
*Or did she get this obsessed over it because I ignored her for so long?*
*Regardless, the fault lies with me...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...All right."
Ushio: "Huh!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why do you sound so surprised? I can't exactly refuse when you're being this adamant about it."
Ushio: "Ah... right. If I put in the effort, even something like this can happen, huh...? Now please, quickly."
*I take a long, deep breath.*
*Her eager gaze makes me feel nervous, but I can't back away now.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I love you, Mooko."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "It was my fault for not contacting you and having you wait until now. I'm sorry."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko?"
Ushio: "Haaaaa...!"
*She was watching me quietly up until now, but then she exhales deeply in relief.*
*Her expression seems to be filled with a strange sense of accomplishment and bliss.*
Ushio: (Finally... Koga-kun finally said that he... that he... he l-loves me...!)
Ushio: (It took so long...! Even if they were dreams, how many times has this moment slipped by me...!?)
Ushio: (―But wait! Don't tell me that there's a catch...)
Ushio: "Umm, Koga-kun. When you said that, you don't mean it in the way that you'd say that to someone who's your friend, right? You mean it in the romantic sense?"
Mitsuyoshi: "As if I'd say something so misleading at a time like this. Of course I mean it in the romantic sense."
Ushio: "Phew... Thank goodness..."
*Mooko nods her head several times, as if savouring the moment.*
*Seeing her this happy makes me feel that it was worth saying it.*
*She's brightened up and her anger from earlier is nowhere to be seen.*
Ushio: "It would be a waste, so please say it one more time."
Mitsuyoshi: "What!?"
Ushio: "While you're still willing to do as I say! One more time! Now!"
*When she's like this, I can't help but give in to her demands...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...I love you."
Ushio: "You love me?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yes. I'm in love with you."
Ushio: "...Mm, mm."
*She's truly happy from the bottom of her heart, and she nods over and over again, not trying to hide that fact.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Damn it... She's so cute...)
Ushio: "Umm... Next, please say it while holding my hands..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You want me to keep going!?"
Ushio: "H-Hurry! We might not have any time left! I may never get another chance like this again!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you talking about? If it's something like this, I don't mind doing it for you anytime."
Ushio: "Huh..."
*She looks at me with eyes full of anticipation.*
*However, as if she's suddenly remembered her goal, she pulls herself back together.*
Ushio: "That is that, and this is this!"
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Okay."
Ushio: "N-Now then, please whisper it in my ear while you're holding my hands."
*So this is what she likes, huh...*
*I start feeling even more awkward, but it's definitely not unpleasant.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I wouldn't be so easily going along with this otherwise.)
Ushio: "Ah..."
*As I draw closer to her and entwine my fingers with hers, Mooko looks embarrassed again, but her expression is full of anticipation.*
*Not again. That face is totally unfair...*
Mitsuyoshi: "I love you, Mooko."
Ushio: "...Yes..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I love you."
Ushio: "......!"
Ushio: (Ahh...! Koga-kun is... I'm so happy! I never thought a dream would ever go exactly the way I wanted it to!)
Ushio: "One more time... please."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure. You're acting awfully spoiled today."
*I'm glad that she's being so honest.*
*If she were always like this, I'd tell her that I love her as many times as she wanted... What's going on today?*
Mitsuyoshi: "I love you."
Ushio: "......"
*She smiles and returns the hold I have on her hands as she snuggles up to me.*
*It's been a while since I've felt this soft sensation and my heart begins to race.*
*And she smells kind of nice, too...*
Mitsuyoshi: (This... could be bad...)
*It really has been too long, so maybe that's why I'm feeling a bit... aroused.*
*But this is a normal reaction, right...? This would happen to any man when the girl he loves does something like this.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Mooko, sorry to ruin the mood, but..."
Ushio: "What is it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, if you cling so much to me... my friend down there is going to get..."
Ushio: "Oh... I-It's fine."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Wait, are you sure you understand what I'm talking about? I mean that I'm getting turned on."
Ushio: "That much is obvious."
*I thought that she'd get mad, so this definitely throws me for a loop.*
*She blushes slightly and shoots me glances as she nestles back up to me.*
Ushio: "Ever since you came here, I was prepared... since I thought that this would happen."
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you sure about doing it here? We can go back to your room first..."
Ushio: "You're saying that now after all the terrible things you've already done to me?"
*Well... I guess it's true that we already did it in a hospital room where anyone could've walked in at any time.*
*That was probably a worse choice of location than here.*
*I'm concerned about doing it at school, but I haven't seen her in a while, she's cute, and she said that it's okay...*
*I'm slowly starting to not care.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko..."
Ushio: "Ah..."
*When I embrace her and look her in the face, I see that her bright red face is looking right back at me.*
*Her cheeks are flushed and her eyes are slightly moist.*
Mitsuyoshi: (She's so cute... I can't help it.)
*A smile naturally forms on my face as I take in this nostalgic feeling.*
Ushio: "U-Umm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah?"
Ushio: "I have a request."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're... not going to tell me to stop now, are you?"
Ushio: "No, that's not it at all! Umm... If you're willing to heed my request..."
Ushio: (Judging from the way this dream has been going so far... it's fine if... I have him spoil me some more, right...?)
Ushio: "...I-I don't want you to tease me like you always do... I want you to be kind and gentle..."
*She continues to blush and says that embarrassedly.*
*For a moment, I don't quite understand what she means and can only stare at her blankly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Have I been bullying you that much?"
Ushio: "Yes, were you not aware of it? The last time and the time before that were truly awful."
Mitsuyoshi: (But it's only been twice, right!?)
Mitsuyoshi: "S-Sorry about that."
Ushio: "It's okay... As long as you understand."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll make sure to be gentle this time. Let me know if I do anything you don't like."
Ushio: "O-Okay."
*I return her timid embrace.*
*She then cuddles up to me again and smiles happily.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I didn't realize I was being so mean to her... I'll be sure to keep that in mind...)
*I lift Mooko up in my arms and seat her on my lap.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm going to kiss you..."
Ushio: "Ah..."
*She meekly accepts the quick pecks that I give on her lips.*
*Our lips meet over and over again, and I take care not to go too deep.*
Ushio: "...Mm, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm..."
Ushio: "Koga-kun..."
*A few kisses later, I slowly open my eyes and stare at Mooko's face.*
*I see her in a state of ecstasy and an expression filled with joy.*
*Apparently, she likes being kissed.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko..."
Ushio: "Mm... mm, ahh! Ah... mm!"
*My lips come into contact with hers again, and this time, I extend my tongue and try licking her lips.*
*She shivers, somewhat shocked by my actions, but she clutches to me strongly.*
*She then follows my lead and does the same with her tongue.*
Ushio: "Ah... mm, mm! Mm, ahh..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm..."
Ushio: "Mm... Koga-kun, mm!"
*I intertwine our tongues, making noises as I move mine.*
*She embarrassedly imitates me.*
*When I separate our tongues to go back to a kiss, she again does the same.*
*She's so cute that my chest grows hot and I can't help but be happy.*
Ushio: "Haa, ah... mm, more..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Can I...?"
Ushio: "Yeah... Mm!"
*She's practically begging me as she nods and presses her lips against mine.*
*Come to think about it, this is probably the first time she's been this aggressive.*
*That only serves to make me even happier.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Mooko."
Ushio: "Haa, mm... mm, mmm, mm!"
*Our lips touch and our tongues mingle as we continue our passionate kisses.*
*Her expression begins to loosen and I try stroking her back and the nape of her neck. As expected, she doesn't resist.*
Ushio: "Haa... haa... ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you okay?"
Ushio: "Yes... I'm fine."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right then..."
*I move my palms more while kissing her, caressing the area around her collarbone before separating my lips and gazing at her.*
Ushio: "Koga-kun...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm going to take your clothes off, okay?"
Ushio: "...Mm."
*She looks embarrassed, but she obediently nods.*
*I slowly strip her, revealing her pale skin.*
*Her ashamed face makes me hold my breath, and I gently stroke her cheeks so that I don't startle her, tracing my fingers along her ears.*
Ushio: "...Mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I promised that I'd be gentle, so please let me know at any time if you want me to stop."
Ushio: "O-Okay."
*She nods, and I proceed to fondle her breasts.*
*My hand sinks into them; it's a familiar feeling.*
*At the same time, I realize that this is what I've wanted to do this entire time.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Can I keep touching them?"
Ushio: "Yes. I'd prefer it if you were gentler."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right. Even gentler, huh?"
*Gently... It's hard to think about it while fondling them, but I'll just go slowly...*
Ushio: "Mm... mm, mm..."
*My palms move from her arms to her breasts as I grope them over her bra.*
*Her body starts to tremble slightly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "How does it feel?"
Ushio: "I-It's a bit ticklish."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's it?"
Ushio: "It feels like it's sort of... making me restless..."
*I love how she's completely accepting of my actions despite her embarrassment.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I want to touch them directly."
Ushio: "Go ahead."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Thanks."
*I move her bra away and lay her breasts bare.*
*Once again, she looks away, embarrassed, adding to my arousal.*
*I begin to feel her breasts directly while watching her.*
Ushio: "Ah... ah..."
*As I revel in their softness, I slowly and gently move my hands to pleasure her.*
*The sensation of her bosom and her reactions turn me on even more.*
*I keep going and try softly pinching her nipple with my fingers.*
Ushio: "No...!"
*However, she gives a surprised cry and I immediately let go of her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Should I not have done that?"
Ushio: "Ah... Th-That's not it, but... if you could be a bit gentler... please."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, gentler, huh..."
Ushio: "...Mm!"
*I heed her request and tenderly roll her nipples in between my fingers.*
*This time, she doesn't show any objection to it, so I continue to apply the stimulation.*
Ushio: "Mm, ah... haa, haa..."
*Her body trembles in time with the motions of my fingers.*
*It seems like she's trying to endure the pleasure that's attacking her, fidgety and restless as she looks at me.*
Ushio: "You're so different than usual... I-I don't know how to react."
Mitsuyoshi: "What? Are you saying that you want me to be mean then?"
Ushio: "N-No! I prefer it... like this..."
*She fervently shakes her head in response to my question and blushes.*
*At this rate, I want to tease her to see how embarrassed she'll get... but I'll hold back for today.*
Ushio: "Because normally... I'll have no idea what's going on halfway through..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko..."
*I realize that she can say this so honestly because she wants to do it with me, and that makes me happy.*
*She's not being forced to go with the flow. She sincerely wants it this time.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Can I move on to the bottom now?"
Ushio: "Okay... Ah!"
*I remove my hands from her breasts and, after hearing her response, shift her panties in order to touch her pussy.*
*I can tell that it's already somewhat wet and proceed to slowly play with it.*
Ushio: "Ah... ah, mm! Mm, mmm..."
*Just from a few light touches, she shivers and averts her gaze embarrassedly.*
*Making noises as I smear her juices all over, I move deeper into her.*
Ushio: "Ah, haa... mm, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Does it hurt?"
Ushio: "I-I'm fine. It's just... it's pathetic that I'm the only one feeling good... Mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's not just you."
Ushio: "Huh? A-Ah! Umm, Koga-kun..."
*I take her hand and have her touch my member.*
*She's surprised when she does, and she doesn't retract her hand even after I've let go of it.*
Ushio: "K-Koga-kun, y-your..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, so like I said, it's not just you... mm!"
Ushio: "You're this turned on...? I'm glad."
Mitsuyoshi: "Of course... I'm doing this with someone I love."
Ushio: "Yes... A-Ah! Koga-kun... mm!"
*As we're touching each other, I start to move my hand.*
*Her body trembles from the stimulation, and I begin to make larger motions in hopes of telling her that I want to do more.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... Koga-kun... It feels good..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko... Can I lick you down there?"
Ushio: "Huh? Lick... Huh?"
*I'm unable to suppress my increasing arousal and ask her that.*
*However, she doesn't seem to understand and looks at me blankly.*
*Maybe I phrased it badly... In that case...*
Mitsuyoshi: "This spot here... I want to lick it. Can I?"
Ushio: "Hyaa! A-Ahh! Ah, ahh...! Wh-Why would you... ah!"
*I rub her pussy with my finger, scooping out her juices. She's taken aback by my question and shuddering all the while.*
*In spite of that, I keep asking without taking my eyes off of her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is that a no? I wanted to make you feel good."
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah, ahh! B-But that place is... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I want you to feel better... Please?"
Ushio: "Mm, ah... ahh, o-okay..."
*I never stop stimulating her genitals and she reluctantly nods.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Great."
Ushio: "Haa... mm! Mmm!"
*I move my face up to her pussy, stick my tongue out, and start licking.*
*She reacts sensitively as I gently lap up her juices, making sure not to go overboard.*
Ushio: "Mm... mm! Mm, haa... haa..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Mooko, I want to hear more of your voice."
Ushio: "No... It's too embarrassing..."
*I look up at her as I say that, but all she does is blush and shake her head.*
*I know she's embarrassed, but I really do want to hear her moans.*
*As I think that, I move my tongue around more and insert my finger deeper inside her.*
*Her sopping wet honeypot coils around my finger and I can't help but smile.*
Ushio: "Haa, ah... ah, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... mm, mm... mm... Tell me how it feels."
Ushio: "Y-You're... ah-ahh, so deep... inside, mm!"
*My finger makes lewd sounds as it stirs up her insides.*
*I continue to lick her labia and her clit while using my tongue to scoop up the overflowing fluids.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah! No, don't... ah-ahh! No... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why? Doesn't it feel good for you?"
Ushio: "Th-That's not it... I-It feels too... ahh!"
*I can't get enough of how cute she is as she desperately tries to respond.*
*I know I said that I'd be gentle, but seeing her like this really makes me want to tease her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Can I go deeper...?"
Ushio: "Mm, ahhh! Ah! Inside... it feels good, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Deeper it is... mm!"
*I do as she wishes and she clamps down tightly on my finger.*
*I'm glad that she's getting this turned on, and I force my finger deeper within her, only to pull out immediately afterwards.*
Ushio: "Haa, ahh! If you... do that, a-ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm...! It's fine as long as you feel good."
Ushio: "Ahh... If you say that, I... I, ahh!"
*She trembles from every stimulation I provide.*
*Her pussy is growing tighter and tighter, and her juices are flowing nonstop.*
*I increase the speed of my finger's thrusts, causing her body to convulse.*
Ushio: "I... I can't! A-Any more and I'll... a-ahh! Ahhhh!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
*Her body shakes violently, and her pussy's grip on my finger relaxes slightly as her juices overflow.*
*She seems drained of all energy as she catches her breath; it's clear that she climaxed.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you okay...?"
Ushio: "*pant*, *pant*, *pant*... I'm fine... Is there anything I can do for you...?"
*In her exhausted state, she attempts to stroke my dick.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm, hold on..."
Ushio: "U-Umm, Koga-kun... I've been on the receiving end the entire time, and..."
*I pull her up to me in an embrace.*
*She's surprised, but she obediently accepts my hug.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'd rather stick it in than that... Can I?"
Ushio: "Ah... S-Sure."
*I place her on my lap and move my already erect penis up against her soaked pussy.*
Ushio: "Ah... mm! Koga-kun, you're already..."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's because you looked so cute."
Ushio: "Th-That's because... umm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Because it felt good?"
Ushio: "A-Ahh! Ah, mm, mm..."
*I give a gentle thrust of my hips, rubbing my thing against her pussy as I ask, and she nods while keeping a firm hold on me.*
*Yet another smile appears on my face from her honest reaction.*
*Her honeypot starts secreting more fluids, as if it can't wait to be penetrated.*
Ushio: "Haa, ah... ah, mm! If it didn't, ah, I wouldn't have... ahh!"
*She's trembling as she clings onto me, a sure sign that she's aroused by my dick rubbing against her.*
*I don't stop rocking my hips, delighted by that fact.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm glad to hear that... Mooko, hold on tight..."
Ushio: "Ahh... ah! Ah, mmm!!"
*I raise her body up a little and bring the tip of my penis closer to her pussy.*
*After rubbing the head against her slit for a bit, I slowly push it inside.*
Ushio: "Ah, ah, ahh... haa...!"
*Chills run down my spine from the tight and sticky sensation.*
*Not to mention that it feels good with her supple body hugging me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Does it hurt?"
Ushio: "N-No, I'm fine... Go deeper..."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right."
*It makes me happy that she wants more.*
*I want to push it all the way in in one go, but I restrain myself and inch my way to her deepest parts.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... mm! It's filling me up..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, it feels so good inside..."
Ushio: "Mm... I'm glad... that you feel good too."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
Ushio: "I'm glad... to hear that."
*Her relieved voice gives me another chill.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Mooko... Do you mind if I make a request of my own?"
Ushio: "Mm...! Wh-What is it, Koga-kun...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "There's just something I want to hear from you."
Ushio: "Hear from me...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. I was the only one saying it before... Now I want to hear you say it."
Ushio: "Huh... Wh-What are you referring to...?"
*She sounds confused as I whisper into her ear.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You know... I want to hear you say that you love me too."
Ushio: "Ah...! U-Umm, th-that's..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You don't want to...? Even though you made me say it so many times?"
Ushio: "Th-That's not it. Th-There's no way I... A-Ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Then let me hear you say it."
*I whisper that as I gently rock my hips, rubbing my tip against her insides.*
*I have her wrapped in an embrace, and I can't get enough of how cute she is with her whole body reacting.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I love you, Ushio."
Ushio: "Ah... Hyaa, ah! Ah, th-that... that's..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? What's wrong...?"
Ushio: "Saying my name at a time like this... is cheating..."
Mitsuyoshi: "But I wanted to say it. Come on, Ushio... Now it's your turn."
*I pause my movements and stare straight at her, urging her one more time.*
*Her face goes beet red in an instant, but she doesn't look away.*
Ushio: "Ah... ah, Koga-kun, I... l-love you too..."
*My whole body shudders when her embarrassed voice reaches my ears.*
*On top of that, my rod pulsates within her.*
Ushio: "A-Ahh! N-No... I-It shook just now."
Mitsuyoshi: "I can't do anything about it. Your words caused that."
Ushio: "Mm... mm... Koga-kun, I'm... so happy..."
*She snuggles up to me as she smiles, her cheeks still flushed.*
*After ensuring that I have a good hold on her, I slowly thrust my hips.*
Ushio: "Ah, ahhh! Ah, mm, mmm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... Ushio, mm..."
*My dick reaches deep within her several times.*
*Every time I push in, her pussy twitches, clamping down on my member and overflowing with her juices.*
*I want to go harder... but I try my best to hold back after remembering her initial request.*
Ushio: "Umm... It's all right, so..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I can go faster?"
Ushio: "Mm... Please do."
Mitsuyoshi: "Got it... mm!"
Ushio: "Ah, kyaa! Ah, ahh!"
*She nods shyly and I thrust deeper within her.*
*With each stroke, her pussy gets tighter and convulses more strongly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You liked it here, right...? Mm!"
Ushio: "A-Ah! I-I don't know... a-ah! Don't ask me, mm!"
*Despite what she says, she seems to be enjoying it greatly.*
*I aim for where she reacts the most positively, indulging in the tightness.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Can you tell me which spots feel good for you? I want to do everything I can to make you happy today."
Ushio: "Ah, ahh, ah...! As if... I-I would know that... mm!"
*My dick slides in and out of her repeatedly.*
*Every time it does, her sticky walls tighten, secreting more fluids and causing lewd sounds to echo.*
*My thrusts target her weak spots, reaching deep within her.*
Ushio: "Ahh! A-Ahh! Koga-kun... mm! My insides... feel hot... I... ah... ah...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio... You're so cute..."
Ushio: "Ah... Hyaa! Ah, don't say that... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "But it's the truth."
Ushio: "N-No... You can't, ah! Ahh!"
*Her body shudders in response to my whispering into her ear as I strengthen my embrace.*
*It's yet another adorable reaction. I whisper to her again and kiss her on the ear as I forcefully thrust up into her.*
Ushio: "Mm! Mmm...! N-Not my ears... ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I can't? But... you look like you're really enjoying it."
Ushio: "Haa... haa, haa... No, your voice is so close... mm!"
*She convulses every time I whisper to her, and even the tips of her ears become red.*
*The swings of my hips grow larger of their own accord from this cuteness.*
*I know she said she wanted me to be gentle, but I can't control myself after seeing her in such ecstasy.*
Ushio: "Ahh! Ah, ah, ahhn! Koga-kun... ahh! Koga-kun!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio, you really are so cute... mm!"
Ushio: "Ah...! I-If you say that, I... ah, ahh, ah! A-Ahh!"
*I stare fixedly at her as she shudders in my arms and indulge in the tightness of her pussy.*
*My hips move impulsively, making larger motions and always aiming for the spots which make Ushio cry out loudly.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... haa, ahh...! Ah, no... You're too rough... ah, ahh!"
*She's at the mercy of my forceful thrusts as I penetrate her while holding her tightly.*
*I can't help but grimace at the tightness of her pussy.*
*Even so, I want to taste more of it, and once again push my member deep within her.*
Ushio: "Haa, hyaa! A-Ahh! Koga-kun! Mm, mm, ahh!!"
*Her entire body shakes violently.*
*At the same time, she clamps down harder than ever before, pushing me to the verge of climaxing.*
*But at this rate...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm...! Ushio...!"
Ushio: "Ah, ah... ahh! Ahhhh!!!"
*With her still in my arms, I desperately pull out and blow my load all over her body.*
*She attempts to catch her breath after she orgasms for the second time as my semen sullies her.*
Ushio: "*pant*, *pant*, ah... ahh... Koga-kun, you let out so much..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, you're all dirty now..."
Ushio: "You... could have just cummed inside..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wh-What!?"
*The words that come out of her mouth while she's still enraptured surprise me.*
*...Combined with how long it's been since we last did this, it's a deadly combo.*
*I'm raring to go again.*
Mitsuyoshi: (That wasn't enough...)
Ushio: "Haa..."
*Glancing at Ushio, she still seems to be basking in the afterglow.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hey."
Ushio: "Yes...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Can we do it one more time...?"
Ushio: "...I-I'm already..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I guess not, huh?"
Ushio: "I never said no..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh... Then..."
Ushio: "I'm... fine with it."
*She nods, looking somewhat troubled, happy, and embarrassed, all at the same time.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks, Ushio."
*I gently lay her down onto the sofa and get on top of her.*
*I stroke her cheek and reinsert my dick into her.*
Ushio: "Ah... ah! Mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio..."
*Her body eagerly accepts me, even though she came only moments ago.*
*Once I'm all the way in, I firmly grasp her hands.*
Ushio: "Ah... Hehe, Koga-kun..."
*She chuckles and happily clasps my hands in return.*
*That delights me as well and I gaze back at her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Honestly... you're just so cute."
Ushio: "Uu, that came out of nowhere again..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I can't help it. It's the truth after all."
Ushio: "Ah... ahhh!"
*I move my hips a little and I hear the wet sounds of her pussy.*
*On top of that, her insides feel stickier than before, and I want to feel more of them.*
*As such, I rock my hips back and forth, making squelching sounds that echo through the room.*
Ushio: "Mm... mm! Mm, ah... ah!"
*The lewd sounds grow louder and louder, and her face goes beet red, as though she's realized that.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio... Have you noticed how wet you are inside?"
Ushio: "Mmm...! Y-You didn't need to say that."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, so you knew already."
Ushio: "L-Like I said... ah!"
*I purposely move slowly. In and out, in and out.*
*Her honeypot tightens in response to my motions and to the sounds that are being produced.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Do you mind if I go a bit faster...?"
Ushio: "That's fine, but... I want you to kiss me, too."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're... saying such adorable things again."
Ushio: "Th-That wasn't my inte... ah, mm!"
*Watching her embarrassed figure, I move my hips and cover her lips with mine.*
*I shower her with light, shallow kisses, and she soon places her lips against mine herself.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... mm, mmm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio... mm!"
*Our kisses gradually grow deeper as I quicken the pace of my hips.*
*My tip rubs against her deepest parts as our tongues intertwine.*
Ushio: "Ah, ahh...! Ah, haa, ah... mm! Koga-kun... mm!"
*Simply hearing my name being called sends shivers down my spine.*
*I want to hear her say my name again. I want more of her.*
Ushio: "Ah, ahh! Ah, ah... ah, you're so deep... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... because I want you to enjoy it as much as possible..."
Ushio: "Ahh, ah... ah! Mm, mm!"
*She grips my hands more strongly, as if she's trying to endure my intense motions.*
*I slow down a bit in order to alleviate that, and I see that her expression mellows. She's smiling back at me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ushio?"
Ushio: "I love you..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Umm..."
Ushio: "Why are you surprised? Didn't you want me to say that earlier?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah, but..."
*It was completely unexpected, so I can't hide my astonishment.*
*However, I'm overjoyed that she said that to me with a big smile on her face.*
Ushio: "After all, I made you say it so many times..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, you can say that again."
Ushio: "Koga-kun... I love you..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I love you too, Ushio."
Ushio: "Ah... Koga-kun..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...I love you, Ushio."
*I say that softly and give another big swing of my hips.*
*She reacts intensely when my member reaches all the way inside her shuddering body.*
Ushio: "A-Ahhh!! That was... so sudden!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I can't take it anymore... You're just way too cute."
Ushio: "If you say that... I'll, ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio... I love you. I love you so much...!"
Ushio: "Koga-kun... mm! I... I love you! I love you!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahh..."
*We relish the feeling of each other's bodies and warmth.*
*I want us to be as one.*
Ushio: "Koga-kun... Koga-kun, I love you... I love you!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Me too... Ushio... I love you..."
Ushio: "Ahh, ahh! Ah, ah, mm, ahh... I'm glad... you feel the same way...! More... mm, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I want to be with you more..."
*She gets tighter as our motions become rougher.*
*My dick throbs, unable to withstand it, and I get goosebumps.*
*We know that we're both about to climax, but that doesn't mean we slow down.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio... I'm gonna, mm!"
Ushio: "Yeah... mm, ah! Koga-kun... more...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......!?"
*With a look of euphoria on her face, she wraps her legs around me.*
*Of course I understand what she means by that, but I can't help but wonder if that's really okay.*
*However, she smiles, as if she's sensed my hesitation.*
Ushio: "This time... stay like this...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Geez!"
Ushio: "Ahhhh! Ah, ahh, no... I... ah! No, I'm...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
Ushio: "Ahhhhhh!!!!"
*Chills run down my spine, and I'm assaulted by an unrestrainable impulse.*
*Her body convulses as she grabs my hands tightly.*
*At that moment, my whole body trembles and my member pulsates inside her.*
Ushio: "A-Ahh... ah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry..."
Ushio: "It's... okay..."
*With an entranced expression, she smiles at me happily.*
*That face makes me think that I didn't need to apologize at all.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I love you, Ushio."
Ushio: "Yes... I love you too, Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
*The smile on her face grows even bigger after we share a kiss.*
*After the deed is done, we hurriedly clean up the room out of embarrassment.*
*It's gotten fairly late, so there shouldn't be anyone left in the school building, but even so...*
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Mooko, you all right?"
Ushio: "Huh... Ah, yes..."
*She still seems a bit dazed, like her mind is somewhere else.*
*Maybe we took things too far and went a little overboard.*
*Regardless of how cute she is, I should really learn some self-control going forward...*
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you sure you're okay? Will you be able to walk back to your room? I'm more than willing to carry you back."
Ushio: "...This is strange."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Wh-What is?"
*She ignores my question and blinks repeatedly.*
*I have no idea what she's confused about.*
Ushio: "It should be right about now..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hold on, what are you talking about?"
Ushio: "...Why?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko? You listening?"
Ushio: "Strange..."
*She tilts her head quizzically, muttering to herself, and pays me no heed.*
*Not again... She's in that state where nobody's words will get through to her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you okay, Mooko? What have you been finding strange for the past little while?"
Ushio: "I should have woken up by now. It's always around this time..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "......"
*I think I might've figured out why all of this happened in the first place.*
*I think I know, but...*
*This is...*
*What am I supposed to say now?*
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*She turns to face me.*
*We stare at each other for a while, both of us at a loss as to what to say.*
*After seeing me stay silent, she starts trembling.*
Ushio: "...No... D-Don't tell me... This..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "U-Umm... Do you mind if I ask why exactly you're wearing a suit...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, sure. Umm, in order to properly learn the fundamentals of how to control my mana, I'm going to be staying at this school."
Mitsuyoshi: "I somehow got by when we were rescuing Omaru and the others, but that was because Angel was helping me from the shadows."
Mitsuyoshi: "After everything settled down, I realized that I don't really have as good a grasp on my mana as I thought I did... so now, here I am."
Mitsuyoshi: "But I couldn't remain as a student, so I'm the principal's 'secretary'."
Ushio: "The principal's... secretary...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yep. I need to dress the part, so they gave me this suit."
Ushio: "S-So that's... why you're wearing that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Basically. Oh... I actually got back a few days ago, so... I'm sorry for not letting you know."
Mitsuyoshi: "To be honest, there was so much I had to do, I didn't have any time for myself."
Ushio: "......"
*She starts trembling again after hearing my explanation.*
*On top of that, her face is flushed, all the way to the tips of her ears... She's angry, isn't she?*
*Yeah... This is...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko... Did you think that you were in a dream this entire time...?"
Ushio: "......!!!"
Ushio: "Why didn't you say that to begin with!?"
*The moment I ask her that, she lashes out and throws a cushion at me.*
*I rush to catch it, and when I see her face again, she's in tears.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I was trying to explain, you know! You were the one who wouldn't listen!"
Ushio: "B-But, you could have like...! Said it with my best interests in mind!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You were the one who said you didn't want to hear it. What was I supposed to do?"
Ushio: "I-I...! I never..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You remember saying it, don't you?"
Ushio: "I-I don't! I-It's all because you showed up randomly like you do in my dreams! And in that outfit, too! You were always having your way with me!"
Ushio: "And yet today you were being oddly kind to me! Of course I would think that I was dreaming! That's why it's all your fault!"
Mitsuyoshi: "My fault!?"
Ushio: "It's your fault for not wearing a school uniform!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, anyway, calm down first..."
Ushio: "U-Uuuu..."
*She goes quiet after saying her piece, her eyes still wet with her tears.*
*It would be best not to aggravate her any more.*
*After a period of silence, Mooko seems to have calmed down. She stands up, albeit still looking ashamed.*
Ushio: "...L-Let's head back."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, we probably should."
Ushio: (Ahh... I just want to disappear...! It was all real...! All of it! Every last part! Ahhh...!)
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*We walk back to the dorms together with an extremely awkward air between us.*
*I try to think about what to talk about, but I decide to keep quiet, since she would only get angrier if I said something unnecessary.*
Ushio: "U-Umm, Koga-kun..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah?"
*She's the first to break the silence.*
*However, she sounds quite shy.*
Ushio: "I would prefer if we refrained from... that sort of conduct in the Bureau office from now on... I only agreed to it because, umm... I-I thought that it was a dream..."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Okay. Well, I did have my misgivings about doing it in that sort of place."
Ushio: "Then why didn't you stop me!? You should've told me that it wasn't a dream!"
Mitsuyoshi: "As if my brain would be functioning properly after you asked for it like that! You were putting me on the spot!"
Ushio: "Uuu~! I-I was not... asking you for it..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure, sure."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Do you always have dreams about doing that kind of thing with me?"
Ushio: "I do not!! It's not every time!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Uhh, I see..."
Ushio: "......"
*So she's not denying that she's dreamt of that before...*
*She'd actually start crying if I said that out loud, so I won't.*
*She falls silent again.*
*I continue to walk beside her. It would be for the best if I didn't say anything else.*
Ushio: "...Hah."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "Hmm, haah..."
*While we're walking, she sighs several times.*
*Seeing her like that, I think for a bit... and hold her hand tightly.*
Ushio: "Hii!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio... I love you."
Ushio: "!?!?"
*Her eyes widen in surprise, and her face turns beet red.*
*It's like I'm watching a comedy routine.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I feel really bad about leaving you hanging like that... Sorry."
Mitsuyoshi: "I haven't properly apologized for it yet."
Ushio: "Huh... Ah! U-Umm, uu, ah..."
*She becomes flustered and her eyes wander, looking every which way.*
*Using her free hand, she pinches the back of the hand I'm holding and grimaces from the pain.*
*Is she trying to confirm that she's not dreaming...?*
Mitsuyoshi: "Your cuteness never ceases to amaze me."
Ushio: "Wh-Wh-What!? Ahh! A-A dream? No, it's not, umm!"
*She told me to be kind to her... but seeing her act like this makes me want to tease her.*
*I peer into her face, and that's enough to make her quiver.*
*It makes me chuckle and I put my lips close to her ear.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio-chan, it seems like you want me to say that I love you a lot, so I'll do that once a day from now on."
Ushio: "......!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ooh... Your ears are all red again."
*I smirk as I say that, and she quickly moves her face away.*
Ushio: "I-I knew you were this kind of person!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oww!!!"
*She slaps me across the face.*
*Unable to dodge, I eat the brunt of its force. She walks off with her face still red.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey! Mooko, wait! Forgive me."
Ushio: "I-I won't!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh come on, don't say that...!"
Ushio: "!!!!!"
*I hurry after her and grasp her hand once again.*
*The colour on her face turns an even deeper red.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I love you."
Ushio: "...N-Not again!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Spare me the slap."
Ushio: "......!"
*Her hand starts travelling in my direction, but I grab it before it hits me and look her in the eye.*
*Her expression is a mix of anger, distress, and embarrassment.*
*I really do love this face.*
Ushio: "Please... don't tease me so much."
Mitsuyoshi: "I will take your feedback into consideration."
Ushio: "Geez, you are such a..."
*Her smile is one of relief and exasperation.*
*At this rate, I really don't think I'll be able to stop teasing her anytime soon.*
*There's nothing I can do about that... I'm in love with her after all.*
Ushio: "Stop grinning already and let's head back."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay."
Ushio: "You... can leave your hand like that for a little while longer."
Mitsuyoshi: "You got it."
*...It was a sunny afternoon when the letter arrived.*
*Everyone else in the family was out, and I was home alone.*
*I wasn't doing much; just idly staring outside...*
Mitsuyoshi: "...We got mail?"
*Taking a look at the mailbox, there was a single sealed envelope inside.*
Mitsuyoshi: "A prospective students guide...? For me?"
*―To: Koga Mitsuyoshi*
*That was indeed my name.*
*However, the school's name didn't ring any bells.*
*It's strange, but I open it anyway...*
"Libra Lapis Lazuli Private Academy"
*Inside was a pamphlet, with a picture of what appeared to be the campus on the cover, and the school's seal.*
*There were also admission forms.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Did they mistake me for someone else...? Hmm?"
*There was a folded piece of paper.*
"Please lend us your power."
*My... power.*
"If you will grant us our wish, we shall grant you yours."
*My wish... That would be...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Ah...)
*A sweet fragrance tickled my nose.*
*Blue birds sprang from the letter in a glow of light.*
*They circled above my head several times.*
Mitsuyoshi: (......)
*―When I reached out for them, they flew up towards the sky.*
*My power.*
*My wish.*
*It would be...*
Michiru: "I'm home! Onii-chan, I bought some pudding on the way back!"
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh, great."
Michiru: "What's the matter? Why do you look so surprised?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's nothing."
Michiru: "Hmm. Well anyway, I'm going to eat it without you if you don't hurry up."
*I heaved a heavy sigh and closed my eyes.*
*The letter said that it needed my power.*
*Nobody other than my little sister should have known about my Magie powers―*
"You look anxious as to how they found out."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah."
Angel: "It's... a bit early, but it seems that your power is finally needed. Perhaps this is fate."
Mitsuyoshi: "Fate, huh?"
Angel: "Mitsuyoshi, I can sense your wish. You are me, after all."
*My wish.*
*Why do I have these powers?*
*What's going to happen from now on...?*
*What do I have to do to live with Michiru and my family... to live a normal, peaceful life?*
Angel: "There will come a time when you and I have to part ways."
Mitsuyoshi: "Angel... you mean..."
Angel: "That is for you to live as yourself, Mitsuyoshi. But before that happens, perhaps you should learn about the powers within you."
*Her words echoed within me.*
*I made up my mind.*
*I decided to attend this school, though it was a bit far.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is that it?"
*The academy appears out of nowhere.*
*After walking on this mountain path for what feels like ages, I reach a clearing and finally see my destination.*
*It was the same with the information package. Does this school like making surprises out of everything?*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's pretty big."
*I approach the front gate as I mumble that to myself.*
Mitsuyoshi: "This should be the right place..."
*I take out my student ID from my breast pocket.*
*There's no mistake about the school's name.*
*―Koga Mitsuyoshi.*
*Flipping open the cover, I see my full name, along with my student number.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is this really all that's needed?"
*When I applied using the documents that were sent to me out of nowhere, I received an almost instant reply stating my acceptance.*
*This student ID was included as well.*
*I was only able to transfer smoothly because the last school term just ended, but it wouldn't be funny if this was all one big mistake.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Please don't tell me that it was all a joke."
*A tall, conspicuous structure catches my eye as I approach the main entrance.*
*At its very top, I can see a bell shining faintly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is that... a clock tower?"
*I wonder what it sounds like.*
*While I'm looking up at the bell, I pass through the front gate.*
*Walking through the old-fashioned main building, I reach the other end.*
*Since it's so early, I barely see any other students.*
*As I walk around leisurely, taking in the surrounding scenery―*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's that?"
*There is a solitary bronze statue outside.*
*Is it of the school's founder? Those are pretty common.*
*I casually walk up to it when...*
"...What a nostalgic air."
Mitsuyoshi: (Huh!?)
*I hear a voice coming from somewhere.*
*It sounded like someone was whispering right into my ear, but there's nobody around.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Were you..."
"......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Were you... the one who talked to me just now?"
*A girl standing a distance away is staring straight at me.*
*The air around her is limpid, as if time has completely stopped for her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah...!"
*I don't know how long I stood there in silence.*
*She disappeared before I could say anything else.*
Mitsuyoshi: "She's a student here too... right?"
"Hyaa! Owwie!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Wh-What now?"
*Turning around, I see a different female student on the ground.*
Female Student: "Umm, are you Koga Mitsuyoshi?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah, I am... Are you okay?"
*I extend a hand towards her and help her up.*
*She brushes the dirt off her skirt and stands up straight.*
Momoka: "Thank you! I'm Momo... I mean, Shogoin Momoka, the Disciplinary Committee chairwoman! I keep the peace at this school!"
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Okay... Nice to meet you..."
Momoka: "I came to pick you up while keeping the peace."
Mitsuyoshi: "That'd be a great help. I'm pretty lost right now."
Momoka: "Okay! Please follow me!"
*...She said that she's the chairwoman, so is she an upperclassman?*
*I can't help but think that I've gotten caught up in something ridiculous.*
*However, I have no choice but to follow this self-proclaimed Disciplinary Committee chairwoman.*
Fuhito: "Hehehe, the time has finally come."
Ninomae: "Chii."
Fuhito: "He may seem like an ordinary human at first glance, but he's not. This 'mirror' has shown us the truth."
Ninomae: "Jii."
Fuhito: "...He is the Magie of Calamity."
Ninomae: "Chii?"
Fuhito: "The wish we've had for all these years will soon be granted. It really has been too long. How do you feel right now...?"
Ninomae: "Chii."
Fuhito: "It feels strange for me as well. I feel as excited as a child waiting for the circus to start. I'm hoping that everything goes well."
Ninomae: "...Chii!"
"That tragic incident was the result of a series of small, unfortunate events."
"The power of a Magie, which is unlike that of a human's. A tragedy caused by that great power. Numerous souls trapped in a rift between time."
"And... a ray of hope that could restore everything."
"The ray of hope known as the Magie of Calamity. He inherited the soul of the one who could save everything."
"He awakened to the powers within him at a young age, matured, and came here at the behest of those who wanted to protect this place."
"The Magie of Calamity was our hope. He would go on to rescue the souls trapped in time. And―"
"...This is a story that might have happened among the countless others."
"You could say... that it's a continuation that someone dreamed of."
*The bell rings and the classroom is abuzz.*
*Like everyone else, I get up from my seat and stretch.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm!"
Female Student: "Kyaa!"
*At the end of my extended arm is a classmate's face.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah, my bad! Are you all right?"
Female Student: "Yeah, you didn't hit me. I was in a rush, too... Oh, I have to get going."
*She and several other students are hurrying out of the classroom.*
*Students attending clubs and heading to their part-time jobs would be a normal scene at just about any school.*
*But this here Libra Lapis Lazuli Academy is a little different.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Ninomae: "Chii chi chi!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, you're as fluffy as ever today."
Mitsuyoshi: "Got it. I'll head over there right away."
Ninomae: "Chii."
*How is this school different, you ask?*
*It's because magic exists here as if it were commonplace.*
*Those with the makings of a magician secretly take classes after school to nurture their powers.*
*How to control them, proper applications of them...*
*This is a place where students learn the skills necessary to live with these powers.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...What am I going to do?)
*It's been half a year since I received that mysterious letter...*
*With the Magie of Calamity powers inside me, I resolved a certain incident.*
*That was my purpose for coming here.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I haven't thought about what comes after that.)
Fuhito: "My... It sure is peaceful."
Momoka: "Principal! That rice cake is mine! Ahh, you already ate it."
Fuhito: "Nom nom nom... Hehehe!"
Fuhito: "Oh! Welcome, Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "You suddenly called me over here. Did something happen? You seem to be taking it pretty easy..."
Fuhito: "Now, now, have a seat first. Oh, feel free to pour some tea for yourself."
*Both the principal and Momo-senpai are drinking out of their steaming teacups.*
*No matter how I look at it, this is just a laidback tea party.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Don't tell me she was bored and just wanted someone to talk to.)
*...I still haven't fully grasped the way she thinks.*
*Not left with much of a choice, I pour myself a cup of tea from the pot and sit down.*
Momoka: "Uu... That was mine..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, Momo-senpai, this plate seems to have been left for me... You can have it if you like."
Momoka: "Really!? Yay! ♪ Thank you!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Principal, umm... What exactly did you need me for?"
Fuhito: "You sure are impatient, aren't you? It's important to take the time to relax and enjoy some tea, boy. Well anyway, let's get down to business."
Fuhito: "How are things going, Koga-kun? Have you gotten used to this school yet?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? M-More or less..."
*The exceedingly normal question throws me for a loop.*
Fuhito: "Good, good. You've been a great help to us. It's all thanks to your hard work that we can relax like this."
Mitsuyoshi: "Th-Thanks..."
*What's going on?*
*I get the feeling that there's something outrageous waiting for me after this.*
Fuhito: "And so I've been thinking."
Mitsuyoshi: "About?"
Fuhito: "Do you remember the letter that was initially delivered to you?"
*The letter... Ah, yes.*
"If you will grant us our wish, we shall grant you yours."
*That's what was written in it. In exchange for granting this school's wish, they'd grant mine.*
Fuhito: "We'll keep our promise of fulfilling one of your wishes. I don't care if you want to go back to your ordinary life at home."
Fuhito: "If you wish to seal away your Magie powers, we'll find some way to do it."
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
Fuhito: "I know full well how difficult it is to live in the regular world with them."
*My heart races.*
*Magie powers. Fearsome powers.*
*They have always been within me. That won't change for as long as I'm alive... or so I thought.*
Fuhito: "Was I too abrupt in bringing this topic up?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No... Not at all..."
*If I could get rid of these powers...*
*If I could forget I ever even had them...*
*It's not the first time those thoughts have crossed my mind.*
Mitsuyoshi: (But―)
Angel: "Mitsuyoshi, I don't think that's a bad idea."
*Nobody else can see her, but she's the "key" inside of me.*
Mitsuyoshi: (If I didn't have these powers, I could live without any worries. That might be the happiest and most comfortable option.)
Mitsuyoshi: (But I want to know.)
Angel: "I can hear you. The beats of your heart are honest."
Mitsuyoshi: (I... want to know why I was born with this soul.)
Angel: "It's for your own sake, since there will be a day when I'll disappear, right?"
Angel: "Even after that time comes... you'll still have to live together with these powers."
*I already knew the answer.*
*I nod at Angel and take a deep breath.*
Fuhito: "What's the matter? You seem like your mind is somewhere else. You don't have to respond right away. You're more than welcome to stay at this school until..."
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I've decided."
*She looks at me in surprise.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I want to become one with these powers within me. I'd like to do that in order to return to the regular world."
Fuhito: "...I see. Then there are two things you will have to do."
Fuhito: "The first is to learn how to control and restrain your mana. The second would be to study magical tomes. The basics are important after all."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay."
*Studying magical tomes, huh?*
*I'm curious as to what's written in them.*
Fuhito: "Oh, I forgot the most important part. Koga-kun, what wish do you want granted?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? You mean just studying here isn't..."
Fuhito: "Ha ha ha! That's not a wish at all. As a school, of course we'd accept all students who wish to come here."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is that so? In that case... give me some time to think about it."
Fuhito: "Understood. I'll be creating a curriculum for you, which I'll give to you later. Make sure you put everything you have into your studies."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Haah..."
Angel: "It's unusual to see you sighing."
*The scenery in the hallway hasn't changed from how it was about half an hour ago.*
*Myself included.*
Angel: "Your heart contains both worry and anticipation... Many people experience that when something wonderful is about to happen."
Mitsuyoshi: (I sure hope that's the case.)
*The bell signalling the end of classes chimes.*
*As usual, the classroom is full of commotion―*
Fuhito: "Koga-kun, over here."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? P-Principal!?"
Fuhito: "Today's your first day. I was thinking of going with you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Whoa... This place is amazing."
Fuhito: "Hahaha, I suppose you haven't been here before."
*The bookshelves crammed with old books almost reach the ceiling.*
*It's supposed to be a library, but it's vastly different from any I've ever been to.*
*It's like a magician's room straight out of some movie... Wait a second.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Right, it would make sense for it to be like a magician's room.)
Fuhito: "You're not a regular student here, so I've come up with a special curriculum for you. Along with it comes... he he he!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...What?"
*She smiles defiantly.*
Fuhito: "Because of that, you are going to find yourself in a situation that would make many young men happy~"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Fuhito: "Hey, Rito! That matter I spoke to you about a while ago. Could I ask you to take care of that now?"
Rito: "...Sure."
*I hear a voice coming from the far end of this stretch of bookshelves.*
*It's a curious, almost whisper-like voice.*
*I then hear soft footsteps approaching.*
Fuhito: "She is... Rito. Her responsibility is to commit everything here to memory."
Rito: "Nice to meet you."
*Her skin and hair are pale in colour.*
*In contrast to that, her eyes are as vivid as the setting sun.*
Rito: "...What a nostalgic air."
*She's the one I saw when I first arrived.*
Fuhito: "Mm, Koga-kun. Usually, you would introduce yourself here!"
Mitsuyoshi: "R-Right. My name's Koga Mitsuyoshi. It's a bit sudden, but I decided to learn about magic, starting from square one."
Rito: "I heard about that from Tsuduraorizaka Fuhito already."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Huh?"
*Did she... just refer to the principal by name?*
Fuhito: "It's great that you're quick on the uptake~"
*She's acting the same as always.*
*This girl... Rito is wearing the same uniform as me and the other students, but is she not actually a student?*
Fuhito: "Well then, Rito, I'm leaving him with you."
Rito: "Okay."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Principal, you haven't explained anything to me yet."
Fuhito: "Don't worry. It'll be fine. ♪ Ah hahahaha!"
*She leaves in the blink of an eye.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, thanks for doing this for me... So what are we going to start with?"
Rito: "Sit down over there."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Okay."
*I do as I'm told, and Rito brings out a pen, a notebook, and a thick, old-looking book.*
Rito: "You first need to learn how to read these books. Start by tracing out the characters."
Mitsuyoshi: "From this book? All right..."
*It's not exactly a textbook, is it?*
*When I open it, I see walls of characters I've never seen before.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You're kidding me. This is what I'm going to have to read?"
Rito: "At first, you'll have to be constantly flipping through a dictionary, but sooner or later, your soul will be able to understand it."
Mitsuyoshi: "......?"
Rito: "That won't happen immediately, of course. It would be problematic if someone could easily decipher a magical tome."
Mitsuyoshi: "W-Well... That makes sense."
*This book's not going to suddenly bite me, is it?*
Rito: "There's no need to be afraid. I have already grasped everything that is here."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hahaha, I guess so."
Rito: "Granted, that is limited to what is here."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*She sits down directly opposite me as she says that.*
*Fortunately, even I'm able to use the dictionary.*
*However, having to refer to it while reading these unfamiliar characters is more difficult than I expected.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, does this mean 'gunpowder'? Wait, no."
Rito: "Take a close look at the last character. It has a bit of a tail sticking up, no?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What!? You're right. It means 'fruit' then... Ah, that makes sense."
Rito: "Give me a minute."
*After thinking for a moment, Rito stands up and walks among the bookshelves.*
Rito: "This book will probably be more useful to you."
*With practiced actions, she pulls out a stool and stands on top of it.*
*I'm sure this is how she always gets to books that are too high for her to reach.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you could've just asked me to―"
Rito: "......!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey!!"
*This might've been my fault.*
*The only difference for her today is that I'm here.*
Rito: "......!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oww, books sure hurt a lot, don't they?"
Rito: "Koga Mitsuyoshi, are you injured?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I'm fine. Anyway, you should tell me if you need to get a book that's high up!"
Rito: "......"
*Without saying a word, she crouches down to pick up the fallen books.*
*I do the same, kneeling down beside her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's my first time learning magic, and I'm causing you a lot of trouble since I'm such a slow learner. It's the least I could do."
Rito: "...Not at all."
*The words slip from her mouth.*
*But her eyes are staring straight at me.*
Rito: "Not knowing anything just means that you're able to learn all that much more."
Mitsuyoshi: "I guess that's a good thing then."
*Old books, dust, and this girl named Rito.*
*Thus began my new life at Libra Lapis Lazuli Academy.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, this one, and this... This one too, gak, ack!"
Rito: "Are you okay...? Watch your step."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm fine. There might be dust falling, so you should get out of the way."
*I regain my balance while holding onto a book that's white with dust.*
*I had to pull it out while tiptoeing on the highest rung of this stepladder.*
Mitsuyoshi: "This book is super old, huh? It doesn't look like anyone's touched it in a while."
Rito: "...Yes. It was a very long time ago that I memorized it."
Mitsuyoshi: "You've read this one too?"
*Her lips curl up slightly... I think.*
*She has everything here committed to memory.*
*That's what the principal said.*
Mitsuyoshi: (There's no way. I'm sure she just meant that Rito knows a lot about magic.)
Rito: "Today we'll go through page 304 of 'The Magic and Medicinal Herbs of Edinburgh'. It contains very useful information."
*The yellowed pages are once again filled with cryptic characters.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ugh... I have to decipher again, huh?"
Rito: "Here is the dictionary."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know, but... No, never mind. I'll push through it."
Rito: "It's okay."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh...?"
Rito: "You can ask me anything you don't understand."
Mitsuyoshi: "Th-Thanks."
*As I'm working my way through this book, Rito is perusing another one.*
*And strangely enough, whenever I'm stuck somewhere, she raises her head and looks at me.*
Rito: "What don't you understand?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, right... Here. Is this a picture of a required apparatus?"
Rito: "Yes. The Magie who wrote this once possessed a great power, but―"
*Her hair sways as she tilts her head.*
*She blinks her large eyes.*
*However, she just continues to look at me.*
Rito: "......? Was my explanation difficult to understand?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, that's not it. It's nothing."
Rito: "That's good. There is a lot you have to learn, and you looked confused."
*It's true that I'm confused.*
*How long has it been since I first started studying magical tomes after school?*
*If anything, she's extremely kind in spite of her curt speech.*
*But this awkward distance between us won't close at all.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Was I always this bad at talking to others...?)
Rito: "Next, we'll skip a few pages and jump to page 341. If you read it, it should make things easier to understand."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Three hundred and... what page again?"
Rito: "Page 341. However..."
*She shuts the book.*
Rito: "You seem somewhat tired."
Mitsuyoshi: "Not at―"
*Before I'm able to even respond, Rito heads into a room in the back.*
*Located there is the one thing that feels out of place in this old library.*
*It's an electric kettle, which Rito turns on.*
*Fire is prohibited, considering all of the books here.*
Rito: "Koga Mitsuyoshi, what kind of tea leaves would you prefer?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah...! It was that!"
Rito: "...'That'? We don't have that brand of tea."
Mitsuyoshi: "My name! I'm talking about my name."
Rito: "......?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, umm, could I ask you for a favour?"
Rito: "Have you already gotten bored of studying magic?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, no, there's no way that'd happen. The way you say my name. Could you refer to me the same way everyone else does?"
Rito: "The same way..."
*I hear the water in the kettle starting to bubble.*
Rito: "I don't know what that is."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh...? Anything works, like Koga or Mitsuyoshi. I just call you Rito for example."
Rito: "Can I use what I've heard certain people say?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure."
*Her gaze slowly moves left and right before suddenly stopping.*
Rito: "In that case, Koga...-kun. I'll try using that."
Mitsuyoshi: "Great."
*I can feel something in my chest welling up, like the bubbles rising up in the boiling water.*
*That small change in the distance between us caused that.*
Mitsuyoshi: (...Maybe I was the one who put up a wall between us.)
Rito: "......?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, actually... There's a couple things that I wanted to ask you about."
Rito: "I'd be glad to help."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I'm not referring to the magical tome. Stuff like... what class you're in during the day."
Rito: "I'm in none of them."
Mitsuyoshi: "Really?"
Rito: "Yes, I'm always here."
Mitsuyoshi: "So you've already completed the regular curriculum... That's incredible."
Rito: "I had plenty of time."
Mitsuyoshi: "Even so, you don't have to attend them anymore. You must be really smart."
Rito: "Because I've always been here."
*I don't think she's angry or anything.*
*She only says the bare minimum needed. It's her own unique trait.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, and one more thing."
*It's something I've always wanted to ask if I had a chance like this.*
*It's about when I first arrived at this school.*
*The words that she muttered back then―*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wha―!?"
Rito: "......!"
Momoka: "Hah, hah, hah, I-I-I'm so sorry!"
Momoka: "I-I know that I shouldn't make so much noise here, but... Hah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Momo-senpai, please calm down first! What happened?"
*Momo-senpai, who burst into the library like a bullet, is doubled over while trying to catch her breath.*
Momoka: "Hah, hah, I-I can't calm down! Th-There's something I want to ask you!"
Rito: "If I'm able to be of assistance, feel free."
Momoka: "Right, you see... I want... to know the details and weaknesses of a Mist that howls like a wolf and flies around everywhere at crazy speeds, crashing into everything."
Rito: "That's perfect timing. It's written in this book."
*Momo-senpai takes the thick book that Rito hands to her.*
*She flips through it with a serious expression on her face, looking completely different than she usually does.*
Momoka: "You're right!!"
Mitsuyoshi: (..."Mist"?)
*Momo-senpai said that just now.*
Momoka: "I think we'll be able to... Ah!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "G-Get down!!"
*In the heat of the moment, I grab and pull both of them down by their arms with all my might.*
*While we're on the ground, a sharp wind blows past above us.*
Rito: "Mm...!"
Momoka: "Kyaaaa!"
*Something flew past us.*
*It runs into bookshelves and the walls of the library, sending heavy books tumbling down.*
*None of us are able to move as we protect ourselves from the books coming from every which way.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is that... the 'Mist'!?"
*I've seen that term come up in the magical tomes I've studied.*
*It's a magical tool that's attracted to the wishes and desires of humans.*
*Kral Lazurit, the founder of this school, collected them from all around the world and sealed them, giving them the name of "Mists".*
Momoka: "W-W-W-W-Wait! Don't move!"
*It produces howling winds as it flies around inside the library.*
Rito: "...This is bad. It's searching for something. If we don't stop it soon, it will destroy everything."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, wait! It's dangerous...!!"
*These books are more important to her than anything else.*
*There's no way she'll listen to me.*
Momoka: "We have... to seal it... quickly..."
*Momo-senpai stands up as well, taking something out of her pocket and holding it up high.*
Momoka: "Umm, I-I, Shogoin Momo... Momoka, by...!"
Momoka: "Hyaaa!"
Rito: "Shogoin Momoka, you should withdraw for now... It's dangerous."
Momoka: "B-But at this rate, kyaa!"
Rito: "......!"
*For a moment, time moved extremely slowly for me.*
*One thick book.*
*It's flying towards Rito's head as she's about to turn around.*
Mitsuyoshi: (At this rate... At this rate, Rito will...)
*Characters appear in my head as I instinctively reach out.*
*They're from a magical tome belonging to some country I don't know.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ah."
*They come together to form words, creating meaning.*
*They readily turn into sounds from deep within my soul.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I-I, Koga Mitsuyoshi, by my blood, my soul, and this talisman, proof of the contract of yore, command thee."
Momoka: "Why do you...!?"
Rito: "The talisman, quickly."
*Taking the piece of paper from Momo-senpai, Rito rubs it against my finger.*
*Doing so tinges the paper with a small amount of my blood.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Time, halt!"
*I have no idea what those words mean.*
*Nor do I know why I shouted them out loud.*
*All I know is that the ferocious winds in the room have subsided.*
Momoka: "No way...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What in the world happened?"
Momoka: "...Amazing! That was so amazing! Koga, you can seal Mists!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "S-Seal? You mean what I did just now?"
*While Momo-senpai shakes her head in disbelief, Rito is picking up books behind her while sighing.*
Rito: "To think that the Eclipse would have such a great effect..."
Momoka: "Yeah, the principal said that it would be huge this time around! Really, what are we going to do?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Wh-What's this 'Eclipse' you're talking about?"
Rito: "The Day of the Eclipse is soon arriving."
Mitsuyoshi: "Do we need to offer a sacrifice or something?"
Momoka: "Geez, don't turn it into something so gruesome~!!"
Rito: "It is a day that occurs once every few years. Spells and magical tools are strengthened greatly. In other words, the seals on Mists will be prone to abnormalities."
Mitsuyoshi: "So stuff like what happened just now will be more common?"
Momoka: "That's right! In the coming days, the Disciplinary Committee will be on our highest guard!"
Momoka: "But... the Mists are still going to escape. And when they do, we have no choice but to seal them."
*She suddenly slumps her shoulders.*
Momoka: "And!! We're told that we can't explain what's going on to anyone else, and I'm the only one who can seal them! It's just awful!"
Momoka: "And because the effectiveness of the seals has weakened, I have to stick two talismans on, and two days ago, I was running around all day! I'm sick of this!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Th-That sounds rough..."
*I'd be complaining too if I had to do that every day.*
*I don't think Momo-senpai has much stamina either.*
Momoka: "With that being said... Hehehehe."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!?"
Momoka: "Rito, I'm borrowing Koga for a teensy little bit! Oh, and I'll come back later to help with cleaning up the books."
Rito: "That would be appreciated."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait, Momo-senpai? What's going on?"
*She has a tight grip on my arm.*
Momoka: "Well, I can't catch them all by myself. Thank goodness you have this talent, Koga!"
Momoka: "Ah! Maybe this is... the revival... of the legendary Bureau!? This is getting exciting! ♪"
Mitsuyoshi: "Bureau...? Wh-What is that?"
Momoka: "Let's get going!!"
Momoka: "Principal!! We have something we'd like to discuss with you!!"
Ninomae: "Chi! Chi chi chi chii chi!"
Momoka: "Wah, sorry, sorry! You don't need to be so angry, Ninomae-kun."
Ninomae: "...Chii chii."
Fuhito: "Shogoin-san and Koga-kun? What an unusual pair. Well, take a seat."
*We sit down side by side, following the principal's instructions.*
Fuhito: "Shogoin-san, you seemed to be having a hard time with today's Mist. Was everything okay?"
Momoka: "Yes! It was safely sealed, all thanks to Koga!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? Wait, wait, hold on a second, Momo-senpai."
Fuhito: "Oh? I see..."
*I'm being left out of the loop.*
*But I know.*
*That I'm at the heart of their conversation.*
Momoka: "Principal, Koga is, unlike me, extremely suited for doing sealing work. Now is the perfect time to revive the Bureau! ♪"
Fuhito: "Hmm, hmm. I see."
Ninomae: "Chii... chi chi chi."
Mitsuyoshi: "I have a question! Please fill me in on something, Principal!"
Fuhito: "Hmm? Go ahead."
Mitsuyoshi: "What exactly is this Bureau that Momo-senpai is talking about?"
Momoka: "...Ah."
Fuhito: "Shogoin-san, did you not explain it to him?"
*Momo-senpai sticks out her tongue, to which the principal sighs in response and promptly starts describing it.*
Fuhito: "'Bureau' is the nickname for the Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs. Doesn't that sound cool?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...What happens there?"
Fuhito: "I was getting to that! Magical tools, for various reasons, can go rampant or possess someone or something..."
Fuhito: "In many cases, they are the Mists that we keep here at this school. The Bureau is responsible for investigating and sealing them."
Fuhito: "However, not just any person can be a member. Only those students who are able to keep it a secret can be tasked with this role. As a result, it was abolished."
Momoka: "Right now, I'm the only one who can seal Mists... and with the upcoming Eclipse, I'm totally overworked... Sniff."
*I frantically try to sort through this huge influx of information.*
*But no matter how much I think about it, I only see one conclusion.*
Mitsuyoshi: "So you're saying that I'm able to do this sealing thing?"
*They nod their heads.*
Mitsuyoshi: "And we have to stop incidents like what happened earlier?"
*They nod their heads even harder.*
Mitsuyoshi: "No matter what?"
Momoka: "I mean... doesn't a revival sound cool?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Can't you do that by yourself?"
Momoka: "...Uu, I'm actually... not that good at sealing... I said this earlier, didn't I...? I need two talismans when you only needed one."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Is this decision already set in stone?"
Fuhito: "Yep. Principal's orders!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Fuhito: "You have a remarkable aptitude, but your knowledge is still not up to par. Work with Rito and help out in the days surrounding the Day of the Eclipse!"
*I can't do anything except reply with "yes".*
Mitsuyoshi: "Man, there's still a ton of stuff I have to learn, and now this gets thrown at me..."
Angel: "...Hehehe, you don't have to get so depressed."
*She says it in such a carefree manner.*
*I'm the one who owns the body that's running around getting hit by things here.*
Angel: "I'm sure that this will benefit you in the long run."
Mitsuyoshi: (Really now...?)
Angel: "Yes, I'm positive."
*Ever since I was assigned to the Bureau at Momo-senpai's suggestion, I haven't had a peaceful day.*
*Studying magic in the library... was supposed to be one of my main objectives, but I haven't been making much progress.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Angel said that it would benefit me, but will it really?)
*I step out into the busy hallway and head towards the library.*
*Apparently, the Bureau used to have their own room.*
*Right now, since I'm the only one in it, I only get a dedicated corner of the library.*
*―Suddenly...*
Ninomae: "Chii chi chi chi!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Whoa!"
*He coils himself around my neck, moving in circles.*
*I can't help but contort my body from the ticklish sensation.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, stop that. What do you want?"
Ninomae: "Chi chi! Chii chi chi chi chi!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I have no idea what you're saying."
Momoka: "Ahhh! There you are!!"
*Momo-senpai runs up to me, her baggy uniform swinging as she does.*
*Judging from her appearance, something troublesome must've happened.*
Momoka: "Thank you, Ninomae-kun! Phew... Koga! It's time for the Bureau to mobilize!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Okay... The same as usual?"
Momoka: "No, it's different!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Huh?"
*Her expression tenses up and she takes a deep breath.*
Momoka: "A bunch of Mists activated simultaneously this time. This has never happened before... The Disciplinary Committee is holding off most of them, but one of them is super dangerous."
Mitsuyoshi: "What kind of Mist is it?"
Momoka: "It's a ball of light, and it flies around really fast. We've retrieved and are caring for the students affected by it, but we haven't been able to seal the Mist itself."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see... All right. Where is it now?"
Momoka: "A couple Disciplinary Committee members have trapped it inside the chapel."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll head over there right now."
*Thankfully, I always have the sealing talismans with me in my pocket.*
*However, as I'm about to sprint off, Momo-senpai grabs my arm.*
Momoka: "Wait, Koga! That one is extremely dangerous!"
Mitsuyoshi: "How so?"
Momoka: "The first student affected by it and the Disciplinary Committee members chasing it all collapsed. That Mist aims for people."
Momoka: "When the ball of light hits someone, it sucks out all their mana, and it gets bigger as it does..."
*I think this is the most serious I've ever seen her be.*
*She must be worried about all the students who have fainted.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Got it. I'll be careful. Momo-senpai, go take care of the ones who are unconscious."
Momoka: "Of course! Leave it to me."
*I give her a strong nod and head for the chapel.*
Disciplinary Committee Member: "Ah, Koga-san! This way. It's inside here..."
Disciplinary Committee Member: "Kyaa!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Whoa... That was close. I'll be fine by myself, so you stand back."
Disciplinary Committee Member: "O-Okay. Please be careful."
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn, it's freezing in here... What's going on?"
*The chapel feels like a refrigerator.*
*There isn't even an air conditioner in here.*
*It must be the work of that Mist.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Where are you!? Get out here so I can seal you already!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Whooaa!"
*A basketball-sized orb is flying around at an incredible speed.*
*It matches Momo-senpai and the Disciplinary Committee member's description.*
*The glowing ball rebounds every time it runs into a wall.*
Momoka: "When the ball of light hits someone, it sucks out all their mana, and it gets bigger as it does..."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's not gonna be fun if I get hit by that thing."
Angel: "You're exactly right. If you do and it absorbs your mana, it will probably be strong enough to destroy this whole school."
Mitsuyoshi: (...Whoa, you surprised me there. Are you serious about that?)
Angel: "Why would I lie? I was getting quite uneasy and couldn't help but comment."
Mitsuyoshi: (Got it. I'll seal it ASAP.)
*I take out a talisman and hurl it at the Mist.*
*I've gotten fairly used to doing this.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right!"
*The moment the talisman lands on the Mist, I bite my finger.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I-I, Koga Mitsuyoshi, by my blood, my soul, and..."
*The depths of my body grow hot in response to the chant.*
*All that's left is for me to concentrate and...*
Angel: "......!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What the...!?"
*The ball of light swells up, as if it were taking a deep breath, and sends the talisman flying.*
Angel: "Mitsuyoshi, be careful!"
*I notice it the instant Angel shouts out.*
*The talisman is flying straight towards me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Guh!!"
*I hold my hands out and manage to just barely catch it.*
*It feels much firmer than I'd expect paper to be, and I probably would've gotten hurt if it weren't for Angel.*
Mitsuyoshi: "A talisman getting ripped off after it's been stuck on... That's a first."
Angel: "Don't let down your guard!"
*I hurriedly raise my head and see the orb drifting back and forth as if it were bouncing around.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is it planning on attacking me!?"
Angel: "Mitsuyoshi, your hand! Let's try using interference."
*I nod and raise an arm up high.*
*I lock hands with Angel and we become one.*
Angel: "It will only be effective for a short period of time... Can you do it?"
Mitsuyoshi: (Got it!)
*The only thing I can do is focus and make sure that the power within me doesn't go rampant.*
*I put my faith in Angel and use my Magie powers.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Did... it work?"
*The chapel falls silent.*
*I don't feel a hint of the coldness from earlier.*
*The Mist is frozen in midair.*
*Time inside this place appears to have completely stopped.*
*Though in reality, it hasn't actually stopped... or so I've been told.*
Angel: "Run, Mitsuyoshi. I know next to nothing regarding the procedure for sealing...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hah... Hah... Hah..."
*I know that it's bad manners to burst into the library.*
*I'm so out of breath right now that I can barely speak.*
*However, this is a race against time.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito, sorry... We've got a bit of a problem on our hands right now."
*I wait for a few seconds, but there's no response.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito...? Is she not here?"
*I've never seen her absent from here before.*
*Though that makes sense. She's not going to be here around the clock.*
Mitsuyoshi: (What am I going to do now? I'm not going to make it in time if I have to look it up myself.)
*I've heard from Rito where the books pertaining to sealing are.*
*But I'd have to go through an enormous number of them to find the details for this exact Mist.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I guess I'll have to power through as much as I can in the time I have..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
*I hear a sound coming from the back.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Thank goodness! There's something I need to ask..."
Rito: "Ah... Koga-kun."
*This can't be happening.*
*Why here, of all places?*
*What is going on?*
*My brain is flooded with questions.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Uwah, m-my bad."
Mitsuyoshi: "D-Did something happen?"
Rito: "I accidentally spilled some tea on myself."
Rito: "After some searching, I found that the best solution is to wash the clothes quickly with water."
*She answers me while remaining half-dressed.*
*Of course, I can see pretty much everything.*
Rito: "Koga-kun, you sounded like you were in a hurry earlier."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry..."
Rito: "It's okay. I already expected that things would turn out this way ever since it was decided that you would be working for the Bureau."
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Hey, umm..."
Rito: "What do you need?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh..."
Rito: "There must be some reason why you rushed here."
*She talks in her usual, serious tone of voice.*
*Is she teasing me or something?*
*No, there's no way. She wouldn't do something like that.*
Rito: "Tell me what I need to do."
Mitsuyoshi: "W-Well... there's... a Mist... and the sealing's not going great."
*Her looking straight at me makes it hard for me to look away.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's a Mist that gets bigger as it absorbs the mana of others... Wh-When I stuck a talisman on it... it got blown off..."
Rito: "Let's see, the closest example would be―"
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait, you don't have to explain it in detail! Just tell me which book I need to look at!"
Rito: "Are you sure? In that case, the journal on the third shelf of the 27th bookshelf should have an account of it."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Rito: "I'll lead you there."
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Hold on a minute!"
*Without putting on the uniform that's sitting right beside her, she starts walking off.*
Mitsuyoshi: "No, seriously! Wait!"
Rito: "There's no time, is there?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You can't go walking around looking like that!"
Rito: "...Hyaa!"
*I hastily throw the school uniform at her.*
Rito: "Are you saying... to prioritize this instead?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yes, please do."
Rito: "I understand."
Rito: "Is this better?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah... Thanks..."
*She's back to her usual appearance.*
*But my heart is pounding like crazy.*
Rito: "Here it is. This book... on this page."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're right. It's exactly like the Mist we're dealing with now."
*The diagram matches the Mist that's rampaging in the chapel perfectly.*
Rito: "You will need to use a preliminary sealing spell before placing the talisman on it."
*She raises her head after I nod.*
Rito: "You're using your power, aren't you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, but it won't last for much longer."
Rito: "I'll come with you then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wha...!?"
Rito: "It would take you far too long to decipher and read this by yourself."
Mitsuyoshi: "Uu... That's true..."
Rito: "I'll come with you and tell you the necessary information."
*It's an unexpected suggestion, coming from her.*
*I can't imagine her leaving the library.*
Rito: "...Haaaaahhhh."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito?"
Rito: "......"
*She seems like she's looking far off into the distance.*
*Is it loneliness? Fear? Her expression is hard to describe in a single word.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm counting on you, Rito."
Rito: "Ah...!"
*I hold her hand tightly.*
*I can feel a weak grip coming from her cold hand.*
*It's a faint, awkward sensation.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's run."
Rito: "Okay."
*I start running, her hand in mine.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Did... we make it?"
Rito: "......"
*From the outside, the chapel doesn't appear to have taken any damage.*
*Thanks to the Disciplinary Committee keeping other students away, it doesn't seem like anyone's opened the door.*
Rito: "There's a powerful spell... Is this your doing, Koga-kun?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, time's stopped inside... sort of."
Rito: "I see. Strictly speaking, it doesn't appear to be stopped... However, there are some fluctuations..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Seriously!? Damn it, we're almost out of time then."
*She nods and reaches for the door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait! It's dangerous, so let me open it. The Mist inside is pretty annoying."
Rito: "...Dangerous? But wouldn't it be the same for you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It wouldn't."
*I gulp as I place my hand on the heavy door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "If it starts moving once I open the door... you make a run for it."
*The air is tense.*
*Thankfully, the spell that Angel and I cast here is still alive.*
*But my sixth sense is telling me that it's gradually weakening.*
Rito: "Koga-kun, we can't use the preliminary sealing spell while yours is still active."
Mitsuyoshi: "So the real challenge is going to be after I make time move at its normal speed again, huh?"
Rito: "Yes. When that happens, I doubt that the Mist will be able to manifest its true powers."
Mitsuyoshi: "Got it."
*How long did we spend looking up at that ball of light?*
*We definitely didn't miss the moment when its contour blurred ever so slightly.*
Rito: "Whisper these words as you produce chains in your heart."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Okay."
*She opens the book that she's holding and points to some text.*
Rito: "I cannot say them, so be sure not to make any mistakes."
*The orb grows blurrier and blurrier, and the room temperature plummets.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...It's moving."
*I feel like a nervous wreck right now.*
*Meanwhile, Rito calmly dictates what I need to do.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Picture chains, capturing that thing...)
*With a sealing talisman in hand, I concentrate and whisper the words that Rito showed me.*
Angel: "You've gotten quite good at this."
Mitsuyoshi: (...Huh?)
Angel: "Don't get distracted. Now, release your power!"
*An invisible force moves my arm.*
*For a second, I see chains flying out.*
Angel: "The interference from your soul's spell has completely disappeared now."
*The ball of light looks like it's being restrained by something.*
*I once again throw the talisman at it and recite the chant.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Time, halt!"
*My eyes are assaulted by a flash of white light.*
*I reach out to the person who's standing beside me.*
*Without a doubt, Rito is still there.*
*Slowly, I regain my vision―*
Rito: "The sealing was successful."
*I walk up to where the Mist was. The ball of light has disappeared, and in its place is a small ring.*
*This is the Mist's true form.*
Momoka: "Are you okay!?"
Momoka: "I felt a huge magical shockwave just now! I was so worried... Thank goodness you're safe."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito helped me out, so I managed somehow."
Momoka: "Rito... What!? You were here!?"
*She looks extremely shocked and her eyes are fixed on Rito.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Momo-senpai?"
Momoka: "No, it's nothing. I-I was just thinking that it was unusual... Ah."
Momoka: "This might work! Yeah, how about you two team up to seal Mists? With Rito's knowledge and Koga's mana, you two would be really strong!! Yeah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Hold on, Momo-senpai."
*She runs off before I'm able to say anything else.*
Momoka: "I'm going to let the principal know immediately!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahh... Not again... Sorry about this, Rito."
Rito: "What are you apologizing for?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It looks like I've gotten you wrapped up in this, too."
Rito: "Shogoin Momoka's analysis was correct in my opinion. We don't know what may happen in the days surrounding the Eclipse."
Mitsuyoshi: "So, you're saying that... you're okay with this?"
Rito: "I find it to be a great plan."
*And so, the day of our first sealing together came to an end...*
*...marking the beginning of our days of running around together.*
*Walking down to the library has become an everyday occurrence to me now.*
*Perhaps I've gotten more used to it, but I don't get fed up anymore when confronted with a thick magical tome.*
Rito: "Hello there."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll be counting on you again today."
Rito: "Yes. I do hope that we'll finally be able to finish one book today..."
*She forces a small smile on her face.*
*I'm probably making the same expression right now."*
Mitsuyoshi: "I hope so too... Wait."
*I suddenly hear the sound of running footsteps.*
*Looks like I'm not going to be making progress with my studies today either.*
Fuhito: "Ohh! I found you! Thank goodness~"
Ninomae: "Chii, chi chi chi chi!"
Mitsuyoshi: "P-Principal!?"
*I wasn't expecting her to come here.*
*I get up from my chair, puzzled by this turn of events.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What brings you all this way, Principal?"
Fuhito: "I sent Shogoin-san and the Disciplinary Committee members on an errand, you see. Honestly, what bad timing this is."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is it another Mist?"
Fuhito: "Correct~! According to the witness, it looks like a stuffed rabbit."
Mitsuyoshi: "Were there Mists that looked like stuffed animals?"
*When I mutter that out loud, the principal says that I have the wrong idea and goes on to explain the details.*
*Apparently, that stuffed animal is something an alumnus left behind, not the actual Mist.*
Fuhito: "I'll do something about the students affected by it. Could you seal it quickly before this turns into an even bigger mess?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Quickly, huh...? Well, we'll try our best."
Fuhito: "Good! I've been told that it's on the roof of the east dorms. Thanks for taking care of it~"
Ninomae: "Chi chi chi chi!"
*Just like how she arrived, the principal leaves like a storm.*
Rito: "The roof of the east dorms... Let's go."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I'm hoping it's not another annoying one."
*When we arrive at the scene, a stuffed animal pokes its head out from the shadows.*
*It looks like we've found our target.*
*―I wAnT uS tO bE tOgEtHeR.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Uwah!"
*The Mist's screams are like ultrasonic waves.*
*Not only does it feel like my eardrums are about to rupture, but so does my brain.*
*―ThAt. ThIs. StAy WiTh Me.*
Rito: "Koga-kun!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Damn it!"
*I shield Rito's head as we duck.*
*Various accessories like ribbons and brooches come flying above us.*
*The stuffed animal skillfully uses its soft limbs to attach them to itself.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...It looks cute on the outside, but that thing's dangerous."
Rito: "That stuffed animal is nothing special. The Mist inside it is what's causing this."
Mitsuyoshi: "Why is it collecting all of this junk?"
Rito: "Only the person who activated it can answer that. It's likely that it won't stop until it obtains what it truly wants."
*I recall what the principal said.*
*That stuffed animal was left behind by an alumnus.*
*If that Mist were in sync with the feelings inside the stuffed animal...*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's going to end up summoning its former owner, isn't it?"
Rito: "That much is fine, but that Mist is one that devours souls."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right. Let's take care of this quickly then."
*This sealing should be fairly simple as long as we don't get hit by the objects flying around.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito, be careful not to get hurt."
Rito: "I know."
*I slowly close the distance and throw a talisman at the stuffed animal.*
*Luckily, it lands cleanly on the toy's back on the first try.*
*―I dOn'T nEeD tHiS. I dOn'T nEeD tHiS!*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Uu, I feel like I'm going to go deaf at this rate."
*―DoN't LeAvE mE. StAy WiTh Me!*
Mitsuyoshi: "I, by my blood, my soul, and this talisman, proof of the contract of yore, command thee:"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Time, halt!"
*―DoN't LeAvE mE!"*
Rito: "......!"
*The stuffed animal falls lifelessly onto the ground.*
*The strained atmosphere caused by the Mist is nowhere to be found.*
Mitsuyoshi: "We did it."
Rito: "Indeed..."
*She holds the stuffed animal in her arms.*
*Now that the Mist has been sealed, it's nothing more than a tattered old toy.*
Mitsuyoshi: "We should take it with us and have the principal examine it just in case."
*A cool breeze blows past.*
Rito: "...I never knew the sky could look like this."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's almost night after all."
Rito: "This is the prettiest colour that I know of."
*It's a beautiful crimson.*
*As I'm watching her... I realize that the colour of her eyes matches the dusk sky.*
*―The changes appeared gradually.*
*It's the Eclipse... the reason why Rito and I have been so busy every day.*
*I can already read simple magical tomes by myself now.*
*One day, I read a simple text about the Eclipse.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Occurs once every several years. Sealing magic is weakened. As a result, various phenomena occur.)
Mitsuyoshi: (...However, it doesn't last very long. Counteraction is possible if the flow of power is known.)
*―It doesn't last very long.*
*I wonder what this school considers "long".*
Rito: "Koga-kun, you were here?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, yeah. I was reading a book that interested me. What are we going to be studying today?"
Rito: "Well, about that... A somewhat problematic situation has come up."
Mitsuyoshi: "What happened?"
*It's rare to see her troubled like this. She leads me to the back of the library.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Whoa, what in the world?"
*The top half of one of the tall bookshelves is completely bare.*
*The books that are supposed to be there are strewn all over the floor.*
Rito: "Yesterday, a Disciplinary Committee member accidentally said a forbidden phrase."
Mitsuyoshi: "Like a spell, you mean?"
Rito: "Yes, words that this bookshelf reacts to. I managed to clean up half of it, but..."
*She points to something as she says that.*
*It's a stool that's placed right beside the bookshelf.*
*But it looks a lot smaller than the one I usually see.*
Rito: "I ordered a new stool, but that was the tallest one that was available."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see. And you can't reach that high with something so low."
Rito: "Ah...!"
*She's surprised that I get on the stool before she even finishes explaining.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Tell me how these books are organized."
Rito: "S-Sure. This is a great help."
*I place the books that she hands me one by one back onto the shelf.*
*After what feels like ages, the floor is finally clear of books.*
*We head for the desk now that the library's back to its usual appearance.*
Rito: "Thank you so much."
Mitsuyoshi: "You really love books, don't you, Rito? I've been thinking that for a while now, but today made it obvious."
Rito: "Love...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. You treated the books with such care when you were holding them and passing them to me, and I could tell just how much you treasured them..."
Rito: "......"
*She suddenly goes quiet and casts her eyes downward.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito...?"
Rito: "So people treat the things that they love with care, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, of course, because those things are important to them. Isn't it the same for you?"
Rito: "Then why... don't they try to keep their cherished items safe forever?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What's wrong? Did I say something I shouldn't have?"
Rito: "No. I just don't understand."
*She shakes her head slightly.*
Rito: "I don't yet understand the contradiction. They treat things with care, but they don't protect them forever."
*I've never seen her like this before.*
*Could this... be my fault?*
*Is it because I had her spend her time chasing down Mists with me?*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito..."
Rito: "I've never once thought that I loved books."
Rito: "Something I must protect forever. Something that is the same as me. That's what I've considered them to be―"
*It's then that I realize...*
*Hidden away in the shadows of the bookshelves is that stuffed animal.*
*We had left it with the principal, but I guess it made its way back to Rito at some point.*
*The seal's worn off by now, and it's just a tattered stuffed rabbit.*
*At one point, it was important to someone.*
Rito: "No matter how much I research it, I can't wrap my head around the reason behind this phenomenon."
*She smiles.*
*It doesn't make me feel like she's sad or troubled.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...That sort of thing isn't going to be written anywhere."
Rito: "Huh?"
*Even I can't give her an answer.*
*About why people can come to hate things they used to like.*
*About why they forget about things.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, I was the one who got you involved in all this..."
Rito: "What's wrong, Koga-kun? I don't understand."
*Even if I were to give a name and meaning to these feelings welling up within my heart...*
*I wouldn't be able to convey them to her right away.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Same here. I don't understand either."
*What would I do if I did?*
*What would she say to me if I presented her with something similar to an instinct or impulse?*
Rito: "I see. I hope... that we can understand it one day."
*At this moment, I realized what was most important to me.*
*I want these days to never change―for these days that I spent in the library to continue forever.*
*I grew accustomed to running around the school with Rito.*
*Having her by my side became as natural as breathing.*
*I get the feeling that I've felt this way for a while now.*
*―But...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Nothing lasts forever, huh?)
*These past couple days, I haven't been called to help with Bureau work as much.*
Fuhito: "Well, well, we received some fine tea leaves from a sponsor in Germany today."
Momoka: "Yay! ♪ It smells amazing."
Fuhito: "It's thanks for all the hard work you two have done this past little while."
*Once again, Momo-senpai and I weren't called here for any particular reason.*
*The relaxed atmosphere in the principal's office and the fragrant tea...*
*I experienced these a few weeks ago, too.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Do you mind if I ask you something?"
Fuhito: "What is it?"
*There's something I've been wondering about.*
Mitsuyoshi: "How much longer are the Day of the Eclipse's effects going to last?"
Fuhito: "Let's see... Based on the previous occurrences, we're past the peak. It should be over soon."
Momoka: "Hafuu, I'm already sick and tired of this..."
Fuhito: "Hahaha, the Day of the Eclipse doesn't come very often, so you don't have to worry about that. I need to thank you too, Koga-kun. You've been a great help."
Mitsuyoshi: "Right..."
*I wanted to respond normally, but the principal peers into my face after placing a cup in front of me.*
Fuhito: "Hmm? ...What's wrong? Are you tired?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, that's not it."
Fuhito: "Things will calm down soon enough, so you can resume your magic studies, yes."
*I can't tell if those are her true intentions.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I... What am I thinking?)
*I know what this feeling bubbling up inside me is.*
*I'm afraid of losing these days of running around the school with Rito.*
*Once the effects of the Day of the Eclipse pass, I'll end up back in the library, burying my head in books.*
*Though Rito will still be there.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Momoka: "What's the matter? You seem a bit weird~"
Mitsuyoshi: "I was just spacing out a bit."
Fuhito: "The Eclipse will soon be over. Once that happens, take a well-deserved break, young'uns!"
*She speaks in her usual foolish tone of voice. I wonder if I managed to respond with a smile.*
*It's the first time I've thought like this before.*
*Perhaps that's why I never realized...*
*...how those Mists I've been sealing came to be...*
*Today I felt chills on-and-off all morning.*
*Sometime in the afternoon, my face started to feel hot.*
*I realize I've caught a cold, something that doesn't even happen once a year.*
*The voices in my classroom grow distorted and my vision fades to black.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm."
*When I come to, I find myself in my room.*
*I feel somewhat listless, but nothing strange or discomforting.*
*Putting a palm to my forehand, I see that I still have a fever, but oddly enough, there's no sweat.*
Rito: "Oh, you're awake."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Huh?"
*I look around and realize that Rito is at my bedside.*
*There's a basin filled with water nearby, and she wrings out a towel in it.*
Rito: "It looks like your fever has gone down. You've stopped sweating."
Mitsuyoshi: "Have you been here this entire time?"
*She nods as she places a cool, damp towel on my forehead.*
Rito: "You didn't come at the usual time, so I asked Shogoin Momoka."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah... I just up and fainted, didn't I?"
Rito: "Thankfully, one of your classmates caught you, and you didn't sustain any injuries."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see. I rarely ever catch a cold. I never thought I'd collapse from one."
Rito: "Your fatigue was a contributing factor, and mana can play a part as well."
Mitsuyoshi: "What, really?"
*I almost get out of bed from the surprise, but she prevents me from doing so.*
Rito: "Even though your fever has subsided, you should still be resting."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Okay..."
*I should do as she says.*
*After I lie back down, Rito calmly stands up.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hmm?"
*It seems that she brought a fairly large bag here.*
*She opens it on top of the chair and takes something out.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you doing?"
Rito: "Your temperature's gone down, so I wanted to make the next thing."
Mitsuyoshi: "Next thing?"
*What she takes out is a wooden box about the size of a regular lunchbox.*
*Before I even ask what's inside it...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Wha... Rito, what... is that?"
Rito: "Ingredients."
*First to appear are some sort of leaves and twigs.*
*And it only goes downhill from there.*
*I see the silhouette of something with several legs, and I hear a faint ribbit.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait, what are these ingredients for...?"
Rito: "Medicine. I can make it so that it doesn't smell very bad, so relax."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hold on, am I going to be taking this? Seriously!?"
*She ignores me and proceeds to combine the ridiculous ingredients together.*
Rito: "I'll make sure to follow the recipe to a T. It's from an established piece of literature."
*She pulls out a book and shows it to me, as if to make me accept the current situation.*
"An Account of Vegetation and Their Relationship to Magic"... Is that the title?
*The binding looks ominous; I wouldn't be surprised if it's been soaked in some sort of poison.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm grateful that you're doing this for me... and I'm sure it works wonders, but..."
Rito: "Yes, it looks like it was extremely effective."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Huh?"
*She points beside my bed.*
*There's a cup there.*
*When I look inside it... I see the small leg of some unknown creature.*
Rito: "That was a concoction to lower your fever. It's an old recipe, but it's guaranteed to work."
*...She's right. It definitely worked.*
*I'm still not entirely convinced though.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Haahh... At least I didn't have to taste that.)
*I hear the sound of water boiling.*
*Glancing over at Rito, she looks fairly satisfied.*
Rito: "Here. It'll speed up your recovery."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Okay, sure..."
*Fortunately, the contents of the cup are black, so I can't tell what's in it.*
*But after seeing how it was made... it'll still be pretty hard to swallow.*
Rito: "Is it too hot?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, that's not the problem."
*As I'm hesitating, Rito suddenly brings the cup to her mouth.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Wait, Rito!!"
Rito: "...Ulp, gulp."
*Her slender throat shakes as she drinks the medicine.*
Rito: "It's fine. Here."
*She offers the cup to me again.*
*If she insists this much, I can't exactly refuse.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks... Here goes nothing."
*I make up my mind and down the whole thing.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Uu... The texture's a bit..."
Rito: "I'll take the cup."
Mitsuyoshi: "Come to think of it, how did I even drink the first cup? It looked like a lot..."
Rito: "I used a method that allowed you to intake it while you were unconscious."
Mitsuyoshi: "What's that supposed to mean...?"
Rito: "It's depicted here."
*The page she has open has a picture of someone being fed mouth to mouth.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? What? You did this!?"
Rito: "Yes, because it's efficient."
*My face feels hot, and I don't think it's because of my fever.*
Mitsuyoshi: (That doesn't count as a first kiss, does it...? Man, I wish I was awake for that at least...)
*The medicine starts kicking in as I think that.*
Rito: "You'll be good as new after you get some sleep."
*The energy drains from my body.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm definitely feeling the effects of the medicine now..."
Rito: "Hehe, I'm positive that I made it correctly."
*I'm sure she's not going to stay here forever, but even so, she's all smiles.*
*Not only that, but she's awake and quietly reading as the drowsiness slowly overcomes me.*
Mitsuyoshi: (When are you going to sleep, Rito...?)
*My eyelids grow heavy before I can say that out loud.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Thanks for keeping me company all this time.)
*Strangely enough, she gets up and turns off the lights, as if she read my mind.*
*Aside from a small lamp turned on so that she can continue to read, the room is shrouded in darkness.*
*It's the middle of the night.*
*I wake up to the sound of scraping metal.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito, are you all right?"
Rito: "Yes, I've been here the entire time."
Mitsuyoshi: "―What was that sound just now?"
Rito: "Koga-kun, something strange is going on. Look at this."
*She holds up the magical tome in her hands.*
*The words engraved onto the tanned leather cover are vibrating.*
Rito: "This book contains the blood of a Magie who was skilled in botany and magic."
Mitsuyoshi: "So that blood is..."
Rito: "Yes, it semi-permanently houses the Magie's life force and powers."
*If that Magie's blood is reacting... then a Mist has probably appeared.*
*I get up from my bed and put on a jacket.*
Rito: "How are you feeling?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Couldn't be better. Your medicine was incredible."
Rito: "That's great... Let me come with you."
*We head towards the source of the sound, but there doesn't seem to be anything that's broken.*
*And given the time of day, there's nobody here.*
*That's good, but there's still something bugging me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What is that?"
Rito: "Magical footprints... you could say."
*It looks like a trail left behind by a gigantic slug.*
*There are faintly glowing bands all over the place.*
Rito: "This type could be dangerous. It's a distinguishing feature of a special type of Mist."
*She gives me a brief explanation while sounding quite nervous.*
*Apparently, the Mist that appeared here was formed in a different way from all of the other ones.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Why did something like that suddenly..."
Rito: "I don't know. It should've been under a strong seal... In any case, the reason why any Mist would appear is more or less the same: someone had the same wish as that Mist."
*That's when it happened.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Guh!"
Rito: "Watch out!!"
*Something collides with my body.*
*I saw her do that as I staggered backwards.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito, what are you..."
*The metallic ringing sound is coming from a glass tube about the same diameter as my upper arm.*
*There's something moving around inside it.*
*Straining my eyes... I see that it's a sprouting seed.*
Rito: "...Mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito!"
*The glass tube shatters above Rito's head.*
*Shards of glass fly every which way, as if the tube ruptured from the inside.*
*I instinctively close my eyes, and after reopening them, I see Rito collapsed on the ground.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito!! Are you okay!?"
*I brush off the glass on her back and rush to hold her up.*
*From a quick glance, she only has some scratches from when she fell.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Thank goodness..."
Rito: "...Mm... Koga-kun... you have a cut on your finger."
Mitsuyoshi: "Who cares about that!? More importantly, where did that thing from before go?"
*I put a hand to my breast pocket, confirming that I have sealing talismans with me.*
*There's no doubt about it. That was the Mist.*
*I never thought that one would show up in the middle of the night.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm guessing that that thing inside the glass tube was the main body."
Rito: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "If we don't find it soon... we're probably going to have a huge problem on our hands."
*I survey our surroundings, but I don't see it anywhere.*
*The night sky over our heads is freakishly bright.*
*If we weren't in this situation right now... I'm sure we'd be gazing up at it instead.*
Rito: "...Ko...ga...-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito?"
*I suddenly see Rito doubled over, writhing in pain.*
Rito: "Haa... ah... haa... haa..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Rito!"
*She falls to the ground and starts convulsing.*
*And then... I witness an unbelievable sight.*
Rito: "Mm... ahh... mmm!"
*At first, I thought it was something that was restraining her body.*
*That if I managed to remove it, she'd be saved.*
*But I was wrong.*
Rito: "Stay away!"
*Something is wriggling around inside her body.*
*Like a plant taking root and growing through concrete.*
*It takes advantage of small openings and erodes the interior until it has a strong hold on the host.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Is this... the Mist...?"
Rito: "Yes... I noticed... too late... Inside me is... the Mist... Proios."
Mitsuyoshi: "I-I'll get it out of you right now...!"
Rito: "...Don't touch me... This Mist... mmm!"
*Her body bends backwards as she lets out numerous soft groans.*
*Every time she does so, I'm overcome by an urge to run over to her and destroy whatever's violating her body.*
Rito: "...Haa... haa... This Mist is different... from all the others so far... Koga-kun... You know that..."
*I give a small nod.*
*They are drawn towards wishes that are in line with those thoughts and gain power.*
Mitsuyoshi: "But this doesn't make any sense! It's like... it's trying to devour you..."
*I can't hold back my tears.*
*Even though Rito's the one who's in pain and having her body eaten away...*
Rito: "That's... right... This Mist... ahh...! It seems that... it wants to change fate... for the future... that I want..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Future that you want...? Rito, what are you wishing for? I'll do anything to grant it... so please..."
*Just for a moment, she smiles.*
*It disappears in the blink of an eye.*
*Unable to understand her intentions, I shout out and extend a hand.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Guh!"
*I can see her pale chest underneath her open blouse.*
*She's unbelievably cold to the touch... and that stem-like thing is still wriggling around.*
Rito: "...No...! A-Ahh...!"
Rito: "Koga-kun... Listen... Just seal it... That'll be fine."
Mitsuyoshi: "What... Huh...?"
Rito: "Seal... the Mist... as you would normally... Ahhh!"
*I can't understand the words she's saying.*
*I know how the sealing works and how to do it.*
*But...*
Mitsuyoshi: (Where exactly is the Mist that I'm supposed to seal?)
Rito: "I don't have the ability... to produce a soul... It's when the entire vessel gets swallowed... You have to get it right..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, what are you talking about, Rito?"
Rito: "The moment... you can't hear my voice... That's the signal... Guh..."
*The thing crawling around inside her gradually makes its way towards her head.*
*Even if I used my nails to try and rip it out, I'd only end up hurting her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Why... Why did this have to happen to you...?"
Rito: "You see... Koga-kun... It's because I don't have a soul."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito?"
*The sound is gone. The sounds making my eardrums oscillate are completely gone.*
Rito: "As a homunculus, I have no soul."
*All I can hear is the sound of my own blood flowing through me.*
Rito: "Ahh... uu... haa... ahh...!"
*Pained gasps escape her lips.*
*Rough breaths, with the occasional groan mixed in.*
*Her voice. I can't hear her voice.*
Mitsuyoshi: "―No."
*Suddenly, I understand.*
*This Mist occupies vessels without souls.*
*Once its in complete control of the vessel, the entire thing becomes the Mist.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I don't want that."
*She wanted me to seal the body once it was stolen from her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "There's no way I'd do that... Rito!!"
Angel: "―Mi...tsuyo...shi."
*At that moment, I thought I heard Angel's voice.*
*I feel a burning sensation.*
*I didn't even have a chance to make a wish, but a massive power comes bursting forth anyway.*
Rito: "......"
*It feels similar to when I first awoke to the Magie of Calamity powers inside me.*
*It's too strong to be considered a wish; this magical power is closer to a desire.*
*It has neither a spell nor a form.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito!!"
Rito: "...Ah!"
Rito: "...Koga...-kun."
*Her eyes open, and her familiar voice escapes from her lips.*
*I reach out and touch her body.*
Rito: "Heh... That tickles."
*I can feel the pulse underneath her skin.*
*The proof that she's alive melts into my fingers.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Thank goodness."
Rito: "Why are you making that face?"
Rito: "Did I... do something to cause that...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, it's not your fault. Don't worry about it..."
Rito: "It's written all over your face that you're lying. I made you worry, didn't I?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Please, don't ask me to do something like seal you ever again."
Rito: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "I could never say this to you since I didn't want to destroy our time together."
Rito: "...What is it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I want to be with you forever. I'm in love with you, Rito. I finally realized this, and I've wanted to tell you for a while now."
Rito: "...Koga-kun."
*A single second feels like an eternity to me right now.*
Rito: "I feel the same way."
*Her soft hand touches my cheek.*
*She responds in a gentle voice.*
Hina: "......!!"
Fuhito: "What's wrong, Mother?"
Hina: "The power that was released just now... What is it? It's much too strong... for it to be magic."
Fuhito: "The only person capable of doing that... Impossible."
Hina: "If that's the case... I'll have to think about this for a while..."
*Now that we've confirmed our feelings for each other, our daily lives have changed somewhat.*
*I'm not sure... if we could call ourselves lovers.*
*Leaving a bit of free time to have a date in the library or the courtyard has been about the extent of it.*
*I'm not completely satisfied with it, but these days that I've been spending with her have been fun.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Rito."
Rito: "What is it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito, are you okay with us always meeting at the same places? I was wondering if there was anywhere else you wanted to go."
Rito: "...Why do you ask? If I'm with you, anywhere is fun."
Mitsuyoshi: "W-Well, it's the same for me, and it makes me happy that you said that, but..."
Rito: "You were curious about whether I had any new wishes?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, that."
Rito: "...In that case, I want to visit your room."
Mitsuyoshi: "My room? You've already been there once before, right? You sure about that?"
Rito: "Yes, am I not allowed?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, it's fine. Come drop by tomorrow then."
Rito: "Hehe, thanks."
*The next day, Rito comes to my room as we had discussed.*
*Just having her here... makes me feel a bit jittery.*
Mitsuyoshi: "There's nothing particularly interesting in here... It hasn't changed since you last came."
Rito: "The fact that it's your room makes it dear to me."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see... Oh! I'll go make some tea. Be right back."
Rito: "Thanks."
*We chat about everyday things as we're enjoying our tea.*
*Even though we talk to each other every day, it's rare that we get to talk about ordinary topics.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Or maybe this is proof that the distance between us is shrinking...)
*When we come to a break in our conversation, Rito raises her head and stares at me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wh-What is it?"
Rito: "I just remembered something that was written in a book from the library..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? What'd it say?"
Rito: "That lovers confirm their love through direct physical contact."
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Huh!?"
Rito: "However, I don't know the difference between that and unwholesome sexual interaction."
Rito: "Is there a difference between the physical contact of lovers and unwholesome sexual interaction?"
Mitsuyoshi: "U-Umm..."
*Her sudden question throws me for a loop.*
*How should I respond in a situation like this...?*
*She stares at me with a serious expression on her face as I think.*
*I feel like... I should think this through carefully before answering.*
Rito: "How are they different?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Lovers have mutual feelings for each other, so I don't think the term 'unwholesome sexual interaction' applies..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, they might both describe the same act... but with the former, both parties have consented to it... or well..."
Rito: "...I see."
*I'm not sure if she's accepted my answer.*
*But regardless, I don't know what else I could say.*
Rito: "Then it wouldn't be unwholesome given our relationship, so there wouldn't be any problems, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? W-Wait, what!?"
*After saying that, Rito hugs me out of nowhere.*
*I freeze, taken aback by this sudden turn of events.*
*Ignoring my confusion, she cuddles up to me while gazing at my face.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's gotten into you all of a sudden...?"
Rito: "I wanted to do this, but I thought I wouldn't be able to if it counted as an unwholesome sexual interaction."
Rito: "But since you said that it's not..."
*She's being unusually aggressive, and I'm at a loss as she has her way with me.*
*She pushes her body up against me even more.*
Mitsuyoshi: "W-Wait, umm, ahh...!"
Rito: "...Ah."
*I'm unable to support her body and we end up in a position where she's essentially pinning me down.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm..."
Rito: "......"
*She stares down at me from above.*
*Her gaze ensnares me, leaving me unable to move.*
*What should I do...?*
Rito: "I think... the book said to do this..."
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Hold on! Rito! Hey, Rito!"
Rito: "So this is the male reproductive organ..."
*Ignoring my protests, Rito slides away my pants and underwear, revealing my member, which she stares at intently.*
*It goes without saying that this is embarrassing.*
*But...*
Mitsuyoshi: "I want to be with you forever. I'm in love with you, Rito. I finally realized this, and I've wanted to tell you for a while now."
Rito: "I feel the same way."
*I love Rito, and the feeling is mutual, so would it be strange for me to resist...?*
Mitsuyoshi: (No, no, even so.)
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, I doubt you'll find it very interesting to stare at."
Rito: "Really? I'm extremely curious about it since it's something I don't have."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see..."
Rito: "As I thought, seeing it in real life is completely different from reading about it."
*It's painfully obvious what she plans on doing.*
*But I'm wondering if it's really okay for us to proceed with this.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Rito... Are you sure you're okay with this?"
Rito: "Okay with what?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, you know... unwholesome sexual interactions..."
Rito: "I thought that they wouldn't be unwholesome in our case."
*She looks like she's confused.*
*I can't exactly take back what I said earlier at this point.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, that's right, but..."
Rito: "Then there's no problem. I have to lick here, right?"
*She asks me that with a smile on her face as she stares at my penis.*
Mitsuyoshi: "L-Lick!?"
Rito: "I thought I was supposed to do that. Am I wrong?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You're... not, but you are at the same time! You don't have to do that."
Rito: "Koga-kun, are you saying that you don't want me to do something like that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No... It's not that I don't... Are you okay with doing this so abruptly?"
Rito: "It's not abrupt at all."
*She denies what I said more strongly than usual.*
Rito: "It's not abrupt at all, Koga-kun. These past few weeks, I've been thinking about you."
Rito: "About how I could fully convey these feelings to you. I've been thinking about that while we talked."
Mitsuyoshi: "........."
Rito: "And then I saw a book that wrote about this, so I..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, okay, I get it."
Rito: "Then..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, fine, go for it..."
Rito: "I understand."
*I can't refuse when she's looking so happy about it, and she nods after I give up and pet her head.*
Rito: "Mm... mmm...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*She slowly licks the tip with her tongue.*
*Just that is enough to send chills down my spine and make my dick react.*
Rito: "Mm... Ah, it twitched..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah..."
Rito: "Does that mean you want more...? Mm, mmm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "A-Ahh..."
*Her tongue makes its way down to the base.*
*The slimy sensation makes my body shudder uncontrollably.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Even now... she's still carrying a book, huh...)
Rito: "Ah... It got bigger. Mmm! Would you... haa, mm, mm... prefer if I did it like this?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, umm... mm!"
Rito: "Mm... Or is there a better method? Haa, ah... mm, ah, mm... Ah, it twitched."
*Brimming with curiosity, she reports her findings as her tongue crawls around.*
*It's pretty embarrassing for me, but it also turns me on.*
Rito: "Haa, mm... mm, mm... *slurp*..."
Rito: "I should also, mm... lick the tip a lot, right? Mm, mm, ah... haa, haa, mmm...!"
*Her tongue makes its way back up.*
*Not only does she lick it, but she gives light kisses as well, glancing at me at the same time to check my reaction.*
*Her facial expressions and the feeling of her tongue make an irresistible combination.*
Rito: "Mm... mm, haa, mm... mm!"
Rito: "Hey... mm, mm...! Why does it end up like this... haa, mm, when I lick here? Mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? W-Well... you could call it a physiological phenomenon, and... uhh..."
Rito: "Fascinating... I'm sure that if I do it more roughly, it will produce even better results. Mmm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*Each of her licks makes my member throb and shudders run down my spine.*
*My tip starts secreting a clear fluid.*
Rito: "Something bitter came out."
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah..."
Rito: "Mm, mmm... Is this... semen...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...No... Not quite..."
Rito: "I see... So you're saying that I need to provide it more stimulation before semen is released..."
*She continues to work her tongue, constantly licking up the overflowing fluid.*
*My body shakes and I need to gasp for air whenever her tongue touches my tip.*
*The stimulation spreads throughout my entire body.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa, ah... Yeah, there, that's good."
Rito: "Okay. Mm... mm...!"
Rito: "Haa, haa... ah, mm, mmm... This feels good, right...? Mm, ah... mm..."
*My dick throbs in rhythm to her movements and lets out even more precum.*
Rito: "It's not stopping. Mmm... mm, *slurp*, ah... haa, ahh, haa..."
Rito: "*slurp*... *slurp*, mmm, mm, mm... haa, mm..."
*After scooping up the fluid one last time, she pauses and looks at me with upturned eyes.*
Rito: "Hey... mm, mm... Is licking it really enough?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh..."
Rito: "The book wrote about a different method as well."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh..."
*I don't even need to ask what it wrote about.*
*Well, even if I did, she'd describe it in minute detail, and while that would be arousing...*
Rito: "Shouldn't we try that as well?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You mean..."
Rito: "Do you want me to explain it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I already know what it is."
Rito: "I see... I'm curious to find out what will happen if we try it."
*My desire to keep going swells as she continues to stare at me.*
*I'm debating whether it's a good idea to say it out loud... but honestly, I want to do it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "If you can, could you put the whole thing in your mouth...?"
Rito: "Put this in my mouth?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-Yeah..."
*Without taking her eyes off of me, she gently prods the tip with her tongue.*
*That's enough to make my member pulsate again.*
*It also further fuels my urge to have her suck me off.*
Mitsuyoshi: "But if it's too much, you can stop immediately. There's no need to force yourself."
Rito: "Okay, I won't overdo it. I'll give it a try."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right."
Rito: "Haa, mm... mm, mmm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Uu!"
Rito: "Mm... Are you okay...?"
*I unintentionally let out my voice when she puts it in her mouth.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm fine. It just felt too good."
Rito: "I see... That's great. I'll keep going then... mm, mmm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*After hearing my reply, she starts sucking on my dick even harder.*
*She takes it in all the way to the base, providing a strong stimulation.*
Rito: "...Haa, mm... mm, *suck*, *suck*... mm, mm... mmm!"
Rito: "Haa, haa... mm, mm... It's twitching, mm... more than before."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahh..."
Rito: "Mm... mm, mmm...! Mm, ahh, *suck*, *suck*... haa, mm!"
*The wet sounds make my member tremble and release even more precum.*
*She looks over at me as she slurps up the overflowing fluids.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm all right... Keep going..."
Rito: "Mmm... Okay, I will. Mm, mm... mm, *suck*, *suck*... mm, ah! Haa... haa, mm..."
*I pet her head as she says that and her sucking motions grow stronger.*
*It makes me unbelievably happy when I think about how she's trying her hardest to pleasure me.*
Rito: "Haa, mm... mmm! Mm, mm... ahh, ah... mm!"
Rito: "Wow... It's reacting... mm, so much... haa, haa..."
*She plays with my dick inside her mouth, using the tip of her tongue every so often.*
*My body constantly shudders from the sensation, and my penis doesn't stop throbbing.*
Rito: "Mm... There's so much flowing out... mm, mm, haa, haa..."
Rito: "This is much more useful and easier to understand... mm, mm, than reading from a book... haa, mm..."
*She stares at my shaft with admiration, taking all of it in her mouth and sucking hard on it.*
*Her gaze then shifts towards my face.*
Rito: "How is it...? Haa, mm, mm! *suck*, mm... Am I doing well?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... It feels really good, Rito..."
Rito: "Mm, ahh... I'm glad, mm... haa, mm..."
*She smiles happily and returns to working on my dick.*
*My hips move spontaneously from the strong stimulus.*
*Noticing my reactions, she starts to vary the motions she makes with her mouth and tongue.*
Rito: "Haa, haa... ah, mm, mm... *suck*, *suck*... ah, ahh!"
*She puts her all into her fellatio as I caress her hair, moans escaping my lips all the while.*
*My breathing becomes rougher and rougher, and my member keeps pulsating.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito... That's enough..."
Rito: "Mm, mm...? Why? Haa, mm, mm!"
*She doesn't separate from my penis, curious as to why I said that.*
*In fact, she actually gets even more intense with her actions.*
*I'm unable to withstand it and my hips jump on their own accord once again.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah...! I mean... you can move your mouth away."
Rito: "Ah, mm, mm... Your semen is about to come out, isn't it? If it's yours, I want to see that... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Ah...!"
Rito: "That's why... haa, mm! Mm, mm... haa, ah... haa, mm!"
*She goes back to sucking on my dick passionately.*
*At that moment, my entire body convulses and my hips jerk upwards.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
Rito: "...Mm! Mm, mmm!"
*I ejaculate directly into her mouth.*
*In spite of her grimacing as the cum shoots into her mouth, she gulps it down.*
Rito: "Haa, mm... mm, mm...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Hey... Are you okay?"
Rito: "Mm... mm, ah... ahh..."
*After swallowing all of it, she raises her head and smiles at me.*
Rito: "I'm fine. There's no need for worry..."
Mitsuyoshi: "But..."
Rito: "The book hasn't been dirtied either. I caught all of it with my mouth."
*I'm still feeling uneasy, and she stares at me while moving her tongue around inside her mouth, as if recalling the taste of my cum.*
*I find that little motion cute, and I can't help but get aroused again.*
Rito: "As the book said, it's a strange taste... but it's not bad, since it's yours."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Rito: "I might want to try doing it again... Hehe."
*My dick gets hard again, seeing her say that with a giggle.*
*She smiles again after noticing that.*
Rito: "...Hehe..."
*My body grows hot just from looking at her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito... I want to put it in..."
Rito: "I wanted to further deepen our love for each other as well."
Mitsuyoshi: "In that case, let's..."
Rito: "...Okay."
*I take her hand and we move to my bed. I proceed to slowly take off her clothes.*
*She insists on holding onto the book that she always has no matter what, so I leave that with her.*
*I then also strip and get on top of her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Stay still."
Rito: "Yes, I will."
*I stroke her cheek before gently placing my penis against her slit.*
*Soft squelching sounds are produced, and I can feel a sticky sensation.*
*It makes me happy knowing that our actions up until now have made her wet.*
*I slowly rock my hips, rubbing my shaft against her lower lips.*
Rito: "Mm... mmm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you okay?"
Rito: "I'm fine... It just feels a little weird..."
*She looks at me with a confused expression on her face.*
*I pause momentarily to check up on her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Let me know right away if you want me to stop."
Rito: "It's okay. It's not a bad feeling."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right then."
*I resume my hips' movements.*
*Her pussy makes lewd sounds every time my dick rubs against it, and more of her honey leaks out.*
Rito: "Mm... mmm... ah!"
*I can't get enough of the soft moans she makes as she shudders.*
*I continue to sway my hips, wanting to hear more of that voice.*
Rito: "Haa, haa... ah, ahh...!"
*Her voice quivers in time with my movements.*
*I want more.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Can I do more...?"
Rito: "Mm, okay... Feel free to do what you want..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Got it, thanks."
*My body trembles from her response.*
*I start to make use of my hands.*
*I never take my eyes off of her as I fondle her chest.*
*She looks somewhat perplexed as I do all of this.*
Rito: "Mm, ah... haa, haa... mm!"
*I grope her chest and rub my member against her slit.*
*Her body responds to those stimulations and she moans, despite her confused expression.*
*I'm a bit worried that she doesn't like it, but her juices are flowing out incessantly, making it easier to slide my dick against her.*
Rito: "Haa, ah... haa, ah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "How does it feel?"
Rito: "I'm... not sure yet... but I don't hate it."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's good to hear."
*That gives me a sense of relief.*
*I continue with my stimulation of her breasts and pussy.*
Rito: "Haa... ah, ah...! Haa, haa, mm!"
*Lascivious cries escape her lips.*
*They turn me on more, feeding my unending desire.*
*As my palms work on her breasts, I use my fingers to pinch her nipples.*
Rito: "Hyaa...! A-Ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah... Did that hurt?"
Rito: "A-Ahh... N-No... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Did it feel good then?"
Rito: "Huh? Umm, ahh..."
*Her eyes wander restlessly while I roll her nipples around with my fingers.*
*I've never seen her make this face before, but she doesn't seem to be in pain.*
Rito: "I-Is this... what it means to feel good...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You don't hate it, do you?"
Rito: "No, I don't. A-Ahh... but, ah, mm!"
*Her puzzled, fidgety state is just so adorable.*
*I want to see more of her various faces, and hear more of her sweet voice.*
Rito: "Wh-What should I... I've never felt like this before... A-Ahh... haa, mm!"
*With my hands still on her breasts, I start sliding my penis against her pussy again.*
*Dirty sounds echo throughout my room, and her slit feels much more slippery from all the extra love juices.*
Rito: "Ah, ah... mm, ahh! This is, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's all right. You're so cute... Just let your instincts run wild."
Rito: "At this rate... mm, ah, ah... mm!"
*My hands and fingers don't stop playing with her chest and nipples.*
*My hips continue their rhythmical rocking as well.*
*A lewd euphony is formed from the sloshing sounds and her moans.*
Rito: "Haa, haa... ah, ahn... ah!"
*She listens to me obediently, and she soon starts to ease up.*
*I hold her tightly, gaze into her eyes, and whisper into her ear:*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito... Can I put it in?"
Rito: "Inside me...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, that's right. Can I?"
Rito: "Sure... Go ahead."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks, Rito."
*I stop my caresses for now and fix my hold on her.*
*I gently lift her hips up and gradually insert the tip into her pussy.*
Rito: "...Mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm...!"
*Her insides clamp down tightly on my dick and she winces.*
*She's completely drenched from her juices, but her pussy is narrow, and on top of that, she looks like she's in pain.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito..."
Rito: "I-I'm fine... so..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure don't look fine..."
Rito: "I really am... so keep going."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Okay."
*I stroke her cheek and slowly keep making my way in.*
*Try as I might, I'm not making much progress; it's too tight.*
*And most importantly, I can't help but be concerned about how she's feeling.*
Rito: "Haa, haa... ah, ah..."
*The tightness increases as I move further in, and I can tell that her love juices are seeping out.*
*I try to match my progression with the pace of her breathing.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito..."
Rito: "Haa, mm...! Mm, I'm fine..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahh..."
*My words must've betrayed my uneasiness since she forces herself to respond.*
*I stroke her body as I continue to proceed inside her.*
*I move slowly and steadily, paying special attention to her condition, and soon enough, I'm all the way in.*
Rito: "Ah, haa... haa..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito, I'm in."
Rito: "It's... completely inside me?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. Can you tell?"
Rito: "Ah! Ah, mm...!"
*I shake my hips ever so slightly and she lets out a pained voice.*
*I rush to stop myself, focusing on her facial expression.*
Rito: "Don't worry... I'm all right."
*Her charming words fill my heart with warmth.*
*More than ever now, I can't help but think that I have to be as gentle as possible with her.*
*I recall how she reacted with her breasts and decide to tenderly fondle them.*
Rito: "Ah... ah, ah!"
*As I expected, she starts moaning.*
*It's probably tough for her if I suddenly start moving, so maybe I'll try ramping up while playing with her chest until she gets used to it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Let me know if it's too much for you, okay? I don't want to make you unhappy."
Rito: "Mm...! It's okay. I'm glad that we're able to become one like this, Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito..."
Rito: "This... is what it means to confirm our love for each other, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah."
*She smiles happily as she looks at the place where we're connected.*
*Seeing her like that puts a smile on my face as well, and I go back to groping her bosom.*
Rito: "Mmm, mm, ah... ah, haa..."
*Just that is enough to make her insides twitch.*
*Her honey spills out from her pussy, and the tightness I felt slowly begins to change.*
*I take the opportunity to move my hips a bit and stimulate her down there.*
Rito: "Ah...! Ah, mm... mmm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Does it hurt? I can stop anytime."
Rito: "It's okay... It doesn't hurt at all..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm... Can I move more, then?"
Rito: "Yes... I'm just a little nervous since it feels like my body isn't mine anymore."
Mitsuyoshi: "Relax. I won't go overboard."
Rito: "Okay..."
*After seeing her nod, I rock my hips slowly.*
*Her sticky insides start clamping down tightly again when I start to pull out.*
*Taking that sensation head-on, I proceed to push back in.*
Rito: "Ah... mm, ahh... ah!"
*Squelching noises fill the room as I move in and out of her.*
*The tightness of her pussy, the lewd sounds, and her sweet moans provide me with never-ending stimulation.*
*Her expression changes the more I move my hips.*
*The pain in her face disappears, turning into a dazed look of ecstasy.*
Rito: "Haa, haa... ah, ahh! Mm, it's so deep..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, it's all the way in. Can you feel it?"
Rito: "I can... It's filling me up... ah, mm, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
Rito: "Hii, ah... ah, mm, ahh!"
*I repeatedly pull out almost entirely and push all the way in.*
*Her pussy doesn't let up its grip on my dick.*
*At some point, the overbearing tightness changes into a sticky, entangling feeling.*
Rito: "Haa, haa... ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito... How are you holding up?"
Rito: "I-I'm fine... My body feels weird... but I want more... ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "All right. You want more, you'll get more."
Rito: "Ahhhh! Ah, ah!"
*Her body reacts greatly to my next thrust and she tightens up.*
*It definitely seems like it feels good for her, but she doesn't exactly know how to interpret this unfamiliar concept.*
Rito: "Haa, ah... ahn, mm, mm... Amazing, I never thought it'd turn out like this... ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm..."
Rito: "It's completely different... from reading about it... ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's always better to experience something firsthand."
Rito: "Yes... That's very true..."
*I want her to feel even better, and I make a conscious effort to not strain her body.*
*But every time I reach deep inside her, I can't help but feel that it's too much.*
*That's why I move slowly to try and reduce the impact.*
Rito: "Haa, ah, ahh... haa, haa..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... More..."
Rito: "Koga-kun... Does it feel good for you? Is it just me?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I feel the same way. I never imagined that being one with you would feel this good."
Rito: "Ahh... That's great. I'm so glad you think that way... ahh, mm!"
*I stare at her as I respond, my hips moving back and forth all the while.*
*Her body convulses and her honey flows out with each thrust I make.*
*I churn up her juices with my member, stimulating her insides.*
Rito: "Mm, ah, haa... ah, ah! Ah, ahhn!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm..."
Rito: "Koga-kun..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What's the matter, Rito?"
*I stop moving when she calls out my name, and she smiles at me in return.*
Rito: "You can do more of what you want to do."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Huh?"
Rito: "You're still holding back for my sake, aren't you...? I'm fine now, so you can move however you like."
Mitsuyoshi: "But..."
Rito: "I want you to do that."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito..."
*Her words make my heart race.*
*But I'm still hesitant, wondering if I really can go for it.*
*She seems to have picked up on that and lightly tugs on my arms as if to urge me on.*
Rito: "Please... I want to feel more of you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you absolutely sure about this?"
Rito: "Yes, of course."
Mitsuyoshi: "I might not be able to be gentle with you anymore."
Rito: "I don't care."
*There would be something wrong with me if I still refused after seeing her say that with a smile on her face.*
Mitsuyoshi: "In that case... can you turn your back towards me...?"
Rito: "Umm... How do I do that?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, let me pull out first."
Rito: "Okay."
*I remove my penis from her and have her sit facing away from me.*
*I gaze at her beautiful, smooth back.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Raise your hips a little bit."
Rito: "Like this...?"
*I feel somewhat ashamed having to be on the bottom like this, but I stick my member in and am enveloped by a sticky sensation once again.*
Rito: "Mm, mm...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa, ah..."
*Unlike before, Rito's expression is one of pleasure.*
*That delights me and I continue to push deeper inside.*
Rito: "Haa, ah... ah, it feels different from before..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, you're right."
Rito: "Just changing directions is enough... to make such a big difference... ah, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa, ah..."
Rito: "Mm... I feel weird inside... ah, mm!"
*Our postures make it difficult for me to go all the way in, but I still leisurely rock my hips.*
*Squelching sounds and her moans echo throughout my room.*
*But something feels lacking.*
*If possible, I'd like to be connected more deeply.*
Rito: "Haa, haa... ah, ahhn!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... mm..."
*I continue my gentle pace, but this really isn't as satisfying as I want it to be.*
*She seems to have noticed that and turns to face me, wondering what's wrong.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I want to go deeper, but..."
Rito: "Deeper...? Ah, mm... Now that you mention it, I was able to feel you more deeply inside me before."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, so do you mind if I..."
Rito: "Sure, if it'll make both of us feel better... What are you going to do?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well then."
*After having gotten her approval, I grab her hips firmly.*
*I then forcefully thrust upwards, and I can tell that I'm now reaching all the way inside her.*
Rito: "Haa, ah... mm, ahh!!! Ah, ahhhhh!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*At that moment, her body trembles greatly and she lets out a loud moan.*
*She also squeezes down on my member extremely tightly.*
Rito: "Ah, ahh... haa, ah..."
*It's obvious that she climaxed.*
*I never thought that she'd cum so easily though.*
*She doesn't stop shaking, and she looks at me, puzzled.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito... Are you okay?"
Rito: "Wh-What was that... just now? I was shaking from the inside out, and I didn't feel like I was myself..."
*Her face betrays the surprise she's feeling.*
Mitsuyoshi: "That's called an orgasm."
Rito: "That was... Ah, I see. It was a very strange feeling... but for some reason, I want to experience it again..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's do it again. I want to cum inside you this time."
Rito: "Huh... A-Ah!"
*I grab her hips again and start making large thrusts.*
Rito: "Ah, ahhh! Ah, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
*I don't know whether it's because she just came or not, but she trembles every time I thrust up.*
*To top it off, her pussy is completely drenched with her juices and it feels better than ever.*
Rito: "Ahh, ahh! It's even more amazing, ah, ah! Than before... mm, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahh...!"
*My hips swing wildly as I support her body.*
*Her insides coil tightly around my shaft and her moans don't stop.*
*I repeat the same motion several times, reaching deep inside her every time.*
*My dick starts throbbing and I can feel precum leaking out from the tip.*
Rito: "Haa, ah, ahh... I never thought... it could be so incredible! Ah, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Rito...!"
Rito: "It's completely different... from what I imagined when reading about it, ah, ahh!!!"
*I pull all the way out, and push all the way in.*
*When my tip rubs against her deepest parts, her pussy twitches and tightens up.*
*Lewd sounds continue to ring out from her overflowing juices.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito... mm!"
Rito: "Haa, haa... ah, ahh! I want more... of you inside me!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You got it. More it is..."
Rito: "Mm, ahh! Ah, yes... there! Ah, ahh!"
*I do exactly as she asks.*
*She reacts considerably and lets out loud moans.*
*Her confusion from before is nowhere to be found, probably because she's already climaxed once.*
*Now she's just moaning and shuddering from my thrusts.*
Rito: "Haa, haa... ahh, ahh! Ah, mm! Ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "More...?"
Rito: "Yeah... Can you? I want lots... ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Of course. I'm not done yet."
Rito: "Ahhh! Ah, ahh! Ah, ah!"
*Her voice escapes her lips with each swing of my hips.*
*I move as if I were in a trance, wanting to hear more of it and feel more of her.*
*Her honey soaks both of our bodies, making them seem all the more lewd.*
Rito: "Haa, ah, haa... I want it so much... ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's just... how much we love each other."
Rito: "Ahh...! That's right! This is... That's why I want you... so deep inside me! Ahh!"
*My dick moves like a piston, churning up her love juices.*
*Her reactions become even larger, encouraging me to start changing the angle of my thrusts.*
Rito: "Hii, mm, ah! Ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... ah...!"
Rito: "It's different from... ah, ahh!"
*She's sensitive to the change and she shakes.*
*Elated that she noticed, I keep the momentum going.*
Rito: "Hii, ahh! Ahhh! Again, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Next is all the way in...!"
Rito: "Hyaaa! Ahh, ahhh!"
*I pull all the way out again to thrust deep inside her.*
*She convulses and tightens up, causing my dick to throb.*
Rito: "Mm, mm, ahh... ah, ah... Any more and... ah, ahh! I'm... ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... I'm almost about to..."
Rito: "Mm! Ahh... Cumming...? Ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
*In an attempt to match her reactions, I hold her hips and forcefully thrust up so that my member goes all the way in.*
*When I do so, her body shakes more strongly than ever before.*
Rito: "...Hii, ahhh! Mm, ah, ahhhh!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......!!"
*She moans loudly as her body twitches and climaxes for the second time.*
*Her pussy clamps down on my dick, causing it to pulsate.*
*I'm unable to hold back for any longer and let out my semen deep inside her.*
Rito: "Ah, ahh... ah...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa, haa... ah...!"
*While we're both basking in the afterglow, we look at each other, out of breath.*
Rito: "We were one... until the very end."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, we were."
Rito: "I'm so glad..."
*She says that happily while in a state of euphoria.*
*A smile naturally appears on my face as I look at her.*
*I feel like this is the second time I've had this dream.*
*I was enjoying my life as a student here at this school and had plenty of friends.*
*But Rito wasn't there.*
*I searched and searched, and when I finally found her―*
Rito: "Is this not your first time coming to see me for no reason, Koga Mitsu―"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ah!"
*When I open my eyes, I find myself in my own room.*
*The light shining is blindingly bright, so it must be morning.*
Rito: "Good morning, Koga-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh... Morning... Rito."
*It takes me a few seconds to process the fact that Rito is here.*
*She looks at me curiously before sitting down on a chair.*
Rito: "It's my first time reading a book like this."
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you reading?"
*I look at her arms and see that there's another book in addition to her usual bulky one.*
*It's a thin cookbook filled with pictures.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... It is rare seeing you read something like that. And wait, we have those in our library?"
Rito: "No."
*That's what I thought. There's no way a library like ours would have a cooking section.*
*I stroke her hair and she gives an embarrassed smile.*
Mitsuyoshi: (I'm glad that my future will have Rito by my side.)
*Our feelings were conveyed to each other on the day that I almost lost her.*
*Perhaps because of that, I've had several dreams where she's no longer with me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey Rito, you've always been in the library, taking care of the books there, right?"
Rito: "Yes."
Mitsuyoshi: "There are barely any books in my room... so it must be boring for you."
*Up until a little while ago, she'd always look hesitant whenever I tried to get her to leave the library.*
*In spite of that, she's now spending a lot of time in my room.*
*She'd probably just say that it's... because we're lovers now.*
Rito: "It's not that it's fun because there are books there."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Really? I didn't expect that."
Rito: "Now, wherever you are is fun for me, Koga-kun."
*Her words occasionally make my chest feel tingly.*
*But it's strange.*
*I'm positive that I fell in love with her at some point.*
*But why did she fall so in love with me?*
Mitsuyoshi: (There's no way I could ask her that though.)
*I sit down beside her and watch as she flips the pages of the book.*
*Once the next week starts, we'll be back in the library studying magic.*
*I'm sure that by then, she'll be back to her usual self, calmly giving me strict lessons.*
Rito: "There's a lot that I don't know about. I'm able to learn about those things when I'm with you."
Rito: "That's why... I want to be with you forever."
Mitsuyoshi: "―Thanks."
*She says that as if she read my mind.*
*The Eclipse has passed, and the days of us chasing down Mists are long gone.*
*Even so... I believed that Rito and I would continue to spend our days together.*
*After all, anyone would believe in this modest happiness. It was meant to be this way.*
Fuhito: "What's going on here...?"
Ninomae: "Chii... Chi chi chi..."
*The deserted treasury underground.*
*A place no ordinary human can step foot in.*
Fuhito: "The Eclipse has ended, so what could have caused this state of affairs...?"
*At my feet is what appears to be shattered glass, and scattered across the floor are a broken watch, a weathered mirror... as well as all sorts of other antiques.*
*However, they're not just any antiques. They each have their own purposes, names, and seals.*
Fuhito: "There's no indication that they responded to someone's request. It's almost as if they moved of their own accord... but that's impossible."
Ninomae: "Chii!"
Fuhito: "There's only one explanation that comes to mind..."
Momoka: "Principal! I'm here to report the results of my investigation!!"
Fuhito: "Good work. Let's hear them."
Momoka: "It's just as you said~! This doesn't look good. The barrier around the perimeter of the school has warped. My heart wouldn't stop pounding when I found out."
Fuhito: "...Haah.... I knew it. That day must've interfered with it greatly."
Momoka: "Interfered?"
Fuhito: "This... could turn out to be very troublesome soon."
Mitsuyoshi: "Phew! I'm beat."
*I wash the dirt from my hands in the sink and stretch myself out.*
*Instead of the usual classes today, the entire class helped clean up the courtyard.*
*That being said, it was always fairly well-kept to begin with, so we were all leisurely pulling out weeds or picking up trash while chatting with one another.*
*My classmates are already heading back to the school building, and I decide to do the same.*
Rito: "Koga-kun...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh... I was just about to go find you."
Rito: "I was in the principal's office just now."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh, that's unusual. What'd she need you for?"
Rito: "I don't know. All we did was have tea together."
Mitsuyoshi: "Seriously? Was she feeling lonely or something?"
*We walk towards the library as we're talking, but then―*
Angel: "Mitsuyoshi, don't take another step."
Mitsuyoshi: (Huh? Why...?)
Rito: "What's wrong, Koga-kun?"
Angel: "Make sure you hold onto her hand tightly. Something big is about to happen."
*I immediately pull Rito towards me and embrace her.*
*Don't tell me another Mist is targeting her again.*
*Or perhaps something even worse than that...*
Rito: "What happened?"
*I hear the sound of glass breaking coming from the direction of the school building.*
*And it's not just once or twice. The noise continues for a while.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I don't know, but please just stay still for now."
Rito: "......?"
*A few seconds later, I understand that it was a good idea to heed Angel's warning.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Guh!!"
Rito: "Kyaa...!"
*Something huge and invisible speeds past us without any sound or smell.*
*However, it mows down every tree in its path.*
*If Rito and I had kept on walking, we would've become its victims.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What the hell was that, Angel? What's going on?"
*No response.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Can you not hear me? Hey, what's..."
Fuhito: "There you are, Koga-kun. I'm glad you're safe."
*Turning around, I see the principal standing here.*
*Lined up behind her are Momo-senpai and some other Disciplinary Committee members.*
Fuhito: "Shogoin-san, lead the students to a safe location. The barrier should still be intact in the gymnasium. Have everyone be on the lookout for anyone injured."
Momoka: "Roger! Have you already checked the dorms?"
"Yes! We confirmed that there's nobody there."
Momoka: "Great. Let's move out then, everyone!"
*Momo-senpai takes command of her group and they head for the school building.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Principal... What's going on? Something weird passed by this area a minute ago."
Fuhito: "I'm fully aware. We should get a move on as well."
Mitsuyoshi: "Where to?"
Fuhito: "Just follow me. You'll know once we get there."
*She takes us to a place underneath the library.*
*It's apparently called the treasury.*
*I've never been here before.*
Fuhito: "Koga-kun, could you hold onto this for a second?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh... Sure."
*She hands me a small key.*
*It feels strange, like something's been severed...*
*I follow her inside the treasury.*
Fuhito: "Thank you, Koga-kun. I'll take it back now."
Mitsuyoshi: "......? Here you go."
*In the end, I never used it to unlock anything. I was just holding it.*
Fuhito: "Normally, humans are unable to enter this place so easily, but this is an emergency."
*She doesn't have her usual carefree tone of voice.*
*There's a very solemn air around her.*
Fuhito: "A crisis is looming at this school, something unprecedented since its founding. It will affect not just you, but each and every student here."
Fuhito: "Everything here is guarded with a powerful spell. They're items that must be handled in such a manner."
Fuhito: "However, Lazurit's Seal, which is what's controlling them, is starting to fade. This has never happened before. Why do you think that is?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I have no clue..."
Fuhito: "That's nothing to be ashamed of. It's top-secret information after all."
*After saying that, the principal picks up a hand mirror and shows it to Rito.*
Fuhito: "Rito, could you tell us the name of this Mist and the genealogy of the Magie who created it?"
Rito: "Sure. This is..."
Rito: "...This is..."
*Well that's a first.*
*It seems that she's taken aback by this as well and looks confused.*
Rito: "...What's going on...?"
Fuhito: "I thought that this would happen. Rito's reason for existence is fading away."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait, wait! There are so many Mists here. It's normal to not be able to remember all of them, isn't it?"
Fuhito: "Perhaps... for a normal human being. But Rito is different. She is a book. She is an index of all the Mists sealed at this school. It's impossible for her to forget."
Fuhito: "And she's not just any ordinary book. She is a cornerstone to the seal that keeps this school functioning properly."
Fuhito: "Her reason for existence fading affects Lazurit's Seal similarly."
Fuhito: "With that seal on the Mists weakening, the magic set up by the school ends up deforming in order to fill up the gaps that open."
*This school will cease to exist without Rito.*
*That much I can understand.*
*But there's something that I still can't come to terms with.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Why is that seal or whatever... fading away?"
Fuhito: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Tell me already! Do we just have to get her memories back!? What should I..."
Fuhito: "You're better off not knowing."
*I'm left speechless.*
*I'm unable to find the words to respond, and the principal starts muttering something under her breath.*
*Unfortunately, I can't hear her clearly.*
Fuhito: "...So this is what it comes down to."
*Her eyes are fixed on Rito.*
Fuhito: "Perhaps I should've stepped in before it came to this."
*She raises her right hand.*
*Faint words appear at her feet.*
*Is she trying to cast some sort of spell on me and Rito...?*
Angel: "...Mitsuyoshi."
*It was just for a moment.*
*I felt someone lifting up my right arm.*
*Something happened the very next instant.*
Angel: "Normally, this would be a bad way to approach the problem."
*When I take another look at the principal, she's frozen with her mouth open, about to say something.*
*The spell to interfere with the souls of others was used―the same one we used to stop that Mist.*
Rito: "I've... never seen this spell before."
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito! You　can move!?"
Rito: "Apparently so."
Angel: "That's right. Mitsuyoshi, her... and myself. Our consciousnesses are linked, which is why we can be here together."
Angel: "We don't have much time. I only did this because I couldn't tolerate what she was doing."
Mitsuyoshi: (Couldn't tolerate...?)
Angel: "That she was robbing you of your freedom of choice."
*―Choice.*
*What does that have to do with what the principal was saying before?*
Angel: "Let's add some context to what the principal said. However... this may be painful for you to hear."
Mitsuyoshi: (...Please go on.)
*Despite her confusion, Rito has an idea of what's going on and remains silent.*
Angel: "Do you remember what this girl said on the day she was attacked by that special Mist?"
*My heart palpitates.*
*What Rito said that day was...*
Rito: "I have no soul."
Angel: "Rito has no soul. She is a homunculus. She was not born of natural means. That's why the Mist tried to occupy her and use her as a vessel."
Mitsuyoshi: (But she wasn't occupied in the end.)
Angel: "Yes, that's because you were by her side."
*What? Because of me?*
*My body starts trembling on its own.*
Angel: "On that day, Rito gained a soul. You were the one who created it. The powers within us are strong enough to do that."
Mitsuyoshi: (No way... That's...)
Angel: "Mitsuyoshi. Since you created it, it's only natural that that soul... that Rito would come to love you."
Mitsuyoshi: (......!!)
Angel: "That is what happens to souls created by Magie."
*My vision distorts.*
*I feel like I'm falling down a bottomless pit.*
Rito: "Koga-kun, your hands... are freezing."
*She looks at me worriedly as she wraps her hands around mine.*
*That kindness, that smile...*
*The times we were connected as lovers, and the conclusion that I wanted.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Those weren't Rito's true feelings?)
*I finally understand the true meaning behind the principal's gaze.*
*She was stealing my choices from me.*
*She must've been trying to wipe our memories.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Everything, so that there would be nothing but a clean slate...)
Rito: "Koga-kun?"
*I stare at Rito.*
*She does the same in return.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito, I'm sorry..."
Rito: "For what?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I... really did love you. I treasured you a lot."
Rito: "Me too, Koga-kun. You're someone important to me."
*Did it only feel pleasant because she was like a mirror reflecting my own heart?*
*Was that why our time together felt so fun and irreplaceable?*
Mitsuyoshi: "No, that's wrong."
Rito: "......?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito, you are truly a wonderful and kind girl."
*I hug her tightly.*
*I can feel her heart pounding.*
*Every last part of her is precious to me.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Angel, I will make that choice.)
Angel: "...I see."
Mitsuyoshi: (If I do, will Rito turn back to the way she was before?)
Angel: "Unfortunately, I don't know how it will affect her memories."
Angel: "Just remember that the only one able to remove an artificial soul is you, Mitsuyoshi."
*She whispers into my ear how to do that.*
*I nod and her presence disappears.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Rito."
*I hold her cheeks with both my hands.*
*Her eyes, the colour of the sky at dusk, stare straight at me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm really grateful... that I came here and happened to meet you, and I'm sure I'll continue to be for the time to come."
Rito: "We'll still be together from now on."
*I shake my head.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm glad I saved you that time. That's why I don't regret this."
Rito: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "But it's painful for me knowing that you're not yourself."
*Her eyes grow wet.*
*They waver and convey her sadness.*
Rito: "Are you... leaving me behind?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not. Nothing's changed. Neither my heart nor your feelings."
*I gently wipe the tears rolling down her cheeks.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm sure... that they'll return to the same place. That's what I believe."
Rito: "...Okay."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll always be by your side. But this time, I'll wait for you to come to my heart."
Rito: "...Okay, I understand."
*She shuts her eyes and I pull her close to me.*
*There's no way I could forget her sweet aroma or the feeling of her soft lips.*
*I made the choice.*
*To always remember her.*
*And everything I've done to her―*
*Time starts flowing again.*
*A soft light appears from Rito's body simultaneously.*
*The ephemeral but beautiful light makes a round through the treasury before vanishing into thin air.*
Fuhito: "...What happened!?"
*To the principal, all of that happened in the blink of an eye.*
*Even so, it seems that she's realized the changes that have occurred.*
Fuhito: "What... The... The seal on the Mists... has returned...!?"
Fuhito: "Koga-kun, you couldn't have!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Principal, I thought of one. A wish that I want granted."
*I can hear her slow breaths, so I'm sure she'll wake up soon.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I want you to erase all of Rito's memories, starting from the day she gained the fake soul."
Fuhito: "But then... you..."
Mitsuyoshi: "That is my wish."
*She nods without saying anything else.*
*The bell signalling the end of classes chimes.*
*As usual, the classroom is abuzz with chatter.*
*I get up from my seat and walk outside.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hey, I'm here again for the usual."
Rito: "Sit down over there."
Mitsuyoshi: "Got it."
*The history of magic, commentary, how to control one's powers...*
*The Mists have calmed back down and we've returned to peaceful days―*
*As I did before, I'm studying magic in the library with Rito as my tutor.*
Rito: "Now then, decipher the diagram on page 126."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, I'll give it a shot."
Rito: "Feel free to ask me if you get stuck."
*As I'm reading through the book, I occasionally look up at Rito's face.*
*Quite some time has passed since then... since I made the decision to remove the soul I had given her.*
*I haven't dared to ask her how things have been.*
Rito: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "What's the matter?"
Rito: "...What do you mean?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You looked like you were spacing out for a little bit, so I was wondering if you were tired or something."
*She looks confused for a second, but then she smiles and shakes her head.*
Rito: "I'm fine. I don't feel tired at all."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's good then."
Rito: "I was simply curious about the weather outside right now."
*She mutters something unexpected.*
*And that makes my heart sway greatly.*
*I feel like the Rito before me is different from when we first met, and different from the one with the fake soul.*
Mitsuyoshi: "How about we go for a walk then?"
Rito: "Why...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "We don't need a reason, do we? And we'll get to know the weather."
Rito: "......"
*I've seen her like this once before.*
*The time when we went to the chapel together to seal that Mist.*
Mitsuyoshi: (It's the Rito from before I gave her that fake soul.)
*I hold her hand, just like I did back then.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll be with you, so don't worry."
*...But.*
*Before I can even take a step, she lets go of my hand.*
Rito: "Wait! What... is this phenomenon?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito?"
*She looks surprised and turns around.*
*She rushes to the bookshelves and looks around every which way.*
Rito: "...This phenomenon is... umm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you trying to look for?"
Rito: "The meaning of a particular word."
*She takes a thick book and flips through it.*
*I stare at her fingers the entire time.*
Rito: "That's close, but not exactly it..."
*She closes it and places it back onto the shelf.*
*With her head tilted in confusion, she scans through the titles on the spines.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Anything I can help with?"
Rito: "No. Give me a few minutes."
*She knows the contents of all the books here.*
*I've never seen her this lost as to which book to take.*
Rito: "Ah...!"
Rito: "...'Nostalgic'."
*Her utterance pierces through me.*
*Nostalgic.*
*She used that word when we first met.*
Rito: "It's not in my memories of any book... Why did I forget about it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Didn't someone important to you say that to you?"
Rito: "Huh...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You said that once before, a long time ago."
Rito: "No."
*I'm taken aback by her unexpected response.*
Rito: "That's not it. This is apparently from my own memories."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yours...?"
*She goes quiet for a bit, as if she's going through them now.*
Rito: "I did indeed learn about this word from someone important to me, but they never told me its meaning."
Rito: "They simply smiled... and shook their head."
*Her eyes are staring into the distant past.*
Rito: "But my memories are saying that they know this word."
Mitsuyoshi: "What 'nostalgic' means?"
*Her lips curve into a smile.*
*To me, her palm, open as if to grasp something, looks like a small flower.*
Rito: "Is it its meaning? Perhaps... this sensation is trying to manifest in my speech."
Rito: "It feels like something warm, and it means something that's soft and fragile."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah."
Rito: "That is what I felt in my hand earlier."
*I slowly take her hand in mine again.*
*Her fingers are cold and slender. Only her fingertips have any trace of warmth.*
Rito: "Would it be correct to call that feeling 'nostalgic'?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I'm sure that's right."
Rito: "...I see. That's good."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm probably feeling the same thing you are."
*Her fingers stir slightly.*
*I've held her hand several times before.*
*The days we spent chasing down Mists.*
*The days we spent together afterwards out of love.*
*I had held her hand tightly numerous times.*
*That was what we had between us until just a few days ago.*
Rito: "Can we stay like this for a little while?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh...?"
Rito: "I want to stay like this."
Mitsuyoshi: "I feel the same way."
*I'm not squeezing her hand tightly.*
*Because I know that what I'm holding onto is extremely fragile.*
*Because I know that this moment only exists as a result of countless coincidences―*
*omake_Adelheid*
Mitsuyoshi: "Fwaaaahhhh..."
*Not much happened at the Bureau today, and it looks like I'll be able to sleep soundly tonight, which I haven't been able to do in a while.*
*I guess I'll hit the hay...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Who could that be...?"
*A knock at this hour? Did something happen...?*
*If there's a Mist causing problems, then I can't afford to be sleeping.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm coming."
Louis: "...Haaah."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Louis?"
*When I open the door, I'm greeted by an exasperated-looking Louis.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's up?"
Louis: "That idiot did something stupid again."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Did something happen to Heidi!?"
Louis: "What other idiots are there?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I-I'll listen to what you have to say, so come inside..."
Louis: "It's fine. You come to our room. There's nothing I can do about it."
Mitsuyoshi: "What!? Hold on a second. You're telling me that I'd be able to do something instead?"
Louis: "You're the most apt for it. That's what I determined. Now get out of there and head to the guest room."
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Hey! Louis!!"
*While I'm in a state of confusion, he pulls me into the hallway, swapping positions with me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait, Louis!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey!! What are you doing!?"
Louis: "Don't worry about it and just go to where that idiot is. It's out of my hands now."
Louis: "I'm sorry, but I'll be staying in your room tonight. You can ask her for the details yourself..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Is he for real...?"
*With the door locked, I can't get back inside my own room.*
*From the looks of it, he's not going to tell me anything else.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Doesn't look like I have a choice...)
*Staring at this door won't do me any good, so for now, I walk over to where Heidi is.*
Mitsuyoshi: (It was this one, right...?)
*Is it really okay for me to come visit a girl staying by herself at night...?*
*But Louis told me to come here, so something must be up.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay."
Adelheid: "Wh-Who's there?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm, it's me... Koga. What's the matter? Did something happen?"
Adelheid: "Koga...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, that's right. Louis sent me here."
Adelheid: "...The door's unlocked, so come in."
*I can hear her voice coming faintly from inside.*
*I was pretty worried that something terrible had happened, but her saying that it's okay to go in makes me feel somewhat relieved.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Pardon the intrusion..."
Adelheid: "......"
*Heidi is sitting down in the middle of the room.*
*And because she's curled into a ball with her back to the door, I can't tell what's going on with her.*
*At any rate, I won't be able to do anything unless I get closer and talk to her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What happened?"
Adelheid: "Koga..."
*She turns my way slightly when I call out to her.*
*Tears are rolling down her face.*
Adelheid: "M-My... perfume experiment exploded... Wh-What should I do...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? What?"
Adelheid: "I-I never would've imagined... th-that things would turn out this way... U-Uuu..."
*She desperately tries to not burst into tears while saying that.*
*But that explanation alone isn't enough to tell me the whole story.*
*All I know is that something happened while she was testing a perfume.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, Heidi, I still have no idea what's going on."
Adelheid: "U-Uuu..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Could you give me some more details?"
Adelheid: "I-I'm sorry. I-I was testing a new perfume."
Adelheid: "However, I accidentally combined two substances that should never be mixed... The liquid evaporated in an instant and I inhaled all of it."
Mitsuyoshi: "W-Wait, was that safe!? Were there any side effects?"
Adelheid: "U-Uuuuu..."
*Her face becomes visibly redder the moment I ask her that.*
*She then looks away from me, hugs her own body, and faces the ground.*
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Heidi? Hey, what's wrong?"
Adelheid: "...It..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh?"
Adelheid: "...I-It won't stop."
Mitsuyoshi: "What won't?"
Adelheid: "U-Uu... My b-breasts... won't stop producing milk..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...What?"
Adelheid: "......"
*I thought I misheard her.*
*I really hoped I did.*
*But she remains in her current state, and upon closer inspection, even the tips of her ears are red.*
Mitsuyoshi: "S-Seriously!? H-How do we stop it then!?"
Adelheid: "I-It won't stop... until it's all let out..."
Mitsuyoshi: "All... let out...?"
Louis: "It's fine. You come to our room. There's nothing I can do about it."
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*That explains Louis's behaviour and why he took over my room!*
*While it may be beyond his control, letting out breast milk is...*
*He's throwing something so ridiculous onto me!*
Adelheid: "I'm sorry for getting you involved, Koga, but Louis brought you here for my sake."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know, but..."
Adelheid: "U-Umm, I can't squeeze it out well by myself, so could you help me...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "U-Uhh, that's... umm..."
*Does she realize that she's asking me to fondle her breasts to squeeze out all of her milk!?*
*Did Louis know that this would happen, and that's why he got me to come here?*
Adelheid: "Koga...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait..."
*She stares at me, thinking that I'd readily help her.*
Adelheid: "What's the matter?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I-It's nothing. You want me to help you, right? I've never milked someone before though..."
Adelheid: "Ah... Th-That would be normal, wouldn't it? Sorry... I asked you to do something strange."
Mitsuyoshi: "No, you don't have to apologize..."
Adelheid: "But there's nobody else I can ask... If you can't, then I'll try my best by myself..."
*Her eyes are still wet, and when I see how troubled she is, it makes it extremely hard for me to refuse.*
*I'll try to get this over with as quickly as possible.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I-It's fine. I'll do what I can."
Adelheid: "Really? Ah... Thank you, Koga."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well then, umm... can you reveal your breasts? I'll give it a shot."
Adelheid: "Ah...! O-Okay."
*She blushes harder when I ask her to do that.*
*However, she seems to have steeled herself and turns her entire body to face me before shifting her clothes to expose her chest.*
Adelheid: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "This is..."
*I can see some milk trickling out from her nipples.*
*Perhaps because of that, her rack looks bigger than usual.*
*This is... how do I put it... amazing.*
*As I stare intently at her chest, she looks away embarrassedly.*
Adelheid: "I-I'm sorry, Koga... f-for making you do something like this..."
Mitsuyoshi: "N-No... It's no problem at all..."
Adelheid: "I never thought things would turn out this way."
Mitsuyoshi: "You normally wouldn't. Anyway... I'll do it slowly. Let me know if it hurts."
Adelheid: "O-Okay... Hyaa!"
*I gently grope her breasts in order not to hurt her, and just taking hold of them is enough to send milk flying.*
*I lightly squeeze her breasts in order to milk them, and it doesn't seem like she's in any pain.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Maybe a little harder..."
Adelheid: "A-Ahh... ah..."
*I put some more strength into my hands, causing her milk to spray out and soak her chest.*
Adelheid: "Ah... mm, mm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I repeat the motion several times, and she lets out a soft voice every time I do so.*
*Maybe she does feel some pain in spite of appearances.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Does it hurt, Heidi?"
Adelheid: "I-It's... okay..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure?"
Adelheid: "Y-Yes, so please continue..."
*She doesn't look fine, and I get the feeling that it does hurt a bit for her...*
*But just because her milk's stopped coming out for now doesn't mean that she's back to normal... I have to squeeze out all of the excess.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, but don't just try to grin and bear it if it does hurt, okay?"
Adelheid: "I-I know..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm going to keep going then."
Adelheid: "Mmm... Okay."
*I continue to milk her by forcefully fondling her breasts.*
*However, no matter how much I try, there doesn't seem to be an end.*
*Could it be that the amount is proportional to the size...?*
Adelheid: "Haa, haa... ah, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*Now that I'm listening more carefully, the voices she's letting out are sounding more like moans.*
*Don't tell me that she's getting aroused from this.*
Adelheid: "Haa, haa... ah, ah...!"
*Her current state, with her face as red as a beet and her overflowing breast milk, tickles my mischievous side.*
*I try squeezing her breasts as hard as I can.*
Adelheid: "Ah, ahhh!!"
*When I do so, her milk sprays out with more force than before, and the sudden stimulation causes her to moan loudly.*
Adelheid: "K-Koga... Wh-What are you..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Does being milked feel good for you? Are you unable to do it properly by yourself because you got too aroused?"
Adelheid: "Hyaa! Ah, ahh! N-No... You're wrong! Th-That's not it!!"
*She furiously shakes her flushed face.*
*Given how frantically she's denying it, I must've been right.*
Adelheid: "Y-You're wrong! That's not it. Umm, I couldn't do it myself because...!"
*It's adorable how bad she is at lying.*
*Seeing her like this really makes me want to tease her.*
*I stare straight at her and wring her breasts.*
Adelheid: "Haa, mm! Ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Go on. How am I wrong? You look like you're really enjoying yourself right now."
Adelheid: "Mm, ahh! Ah, ah, n-no... this is... ahh!"
*Her moans grow louder even while she's denying it, and her body shakes every time milk squirts out from her breasts.*
Adelheid: "Haa, ahh! Ah, ah... Koga, mm!"
*She can't resist the stimulation, and she can't hold back her voice anymore, let alone form proper sentences.*
*Every time I squeeze down, she shudders and moans.*
Adelheid: "Ah, haa... haa, haa... ah, I... ahh!"
*An idea pops into my mind as I see her expression look more and more dazed from the pleasure.*
*I try pinching and stroking her nipples in order to draw out her milk.*
*When I do, it squirts out more forcefully than before, splattering all over her chest.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wow, it just keeps coming out."
Adelheid: "Hyaa! Ah, ahh! Ahhh!!! No, Koga, don't!!"
*Her reactions grow stronger the more I stimulate her chest.*
*In response, I continue to stroke her nipples and caress her bosom over and over again.*
Adelheid: "Ahhh, ahh... Koga, ah! No, I... ah, hah! Ahhhh!!"
*As I'm caught up in the moment, she sends milk flying every which way and her entire body convulses.*
*Taken aback by the huge reaction, I stop my hands and stare at her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Did you... cum?"
Adelheid: "Haa, haa... haa, Koga... you're such a bully..."
*I don't take my eyes off of her, and she answers shyly.*
*The cuteness of it all makes me want to tease her even more.*
*On top of that, the job's still not done, and every tremble of her body makes more breast milk overflow.*
Adelheid: "U-Uu... It's still not stopping..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Heidi... It seems like such a waste, so do you mind if I drink it?"
Adelheid: "Huh!? Dr-Dr-Drink it? Huh? My breast milk, you mean?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... Can I?"
Adelheid: "Ah... Only a little..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, thanks."
*She was surprised, but after I ask her that with a straight face, she pushes her chest towards me, her face bright red.*
*I can't help but smile at the contrast between the cute look on her face and the lewd action, and I proceed to lick her nipple.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm..."
Adelheid: "A-Ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm, mm!"
*I give her nipple a thorough licking as I play with a breast in each hand.*
*Her body shakes, and even more of her milk flows out.*
*Her reactions, her softness, and the sweetness of her milk delight me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Heidi..."
Adelheid: "Y-Yes, mm...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Your milk is so sweet and delicious."
Adelheid: "D-Don't say things like that..."
Mitsuyoshi: "But it's true."
*I look into her eyes and she blushes yet again.*
*Even so, she seems quite turned on.*
*This time, I try lightly sucking on her nipple.*
Adelheid: "Mmm! Mm, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm..."
*Milk comes gushing out and its taste spreads throughout my mouth.*
*I deliberately make sucking noises as I do so, and she shudders from the embarrassment and the stimulation.*
Adelheid: "Mm, ahh! Ah, no... the sounds..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm...! But it comes out more easily... this way."
Adelheid: "A-Ah! Mm, ah...! Koga, th-this is so embarrassing... ah, ahhn!"
*She's clearly more aroused than she was before, and on top of that, the amount of milk has increased as well.*
*I'm wondering just how much is inside these jugs, but right now, I wouldn't mind more.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa, haa... mm!"
Adelheid: "Ahh, ah! Ah, mmm! Koga... don't be so rough... ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "But we... mm, have to get it all out..."
Adelheid: "Ahhn! Ahh! Ah, y-yes, but... ah, ahh..."
*Her body starts burning up as I fondle her breasts and drink her milk.*
*Her softer-than-usual breasts, the dirty sounds being produced, and her sweet milk.*
*There's no man in the world who wouldn't get turned on from this.*
Adelheid: "Mm, ah... haa, Koga, ahh...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Heidi... I don't think I can hold back any longer."
Adelheid: "Huh? Hold back...?"
*I rub my lower body against her legs as she looks puzzled.*
*She's surprised when she realizes that it's my boner that she's feeling, but then she quickly starts fidgeting and looks my way.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I want to put it in you."
Adelheid: "Ah... Koga, me too... Just my breasts isn't enough..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Come here then."
Adelheid: "Okay."
*After all she's gone through, she's gotten into the mood as well.*
*Seeing her being so obedient turns me on even more.*
Adelheid: "Ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm...!"
*We move over to the window and I plunge my dick into her from behind.*
*My dick easily slides into her tight pussy, which was already drenched from her being milked.*
Adelheid: "Ahh, ah...! Ah, Koga, ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I know... mm!"
Adelheid: "Haa, mm! It's so deep... ah!"
*Her juices cling to my dick as it makes its way inside.*
*I continue to milk her breasts while embracing the sticky sensation.*
Adelheid: "Ahh! Ah, ahh! Not my breasts again, ahhn!"
*Milk squirts out from her jugs as I fondle them, staining the nearby window a creamy white.*
*Her insides twitch every time that happens, clamping down hard on my member.*
Adelheid: "Mm, ah...! Kogaaa, ah! It feels so good...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I can tell... You tighten up every time your milk comes out."
Adelheid: "Hyaa! Ah, ah! So much again, ahhn!"
*I don't stop squeezing her breasts, splattering white fluids onto the window.*
*Her pussy keeps getting tighter and tighter, and my penis pulsates inside her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... It feels really good for me too..."
Adelheid: "Mm, ah... haa, haa...! Mm, mm! My breasts... no!"
*I want to feel more of her tightness, so I release more of her milk by stroking her nipples.*
*Her breasts feel slippery to the touch, and they seem softer than usual.*
*And I can't get enough of how tight her pussy is.*
Adelheid: "Haa, ah, ahh... Koga, you keep focusing on my boobs..."
Mitsuyoshi: "They feel good after all."
Adelheid: "I-I don't like this..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Tell me what you want me to do then. What happened to releasing all of your milk?"
Adelheid: "Mm, mm... But..."
*Unsatisfied with me just toying with her chest, she starts moving her own hips a little.*
*I obviously know what she wants, but teasing her is just so much fun.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Heidi, want do you want me to do? I won't know unless you tell me..."
Adelheid: "P-Please, Koga... I want you to move. Mess me up inside..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What a dirty girl you are..."
Adelheid: "I-It's because you're forcing me to say it! Ahh, ah!"
*Her meek response is adorable, and I reward her by slowly moving my hips while playing with her breasts.*
Adelheid: "Ahh...! Ah, ahh, you're so deep... hyaa!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm! It's your reward for properly telling me... mm!"
*I repeatedly thrust into her.*
*She clamps down hard every time I push into her sopping-wet pussy.*
*I make large swings of my hips, wanting to feel more of it.*
Adelheid: "Ahh! Ah, ahh! Koga, mm, ahh! Amazing...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
Adelheid: "Ah, mm! I'm...! Going to... go crazy... ahhh!"
*Her voice gradually becomes louder and her reactions larger, perhaps due to the added source of stimulation.*
*The amount of honey coming from her pussy grows as well.*
*I definitely don't forget to work her breasts while moving my hips.*
Adelheid: "Ahh, ah! Haa, haa...! Mm, ah... No, no! I'm gonna... cum! Ahhn!"
*Her rack is covered in her white milk, and she shakes her head while tightening her pussy.*
*Her pose and the sensation of it all cause my penis to throb again, and the feeling of the semen ready to burst from my tip sends chills down my spine.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Go right ahead."
Adelheid: "Mm, ahhh! Ah, Koga! Ah, ahh... I'm really gonna... ah, mm!"
*I put more force into my hands than before, squeezing her breasts hard while giving a powerful thrust of my hips.*
Adelheid: "Haa, hyaa... No, I... No! Ahh! Ahhhh!!!"
*Unable to withstand the double assault, the large amount of breast milk remaining within her overflows and she climaxes while moaning loudly.*
*She tightens up on my twitching dick, but I somehow manage to hold back and stay still.*
Adelheid: "Hah, Hah... Hah..."
*I continue to fondle her breasts, but her milk doesn't spurt out like before.*
*Maybe it's all been released now.*
Adelheid: "K-Koga... Thank you. It looks like we're done..."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's great."
Adelheid: "But you still haven't..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Ah, hey!!!"
*With a lascivious smile, she gives a somewhat unsatisfied look.*
*She then removes the rest of her clothes and forcibly pins me down.*
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Hey, come on now..."
Adelheid: "I want you to feel good too..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
Adelheid: "This time, I'll make you cum."
*She spreads her legs and straddles me, putting my thing inside her by herself.*
Adelheid: "Mm... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa, ah...!"
*Having just orgasmed, her pussy is still twitching.*
*Because of that, her insides coil tightly around me, and I can feel my member pulsating while leaking precum.*
Adelheid: "A-Ahh! Koga, it's twitching inside me... ah, ahhn!"
*Heidi starts moving on her own, and my tip hits her deepest parts over and over again.*
*Her pussy squeezes down with every stroke, making my dick twitch each time.*
Adelheid: "Haa, haa, ah...! Ah, mmm! It feels so good... ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
Adelheid: "Does it feel good for you too, Koga? I don't want it to be just me... ah, ahh! Ah, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm, yeah... mm!"
Adelheid: "Ah, haa... haa, that makes me happy...! I'll make you feel even better...!"
*Her chest bounces around as she moves, stimulating not only my body but also my vision.*
*She gives a content smile when she sees me moaning.*
Adelheid: "Koga... Ahh, ah! Amazing, it's shivering inside me... ah, ahhn!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm, mm! Heidi, if you're so rough... mm!"
Adelheid: "Ah, ah! I want more... I want to feel good with you... mm!"
*She moves up and down above me, riding my dick.*
*I shudder from the sensation, and when I look up at her, I can still see her breasts bouncing around.*
*I smirk when I see that and raise my upper body, grabbing those jugs and sucking on her nipples.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Heidi... mm!"
Adelheid: "Ah, mm, ahh! Koga, ah! No, don't!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Why not?"
*Her body starts trembling from the sudden stimulation. The strength drains from her, and her hips drop down to the base of my penis.*
*She clamps down tightly, and at the same time, I thrust my hips upwards to penetrate through.*
Adelheid: "Haa, hyaa! Ahh, ahhn!! Koga, ahh!"
*In spite of her blushing and her furious head-shaking, her reactions are getting better the more I suck on her nipples.*
*I get the feeling that she's tightening up even more, as if it's increasing proportionally to the pleasure she's experiencing.*
Adelheid: "I-It isn't going to come out anymore, no matter how much you suck on them...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm, mm...! I'm just cleaning up the leftovers."
Adelheid: "Leftovers? Ahhn!"
*I lick up the remnants of her breast milk as I suck on her nipples.*
*Her flavour spreads throughout my mouth, heightening my arousal.*
*I thrust deep into her as my tongue makes its rounds.*
Adelheid: "Haa, haa, ah! Ah... ah! It's filling me up so much, ahhn!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm...!"
Adelheid: "Ah, no... I can't! Ah, ahh! Kogaaa!"
*She's lost all the strength in her body from the constant stimulation, and I have to support her while moving my hips.*
*I remove my mouth from her nipples and her body flops around as I thrust.*
Adelheid: "Ah, ahh! So rough... ah, ahh!"
Adelheid: "I-I... wanted you to be on the receiving end this time! Ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... You've already done enough. Now let me make you feel better."
Adelheid: "Hii, mm, ahh! It's so deep... ah, no, mm! Ah, ah, ahh!"
*Her juices won't stop flowing out.*
*I embrace the feeling of her insides coiling around my dick as I swing my hips.*
*My precum won't stop seeping out of my tip.*
*I already knew that I was at my limits ages ago.*
*But I wanted to feel more of Heidi.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... Heidi!"
Adelheid: "Koga, ahh! I'm... again... ah, no! It feels too good, ah! I'm going crazy!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You're adorable right now..."
Adelheid: "Ahh... D-Don't say that, ahh! Ah, ah! No, I... I'm gonna, ah, hyaa!"
*I grab her breasts again and thrust my hips wildly.*
*When I do, I feel her tighten up and her body convulses.*
Adelheid: "Ah, ahhh! No... I'm...! I'm cumming!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Together this time...!!"
Adelheid: "Mm, ah! Ah, ahh... Koga... ah, ahhhh!!"
*I thrust one last time before losing control and releasing my semen inside her.*
*She trembles and climaxes a second time.*
Adelheid: "Ahh... Koga...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Heidi..."
Adelheid: "...K-Koga..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm..."
Adelheid: "Koga!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "!?!?!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? Oh..."
Adelheid: "Good grief. You finally woke up."
*I wake up to Heidi shouting at me and survey my surroundings.*
*The sun is already high in the sky.*
*The light shining in from the window is blindingly bright.*
Adelheid: "You're going to be late for class if you don't get up soon."
*She giggles as she says that, and when I look over at her, I recall yesterday's events.*
Mitsuyoshi: "A-Ahh... right! Heidi, are you all right now?"
Adelheid: "What do you mean...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You know... Did your breast milk stop? Were there any aftereffects?"
Adelheid: "...Huh?"
*She looks confused by my string of questions.*
*However, she furrows her brow upon hearing the term "breast milk".*
Adelheid: "What are you talking about, Koga? Breast milk? I have no idea what you mean."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh... But didn't you mess up an experiment last night which made your body produce breast milk uncontrollably?"
Adelheid: "...What?"
Mitsuyoshi: "And you had me help you squeeze it out."
Adelheid: "A-A-Ahhhh...!"
*When I explain, her face starts getting redder and redder.*
*...Huh?*
Adelheid: "Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What kind of weird dream were you having!? Koga, you jerk! Idiot! Perv!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Wh-Wha... A dream...!?"
Adelheid: "Stop spacing out already and go wash up!!"
*She scolds me while blushing. I have no idea what's going on anymore.*
Mitsuyoshi: "A dream? Wait, what about Louis then? Why am I in your room?"
Adelheid: "Haah... You lost the key to your room yesterday. Do you remember now?"
Adelheid: "Since our room is relatively large and we had a free bed, we let you stay here!"
Mitsuyoshi: "R-Really...?"
*I kind of get the feeling that that's what happened, but I also kind of don't...*
*That's really strange. I can't remember for the life of me.*
Adelheid: "I can't believe you. Did you lose something else along with your key?"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I... I'm sorry."
Adelheid: "We were going to use Hyter Sprite to search for your key today, and Louis is..."
Louis: "Oh, you're awake?"
Adelheid: "See? He's right here. He was making breakfast."
*He pops in while Heidi and I are talking.*
*The reason I didn't see him was not because he was in my room, but because he was preparing food.*
*Which means that all of that was a dream, and in the commotion of losing my room key, I forgot what actually happened...?*
Louis: "Are you all right? I can't help but think that you're too tired from trying to find your key."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well..."
Louis: "That must've been why you had that ridiculous dream."
Louis: "But still, a failed experiment that made her produce breast milk, huh?"
*He immediately smirks after saying that.*
*I become embarrassed after realizing that he heard our entire conversation.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Y-You... heard all that...!?"
Louis: "You practically forced me to with how loud you said it. Neither of you seem to know what indoor voices are."
Louis: "At any rate, given Adelheid's personality, her messing up an experiment is entirely possible."
*This time, his smile is directed towards Heidi, who goes beet red.*
Louis: "Do be careful from now on. Oh, and also... remember not to mix substances that don't play well with each other."
Adelheid: "I-I know that much! This is all Koga's fault in the first place!!"
Louis: "No, there's no telling what you might do. That conversation might end up being the trigger for something."
Adelheid: "What's that supposed to mean!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Umm... I'm really sorry about this..."
Adelheid: "G-Geez! It's all your fault!!"
*omake_Fuhito*
*This happened after a string of events were cleanly resolved.*
*In order to perfect my control over my mana, I stayed at the school to study and became the principal's secretary.*
*And one day, while I was doing regular desk work...*
Fuhito: "Koga-kun, I'd like some tea."
Mitsuyoshi: "Please take care of matters like that yourself."
Fuhito: "I'm asking you to do it because I can't! And besides, I prefer the tea that you make."
Mitsuyoshi: "Geez... Fine, take a seat."
Fuhito: "You got it! Oh actually, I'd like coffee today~"
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, okay."
*I really want to study up on mana control techniques and read some magical tomes, but being a secretary is unexpectedly a lot of work.*
*Or rather, the principal's just shoving at me any random task she can think of...*
*I never would've imagined that I'd be doing so many odd jobs.*
Fuhito: "Oh, easy on the sugar and heavy on the milk too."
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure are picky..."
Fuhito: "Koga-kun, is it ready yet~?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Almost, just wait a bit longer."
*All of this feels somewhat strange, considering that she was so hostile to us not long ago, but now she's talking to me like nothing ever happened.*
*If anything, she seems even friendlier than before.*
*Well, I know it's because of orders from her creator, but still...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Here's your coffee."
Fuhito: "Ohh~ Dekuji! This makes me so happy."
Mitsuyoshi: "Once you're done drinking that, make sure you take care of the stuff that actually needs to get done."
Fuhito: "Of course I will."
Mitsuyoshi: "Really now..."
Fuhito: "Koga-kun~ The coffee's too hot. Cool it down for me. ♪"
Mitsuyoshi: "Do it yourself!"
Fuhito: "Boo, you could at least pamper me a little."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Haah. I really want to go to the library soon."
Fuhito: "What? No, no, no~! I still want to be with you~!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you talking about? Didn't we agree that I'd only help you as your secretary until this time each day?"
*I point at the clock as I say that, and she looks up at me with puppy-dog eyes, fidgeting.*
*I've got a bad feeling about this.*
Fuhito: "But I'm still not done with the documents I need for the board meeting tomorrow..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Come again?"
Fuhito: "The documents for tomorrow's board meeting aren't ready yet."
Mitsuyoshi: "Haah... Take that sort of stuff seriously, will you...? Which ones are still incomplete?"
Fuhito: "Ohh! So you'll help me!? In that case, I'd like you to look at this one and this one and this one..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You've barely started!!!"
*Complaining won't do me any good.*
*The sooner I get through this, the sooner I can head to the library.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Finally done...!"
*It's well into the night, but I somehow managed to compile all the necessary documents.*
*I didn't think it'd take this long...*
Fuhito: "Ohh! I expected no less of you, Koga-kun! You're a lifesaver. Dekuji!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm just glad I managed to get through all of it..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Besides, I asked you three days ago if you were working on these!"
Fuhito: "Yes, I do remember you asking me that."
Mitsuyoshi: "Didn't you say that you were? How come they weren't done then!?"
Fuhito: "Because I thought that if I didn't do them, you'd help me work on them... Tehe. ☆"
*For crying out loud, she doesn't look the least bit remorseful.*
*She doesn't feel sorry at all...*
Mitsuyoshi: "There won't be a next time. Take care of this stuff yourself!"
Fuhito: "What!? Now that would be problematic!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Whoa!!"
*She suddenly comes flying at me while she argues back.*
*It takes me by complete surprise and I can't brace myself in time.*
*She clings and snuggles up to me while looking at me with upturned eyes.*
Fuhito: "Mm, can't you tell!? I wanted you to pay more attention to me!"
Mitsuyoshi: "As if I could!"
Fuhito: "You even! Became my secretary! But there haven't! Even been any! Office love affairs!! It makes me feel lonely!!!"
*She rubs her cheek against mine as she spouts nonsense.*
*It doesn't seem like she's going to get away from me anytime soon and I can feel her hold on me getting stronger.*
Fuhito: "I'm certainly willing to do things like this as thanks for helping me... Come on now."
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Hey! Where you do think you're touching!?"
Fuhito: "Like I said! It's to repay the favour~"
*With her body pressed against me, she starts stroking the area around my crotch.*
Mitsuyoshi: "That's not what I'm asking about!"
Fuhito: "Uwah!"
*I force myself away and stare straight at her.*
*But her eyes are sparkling expectantly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haah... You know, Fuhito-chan."
Fuhito: "Yes, Koga-kun?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That is that, and this is this! Take your job more seriously."
Fuhito: "Are you going to punish me then!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Haah."
*She was being quite serious when she said that, but it certainly didn't sound like it, and on top of that, her eyes are sparkling.*
*Which means that she doesn't feel remorseful in the least.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, I get it now. You sure are brave to be asking for that so openly."
Fuhito: "Huh? Wh-What? Ahh!"
*I pull Fuhito-chan towards me, place her face down on my lap, flip her skirt up, and rip off her panties.*
Fuhito: "What are you doing, Koga-kun!? This isn't what I had in mind! S-Stop this at once!"
*Now rendered immobile, she starts struggling and panicking.*
*However, I keep her body restrained and prevent her from escaping.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm punishing you obviously. Isn't that what you asked for?"
Fuhito: "N-Not like this! Let me down now!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You're the one who suggested it to begin with, so you're going to have to accept it."
Fuhito: "L-Like I said, this isn't what..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yes, yes, now stay still."
Fuhito: "Hii!!!"
*I slap her butt while keeping her flailing body in check.*
*She completely stops moving out of surprise, and I give her another slap before she starts shaking her head.*
Fuhito: "O-Oww! That hurts!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Of course it hurts. It's not punishment if it doesn't."
Fuhito: "I-I've already said this several times, but what I meant was..."
Fuhito: "Hyaa! Ahh!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "It'll only hurt more if you don't keep quiet."
Fuhito: "Th-This is too cruel! This is something you'd do to punish children!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, you sure look like one, don't you?"
Fuhito: "Hyaa!"
*Her buttocks gradually become redder and redder as I continue to slap them.*
*I stare at them intently and strike them again.*
Fuhito: "O-Okay, I understand already! That's enough!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I can't trust you at all."
Fuhito: "What's that supposed to mean!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Because you lied about getting your work done."
Fuhito: "Wh-What!? Can't you see how desperate I am right now?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Unfortunately, you cried wolf one too many times."
Fuhito: "Hyaa! N-Not again!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You sound like you're enjoying it though."
Fuhito: "I'm not!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Even though you wanted me to punish you?"
Fuhito: "Again, this isn't what I..."
Fuhito: "Ahhh!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm..."
*Taking a closer look at her pussy, it's getting wet...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't tell me, Fuhito-chan... that you're getting off from this?"
Fuhito: "U-Uuu... Th-That's not true."
Mitsuyoshi: "Really? But it looks like..."
Fuhito: "Hyaa!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "See? Your voice sounds different than before."
Fuhito: "Y-You're wrong... u-uu..."
*Despite her words, her juices are overflowing from her pussy and she sounds like she's moaning.*
*I suddenly stop moving my hands and stare at her before proceeding to gently caress her reddened butt.*
Fuhito: "Ah! Ahhh... ah...!"
*She shudders and moans loudly in response.*
*I can't help but smile at the voice she lets out and give her butt another good slap.*
Fuhito: "Hyaa! Ah, ah! Th-That's... n-not fair!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What isn't?"
Fuhito: "Ahhh!"
*As I expected, she lets out another sweet moan when I go back to stroking her behind.*
*I continue to do so and watch her.*
Fuhito: "Haa... haa, ah... Koga-kun, s-stop it..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, did you like this more?"
Fuhito: "Ahhh! A-Ahh... p-please, that's enough..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you really sure... that you want me to stop?"
Fuhito: "W-Well, umm... that's not what I..."
Fuhito: "Ahh! Ah... ah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Can't you hear the moans you're making...? And besides, this is supposed to be punishment."
Fuhito: "U-Uu... B-But I don't want you to punish my butt... I want you to tease me elsewhere..."
*She finally understands what's going on and starts begging for it honestly.*
*She seems somewhat dazed and looks up at me while fidgeting.*
*In the meantime, her honey doesn't stop leaking out.*
Mitsuyoshi: "But then that wouldn't be punishment play."
Fuhito: "Enough with the punishment already... I want... ah! Ahh!"
*I start slowly caressing her butt again.*
*She's reacting quite nicely, perhaps because it's now sensitive after how much I slapped it.*
*Her voice is trembling more than ever, and her pussy is drooling.*
Fuhito: "K-Koga-kun! Mm...! I-I was wrong! I-I won't do it ever again!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Even if you say that..."
Fuhito: "Hii, mm, ahh! Ah, I-I really..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Really what? Go on."
Fuhito: "Haa, haa... ah! Ah, mm!"
*My hand forces more moans out from her lips.*
*She's trembling as she's shaking her head, unable to speak.*
*I give her another smack on her behind as I watch her like that.*
Fuhito: "Hyaa! A-Ahh... Fr-From now on... I-I'll do my work..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Really? Can you promise me?"
Fuhito: "I-I will! Cross my heart...!"
*She shakes her head furiously when I ask her that while stroking her butt.*
*I stare at her bright red face and stop moving, causing her to sway her body, looking unsatisfied.*
Fuhito: "I-I promise that I will so... I want you to do it normally..."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, let's start with you taking off your clothes then."
Fuhito: "O-Okay..."
*She does as she's told and strips down to her birthday suit.*
*She's fidgeting embarrassedly, though her juices are still dripping from her pussy and she's clearly looking forward to what's to come.*
Fuhito: "I-Is this sufficient?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, that's perfect. So you *are* capable of following instructions."
Fuhito: "Th-That's because... M-Muu... Koga-kun, you bully."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not a bully. This is supposed to be punishment."
Fuhito: "Enough of that already... Hurry... I want you to touch me..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm... Let's see... What should I do?"
*I think about what to do next as I stare at her.*
*She caused me so much trouble, so I want to make her reflect more on her actions...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh yeah, you said you were willing to repay the favour, right?"
Fuhito: "Ah, yes..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What exactly did you have in mind? Show me."
Fuhito: "O-Okay, I get it... so hurry!"
*She pushes my body down impatiently and gets on top of me with her pussy above my face.*
Fuhito: "Mmm... Koga-kun..."
*With her legs spread wide apart, she starts licking my member furiously.*
*I can feel the sticky sensation of her tongue as it moves from the base to the tip.*
Fuhito: "Haa, ah... haa, mm, mm... mm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, you're good at that, aren't you?"
Fuhito: "Mmm... I'll make sure to do my best... ah, mm!"
*Her tongue runs along my dick several times, and she gently sucks on the tip.*
*I involuntarily shiver from the stimulation and she starts sucking on it more.*
Fuhito: "Mm, mmm... mm, schlrp... slrp, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... ah..."
Fuhito: "Mm... Koga-kun... mm!"
*Her wet pussy is already twitching expectantly, inviting me inside.*
*She's aroused from the blowjob and her honey is overflowing.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... I don't think this is enough to repay me."
Fuhito: "Y-Yes... ah, mm... mm!"
*She gives a sudden, hard suck.*
*The intensity of it makes me shudder and my dick twitches.*
*She repeats it a few more times to gauge my reactions.*
Fuhito: "Ahh... ahh, haa... haa, mm..."
*When I thought she was done, she starts licking near the base and then moves back to the tip.*
*Chills run up my spine each time her sticky tongue runs across my dick, and my precum starts to leak out.*
Fuhito: "Haa, haa... Koga-kun... mm, Koga-kun..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What is it?"
Fuhito: "L-Like I said before, umm..."
*I know what she wants from me.*
*But if I do that for her, I doubt she'll learn her lesson...*
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not going to understand unless you tell me clearly."
Fuhito: "I-I'm really sorry about what I did... s-so please forgive me..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm..."
*She pauses her licking and looks at me with teary eyes.*
*It does look like she's done some soul searching... What should I do?*
Fuhito: "I-I really have reflected on my actions! So, umm, umm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Can I trust you on that?"
Fuhito: "Ah, mm!"
*I move my face up to her pussy and gently blow on it.*
*She's sensitive enough for that to make her yelp.*
*My lips curve into a slight smile and I continue to blow on her slit.*
Fuhito: "Hyaa! Ah, ahh... ah, no! Th-That's not what I wanted!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? You look like you're enjoying it though."
Fuhito: "B-Because you... ah, haa!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Should I stop then?"
Fuhito: "Mm, ah... haa, haa..."
*I cut her a break and I hear a sigh of relief.*
Mitsuyoshi: "So you've reflected on your actions now?"
Fuhito: "I have! I'll make sure I do my work next time!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You better."
Fuhito: "I-I swear!"
*I can't help but want to laugh at how frantic she is.*
*But I do my best to hold it back and nod at her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Well then..."
Fuhito: "Hyaa! A-Ahh!"
*I slowly run my fingers across her already wet slit.*
*Her juices cover my fingers and act as a lubricant.*
Fuhito: "Haa... ah, ah! Ahh...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Wow... I only touched you a little, and you're already like this."
Fuhito: "Mmm! Ah, ah..."
*A couple soft touches are all that's needed for her honey to overflow.*
*I continue to gently stimulate her, moving my fingers as if I were smearing her juices all over her crotch.*
Fuhito: "Mm... haa, haa... ah, ahh...!"
*Her pussy twitches several times, and her juices just keep on flowing out.*
*She's soaked down to her thighs, putting a smile on my face and leading me to slightly insert my fingers inside her.*
Fuhito: "Hii, mm, ah! Ah, ahh... ah, mm!"
*Her pussy clamps down on my fingers and produces squelching sounds.*
*The sounds grow louder as I move my fingers in and out shallowly, and she shudders once again.*
Fuhito: "Haa, haa... ah! Mm... No, ah... Koga-kun, n-not... that..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? What's wrong with what I'm doing?"
*This is seemingly not enough for her and her pussy twitches. She stares at me intently with my fingers still inside.*
Fuhito: "K-Koga-kun... P-Please do more than just that..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh... I'm doing what you asked for. What are you unhappy about?"
Fuhito: "U-Uu... b-but, umm... you know..."
*I know exactly what she means, and I'm just teasing her by feigning ignorance.*
*She shakes her head, troubled, and starts moving her hips unconsciously, seeking more stimulation.*
*I respond to that and move my fingers a bit deeper inside.*
Fuhito: "Mm, ahh!! ...Ah, ah... more... ah, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "More, huh...?"
*As she begs for more, I rub my fingers against her insides.*
Fuhito: "Hii, ah! Ah, ah!"
*Her pussy starts twitching again, unsatisfied.*
Fuhito: "Haa... haa, ah... I-I'm begging you... d-do more...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... You're such a greedy girl, Fuhito-chan."
Fuhito: "B-But, this isn't..."
*I can't resist wanting to tease her when she looks at me like that while fidgeting restlessly.*
*I pretend to put some thought into it and smirk.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, how about we compete and see who cums first?"
Fuhito: "Compete...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. If you win, I'll do things normally."
Fuhito: "O-Okay, I'm in. I won't lose."
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's start then... mm!"
*I feel sorry for her, but even with her newfound motivation, I have no intention of losing.*
*I move my face a little and gently kiss her pussy.*
Fuhito: "Ah, hyaa! A-Ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm, mm!"
*Her entire body shakes from light pecks, and her honey overflows.*
*Pulling out my fingers, I scoop up her juices with my tongue and lick her slit several times.*
Fuhito: "Ahh... ah! Ah, ahh! Koga-kun! Mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Mm... haa, does it feel good?"
Fuhito: "Mm, ah! Ahh, it feels... amazing, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "But this is a contest... Your mouth's not moving, you know... mm!"
Fuhito: "Haa, mm... mm! Mm!"
*Every time I lap up her juices, her body trembles as she tries her hardest to keep fellating me.*
*I stick my tongue inside her pussy and churn up the shallow parts, rubbing my fingers against her clitoris at the same time.*
Fuhito: "Mm, ahh! Ah, ahh! Ah, that's! A-Ah!"
*Each movement of my tongue causes her to secrete more fluids and tighten up.*
*I inch further inside, finding it getting stickier and stickier.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... You like it here?"
Fuhito: "Uu, mm... mm! There... ah, hyaa! More, ah, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm... Mm!"
*I aim for the areas that result in the best reactions.*
*My tongue rubs against her insides, scraping out her honey and generating lewd sounds.*
*Even her insides twitch when she hears those noises.*
Fuhito: "Koga-ku... mm! I-If you make those sounds... ah, ahhh...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? So they turn you on, huh?"
Fuhito: "Ah! Ahh, ah! N-No... ah, hii!"
*I deliberately make loud slurping sounds, moving my tongue every which way.*
*Her reactions are getting bigger, and she seems to have completely forgotten about servicing me.*
Fuhito: "Haa, haa... haa, ah... ahh...! Koga-kun... Koga-kun...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Fuhito-chan... mm, what about your mouth...?"
Fuhito: "Mm, ah... ah, ah... mm, mm... mm!"
*I say that teasingly and she goes back to fervently working her mouth.*
*A smile creeps on my face and I start slowly moving my palms.*
Fuhito: "Mm, hyaa!? A-Ahh! Th-That's... no, ahh!"
*Her reactions become bigger than ever before when my fingers play with her asshole.*
*I continue to move my tongue in and out of her pussy, which I can feel tightening up from the other stimulation.*
Fuhito: "N-No! No, ah! Ahh, ah! Koga-kun... s-stop! Don't!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm! Mm, mm..."
Fuhito: "Th-That's... a-against the rules! Ahh!"
*I keep on slurping up the love juices that she secretes.*
*The sounds and stimulation cause her to tremble over and over, and her insides clamp down hard on my tongue.*
*I tirelessly receive her honey, lick her pussy, and play with her butt.*
Fuhito: "Haa, ahh! Ah...! If you keep doing that, ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... mm...! Fuhito-chan, your mouth..."
Fuhito: "Ahh... ah, ahh... uu, mm, ah, mm..."
*I remind her once again that her mouth's not where it's supposed to be.*
*However, she's no longer able to even talk, let alone fellate me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Good grief. Mm..."
Fuhito: "Ah, ah! Again, ah! Ah, haa... haa, hyaa! Ah, mm!"
*She's at my mercy and unable to move as I suck on her genitals.*
*I move my fingers in and out as I do so, and her entire body jerks before my eyes.*
Fuhito: "A-Ahh... ah!"
Fuhito: "Mm... ah, ahhhh!!!"
*Then, her pussy twitches as she convulses, squirting as she climaxes.*
Fuhito: "Ahh... ah, ah... haa, haa... ah... haa..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Aw man, you got it all over my face."
Fuhito: "Ah... ahh, I-I'm sor... ah..."
*She gives a feeble response as I wipe my wet face.*
*Basking in the afterglow, her body hasn't stopped shaking yet, and it doesn't seem like she'll be able to move anytime soon.*
*However, her honey still continues to flow from her pussy.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Looks like it's your loss."
Fuhito: "B-But... wh-when you do stuff like that... it's impossible for me."
Mitsuyoshi: "Impossible, huh?"
Fuhito: "Ah, hyaa! A-Ahh! N-No!"
*I move my lips up to her twitching pussy again, making loud noises as I kiss it.*
*Compared to before, it's less of a stimulation, but she seems to be more sensitive so she reacts greatly.*
Fuhito: "Hii, mm, ah! That again... ah, ahh!"
*She's just going to get turned on again if I keep going, so I stop licking and wipe my mouth.*
*Her body becomes listless, perhaps relieved that the stimulation is now gone.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Well, a competition's a competition, so that makes it my win."
Fuhito: "Huh? What? A-Ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "And that means part two of your punishment."
*I pin her face down against the desk and cover her from above.*
Fuhito: "Hyaaa!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*In that position, I shove my member all the way inside her tight, sticky pussy in one go.*
*Just that is enough to make her shudder, maybe because she's still sensitive from having climaxed.*
Fuhito: "No, no... no, ahh! No, stop! Not right now...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haah...... Even if you say that..."
Fuhito: "But... I... just came... hyaa!"
*Moving even a little causes her to clamp down tightly, her juices overflowing.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You don't sound convincing at all, you know."
Fuhito: "R-Really, you... you can't! Wait... a-ahh!"
*I gently rock my hips, rubbing my dick against her insides.*
*She tightens up more and more, moaning while trembling the entire time.*
Fuhito: "Haa, haa... ah! Ah, ahh... Th-This... This is... ah!"
*I gaze at her while I continue to move.*
*She's secreting more and more juices, and her pussy is getting tighter and tighter.*
Fuhito: "Koga-kun... Koga-kun...! Haa, haa, ah! Ah, ahh...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... It feels good, doesn't it?"
Fuhito: "L-Like I said! Ahhh!"
*I start thrusting deep into her, churning up her insides.*
Fuhito: "Haa, hyaa! Mm, ah... Koga-kun, mm! Mm, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, what's up?"
Fuhito: "L-Like I said... no, wait! Wai... hii, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I won't wait."
Fuhito: "Hii, uu! Ah, no, ahh! Y-You're... too rough... hii!"
*I turn a deaf ear to her and push her down again, moving more roughly this time.*
*She shakes from the intensity, rendered completely helpless.*
Fuhito: "Haa, haa, ahh! Ah, mm! Haa, hii...! No, ah!"
*Her body doesn't stop reacting, and every time I push in, her insides twitch.*
*In spite of her words, her pussy is squeezing down tightly, not wanting to let go of my dick as if begging for more.*
Fuhito: "Koga-kun! Koga-ku... uu, ahh! A-Ah! Wait, I... ah, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You should be more honest with yourself and say that you want more."
Fuhito: "N-No, right now, I... ah! No, I... haa, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I know, I know. More, right?"
Fuhito: "Ah, ahh! Haa, hyaa!"
*She can't move at all as my member goes in and out of her.*
*My dick throbs, and precum won't stop leaking out from it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Haa, mm!"
Fuhito: "Mm, ahh! Ah, ah... Ko...ga-ku... uu! Ah, ahh! Mm, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm...? What's wrong...?"
Fuhito: "Ahh, ahh! Haa, ah... ah, uu! Uu, ahh... no, ahh!"
*She's trying to tell me something, except nothing but moans escape her lips.*
*I'm wondering if I went a bit overboard, but this is how punishment play goes.*
Fuhito: "I... I, ah... ah, mm, ah! Mm, ahh!"
*Her sticky insides tightly envelop my dick.*
*I continue to proceed deeper as I experience that.*
Fuhito: "Haa, ah! Ah, haaa! Haa, hyaaaaaa!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm...!"
Fuhito: "Ah, ahh! Haa, mm, ahh...!"
*The moment I reach her deepest parts, she orgasms all too easily.*
*However, I pay that no heed and keep her pinned down while I continue to move my hips.*
Fuhito: "Haa, ah! Ah, hyaa... ah, wh-why... are you, ah! Ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I haven't cum yet."
Fuhito: "Haa, hii! Hii, ahh! Ah, ahh...! No... I can't...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, but I still want to."
Fuhito: "N-No... ah! No, ahh! Ah, ah!"
*Perhaps sensitive from having climaxed moments ago, small movements are enough to make her shudder.*
*Every time she does, she squeezes down on my penis and I can't help but gasp for air.*
Fuhito: "Haa, mm, ahh! Ahh, ah! Ah, mm!"
*I stir up her overflowing juices, making squelching noises, and I try changing up the angle to hit various places inside her with my tip.*
*These are meant to be gentle actions, but she reacts sensitively, moaning and tightening up.*
Fuhito: "Haa, mm! Mm, ahh, ah! No... no...! This is, ahh, ha!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You're still tightening up though."
Fuhito: "Th-That's... because, ahh! You keep, ah, moving... ah, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Should I move more then?"
Fuhito: "Hii! Ah, ah! No... ah, ahhh!"
*I smirk and put some force back into my thrusts.*
*When I do so, her body trembles, and it looks like she came a little.*
*I ignore all of that and continue to rock my hips, my dick pulsating from the tightness of her pussy.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... haa, ah... Maybe I should just cum inside you like this..."
Fuhito: "Ah! Ah, mm! Haa, hii, ah! No... Don't!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why not? You look like you're really enjoying this."
*Her stubbornness sends chills down my spine.*
*Keeping her resisting body in check, I push even further inside her.*
Fuhito: "No...! Like I said! Ah, ahh! Right now, ah, that's... ahh! Mm, hii! Ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Come on now... Don't deny that you're feeling good."
Fuhito: "Hyaa... ah, ahh! ...Again, ahh, so... deep... no!"
*She shakes her head furiously again, but I ignore that as well.*
*Sloshing noises resound as I thrust deep within her from multiple angles.*
Fuhito: "Hii, mm! Mm, ahhhh! Ahh!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa...!"
Fuhito: "Ah, ahh! Again... again! Ah, ah, ahhh!"
*More of her honey spills out, and her insides clamp down.*
*The tightness causes my whole body to shudder as I keep trying to push further inside.*
Fuhito: "Hii, mm, ahhh! Ah, ahhhh!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
*At the same time, I ejaculate vigorously inside her.*
Fuhito: "Mm, ah... ah... haa, ah... ahh...!"
*After pouring all my semen, I keep my member inside her as I catch my breath and look at the shivering body beneath me.*
*She looks completely drained, having orgasmed several times already.*
*However, she suddenly returns to her senses and looks at me before shaking her head slightly.*
Fuhito: "Ah... ahh...! Ah, no..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What's wrong, Fuhito-chan?"
Fuhito: "T-Take it out... Get away from me...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why?"
Fuhito: "Hii! Ahh!"
*I refuse to comply with her abrupt request, questioning her as I slowly rock my hips.*
*She trembles from the light stimulation.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Again, why can't I do this?"
Fuhito: "N-No, don't.... ah, ah! R-Really... Get away! Ahh!"
*She tries to flail about, wanting me to take my dick out, but she's unable to move due to her exhaustion.*
*I don't need to use much force to keep her pinned down and continue to slowly thrust.*
Fuhito: "Hyaa! Ah, ahhh! No, stop! Ah, ahhh! No! Nooo!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You know, the more you say it like that, the more I'm going to want to do this."
*As I keep rocking my hips, her body continues to quiver.*
*She seems to be reacting better than before and I give a deep thrust.*
Fuhito: "Hii, mm, ahh! Ah, ahh! I-I can't... hold it... ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm..."
Fuhito: "Hii... mm... uu...! Haa, ahhh..."
*Her eyes become damp as she wets herself.*
*The yellow liquid is sprayed all over, soaking the top of the desk and even parts of the floor.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Aw man, now look at what you've done."
Fuhito: "U-Uuu... uu, ahhh..."
*I go back to moving my hips, and it looks like she's released everything she was holding in.*
*Her face is beet red and she gives a faint sigh after relieving herself.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What a mess... Make sure you clean it up later, or you're going to get strange looks from any students that come here later."
Fuhito: "A-And whose fault is that...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yours, obviously. This wouldn't have happened if you had done your work."
Fuhito: "U-Uuu..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Besides, you're the one who said you wanted to be punished."
*The teardrops in her eyes grow bigger from my blunt response.*
*But... everything I said was true.*
Fuhito: "Your punishment... w-was too harsh... uu..."
Ushio: "―You're cheating on me again!?"
Mutsuki: "Huh!? What? M-Moo-chan?"
Ushio: "...Ah!"
Mutsuki: "What's the matter? You scared me since you suddenly yelled."
Ushio: "S-Sorry... I was having a bad dream..."
Mutsuki: "Really? You're completely flushed. Do you have a fever?"
Ushio: "I-I'm fine. I'm sorry for making you worry."
Mutsuki: "If you say so..."
Ushio: "Yes, I just need some time to calm down."
Ushio: "But even so... Mutsuki wasn't enough for him and he went after the principal, too...! And not to mention...! Uuu...!"
Mutsuki: "...Hmm?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Fwaaahhh... Ah, I'm beat."
Ushio: "......!"
Mutsuki: "Oh, hello Micchi."
Ushio: "Just how much of a sadist are you!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What!? Wh-Where the hell did that come from!?"
*omake_Neko*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Uu."
*My eyes are closed, but I can still tell how blindingly bright it is.*
*Unable to take it anymore, I open my eyes to see a completely white space.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......?"
*I'm a bit confused as to why I'm in a place like this.*
*And I get the feeling that I was sleeping in my bed not too long ago...*
*I'm still groggy so it's hard for me to process what's going on.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*Suddenly, my field of view opens up and the scenery jolts me awake.*
*I never would've imagined that I'd be here again...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Seriously...?"
*There's no doubt about it. This is the dream world created by that Mist, Morpheus's Stone.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait."
*This might mean that someone accidentally activated it and now I'm caught up in the effects of a rampaging Mist.*
*If that's the case, this isn't the time for me to be spacing out.*
*I have to find the one who activated it before it turns into something major.*
*...Though that's easier said than done. I have no idea where to even start.*
*For now, I should try to figure out what exactly's going on and see if anyone else got involved.*
*I can't just sit here twiddling my thumbs.*
*Just like we did before, I'll have to investigate this place thoroughly.*
*I walk around for a bit to survey the surrounding areas.*
*But nothing stands out in particular, and I don't run into anyone.*
*Which means that I was the only one dragged into this, or that this is nothing more than a dream...*
*Still, everything feels too vivid for it to be one.*
*Last time, I was able to keep my consciousness because of Heidi's perfume, but there's nothing like that now.*
*So the chances of this being an ordinary dream are low.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah..."
*While I'm thinking, I run into a clearly suspicious door that sticks out like a sore thumb.*
*A door standing in the middle of nowhere is obviously strange.*
*Almost as if it's asserting that there's something over there.*
*...There's no way I can just ignore it.*
*As a member of the Bureau, I have to make sure to investigate it.*
*And it's possible that there's someone on the other side of it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right."
*There's no point just thinking about it.*
*I steel myself and slowly open the door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Huh?"
*I see a familiar scene on the other side of it: my own room back at the dorms.*
*I can't help but look back and forth between that and the dream world.*
*No matter how many times I do that, it's undoubtedly my own room.*
*However, even though it's daytime here, it's night on the other side.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What the..."
*Given this strange situation, it has to be the work of a Mist.*
*But I get the feeling that it's a bit different from when we were last thrown here...*
*Could it be another Mist, one that's not Morpheus's Stone?*
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
*I don't know what powers are at work here, but I guess I'll step into my room for now?*
*If it's a different Mist, maybe I'll wake up once I go back there.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
"...Mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What's going on...?"
"Haa... haa, mm..."
*As I'm about to step inside, I hear a voice.*
*And it's definitely not a normal one.*
*...Is someone there?*
"Mm... but... but..."
*It'll be too late if I wait any longer.*
*Especially if we're dealing with a Mist.*
*I don't have any time to waste. I have to go check what's happening.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Uu!"
*I rush into my room and head towards the source of the voice.*
*What awaits me is something that surpasses my wildest imaginations.*
Neko: "Haa, haa... ah, ahh..."
Neko: "Mmm... Koga-kun. There's so much... of Koga-kun's smell... haa, haa... ah!"
*And for some reason, she's holding my boxers.*
Neko: "Mm, ah! Ah, it... feels so good...!"
Neko: "Koga-kun's smell, amazing... ah, ahh! My heart's pounding like crazy... ah, mm!"
*She moans out loud while sniffing my underwear.*
*Upon closer inspection, there are more pairs lying around in the vicinity.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Did she go through my closet...!?)
Neko: "Koga-kun... mm! I helped myself... ahh, ah! Even though I shouldn't...!"
Neko: "Ah, mm, ah! But... I can't stop... ah, it's... getting wet! Ahhn!"
*Even though she still has her skirt on, her breasts are exposed and she's not wearing any panties...*
*Her improper appearance instinctively makes me freeze and hold my breath.*
*The absurdity of the situation puts me at a loss as to what to do.*
Neko: "Koga-kun... Koga-kun...! This has so much of his smell... haa, haa... haa, ah!"
Neko: "Mmm... Koga-kun's smell, why does it... ah, make me feel this way..."
Neko: "I-It's... tightening up here... ahh! Ah, ahhhh, ah!"
*Her fingers are moving around under her skirt, and she moans loudly every time her body shakes.*
*Her other hand has released my boxers and moved on to playing with her breasts and nipples.*
*Her cheeks grow redder and redder as she pleasures herself.*
Neko: "My body... feels weird, but... ah! Mm, ah... haa, Koga-kun's smell... There's so much..."
Neko: "Mmm... mm! My chest, and here... they both feel tight... ahh! Why is this... haa, ahh!"
*I feel... like I shouldn't keep watching, but...*
Neko: "Ahhh... ah! Ah, mm, mm, ah! Koga-kun... his smell...!"
*I can't take my eyes off her.*
*It seems that her pussy is wet, seeing as how her fingers produce faint squelching sounds with every motion they make.*
*Those sounds along with her voice arouse me greatly.*
Neko: "A-Ah! It's... making dirty sounds... ah, ahh!"
Neko: "Mm, ah! Ah, ah! Why does it feel so good... ah, mm!"
Neko: "Haa, haa... haa... ahh! I shouldn't... be taking Koga-kun's... underwear, mm! Mm, ah... ah!"
*In spite of what she's saying, she draws her face closer to my boxers and sniffs them.*
*The scent seems to arouse her as her fingers move vigorously.*
*Lewd noises resound as she fondles her breast and stirs up the shallow parts of her pussy.*
Neko: "Ah... ahh! Ah, ahh... The more I play with it... the stickier it's getting... mm, ahh!"
Neko: "Haa... haa, haa...! Koga-kun... mm, ahh! Ah, sorry...! Mm, ahhn!"
*She doesn't stop despite her apologizing.*
*On the contrary, she's actually groping her breast more aggressively.*
Neko: "Haa, mm, ah! Ah... my breasts... they feel good! Hii, ah!"
Neko: "Ah! Ah... mm, ah! My whole body feels so good... I'm gonna go crazy... ah, ah... why!? It's...!"
*Her movements become fiercer, as if she can't hold back her passion.*
*At some point, her fingers switch from shallow movements to deep thrusts.*
*She's churning up her love juices and tightly pinching her nipple.*
Neko: "Haa, ah, ahh! I-It feels so good... ah, ah! Amazing... hii, mm, ahhh!"
Neko: "Koga-kun... Koga-kun, I love you! I love you so much... ahh!"
*The lewd noises grow louder and she secretes more of her juices.*
*On top of that, the nipple she's been stimulating has turned red.*
Neko: "Koga-kun! I... this is... ah, ahh, ahhhh!"
*My heart races and I get more aroused every time she calls out my name as she plays with herself.*
*I'm obviously questioning whether or not it's okay for me to keep watching without saying anything.*
*But there's the part of me that wants to see more of this.*
Neko: "Haa, hyaa! Koga-kun's smell... it's so strong... My heart... won't stop pounding, ah!!"
Neko: "Ah, ah, ahh! It... feels weird... ah! There's something coming... haa, hyaaa! Ah, ahh!"
*She's about to climax, but it doesn't seem like she's aware of that.*
*She simply continues to move her fingers in and out of her drenched pussy and pinch her nipple.*
Neko: "Haa, hii... hyaa, ahh, ah! Ahh, ah... I... I'm, ah... ahh... ah, ahh!"
Neko: "Hii... mm! Mm, ahhhhh!!!"
*Her entire body shakes when she squeezes her nipple tightly and pushes her fingers deep inside.*
*Letting out a shrill moan, she orgasms.*
*Afterwards, she flops down lifelessly.*
Neko: "Haa, haa... haa, haa... ah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Neko."
Neko: "Huh!? What? A-Ahh!!"
*I get on top of her and immediately press my lips against hers.*
Neko: "Ah! Ah... Koga-kun, Koga-ku... mm!"
*She was surprised since she didn't know someone was watching her, but she quickly embraces me after realizing who I am.*
*She then proceeds to kiss me back several times in rapture.*
Neko: "Mm... mmm! Koga-kun..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Neko... mm!"
Neko: "Mm... mm, mwah... haa, mm!"
*She accepts my kisses with an intoxicated look, and she seems even more drained of energy than before.*
*I keep a firm hold on her body as I force her lips open with my tongue.*
Neko: "...Ah! Ah, ahh..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm!"
Neko: "Ah... ah, mm...! Mm, ahh!"
*She meekly opens up her lips and I insert my tongue inside.*
*We suck on each other's tongues as they intertwine, causing her body to tremble.*
*It's an unending flurry of kisses, the sounds of which echo throughout my room.*
Neko: "Mm! Mm, ah, ah... mwah, ahh... ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Neko..."
Neko: "Koga-kun... mm...! Ah, mm, ahh!"
*After a number of kisses, I slowly separate my lips from hers.*
*Before my eyes is Neko's flushed face, looking like she's in a trance.*
*She smiles happily when I caress her cheek.*
Neko: "I'm so happy... You're here, Koga-kun... It's like I'm dreaming..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, you might just be."
Neko: "This is... a dream...? Ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
*She suddenly snaps out of her daze after looking down at her hand.*
*After all, it's holding my boxers.*
*...Right, I forgot about that.*
Neko: "U-Umm! Umm! You see, this is...! Umm, I...!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's my underwear, isn't it?"
Neko: "Y-Y-Y-Y-Yes! I-It's your underwear!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, there's no mistaking it."
Neko: "Umm! I accidentally found it, and...! Umm!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Accidentally, huh...?"
Neko: "I-It's not like I was thinking that you wouldn't get angry because this is a dream!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I see. So it's okay to do whatever you want because it's a dream, huh?"
Neko: "Hyaa! Ah! N-No, not at all!! Th-That's not why!"
Neko: "I-I just wanted your underwear... U-Umm! That's not it!!"
*She's trying to make excuses, but these aren't even excuses.*
*Seeing her all flustered like this makes me want to tease her.*
*Or well... after seeing her masturbate and kissing her, there's no way I could just stop now.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You're a naughty girl, Neko."
Neko: "What!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You went into someone else's room without permission and took their underwear."
Neko: "Th-This is! Umm! You're wrong! I-It was on the floor! I-I didn't take it out myself..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're still making excuses? Bad girls need to be punished."
Neko: "Huh? Punished... kyaa!!"
*I embrace her and sit upright on my bed.*
*With her back to me, I place her on my lap and plunge my exposed member into her pussy.*
Neko: "......! Hii, mm, ahhh!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm...!"
Neko: "Ah... ahh! Koga-kun... mm!!!"
*The sudden feeling of penetration surprises her, making her pussy twitch and tighten up.*
*It's still sticky from having climaxed moments ago, and I can't help but grimace from the tightness.*
Neko: "A-Ahh! It's so big... mm, it's... filling me up!"
*Her voice is strained from the difference in size between my dick and her fingers.*
*However, it only serves to turn me on more.*
*I keep hugging her tightly from behind as I gently thrust upwards.*
Neko: "Mm, ahh! Ah, ahh! It's reaching...! All the way... hyaa!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahh... mm!"
Neko: "Ahh, ah! Hii, mm, ahhh! Ah, ah!!"
*Small motions are enough to make her moan, and her body shakes over and over again.*
*Her body is very sensitive right now, most likely because she orgasmed not too long ago.*
*I give another thrust and she cries out loudly.*
Neko: "Koga-kun! Mm... mm, ahh! Ah, amazing, my body... feels so good! Hii, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Really now?"
Neko: "Yeah! Mm, mm! Wh-Why did things... turn out this way...!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Because of what you did earlier, obviously... mm!"
Neko: "Ear...lier... hii! Mm, ahhh!"
*I thrust up again as I answer.*
*Her body responds in kind, clamping down on my dick.*
*I bring my lips up to her ear as I watch her trembling in my lap.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Neko..."
Neko: "Yes! Haa, ahh, haa... haa, Koga-kun...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Why were you masturbating while sniffing my boxers?"
Neko: "Huh...? M-Masturbating?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yep, masturbating."
Neko: "Wh-What's that...?"
*I stop my hips and whisper into her ear.*
*But it doesn't seem like she understands what I'm asking. She simply turns to look at me, dazed and confused.*
*Does she not understand what she was doing earlier?*
*That's arousing in its own way...*
Neko: "Koga-kun...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You were playing with yourself earlier. Why did you do that?"
Neko: "U-Umm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You were... touching yourself here, weren't you?"
Neko: "Hyaa! Ah, ahhn!"
*I thrust my hips as I ask her that, making her body shudder, and she nods.*
*Her appearance is just so cute, and I can't help but want to tease her more.*
*However, I restrain myself and stop my hips, whispering into her ear again:*
Mitsuyoshi: "Why? Tell me."
Neko: "Mmm... Th-That's because, umm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yes, go on."
Neko: "When I sniffed your underwear... I thought about you and I felt tingly down there..."
Mitsuyoshi: "And then?"
Neko: "I remembered you touching me there... and the next thing I knew, my hands were moving by themselves..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see. And then you started feeling good from it, huh?"
Neko: "Y-Yeah... Th-That's right."
*She's embarrassed, but she still answers properly.*
*Her cheeks are red as she fidgets, and she glances at me sometimes to see how I react. It's insanely cute.*
*There's no way I can sit still after seeing her like this.*
Neko: "U-Umm... Koga-ku... hyaa! Ahh, ahh!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm!"
Neko: "Ahh! Ah, mm, ahh! You're... moving again... I...! Hyaa! Ahhn!!"
*I hold her body tightly, forcefully thrusting upwards so that my dick reaches all the way inside.*
*She yelps in surprise from the sudden movement and starts shaking again.*
*My hips move in and out repeatedly, my member throbbing as it rubs against her sticky walls.*
Neko: "Mm, mm, ahhh! Ah, ah! Koga-kun! Ah, haa, mm! You're so... rough!"
Mitsuyoshi: "It's because you're too damn cute...!"
Neko: "Wha...!? Huh, uu... ahh! I-If you say that, I'll...!!"
Neko: "Mm, ahhh! Ah, my insides... feel so good! Mmm, mm, ahh!"
*Her breasts sway as I thrust.*
*I can't help but stare at them and grab one of them in my hand.*
Neko: "Mm, ahhh! Ah, ahh!"
*I fondle her breast several times, savouring its softness and size.*
*Her pussy twitches in reaction to this stimulation.*
Neko: "Ahhh! If you do that at the same time... ah, mm, ahhh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What'll happen?"
Neko: "Hii... ahhhh! Ah, ahh! It'll make me... feel good! Ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You're already feeling good. Look, over here too."
Neko: "Ah, ahh!! Y-Yes, but... ah, ahhh!"
*Recalling that she was playing with her nipple herself earlier, I lightly pinch it with my fingers.*
*She arches backwards and her body leaps into the air.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You like this, don't you...?"
Neko: "Mm, ahh! Ah, ahh! No, mm! My breasts... feel too good!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I knew it."
Neko: "Ahh! Haa, haa... So good! My breasts are... ah!"
*While fondling her breast and stroking her nipple with my fingers, I move my hips up and down.*
*I can feel the love juices overflowing from her as a result of all this stimulation.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Only your breasts feel good?"
Neko: "Hiin! Mm, mm... my whole body... mm, ahh! Koga-kun...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "All of it, huh? Got it."
Neko: "Ahh! Ah, ah... mm, ahhhn!!! You're being... so rough... again!"
*My tip rubs against her inner walls as I respond close to her ear.*
*Her pussy twitches several times and clamps down tightly.*
*My dick throbs, leaking out more and more precum.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... mm, Neko..."
Neko: "Koga-kun... Koga-kun, I love you...! I love you so much... ah, ahhh! Ah, my... ah... mm!"
*I purposely give a forceful thrust as she's about to say something in order to cut her off.*
*As I expected, her body reacts greatly and she lets out a surprised voice.*
*Her reactions are so cute that I keep making large motions with my hips, reaching deep inside her.*
Neko: "Ahhh! Ah, ahh! It's so deep... hyaa! Ah, ah! Koga-kun!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? What's wrong...? Mm!"
Neko: "I-I... want to kiss..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Kiss, huh...?"
Neko: "Hyaa!"
*She turns in my direction, but I respond teasingly and kiss her on the nape of her neck.*
*She shakes her head in surprise for a moment, but her body starts to shudder as I continue to shower her with kisses.*
Neko: "Mm! Ah, ah... No, that's not..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? But I'm kissing you, as you asked for."
Neko: "Hyaa! Ah, ahh! Th-That's not what I meant... umm, umm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "And look... mm! You feel good when I kiss you, don't you?"
Neko: "Mm, ah! Ah, yeah... mm! Kisses, ah, ahh! Feel good... ah!"
*I kiss her all over, from her nape to her shoulders to the backs of her ears, as I keep playing with her breast and nipple.*
*Her body trembles and her pussy twitches even if I don't move my hips.*
*I wallow in the sticky sensation coiling around my member and resume my thrusts.*
*I pull out the instant I reach all the way in and reinsert it, repeating this over and over again. Her body continues to tremble.*
Neko: "Haa, haa... ah! Ah, mm, ahhh! Ah, ahh... Koga-kun! Mm, mm, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I knew you'd like this."
Neko: "Ahhh! Ah, ah! N-No, I... ah! But, ah! Ahh!"
*I know exactly what she wants.*
*However, I feign ignorance and keep kissing her from behind while continuing to move my hand and hips.*
*She's so aroused that she can't say anything.*
*I know that, so there's a limit to how much I'm bullying her.*
*Even so, her cuteness makes it hard for me to hold back.*
Neko: "Hii, mm, ahh! Ah, ah! Koga-kun! It... feels so good again inside... ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? Great, we can keep going like this... mm!"
Neko: "Ahh! No! My body, again... ah, ahh! Mm, ah! Ah! Koga-kun! Mm!"
*I firmly embrace her shivering body.*
*My dick goes in and out of her sopping pussy, rubbing against her deepest parts.*
*She tightens up, making my member throb and heightening my arousal.*
Neko: "A-Again...! Ah, ahh! No, mm! I'm gonna... ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm...!"
*Clutching her breast, I make intense strokes with my hips.*
*At that moment, Neko's body convulses.*
Neko: "Koga-kun! Mm... mm, ahhhh!!!"
*She moans loudly, climaxing for the second time.*
*As I support her shuddering body, my dick inside her pulsates.*
*I thought that I'd cum too with how tightly she clamped down, but I somehow managed to restrain it.*
Neko: "Ahh, ah... ah, ahh... My body, again..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Did that feel good?"
Neko: "Haa... haa, ah... Yeah, that was amazing... but..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? What's wrong?"
*She fidgets uncontrollably and glances at me repeatedly.*
*Maybe that wasn't enough for her? No, it doesn't look like it.*
Neko: "I... wanted to kiss you..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah..."
*Her face turns bright red as she says that and she averts her gaze.*
*Her gestures are just so adorable.*
*...Wait, this isn't the time for thinking that.*
*Now that she mentions it, I was so focused on teasing her that I completely forgot what she asked for.*
*Now I feel bad about it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right then."
Neko: "Ah!"
*While we're still connected, I hug her while pushing her down onto the bed, planting my lips onto hers.*
Neko: "Ah... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm..."
Neko: "Mm, mm...! Koga-kun, Koga-kun..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah..."
*When I kiss her, she gleefully wraps her arms around me and kisses me back.*
*We nestle up to each other and our lips meet countless times.*
*They're nothing more than light pecks, but she looks like she's the happiest girl in the world.*
*And, as if in response to that, her pussy twitches again.*
Neko: "Mm... Kisses... feel good... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You sound like a broken record... mm..."
Neko: "Mm... but... they really do feel good... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I know."
Neko: "Ah... ah, ahhn... mm, mwah... mwah."
*My entire body reacts to these repeated kisses.*
*We approach each other and our lips meet... We're just touching each other, but it excites me nonetheless.*
Neko: "Mm... mm, ah... U-Umm, Koga-kun..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Neko: "U-Umm, umm... A-Am I... the only one feeling good right now?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah, well, yeah."
*As happy as she is about the kisses, she notices that we're still connected and looks at me sheepishly.*
*It's true that I haven't cummed yet... but being called out on that is really embarrassing.*
Neko: "Umm... Y-You can move however you want..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh... No, it's fine. I can't..."
Neko: "B-But, you made me feel so good earlier... I want you to feel good, too."
*She says that bashfully but firmly.*
*It's all so charming that it sends chills down my spine.*
*I'll end up ravaging her like a madman at this rate.*
*But I can't do that.*
*I gaze at her and caress her cheek, and she looks back at me curiously.*
Neko: "Koga-kun...? Did I say something weird?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Geez, you're such..."
Neko: "Huh? What!? B-But... huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...What do you think will happen if you tell me to do whatever I want to you?"
Neko: "Umm... I-I don't know."
Mitsuyoshi: "Give me your best guess."
Neko: "Huh... ah, ahhn!! Mm!"
*I kiss her again and slowly start moving my hips again.*
*I deliberately make long, gentle strokes so that she can clearly feel my dick.*
*Her juices pour out, and lewd sounds ring throughout the room.*
Neko: "Mm, ahh... ah! Ah, Koga-kun...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? You were the one who told me to move however I wanted."
Neko: "B-But! But, umm, this is... ah, ahh!"
*Feeling ashamed from the vivid sensation, she blushes and clings tightly to me.*
*Which is exactly why I'm moving slowly, kissing her on her lips and her neck, down to her shoulders and collarbone.*
Neko: "Mmm... mm, ahh! Ah, ahh..."
*She has a dazed look on her face every time I kiss her.*
*I can't help but smile and continue to rock my hips.*
Neko: "Koga-kun... Koga-kun, does it feel good for you...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, it does."
Neko: "Ah, hehe... That's great. I was afraid that it was only me again."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well... It makes me happy if you feel good."
Neko: "Huh...!? Ah, ah!"
*After kissing her on the lips again, I slowly move my upper body.*
*She lets out a shocked voice when I proceed to kiss her nipple.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I felt like kissing here too... mm!"
Neko: "Mm! Ah, ahh... You're kissing me all over...!"
*I purposely make loud noises as I suck on her nipple.*
*Removing my lips, I extend my tongue so that it's clearly visible and start licking her nipple.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm...! Mm, which do you prefer, this or what I did before?"
Neko: "Ah, ahh... haa, ah... Th-The one before... and this... both feel good..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm, I see. That's good."
Neko: "Hyan! Mm, ahhh!"
*I smile upon hearing her answer and return to sucking her nipple.*
*The entire time, my hips haven't stopped moving, thrusting into her over and over again.*
Neko: "Mm, ahh! Ah, ah... M-My body... feels weird... ah, ahh!"
Neko: "Uu, ah... ahhn! Mm, ahhh! It feels so good... mm, mm!"
*My mouth and tongue continue to play with her nipple, and I occasionally bite down gently on it.*
*Her reactions differ with each type of stimulation, and along with it, she tightens up each time, making my dick throb.*
*My tip rubs against her deepest parts, enveloped in a sticky sensation. My precum won't stop leaking out.*
Neko: "Koga-kun... I-It's too much... It feels too good again..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Didn't I already tell you that it's fine? So you can keep... mm!"
Neko: "Haa! Mm, ah, ah...! No, ah... again, I, ah! It feels so good, ahhh!"
*It might be because she's climaxed twice already, but she's been getting more and more sensitive.*
*Her entire body shakes and she clings to me happily from just a kiss and a small thrust.*
Neko: "Koga-kun... Koga-kun...! Mm, I love you... I love you, I love you! I love you so much!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, me too, Neko..."
Neko: "Mm...! Mm, we're the same! Ah, ahh! I'm so happy... Koga-kun, I love you! Ah, ahh!"
*I tightly embrace her trembling body and gaze at her.*
*We kiss the moment our eyes meet, yearning for each other's lips.*
*The feeling of her wet pussy coiling around my shaft makes me shudder.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... haa, haa... Neko...!"
Neko: "Koga-ku... uu, ahh! Koga-kun...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Neko... You're just so cute... mm!"
Neko: "I'm so glad... ah! I... I feel so... ahh! Ahh, ah!!"
*We hug each other and our lips meet.*
*My dick doesn't stop throbbing in response to the pleasure it's receiving as it moves in and out of her.*
*We both know that we're almost at our limits.*
*But I want to feel more of her. I want to stay like this longer.*
Neko: "Koga-kun... Koga-kun, I... I'm gonna...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I know. I'm... also..."
Neko: "Mm, ah! Ah, haa... haa, haa... I can't! Ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm...! Neko!!!"
*I hold her tightly and forcefully push my member all the way in.*
Neko: "Hii, ahhh! Ah, I... I'm gonna...!! Mm, ahhhhn!!!"
*At that moment, she convulses and climaxes for the third time.*
*Her pussy clamps down harder than ever before.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
*I can't endure it.*
*My whole body shakes as I embrace her with my dick deeply embedded within her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa, haa...!"
Neko: "A-Ahh... ah... You're filling me up... Koga-kun..."
*My semen pours into her pussy.*
*She returns my strong embrace listlessly.*
*We share another kiss as we bask in the afterglow.*
*My vision goes white the moment our lips touch.*
*What's going on? I feel all light and fluttery all of a sudden...*
Neko: "Koga-kun... I love you..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahh..."
Neko: "Koga-kun..."
*Her voice is so soothing.*
*And her warmth and the weight of her body feel so... comfortable...*
*...Neko...*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*I'm suddenly wide awake, and before my eyes is the familiar ceiling of my room.*
*I look around, but Neko isn't beside me.*
*The bed's surroundings are exactly the same as they were before I went to sleep last night, and nothing looks out of place.*
*When I look over at my window after getting up, I can see sunlight shining in through the gaps in the curtains.*
*It's already morning.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haah......"
*I unintentionally sigh and hold my head.*
*What in the world was with that dream...?*
Mitsuyoshi: (I must be really tired...)
*Though exhaustion still doesn't explain that dream.*
*I know Neko had an obsession with my underwear, but that was still going too far.*
*That was rude, and I feel bad about it...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haah..."
*I let out another sigh and glance at the clock.*
*It's a bit earlier than when I usually wake up, but there's not enough time for me to go back to sleep.*
*Maybe if I go wash my face, it'll help clear my mind.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hmm?"
*As I'm about to stand up and head for the bathroom, my hand touches something unusual on my bed.*
*I pick it up, wondering what it is, and I see that it's a familiar pair of my own boxers.*
Mitsuyoshi: "............"
*Weren't these... the ones Neko had in my dream...?*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!?"
*When I take another look around, I see another two pairs of underwear lying on the floor.*
*Of course, they also belong to me.*
*Wait... Hold on.*
*Aren't those the same ones I saw in my dream?*
Mitsuyoshi: "Why are my... Ah!"
*I get a bad feeling about this and rush to check what I'm wearing. Sure enough, I have a pair on.*
*So I didn't accidentally undress myself.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wh-What...?"
*Then why are my boxers... Don't tell me that...*
*No, no, no, there's no way that could be true...*
*I was completely conscious the entire time, and I do feel a bit tired, but I'm fairly certain that that was a dream.*
*It had to have been.*
*After all, I just woke up and Neko isn't here.*
*But wait...*
*I can still feel Neko's warmth on me.*
*And what's this happy and fluttery feeling within me?*
Mitsuyoshi: "Was that... really a dream...?"
*omake_Rito*
*Classes are over for the day and I'm headed towards the library as usual.*
*On my way there, I spot a weary Momo-senpai.*
*She's walking with heavy steps and sighing every so often. I can't help but wonder what's going on.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Momo-senpai."
Momoka: "Ah, Koga~ What's up? Are you going to the library again today?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... but more importantly, did something happen to you? Are you not feeling well?"
Momoka: "Huh? Not at all."
Mitsuyoshi: "You seem a bit down."
Momoka: "Ah, that's because the Disciplinary Committee has no work to do~"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh..."
*With the Day of the Eclipse over, things have calmed down quite a bit.*
*Back then, she was running around all over the place, and now, she's suddenly left with nothing on her plate.*
Momoka: "So yeah~ These past few days, I've been thinking about what I can do."
Mitsuyoshi: "Did you come up with anything?"
Momoka: "Nothing at all~ I have no idea what would be good."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see."
*It's difficult when you're not given anything concrete.*
*Well, if I were in her shoes, I probably wouldn't know what to do either.*
Fuhito: "Ohh~ If it isn't Koga-kun and Shogoin-san."
Momoka: "Ah, Principal~ Hello there."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey. Is it okay for you to be wandering around like this? What about work?"
Fuhito: "You don't get it, do you, Koga-kun...? I'm bored!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You too, huh...?"
Fuhito: "Up until recently, we've had one crisis after another. But now that all of that's resolved, there's just nothing left for me to do..."
*I can't tell if she's exaggerating or if she really does have that much time on her hands.*
*But considering that Momo-senpai's free as well, I'm guessing that the principal means it.*
Mitsuyoshi: "So basically, now that all the work both of you had to do is gone, you're bored and have nothing better to do than wander around."
Momoka: "Yep, that's right~"
Fuhito: "I get the feeling that you said something extremely rude, but that's exactly it!"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's not something you should be proud of..."
Momoka: "But we really don't have anything to do."
Fuhito: "Indeed. Now we have to sleep at night or else we'd have way too much free time."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wha... You have to sleep or else...?"
*That phrasing bugs me.*
*It's almost as if she's saying that they didn't sleep before.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, so if you're sleeping at night now, what did you use to do before at night?"
Momoka: "At night? Huh? We worked then as well."
Fuhito: "That's right. We were just so busy."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sure, but normally, if you don't sleep, your body won't hold up."
Momoka: "Ah, that's what you mean~ The principal and I aren't normal, so we didn't sleep."
Mitsuyoshi: "What? Why!?"
Fuhito: "It's simple. Homunculi that have enough mana have no need for sleep."
Mitsuyoshi: "Homunculi... Oh, I see..."
*It was after I removed the fake soul that I had given Rito.*
*The principal gave me a primer on homunculi.*
*And while she was at it... she casually told me about her and Momo-senpai's true identities.*
Mitsuyoshi: "So since you two have Lazurit Bloodstones inside you..."
Fuhito: "That's right. As long as we have those, we can operate forever."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see, so that's how it is..."
Fuhito: "That being said, I'm just so bored right now.... Haaaaahhhhh."
*Since they don't need to sleep, they were perfectly suited to keep watch at this magic-filled school.*
Fuhito: "Well, complaining isn't going to give us any more work to do, so we'll have to find new ways to entertain ourselves."
Momoka: "You said it~"
Mitsuyoshi: "Good luck with that. I'll be going to the library to read more magical tomes."
Fuhito: "Great! Likewise, good luck with your studies."
Momoka: "Have fun~"
Mitsuyoshi: "See you."
*And with that, I walk away.*
*Looking back, I see them facing each other talking about something... I wonder what constitutes as "fun" to them.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hmm."
*A thought suddenly comes to my mind as I'm walking... Does Rito not sleep at night either?*
*Since Rito is also a homunculus, then she might be the same as those two...*
*When I arrive at the library, Rito is in her usual spot.*
*I tell her that I'm here to study again today and she leads me to some books that might be useful to me.*
*She's acting the same as always, quiet and calm.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Rito, I know that you're always here so... when do you sleep?"
Rito: "I don't sleep. Why do you ask?"
*I ask the question that was on my mind earlier as I watch her pick out books.*
*She stops what she's doing and stares at me, puzzled.*
*Her expression isn't any different than usual, but she looks as if she doesn't understand my question.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I was just curious..."
Rito: "Homunculi with enough mana have no need for sleep, so I've never slept before."
Mitsuyoshi: "The principal said the same thing."
Rito: "Oh, then you should've already known."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, as I said, I was just curious."
*She seems even more confused now.*
*But it's nothing more than a hunch as her expression remains more or less the same.*
Mitsuyoshi: "So all this time, you've never tried sleeping before?"
Rito: "Yes, never."
Mitsuyoshi: "Not even once...!?"
Rito: "I don't need to, after all."
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't tell me that homunculi can't..."
Rito: "That's wrong."
*She shakes her head in denial.*
*She then looks back up at me with her usual face.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? But you said that you've never slept before."
Rito: "Just because I haven't doesn't mean I can't. There's a difference."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, I see..."
Rito: "I have the same capabilities as humans, so I definitely can sleep if I want to... and I'm interested in the idea."
Mitsuyoshi: "Why not give it a shot then?"
*I ask that casually and she seems slightly troubled.*
*She then proceeds to look all over the library before looking back at me.*
Rito: "I don't have my own room, nor do I have my own bed, so I have no place to sleep."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah..."
*Now that she mentions it, she's right about that.*
*She's always here in the library. I've never seen her go back to her own room.*
*It makes sense if there isn't one prepared for her.*
*And just sleeping on the floor here is probably out of the question.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You want to try sleeping, right?"
Rito: "Yes, once would be nice."
Mitsuyoshi: "How about you stay the night in my room then?"
Rito: "In your room?"
Mitsuyoshi: "It has a bed you can use, so I was thinking it'd be nice for a one-time thing."
Rito: "...That's true. I suppose I'll take you up on your offer."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's settled then."
*After finishing up my studies, I head back to my room and clean it up a little.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Calm down... Calm down, Mitsuyoshi... It's not the first time...)
Mitsuyoshi: (But wait, she shouldn't have any memory of that time...)
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ah."
*Recalling past events is only making me even more nervous.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Why are you remembering all of that, you idiot!?)
Rito: "Pardon the intrusion."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh, hey... Come on in."
Rito: "Thanks."
*She enters my room with her usual calm and collected composure.*
*However, she's holding a paper bag along with the book she's always carrying.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito, what's that you've got there?"
Rito: "This...?"
*She tilts her head quizzically while lifting up the paper bag, making a soft crinkling sound.*
*But that doesn't tell me enough about what's inside it.*
Rito: "When I mentioned to Tsuduraorizaka Fuhito that I'd be staying the night in your room, she prepared a 'sleepover kit' for me."
Mitsuyoshi: "What in the world is she thinking...?"
Rito: "She didn't tell me what was inside it, but since she went through the trouble, I decided to bring it along."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm... Maybe there's a set of pajamas inside."
Rito: "Perhaps... I'll take a look."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ooh..."
Rito: "Pajamas...?"
*It was indeed a cute set of fluffy pajamas inside the bag.*
*Was the principal trying to be considerate?*
Rito: "I'll get changed then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wait!!!"
Rito: "...Hmm?"
*She immediately starts taking off her school uniform without a second thought.*
*I rush to stop her and she looks at me, confused.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Over there! Go change over there! Where the bathroom is!"
Rito: "Why? Here is fine..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Because it matters for me! Now go!"
Rito: "...Okay."
*She doesn't seem entirely convinced, but I somehow manage to drag her over to the bathroom.*
*When I hand her the pajamas, she finally takes a hint and obeys.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haah... I'm getting way too worked up..."
*I can hear the rustling of her clothes through the bathroom door.*
*I hurry over to my bed so that I'm less conscious of her.*
Rito: "I've changed..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah...!"
*A few minutes later, she finishes changing and comes out.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It looks pretty good on you..."
Rito: "Really? I can't tell."
Mitsuyoshi: "I mean it. All right, I'm going to get things ready for myself..."
*I roll out the sleeping bag that I borrowed from the principal and smooth out the creases.*
*She said that it hasn't been used much, but it's more than enough for me to sleep in for one night.*
Rito: "What are you doing?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Laying out a sleeping bag. I'll be sleeping in this tonight."
Rito: "But why? There's a bed here, so I don't see the need for that."
Mitsuyoshi: "No, you'll be using the bed."
Rito: "Why? It looks big enough for the both of us, so we can sleep together."
*She looks puzzled again.*
*The only thing I can do is frown in response.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Even so, we're not sleeping together."
Rito: "Why?"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's because... umm..."
*I'm feeling unusually restless, perhaps because I'm not used to seeing her in an outfit other than her school uniform.*
*Not to mention that the pajamas the principal gave her are extremely cute and fit her to a T.*
*They look great on her, and it's only making me more nervous...*
Rito: "Koga-kun... What's wrong?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? What do you mean?"
Rito: "You seem different than usual."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, umm... I was just thinking how cute those pajamas are."
Rito: "Really? If you like them, you can try wearing them too."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hold on!!!"
*She suddenly starts undressing as she answers.*
*Yet another perplexed expression appears on her face.*
Mitsuyoshi: "No, I don't want to wear them, so please keep them on!"
Rito: "Is that so? All right then."
Mitsuyoshi: "You know, guys go crazy in various ways when the girl they love sleeps together with them in an outfit like that."
Rito: "Go crazy..."
*I slipped the "love" descriptor in there, but she doesn't flinch at all.*
Mitsuyoshi: (Well, that's fine... I already knew that'd happen... More importantly, the problem at hand!)
Mitsuyoshi: "That's right! They go crazy! That's why we're sleeping separately."
Rito: "In that case, we should have sexual intercourse now so that that won't happen to you."
Mitsuyoshi: "......!?"
*She uttered something completely unexpected, leaving me frozen in place and at a loss for words.*
*She stares at me completely unfazed, as if what she said was par for the course.*
Rito: "After all, we've done that before, haven't we?"
Mitsuyoshi: "!?!?"
*Another outrageous statement said without batting an eye.*
*She raises the book she's holding by her chest slightly.*
Rito: "There are records of that written in here. I have no recollection of it, but I can at least tell that it was something I wrote myself."
Mitsuyoshi: "Th-That's..."
Rito: "So if that's what you want, I'm fine with it."
Mitsuyoshi: "W-Wait... I..."
*She continues to look at me with her usual face as I'm debating whether I really should or not.*
Mitsuyoshi: (To be honest...)
Mitsuyoshi: (To be honest, I've wanted to touch you ever since then...)
*My reason crumbles when that thought passes through my mind.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Then, umm... can we do it without penetration?"
Rito: "......? If that's what you want."
Rito: "If you want to do that... then I'll have to take this off."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? Ah, wait, wait."
*She attempts to take off her pajamas again and I quickly stop her. With the zipper half open, the front part falls down and exposes her breasts.*
*My heart is going a mile a minute, and she looks at me curiously.*
Rito: "What's the matter?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I just wanted you to leave them on cause they're cute."
Rito: "Is that so? Then we can continue like this."
Mitsuyoshi: "Only this part..."
Rito: "...Okay."
Mitsuyoshi: "Stay still for a bit."
Rito: "All right."
*I stand behind her and gently slide off her pajama bottoms and panties.*
*She does as she's told and doesn't move a muscle, and she doesn't seem at all concerned that I'm stripping her.*
Rito: "I just have to remain still like this?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... Umm, for the next little while."
Rito: "Okay."
*Her fair skin is right before my eyes.*
*Just seeing her plump butt is enough to arouse me.*
*I unintentionally gulp and panic a bit upon realizing that it was quite a loud sound.*
Rito: "Koga-kun...? What happens now?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? O-Ohh, umm..."
*I feel embarrassed by her question, but I can't be satisfied by just looking at her.*
*I slip off my pants and move my hips towards her.*
Rito: "Mm..."
*I squeeze my dick in between her thighs.*
*The soft sensation sends shivers down my spine, and my partially erect member soon turns into a raging boner.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa..."
Rito: "Mm... I get the feeling that this is different from before..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Like I said... we're doing it without penetration this time."
Rito: "Is this what that means?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yes."
*Just answering that question is embarrassing as it is.*
*But this is all for the sake of not having any awkward moments while in bed... and Rito said that she was fine with this.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Now then..."
Rito: "Ah... a-ah..."
*I slowly move my hips while supporting her body.*
*It's enough to make my dick throb, and I feel unbelievably embarrassed.*
*But it feels so good that I can't stop.*
Rito: "...It feels strange."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Sorry..."
Rito: "Why are you apologizing?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I just felt like it..."
Rito: "...Mm!"
*As I stimulate my own shaft, I occasionally change up the angle, tracing her slit with my tip.*
*When I do so, I can see her body tremble in response.*
*Her soft moans and reactions make me happy, and I continue to rock my hips to try and stimulate her pussy as well.*
Rito: "Ah... ah, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Do you not like it? I can stop if you want..."
Rito: "That's not it... It's fine..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll keep going like this then."
Rito: "Okay... Ah, mm!"
*My dick runs back and forth against her slit, pulsating every so often.*
*She seems to be gradually getting aroused. She lets out sweet moans and her pussy's starting to get wet.*
Rito: "Haa... haa, ah... ah...!"
*Squelching sounds ring out when my tip lightly rubs against her slit.*
*All of this combined together only serves to heighten my excitement.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito..."
Rito: "Haa, ah... ah, it feels... good..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, for me too..."
Rito: "Mm... We're the same..."
*I nod in response to her whispers, and she shudders when I gently kiss her nape.*
*I'm delighted by that reaction, and it makes me want to keep doing it.*
*I slide my hand into her pajamas and fondle her breasts while continuing with my thrusts.*
Rito: "Ah... There, too...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Am I going too far? I wanted to touch them."
Rito: "No, it's okay... You can do... whatever you like."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks."
*I indulge in her modest breasts, her plump thighs, and the sensation of her damp, twitching pussy.*
*They're all soft and pleasant, and I can feel her all over my body, making me strangely elated.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa..."
Rito: "Mm, mm... It's twitching... and hot..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry... It's because it feels good..."
Rito: "Yeah... mmm, mm, ah...!"
*Her breaths become shallower and her moans grow more frequent.*
*A face of hers that I don't usually see, a voice that I don't usually hear, and the feeling of her body all make for an unbelievable experience.*
"I want to feel more of this. I want to touch her more." Those thoughts fill my mind.
Mitsuyoshi: "...Haa, ah..."
Rito: "You can... do more... ahh..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... I want to..."
*It's almost as if she read my mind, and I proceed to caress her entire body.*
*I pinch her nipples while groping her breasts, which fit neatly in my palms. At the same time, my hips continue to move.*
*My tip starts secreting a clear fluid, mixing together with Rito's love juices flowing down her thighs.*
Rito: "Ah... mm! Ahhh, ah...!"
*Her body shivers, and at some point, she starts moving her own hips as well.*
*It's almost like she's begging for more, and I respond in kind with my thrusts.*
*The stimulation causes my breathing to grow rougher.*
*She seems to have noticed my gaze on her and turns to look at me.*
Rito: "Koga...-kun..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... mm...!"
*Her eyes are moist, and her voice calling my name is enough to make my heart beat faster.*
Rito: "What should I do...? My body... feels hot... a-ahh..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry... I... I'm about to..."
Rito: "Huh... Ah! Ah, ah!"
*Her expression and voice bring me to my limit.*
*I embrace her tightly and rock my hips with more intensity than before.*
Rito: "Ah, ahh! Ah, mmm...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
*Lewd noises resound as my member rubs against her wet pussy.*
*Soon enough, neither of us are able to withstand it and our bodies convulse.*
Rito: "Ah, ahhh...!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
*My trembling dick sprays semen every which way, creating a sticky mess all over her pajamas and thighs.*
Rito: "Hah... Hah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hah..."
*Seemingly still unsatisfied after all that, my shaft throbs while sandwiched in between her thighs.*
*As I'm pondering what to do, Rito appears to be in the same mood and starts shaking her hips while staring at me.*
*There's no way I can hold back after seeing her like this.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, Rito... One more time."
Rito: "Sure... That's fine."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right then..."
*As I'm about to repeat the same deed that we just did, she shakes her head.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's wrong?"
Rito: "I want to do what we did last time..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? You mean..."
Rito: "Can we...? That was good. It's written here that it felt very pleasant."
*Her current appearance is making it impossible for me to refuse.*
*Not to mention that I do want to feel her insides again.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay. Stay like this..."
Rito: "A-Ahh...!"
*I pull her arm that's not holding onto the book from behind and rub my penis against her wet slit.*
*Just a light graze is enough to make her pussy twitch, and her juices come gushing out.*
*I insert my dick into her as if to force those juices back inside.*
Rito: "...Mm! Mm, ah..."
*Her sticky insides coil around my dick every time I push in.*
*However, she looks to be somewhat in pain and I'm hesitant to keep going.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you okay...?"
Rito: "Mmm... I don't know..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry..."
*Seeing her shake her head makes me feel even guiltier.*
*Though at the same time, her distressed expression turns me on and I keep moving my hips, albeit slowly.*
Rito: "Ah... ah, mm! Mm...!"
*She lets out more pained gasps.*
*Her pussy is so tight that it feels like it's practically rejecting me, making me stop and check up on her.*
*She gazes back at me, her eyes moist with tears.*
Mitsuyoshi: "How are you doing? If it's too much..."
Rito: "I'm fine... It's okay..."
*She looks anything but okay, so I stay still and caress her body.*
*The sensation of her smooth, pale skin arouses me further, and I almost start shaking my hips again in spite of myself.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you sure? You're not forcing yourself, are you?"
Rito: "I'm not."
Mitsuyoshi: "If you say so..."
*I still have my misgivings.*
*I take extra care and move only a little bit, but she gasps and her whole body trembles.*
*Taken aback by that reaction, I stop moving again.*
Rito: "Ah... ah, ah...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you really sure about this?"
Rito: "Mm... I'm fine."
Mitsuyoshi: "Can I move then?"
Rito: "Yes, go ahead..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay."
Rito: "Ha... mm! Mm, ahhh...!"
*I gently swing my hips back and forth.*
*The thigh sex before felt great, but this is on a whole other level.*
*As much as I want to start moving more vigorously, I can't when I recall her pained look.*
*I don't want to make it an unpleasant experience for her, so I hold back.*
Rito: "Haa... haa, ah... haa, haa..."
*Even with these slow movements, her body is reacting nicely, and sweet moans are escaping her lips.*
*The moment I reach all the way inside her, she clamps down tightly on my dick and her juices overflow.*
Rito: "Ah, mm...! Mm, mm, ahh...!"
*Those reactions make me happy and I repeat the motion several times.*
*I pull almost all the way out before pushing all the way in, changing up my angle every so often.*
Rito: "Ah... mm! That... feels good..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What does...? Mm!"
Rito: "Ah, ah... ah, ah!"
*Her reactions act as encouragement as I continue to thrust my hips.*
*With every stroke, her body shakes and her pussy tightens up. Lewd noises resound from the increased amount of love juices.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What part of it feels good? Tell me."
Rito: "Ah, haa... haa... Inside... feels good... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Deeper, huh...?"
Rito: "Hyaa! Ah, ahh!"
*I answer her request and plunge my member deep inside her over and over again.*
*I can feel my dick throbbing and leaking precum again.*
*I move my tip in order to spread it around, and the stimulation of her innermost parts causes Rito to react greatly.*
Rito: "Ah! Ah, ah! There! There... feels good, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Got it... This spot here..."
Rito: "Haa, mm, ah... ah, ah! Yeah, ah... mm!"
*I churn up her pussy, mixing our love juices together.*
*Her body is still as sensitive as ever, and she doesn't stop trembling or clamping down tightly.*
*This stimulation and her reactions are irresistible.*
*Squelching sounds echo throughout as my dick goes in and out of her.*
Rito: "Ah... ah, ah, ah! Mm, mmm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... Rito...!"
Rito: "Mm... mm, ah! Ah... haa, haa..."
*Despite her being in an awkward pose, she starts moving her own hips as well.*
*I interpret that as her yearning for me to go even deeper, so I further increase the intensity of my thrusts.*
Rito: "...Mm! Mm, ahh... ah, haa... haa..."
Mitsuyoshi: "More...?"
Rito: "Mm... Yes, more..."
Mitsuyoshi: "More it is..."
Rito: "Haa! Hyaa, ah, ahh... ah...!"
*I vary the angle of insertion as my tip kisses her inner parts.*
*Her juices don't stop overflowing, her pussy twitching all the while.*
*My breathing grows rougher and my hips move faster from the incredible sensation.*
Rito: "Haa, haa... haa, ahh... ah, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
Rito: "Does it... feel good for you too? Do we feel the same way?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, it's the same for me, Rito."
Rito: "I see... That's great..."
*She says that happily before her body shakes again.*
*I want to be with her more. I want to be joined with her more.*
*I hurl those feelings straight at her, ramming my shaft deep inside.*
Rito: "Ahhh! Ah, ahh... It's... so deep... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... I'll go even deeper... Rito...!"
Rito: "Mm, mm...! Mm, ah! Ah...!"
*Her body is shivering while being rocked back and forth.*
*I make sure to properly support her as my piston-like movements continue.*
Rito: "Haa, ahh...! Ah, haa, haa... ah, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Rito... mm...!"
*I churn up her love juices while ravaging her pussy.*
*My feelings towards her well up from within my heart as I gaze at her swaying back.*
*I give her a light peck on the back of her neck, which causes her to moan loudly.*
Rito: "Ahhh... ah, ah! Ah, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Do you like that, too?"
Rito: "Mm, mm...! I do, so... more..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You got it. More... mm!"
*I kiss her on the nape several times while keeping up with my thrusts.*
*Her pussy tightens up each time her juices produce lewd sloshing sounds.*
*It's almost as if she's begging for me to cum inside her right now.*
*I know it's just in my head, but I continue to move my hips vigorously, rubbing my tip against her inner walls deep within.*
Rito: "Ah... ah! I feel so hot inside, ah... mm, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Me too..."
Rito: "Haa, haa... ah, I'm... ah, mm! Mm!"
*I give another powerful thrust when her back arches backwards.*
Rito: "Ah... ah, hyaa, ahhh!!"
*She convulses and orgasms a second time.*
*Her pussy clamps down harder than it has ever before on my dick.*
*My member throbs, unable to withstand the tightness.*
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
Rito: "Haa... mm, mmm...!"
*I ejaculate, releasing a large amount of semen inside her.*
*However, her pussy can't contain all of it, so it overflows, dirtying her body.*
Rito: "Hah... Hah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm really sorry..."
Rito: "There's nothing you need to apologize for."
Mitsuyoshi: "But... Never mind. Thank you."
*I express my gratitude, and it sort of looks like she's smiling a bit.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Sorry..."
*After finishing the deed, I notice that her pajamas are stained with my semen.*
*I probably got them dirty during the thigh sex too...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Your pajamas..."
Rito: "They're all dirty now."
Mitsuyoshi: "...And the principal went out of her way to prepare them for you, too."
Rito: "It's fine. I can sleep naked. I read in a book that there are some people who do that."
Mitsuyoshi: "N-No, I won't allow that! Please don't."
Rito: "Why not?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, you know... It'd be bad if I felt in the mood again."
Rito: "...There's nothing wrong with that."
Mitsuyoshi: "Even if you don't care, I do..."
Rito: "...Really?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yes."
*I somehow manage to persuade her and she changes back into her school uniform before we get into the bed together.*
*It's a small bed, so of course we're touching each other, and if I turn even slightly in her direction, I can see her face from up close.*
*This lack of distance between us is nerve-racking, but she's fully clothed and we just did it moments ago, so I won't feel horny again... probably.*
Rito: "See? Doing it beforehand prevented you from going crazy."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm... Yeah, but still, was that really okay...?"
Rito: "It was."
Mitsuyoshi: "You know, Rito..."
Rito: "Yes? Did I say something strange?"
*I instinctively frown when I hear her respond so bluntly.*
*I can imagine that if I left her alone, she'd go on to do some ridiculous things.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's probably not my place to say this, but don't say things like that to other guys."
Rito: "I know. After all, that's something you only do with someone special to you."
Mitsuyoshi: "...O-Okay, as long as you understand that."
*My heart skipped a beat there. Did she say that intentionally...?*
Rito: "Hehe... Shall we get to sleep?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Yeah."
Rito: "This will be my first time... If I remember correctly, there's a phrase you say beforehand."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, that's right. Good night, Rito..."
Rito: "It will be my first time saying that as well... Good night..."
*I hold her hand as we wish each other good night, and she returns my grasp while looking somewhat happy.*
*I feel her warmth and softness, and I tighten my hold on her hand, wanting to never let go of it.*
*omake_TsubakiKasumi*
Tsubaki: "Mm... mm, mm!"
Kasumi: "Mm, mwah... mwah, mm...!"
Tsubaki: "Haa, ahh... ah, ahhn, Sumi-chan..."
Kasumi: "Mm, mm! Hime-chan... mm...!"
*I can feel her soft lips.*
*Our lips meet and our tongues entwine. It all feels unbearably good.*
Kasumi: "Mmm...! Kiss me more... mm, mm!"
Tsubaki: "Ah, ah! Haa, haa... Sumi-chan, mm!"
Kasumi: "Mm... haa, mm..."
Tsubaki: "Mm, mwah... mwah, haa, mm!"
Kasumi: "Hime-chan... mm!"
*When she says my name, I temporarily pull my lips back from hers in a daze.*
Tsubaki: (My mind... feels hazy... How did this happen...?)
Tsubaki: (If I remember correctly, she got a nice-smelling oil and invited me over...)
Mitsuyoshi: "Guess we're done for today."
*Nothing seemed off with the treasury, so we figured that there probably wouldn't be anything out of the ordinary happening tonight.*
*As such, we decided to call it a day and return to our rooms early.*
Shizuka: "I'm heading out then. Kasumi, make sure you go back to your room, too."
Kasumi: "It's only a step away with the key! See you later, Shii-chan."
Shizuka: "Fine, fine. Bye."
Kasumi: "Let's go, Hime-chan."
Tsubaki: "Yeah, I can't wait."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
*As we're all about to leave, Tsubaki-chan and Sumi-chan look like they're headed somewhere together.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you two going somewhere this late in the day?"
Kasumi: "Just to my room. I asked Heidi-chan to whip up an aroma oil for us."
Kasumi: "Tomorrow's a holiday, so we're going to have a sleepover and try it out~"
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan invited me and I couldn't say no."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh, that sounds like fun."
*They're both in high spirits.*
*It brings a smile to my face since it feels like something that girls would really enjoy.*
Kasumi: "Do you want to join us then, Mii-kun?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What!?"
Tsubaki: "S-Sumi-chan!!"
*Her invitation comes as a bombshell and I instinctively raise my voice.*
*But I'm clearly not the only one who's surprised.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I-I don't think that's a good idea... I'm sure it'd be more fun if it were just you girls there."
Kasumi: "You think so?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. Right, Tsubaki-chan!?"
Tsubaki: "Y-Yeah, that's right!"
Kasumi: "I see. In that case, we can get Shii-chan and everyone else next time and have lots of people over."
Mitsuyoshi: "That sounds good."
*Though that doesn't sound any different from what normally happens here...*
Kasumi: "Anyway, we'll get going now. Bye bye."
Tsubaki: "See you. Good night, Mii-kun."
Mitsuyoshi: "Night."
*As I'm waving, Sumi-chan takes out the Key of Janus and uses it to return to her room.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I should head back and get to bed... Fwaah~"
Kasumi: "Hime-chan, take a seat. It'll be ready in just a minute."
Tsubaki: "Sure thing."
*When we get to Sumi-chan's room, she takes out a small box and removes a small bottle from it containing the oil.*
*Seeing her look so excited naturally brings a smile to my face.*
Kasumi: "Wow! The bottle's so cute!"
Tsubaki: "You're right! I can't wait to find out what it smells like."
Kasumi: "I asked Heidi-chan to use a fragrance that would fit my image."
Tsubaki: "Your image, huh...? I'm sure it'll smell amazing then."
Kasumi: "Ehehe, really? I hope it does."
Kasumi: "Look at this! I even bought a new aroma lamp just for this!"
Tsubaki: "You went out yourself to buy it?"
Kasumi: "No, I wrote it down and asked Shii-chan to."
Tsubaki: "I see, so Murakumo did..."
*She gleefully prepares the lamp and sets everything up.*
*She lights the candle and adds a little water to the dish. All that's left is to pour in the oil.*
*However, that's when her hands stop moving.*
Tsubaki: "What's wrong?"
Kasumi: "Hmm, I was debating how much oil to put on."
Tsubaki: "I see. I think a few drops should be more than enough..."
Kasumi: "I have no idea, so maybe something like this. ♪"
Tsubaki: "S-Sumi-chan, is it okay to be using that much!?"
Kasumi: "It's just an aroma oil. If it gets too strong, we can just dilute it with more water."
Tsubaki: "I-Is that how it works?"
*It might have some magical effects...*
Kasumi: "Ah! I can smell it now."
Tsubaki: "Ah... It smells great."
*I still have my misgivings, but the room is soon filled with a sweet scent.*
*She puts down the bottle and breathes deeply to take it in.*
Kasumi: "Amazing. I've never smelled anything this nice before!"
Tsubaki: "Me neither... And this scent fits you to a T."
Kasumi: "Ehehehe, really? So this is the kind of image I give off. I'm glad~"
Kasumi: "Ah! I'll make some tea, Hime-chan. We'll chat the night away."
Tsubaki: "Yeah."
*She brings out the tea in no time at all.*
*The sweet fragrance in the air and the deliciousness of the tea brings a pleasant feeling to my heart.*
Kasumi: "Mii-kun should've come too~ I'm sure it would've been even more fun."
Tsubaki: "Hehehe, but he'd probably get nervous being stuck with two girls."
Kasumi: "What? I don't think that'd be enough to make him nervous."
Tsubaki: "Really?"
*As she says, perhaps it would've been more fun with him around.*
Tsubaki: (With Sumi-chan and Mii-kun, the three of us together...)
*While those thoughts float around in my mind, I start feeling a little dizzy.*
*Am I getting sleepy because I'm too tired?*
*But... I usually go to bed later than this...*
Tsubaki: "......!"
*My mind feels all foggy when I hear the sound of a cup dropping in front of me.*
*I hurriedly raise my head to find that my tea's been spilled all over the table.*
Kasumi: "Are you okay, Hime-chan?"
Tsubaki: "O-Oh... Sorry, I'm fine. I only spilled a bit. It didn't get on my uniform."
Tsubaki: "I'm going to go borrow a towel from your kitchen if that's okay."
Kasumi: "Go ahead. Do you need me to come with you?"
Tsubaki: "I think I can handle it myself, thanks."
*I get up and head for the kitchen in search of a towel.*
Tsubaki: (I thought I'd be used to being the acting Disciplinary Committee chair by now... I guess it's still stressful...)
*My head still feels hazy.*
*This has never happened before...*
Tsubaki: "Haah..."
*I'm glad that Sumi-chan invited me over to her place, but it looks like chatting all night will be impossible.*
*I never imagined that I'd end up in this situation.*
Tsubaki: (I feel bad for her, but it's probably for the best if I rest after finishing my tea. It would cause less worry for her, too.)
Tsubaki: "!?"
*As I'm thinking about that, I hear a loud sound come from Sumi-chan's direction.*
*It wakes me up and I dash back over there.*
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan! What happened!?"
Kasumi: "Mmm... Hime-chan..."
*When I return, I see that she's collapsed on the floor.*
*I rush to hold her up and notice that her face is somewhat red.*
Kasumi: "Hime-chan..."
Tsubaki: "Are you not feeling well? ......! Was it the aroma oil?"
Kasumi: "Ehehe... Hime-chan's hugging me..."
Tsubaki: "......?"
*She's conscious, but she seems a bit out of it.*
*Her expression looks relaxed as well.*
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan, I'll take you to your bed..."
Kasumi: "Hime-cha~n."
Tsubaki: "Wh-Whoa!"
*As I'm trying to figure out what to do, she glomps me out of nowhere.*
*The surprise makes me fall backwards onto my hands.*
Tsubaki: "......!?"
*At that moment, my fingers touch something.*
*I turn to see what it is and realize it's the box that contained the bottle of aroma oil.*
Kasumi: "Hime-chan~ Hime-chan, ehehe~"
Tsubaki: "W-Wait, Sumi-chan..."
Kasumi: "Nope~ I'm hugging you~"
Tsubaki: "O-Okay, enough of that already..."
*Her hugging is making me feel light-headed.*
*And I get the feeling that the sweet fragrance is stronger than before...*
Tsubaki: "Th-This isn't the time for that...!"
*I furiously shake my head and pick up the box. A sheet of paper falls out from it.*
Tsubaki: "Is that the instruction manual...? I didn't know it had one."
Kasumi: "Hime-cha~n. Hime-chan, hug me~"
Tsubaki: "........."
*The sweet smell in the room, the dizziness from before, Sumi-chan acting strangely...*
*Trying to piece everything together gives me a really bad feeling.*
Tsubaki: "D-Don't tell me...!"
*I pick up the instructions and see that there's a detailed ingredient list written in a small font.*
*At the very bottom is a warning handwritten by Adelheid-san.*
"In order to enhance the fragrance, I've added an aphrodisiac herb."
"It's quite powerful, so only use a little bit of the oil at a time."
"Adelheid Ritter von Weinberger"
Tsubaki: "Haah... Earlier, she..."
Kasumi: "Hmm, I was debating how much oil to put on."
Tsubaki: "I see. I think a few drops should be more than enough..."
Kasumi: "I have no idea, so maybe something like this. ♪"
Tsubaki: "S-Sumi-chan, is it okay to be using that much!?"
Kasumi: "It's just an aroma oil. If it gets too strong, we can just dilute it with more water."
Kasumi: "Ehehe~ Hime-chan~"
Tsubaki: "S-Sumi-chaaaan!!!!"
*At least I've figured out the root cause behind all this.*
*It's because we used too much of the oil.*
Tsubaki: "Wh-What should I do about this...? I have to turn off the aroma lamp first."
Kasumi: "Hime-chan..."
Tsubaki: "Huh?"
*When I try to get up, she stirs in my arms.*
*It takes me aback and I stop moving, but then she slides her hand over to mine and clasps it.*
Kasumi: "Hime-chan... I love you."
Tsubaki: "Sumi-cha...n..."
Kasumi: "Mm..."
Tsubaki: "Mmm!"
*She moves her body and the next thing I know, her face is right up against mine and our lips are touching.*
*A gentle, ephemeral sensation.*
*But that was more than enough to make my whole body shudder.*
Kasumi: "Mwah... mwah, mm... mm!"
Tsubaki: "Ah... mm, mm!"
*She plants her lips on mine over and over again.*
*I feel dizzier and dizzier each time I feel her soft lips.*
*I know we shouldn't be doing this, but...*
Kasumi: "Mmm... mm, Hime-chan..."
Tsubaki: "Ah!"
Kasumi: "Mm, mwah..."
*I remain still, stunned by the current situation, when Sumi-chan licks my lips.*
*I involuntarily yelp from the new sensation and she takes the opportunity to stick her tongue into my mouth.*
Tsubaki: "Ahhn!"
Kasumi: "Mm, mm... haa, haa... mm!"
Tsubaki: "Mm! Mm, ahh..."
*The sticky organ makes its way into my mouth.*
*She kisses me several times and thoroughly licks the inside of my mouth...*
Tsubaki: (My mind... is slowly...)
*The feeling of Sumi-chan and her breaths, as well as the aroma permeating the room...*
*They're all stimulating my body.*
*I have no idea what's going on anymore.*
Tsubaki: "Mm... mm, Sumi...-chan..."
Kasumi: "Ah... Hime-chan...!"
*I slowly move my tongue around, entwining it with hers.*
*She starts moving hers as well after kissing me joyfully.*
Tsubaki: "Mm... mm, mm!"
Kasumi: "Mm, mwah... mwah, mm...!"
Tsubaki: "Haa, ahh... ah, ahhn, Sumi-chan..."
Kasumi: "Mm, mm! Hime-chan... mm...!"
*I can feel her soft lips.*
*Our lips meet and our tongues entwine. It all feels unbearably good.*
Kasumi: "Mmm...! Kiss me more... mm, mm!"
Tsubaki: "Ah, ah! Haa, haa... Sumi-chan, mm!"
Kasumi: "Mm... haa, mm..."
Tsubaki: "Mm, mwah... mwah, haa, mm!"
Kasumi: "Hime-chan... mm!"
*When she says my name, I temporarily pull my lips back from hers in a daze.*
Kasumi: "Mm, mm...! Haa, haa... mm!"
Tsubaki: "Ah! Ah, mm... ahhn!"
*She sucks on my tongue strongly as if to brush away my apprehensions.*
*The stimulation makes me shudder and all my earlier thoughts go flying out the window.*
*I want to do more of this right now.*
Kasumi: "Hime-chan... mm, I love you so much."
Tsubaki: "Ahh... mm, me too, Sumi-chan."
Kasumi: "Yeah, we feel the same way... mwah, mm! I'm glad."
*Another flurry of kisses.*
*I don't want to separate from this soft sensation, but she suddenly removes her lips from mine.*
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan...?"
Kasumi: "Hime-chan, I want to kiss you more. Hey... can I?"
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan... I..."
Kasumi: "Come on, please? I want to kiss you..."
*Her eyes are tearing up.*
*When she looks at me like that, I feel like my heart is about to be torn in half.*
*I wonder why...*
Tsubaki: (Argh... My mind's all muddled and I can't think straight...)
Kasumi: "Hey, Hime-chan, do you not want to kiss me?"
Tsubaki: "I... do want to... I want to kiss you..."
Kasumi: "Ahh, I'm so glad...! I love you so much, Hime-chan."
Tsubaki: "Mm! Mm, ah..."
*She gleefully places her lips on mine after hearing my answer.*
*The modest contact quickly grows deeper, and our tongues entwine once again.*
Tsubaki: "Mm, mm...! mwah, mm, ahh..."
Kasumi: "Mm... mm, haa... haa, mm!"
*The energy drains out from my body as we share kisses.*
*That's how good her kisses feel.*
Kasumi: "Haa... haa, ah... Hime-chan..."
Tsubaki: "Hmm? What's wrong, Sumi-chan?"
Kasumi: "My body's burning up..."
Tsubaki: "Ah..."
Kasumi: "Hey, Hime-chan, let's strip."
Tsubaki: "Huh? S-Sure..."
*She lays her breasts bare before my eyes, and in my confusion, I do the same.*
*I can't help but stare at her exceptionally beautiful skin and she looks away out of embarrassment.*
Kasumi: "Hime-chan, it's embarrassing if you stare so much..."
Tsubaki: "Sorry... You're just too pretty."
Kasumi: "Hehe... Thanks. ah, but you're pretty, too."
*I should be wallowing in embarrassment now as well, but it makes me happy knowing that Sumi-chan is looking at me.*
Kasumi: "Mm... One more kiss..."
Tsubaki: "Mmm...! Mm, mm..."
Kasumi: "Mm, mm, mwah... mm!"
Tsubaki: "Mm... haa, haa, ah..."
Kasumi: "Mm, can I touch your breasts, Hime-chan...?"
Tsubaki: "Hyaa! Ah!"
*She starts fondling my chest before I can even respond.*
*Her hands don't stop, especially after seeing that I moaned from her gentle touch.*
Tsubaki: "Haa, ahhh... ah, ahh...!"
Kasumi: "Hime-chan, touch mine too."
Tsubaki: "Okay... mm, together."
Kasumi: "Ah, mm!"
*I accept her invitation and reach for Sumi-chan's breasts.*
*A soft feeling fills my hands.*
*The sensation is too pleasant for me to stop, and I tenderly caress her breasts over and over again.*
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan, your breasts... are soft..."
Kasumi: "Mm, mm... And your breasts are super cute."
Tsubaki: "No, don't say... ahh, ah..."
Kasumi: "Ahhn...! Mm, ah, mm!"
*Our lips meet several times again as we fondle each other's breasts.*
*I feel something soft in two places now.*
*My lips and hands move tirelessly, desiring more of it.*
Kasumi: "Haa, haa... ah, ahhh... my breasts... feel good..."
Tsubaki: "Mm, yeah... Mine too... ah!"
Kasumi: "Ehehe... mm, mwah... What if I squeeze here now?"
Tsubaki: "Ahh, ah... ah! Ah, mm!"
*She was only massaging my breasts earlier, but now she gently pinches my nipples, causing my whole body to shake.*
*I'm rendered motionless, and Sumi-chan takes the chance to keep stimulating my nipples.*
Kasumi: "Ah, hehe... Hime-chan, it feels good for you here, huh?"
Tsubaki: "A-Ah! Ah, Sumi-chan, don't... not there! Ahhn!!"
Kasumi: "Mm, but... I can't stop now after seeing how cute it makes you act... mmm!"
Tsubaki: "Haa, hyaa! Ah, mm! No, stop... Sumi-chan!"
Kasumi: "If I can't do that, then... what about here?"
Tsubaki: "Ahh!!"
*She giggles as she slides her hand down to my privates.*
*Her fingers gently graze my genitals, making my body react much more sensitively than I would've imagined.*
Kasumi: "Ah... Hey, Hime-chan, are you getting turned on? You're really wet down here."
Tsubaki: "D-Don't say that, Sumi-chan, mm...!"
*My entire body trembles from those small movements of her fingers.*
*Even though I'm so embarrassed, every bit of stimulation is making me more and more aroused.*
Kasumi: "You're so cute, Hime-chan. There's no need to be ashamed."
Tsubaki: "B-But this... ah, ah...!"
Kasumi: "It's okay... Here, touch me too."
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan..."
*She takes my shaking, hesitant hand and places it on her vagina.*
*I can tell that she's equally wet.*
*I'm taken aback and simply stare at her. She smiles shyly.*
Kasumi: "I'm in the same boat as you."
Tsubaki: "R-Right."
Kasumi: "Hey, Hime-chan, do you think it would feel even better... if your privates touched mine directly?"
Tsubaki: "Huh... B-But how would we..."
*I feel my body twitch a little at her suggestion.*
*I can't hide my surprise and confusion.*
*However, I feel compelled to do as she says in order to quench the fire in my body.*
Kasumi: "Umm... Let's try something like this..."
Tsubaki: "Whoa!"
*She pushes me down and holds one of my legs up in the air.*
*I should be feeling embarrassed from having my crotch exposed, but instead, my body heats up even more.*
Kasumi: "Hime-chan, stay still... mm!"
Tsubaki: "Haa, ahhh!"
*It feels like an electric shock runs through my body.*
*I instinctively retract my hips, making her look worried.*
Kasumi: "Ah! Ah, Hime-chan... a-are you okay?"
Tsubaki: "Ah... I'm fine, Sumi-chan... It just took me by surprise."
Kasumi: "Thank goodness. If it hurts, let me know and I'll stop right then and there."
Tsubaki: "Okay..."
*I nod and clutch her hand.*
*She returns my grasp reassuringly and starts moving her hips so that our genitals rub against each other's.*
Tsubaki: "Hyaaa!!"
Kasumi: "Ahhn! Ah, ahhh... Th-This is amazing!"
*The lewd sounds from our vaginas send shockwaves through my body.*
*It's nothing like the one from before.*
*I feel hot deep within my body, and I want more.*
Kasumi: "Haa, haa... ah, haa, ah! Hime-chan... Hime-chan!"
Tsubaki: "Mm! Sumi-chan, it feels so good! Ah, ah!"
*She moves her hips several times, rubbing our genitals together.*
*The dirty sounds grow louder each time, and her breathing gets rougher and rougher.*
*I want to feel good with her. I want to do more of this. Before I know it, I'm also furiously swinging my hips.*
Kasumi: "Hime-chan! Hime-chan... ah, ah, ahhh!"
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan! Together, let's... a-ahh!"
Kasumi: "Yeah, I want us to... do lots of this together!"
Tsubaki: "Mm! I'm... here with you, so we can!"
*The intense pleasure, the sweet aroma filling the room, Sumi-chan's expression before me.*
*They all stimulate us, making us crave more.*
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan! Haa, haa... ah, ah!"
Kasumi: "Hime-chan, I love you... I love you so much...!"
Tsubaki: "Yeah, me too, Sumi-chan! Ahhn! Ah, mm!"
*My vagina twitches, almost as if it were begging for more.*
*I should feel embarrassed right now, but the only thought on my mind is wanting to do more with Sumi-chan.*
*Our hands are tightly clasped together as we move our hips, rubbing our genitals together.*
Kasumi: "Mmm, ah! Ah, ahh! Hime-chan, I... I'm gonna...! Ahhhh!"
Tsubaki: "M-Me too, Sumi-chan! Together...!"
Kasumi: "Haa, mm! Mm... Together, Hime-chan! Hime-chan!"
Tsubaki: "Mm, ahh! Ah, ahh, Sumi-chan! I, ah!!!"
"Ahh... ah, hyaaaa!!!"
*When my privates slide against hers again, my entire body convulses and I climax.*
*The same appears to have happened to Sumi-chan, who is now limp and devoid of energy.*
*We fall onto each other for support as we catch our breaths.*
Kasumi: "Hah... That felt good, didn't it?"
Tsubaki: "Yeah..."
Kasumi: "You were really cute, Hime-chan."
*She says that with a smile on her face, and my chest burns up when I see that.*
*I feel like there's another fire welling up inside of me...*
Tsubaki: "Sumi-chan, I'll make you feel good this time."
Kasumi: "Huh!? A-Ahh! Hime-chan!!"
*This time, I move my own hips, rubbing our genitals together.*
*Her body shakes, surprised that I'm taking the lead.*
Kasumi: "Ah! Ahh, ah! D-Don't be so rough! Ahhn!"
Tsubaki: "You're so cute, Sumi-chan... I want you to feel even better! Mmm!"
*My body reacts sensitively, having just orgasmed moments ago.*
*Both of us shiver from the stimulation, and our juices won't stop overflowing from our crotches.*
Kasumi: "Ahhh! Ah, ah, ahh...! Hime-chan, amazing! It feels better than before, ahhn!"
Tsubaki: "Haa, haa...! Sumi-chan, I'll make it... feel even better for you! Mm!"
Kasumi: "Hiin! Mm, ahh! Ah, no! No... I'm gonna... again! Ahhh!"
Tsubaki: "Ahh, ah... mm! Me too!!"
*The large motions of my hips don't stop.*
*Our genitals produce a harmony of lewd sounds that arouse my ears.*
Kasumi: "Hime-chan! I love you! I love you so much!"
Tsubaki: "I love you too, Sumi-chan!"
Kasumi: "Yeah! We'll... always be together... haa, haa..."
Tsubaki: "A-Ahhn, I'm so happy... I get to be with you forever, ah, ah!"
*Not only are our bodies joined, but our hearts are one as well.*
*Overwhelmed with happiness, I furiously shake my hips, wanting to be with her more.*
*Dirty sounds continue to echo throughout the room.*
Kasumi: "Ah, ahhh! Ah, no! Hime-chan! Hime-cha... ah, ahhhh!!!"
Tsubaki: "Ah, ahhh! Sumi-chan! Sumi-chan!!"
*When her crotch twitches, it sends a wave of pleasure through my body.*
*Both of us moan loudly as we climax, shaking from the burning sensation overflowing from our genitals.*
Tsubaki: "Ah...! I can't... My mind's completely blank..."
Mitsuyoshi: "!!!!"
*I quickly spring up and notice that I'm on my bed.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh... Wh-What...? Was that a dream...?"
*I think back to what I just saw, completely baffled by it.*
*If memory serves, Sumi-chan and Tsubaki-chan said that they were having a sleepover...*
*I manage to connect the dots and start kicking myself.*
Mitsuyoshi: (What the hell am I thinking, having a dream like that...?)
Mitsuyoshi: "Haah...... Ah!"
*As I'm wallowing in my depression, I suddenly notice that something is off.*
*And this is something I really didn't need right now...*
Mitsuyoshi: "........."
*There's no way, right? I look inside my boxers and see remnants of a wet dream...*
Mitsuyoshi: "A-Ahhhhhh..."
Mitsuyoshi: "At my age... This couldn't get any worse...!"
*Well, what's done is done.*
*It's pathetic, but for now, I have to change into a fresh pair...*
Tsubaki: "Mii-kun, are you awake!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......!!!"
Tsubaki: "We've got a huge problem. There's a Mist on the loose...! Mii-kun!?"
*Right as I'm about to get changed, I hear Tsubaki-chan's voice from outside my room.*
*I wasn't expecting this sort of speak-of-the-devil situation, and that scene vividly pops up in my mind...*
Kasumi: "Haa, haa... ah, haa, ah! Hime-chan... Hime-chan!"
Tsubaki: "Mm! Sumi-chan, it feels so good! Ah, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "....Ahhhhhhhhh!?"
Tsubaki: "Mii-kun! Mii-kun, what's wrong!?"
Tsubaki: "...Ah! Don't tell me it's the Mist!"
Tsubaki: "Just wait, I'll get this door open! Hang in there!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "H-Huh!? Ah! Wait! Tsubaki-chan! You've got the wrong idea!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Gyaahhhh!!!! Wait! Tsubaki-chan, wait! Hold on!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't come in heeeeeeere!!!!!"
*omake_Usio*
*The seal on the treasury was repaired soon after things settled down at the school.*
*As a result, the Disciplinary Committee and the Bureau had almost no supernatural incidents to deal with.*
*We were back to being regular students more or less―*
*And the days and months passed by in the blink of an eye.*
*We're now in the long break just before the upcoming graduation ceremony, and I'm out on an errand.*
Ushio: (Come to think of it, Koga-kun's house should be around here...)
*I recall the address that he told me once before.*
*It should be within walking distance... I think.*
Ushio: (Would I be imposing if I suddenly appeared at his home...? But...)
*Recently, he's been busy with business trips and we haven't had many chances to meet, so I feel an urge to visit him.*
Ushio: (Oh, it won't come as a surprise if I call or text him beforehand.)
*Right as I'm about to do so, certain memories are recalled in my mind.*
Ushio: "......!"
Ushio: (Th-Those were just dreams! They're dreams... but...)
*What if, during this long vacation, he secretly did something like that with another girl...?*
Ushio: (No! Those were nothing but dreams! Koga-kun isn't someone who would do something like that!)
*Yes, it's not that I'm worried that he's cheating on me.*
*There shouldn't be any problems with me dropping by to say hi since I was in the area.*
*I'll just catch up with him and ask him about how Michiru-san's doing... There's nothing strange about that.*
Ushio: (It should be in this direction...)
*As I'm going through all these thoughts in my mind, I arrive at what appears to be Koga-kun's home.*
*The nameplate says "Koga" as well, so there's no doubt about it.*
Ushio: ".................."
*However, I can't muster the courage to ring the doorbell.*
Ushio: (What if... and it's a huge "if"... he actually is cheating on me...? What do I do...?)
*I get scared as I picture that in my mind and shake my head to clear it.*
*I know that it's impossible... so why am I so worried?*
*I don't have any big concerns about him... or at least, I don't think I do.*
Ushio: (But... what if another girl fell in love with him...?)
*That's certainly within the realm of possibility.*
*He seemed very close to Fushimi-san, that nurse we met last time... but he denied having any sort of relationship with her...*
*And when he was still pretending to be a student, he was on good terms with several of his classmates...*
*Is it the confidence he gets because he's older? Or maybe he always had this sort of personality? He does seem friendly to everyone he meets...*
Ushio: (At any rate... it wouldn't be strange for someone else to fall in love with him...!)
*Based on that, even if I marched into his home right this instant, it's possible that I could witness an unbelievable sight.*
*I go and ring the doorbell...*
Ushio: (...No! Hesitating won't get me to the bottom of this. I have to...)
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's see... Where do I even start...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......! Coming!"
*I'm lost in thought with my arms folded when the doorbell rings.*
*I hurriedly make my way to the front door.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hello, sorry to keep you wait...ing."
Ushio: "U-Umm, hello..."
Mitsuyoshi: "M-Mooko!? Huh? What are you doing here?"
*I'm taken aback by the person standing before me when I open the door.*
Ushio: (Wh-Why does he look so flustered!? Are... my worries being realized!?)
*However, she looks a bit surprised as well. I wonder why.*
*At any rate, her timing couldn't have been any better.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Anyway, it's great to see you! Come on in!"
Ushio: "Huh? What? Umm, I only dropped by to say hi..."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's fine. This way."
*Her eyes widen when she sees the books and papers scattered all across the living room.*
Ushio: "Wh-What... is going on here...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, all sorts of stuff."
Ushio: "Cookbooks and... printouts of recipes...? Could it be that you're trying to cook?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... You see, this all started yesterday..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I was setting up the table while waiting for Michiru to finish cooking."
Mitsuyoshi: "Michiru~ I'm done here. Is the food ready yet?"
Michiru: "Not yet! Sit tight for a little longer."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm starving though..."
Michiru: "Haah... I really think that you should learn how to cook for yourself already, Onii-chan!"
Mitsuyoshi: "That's easier said than done."
Michiru: "You eat so much, so don't you think it'd be easier if you could make some good food yourself?"
Michiru: "And you probably weren't counting your calories when you were eating at school, were you?"
Mitsuyoshi: "How'd you guess?"
Michiru: "I know at least that much about you."
*What she says is right. I just ate whatever while I was at school.*
*I did try my best to control my portions, but it's a different story when it comes to nutrition...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, I guess knowing how to cook is useful..."
Michiru: "You can try it out tomorrow!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? That's such short notice. There's no way I can do that."
Michiru: "You'll be fine. If it's something like curry or beef stew, you just need to follow the instructions on the back of the box!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Is it really that simple?"
Michiru: "Yeah! And you can look up how to use a knife and the right way to cut up the ingredients online or in books."
Michiru: "Our fridge is stocked with everything you need, so you don't even have to go out and buy groceries."
Mitsuyoshi: "I see... Well, it's worth a shot."
Michiru: "I've got plans tomorrow so I'll be out. Make sure you have dinner done by the time I'm back."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, I'll do my best."
Michiru: "Good. And the food's ready now, so let's eat~"
Mitsuyoshi: "And that's why I'm in this predicament."
Ushio: "I-I see. I understand now."
Mitsuyoshi: "So... if you don't mind, could you help me make dinner?"
Ushio: "Huh? Oh, s-sure... I understand where you're coming from, but... I don't have much experience either..."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's fine! Here's an apron. I wouldn't want your clothes to get dirty."
Ushio: "Thank you for being so considerate. By the way, what are we starting with?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I've already taken the ingredients out from the fridge and washed the veggies. The next step would be to cut them... but I don't really know how."
Ushio: "For that, we should look up the appropriate method for each one."
*She dons the apron as she says that before collecting and perusing the books and papers scattered throughout the room.*
*I had a hard time going through all of them myself, but with her help, I think things will go smoothly from here on out.*
Ushio: "I forgot to ask. What are we making?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Beef stew."
Ushio: "Okay. Let's see... Ah, it says to cut the vegetables and meat into bite-sized chunks. The onions should be cut into wedges..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Wedges...?"
Ushio: "This book has illustrations. Here, like this."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, let's give it a shot."
*The two of us are side by side in the narrow kitchen, trying to cook... but we're inexperienced, so I wonder if this will go well...*
*I glance over at Mooko and see that she's gripping the knife with her brow furrowed.*
Ushio: "...Hold the knife, stand parallel to the cutting board, and take a half step backwards..."
*...Is she all right?*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you okay, Mooko? You seem really flustered."
Ushio: "D-Don't talk to me right now! I'll forget what I'm supposed to do."
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh, okay. So first, we peel the vegetables and then cut them."
Ushio: "Peel them!? U-Umm, with a knife...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's see... We have peelers, so we can use that."
Ushio: "I'll set the knife aside for now then..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll handle the potatoes. Can you do the carrots?"
*We move on to the cutting phase.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Something like this I guess...?"
*When I go to try it, it's actually pretty easy.*
*That being said, all we're doing is cutting veggies...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm..."
Ushio: "Push... and cut..."
*Looking to my side, I see Mooko trembling and holding the knife dangerously as she cuts the carrots.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, are you okay? That doesn't look safe."
Ushio: "B-Be quiet! I'm trying to focus."
Mitsuyoshi: "You seem really clumsy with that knife."
Ushio: "Wh-What do you mean by that!? I'm doing my best here! I'm trying to help you here and this is the thanks I get!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm just afraid that you're going to get hurt..."
Ushio: "Ah... I-I'm sorry... I made you worry about me."
*I thought that she was angry but she suddenly blushes embarrassedly.*
*This happens all the time, but that look is seriously unfair.*
*I can't admonish her anymore.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, umm... I'm sorry, too. The knife will cut just fine even if you don't put that much strength into it."
Ushio: "R-Really now? Thank you..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well... just be careful."
*We manage to finish chopping the vegetables and we move onto the next step after reading the instructions on the back of the box and in books.*
*It says to simmer the vegetables on a low heat, but we don't know how low it means...*
*We don't know how long to simmer it for either, but it's at least starting to resemble beef stew.*
Ushio: "Phew."
Mitsuyoshi: "Haaaaahhhh..."
*A tantalizing aroma comes wafting from the cooking pot.*
*We somehow managed to reach the finish line without messing up.*
*I sigh and embrace the feeling of success.*
Ushio: "All that remains is to leave it on a low boil until it's done."
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... Thanks, Mooko."
Ushio: "It's nothing, I didn't..."
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you talking about? You did a bunch of research for me, and that was super helpful."
Ushio: "I'm glad I was of use."
*She takes off her apron as she says that and folds it up tidily before handing it to me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm?"
Ushio: "Your dinner is all set, so I'll excuse myself now. I wasn't planning to stay for this long to begin with."
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh? Why not stick around for a bit? We made it together, so you deserve to eat it, too."
Mitsuyoshi: "And this is too much for just Michiru and me."
Ushio: "...Umm... In that case, I'll stay for a little longer then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Please do. It's been a while since we last saw each other anyway."
*I say that with a smile and she nods embarrassedly.*
*Again, that kind of face should be illegal... but I can't do anything about it if she's not doing it on purpose.*
Ushio: "Is Michiru-san still going to be a while?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah... We've got some time until when she said she'd be back."
Ushio: "I see."
*It's cute seeing her all restless.*
*She's glancing every which way, like an abandoned kitten that was picked up and isn't used to its new surroundings.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, there's something I want to try out."
Ushio: "What is it? If it's something I can do, then..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Here... Put this back on."
*I give her the apron that she just returned to me.*
Ushio: "But we're not cooking anything else..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't worry about it. I just want to see you wearing it."
Ushio: "O-Okay..."
*She looks confused, but obliges with my request.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mookooo."
Ushio: "Kyaa! Wh-What are you doing!?"
*After staring intently at her in the apron, my face naturally slackens and I hug her forcefully.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's because you're so cute."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
Ushio: "Ah... ah, mmm...!"
*I gently caress her body as I embrace her and turn her chin upwards.*
*I then proceed to place my lips on hers, sticking my tongue inside her mouth and slowly moving it around.*
Ushio: "Mm... mm, mm!"
*I indulge in the sticky sensation as I entwine our tongues, producing dirty noises all the while.*
*She seems surprised, but as our kiss continues, the energy drains from her body and she clings to me.*
Ushio: "Mmm... mm, ah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
*She hesitantly moves her tongue to match my movements.*
*I steal a glance at her facial expression; her face is flushed and she looks entranced.*
*I draw her body closer to mine and go for an even deeper kiss.*
Ushio: "Mm... ah, haa... mm, mm!"
*I lick all over the inside of her mouth, making loud sounds with our saliva.*
*Our lips slowly separate and I see that she's still in that euphoric state.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko..."
Ushio: "Koga-kun... Umm, why did you... I mean, I'm not against it... but..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...To be honest, I was feeling kind of horny while we were cooking."
Ushio: "Wh-What!? Umm, uhh... Huh?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I've never seen you in an apron before and it was refreshing... so, you know..."
*Answering her question directly is pretty embarrassing, and she blushes while I'm beating around the bush.*
*It's just way too adorable... and I'm only getting more and more aroused...*
Mitsuyoshi: "And so... I wanted to try out a couple things."
Ushio: "Like what...? W-Wait! What are you planning on doing!?"
*I hug her again and gently stroke her body.*
*She's startled but doesn't resist.*
*I start moving my hands around, undressing her.*
Ushio: "Wait, Koga-kun! Mm... Wh-What are you..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Isn't it obvious...? Mm!"
Ushio: "Kyaa! Ah, mm!"
*I whisper into her ear and kiss it, causing her to yelp.*
*I undress her bit by bit, making sure she doesn't have the energy to fight back.*
Ushio: "U-Umm! Th-This is really... ah, ah!"
*With another kiss and some more caresses, she's completely weakened and doesn't struggle at all.*
*Knowing that, I take off the rest of her clothes, leaving her in nothing but the apron.*
*She glares at me, her face beet red.*
Ushio: "I-I can't believe you... This... This is...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Like I said, I wanted to try it..."
Ushio: "Wanted to try it!? You're only saying that because Michiru-san isn't back yet...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, seriously, we'll be fine. We've got plenty of time."
Ushio: "That's not the problem here...!"
*She gets angrier with each sentence that comes out of my mouth and glares at me harder.*
*But even that's irresistibly cute.*
Ushio: "What in the world are you thinking...!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I've stripped you down to that and you can't tell?"
Ushio: "Th-That's, umm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "See? You do know."
*She starts fidgeting as she blushes.*
*It's downright adorable and I want to satisfy this urge right this instant.*
*However, Mooko comes back to her senses before long and goes back to glaring at me.*
*I don't say anything in return, simply staring at her in silence.*
Ushio: "Why are you not saying anything?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "W-Would you say something already?"
Mitsuyoshi: "......"
Ushio: "Koga-kun... Please say something."
*Her face gets even redder, unable to take my silence anymore.*
*I give a huge smirk when I see that.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's nothing... I was just thinking that you really are super cute."
Ushio: "Huh!? Ah! U-Umm, wh-what are you...!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You look really cute in that and it fits you."
Ushio: "B-Being complimented in this outfit... d-doesn't make me happy at all..."
*Although she says that, it's clear that that's not entirely the case.*
*She's like an open book, and on top of that, she's cute.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It doesn't seem like you hate it though."
Ushio: "Even so, it doesn't make me happy..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Really? I'm happy that you're so cute, though."
Ushio: "U-Uu... E-Even if you say that..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Are you happy?"
Ushio: "......!"
*I purposely ask her that to make her angry, and she glares at me, red as a beet.*
*That expression while she's in that outfit is dangerous.*
*It's too stimulating, in more ways than one.*
Ushio: "I honestly cannot tell... what is going on in your head."
Mitsuyoshi: "Should I make it easier for you to understand, then?"
Ushio: "Huh... Hyaa!"
*I take her hand and place it on my groin above my pants.*
*I'm already rock hard from seeing her in a naked apron.*
Ushio: "Wha... Ah! U-Umm, why!? Huh!?"
*Her eyes widen in surprise when she realizes what's going on.*
*My dick twitches a little, startling her again.*
Ushio: "Hii! Wh-What are you...!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I can't help it... You're too cute, and that outfit's too sexy."
Ushio: "A-And who was the one who made things like this!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Me, but..."
*In spite of everything, Mooko doesn't move her hand away.*
*I'm unable to resist the look on her face and the feeling of being touched, which arouse me even more.*
*That being said, I was never planning on holding back...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Mooko... Can we keep going?"
Ushio: "K-Keep going...? What are you talking about? On top of putting me in this outfit, you want to go further...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "But I'm already like this just from looking at you, you know..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You're so unbelievably cute; it's obvious that I'd want more."
Ushio: "Wh-Whose fault is that...? I'm not in this outfit because I want to be..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know. It's because I asked you to."
Ushio: "Yes... but..."
Mitsuyoshi: "And when I think about you touching me, I get even more turned on."
Ushio: "N-Not this again!"
Mitsuyoshi: "So yeah... I want to do more with you while you're in that cute and sexy getup."
*She blushes from embarrassment again while I stare at her.*
*When it comes to something like being complimented, her feelings are extremely obvious.*
Ushio: "...Saying all that isn't going to..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Come on... Like this..."
Ushio: "Kyaa! A-Ah!?"
*Losing my patience, I let go of Mooko's hand, take my dick out from my pants, and make her hold it.*
Ushio: "Wh-What are you doing all of a sudden...!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Like I've been saying all this time, I want to do more with you."
Ushio: "Even so, th-that doesn't mean... you can..."
*Despite her saying that, she doesn't let go of my shaft.*
*Having her touch it directly makes me even more lustful.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Mooko... Will you keep going?"
Ushio: "What exactly... does that entail...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Slowly move your hand up and down."
Ushio: "S-Slowly?"
*She obediently follows my instructions.*
*The awkward stimulation makes my dick tremble, startling her.*
*Each and every one of her expressions, reactions, and movements fuels my arousal.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Just like that, Mooko."
Ushio: "O-Okay... Like this, slowly..."
*My member throbs with every motion of her hand, and chills run down my spine.*
*Precum leaks uncontrollably from the tip.*
*Mooko notices and gets even more embarrassed, but nevertheless, she continues to stroke my dick.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm..."
Ushio: "Koga-kun, umm... Is this... all I have to do?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh...? That's..."
*Her hand keeps moving while I hesitate.*
*My precum has wet her palm a little and the sticky feeling makes it even more stimulating.*
*There's no way I can be satisfied with just this.*
*However, Mooko thinks that this is more than enough.*
Ushio: "Any more than this would be... Umm, and Michiru-san might come home any minute."
Mitsuyoshi: "I already said that she's going to be a while, so could you... lick it?"
Ushio: "Huh!? L-Lick it!?"
*She's taken aback by my request and stops her hand completely.*
*I can't help but grin at that.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, I want you to lick it."
Ushio: "N-No way! I'm not doing anything more than this...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Really? You won't do it? No matter what?"
Ushio: "Y-Yes... No matter what..."
Mitsuyoshi: "But I really want you to. Please... Ushio?"
Ushio: "...U-Uu..."
*I say her name and stare intently at her, and she goes quiet, her hand still gripping my shaft.*
*The entire time, my member keeps throbbing in her hand.*
Ushio: "I-I understand... Just a little then."
Mitsuyoshi: "Great. Thanks, Ushio."
Ushio: "Please remain still..."
Ushio: "Mm, mm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
*She slowly sticks her tongue out and starts licking my dick.*
*The sticky sensation makes my dick throb again and leak out even more precum.*
*She laps it up and moves her tongue around.*
Ushio: "Mmm... mm, mm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Start from the bottom."
Ushio: "O-Okay... haa, mm... mm!"
*She does as she's told and licks from the base all the way to the tip.*
*She's not the best at it, but the clumsiness of it makes it even more arousing.*
*When her tongue leaves the tip, she makes her way back to the base and slides her tongue all the way up.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... That feels good, Ushio."
Ushio: "Mmm...! Haa, mm, mm... mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, keep it up."
*I stroke her hair while complimenting her, and she seems to enjoy that since her tongue's movements become bigger.*
*It runs back and forth along my dick, occasionally making lewd noises from her saliva.*
*Her expression before my eyes, the awkward feeling of her tongue, the sounds of her breathing and moans.*
*I'm a prisoner of all of these sources of stimulation.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa, mm... mm, mm, mm!"
*She starts taking my member within her mouth.*
*I'm surprised that she did that without my asking her to, but I'm more delighted than anything.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Keep going like that..."
Ushio: "Mmm...! Mm, mm, haa, haa..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio...!"
Ushio: "Mm...! Koga-ku... mm, mm, shlrp, mm..."
*She moves her head while gently sucking on my shaft.*
*I rock my hips in time with her movements, thrusting deep inside her mouth, but she ends up startled by it and removes her mouth from my dick.*
Ushio: "Haa, mm! Mmm... D-Don't get carried away."
Mitsuyoshi: "But your mouth felt so good."
Ushio: "But that doesn't mean you can do something like that...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "So I just have to not thrust then?"
Ushio: "That's fine..."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right. I'll hold back... so could you keep going?"
Ushio: "Okay... mm, mm!"
*She returns to licking my dick while being somewhat wary of me.*
*Her tongue runs from the base to the tip before she puts it in her mouth and starts sucking on it again.*
Ushio: "Mm, mm... mm, uu, mmm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa, mm..."
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah...! Ah, mm!"
*I have a huge urge to shake my hips and have her deep-throat me.*
*But if I do that, she'll seriously start crying, and I promised her I wouldn't... I'll have to stay still for now.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa, ahh... mmm, mm!"
*She makes loud sounds as she frantically fellates me.*
*The clumsiness gradually disappears and she skillfully switches between licking on my dick and sucking on it.*
Ushio: "Schlrp... mm, mm! Mm, mm, ah, haa..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
Ushio: "Mmm...! Mm, mm, Koga-kun... haa, haa..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
*I'm trying my best to restrain myself and stay still.*
*The stimulation is slowly becoming more and more intense.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... Ushio...!"
Ushio: "Mm...! Mmm, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Sorry!"
Ushio: "Ah! Mm, mmm!"
*I reach my limit and can't help but thrust my hips, churning up the inside of her mouth.*
Ushio: "Ahh! Ah, ahh... ah, mm, ahh! Mm, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "......!"
Ushio: "Mm... mm!"
*In spite of that, Ushio sucks harder on my dick and continues to stimulate it with her tongue.*
*I match my movements with hers, reaching the back of her throat.*
Ushio: "Mmm...! Mm, haa, mm... haa, haa...!"
*Her sticky mouth sucks on my member harder than ever before.*
*Chills run down my spine and I can't hold it back any longer.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Ushio!"
Ushio: "Huh... A-Ahh!"
*I hurriedly pull my throbbing dick out, spraying my semen all over Ushio's face.*
*Her eyes widen in surprise and she looks up at me after realizing what just happened.*
Ushio: "Ah... ah!"
*She's adorable even when she's at a loss for what to do.*
*Seeing that cute face covered in my cum, it's only natural that I'd want more.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio... More."
Ushio: "H-Huh... Umm, K-Koga-kun."
*I help her up and raise her leg while holding her tightly from behind.*
*She still seems a bit out of it and doesn't even attempt to fight back.*
Ushio: "Koga-kun...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "How are you feeling? If it's really too much, I'll stop..."
Ushio: "Umm, I... should be okay."
Mitsuyoshi: "Got it."
*She's definitely still dazed. She's so cute when she obediently nods like that.*
*I continue to support my body as I move my hand towards her pussy.*
Ushio: "Hii! A-Ahh...!"
*It's already wet, and the slightest touch is enough to make her tremble and moan.*
*I move my fingers around her slit, making lewd noises as I do so.*
*It causes her pussy to twitch several times and her juices overflow endlessly.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah, ahh...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey... Did you get turned on from licking my thing?"
Ushio: "U-Uu..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I won't understand unless you say it out loud."
*She doesn't respond clearly, either out of embarrassment or because she's still dazed.*
*However, her body reacts nicely when I move my fingers.*
*I lubricate them with her juices and proceed further inside her.*
Ushio: "Ahh, ah! Ah, ahh...! Koga-kun!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... It feels amazing inside..."
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah, mm...! Don't... say... ah!"
*Her sticky pussy tightly wraps around my fingers.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Wow... I didn't think you'd be this wet."
Ushio: "...Th-That's not my fau... ah! Ahh, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Really now? I only touched you a little bit."
Ushio: "Mm, ah! Ah... haa, haa, mm..."
*She clamps down even harder and her juices drip out when I move my fingers slightly.*
*The more I inch them in and out of her, she tighter she gets.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Ushio... Can I put it in?"
Ushio: "Ah, ah! Ahh... ah, mm..."
*It doesn't seem like she's able to respond when I'm moving my fingers.*
*So I try again, whispering into her ear after slowing down my movements.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Can I stick my thing inside you, Ushio?"
Ushio: "...Mm..."
*She trembles a bit from my voice, but she nods without saying anything while clamping down on my fingers.*
*I pull them out and rub my dick against her wet slit.*
*That's enough to make her pussy twitch and more of her juices come gushing out.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Stay still now..."
Ushio: "Ah... ah, mm!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
Ushio: "Haa, mm... ah, mmm!"
*I gradually insert my member inside her, and I feel the same tightness as I did on my fingers earlier.*
*However, the overall experience is on a whole other level.*
*Her soft, sticky insides coil around my dick, making it throb while precum seeps out from the tip.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah, mm! Mmm, mm...!"
*I monitor the situation as I fondle her breasts with one hand and gently rock my hips.*
*She looks at me worriedly, perhaps because of her unstable pose.*
Mitsuyoshi: "What's wrong?"
Ushio: "U-Umm, I'm probably going to fall at this rate... so please try not to be too rough..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm, okay. I'll take it slow."
Ushio: "Ah, ahh! Ah, ah!"
*I nod as I respond and firmly support her body before moving my hips again.*
*I inch my way in and rub my tip against her deepest parts.*
*Her insides suddenly contract, smothering my shaft with her fluids.*
Ushio: "Ah, haa... haa, ah... haa, mm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm...!"
*I embrace the sensation, thrusting my hips while changing up the angle.*
*In and out, in and out. Slowly but steadily.*
Ushio: "Hyaa! Ah... ah, so deep! Ahh, uu, ahh!"
*She shudders and tightens up when I suddenly reach deep within her.*
*Taking it slowly might not be so bad after all. It lets us savour each other's bodies.*
*I don't stop feeling her up and thrusting as I think that.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah, Koga-kun... mm! Ah... again, ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... More? Mm...!"
Ushio: "Koga-ku...n! Ahh, ah...!"
*I occasionally pinch on her nipples as I squeeze her breasts.*
*Each and every bit of stimulation makes her shiver and clamp down on my dick.*
*I'm very much enjoying the tightness, and neither my hands nor my hips stop moving.*
Ushio: "U-Umm, Koga-kun... mm...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? What's up?"
*Out of nowhere, she looks up at me shyly.*
*With each sway of her squirming body, she tightens up around my throbbing dick.*
Ushio: "Umm, could we change our position... umm..."
*She mumbles that softly and I realize that this position is quite lacking.*
*I can't help but smirk and kiss her on her ear.*
Ushio: "Hyaa! A-Ahh... Wh-What are you doing?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? I see that you're finally wanting me to go harder... and that made me really happy."
Ushio: "Wh-What are you talking about? That's not it at all! It's just that it's tiring to be in this position."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm... Is that all?"
Ushio: "Yes, so could we change..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I wonder."
Ushio: "Hyaa!!"
*I purposely give a big thrust while answering.*
*She convulses and moans loudly, squeezing down on my member.*
*The tightness makes me smile, and I continue to rock my hips wildly while supporting her body.*
Ushio: "Ahh! Ah, ahhh! Ah, no... ah, ahhn! You're... too rough... ah, ah!"
*She shakes her head furiously, but in spite of that, her whole body is trembling and accepting the pleasure.*
*Her body is honest, contrary to her complaints about being tired.*
*And on top of that, her pussy is tighter than ever, perhaps because I'm teasing her with my intense thrusts.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm...! Mm!"
Ushio: "Haa, hyaa! Ahh, ah... Koga-kun, mmm! This is, ahh! Too much, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "So I should stop then?"
Ushio: "Hii... ah!"
*I do as she stays and stop moving, staring intently at her.*
*The sudden lack of stimulation makes her revert to a restless state and she turns to look at me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It was too much for you, right?"
Ushio: "Th-That doesn't mean... you had to suddenly..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Then I can keep going?"
Ushio: "...Well, umm..."
*She looks troubled by my question.*
Ushio: "Y-You're so unfair..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll take that as a yes."
Ushio: "Huh!? Ah, ah... ahh!!"
*I resume my powerful thrusts.*
*I'm in complete control of her body, and she trembles and revels in the stimulation.*
*My tip rubs against her deepest parts over and over again.*
*She moans every time that happens, and her pussy contracts around my dick.*
Ushio: "Haa... ah! Ah, ahhh! Ah, Koga-kun... Koga-kun...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... mm! I know..."
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah, so deep... ah, ahhh... mm!"
*I vary the angle of insertion as I swing my hips.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you... more turned on than usual?"
Ushio: "O-Of course no... ah! Ahh, uu... a-ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Really? Your pussy feels amazing."
Ushio: "A-Ah...! Haa, mm, ahh...!"
*Her insides seem to be reacting to my voice as well.*
*My member throbs again inside her from the tightness.*
*Chills run down my spine and I embrace her once again.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio...!"
Ushio: "Ah... haa, haa... Koga-kun...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Any more and... I'm gonna..."
Ushio: "Ahh, ah... That's not my prob... ah, ahh!"
*With her in my arms, I thrust into her deeper than before.*
*Her legs grow unsteady, and it looks like it's taking all of her energy to even stay standing.*
*I make sure to prevent her from falling over as I reach into her deepest regions.*
Ushio: "Haa, ah! Ah, ahh... no, ahh! Th-This is, ah, ahh...! I... I'm gonna...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
*She convulses upon receiving my attack and clamps down more tightly than ever before.*
Ushio: "Ah... mm, ah... ahhhhh!!"
*I can feel her shaking in my arms.*
*Her pussy tightens up as she climaxes, and I ejaculate at the same time.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Hah... Hah..."
Ushio: "Ah... ahh...!"
*I keep hugging her until the last of my semen pours into her pussy.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ushio..."
Ushio: "Koga-kun... mm...!"
*She looks completely enraptured as she accepts all of it.*
*A smile appears on my face as I gaze at her, and her body shivers again when I kiss her on her ears and neck.*
Ushio: "Mmm...! Mm, that tickles..."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's because you're making such a cute face..."
Ushio: "I'm... not..."
Mitsuyoshi: "That part is what's so cute about you..."
*I lavish her with kisses as I say that, but at this rate, I'm going to get in the mood again... so I have to make sure I hold back.*
*Since we did it in the living room, we clean up after ourselves and Mooko puts her clothes back on.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Haaah... A naked apron really is every man's dream."
Ushio: "Uuu..."
*I bask in the satisfaction of what happened not too long ago, and she blushes in embarrassment.*
*Maybe I went a bit too far...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Ah, well... I'm sorry. I got too excited."
Ushio: "―How does something like that make you excited!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Like I said, it's every man's dream."
Ushio: "I can't understand it at all."
Mitsuyoshi: "It goes without saying that anyone would get excited seeing their girlfriend in that outfit."
Ushio: "Wha...!?"
*Her face turns red again and she's at a loss for words.*
*I don't think I said anything strange.*
Ushio: "I-Is that all that's ever on your mind...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "But it's true. Oh... I think the stew should be just about ready by now."
Ushio: "...Haaah. It should be."
Mitsuyoshi: "Let's have a taste before Michiru gets back."
*I get up and she follows suit, albeit exasperated.*
*We peer into the simmering pot and are greeted with a tasty-looking beef stew.*
*She scoops out a bit onto a saucer and hands it to me.*
Ushio: "This is just a taste test, so this is all you get."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know, I know... Mm, delish! You should try some too, Mooko."
*It's infinitely better than how I had imagined it would turn out.*
*I pass the saucer back and have her try some. Her face immediately lights up once she tastes it.*
Ushio: "...Ah, you're right."
*It might be because we worked on it together.*
*Or maybe just having her at my side was enough.*
*Enough to make this stew taste so good.*
Ushio: "It's delicious."
*She smiles at me warmly. Perhaps she's thinking the same way.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mooko."
Ushio: "Koga-kun...? What is it?"
*She looks slightly uncomfortable from my staring at her and puts the saucer down.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm, it's nothing. I'm glad it turned out well."
Ushio: "Indeed. I'm sure that Michiru-san will be pleasantly surprised."
Mitsuyoshi: "It was worth the effort we put in... though I doubt I'd be able to make it again by myself... Well, that's not important."
Ushio: "I'm sure you'll get the hang of it once you try enough times."
Ushio: "........."
Ushio: (The way we're talking... It almost feels like we're living together as a couple...)
Ushio: (Ah! What kind of absurd things am I thinking about...!? This was purely coincidence, and I'm sure he didn't have that sort of intention, nor has he realized!)
Ushio: "Oh, we should tidy up those books before Michiru-san... Huh? Koga-kun...?"
Ushio: (He's not here... He was right beside me a second ago, so where could he have...)
Ushio: "......"
Ushio: (I was getting carried away by myself... Yes, yes, I know. This happens every time.)
Ushio: (But couldn't he have at least let me indulge in the newlywed atmosphere a bit more, especially considering that he made me wear that embarrassing outfit...? Koga-kun, you jerk.)
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Mooko."
Ushio: "...What is it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I-Is it just me, or did you get mad all of a sudden?"
Ushio: "I'm not mad at all. I'm the same as always."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, I guess you're acting more or less like your usual self, but..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm..."
Ushio: "Koga-kun?"
*Did she pick up the strange aura I was emanating?*
*Her expression softens and she looks at me curiously.*
*I'm feeling more uncomfortable now, but I pull myself together and straighten my posture.*
Mitsuyoshi: "So, umm..."
Ushio: "Yes?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I was planning on telling you later, but... now sort of felt like the right time, I guess."
Ushio: "What do you mean?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Here, take a seat."
*It's not going to be a long talk, but it would be rude of me to keep her standing the entire time.*
*She takes me up on my offer and sits down.*
Mitsuyoshi: "I still don't have complete control over my own powers, and I'm sure I'm still nowhere near done with my studies."
Mitsuyoshi: "So it'll probably be a while before I leave the school."
*She stiffens up. It seems that that was enough for her to get the gist of what this conversation was going to be about.*
Ushio: "I see. The principal does occasionally lament about your lack of studying."
Mitsuyoshi: "Why that little... Anyway, this isn't about the principal."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm going to be staying at the school, but you're going to graduate and move on to university."
Ushio: "...Yes."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm asking this to make sure, but I don't plan on breaking up just because this is going to turn into a long distance thing, and neither do you, right?"
Ushio: "O-Of course not! The thought never even crossed my mind."
Mitsuyoshi: "Great. That's all I wanted to confirm."
*She looks somewhat relieved as I say that, and the tension leaves her.*
Ushio: "Mobile phones don't work at the school... so we'll have to communicate via landline..."
Ushio: "And we'd be able to meet each other on weekends only if both of our schedules happen to line up..."
*I can hear the loneliness mixed into her voice.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. We definitely won't be able to see each other as much when we're not at the same school anymore."
Ushio: "Yes... but there's nothing we can do about that..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Well, everything will be all right if I can hurry up and master my own mana."
Ushio: "It will be problematic if you take too long."
Mitsuyoshi: "Problematic for yourself too, huh?"
Ushio: "...I-I'm trying to have a serious conversation here."
Mitsuyoshi: "I know, I know... Let me see your hand."
Ushio: "My hand? Why?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Just do it."
Ushio: "Ah! I-I'll do it without you pulling on it!"
*I take her left hand and place on her ring finger something that I've been hiding in my palm.*
*It's what I had suddenly made up my mind about and rushed back to my room to get.*
Ushio: "...Huh!?"
*Her eyes are bigger than I've ever seen them before after I suddenly put the ring on her.*
*I can't help but laugh at her expression.*
*I knew that she'd be surprised, but not this surprised.*
Mitsuyoshi: "How's the size? If it's too big or too small, I can..."
Ushio: "Umm... It's perfect. There's no problem with it."
Mitsuyoshi: "Glad to hear that. I was worried since I only vaguely remembered your size."
Ushio: "Umm, Koga-kun... I-Is this..."
*She's still unsure how to interpret this gift.*
Ushio: "Is this... something for me to remember you by... since we'll be apart after I graduate?"
Mitsuyoshi: "There's that, but that's not all."
Ushio: "Not... all?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I wouldn't have had to do it here if that was the only reason."
Ushio: "Huh... U-Umm, umm...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm not saying right this instant, but..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Once I fully understand and have control of my own powers..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I want you to marry me."
*Her jaw drops upon hearing that.*
*However, she soon processes my words and blushes. She's completely flustered and her eyes wander.*
Ushio: "U-Umm, Koga-kun, umm... I-I... umm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Those are my feelings. I meant for this to be an engagement ring."
Ushio: "......"
Mitsuyoshi: "Even after you graduate and leave, my feelings towards you will never change."
Mitsuyoshi: "By the way, you don't need to be worried about my disease. Apparently I'll be able to cure myself once I know how to use my powers properly."
Mitsuyoshi: "So..."
Mitsuyoshi: "It's fine if you don't have an answer for me right now, but if you do, I'd like to hear it."
Ushio: "Umm... M-My answer is, umm..."
Ushio: "Koga-kun...! I-I... I also..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You also what? I need you to spell it out for me."
*I stare at her intently and her eyes start tearing up.*
*She looks like she could start crying any moment now, but she desperately holds it back and smiles.*
Ushio: "My feelings won't change for you either... I... want to be with you too... Koga-kun..."
*My heart is filled with warmth as she says that.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It might take a while... but will you wait for me?"
Ushio: "Yes... but please don't make me wait for too long. I... want to always be with you."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, I'll do my best."
Ushio: "I'll be looking forward to it."
*Seeing her honestly nodding at that makes me think that I'll have to give my studies 110%.*
*I can't have her wait for me until we're both old and wrinkly.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Oh, I almost forgot, Mooko."
Ushio: "Yes, what is it?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I haven't told you this yet today."
*I caress her smiling face and whisper softly to her:*
Mitsuyoshi: "...I love you more than anyone else in the world."
Ushio: "...Yes, I also... love only you."
*omake_UsioMutsuki*
Ushio: "......"
*Classes have ended for the day, and I'm heading towards the Bureau office as usual.*
*Is something going to happen today...?*
*There haven't been any Mist-related incidents recently, so it would be great if it were another peaceful day.*
*However, given that this school is as far from normal as you can get, anything's still possible.*
Ushio: "Hmm...?"
Mutsuki: "Geez! You're late, Moo-chan!"
Ushio: "Huh? Mutsuki...? This is when I normally get here. What do you mean I'm late?"
Mutsuki: "Did you forget!? Anyway, just get changed already!"
Ushio: "Huh? What? Ch-Changed? Into what?"
Mutsuki: "Come on! Hurry up!!"
*As I'm about to enter the room, Mutsuki grabs me and pulls me with her.*
*I run with her, oblivious to what exactly is going on.*
Ushio: "Wh-Where are we going, Mutsuki!?"
Mutsuki: "What are you talking about? The usual place, of course!"
Ushio: "U-Usual...?"
*It still doesn't ring any bells, and I can do nothing but blindly follow her.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Phew..."
*Koga-kun comes in through the Bureau office door.*
Mutsuki: "Welcome back, Master!"
Ushio: "W-W-Welcome... back...?"
*What in the world is happening?*
*Koga-kun is completely unfazed by all of this and looks at us as if nothing is out of the ordinary.*
Ushio: (Wh-Why!? Why was I suddenly made to put on a maid outfit!? Why does Mutsuki not think that this is strange!?)
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan, you have to greet him in a loud voice!"
Ushio: "A-A loud voice?"
Mutsuki: "That's right. Come on, one more time!"
Ushio: "U-Uu... W-Welcome back... Master..."
Mutsuki: "Geez... You're still being so shy."
Mitsuyoshi: "Thanks, you two."
*I was wondering how he'd respond.*
Ushio: (Koga-kun! Why do you have nothing to say about this situation!? This is where you're supposed to retort!)
Ushio: (And I'm being made to wear this outfit... This... This is such...!)
*It's aggravating, both the current state of affairs and Koga-kun's run-of-the-mill response.*
*And also having to call him "Master".*
*Why did things turn out this way? I have no recollection of agreeing to serve him.*
Mutsuki: "Your coffee will be ready soon, so please take a seat on the chair on the back."
Mitsuyoshi: "Great."
*He sits down in my reserved seat without any reservation.*
*It's almost as if he has always been sitting there to begin with.*
Ushio: "Ah... That's my..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm? What's wrong, Mooko?"
Ushio: "W-Well, it's just that that seat... is..."
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan, I'll massage Master's shoulders, so go prepare the coffee!"
Ushio: "Huh!? M-Me!?"
*I have no idea why the two of us have to do either of those tasks.*
*As I'm staring at her blankly, Mutsuki starts rubbing Koga-kun's shoulders and frowns at me.*
Mutsuki: "That's right. Now get to it... You know how to brew coffee, don't you?"
Ushio: "Y-Yes, but, umm..."
Mutsuki: "I'll leave that to you, then."
Ushio: "Huh... Ah... O-Okay..."
*She continues her massage while barking orders at me.*
*I stare at her, confused, and I get in response a glare that tells me to hurry.*
Ushio: (Why do I have to... But if Mutsuki says so, then there must be some very, very special reason...)
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan, what's wrong? Go make the coffee."
Mitsuyoshi: "Are you not going to make it for me?"
Ushio: "I understand. Coffee... B-Black, right?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah. You sure know my tastes well."
Ushio: "What do you mean, tastes? Don't you always drink it black, Koga-kun?"
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan! Mas-ter! Why are you being so rude to him!? He's our master!"
Ushio: "Huh... Ah, o-okay..."
Mitsuyoshi: "A little doesn't bother me."
Mutsuki: "You can't be like that, Master. It's important to draw the line."
Ushio: "U-Uu..."
Mutsuki: "Anyway, you take care of that, Moo-chan, and I'll bring out the snacks once I'm done with the shoulder massage!"
*I begrudgingly go brew the coffee.*
*Before Murakumo-kun joined, I did all of this myself, so of course I know how to do it, but...*
Ushio: "M-Master... Your coffee is served..."
*―I place the cup of coffee on top of a saucer and carry it out on a tray.*
*This is something brand new to me.*
Ushio: "U-Uuu..."
Ushio: (It's completely different from just holding onto a cup... Every slight movement of my hands gets amplified...!)
*On top of that, there's the question of why I'm forced to wear this outfit, and why I have to call Koga-kun "Master".*
*All I'm doing is bringing him coffee.*
*I feel conflicted and ashamed, which puts me in a complicated mental state.*
Mutsuki: "Are you all right, Moo-chan? Do you want me to help?"
Ushio: "I-I'm fine. D-Don't talk to me... o-or else my concentration will break..."
Mutsuki: "O-Okay... Got it..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey now, be careful! You're way too nervous, Mooko."
Ushio: "E-Even if you say that... umm..."
*Koga-kun calls out to me while I'm nervously carrying the coffee.*
*When I think about how he's worrying about me, some of that nervousness...*
Mitsuyoshi: "You're not good at tasks like this, so just let Hanatate help."
Ushio: "Wh-What is that supposed to mean!? Are you implying that I'm incompetent!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "What are you getting so angry for? I'm not lying."
Ushio: "I-I-I-I-I'm totally fine!! Koga-ku... no, M-Master, please stay seated!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure about that?"
Ushio: "Y-Yes... I'm almost there... Ah...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Owwwwww!!!!"
Mutsuki: "Hyaa!! Moo-chan! Master!!"
Ushio: "A-Ahhhh!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oww! It burns!!!"
Ushio: "I-I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Koga-kun! Wh-What do I do? Ahh, ahh...!"
Mutsuki: "This is bad! Master's pants are soaked!"
Ushio: "Wh-What!? W-We should take them off before he gets burned...!"
Mutsuki: "You're right! Let's do that right now!"
*The crotch area of his pants has been very clearly darkened by the coffee.*
*I'm terrified that Koga-kun is going to be injured because of my blunder.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Huh!? Wait, h-hold on, I don't think that's a good idea!"
Ushio: "What are you saying!? Things are only going to get worse if you don't take them off!"
Mutsuki: "That's right! Quickly, Master!"
Mitsuyoshi: "O-Oh, fine..."
*The liquid had seeped through to his underwear as well, so we ended up removing all of it.*
*It's better than him getting burned...*
Mutsuki: "Whoa..."
Ushio: "......! M-Mutsuki, don't look!"
Mutsuki: "Huh? But... I can't clean him otherwise. And are you saying that it's okay for you to look?"
*I've already seen it several times before... but I obviously can't tell her that.*
*For now, I'll have to make up some sort of excuse.*
Ushio: "I'll wipe him off, so it's okay for me!"
Mitsuyoshi: "No, no! At least let me handle it myself!"
*He looks troubled as I go to fetch a towel.*
*Seeing him like that makes me want to tease him.*
*I've always been on the receiving end of it, so nobody can blame me for wanting to give him his just deserts.*
Ushio: "No! It was my fault, so I will do it."
Mitsuyoshi: "But you..."
Ushio: "Please stay still. I'll use this towel to..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Fine, go for it."
*I'm surprised how easily he gave in; I thought he'd be more insistent.*
*I don't want this to be exposed to Mutsuki for too long, so his compliance helps.*
*However, as I'm about to press the towel against it, Koga-kun takes the upper hand again.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...But with your tongue instead of the towel."
Ushio: "Huh!?"
*I raise my head and see him looking at me with a slight smirk.*
*It's because I spilled the coffee... or perhaps he noticed that I wanted to tease him...*
*Regardless, there's no way I can do something like that.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Did you not hear me? Lick off the coffee with your tongue."
Ushio: "I responded the way I did because I heard you the first time! There's no way I can do something like that! Fine, go wipe yourself off!"
*I impulsively throw the towel at him.*
Mutsuki: "You don't want to do it, Moo-chan?"
Ushio: "Wh-What?"
Mutsuki: "I'll do it instead then. They're Master's orders after all."
*She says that with a smile on her face as if there's nothing at all strange about it.*
Ushio: "Huh!? Whaaaat!? N-Nooo! You can't do something like that!"
Mutsuki: "But it's what Master wants."
Ushio: "Even so, there are things that you can and cannot do! And this is one of those latter ones!"
Mutsuki: "But we're Master's maids, and it's our duty to follow his orders, no?"
Mutsuki: "It'll be fine! Don't worry about it! I'll do it in your stead if it's too much for you!"
Ushio: "It's not fine at all! I can't make you do something like that, so I'll do it by myself!"
Mutsuki: "Huh? You will? I thought you didn't want to."
Ushio: "I-I... I..."
*I throw desperate glances at Koga-kun, hoping for any sort of help, but all he does is continue to smirk without saying a word.*
Ushio: (Guh... Koga-kun, you jerk...! How cowardly, using Mutsuki as bait! You're the worst!)
Mutsuki: "You don't have to force yourself if you don't want to do it! I'm totally fine with taking your place!"
Ushio: "...I want to..."
Mutsuki: "R-Really...? Are you sure...?"
Ushio: "Yes, I'll be fine! Please stand back! I will take care of it!"
*I have the stubbornly insistent Mutsuki move aside, take a step towards Koga-kun, and stare at his genitals.*
*When I look up, I still see his mischievous face staring back at me.*
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, Mooko. Do your best. With your tongue."
Ushio: "I-I know! ...Mm!"
*I slowly open my mouth and extend my tongue to start licking.*
*The sharp taste of coffee instantly fills my mouth.*
Ushio: "I-It's bitter..."
Mitsuyoshi: "That's it? The coffee's never going to come off at this rate."
Ushio: "I-I know that... mm, mm..."
*I move my tongue towards him again and lick the area near the base.*
*The bitterness grows stronger with each movement of my tongue and it's unbearable.*
*I can't imagine how he thinks that something like this tastes good.*
Ushio: "Mm, mm... mm..."
*Also, I get the feeling that his member is getting hotter and harder the more I lick it...*
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan, you look like you're in so much pain. How about we just do it together?"
Ushio: "Huh? Umm... You don't have to, really..."
Mutsuki: "Why not? It'd be faster with two people."
Ushio: "B-But, umm... Mutsuki, you're..."
Mutsuki: "It's fine. Let me help... mm!"
Ushio: "...Ah!"
*Ignoring my pleas, Mutsuki sticks out her tongue and starts licking Koga-kun's privates as well.*
*She doesn't seem bothered by the act or the bitter taste of coffee.*
Mutsuki: "Mm... mmm, mm... mm, schlrp..."
Ushio: "M-Mutsuki... As I said, you can't do something like this...!"
Mutsuki: "Haa, mm... See? I'm totally fine. Mm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm, you're good at this, Hanatate."
Mutsuki: "Mm... mm, anything to make you happy, Master... haa, haa... mm!"
Ushio: (Koga-kun...! H-How could you have Mutsuki make that sort of face...!)
Ushio: "......! I-I'll do it too!"
*There's no way I can make her do it by herself.*
*I move my face closer to his thing and start licking it again.*
*It still tastes as bitter as it did before, but if Mutsuki is doing this, I can't just sit idly and watch.*
Ushio: "Mm... mm! Mm, haa... haa..."
Mutsuki: "Mm, mmm...! Schlrp, schlrp, mm..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... Both of you, mm... more..."
Mutsuki: "Got it, Master... mm, mm!"
Ushio: "Mmm... O-Okay..."
*I wish I could do it as easily as her, but the bitterness isn't going away, so I can only do it a little at a time.*
*In spite of that, I persist and occasionally move my face to switch to another part of his member.*
Ushio: "Haa, mmm... mm, mm, schlrp..."
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
Ushio: "Ah! D-Did that hurt?"
*Koga-kun suddenly twitches and cries out loud.*
*I ask him timidly and look up at him in surprise, only for him to pet my head while smiling.*
Ushio: "Ah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm all right. It feels good, so keep going."
Ushio: "O-Okay. Like this... right...?"
Mutsuki: "Master... I want to know too how to make you feel good."
Ushio: "Y-You're already doing plenty well, Mutsuki..."
Mutsuki: "Huh? Really? But I'm sure I can do better with you by my side."
Mitsuyoshi: "In that case, Mooko, you lick the bottom of the tip, and Hanatate can try licking the whole thing starting from the bottom like it's a popsicle."
Ushio: "A-All right. The tip it is."
Mutsuki: "And I'm going slowly from the bottom."
*Does Koga-kun like this sort of thing? As I'm pondering that and looking at his tip, I suddenly realize.*
*His request has already deviated from cleaning up the coffee on his genitals.*
*That's the feeling I'm getting, but...*
*I'm not alone right now. I should challenge this.*
Ushio: "...Umm."
Mutsuki: "What's wrong, Moo-chan?"
Ushio: "Well, you see... I'm under the impression that the ends and means have been swapped. It would be one thing if it were just me, but getting Mutsuki involved is..."
*I can't tell if Koga-kun is listening or not, but he simply grins and says:*
Mitsuyoshi: "If you may."
Mutsuki: "I'll do my best, Master... haa, mm... mm!"
Ushio: "M-Mutsuki! Wait a minute! Koga-kun, please stop her!"
Mutsuki: "Mm... Moo-chan, you're not going to do it?"
Ushio: "...Uu, I... That's..."
Mitsuyoshi: "You don't have to if you're really against it."
Ushio: "I'm against it, but not to that extent! Fine! I just have to do it, right!?"
*Half giving up, I do as he asks.*
Ushio: "Mmm...! Mm, Schlrp... schlrp, mm, mm..."
*The taste of coffee is finally gone.*
*I move my tongue around, licking all over the tip, and stimulate the base of it with kisses.*
Ushio: "Haa, mm, mmm... mm, it's... bitter again..."
*Even though the coffee was cleaned up, another strong-tasting fluid is flowing out from the tip.*
*I proceed to frantically lick that up as well, thinking of it as another one of my "duties".*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... mm, mmm... mm, mm..."
Mutsuki: "Schlrp... mm, mm... Master, does it feel good?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Yeah, you're both doing well."
*He praises us while petting our heads again.*
*That's enough to make me feel slightly happier and I do my best to work at the tip again.*
*His shaft twitches and throbs, and more of the bitter fluid leaks out from it.*
Ushio: "Haa, mm... mm, all of it... mm, mm..."
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan, I'll work hard too... haa, mm, mm, schlrp...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... ah!"
*I lick his tip, scooping up any of the bitter fluid that comes, while she tackles the base.*
*I'm close enough to her euphoric face for us to feel each other's breaths, mixed together with Koga-kun's almost stifling smell.*
Ushio: "Haa... ah, mm, mm...! Haa, mm..."
Mutsuki: "Ah, mm... mm, ahh... mm, schlrp... schlrp..."
*The situation is strange no matter how I look at it, but Mutsuki's expression and this stench make me feel faint.*
*And I'm delighted by the fact that Koga-kun's body reacts when I do this for him...*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... haa, mmm! Mm, schlrp... mm, haa, ahhn!"
Mutsuki: "Mm, mmm...! Mm, schlrp, schlrp... haa, haan!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... Mooko, Hanatate...!"
*His breathing grows rough and his member throbs uncontrollably.*
Mitsuyoshi: "You two... I'm...!"
Ushio: "Huh..."
*His member lurches.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm!"
Ushio: "...Hii, ahh!"
Mutsuki: "Kyaa!"
*The next moment, the thing before me sprays semen all over our faces.*
Ushio: "Ah... ahh..."
Mutsuki: "Ahh..."
Ushio: "Wh-What are you doing!? Myself aside, how could you dirty Mutsuki with this stuff!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "You didn't have to say it like that..."
Ushio: "Ahh... Are you okay, Mutsuki? I'll get something to wipe it off."
Mutsuki: "Hehehe, we're both sticky... We match."
*She gives an innocent smile, paying no heed to my concern.*
Ushio: "Y-You should care more about this!"
Mutsuki: "What's the matter, Moo-chan?"
Ushio: "Just take a look at what's happening... Geez..."
*I take the towel that I had originally brought to wipe off the coffee and use it to clean up her face.*
*She then takes out her handkerchief from her pocket and uses that to wipe mine.*
Ushio: "At any rate, there's no more coffee left, so Koga... I mean, Master, please put on your pants now."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, well, umm..."
*His response irks me.*
*I have a bad premonition.*
*Like he's about to say something outrageous again...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Sorry, you two, but..."
Mutsuki: "What's wrong, Master?"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm still feeling kinda horny..."
Ushio: "Wh-What!?"
*I honestly cannot follow the things that this man says.*
*And he's saying that as if it were something reasonable...*
Mitsuyoshi: "It won't go down, so could I ask one of you to do it with me?"
Ushio: "Huh!? By 'do it', you couldn't possibly mean..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Isn't it obvious? Do I need to spell it out for you?"
Ushio: "No, thank you! Don't be ridiculous!"
Mutsuki: "I understand, Master. This is one of a maid's duties as well... Please do whatever you want with me."
Ushio: "Whaaaaat!? Mutsuki!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Great. Thanks, Hanatate."
Mitsuyoshi: "Put your hands on the desk and point your ass towards me."
Mutsuki: "Okay~"
*And so, Mutsuki responds and follows his instructions like it's the most natural thing in the world.*
Ushio: "N-N-N-N-o! You can't do this! Koga-kun! Enough already!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What? You don't look like you're in the mood, so what's wrong with asking Hanatate?"
Ushio: "Everything!! Mutsuki is my best friend! I can't let her do something like this!"
Mutsuki: "I'm fine with it though. It's part of a maid's job."
Ushio: "That understanding is incorrect! And this isn't a job! Koga-kun! Will you please stop her!?"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hmm, but... This guy down here's too excited and won't calm down."
Ushio: "Geez! Fine! I get it! I'll do it then!"
*I rush to Mutsuki's side and, as embarrassing as it is, point my behind in Koga-kun's direction.*
Ushio: "Th-This is good enough for you, isn't it!? Now don't get Mutsuki involved any further!"
Mutsuki: "Are you worried about me, Moo-chan? I'm totally fine. You don't have to force yourself."
Mitsuyoshi: "She's right. You shouldn't push yourself if you don't want to do it."
Ushio: "Argh, for crying out loud!! It's not that I don't want to do it! I'm not pushing myself!!"
Mutsuki: "R-Really? Are you sure?"
Ushio: "Yes... I'm positive... So please, don't make Mutsuki..."
*I don't want her to experience this, and I don't want Koga-kun doing it with her either.*
*There's no other way out of this.*
*I desperately suppress my sense of shame and tell Koga-kun:*
Ushio: "P-Please do whatever you want with me..."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right. If you insist so much, I'll take you up on your offer."
*He then begins to stroke my extended behind.*
Ushio: "........."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hmm, I guess I'll stick with this for today."
Ushio: "Huh...?"
Ushio: "Huh? What? Ahh!"
*He mumbles something and tears my stockings with no effort at all.*
*He then shifts my underwear to the side and gently inserts his fingers into my slit.*
Ushio: "Ahh! Ah, ahhh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... You're already wet, Mooko. Is this because you were licking my dick?"
Ushio: "Ah, no... ah, ah! D-Don't say that... ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "There's no need to be ashamed. That's part of what makes you so cute."
Ushio: "Haa... hyaa! A-Ahh...!"
*Small motions of his fingers are enough to make my whole body tremble.*
*I'm about ready to die from the embarrassment, and yet here I am, reacting sensitively to his fingers.*
Mitsuyoshi: "If you're this wet, it should be fine... Let's do this."
Ushio: "...Ah! Ah, mmm!!"
*After pulling his fingers out, Koga-kun inserts his member into me without any reservation.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm... Mooko...!"
Ushio: "Haa, ah... ah, ah, ahh...!"
Mutsuki: "Wow, Moo-chan. Master's whole thing went in."
Ushio: "A-Ahhh... No, Mutsuki... Don't look... at me...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh? Do you get more turned on when you're being watched?"
Ushio: "Wh-What are you talking abo... haa, hyaa!!"
*Before I can finish my sentence, he rocks his hips and thrusts into me.*
*My body shakes back and forth, over and over again. I can feel something hard reaching deep within me, heating up my insides.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah! Ah, ahhh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko... haa..."
Ushio: "Ahh, ah! Ah, ahh, it's... so deep, ahh!"
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan, you look so cute..."
Ushio: "No, Mutsuki... Don't! Not when... ahh! Ah, ahh!"
*She's watching me while I'm in this pitiful state...*
*I'm completely at Koga-kun's mercy and unable to resist.*
*On top of that, his thing that's reaching deep inside me is making my body burn up. Even though I should be unbelievably embarrassed, I'm deriving pleasure from this.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm...! You tightened up again."
Ushio: "A...gain! Don't... ah, ah, uu! Don't... say that!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You're still clamping down pretty hard... in spite of how much you supposedly hate it."
Ushio: "Ahhh! Ah, ahh! No, don't... You bully, ah! Ah!"
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan... That looks like it feels really good..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Hanatate, you want in on this too?"
Mutsuki: "Huh!? A-Ahh!"
Mutsuki: "Ah, ahh...! Ah, Master, your fingers...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mmm...? You want to feel good too, don't you?"
Mutsuki: "Ahh, ah! Ah, ahh... Together... with Moo-chan... ah, mm!"
Ushio: "Hii... uu, ahh! Ah, ah...! What...!? Ah, ah!"
*My body won't stop trembling from his constant thrusts.*
*My insides feel hot; any more of this pleasure and I'm going to go insane.*
Mutsuki: "Master... ahh, ahh! Ah, ah, it feels so good... hyaa!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... You're being honest. Good girl..."
Ushio: "Ah, ahh! Wh-What are you doing... to Mutsuki!? Ah, ah!"
Mutsuki: "Moo-chan... Moo-chan and I both... ahh!"
*Before I know it, Mutsuki is also moaning loudly.*
*Seeing her disheveled appearance and flushed cheeks only makes me feel even more dazed.*
*Koga-kun is not getting any less intense and his hard shaft reaches deep into me over and over...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko... Do you want more?"
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah, ah! This is already too much... ahh... haa, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay, more it is...!"
*He says that softly and starts swinging his hips faster.*
*He's moving his hot member as if he were trying to scour my insides with it.*
*I can feel it throbbing inside of me all the while.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Mooko, just a bit more..."
Ushio: "Mm, ahhh! Ah, ahh! It's so deep... ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Feel free to cum anytime."
*He says that as if he's able to read my mind, and he thrusts more deeply than he ever has before.*
*The intensity of it all pushes me to my limit and renders me helpless.*
Ushio: "N-No more...! This is, ah, ah! This is too... I... I'm gonna...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'm also... almost...!"
Mutsuki: "Ah, ahh! Ahh, ah! Master... ah, Moo-chan! Ah, m-me too...!"
*A torrent of pleasure rushes through my body when he thrusts deep inside, and I convulse again.*
Ushio: "Ah, ahh... ahhhhh...!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Mooko!"
Mutsuki: "Ahh, ah! A-Ahhh...!!"
*I instantly climax, moaning loudly.*
*At the same time, Koga-kun's member inside me throbs, filling me with his hot seed.*
Mutsuki: "Ahh, Hah... Hah..."
Ushio: "Ah... ahh..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hah... Hah..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Ahh... That felt amazing, Mooko."
Ushio: "Mmm...! Ah, that's..."
*Seemingly satisfied, he pulls his shaft out and caresses my behind.*
*My body is still sensitive and trembles from that, and the seed inside me comes gushing out now that the stopper is gone.*
Ushio: "Hah... Hah..."
*It's a nice sensation, though. I sort of want to remain in this entranced state forever...*
*This is the only time that the thought of Mutsuki escapes my mind.*
Mutsuki: "Hah... Master... My body feels weird... It's all tingly..."
Mitsuyoshi: "All right, could you stay still and relax for me?"
Mutsuki: "Okay... Like this...?"
Ushio: "...Huh...? Mutsuki...?"
Mitsuyoshi: "Haa... mm!"
Mutsuki: "Mmm...! Mm, Master...!"
Ushio: "Huh!? A-Ah!"
*While I'm still dazed, Koga-kun tries to insert his member into Mutsuki.*
*She's shaking her hips, and her tense but happy expression is saying that she wants it...*
*This instantly brings me back to my senses, and I desperately try to wake my body up, but because of the afterglow from before, it won't move like I want it to.*
Ushio: "N-No! You can't do that! No! You're cheating on me! Scumbag! And you're doing this to Mutsuki of all people!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, you haven't had enough either, Mooko?"
Ushio: "Hii! Ah, ahh!!"
*In spite of my frantic appeal, something seems to have gone off in Koga-kun's head. He suddenly shoves his fingers into me.*
*Lewd sounds resound when he moves them and my body reacts sensitively.*
Ushio: "Ah, ahh! A-Ahh...! N-No... ah, ahhn! This isn't what I... hyaan!"
Mitsuyoshi: "You sure seem to be enjoying it though."
Ushio: "Haa, ah... haa, haa...!"
*His fingers loudly churn up the semen he released inside of me.*
*They search and attack all of my sensitive parts, and I can't help but moan.*
Mitsuyoshi: "It's all gooey inside since I just came."
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah, ah! No! No... Th-This is... all your fault...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Which is why I'm taking responsibility and making you feel even better."
Ushio: "Ahhh! Haa, ahhn...! Mm, ah..."
*He inserts his fingers deep inside me again.*
*They move around separately within me, giving me a different stimulation every time they make contact.*
Mutsuki: "Master..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Oh, sorry for making you wait. I'll make you feel good, too."
Mutsuki: "Mmm! Mm... haa, ah...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... This is a bit tight. You doing okay?"
Mutsuki: "I-I'm fine... haa, haa..."
*As he uses his fingers to play with me, he puts his thing into Mutsuki.*
*It seems that this is her first time, and yet... it's being taken like this...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Don't force yourself."
Mutsuki: "It's okay... mm, Moo-chan's here with me too..."
Ushio: "Mutsuki, no... ah, ah! Hyaa, ahh, ahh!"
*She looks at me with a pained expression on her face.*
*Koga-kun puts his fingers into motion again when I notice that.*
*I can't even respond to her. All I can do is moan and shudder from the stimulation.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... mmm..."
Mutsuki: "Master... ah, mm! Mm...!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Let me know if it's too much for you and I'll stop."
Mutsuki: "I-I'm fine. I can keep going."
Mitsuyoshi: "Okay then."
Ushio: "Ah, ah! That's... ah, mm!"
*His member goes in and out of her repeatedly.*
*He moves slowly out of consideration for her, and she lets out a sweet voice that I've never heard from her before as she seemingly grows accustomed to the sensation.*
Mutsuki: "Haa... haa, ah...! Ah, ahh!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm! It's... getting smoother."
Mutsuki: "Mm, ahh! Ah, this is... a first for me... ah! It feels so good...!"
Ushio: "Koga-ku... mm! Ahh, ah, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "I'll make sure you feel good too, Mooko... Here."
Ushio: "Hyaa! Ah, ahh, ahhn!"
*We shouldn't be doing something like this, but he moves his fingers every time I'm about to say something, cutting me off.*
Mutsuki: "Haa, haa... ah, ahh..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hanatate... It's gotten a lot better..."
Mutsuki: "Mm... It feels good... for me too, ah, ah! So you can move however you want..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Got it. Then without further ado..."
Mutsuki: "Haa, hyaa! Ah, ahh!"
*He starts moving his hips more vigorously after hearing Mutsuki's words.*
*Contrary to my wishes, my body can't help but respond to the dirty noises coming from where those two are connected.*
Ushio: "Mutsuki... ah, ah! This is, ah!"
Mutsuki: "Ah, ahhh! Master, Moo-chan... ah, mm!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm... Your pussy... feels amazing, Hanatate..."
Mutsuki: "Haa, haa... I'm so glad...! Mm, ah, ahh!"
*My entire body trembles as I watch Koga-kun thrust into Mutsuki while his fingers churn up my insides.*
*She also starts shivering in time with his movements.*
*I'm being deluded into thinking that he's penetrating both of us at the same time.*
Ushio: "Haa, haa... ah! Ah, ahh! Any more and... ah! Ahh!"
Mutsuki: "Mm, ahh! Ah, me too... I'm gonna... ah, ahh!"
*We both shudder and shake our heads.*
*Seeing that, Koga-kun increases the intensity of his finger's movements.*
*He also starts making larger swings of his hips.*
Mutsuki: "Ah, ahhh! No... I'm gonna... ah! Ahhh!"
Ushio: "Koga-kun...! Mm, ahh! Ah, again... I'm... ahhhh!!!"
*My body convulses.*
*I climax once again, unable to withstand it.*
*The same happens to Mutsuki, and the energy drains out from her body immediately after.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Mm! Crap... I'm...!"
*Koga-kun's body jolts a few seconds after us.*
*Realizing that he's about to ejaculate inside Mutsuki, I desperately raise my voice.*
Ushio: "N-N-No! Not that! Anything but that!! Please, Koga-kun, I'm begging you! Don't!"
Mitsuyoshi: "...Geez, I don't have a choice, do I? Fine."
Ushio: "Ah! Hyaa!"
*Right as he's on the verge of ejaculating, he removes his shaft from Mutsuki and puts it into me.*
*I instantly shudder from the burning hot and sticky sensation.*
*He grabs hold of my hips and thrusts violently.*
Ushio: "Ahh! Ahh, ahh! Mm, ah!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Mm...! I'm cumming inside you, Mooko...!"
Ushio: "Ahh, ah! Ah, hyaa... ah, it feels so good... ah, ahhn!"
*His member pierces deep into me, overwriting any of the remaining afterglow.*
*He's moving my body however he wants, lavishing me with endless waves of ecstasy.*
*It takes everything I have to keep up, rendering me completely powerless. My body simply sways to and fro.*
Mitsuyoshi: "Mooko... mm! Cumming...!"
Ushio: "Ah, ahh! Ah, ahh, mmm, mm, ahhhn!"
*I can feel his thing throb inside me.*
Ushio: "...Mm, ahhhhh!"
*His hot seed pours into me again the moment his member thrusts all the way inside.*
Mitsuyoshi: "...Hah, Hah..."
Ushio: "Ahh... ah... again...! Ah, your hot stuff..."
*Even though he came inside, it overflows from my privates, unable to be contained.*
*The warm liquid slowly trickles down my thighs...*
Mutsuki: "Isn't that great, Moo-chan...? He came lots inside of you... It means that Master felt really good."
Ushio: "Hah, ahh... It's... flowing out... ahh... ah..."
Ushio: "Ahh...!"
Ushio: "H-Huh...?"
*Glancing around at my surroundings, I find that I'm in the familiar Bureau office.*
*I must've accidentally dozed off again.*
Ushio: "Haah...... Ah..."
Ushio: "......!!!!"
*What was that dream...!?*
*It's one thing if it were only myself, but Mutsuki was there as well...!!*
Mutsuki: "Oh, Moo-chan. There you are."
Ushio: "Mutsuki!! I'm so sorry, Mutsuki!"
Mutsuki: "Huh? What? Did something happen?"
Ushio: "I just had a terrible dream! I'm really sorry!"
Mutsuki: "Huh? A dream?"
Ushio: "I got someone so precious to me involved... I'm the worst, uu..."
Mutsuki: "Umm... I'm not sure what's going on, but cheer up, okay?"
Ushio: "Uu... Mutsuki..."
Mitsuyoshi: "Hey, Hanatate, did you find Mooko...? Oh, you did."
Mutsuki: "Yeah, looks like she was here in the Bureau office."
Ushio: "......!!"
*Anger quickly wells up within me when Koga-kun coolly walks into the room.*
*The last remaining bit of reason I have tells me that it's unfair of me to do this, but...*
Mitsuyoshi: "Geez, we were worried about you since we couldn't find you in your room."
Ushio: "I-It's all your fault!!!"
Mitsuyoshi: "What!? I just got here!"
Ushio: "It's all your fault! Everything!! Because you wouldn't stop! And you kept saying things to encourage it!"
Mitsuyoshi: "Where the heck did this come from? I haven't done anything!"
Ushio: "Shut up! Everything is your fault, Koga-kun! Everything!!!"
*review*
Maya: "'A Clockwork Ley-Line' is complete! Thank you very much for playing! Look forward to our next work!"
Soara: "M-Maya-chan! It's not over yet! This is the recap corner! It's the first thing that people are going to read!"
Maya: "What, really!? But everyone's left for the hot springs to celebrate the completion of the story..."
Soara: "Yeah... I-I'm sure this is the last thing on the list and they left it to us!"
Maya: "I see... Well then, let's do our best! Beginning with introductions!"
Maya: "This is Maya's~"
Soara: "And Soara's~"
"'A Clockwork Ley-Line' Summary Corner!"
Maya: "Tada! The summary corner this time is brought to you by me, Koga's trusty classmate, Kurodani Maya! And..."
Soara: "Yoshida Soara!"
Soara: "Phew. What should we do, Maya-chan? I know that everyone's gone, but it's nerve-wracking to be left with such a big responsibility."
Maya: "You said it. After all, something huge happened in the main story to the two who did this corner last time, Karasuma and the principal."
Soara: "U-Uuu."
Maya: "Which means that us being here is a flag...! Those who are tasked with this will play a huge role in the story... maybe!"
Soara: "'Maybe'? But we already know what happens since the story's done..."
Maya: "Now, now, don't sweat the details! At the very least... we can dream of having an amazing role!"
Soara: "Huh!? A-An amazing role... What would be good...? I'd like one where I don't have to deal with anything scary..."
Maya: "But the ones that do tend to have more screentime."
Soara: "Whaaat~!? No~ I'm fine with not appearing as much~"
Soara: "M-More importantly, the recap, Maya-chan! We have to do our job properly!"
Maya: "Oh, right. This corner will quickly go over what happened in both 'The Borderline of Dusk' and 'Daybreak of Remnants Shadow'."
Soara: "This will be full of spoilers if you haven't played them yet. You have been warned."
Maya: "Now then. Our protagonist, Koga Mitsuyoshi, arrived at this here Libra Lapis Lazuli Academy after receiving a prospectus with a strange message attached!"
Soara: "The school was searching for 'Magie': people who possess vast amounts of mana and special powers."
Soara: "However, the one who received the message was not Koga-kun, but rather his younger sister..."
Maya: "In other words, his sister is a Magie."
Soara: "Koga-kun came in her stead because he was worried."
Maya: "What a risky move... I never knew he had a sister complex~"
Soara: "Upon arriving at this school, Koga-kun accidentally broke the statue in the courtyard in order to save his classmate Karasuma Kotaro..."
Maya: "Believe it or not, that statue was an object that sealed 'Mists': magical items that are stored at the school!"
Soara: "As punishment, the two were assigned to the Bureau for the Investigation of Special Affairs to resolve the problems that those Mists would cause."
Maya: "It's called the Bureau for short! That's when they met Shishigatani Ushio, an upperclassman who was running it by herself up until then."
Soara: "And so, the three of them strengthened their bonds with each other while resolving various incidents that arose!"
Maya: "Libra Lapis Lazuli Academy has a huge secret, so we should explain that as well."
Maya: "This isn't just a school that stores magical items... When night falls, it uses magic to connect with another world!"
Soara: "Students from that world, the Realm of Night, attend our school during that time."
Maya: "In order to protect that secret, the Disciplinary Committee is responsible for making sure all of us regular students are back in our dorms once classes end."
Soara: "However, the members of the Bureau are privy to this information, and also accept requests from the Night students."
Maya: "They get special treatment, huh? I'm jealous."
Soara: "But they have to deal with all sorts of scary things..."
Maya: "Yeah, like being handcuffed together... getting trapped in another world... having all-you-can-eat barbeque in their dreams... All sorts of things...!"
Soara: "Barbeque...!?"
Maya: "Meanwhile, even though they started off on bad terms, Shishigatani-senpai and Koga slowly became more accepting of each other."
Soara: "Yep, it's great that they're getting along now."
Maya: "Yay! The Bureau got more members! Former Disciplinary Committee member Murakumo Shizuka joined their ranks at some point!"
Soara: "Mibu Tsubaki-senpai and Murakumo-senpai's sister aren't part of the Bureau, but they're always helping out."
Maya: "After all that's happened, the school hasn't found out that Koga's been borrowing his sister's name, and his school life has been smooth sailing."
Soara: "I'm not sure 'smooth sailing' is the right term to use..."
Maya: "Well, I guess things aren't going so smoothly for Shishigatani-senpai. She actually came here to search for her missing friend."
Soara: "She transferred schools just for that. Her friend must've been extremely important to her."
Maya: "She looked everywhere, but couldn't find any clues... She was stuck at this roadblock when..."
Maya: "Bam! Suddenly, new characters appeared!"
Soara: "Adelheid-san and her butler, who are from Germany."
Maya: "They came in order to reclaim something that was left inside a magical tool that their family, a prestigious line of magicians, donated to the school."
Soara: "If I remember correctly, it belonged to Adelheid-san's grandmother."
Maya: "But humans are unable to enter the treasury where Mists are stored, so they had no choice but to wait until it appeared."
Soara: "During that time, they did a lot of investigation into the mysterious Realm of Night."
Soara: "And then... they discovered a grave truth."
Maya: "At the same time, the members of the Bureau inadvertently noticed that the school was covering up the details about a fire that happened here 20 years ago."
Soara: "They worked together and uncovered the school's dastardly scheme."
Soara: "The students from the Realm of Night were actually students that died in that fire 20 years ago!"
Maya: "And the bodies of the students living in the west dorm were being used to house their souls!"
Soara: "We live in the east dorm so we weren't affected... but a bunch of our classmates are in the west dorm, huh..."
Maya: "Yeah. Every morning, the spell would end and they would return to normal... but the school's aim was to revive the Night students."
Soara: "By sacrificing the students in the west dorm..."
Maya: "Yes. They were planning on making this switch permanent."
Soara: "Koga-kun and the Bureau members frantically tried to put a stop to this, cooperating with Adelheid-san and her butler, who thought that this shouldn't be allowed."
Soara: "And so, they finally managed to destroy the magic circle that was summoning the Realm of Night!"
Maya: "The school had prepared some emergency measures, but Koga and the others worked together and managed to win... However..."
Maya: "At the very end, Karasuma depleted his mana and collapsed."
Soara: "He said he remembered that he was a student from 20 years ago. He was revived and sent to live among the day students as a test run."
Maya: "He disappeared in order to save the original owner of the body he was inhabiting."
Soara: "That person was Hanatate Mutsuki... Shishigatani-senpai's precious friend..."
Maya: "Everyone was depressed that Karasuma was gone, but then Shishigatani-senpai realized something."
Maya: "There was a possibility that the Night students weren't actually dead...!"
Soara: "In order to rescue them, Koga-kun and the others went to investigate the fire!"
Maya: "In the meantime, the principal, who everyone thought had fled... was secretly working to restart the school's plan..."
Maya: "And that's the end of our super quick recap! Without further ado, you can read what happens next!"
Soara: "Please enjoy 'A Clockwork Ley-Line: Flowers Falling in the Morning Mist'! I'll be sure to do my best!"