Girl: ...I need to go now.
Boy: Okay, take care.
Girl: Hic...
Boy: Hey, don't cry. I told you, didn't I? No tears today.
Girl: But...
Boy: Man, you're really hopeless... Hold on.
Girl: Huh?
Boy: Haaah... Haaah...
Boy: Look, here.
Girl: What... is that?
Boy: Something real important to me.
Girl: And you're giving it to me?
Boy: Yep! As long as you have this, you can fly wherever you want!
Girl: I can... fly?
Boy: So, if you're ever in any trouble and need help...
Boy: ...hold this thing tight, look up to the sky, and make a wish.
Girl: Make a wish to the sky?
Boy: If you do that, I'll come flying right over to save you!
Girl: R-Really?
Boy: Yeah, I promise! I mean, the sky's everywhere, so you'll always be within reach.
Girl: ...Thank you. I'll treasure it!
Boy: Yeah! Goodbye!
When I was a kid, I thought myself invincible.
I was certain I could become whatever I wanted, go wherever I pleased, and always come out on top regardless of the opponent.
I could see a world of infinite possibilities spread out before me whenever I wanted.
All I had to do was reach my hand out toward the sky.
In the summer of my third year in elementary school...
I acquired wings that let me soar through the sky.
And with that, I'd made it to those parts of the sky my hand couldn't reach.
I eagerly dashed forward, gliding through the air, advancing further and further.
Back then, I had no doubts in my mind. I was sure there was no one who could reach the same heights as me.
"With these, I can go anywhere!"
"I can be the first to travel beyond the sky!"
I sincerely believed that.
...And as a result, I lost all faith in myself when my beliefs were overturned.
It all happened because someone appeared in a space I thought my own.
And in that moment, the place beyond the sky that I dreamed of reaching disappeared from my mind.
I no longer had any right to lay claim to the sky.
The blue world that I envisioned beyond the sky was taken from me.
I desperately reached out with my hand, but... when I opened that hand, nothing was there.
Masaya: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...!
I'm charging down the road to school at full speed. Can't afford to be late!
Masaya: Damn, hope I can still make it!
I pull my phone out of my pocket to quickly check the time.
Masaya: 8:10... Man, I'm cutting it real close!
The clock is ticking down to my doom, and fast!
And so, I stow away the harbinger of apocalypse, then bolt forward as fast as I can.
Masaya: Damn it, this is all 'cause I had that dream again...
Whenever I feel out of it, or when I'm tired, I always see the same dream.
A scenery drawn in sepia... It was a blurry world that made me think I was viewing the scene with an odd filter.
If all those dreams did was let me see a girl I liked as a kid, then that would've been fine.
Masaya: Too bad that wasn't the case...
I keep running down the road, and eventually I come across a strange sight.
Masaya: Huh? What's that girl doing?
I spot a single girl crawling about on all fours on the side of the road.
Girl: Oh, this is bad... I can't get into my house now.
Girl: Can't believe I lost my key right on the first day. I <i>really</i> screwed up...
She's cheerfully monologuing such specific things to herself that it makes me wonder if she's doing it on purpose.
Anyway, based on what I overheard, she seems to be in a lot of trouble, so why does she sound so happy...
Girl: Oh... I still can't find it! What should I do? I'll be really late at this rate...
You know, there's one thing a lot of fairy tales tend to have in common.
In them, the hero always extends a helping hand out to a girl in need, even if that means having to fight a dragon or saving the world.
Masaya: Umm, what's wrong?
And so, in an attempt to live up to those standards, I approach the girl and call out to her.
Girl: Huh? Oh, hi!
The girl rises from her crawling position and snaps to attention as she responds to me.
Girl: Do you need something?
The moment I see her face, my breath gets caught in my throat.
She's standing there, wide-eyed, an inquisitive look on her face.
...She's cute. Really, <i>really</i> cute.
Girl: U-Umm...?
Her voice makes me return to my senses.
Masaya: Oh, well, seemed like you could use a hand, so I thought I'd offer my help.
I already know what's going on thanks to that detailed explanation I overheard moments ago, so I simply offer my assistance.
Girl: Oh... Uh, well...
Hm, looks like I confused her.
Maybe I should have stayed out of this...
Masaya: Oh, sorry. I'm not trying to intrude or anything, I swear. If you don't need any help, just--
Girl: Thank you so much!
Masaya: Whoa!
The girl suddenly leaps in front of me, grasps my hand, and shakes it up and down vigorously.
Girl: Wow, you're the sort of islander my aunt talked about! Right before I moved, she said, "Kyushu is a land of benevolence, fear not dear."
Masaya: Uh, sure...
Girl: That's just the Kyushu way of life, I guess? It's so cool!
She must be pretty easy to impress if me offering to help has her this excited. But more importantly...
Masaya: Hey, look...
Girl: Yes! What's up?!
Masaya: Well, uh, your hands...
Girl: Huh?
At that point, she finally shifts her gaze over to her hands.
And when she does, her face flushes red instantly.
Girl: Oh no!
She rips her hands away from mine and bows her head a few times.
Girl: I-I'm so sorry! Geez, what am I thinking, grabbing a stranger's hand so suddenly... I feel really bad about this!
After she finishes talking, the girl stands there with her head still bowed, and eventually claps her own cheeks. Is that supposed to be some form of punishment?
Girl: Haaah... Geez, why do I always act without thinking...
Masaya: Look, you really don't have to apologize... Besides, shouldn't we take care of your problem first?
Her expression changes to one of mild shock as I change the topic.
Girl: Oh, right! You know, I feel bad about asking you to help me with something so personal, but I happened to lose something.
The girl tries to explain her predicament to me through a combination of words and gestures.
Masaya: Hrm, huh...?
I spot a silver object glittering in the sunlight roughly a meter behind her.
Masaya: Hm, it wouldn't happen to be...
Girl: Oh, I lost my house--
Before the girl can finish her sentence, I pass by her and pick up the silver object.
Masaya: Your house key, right? Does this look like it?
I hold out a plain silver key in front of her eyes.
Girl: Oh... Wow!
The girl raises her voice and wraps both her hands around the key... which is still in my hand.
Girl: Th-That's it! That's my lost house key! How'd you find it?! No, wait, how'd you even know I lost my key? That's amazing!
Masaya: I just happened to see it out of the corner of my eye, so it's not really amazing or anything.
Girl: Oh, don't be humble! Thank you so much! You're a lifesaver, really! Uh... Umm...
Seems like she's asking for my name.
Masaya: The name's Masaya Hinata. I live just around the corner. I'm a sophomore at Kunahama Academy. Nice to meet you.
Asuka: Hinata-san, huh? Thanks for all the help! I'm Asuka Kurashina.
Asuka: I'll be attending Kunahama Academy from tomorrow on. Just heading over there now to fill out some forms, actually.
Masaya: Huh, cool. Nice to meet you, Kurashina-san.
Asuka: Same here!
Kurashina-san replies cheerfully.
As the saying goes, a good deed is its own reward.
Masaya: ...I get the feeling that I'm forgetting something important here.
And before I manage to remember...
A loud ringing sound resounds through the air.
Masaya: Shit!
Asuka: Ah!
Kurashina-san is startled by my loud cry.
Masaya: Now I'm really running late... Oh, you're starting today, yeah?
Asuka: Oh, no. I officially start tomorrow, so I don't think I have to worry about being late, right...?
Masaya: I see. Guess you don't know about Ms. Kagami.
Asuka: Huh?
Aoi Kagami. She's good at all kinds of sports and drop dead gorgeous, but is also considered to be the scariest teacher at Kunahama Academy.
Masaya: She's the school's P.E. teacher, and my homeroom teacher, but she's also the guidance counselor. That's why she's out at the gate waiting to see if any students arrive late.
Asuka: O-Okay, and?
Masaya: Since she's a real strict person, saying you aren't attending classes today won't cut it.
Asuka: Oh, that's bad!
Masaya: And if you're ever late when she's on duty, a dreadful punishment awaits you.
Asuka: P-Punishment?!
Masaya: Yep. She makes use of all her connections to dig up embarrassing secrets from your past. Any diaries you kept, funny pictures you took, or cringeworthy videos of you will be revealed to the entire class!
Asuka: N-No way, that's crazy!
Masaya: Right? That's why we can't afford to be late.
I confirm the time by glancing at my phone.
8:25.
Masaya: If we run... we won't make it in time.
Honestly, I want to avoid using them as much as possible, but...
Masaya: No choice. I'll make an exception today.
I whisper that while looking up at the sky.
Masaya: Alright, let's take off from over there.
I say as I point at the nearby terminal.
Asuka: From there...? I don't see anything there. What, is a plane going to pop out or something?
Kurashina-san tilts her head to the side in confusion as she stares at the terminal.
Masaya: A plane...? Oh, right. You're not from around these parts.
Yeah, she's a transfer student.
Masaya: Know anything about Grav Shoes?
Asuka: Grav... Shoes?
Masaya: Yeah. Anti-Graviton Shoes. Since you're wearing our school's uniform, you should've gotten a lecture on how those shoes work.
Asuka: Oh, these things? They did give me a short explanation, yeah...
Kurashina-san replies while pointing at the school's shoes.
Masaya: Yeah, those. If you got a rundown, I guess I don't need to explain. You taken them out for a spin yet?
Asuka: No, um, I don't think so. What do you mean?
Masaya: Hm, that's too bad... Well, I'll support you, then. Let's go.
Asuka: Huh? U-Umm!
Masaya: Normally, you'd take a proper course first, but it should be fine since we're going with paired flight. You don't have to worry about anything.
I head over to the terminal, leading Kurashina-san all the while.
Masaya: Let's see...  Good, the coast is clear.
I look around to check the flight path just in case.
Masaya: The "No Flight" lamp is also off. Next up is the shoe check. Kurashina-san.
Asuka: Y-Yes!
Masaya: Put one foot forward a little.
Asuka: Like this...?
I check the shoe she puts forward.
Masaya: Okay. Looks good. Now, show me the other one.
When she does, I check the other one as well.
Masaya: Alright, you're all good. Take a deep breath for me, Kurashina-san. Inhale.
Asuka: A deep breath, huh? Okay, hoooooooooh...!
Masaya: And exhale.
Asuka: Haaaaaaaaah...!
Masaya: Okay, time to head on out!
Asuka: Umm, head where, exactly...? Whoa!
Since she's not following the conversation, I take Kurashina-san's hand, walk over to the edge of the terminal, and press the "open" button.
After the shutters open, I turn on my own Grav Shoes.
Masaya: Take a small step forward to widen your stance.
Asuka: O-Okay!
Masaya: Next, raise your heels.
Asuka: L-Like this?
Masaya: Yeah. I'm gonna count to three, and then we fly. Make sure you hold my hand tight, okay? If you do, you can just leave everything to me and relax.
Asuka: Fly...? We're <i>flying</i> from here?!
Masaya: Right. Let's go. One, two...
Asuka: H-Huh?! Hey, wait, we're going to fall! I don't wanna die!
Masaya: Three. FLY!
Asuka: No, stooop!
A soft wind strokes our bodies as we soar through the air.
The early summer air is a little warm, making it perfect for a slow flight.
Asuka: Ugh... Uh, wh-what's going on?! Oh god, no! We're flying right now, but we're definitely gonna fall! We're totally gonna fall! We're absolutely gonna fall!
Kurashina-san keeps shouting out words laced with desperation. I can tell how anxious she is by the tightness of her grip.
Masaya: It's fine. There's no way we'll fall with our Grav Shoes on. Plus, the flight path's pretty calm.
Asuka: R-Really...?
Masaya: Really. So just relax and enjoy our stroll through the sky.
Asuka: O-Okay...
I can feel the pressure on my back letting up as Kurashina-san relaxes her body. Seems she's resigned herself to her fate.
I can see buildings, trees, and the deep blue ocean stretching out beneath us. They all look so tiny from up here.
Asuka: Wow...
I'm guessing she's getting used to flying, since she lets out a voice of awe as she looks around in wonder.
Asuka: Th-This is amazing! The view's so beautiful! We've gotten so high that the buildings look tiny!
Masaya: I know, right? Most people react like this on their first flight.
Asuka: With these shoes, you can travel anywhere. You can fly wherever you want!
Upon hearing those words, I...
Masaya: Fly wherever you want...
I slowly repeated those words, digesting their meaning.
Asuka: Is something wrong?
I eagerly dashed forward, gliding through the air, advancing further and further.
Back then, I had no doubts in my mind. I was sure there was no one who could reach the same heights as me.
Masaya: ...No, it's nothing. We'll be landing soon. Get ready.
Asuka: Oh, okay!
"With these, I can go anywhere!"
"I can be the first to travel beyond the sky!"
I sincerely believed that.
Masaya: ...Yeah, I should avoid this from now on.
I tried to make sure Kurashina-san couldn't hear me...
...as I quietly muttered those words.
I look up at the sky one last time to say farewell for good before I prepare to land.
The blue sky extends infinitely, just as it did when I was a kid.
To the west of Japan's mainland, in the East China Sea, is Shitou City. It's a town that's made up of four islands.
Its population of 50,000 is enough to get it recognized as a city, but at glance, it looks more like a rural country village.
However, right now, the area is like a completely different world from the rest of Japan. That's how special Shitou City is.
Following the discovery of anti-gravitons, special shoes that allow an individual to fly, Anti-Graviton Shoes, were invented.
And those shoes, which let a person fly using only their own body, brought about the dawn of a new age.
The Airport Act applied many restrictions on private flight, but there are some cities where none of that applies. Special test zones, basically.
And one of those cities just happens to be Shitou City. It's even said that Grav Shoe usage is the highest in the country here.
People from all generations make use of them here, though young people probably use them most.
In fact, students tend to use them a lot. They're a common commuting option on all four islands that make up Shitou City.
Aoi: Five seconds left! Four, three, two, one...!
Aoi: And that's it! Wow, no one's late today! Good stuff!
Aoi: Huh...? Who's that?
Masaya: Sweet, we made it.
I use the Grav Shoes' assisted landing feature to touch down safely at the school's terminal.
Masaya: Come on, Kurashina-san. You can let go of my hand now.
Asuka: Uh, what...? Oh, okay!
When I point that out, Kurashina-san lets go of my hand hesitantly.
Since it could have started weird rumors if she kept clinging onto me, I'd previously asked her to switch to just holding my hand.
But even that's enough to get students talking, so it's best to separate now.
Asuka: Oh nice, it's 8:30 on the dot. We made it!
Masaya: Right. Okay, let's hurry to the classroom... Wait, I forgot to ask where you need to go.
Asuka: They told me to head to the faculty room, so we should split up here.
Masaya: Okay. See you around, then.
Asuka: Sure hope so! Thanks for all your help!
Kurashina-san directs a bow at me, then runs off to the building where the faculty room is located.
Masaya: Now then...
Masaya: Shouldn't waste time loitering. Need to head to the classroom before Ms. Kagami spots me.
Aoi: What a rare sight. To think Masaya would show up with someone else. And he was holding her hand, too...
Aoi: But more importantly...
Aoi: ...I'm shocked that he actually flew here.
Masaya: Haaah... Made it somehow.
I plop down onto my seat and breathe a sigh of relief.
Classmate: Say, who's that girl you were holding hands with?
Masaya: Just had to ask, huh?
One of my classmates suddenly appears before me, then starts questioning me.
Her name is Misaki Tobisawa. Since we sit close to each other and were in the same class last year, we end up chatting a lot.
She's the only girl in my class who's on casual speaking terms with me.
Anyway, it's pretty common for her to start up random conversations, <i>especially</i> first thing in the morning.
Gotta say, though, I'm surprised she saw that. I mean, I tried to get away from Kurashina-san as fast as possible.
Masaya: Good morning, Misaki. You know, you really should at least greet me first before grilling me.
Misaki: Mhm. Mornin'.
She waves her hand at me with an absentminded look on her face.
Obviously, Misaki has low blood pressure.
Masaya: So, what was that about me holding hands with someone?
I try to feign ignorance.
Misaki: Hm...
Masaya: ......
But she ends up ignoring me.
Masaya: You <i>literally</i> just asked me about the girl who was holding my hand!
Misaki: Oh? Ahhh, riiight, hands, yeah, gotcha. Caught a glimpse of you two through the window.
Masaya: ...You have some good eyes.
I mean, most people don't just happen to "catch a glimpse" of things that are so far away.
Misaki: So, what are we talking about again?
Masaya: ...You serious?
Misaki: Ah!
Masaya: Finally remember?
Misaki: I'm so hungry... And I just had breakfast, too...
Masaya: ......
With how disjointed our conversations tend to be, I can't help but wonder if she's alright. I mean, low blood pressure only explains so much.
Aoi: Alright, hurry up and take your seats.
Misaki: Well, that's my cue. Catch you later, Masaya.
Misaki totters away toward her desk.
Aoi: Good morning. Yep, today's a real good day.
Aoi: Alright, onto homeroom.
I put my thoughts aside and focus on class.
She's good at all kinds of sports and drop dead gorgeous, but is also the scariest teacher at Kunahama Academy.
This is my homeroom teacher, Aoi Kagami.
Aoi: It's been two weeks since the start of the new semester. If you want to start up or join some sort of club, make sure you turn in your application.
By the way, I owe a lot to Aoi-san... Um, I mean, Ms. Kagami.
And my debts started racking up far before I even joined Kunahama Academy.
In fact, it mostly comes from help she provided when I was younger.
So yeah, I was obviously pretty shocked when she ended up being my homeroom teacher.
Aoi: At this point, all of you are sophomores.
Aoi: I expect you to act responsibly and assist any freshmen that are in need.
Masaya: ...Says the person who has a mountain of dirt on her students.
We're close enough for me to make that kind of joke. Though, I can't do much more than whisper it, since we're in class and all.
If she catches me talking behind her back, she'll show no mercy.
Aoi: Okay, that's it for homeroom.
Looks like she didn't notice that I was almost late this morning.
A wave of relief washes over me, which allows me to finally relax.
Aoi: Oh right, Masaya.
Aoi... Um, Ms. Kagami doesn't care that we're at school. She <i>always</i> calls me by my first name.
Masaya: What's up?
Aoi: We need to talk.
Masaya: ......
Aoi: Hmm, let's do it after school. It'll take a while.
Uh...
Did she hear me back there? Or what, is this about me almost arriving late?
Masaya: Which one of those did she catch...?
Misaki: Masayaaa! School's out! We're finally freee!
Masaya: ...Yeah, I know.
Misaki: Whew, now the day can <i>really</i> begin. What should I do? No, wait, what should I eat? The possibilities are endless!
Masaya: <i>Right.</i> Gotta say though, you're a <i>totally</i> different person once we're out of class. Not that that's anything new.
Her extreme mood shifts are on a downright concerning level.
Since she has low blood pressure in the morning, maybe it spiked and she popped a vessel up there...?
Madoka: Yeah, Misaki's transformation is pretty crazy. I mean, I'm her friend, and it's even got me worried.
Masaya: So you agree with me, huh?
Madoka: Yeah, totally. When I first met her, I was convinced she had some sort of twin sister.
This girl is our class representative, Madoka Aoyagi.
She's a friend of Misaki's, so I end up talking to her a lot. Though unlike Misaki, she's a normal human being.
Misaki: Don't talk about me like I'm a nutjob!
Masaya: Then quit acting like you are. Can't blame us for doubting you when it looks like you are.
Misaki: I'd say it's more that I'm a free spirit. Just being true to myself.
Masaya: Oh really? I'm <i>so</i> jealous.
Madoka: Same.
Misaki: Aren't you more gloomy than this morning?
Masaya: I'd say it's more that I'm a free spirit. Just being true to myself.
Misaki: Huh, cool. Feel free to talk to me about it. The fee's a giant bowl of udon, though!
Masaya: Bye, Misaki. See you tomorrow.
Misaki: ...Huh?
Madoka: Hahaha... Seems like Hinata-kun saw right through you!
Girl: Ah...!
Masaya: Oh.
I almost bump into a girl as I leave my classroom.
Masaya: Sorry. Are you okay?
Girl: Oh no, I should apologize for not paying more attention... Oh, Hinata-senpai?
Masaya: Sorry about that, Arisaka.
Mashiro: Oh, no, it's all good. It's my fault anyway.
The two of us end up apologizing to each other for a while.
Masaya: I'm guessing you came to get Misaki?
Mashiro: Yes! Of course!
No idea why she's acting like that's only natural, but moving on...
Masaya: Want me to call Misaki?
Mashiro: That'd be great!
Masaya: Heeey, Misakiii!
I call out to Misaki, who's still in the classroom, and tell her that Arisaka's waiting for her. After that...
Masaya: Alright, I'm heading out now.
Mashiro: Thank you, Hinata-senpai. Take care on your way home.
Masaya: Well, I'm not going home yet...
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: Don't worry about it. See you.
I walk away, leaving behind a puzzled Arisaka.
Misaki: Here I am!
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai! Yay!
Misaki: Yeah, um, you don't have to latch onto me like that, Mashiro-chan.
Misaki: ...Wait, where'd Masaya go?
Mashiro: Umm, he went off in that direction. Gone home already, I think.
Misaki: But that's the opposite direction from the entrance.
Mashiro: What? Oh, you're right.
Misaki: ...Don't tell me he went to see that girl from this morning?
I head over to the faculty room, leaving Misaki and the other two behind.
Masaya: Excuse me.
Right as I enter the faculty room, I see a hand waving me over from Aoi-san's desk in the back left corner.
I feel a bit uneasy since I've got no clue what she wants, but I head over regardless.
Aoi: You actually came right away. Good job.
She's in the middle of enjoying an after work coffee, sitting there in her chair with her usual, lax posture.
...Honestly, with the way she dresses, I'm unsure where to look. Her milky thighs enter my sight no matter what I do, so I'm unable to ignore them.
Funny thing is, this is actually an improvement. She used to wear a mini skirt until the other teachers talked her down.
Aoi: Why are you staring at me like that? You planning on confessing to me?
Masaya: What do you want?
She brought up something pretty awkward, so I'm just gonna cut to the chase.
Aoi: Where did your sweet innocence go... Oh well, let's get down to business. Here's what I need from you.
She shows me a paper that she'd prepared beforehand.
On the left is a photo and the right name and address. Beneath that, I can see a breakdown of academic accomplishments and a list of references.
I recognize the name and face instantly. Why wouldn't I when it's still fresh in my memories?
Masaya: This is...
Aoi-san speaks up, a wide grin on her face, as I sit there in silence.
Aoi: You know her, of course. Asuka Kurashina. She's a transfer student who finished up her paperwork earlier today.
How does she know I know her?
Don't tell me...
Masaya: Wait, don't tell me you saw us together this morning?
She returns a hearty nod before she replies.
Aoi: I did. And I also saw you holding hands. Glad to see you two getting along.
Masaya: Seriously...
I didn't even realize she was watching us.
Aoi-san isn't the kind of person who has any problem with students dating, but she's also famous for chewing out anyone who's fooling around.
Masaya: ...So what about Kurashina-san?
I quickly change the topic, which makes her don an odd motherly expression.
Aoi: I need you to do me a favor.
Masaya: A favor?
Aoi: Nothing too hard, I promise. Actually, it's quite simple.
She snickers, picks up her coffee mug, and takes a sip out of it.
I'm getting deja vu here...
Masaya: (Oh, I see..)
It's not just deja vu.
She said those exact same words to me in the distant past.
Masaya: ...So yeah, seems like I'll be your instructor. Again, my name is Masaya Hinata.
Asuka: Say what?! <i>You're</i> the instructor they told me about?!
It's been about ten minutes since my conversation with Aoi-san.
After we finished talking, I headed over to the courtyard and approached Kurashina-san, who had been waiting for me.
Asuka: I didn't expect us to meet again so soon...
Masaya: Yeah, I'm surprised too.
Masaya: You want me to teach her how to fly?
Aoi: Right. Figured you'd be perfect for the job.
Well, that <i>is</i> a simple favor.
She wants me to teach Kurashina-san, who is unfamiliar with Grav Shoes, how to fly.
In urban cities, the use of Grav Shoes comes with certain limitations. For example, you can only use them at certain times, and you need to get licenses.
But here, a simple application is more than enough.
As such, Grav Shoes are a dime a dozen here. Everyone knows how use them, and they all rely on them too.
However, shoes that allow you to fly and flight itself are probably confusing for outsiders.
That's why the authorities that hand out Grav Shoes licenses put some precautions in place.
Aoi: It's been a while since you last worked as a certified instructor, but I figured that wouldn't matter to you.
Masaya: Well, you're probably right, but...
Aoi: I know you don't really feel like doing it, but since you like her enough to do paired flight, there shouldn't be a problem.
Masaya: Um, Ms. Kagami...
Aoi: Yeah, I get what you're trying to say. It's not like I suspect there's something going on between you, okay? Still, you don't hate her, right?
Masaya: Well, sure I don't, but...
Aoi: Okay, then we're all good. You need to start today, so head on over to the courtyard.
What they established is the limited area flight instructor system.
Basically, it's a system where certified individuals teach beginners how to fly.
And I'm one of those people. I earned my stripes a pretty long time ago, too.
Asuka: What a surprise. I didn't know that you were an instructor! You must be an expert!
Kurashina-san says with sparkling eyes.
Masaya: Wouldn't really say I'm an expert. More like I'm just used to it, really.
I answer curtly, to which she replies...
Asuka: You sure about that? Ms. Kagami told me you were an expert!
...I hope she didn't tell her anything unnecessary.
Asuka: She also said mastering Grav Shoes is important on Kunahama island.
She bows to me after saying that, then continues.
Asuka: That's why I'm going to do my best to learn everything! Please teach me everything you know!
Masaya: S-Sure, I'll do what I can.
Man, she sure is motivated...
Well, it's way easier to teach someone with motivation than someone who has absolutely zero interest, so I can't complain.
Masaya: Anyway, it makes sense that Kurashina-san's here, but...
I spin around and heave a sigh in an exaggerated fashion.
Masaya: ...What's your reason? I get Misaki, but how about you, Arisaka?
Misaki: What other choice do I have? I need to keep my friend from breaking bad!
Mashiro: Exactly. I can't approve of you keeping a cute girl like her all to yourself.
Masaya: Listen, I'm only doing this because Ms. Kagami asked me to.
I'm telling off the people who've come to interrupt us, when...
Asuka: Um, Hinata-san, who are they?
...Kurashina-san asks me about them with a puzzled expression.
Masaya: Ignore them. They aren't really worth your ti--
Misaki: Nice to meet you! I'm Misaki Tobisawa from class 2-C! I'm a real cutie who's </i>always</i> hungry, so I'll follow you wherever you want if you just give me udon and snacks!
Mashiro: My turn! I'm Mashiro Arisaka from 1-A! I spend most of my time as a sort of follower of Misaki-senpai! No, wait, maybe servant fits better? Well, whatever, it's something like that!
Misaki: Oh, feel free to call me Micchan, Misaki-chan, Misakichi, or whatever you like. But please don't go with Misa-king, since that'd makes me sound way too powerful. I'm also a sucker for any dishes with bamboo shoots. And generally speaking, I love everyone who gives me food. Hey, do you have a favorite dish, Kurashina-san? Any food you don't like? Where do you live? And tell me, are you more of a Line or Twitter person?
Mashiro: You can call me Mashiro, just Maa, or whatever you like! Oh, but please don't go with Mashirock, since that brings back unpleasant memories. Anything else works just fine, though! By the way, Kurashina-senpai, do you play any video games? PSQ? 4DS? Oh, guess there are tablet and smartphone games too. Just so you know, I play on all platforms!
Asuka: Uh, um, err...
Masaya: Look, now you've got her all confused! At least try not to speak over each other!
Masaya: ...Forget them, I'm going to teach you the basics of Grav Shoes.
Asuka: Okay, I'm ready!
Misaki: Me too.
Mashiro: Same!
Masaya: I'm begging you guys, just keep quiet.
After directing a glare at Misaki and her companion, I pick up a pair of Grav Shoes and get started with the explanation.
Masaya: We'll start with the history of these shoes.
An instructor can't just teach a person how to fly and be done with it.
Much like how a person has to learn the laws of the land when trying to get a driver's license, there are steps that must be followed.
Sure, my methods may be a little irregular, but the overall rules remain the same.
And so, I'll begin with the absolute basics. Namely, the history of Grav Shoes.
Masaya: One important discovery 15 years ago laid the foundation for the invention of Grav Shoes...
Before that, the only real way to fly were things like airplanes, which used fossil fuels.
However, 15 years ago, an experiment was conducted at the large hadron collider in the Rajasthan state of India. In that experiment, scientists discovered particles that turned the very laws that governed the world upside down.
Masaya: You know what I'm talking about, right?
Asuka: Yes. You're talking about the discovery of anti-gravitons, right?
I nod in response.
Masaya: The discovery of strange particles that defy gravity, anti-gravitons, led to a ground-breaking invention. And that invention was...
I clap the Grav Shoes I'm holding together.
Masaya: Anti-Graviton Shoes, which are commonly referred to as Grav Shoes. Most consider them to be the greatest invention brought about by the discovery of the anti-graviton.
Asuka: I see...
Masaya: What you need to understand is that it doesn't work by blocking gravity or simply repelling it. Think of it more like how submarines float on the water.
Kurashina-san gazes at the Grav Shoes in my hands with a look of admiration on her face.
Masaya: Alright, let's leave more history for another time and try flying a little.
Asuka: Uh, are you sure?
Masaya: Yeah. We can break lessons on history into small chunks and spread them out. Also, Grav Shoe laws don't apply on school grounds, so you don't need to know them right away.
Since the laws are based on those of driver's licenses, beginners can practice on private ground.
I walk over to Kurashina-san and press the buttons located on the heels of the Grav Shoes.
Masaya: Alright, I've turned your shoes on. First, take a small step to open your legs like I taught you this morning.
Asuka: Like this morning... Got it.
Masaya: Good. Now, raise your heels while making sure to keep your balance.
Asuka: Roger!
Masaya: Alright. All that's left is to speak the activation sequence whenever you're ready and slowly float up.
Asuka: Huh? A-Are you sure that'll work? Like, what if I just zoom up all of a sudden or something?
Masaya: It starts off slow at first, just like a car, so you don't need to worry.
Asuka: G-Got it!
After taking a deep breath, Kurashina-san readies herself.
Asuka: Th-Three, two, one...
Then, she stretches her body upward and...
Asuka: FLY!
A faint mechanical whir can be heard, and following the chime of the startup sound, wings grow from Kurashina-san's Grav Shoes. They're just for show, but they do make the shoes look a lot better.
Asuka: Whoa... A-Amazing...
Then, slowly, her body starts to float up into the air.
Asuka: I-I'm floating! It worked!
Asuka: I-I did it! I'm flying! I'm really flying!
She's waving her hands at me like an overexcited kid at a waterpark.
Mashiro: She really seems to be enjoying herself.
Misaki: Hey, is Asuka-chan gonna be alright?
Masaya: Something wrong?
Mashiro: I mean, with how much she's flapping her hands, she'll lose her balance in no time...
Asuka: Oh no, I-I've suddenly lost my balance...!
Kurashina-san's body starts to jiggle left and right.
Misaki: Told you.
Masaya: ...Don't worry, I set the maximum altitude to five meters when I touched them.
Misaki: Oh, nice going.
Kurashina-san keeps thrashing her arms and legs about, which makes her body flip.
Asuka: Noooo! I-I'm gonna... I'm gonna faaall!
She comes down to the ground butt first.
Asuka: Stop! Nooo! I'm falling! I'm falliiing!
Despite the fact that she's already on the ground, she keeps kicking up her legs and flapping her arms.
Asuka: I'm...! Ah, h-huh?
Masaya: Before you realized, you suddenly found yourself on the ground, right? That's also a feature of Grav Shoes.
I extend my hand toward Kurashina-san, grab her hand, and help her up.
Masaya: Okay. We're going to stop here for today.
Misaki: Cool.
Mashiro: Roger!
Asuka: ...Thanks for the lesson.
To serve as some additional practice, I choose to return to our neighborhood in the same manner as this morning.
It's her first time flying, so my plan was to get her used to it little by little, but...
Asuka: ...
Maybe the shock of not being able to fly properly got to her. She's being way too quiet.
Masaya: That was your first time trying to fly on your own. There's no need to get worked up over it.
Asuka: ......
Masaya: Misaki told me she couldn't fly straight during her first time too.
Asuka: .........
Masaya: We'll practice after school from now on, so really...
Asuka: ............
Her ongoing silence makes me worry that something's wrong.
Masaya: Listen, Kurashina-san. You have no reason to feel down.
Asuka: Ugh!
Masaya: Kurashina...san?
I figured she was pretty bummed, but this is something else.
Asuka: I feel sooooooooo frustrated!
Masaya: Whoa!
Her loud scream takes me by surprise.
Then, she fixates a resolute gaze on me.
Asuka: Hinata-san!
Masaya: Y-Yeah!
Asuka: Can I say something?!
Masaya: G-Go ahead.
Asuka: You know, when I managed to fly a little earlier, it was suuuuuuper fun!
Masaya: Good to know...
Asuka: For the first time in my life, I was floating around in the air! It felt so great! But I...!
Her enraptured expression quickly turns to one of irritation as she continues.
Asuka: I just... I just couldn't keep calm at all and fell down after wobbling around at little! I was totally lame!
Asuka: So...!
She pierces me with that powerful gaze again and shakes her head so strongly that I can literally hear it.
Asuka: Please train me hard from tomorrow on, Coach!
Masaya: G-Gotcha!
I inadvertently agree to her rather intense request.
Hold on, coach?
Asuka: Yay! Thank you sooo much!
Well, she seems awfully happy, so I guess it's fine.
Asuka: I'm looking forward to it. Just thinking about how I'm going to fly from tomorrow on has me real excited!
She happily mutters those words.
Masaya: ...I see.
This is all kind of nostalgic to me.
The awe I felt when I flew for the first time and my wish to fly higher and higher...
Those feelings that I'd left behind have now appeared right in front of me again.
Yeah, this is nostalgic alright.
Asuka: See you tomorrow!
Masaya: Yeah, take care.
Asuka: I can't waaait!
Kurashina-san heads off home with a spring in her step, clearly showing that she's dying for tomorrow to come.
Masaya: ...Hope she'll do better tomorrow.
I mutter as I watch Kurashina-san leave.
Then, I suddenly hear the sound of something cutting through the wind from the terminal.
Masaya: Hm, is someone coming?
The initially faint sound eventually grows louder, signaling that someone's coming.
Masaya: Ah...
I find a girl in the area I've directed my eyes.
She has both her legs aligned straight and is carrying a bag on one arm.
Her other hand is adjusting her flight trajectory. The way she's flying is smooth. I can tell her balance won't falter.
Though, what's most impressive is the way she's using her eyes.
She's lightly checking her surroundings while keeping her eyes on her flight path. The very definition of safe flight.
Masaya: How beautiful...
There are varying degrees of beauty to even something as simple as basic flight.
Form, and whether a person can keep their flight path stable, are two key factors.
The former is determined by whether you can keep your back straight and your feet aligned. It's often compared to the form you maintain during swimming.
As for the latter... Well, it's based on whether you're flying straight while also curving your body elegantly.
Roughly speaking, those are what most people consider the criteria for beauty.
And the girl who's flying in my direction is satisfying all of those criteria.
Masaya: She's clearly more than qualified to be a certified instructor.
I know it's unfair to compare them, but she's on a completely different level from Kurashina-san.
Man, I bet Kurashina-san would have a great time if she could fly like that...
Masaya: Yeah, she's a textbook example.
I should remember her form and make use of it when giving Kurashina-san advice.
I pay close attention to the way she's moving her hands and legs, as well as how she's choosing her flight path.
Masaya: Huh? That uniform is...
I got so caught up in watching her that I only now realize she's not wearing a Kunahama uniform.
Masaya: Takafuji...? No, where is it from?
While I ponder that question, the girl slows down as she approaches the terminal, then lands silently.
Girl: ...Phew.
She takes a breath, quickly straightens her clothes, and walks away.
Even the way she's walking is just as graceful...
Masaya: That's something I'd tell Misaki to learn from.
Honestly, Misaki's usual tottering has me worried.
Masaya: Alright, time to head home, I guess.
Once the girl was out of sight, I walked away.
The sky has now been dyed by the sunset.
Later that evening, I notice something.
Masaya: Huh? Someone finally moved in next door?
Mother: Yeah, people were carrying furniture inside this afternoon.
While I was cooped up in my room, dealing with my homework, my mom contacted me through a walkie talkie app.
She isn't very good with technology, so she's real happy that she got the knack of the app I taught her to use a while ago. That's why she keeps pointlessly contacting me through it at home.
Mother: They haven't stopped by to say hi yet, though.
Masaya: Oh yeah?
The house next door has been vacant for two years. I always assumed it was going through some pretty hardcore renovations because of that.
Hey, wait. If the family moving in there has a kid around my age, they'd be transferring to my school...
But it's the middle of April. Getting a transfer student two weeks after the start of the new school year is a little weird...
Masaya: ......
Nah, no way.
It can't be. That'd be a hell of a coincidence.
Masaya: Whoa!
The almost unbelievable timing of the doorbell ringing makes my heart skip a beat.
Mother: Speak of the devil. That's probably our new neighbor, I guess.
Masaya: Pretty sure you're right on the money.
Mother: Masaya, go get the door.
Masaya: But you're on the first floor and I'm on the second, Mom.
Mother: I'm in the middle of making dinner. The stove is on.
I can hear the sound of frizzling oil as she says that.
Masaya: ...Fine.
I can't quite tell whether I'm feeling anxious or excited here.
I make for the front door with a cold sweat running down my back.
Masaya: Oh, comiiing.
Can't keep them waiting too long.
I slide my feet into a pair of slippers and reach out for the doorknob.
Masaya: Sorry for the wait.
Girl: I apologize for disturbing you at such a late hour.
Masaya: ......
Huh?
...Who's this?!
Girl: My name is Ichinose. My family has just moved in next door.
Ichinose-san bows her head to me.
Girl: Normally, it would be proper etiquette for my parents, the owners of the house, to come over and exchange greetings. However, they are rather busy with work, so they couldn't find the time for that. I apologize on their behalf.
Girl: We'll eventually come as a family, but I'm filling in for them today.
Girl: We may end up inconveniencing you at times, but I hope that we can get along and keep up a good, friendly relationship.
Girl: Also, this is nothing special by any means, but I've made some handmade soba noodles. Please take them if you like.
Masaya: ......
Girl: ......
Girl: U-Um...
Masaya: ......
Girl: Um...
Masaya: ......
Girl: D-Did I happen to say anything rude?
Masaya: ......
Girl: Aww...
Masaya: ......
Girl: I suppose I really must have made some terrible mistake...
Masaya: ......
Girl: No!
Girl: E-Even so, I don't think it's right of you to simply ignore me...
Masaya: Uh, what? H-Huh?
Ichinose-san's voice suddenly drags me back to reality.
Girl: ......
Once I take in my surroundings, I notice that Ichinose-san is flapping her mouth as though she's swallowing the words she was about to say.
Masaya: I-I'm sorry. Seems like I spaced out there.
I expected to see Kurashina-san's face upon opening the door, which is why the unexpected, or rather, anticlimatic development stunned me.
Masaya: Did I do anything rude?
Girl: Haaah...
Masaya: You okay?!
Ichinose-san looks about ready to sink to her knees as she hears my words.
Girl: H-Hahaha... I'm sorry. Not only did I introduce myself to a guy I'm meeting for the first time, I went as far as raising complaints, which made me feel incredibly nervous.
Masaya: Wh-What exactly did I do wrong here?
Girl: You didn't listen to my introduction, right?
Masaya: I'm sorry...
Girl: Let me introduce myself one more time, then. I'm Rika Ichinose. My family has moved in next door. I hope we can get along, um...
Rika: Am I right in assuming your name is Hyuga?
Looks like she took a look at the doorplate and read it as "Hyuga."
Masaya: It's "Hinata." Masaya Hinata. Thank you for the polite introduction.
Rika: O-Oh, Hinata, then. I'm very sorry I got it wrong, Hinata-san.
Masaya: Don't worry about it. I was rude to you, after all.
Rika: Huh?! Um, err, it was never my intention to seriously attack you...
Masaya: No, wait, that's not what I was trying to say either.
The two of us bow our heads to each other a few times when...
Rika: Ah...
Masaya: ......
...our eyes suddenly meet.
Rika: Heh...
Masaya: Huh?!
How am I supposed to interpret that smile?
Rika: Oh, I'm sorry. It's just that I feel relieved.
Masaya: Why's that?
Rika: At first, I was worried I messed up because you weren't reacting at all. See, I looked up how to properly introduce myself to neighbors before heading over...
Rika: But the whole situation felt awkward, so I feared that people in this area might treat outsiders coldly.
Masaya: ...This isn't some secluded village. Don't worry, no one around here's like that.
Hell, this is even a redeveloped, new residential district here on Kunahama Island.
Rika: Yes. That's why I was relieved when I realized that was just my imagination.
Rika: Besides, it also seems like our neighbor is a really nice person.
Masaya: Huh?!
I find myself rendered speechless by Ichinose-san's smile.
Mother: Oh my, what a lovely little guest we have!
Rika: Huh? Oh, um...?
Masaya: Oh, that's my mom.
Looks like she figured something was up since I didn't head over to tell her who it was.
Rika: I-I'm very sorry for disturbing you so late. I just moved in next door with my family...!
Mother: Don't be so nervous. I'm just your neighbor.
Masaya: ...I'll leave things here to you then, Mom.
Now that Mom's here, I can let her handle everything.
Rika: Um, it's nothing special, but I've made these soba noodles...
Mother: Oh my, you went out of your way to make these for us? Wow, did you make them yourself?
Rika: Y-Yes...
Right as I'm about to leave...
Rika: ......
Ichinose-san directs a bow at me with upturned eyes, and I responded by lightly raising my hand.
I walk down the hall, then stop in my tracks.
And that's when it hits me.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: She's definitely the girl from earlier.
I probably should have recognized her right away, but I was paying more attention to how she was flying than how she looked.
At least I finally remember the face of the girl I saw earlier.
Masaya: If she's that good, then maybe she's...
Masaya: ......
I shake my head to clear my mind.
Masaya: Even if she is, why should I care?
A little over an hour later, I return to my room after eating dinner.
Masaya: Phew... That really hit the spot.
We had tempura my mom prepared with the soba that Ichinose-san brought.
According to what Mom found out, their original plan was to move in two weeks ago.
Unfortunately, the renovations took longer than expected, so they had to stay in a hotel until just yesterday.
Ichinose-san has already started at her new school and both her parents are working at their new jobs.
By the way, Ichinose-san is a first-year. She doesn't attend Kunahama, though.
Oh well, whatever.
She seems to be a nice girl, her soba is good, and she's a good flyer. That's all there is to it.
Gotta thank her next time we meet...
Masaya: ...Huh?
I freeze.
I mean, <i>of course</i> I do. How could I not in this situation?
When I look out my window, I see...
Rika: ......
Masaya: ......
Seems like time has stopped in a radius of 5 meters.
Neither of us budges an inch. We both remain frozen in place.
Honestly, why I can't even so much as cover my eyes or turn around...
Rika: N...
Eventually...
I hear a voice that seems to be on the verge of explosion...
Masaya: N...?
Before I have time to figure out what she means...
She finally erupts.
Rika/Masaya: Noooooooooooo!\nWhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!
Rika: Noooooooooooo!
Masaya: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!
Wait, sure I'm surprised, but why the hell am I screaming?
Masaya: S-Sorry! I'll close the curtain right away!
Rika: No! Don't come any closer! Stay away from me!
Masaya: Uh, I think you're overreacting.
This isn't going anywhere.
Masaya: Actually, <i>you</i> can just close your curtain...
Rika: Oh...
She pulls the curtain over her window, which blocks my view.
After that, I close my curtain as well.
Masaya: Haaah...
I let out a deep sigh.
However, the sense of dread from having seen something I shouldn't have doesn't go away.
Does she understand that it was an accident?
Just great. I'm pretty sure my first impression wasn't too bad, but now it's tanked.
After that, I keep looking for signs of her wanting to talk as I go about my business.
But in the end, I never get an opportunity to apologize or explain myself.
Masaya: So tell me, have you gotten more used to flying now?
I ask Kurashina-san. We're flying together, hand in hand, just like yesterday.
Asuka: Yep! I'm all good today!
She gives a couple nods and directs a joyful smile at me.
Masaya: Glad to hear that. I'm looking forward to seeing how you do after school, then.
Asuka: I won't disappoint!
Aoi: So yeah, this is Asuka Kurashina, a transfer student who'll be joining our class starting today. Introduce yourself to everyone.
Asuka: My name is Asuka Kurashina. I just moved here from the mainland and there are lots of things I still don't know, so I'd appreciate your help!
Madoka: I see. So you've fallen in love with Grav Shoes, huh?
Asuka: Yes, I have. I've been flying with Hinata-san and Misaki-chan since yesterday.
Madoka: Oh, Misaki was with you too? That's nice.
Misaki: Hm? Oh, yeah...
Madoka: ...Looks like a particularly severe case of low blood pressure today.
Masaya: There's no point trying to talk to her this early.
Asuka: Hahaha... So it seems.
Masaya: I've brought this along today.
Asuka: Um, a textbook?
Masaya: People don't tend to think about theory when flying, which makes it hard to keep all the rules and laws in mind. That's why I went and grabbed this from the library.
Mashiro: Sounds like you just went there and took off with it.
Masaya: No, I didn't. I borrowed it the normal way.
I decided that today, we would only fly after a lesson on the theory of flight, its history, Grav Shoes, terminals, and all that.
Masaya: How old do you need to be to use Grav Shoes?
Asuka: Seven! However, you must be thirteen to fly anywhere other than a specified zone!
Masaya: Yeah, correct! Amazing...
Asuka: Yay!
Kurashina-san doesn't seem all that great when it comes to <i>actually</i> flying, but she's been absorbing the rules and laws like a sponge.
I guess she's <i>really</i> interested in it.
Asuka: Next question!
Masaya: Um, there are no questions left...
Asuka: Really? That sucks. You sure there aren't any other questions?
Masaya: Gotta say, you have an impressive memory. That's a pretty amazing talent.
Asuka: No, it's just that I never forget anything when it comes to things I like! I can't remember much about stuff I'm bad at...
Masaya: Seems awfully convenient.
Feels like it suits her perfectly, though.
Masaya: So, do you have any questions at all?
Asuka: Um, it's not really a question, but can I make a request?
Masaya: Depends on what it is.
Asuka: Um, I'd like to learn more about all of you, since we're spending a lot of time together and all.
Masaya: Oh, that's what you meant.
She had me confused for a second there.
Mashiro: Okay, let's do a Kuna Island Misaki-senpai quiz!
Masaya: You're really great at interrupting things, Arisaka.
Asuka: Huh? Where's Misaki-chan?
Mashiro: I was devotedly tending to her, but she told me to leave her alone.
Asuka: That's strange.
Masaya: Do you ever think you're going overboard?
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai's heart is fairly delicate. It is far too complicated for ordinary people to understand.
Masaya: You can put a positive spin on just about anything, huh?
The way I see it, she's just moody.
Mashiro: Well, what do you say? Shall we do the Kuna Island Misaki-senpai quiz?
Masaya: You're really pushing for that quiz, aren't you?
How unusual. Normally, she'd want to keep everything to herself.
Asuka: I'd love to try that quiz. I want to learn more about Misaki-chan.
Masaya: Just make sure you don't focus on the quiz more than flying.
Asuka: It'll be fine!
Masaya: ......
I <i>really</i> doubt it, so I'll join them just to be safe.
Mashiro: Alright, so both of you are participating.
Mashiro: I wonder... which of you will survive?
Asuka: Huh? One of us is going to die?!
Arisaka seems pumped. I'm guessing because it's about Misaki.
Mashiro: Here comes the first question! Ta-dah!
Masaya: ......
She's even throwing in sound effects...
Honestly, Arisaka sounds about ready to explode with joy.
Mashiro: As you know, Misaki-senpai's birthday is on--
Asuka: Huh? As we know?
Masaya: When is it? I've got no clue.
Mashiro: Hey, don't interrupt me. You can at least let me finish!
Masaya: Listen, you're expecting us to know way too much specific stuff about her.
Mashiro: Really? Seems pretty basic to me.
Masaya: You can't be serious.
That's scary.
Mashiro: By the way, the answer to the question is "They ravaged her grandma's vegetable garden."
Asuka: Huh? Now I'm super curious what the question was.
Mashiro: Okay, moving on to question number two.
Asuka: Ah! She's moved on!
Masaya: Wait, Arisaka.
I stop her.
Mashiro: Yes? What is the matter, Hinata-senpai?
Masaya: You've already exposed our Misaki IQ, so you should be satisfied.
Masaya: But tell me, Arisaka. As someone who prides herself in being a Misaki Master, do you truly understand her?
Mashiro: ...What are you trying to get at?
Masaya: If you can answer whatever random Misaki questions we throw at you, then that would make you a true Misaki Master, don't you think?
Asuka: Huh? But we wouldn't even know the answers to those questions?
Masaya: Yeah, but I'm sure I'll be able to figure out if she's giving the right answers based on how she speaks.
Asuka: Th-That's very vague...
Mashiro: Fine. I shall accept that unreasonable challenge!
Masaya: I see...
I know I'm the one who suggested it, but I'm surprised she's actually playing along.
Masaya: Here we go, then.
No point asking abstract questions that'd make it easy for her to lie. We'll go with some standard ones.
Masaya: What is Misaki's favorite food?
Mashiro: Udon and bamboo shoots.
Asuka: Misaki-chan's hobbies?
Mashiro: Eating. Getting taught things by her grandma. And lately, making delicious pickled food!
Masaya: Okay, then what are her three...
Mashiro: My three sizes plus 11, 7, and 12!
Masaya: Huh...!
Mashiro: Did you think I couldn't answer that?
Masaya: Err...
More like I asked myself <i>why</i> you answered that question. I mean, come on, you really shouldn't have.
I can't help but gulp as I think about her answer.
Mashiro: I don't think one-sidedly bombarding me with questions is very fair, so I'm going to ask a question again!
With that, Arisaka turns toward Misaki and...
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai! If I ask you to name the person you love... or well, not love, but at least like, then you would obviously answer--
Misaki: Masayaaa!
Mashiro: Huh...?
Asuka: What?
Masaya: Me?
Misaki: Come over here for a sec.
Misaki is waving me over.
I'm sure it was a <i>total</i> coincidence that she said my name right there. I mean, that's the only possibility, but...
Mashiro: ......
That was the worst timing imaginable.
I fly over to Misaki.
Masaya: Um, Misaki, you may not have meant anything by that, but your timing was real bad...
Misaki: Forget that. Tell me, are you trying to get information about me out of that girl?
Masaya: ......
Damn, she noticed.
Misaki: Well, not like it matters.
Asuka: Whoa!
I'm positive Kurashina-san raised her voice just now because Misaki's leaning in toward me.
I instantly pull away from her in order to keep our anti-gravity fields from repelling each other.
Misaki pays my effort no heed as she smiles mischievously and speaks up.
Misaki: I kind of like you, after all.
Misaki: That doesn't mean I love you, though.
Masaya: Did you have to whisper the second part?!
I look over in the direction of the other two girls...
Asuka: Wow, no way...
Mashiro: ......
One of them looks dead on her feet.
Masaya: What am I supposed to do about her...?
Misaki: How about you have someone teach you how to handle girls tomorrow, Coach?
Masaya: Misaki...
Misaki: Okay, sorry about that. Lemme make it up to you by teaching you something important.
Masaya: Go right ahead.
Come on, give me an easy way to calm down Arisaka...
Misaki: The full first question was, "On her birthday, the 16th of April, she came to despise wild boars. What is the reason for that?"
Masaya: That's useless!
We parted with Misaki and Arisaka, and are now on our way back.
Our second day of training is set to end once we land on the terminal near where we both live.
Considering it's only her second day, it's almost unbelievable how much she's improved.
Asuka: Wawawawah!
No, maybe I spoke too soon. She's flying exactly as you'd expect.
Asuka: Oh no, aaah!
Okay, spoke too soon <i>again.</i> Even a toddler would be better at flying on their second day... Man, I can be pretty rude sometimes, huh?
Looks like she's still struggling.
The reason she isn't too down on herself after her repeated failures may be because she's so stubborn.
That's the conclusion I reach as we enter the airspace above our neighborhood terminal.
I'm positive that her hard work will lead to results in the not so distant future.
Asuka: Coach!
Kurashina-san's can-do attitude actually makes me believe that.
Masaya: What's up?
Asuka: Um, I was getting ready to land, but I failed to maintain my posture.
Masaya: You mean...
Asuka: I'm gonna fall... Oh nooooooooo!
Masaya: Don't go saying something like that in such a cheerful voice!
Rather than falling, she's starting to swerve in random directions.
Masaya: Calm down, Kurashina-san! Everything's gonna be fine. Even if you make a mistake, it's almost impossible to really lose control!
There's no real way to crash when we're floating about so casually.
Masaya: Remember what I taught you yesterday, okay? You just have to calm down a little!
Asuka: B-But I have no idea where to even begin!
Masaya: Just take it from the top! Quit thrashing your legs and align your heels!
Asuka: After that, I have to steady myself and calm my breathing!
Masaya: Right! You're doing good!
She's clearly flustered, but is still managing to work through the steps I taught her.
There are two things to worry about in this situation.
The first is losing sight of your surroundings out of sheer panic and hitting something after you've landed.
And the other one is...
Masaya: Shit!
That other possibility is currently approaching the terminal.
This is bad, someone could get hurt!
I'm talking about colliding with another person here!
Or more specifically, the recoil from the repulsive force that prevents people from actually colliding. It generally only lasts a short while, but in that time a person cannot control their Grav Shoes.
Seems luck isn't on our side as Kurashina-san flies off toward the approaching individual.
Asuka: Fuaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!
Masaya: Is she yodeling?!
Pretty impressive, since I doubt she's doing it on purpose. Or wait, maybe it's just a prolonged scream?
And in response to that...
Masaya: ...Huh?
The approaching person makes no move to dodge her.
Don't tell me... they haven't noticed her?!
Masaya: Ah!
I hurriedly position myself to help them.
But...
Masaya: Huh?
The person I was expecting her to collide with apparently has a clear grasp on our situation.
Asuka: Fuah?
After dropping their speed...
They come to a halt at a safe spot. Seems they're waiting to see how things develop.
That have a composed posture, which shows they're ready to step in should something happen.
Masaya: That's...
There's no doubt in my mind.
Kurashina-san, who has finally regained control of her Grav Shoes, has a puzzled expression on her face. I'm not sure whether she doesn't understand how close she was to a disaster, or if she's just shocked.
And in response, the figure hurriedly approaches Kurashina-san.
Rika: Um, are you okay?
Things happened so fast that I have no time to digest everything.
Asuka: Coach! Look, you've gotta see this!
Masaya: Yeah, I'm watching.
I told her today's practice session would last until we reached our neighborhood terminal.
I assume she's taking that in the strict sense, meaning until she lands, which is why Kurashina-san is still flying around.
She must really enjoy flying.
Well, nothing wrong with that.
Rika: ......
Honestly, the situation over here is a lot more of a problem for me.
Masaya: U-Um...
Rika: Ugh!
Masaya: ......
Yep, she hates me.
Well, can't blame her after what happened last night.
I may not have done anything wrong, but Ichinose-san is still a victim.
However, we've been floating around awkwardly for a while now. The conversation isn't moving forward at all.
And so, I make up my mind and forge ahead.
Masaya: Sorry about that.
Rika: O-Oh no, I'm equally to blame for what happened yesterday. Um, I acted carelessly...
Masaya: ...No, I wasn't talking about that.
Rika: ...Huh?
Rika: Ah!
Rika: Oh no!
The sight of her expression changing so quickly is quite amusing. Unfortunately, she turns away in a huff.
Well, guess I can apologize about yesterday later.
Masaya: Um, I'm apologizing for Kurashina-san's reckless flight.
Masaya: See, she only flew for the first time yesterday.
Rika: Oh... So that's why she's... No, forget it.
Pretty sure "so that's why she's" wouldn't have been followed by any words of praise.
I direct a wry smile at her as she slumps her shoulders.
Masaya: It's alright. Can't say you're wrong, really.
Rika: Still, I wouldn't want to say something that rude about your girlfriend.
Masaya: Wait, what?!
Rika: I see. So that's why you apologized for her instead of what happened yesterday.
Masaya: Hey! Is it just me or did you make up a whole story in your head?
This is going in a bad direction.
Rika: It's your responsibility as her boyfriend to teach her how to fly.
Masaya: That's literally what I'm doing! I'm teaching her as kindly and thoroughly as I can. No, wait, you've got the wrong idea here...
Rika: It'll be too late if she gets into a real accident.
Masaya: Y-You're right, but the thing is...
Rika: ...Unlike you, it was a first for me.
Masaya: Huh?
She suddenly says in a stiff voice.
Rika: That was the first time a guy saw my body.
Masaya: It was a first for me too!
Asuka: Coach, Coach! Did you see that just now? I managed to fly in a super straight line!
Rika: ......
Masaya: ...Why are you looking at her?
Asuka: Coach?
Masaya: Gotcha, I'll be watching now. I'll make sure not to miss it again!
Rika: ......
Ichinose-san's eyes have been feeling an awful lot like daggers.
Rika: I'd been thinking I had to apologize for having been so careless.
Rika: I just kept thinking about it, over and over, even though I wanted it out of my mind.
Rika: The sense of embarrassment and regret wouldn't go away.
Rika: But I see you, on the other hand, have been flirting with your girlfriend the whole time.
Masaya: Look, there was no flirting. Listen...
Rika: Hehe... It's okay.
Ichinose-san directs a smile at me.
Rika: I'm not bothered by it anymore. I won't make a problem out of it for you, either.
Masaya: Um...
Why doesn't it look like she's smiling even though there's a smile on her face? Hell, I'd even say she looks scary right now...
Masaya: Is it too late to apologize for what happened yesterday?
Rika: Oh no, you don't have to! After all, there isn't anything you have to apologize for.
Masaya: I feel like you're misunderstanding things.
Rika: Oh, how?
Masaya: Err, it's not like I ever meant to downplay what happened...
Quit shoving that eerie smile in my face!
Masaya: Anyway, I'm really, <i>really</i> sorry about what happened last night.
Rika: Please stop. You shouldn't talk about how you saw another girl changing when your girlfriend's around.
Masaya: Okay, now that's <i>definitely</i> a misunderstanding.
Ichinose-san's stiff smile didn't leave her face at all. Nothing I did or said worked.
Eventually, I was forced to head home without fixing things with her.
This really sucks. I wanted to ask about her flying and confirm that her uniform's from Takafuji Academy's island branch.
Masaya: You okay?
Asuka: A-All good!
Since yesterday's training session ended in failure, I went ahead and decided to take a long-distance trip today.
Asuka: Ugh... Th-The view's great, but it's still a little scary for me!
This trip consists of circling Kunahama Island. A pretty standard, basic course.
And I'm letting Kurashina-san fly by herself instead of using paired flight.
Masaya: Let me know right away if you start having problems. I'll give you time to collect yourself.
Asuka: O-Okay...!
Her slightly wobbly flight brings a wry smile to my face.
But when I compare it to the first day, she's definitely improved... I think.
Asuka: K-Keep your hands parallel and your legs straight, keep your hands parallel and your legs straight...
Masaya: Has she...?
Asuka: Haaah... I-I was so nervous...
After flying around for a while, we decide to take a break on a beach we spotted earlier.
Masaya: Here, take this.
I hand Kurashina-san a soft drink I bought.
Asuka: Th-Thanks. Um, how much was it?
Masaya: It's fine. Think of it as a reward for flying properly today.
Asuka: Wow, that makes me even more happy! Thank you!
Kurashina-san immediately opens the lid and savors the drink I got her.
I sit down next to her and gaze at the scenery in front of me as I down the drink I got for myself.
I haven't flown anywhere other than school in a long time.
To be honest, I don't have very fond memories of flying, but I actually enjoyed it today.
I'm surprised.
Asuka: Look there, Hinata-san. Can you see that? Is that a lighthouse or something on that mountain?
Masaya: Huh? Where?
Asuka: Over there. Look where I'm pointing! Uh, it may be a little hard to spot because of the water, but please do your best to find it!
I guess it's all thanks to this eternally joyful girl.
Masaya: Hey, Kurashina-san.
Asuka: Ohhh! It really <i>is</i> hard to see... Huh? Did you just say my name?
Masaya: Yeah, I did.
Looks like she doesn't notice what's going on around her once she focuses on something.
Asuka: What is it?
Masaya: Well, um, just thought that you seemed to be enjoying yourself.
Asuka: Really?
Masaya: Yep. You've looked happy all day.
Asuka: Oh... Yeah, you're right.
She makes a bit of a surprised expression.
Masaya: Gotta admit, that has me a little curious.
Kurashina-san looks to the side and touches her cheek with her index finger as she speaks.
Asuka: Um, you see, there's actually a bit of a reason for that.
Masaya: And that is?
Asuka: ...There's something someone taught me a long time ago.
Asuka: Seeing the way I am now, it may be hard for you to imagine, but I used to be a very shy, introverted kid.
Masaya: Yeah, <i>definitely</i> can't imagine that.
Asuka: Come on, tons of people were different as kids.
Kurashina-san says sullenly, puffing up her cheeks all the while.
Asuka: Back on topic! Um, I was talking about this docile, feeble girl, right?
Masaya: Well, you definitely just made yourself seem a whole lot more pitiful there.
Asuka: Th-That's how you're supposed to picture it, okay? Look, just try to imagine that type of girl.
Masaya: Okay, got it.
I let loose a knowing smile and do as she says.
It's pretty cliché, but I picture a girl with a white one-piece dress and straw hat standing in a meadow.
...Damn, that's <i>way</i> too cliché. It's too embarrassing to mention to others, even. Still, what can I do if that's what comes to mind?
Asuka: That girl was unable to speak to anyone.
Masaya: Okay, and?
Asuka: Then, when she was wallowing in the depths of despair, another kid of the same age gallantly appeared, moved toward her, and said "Let's play together."
Masaya: Oh wow, so a prince showed up on his white horse?
That'd be even more cliche than what I imagined!
Asuka: Right, that's what anyone would expect. However...
Masaya: There was more to it?
Asuka: You bet. Believe it or not...
Asuka: That prince was actually a girl!
Masaya: Oh... Too bad.
Asuka: She talked like a boy and her voice was a little husky, but her long hair and pretty face were unmistakable.
Masaya: I see... Too bad you didn't get a real prince.
Actually, I feel a bit relieved.
Naturally, I keep that to myself. I mean, I don't want her to think I'm into her or anything.
Masaya: ...And?
Asuka: And what?
Masaya: Uh, well, what happened next?
Asuka: O-Oh, right.
Asuka: I almost ended the story with that dreamlike moment!
Masaya: Well, if you wanna end it right there, that's fine by me.
Asuka: I can't! I haven't reached the important part yet. That was just the end of part one!
Breathing heavy with excitement, she goes on.
Asuka: Let's move to part two! So, um, the girl didn't even open her heart to that prince... or princess?
Masaya: That's one tightly sealed heart.
Asuka: Oh yes, her shy nature had grown over the years, after all. Pulling her out of her shell would have taken a lot of strength.
Asuka: However, that princess simply spoke to the girl.
Masaya: And what'd she say?
Asuka: If you just make yourself believe you're having fun, then you'll find everything in the world fun.
Masaya: Uh, what?
Asuka: If you've been secluding yourself this whole time, then there's twice as much fun waiting for you out in the world.
Asuka: From that moment on, everything started to feel fun to that introverted girl.
Masaya: Hrm... That princess said some interesting things.
Asuka: Right! I've lived by those words ever since.
...Okay, that's probably going a bit too far.
Still, I understand that a defining experience in your childhood can shape your life.
In my case, that worked in a negative way, though.
Asuka: Oh, but flying is just plain fun.
Masaya: I don't know, you seemed pretty scared earlier...
Asuka: Well, yeah, I was. But I had you by my side, so I wasn't too worried!
Kurashina-san smiles sweetly.
Masaya: O-Oh, um, you're welcome?
My face starts to burn out of embarrassment, so I take a big gulp of my drink.
Asuka: Honestly, I've been relying on you a lot the last three days.
Masaya: You sure about that?
Asuka: Absolutely. I'm really glad you're willing to spend your free time teaching me.
Kurashina-san directs a quick bow at me like she always does.
Asuka: Why are you putting so much effort into teaching me how to fly?
Masaya: That's because...
Masaya: Because I want you to know how to fly.
Asuka: You want me to be able to fly?
Masaya: Yeah. It'll allow you to go all sorts of places. Plus, you'll need it to live your life on this island.
Asuka: Oh, I see...
Masaya: Mhm...
When it comes to flying, there are certain things I can't put behind me.
However, that has nothing to do with Kurashina-san.
That's why I'm glad she's enjoying flying already.
Asuka: Thank you, Coach.
Masaya: Man, I just can't get used to you calling me that...
Masaya: Because Ms. Kagami asked me to.
She's the one who put me up this, after all.
Asuka: Oh, of course. I mean, Ms. Kagami is very kind, but I imagine she's very scary when she gets mad...
Masaya: I know, right? Fact is, she's <i>terrifying.</i> Just the other day, she...
I proceed to tell Kurashina-san a story that Aoi-san can never know I repeated.
Asuka: I have to say, though, it's crazy that Grav Shoes let you fly freely with such simple controls.
Masaya: Yeah, the person who invented them is a genius.
Freely soaring through the sky. That's something one could only dream of previously, but now it's just another part of our world.
I've grown used to it by now, but honestly, the absurdity of it still amazes me.
That's right. Life with Grav Shoes is like something out of a fantasy world, but it's actually real.
Masaya: It's always been like that...
I've been remembering them a lot over the past three days.
I can't help but recall the days when I was soaring through the sky and cutting through the wind. Back then, I was certain I was flying to heights yet unknown.
Asuka: With how convenient they are, I'm sure people can use them for all sorts of things. Like, for instance...
Honestly, it may only be natural that things are moving in this direction.
Try as I might to avoid it, this would have eventually come up in one of our practice sessions.
Asuka: I think a sport that uses Grav Shoes would be <i>really</i> fun!
Masaya: Ah...
I almost drop the bottle I'm holding.
Luckily, I hurriedly squeeze the bottle before agreeing in a slightly hoarse voice.
Masaya: Yeah, you're probably right.
Asuka: Oh, you agree?! I bet it would be tons of fun!
Figured it'd come to this.
I mean, she wouldn't have said what she did earlier otherwise...
Masaya: Ms. Kagami, are you scheming something?
Aoi: Huh?
Masaya: I'm talking about the whole flying instructor thing. Figured you have some specific reason to make me teach Kurashina-san.
Aoi-san suddenly forms her usual grin.
Aoi: Oh, and why's that?
Masaya: Well, I can see some similarities...
Aoi: Whatever do you mean?
I realize she's trying to make me talk, but I also know there's no point beating around the bush.
Masaya: Between Kurashina-san and... me.
Aoi: Fufuh...
Her grin changes to a lonely smile.
Aoi: See, you aren't the only one who felt nostalgic.
Masaya: ......
Aoi-san pokes the mug on the table, then proceeds to run her finger along the rim.
Though she's looking in my direction, it doesn't seem like she's staring at me.
Aoi: Masaya, you know I can't just give up on a generational talent.
Masaya: ...I don't want to talk about that again.
Aoi: Well, I don't care what you want. I'll keep bringing it up as long as you have that talent within you.
Before I know it...
...she isn't smiling anymore.
Aoi: I don't want to force you into it or anything. However, let me tell you this.
Aoi: I'm still waiting for you... I am now, and I always will be.
Then, silence reigns once more.
I doubt it lasted longer than ten seconds, but to me, it felt like an eternity.
Masaya: ...I'll be taking my leave now. It's almost time for me to start coaching.
Aoi: Coaching, huh? That has a nostalgic ring to it.
Masaya: ...Excuse me.
Aoi: ......
Asuka: Um, Hinata-san. Hinata-saaan?
Masaya: Ah...! S-Sorry.
Asuka: Geez, I was wondering what happened because you were all silent.
Kurashina-san expresses her anger like a child throwing a tantrum as she puffs up her cheeks.
Asuka: Um, did I say anything strange?
Masaya: Uh, no, not at all.
Asuka: What a relief! I was worried I said something that killed the mood.
She smiles cheerfully.
Masaya: (Sorry. I'm lying to you.)
I apologize to her in my mind.
I mean, my personal problems have nothing to do with her.
That trauma is mine alone. I can't get her involved in it.
Masaya: Alright, I guess it's about time to head back...
The sun is setting, which means twilight is fast approaching.
It'll be a lot more difficult to fly back without guidelights soon.
However, that somewhat wistful atmosphere is torn apart by--
? ? ?: OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO!
Masaya: The hell?!
Asuka: Eek!
A loud laugh fills the air.
Masaya: Wh-What was that...?
Asuka: D-Didn't it come from over there?
I direct my eyes over to where Kurashina-san points.
And as I look over, I spot a guy and a girl who seem to be in the middle of an argument on the beach.
Asuka: L-Let's hurry! We have to break up their fight!
Masaya: Huh? Seriously?!
I hurriedly follow Kurashina-san, who runs off toward them without skipping a beat.
Satouin: You're getting what you deserve. Opposing me, the mighty Satouin, is as foolish as trying to outswim sharks in the Pacific Ocean!
Guy: Ugh...! Dammit! Goddammit!
A strange scene unfolds before us.
There's a pretty girl with blonde hair and a muscular guy on his knees who's prostrating himself before her.
The girl called herself "Satouin." No idea what characters her name is written with, but is she a foreigner?
I don't know the name of the guy. Only thing I can tell from this distance is that he's jacked.
The two of us are watching the situation unfold from bushes that are about ten meters away from them.
Asuka: What's going on there? A duel?
Masaya: I'm surprised that's the first thing that came to your mind.
Asuka: My dad reads a bunch of manga with fights in them. Oh, something's happening!
I return my gaze to them just in time to see Satouin-san start to speak.
Satouin: Shion-san... was it?
Seems like the brawny guy is Shion.
Both of them have pretty unusual names.
Satouin: With your old-fashioned style, you have no hope of ever defeating me!
Shion: Damn it! That's not true! There's no way that's true!
Masaya: (Oh, okay, now I get it.)
I finally realize what's going on as I listen in on their conversation.
Asuka: Um... Hinata-san.
Masaya: Hm?
Asuka: Doesn't seem like they were in a fight. Feels more like they were competing somehow...
Masaya: Yeah... They were actually--
Right as I'm about to answer Kurashina-san, I get interrupted by the girl who called herself Satouin.
Satouin: "Satou" may join "Suzuki" as one of the most common names in our country, but my name contains the noble "in" suffix. There isn't a single person at Kunahama Academy who could possibly defeat me in a Flying Circus match!
Flying Circus.
It's a world-renowned sport that makes use of Grav Shoes. And it just so happens to be the most popular sport here in Shitou City.
But above all else...
Asuka: Flying Circus...
Kurashina-san repeats the name of the sport hesitantly.
Asuka: Well, we've learned more about her name.
Masaya: That's your biggest takeaway?
What's the big deal with the "in" suffix, anyway? Why's she talking it up so much? I don't get it.
Satouin: Very well then. Since you've lost, your school has forfeited the privilege of using it.
Shion: Ugh... A-Anything but that!
Satouin: I was gracious enough to give you ten tries. From now on, having lost the right to use it, you are to call Kunahama Academy an "academic stitute." Feel the shame of your defeat each and every time you use it.
Shion: Th-There's no way I can use such a silly name!
Satouin: You're acting most pathetic for a senior, Shion-san.
I don't exactly get what's going on, but it seems like that Shion person is from our school?
And since she said he's a senior, that also means he's a year older than me.
Well, I have literally no idea what all this stuff about losing the last two letters of our school name means, though...
Masaya: I want to help him, but...
Does it have to be FC of all things?
I'm at a loss. Should I step in?
Asuka: Hey, over here!
Masaya: Huh?
Kurashina-san suddenly stands up and yells at the haughty girl as I hesitate.
Satouin: Hey! Wh-Who goes there?!
Shion: Uh, what?
The sudden appearance of a new challenger has both Satouin-san and Shion-san surprised.
Asuka: Oh, um...
A cheerful smile that doesn't fit the situation at all forms on Kurashina-san's face as she speaks.
Asuka: You just said Kunahama Academy has no one who can defeat you, right? Well, I'm a Kunahama student, so I take offense to that! How about you try me on for size?!
Masaya: She can't be serious...
What are you thinking, Kurashina-san?
Satouin: H-Hmph. I never expected another challenger to appear. Fine. If you're that confident, I will return those last two letters should you win.
Asuka: Huh? You're going to face me?
Surprisingly, Satouin-san appears to be willing to take her up on her offer.
...Hold on, there's no way this'll work.
Satouin: I take it you have experience with Flying Circus?
Asuka: No, this is the first I've ever heard of it.
Satouin: Huh?
Asuka: I only just flew on my own for the first time yesterday.
Satouin: You better stop messing around! Who do you think you're facing?!
Great, now she's pissed.
I knew this'd happen.
Someone who has next to no experience flying can't possibly face a Skywalker who's equipped with FC Grav Shoes.
Masaya: I'll apologize on her behalf. Please forget she ever--
Satouin: ...You've left me with no other choice, then. I shall teach you.
Masaya: Huh?! You're still going through with it?!
Asuka: Wow! Thanks, I <i>really</i> appreciate it!
I assumed Kurashina-san's lack of experience meant her challenge was going nowhere, but boy was I wrong.
Satouin: Good grief... Why do I have to do this?
She pulls a whiteboard out of god knows where, then begins her lecture.
Satouin: Normally, Flying Circus matches are conducted in a 300 meter square that's formed over the sea.
Satouin: They're always one versus one. The player who collects the most points within ten minutes wins.
Satouin: There are two ways of scoring. One involves touching your opponent's back. The other is touching the four buoys in order.
Satouin: However, since you have no Flying Circus experience, we'll go with two buoys and a five minute time limit.
Satouin: That's all. Do you have any questions? Feel free to ask me anything. After all, it is an extremely compli--
Asuka: It's fine! I understand!
Satouin: R-Really? But it took me half a year to learn the rules...
Satouin-san continues to grumble, but eventually lets up and speaks properly.
Satouin: Okay, we'll begin in five minutes! Make sure to warm up while you can!
Masaya: I can't believe this is happening...
I check Kurashina-san's shoes and adjust them for FC use.
However, there's already a massive handicap in place since she's using normal shoes instead of FC ones.
Shion: I-I'm sorry for getting you two involved...
Shion-san has been apologizing to us over and over the entire time.
Asuka: It's alright. Honestly, hearing about Flying Circus has got me all fired up!
Kurashina-san, in contrast, doesn't really seem nervous at all.
In fact, she's so relaxed that she comes off confident.
Masaya: How are you planning on beating her?
Maybe she's got some amazing plan in mind?
Asuka: No idea!
Masaya: ...<i>Seriously?</i> You've got no plan?
I only now realize that she's not actually confident at all. It's just that she has no reason to feel fear.
Masaya: Guess I have no choice, then. I'll try to guide you as well as I can, so just do as I say.
Asuka: Huh? Do you have experience with Flying Circus?
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...Maybe a little.
Shion: Oh, if you're going to coach her, use this.
Shion-san hands me a pair of headsets that are designed for FC matches.
With these, it's possible for the player to communicate with someone on the sidelines.
Shion: I can't lend you my shoes because of the size difference, but I can at least let you use these.
Masaya: Thanks. These'll come in handy.
I immediately attach one of them to my ear, then put the other one on Kurashina-san.
Masaya: Listen up, here's the plan...
Asuka: Okay!
Satouin: ...I don't even know what to say. I never imagined you'd be using normal school shoes.
Asuka: I'll try my best with these!
Satouin: Fine. I won't hold back.
Satouin: Shion-san, can you be the referee?
Shion: M-Me? Sure.
Satouin: Like I explained earlier, the time limit is five minutes. The one who scores the most points wins.
Satouin: I'll be taking you on fair and square. Make sure to fight me in a way that won't put your school's name to shame.
Asuka: Got it!
Satouin: Off we go!
With that, Satouin-san flies off ahead of Kurashina-san.
Asuka: Huh? She's already flying? Was that a premature start? Or what, did she run away?
Masaya: I forgot to mention that you start at the first buoy.
Asuka: So you start in the air, huh? Alright, then I'll fly over there too. FLY!
Masaya: Be careful. Don't push yourself too hard.
Asuka: I won't!
Asuka: Um, is this the starting position?
Satouin: You really <i>are</i> an amateur. Yes, it is.
After confirming that they're in position on the left and right side of the first buoy, it's time to begin.
Shion: I'll be starting the match now.
Asuka: Ready!
Satouin: Likewise.
Shion: Set!
Satouin: ......
Asuka: ......
Both of them dash forward as soon as they hear the whistle.
Asuka: Uh, w-wait...!
Well, not really both of them. Kurashina-san's start is way too slow to group them together.
Satouin: What are you doing?
Satouin-san, on the other hand, assumes a beautiful flying form, effectively reducing air resistance the moment she launches.
Satouin: Alright! That's number one!
Shion: One point for Satouin!
She easily outruns Kurashina-san and successfully touches the second buoy.
Masaya: (She's good.)
Seems she isn't all talk. Impressive.
Her form is extremely beautiful.
She isn't using any of the finer techniques, but seeing how fast and stable her flight is...
I can tell she's quite an advanced Skywalker. What's more, it's obvious she's going easy on Kurashina-san.
Masaya: (Man, Kurashina-san's got no chance...)
Satouin: A-Alright, I'll go for the next point now!
Satouin-san quickly levels out and advances in the direction of the first buoy.
Naturally, Kurashina-san is in her way, but she's just floating in place, flustered and unsure what to do.
Asuka: Hinata-san, wh-what should I do?
I hear Kurashina-san's voice through the headset.
Masaya: Stay calm. First, block your opponent's path.
Asuka: How?
Masaya: Spread out your arms and ready your legs to move both left or right. Basically, try to act like a goalie in soccer.
Asuka: L-Like this?
Kurashina-san's stance has changed.
Masaya: Right, you then apply pressure to your opponent as you...
Satouin: Do you really think you can stop me with such a feeble attempt at defense?!
Asuka: Oh no! Sh-She's here!
Masaya: Perform a feint and go for her rear!
Asuka: R-Roger!
Right as Satouin-san passes her, Kurashina-san desperately moves her body, turning sideways, and tries to touch her back.
Unfortunately...
Asuka: I-It didn't work!
Satouin-san easily slips past Kurashina-san's hand.
Masaya: ...I guess it was naive to think that would work.
Asuka: N-No way!
After that, Satouin-san effortlessly touches the first buoy.
Shion: Point for Satouin!
Satouin: Ohohohohohoho! I assumed you were skilled since you dared to challenge me, but I see now that you're nowhere near a worthy opponent!
Satouin-san laughs loudly.
And sure enough, the match continued to play out in a completely one-sided fashion with her on the offensive...
Asuka: Aaah!
Asuka: Ugh, again!
Asuka: No, she got past me again...
Next thing I know, there's only one minute left and Satouin-san has nine points.
Satouin: Well then, allow me to take point number ten!
Asuka: C-Coach...
When I look up at the sky, all I see is a triumphant noblewoman standing before an almost crying Kurashina-san.
Masaya: T-Timeout! Timeout!
Satouin: When did they start allowing timeouts in FC?
Masaya: In Shogi, Go, and Othello, beginners can take some time to consider their next move, right?
Satouin: ...I suppose you have a point.
What an understanding person.
Masaya: Kurashina-san, come down.
Asuka: Okay.
Masaya: ...We have no choice. Let's give the thing I mentioned earlier a try.
Asuka: B-But I can't even fly properly yet. Are you sure I can do it?
Masaya: You're not going to score a single point at this rate.
Asuka: W-Well...
Masaya: Does that not frustrate you?
Honestly, it's probably a bit mean to put it like that.
But this is an all too familiar exchange to me. Though back then, the people involved were all different.
Asuka: ......
And because of that, I still remember what "he" said at that time.
Asuka: I don't want to lose like this. I want to score at least a single point...!
Masaya: Good!
That's why I deliberately provoked her.
Satouin: Come on, what's taking you so long? Know that simply giving up at this point is a valid option.
Elated, Kurashina-san points at Satouin-san, who is waiting up in the sky with absolute composure.
Asuka: I'm definitely going to get one point!
Satouin: Oh my...
Satouin: I quite like people with fire in their eyes. It reminds me of our cute first-year...
Satouin-san makes her hair flutter as she shouts out a response.
Satouin: Very well! Come at me, then! I shall prevail and claim those letters for good!
They prepare to resume their battle.
Shion: Alright, I'll start the timer again. There's only 50 seconds left!
She'll probably only get one chance.
If she lets it slip, time will run out and she'll lose without scoring a single point.
Masaya: (Just one. There's only one chance...)
Shion: Start!
Satouin: I shall make this quick!
Satouin-san makes her move right as the ref blows the whistle.
Masaya: Alright, go for it!
Asuka: Will do!
Kurashina-san stretches out her hands and legs upon hearing my signal, then turns face up and climbs about ten meters.
Eventually, she floats high above Satouin-san, morphing her body into a crescent shape.
Satouin: Oh my, are you planning on creating an arc to celebrate my triumphant victory?
Satouin-san unconcernedly continues her flight and is about to pass under the arc Kurashina-san has drawn.
Masaya: Perfect! Go now!
Asuka: Okay!
Satouin: Huh?!
The exact moment Satouin-san's body goes under the arc...
Asuka: Here I gooooooooo!
Kurashina-san's body straightens out and she starts to descend.
Satouin: Th-That was a trap?!
Masaya: Nice, she fell for it!
Satouin-san had only been evading attacks from the side this entire time.
From that, I deduced that she might be weak against vertical attacks.
I also figured she would be overconfident due to her enormous lead, making her careless...
Asuka: Your back is mine!
And most importantly...
Climbs and descents are a lot easier for beginners.
Satouin: Ugh! Right where it's hardest to dodge...!
Satouin-san's movements are as sloppy as I expected.
Kurashina-san's hand is rapidly approaching her back.
Satouin: Nice try, but...!
Satouin-san instantly twists her body, trying to evade the attack that was fast approaching from above.
And a mere moment before Kurashina-san's hand reaches her back...
Masaya: Damn, she dodged!
Kurashina-san's hand cuts through empty air.
And Satouin-san speeds off as if to mock her opponent.
Asuka: No!
Masaya: I guess this is it...
Satouin-san keeps her altitude consistent as she straightens out her form.
Kurashina-san, on the other hand, is rushing toward the water due to all that built up momentum.
Masaya: No...!
I inadvertently close my eyes.
However...
Masaya: ......
No matter how I long I wait, I just don't hear the loud, splashing sound of water...
Instead, an intense electrical whir resounds.
Masaya: Huh...?!
Upon opening my eyes...
Masaya: Huh...?
...I'm greeted by an unbelievable sight.
Satouin-san had definitely dodged the attack.
Satouin: How?!
And I even saw Kurashina-san diving headfirst toward the water. But somehow, she started to climb again and...
With those miraculous movements, she managed to tag the back that had escaped her moments ago.
Satouin: N-No way... This can't be...!
As for the girl who pulled that off...
Asuka: H-Huh...?
Doesn't look like it's hit her yet.
Asuka: I scored a point?
She's gazing down at her own hand with a puzzled look on her face.
And while everyone, including Kurashina-san herself, is dumbfounded...
Shion: Wooow! Amazing! I haven't seen an Airkick Turn in years!
Shion-san alone roars out with joy.
Masaya: An Airkick Turn... I see.
It's a Flying Circus technique that requires a very high level of skill and, above all, exceptional physical abilities.
It's an advanced technique that allows an individual to explosively kick off the air to quickly change directions.
And this girl, who just started flying by herself yesterday, managed to pull it off.
Unreal.
Satouin: I-I can't believe a girl who only started flying yesterday scored a point on me... How shameful!
Satouin-san is putting on a show for everyone to see. Seems she's not even trying to hide her shock.
She's fallen to her knees and is covering her face with both of her hands.
Asuka: Wow! I did it! I really did it! Hey, Hinata-san, did you see that?
The other girl, on the other hand, is almost bouncing with joy.
Masaya: Yeah, I did... That was amazing.
Asuka: It was my first match ever, but I managed to score a point!
That is pretty amazing...
I mean, she wasn't even using FC shoes <i>and</i> she only just learned the rules.
Plus, she's got no real flying experience at all... Still, despite all of that, she managed to score a point in a match.
That's just insane.
Masaya: (Well, that's exactly why...)
I turn toward Satouin-san.
The shock must be pretty bad.
Satouin: No...! This shows that my training is lacking!
Yep, she seems really depressed.
Masaya: Um...
I approach her to cheer her up some...
Asuka: Satouin-san!
But Kurashina-san steps forward and beats me to it.
Satouin: Wh-What do you want?! If you're planning on mocking me, then--
In front of a flinching Satouin-san, Kurashina-san assumes an upright position like a soldier standing at attention.
Asuka: Thank you so much for teaching me about Flying Circus!
Then, she bends her hips 90 degrees as she bows to her.
Satouin: U-Uh, what...?
Asuka: I know it was rude of me to challenge you, so it would have been only natural for you to ignore me, but you took the time to explain the rules to me.
Asuka: This sport is <i>super</i> fun! I'm going to work hard to get better, so I hope we can have another match someday!
Masaya: (Wow...)
She couldn't have put it better.
I was worried about what she might say, but that was pointless.
Satouin: H-Hmph... Aren't we humble. Very well, then. I shall return your school's letters to you, as promised.
Satouin: But don't think you've won! You will definitely have to face me again!
Asuka: Yes! It would be my pleasure!
Masaya: (Right, situations like these tend to go best when the competitors talk.)
I used to know that all too well.
Satouin: Just you wait! I swear on the name Satouin that I will not let you score a single point next time!
Satouin: You better remember my words! I will not forgive you if you don't!
After saying all that, Satouin-san turns her back to us and flies off.
Masaya: (That girl has a strong heart.)
Normally, an active player would be stunned by the turn of events.
Looks like she's not as weak as a certain other person I know.
Masaya: Man, that girl was <i>really</i> weird.
Asuka: But really nice, too!
Masaya: True.
Despite how rude we were being, she still courteously explained the rules to Kurashina-san.
She's pretending to be all haughty, but is actually super nice. That's what I mean by weird.
Masaya: Alright, I guess it's time for the two of us to head... Whoa!
When I turn toward Kurashina-san, I notice a giant shadow rapidly approaching me.
Shion: Woooooow! YOU GUUUUUUUUUYS!
Asuka: Wh-What the?!
Masaya: D-Damn, you startled me!
The identity of that shadow is...
Shion: Thank you! Thank you! Thank youuuuuuuuu!
Shion-san, who has been moved to tears by Kurashina-san.
Shion: That was amazing! You hardly ever get to see such an awesome Airkick Turn!
Asuka: O-Oh...?
Kurashina-san replies, somewhat bewildered. However, Shion-san just nods repeatedly in response.
Shion: You're a total beginner, yeah?
Asuka: Yes. Hinata-san is still teaching me the basics. I'm nowhere near good yet.
Shion: A-And yet you pulled off that move. That can only mean...
Shion-san bends backward, then shoots his face forward and screams.
Shion: You're a prodigy!
Asuka: Wh-Wha--!
Shion: You were born with great talent, intuition, and physical abilities! You just <i>have to</i> make use of it!
Shion: Accept your fate and become a Skywalker! Oh, also...
Shion: YOU!
Masaya: Whoa! M-Me?!
Great, he's directing his passionate gaze at me now...
Shion: The strategy you came up with, that accurate advice you were giving... Only an experienced Skywalker could manage all that!
Masaya: Uh, yeah...
Shion: I'd love to fight alongside that big brain of yours!
That sounds dumb...
However, Shion-san follows up his proposal with words that become the start of our long journey.
Shion: I want you two to join Kunahama Academy's Flying Circus Club!
Asuka: U-Um...
Masaya: (What a pain...)
After that...
Kurashina-san and I are forced to listen to Shion-san's rambling.
The sun had already set and darkness ruled over the summer night.
I'm standing there on the beach, watching the waves silently come and go. Shion-san's passionate words and the lingering trauma within my heart clash, leaving me lost in thought.
My vision was filled with blue and white.
Bright light streamed across my face and back as I was buffeted by the wind.
I was counting down inside my head.
If I kept flying at that pace, I'd reach my destination in three seconds.
I'd gone through the motions countless times already, so the right timing had practically been engraved into my body.
3, 2, 1.
Now!
Masaya: Here I go!
I hunched forward and curled my knees inward.
Masaya: Nice!
Then, I used my body like a spring to kick off the air with my legs.
I did it.
I was riding the wind as I leaped forward. The wind that had been crashing into me previously had become my ally.
I started counting again.
I had a tailwind now, so two-thirds of the previous figure was enough.
And so, I went over the final 3-2-1 countdown.
Masaya: Goal!
I stopped my body instantly, as if I'd reached the spot marked on a map.
Though, there was no actual map to speak of. Still, I knew I wasn't even a millimeter off.
After taking a deep breath, I looked up to find the person I was looking for a short distance away.
Masaya: How'd I do, Aoi-san?!
I flew over to her and looked up at her face.
Aoi: I can't believe you made such a good time with an Airkick Turn mixed in.
Masaya: Wait, you mean...?
She flashed a happy smile in response to my question.
Aoi: You did great, kid. That's a new record.
Masaya: Sweet!
I jumped for joy upon hearing Aoi-san's words.
And Aoi-san simply watched me with a smile.
...It was a smile that never left her face.
Shion: Please! I'm begging you!
Asuka: U-Uh... Well...
The next morning.
Our classroom is wrapped in an unusual atmosphere.
Shion: This is the first time I've met someone like you! Join the FC club and we'll make your talent bloom together!
Asuka: Ha... Hahahaha...
All thanks to Shion-san, of course.
I don't know how he found us, but he's here trying to recruit us first thing in the morning.
Shion: I'm the only member right now, but it'll be fine! We'll be at three if you and Hinata join!
Asuka: Hinata-san is going to join?
Shion: Of course! I'm convinced you two will become an invincible team!
He's been like this since yesterday.
I need put a stop to this before it's too late.
Masaya: Um, Shion-san, classes are about to start. Also, it really seems like you're bothering Kurashina-san.
I try to cut in on their conversation, but he just ignores me.
Isn't there someone else who can stop him?
Madoka: You guys are being pretty noisy this morning. What's all the fuss about?
Masaya: Oh, perfect timing, Class Rep. You see, this guy's...
Madoka: Hm?
Aoyagi looks at Shion-san and...
Madoka: Oh, Big Bro.
Shion: Oh, Madoka!
Masaya: Y-You're siblings?!
Madoka: Yep. This is Shion Aoyagi. He's my older brother.
What an unexpected turn of events.
I was under the impression "Shion" was his last name. Turns out it's his first.
Madoka: Anyhow, Shion, classes are starting, so you need to leave.
Shion: Oh, okay... I'll be back again, you two!
He walks out of the classroom after making that unsettling announcement.
Madoka: I see. Guess the promising recruits he was talking about were you and Asuka-chan! He didn't mention any names, so I didn't know.
Masaya: ...He's already talking about us at home?
Madoka: Yup! It's been a while since I've last seen him that excited. Oh, Ms. Kagami is here. We'll talk more later.
Masaya: Sure...
Aoi: Looks like all of you are here. I'm starting homeroom, then.
Aoi-san goes through homeroom as always.
Then, during our break...
Asuka: I never would've expected him to be your brother, Madoka-chan.
Masaya: Yeah, that really took me by surprise too.
Madoka: Makes sense. I mean, our names aren't similar at all. Plus, we don't even look alike.
Unsurprisingly, the hot topic right now is Aoyagi's older brother.
Misaki: Mhm? Was someone here? Morning? Night?
Masaya: Just go back to sleep. It's not even lunch break yet.
Misaki: 'Kaaay.
I make the low blood pressure snoop re-enter the land of slumber.
It's better that she doesn't get involved. She'd only complicate things.
Asuka: Why does he want us to join so badly?
Madoka: Well, our school's FC club was downgraded to a circle because there aren't enough members.
Masaya: Oh... I didn't know.
I remember hearing about how clubs and circles work at orientation.
You need a certain amount of members to start up a club. If you don't have that, or the member count of an already existing club falls below the requirement, you become a circle.
Circles don't get a clubroom, club advisor, or any funds, so there's not much room to grow after you get stuck with that status.
Madoka: That's why he wants to recruit other members and become an official school club again.
Asuka: I see...
I feel bad for him.
Masaya: (Still...)
I have my reasons for not joining.
Shion: You two have decided to join, right?!
He appears before us again like he promised.
30 seconds after classes end for the day, he arrives in our classroom.
Shion: Listen, all the other members of the Flying Circus Club graduated, but if you guys join, we can regain our former strength! What do you say?!
He's pushing forward energetically. The guy's vigor incarnate.
And we're losing ground in the face of that energy...
Asuka: O-Okay, I see. In that case, I'll give it some serious thought... U-Um...
Kurashina-san is shooting glances at me as she answers his question.
Guess she's wondering what I'm going to do.
Masaya: (I should give him my answer first.)
I take a deep breath before speaking up.
Masaya: Senpai.
Shion: Mhm, what is it, Hinata? If you have any questions, I'm happy to--
Masaya: Sorry to say, but I'm not joining your club.
Shion: ...Huh?
Masaya: ...Again, sorry about that. I'll be on my way now.
Shion: Uh, err, um, Hinata?
Asuka: W-Wait, Hinata-san!
Masaya: What?
Asuka: You really aren't going to join the Flying Circus Club?
Masaya: Sorry, I just don't feel like it.
Asuka: But you seemed to know a whole lot about Flying Circus. And during the match with Satouin-san, you--
Kurashina-san tries to reason with me...
Masaya: Sorry.
But I simply cut her off and walk away.
Asuka: Hinata-san...
Masaya: Haaah...
Later that day, I'm in my bed. I couldn't even work up an appetite, and after a light dinner I'm just rolling around lazily.
The only thought on my mind is what happened earlier today.
Masaya: I went out of my way to choose a school that didn't have an FC club...
After mulling over my thoughts for a while, I shoot up out of bed.
Masaya: Oh man, things get real dirty if you don't take care of them.
I'm greeted by a pile of clutter upon opening a drawer on my shelf.
There's a baseball that I've only used a single time. Also, I can see an outdated handheld gaming device.
Masaya: Why do I still have this stuff...?
I'm convinced there's some mechanism at work that gathers all the junk you don't care about into one place.
Masaya: Not sure whether to call myself a pack rat or a sloth.
I dig through the pile and finally find what I'm looking for.
Masaya: There it is.
Then, I pull out a box that I haven't opened in a very long time.
And after that, I place it on the table.
Masaya: Guess it's been collecting a lot of dust.
I dust off the box a little before opening it.
Masaya: ......
Inside, I find a pure white body with green lines. This was an extremely popular model in the past.
I see that there are two things engraved onto them.
Aoi-san's autograph... and an important pledge.
Masaya: How many years has it been?
My Flying Circus shoes.
The performance of Grav Shoes has gone up since I last competed, making these shoes obsolete.
Plus, they're <i>way</i> too small for me now.
...No, the real reason I can't wear these again is different. Simply staring at them has me feeling depressed.
Masaya: Never thought things would turn out like this...
I let out a deep sigh before placing the shoes back in the box.
If Senpai shows up again tomorrow, I'll turn him down flat.
I'm positive that'll make him give up.
However...
I soon came to learn that there was something just as strong, or perhaps even stronger, than my resolve.
Namely, Senpai's tenacity.
Shion: Hinata, tell me! Have you had a change of heart yet?!
Oh boy, here he goes again.
Masaya: Like I said yesterday, I will <i>never</i> change my mind.
And now, here I go again.
Shion: Ugh...!
He closes his eyes and lets out a loud groan, but that still isn't enough to deter him.
Shion: Alright!
Masaya: You finally giving up?
Shion: I see now! You're testing me!
Masaya: ...Huh?
Shion: You're making sure my passion is for real. Makes sense, really! I was naive to think one or two attempts was anywhere near enough!
Aoyagi-senpai nods fiercely.
Shion: Alright, I'll take you up on that challenge! I'll do it as many times as it takes to prove myself to you!
Masaya: Listen, Senpai, you've got this all wrong. I never said anything of the so--
Shion: I'll see you again next week! Need to find a better way to show my passion before then!
Senpai storms out of the classroom without listening to me at all.
Masaya: ...Gee, thanks for listening.
Asuka: ......
And then...
From that day on, he started taking extreme measures.
Shion: Please! I need you to join!
Masaya: NO!
Shion: I'm ready to do anything, just say the word! Want me to bow to you?
Masaya: Hey, don't start doing that now! There are people watching!
Shion: You can even be the president if you want! I'm totally fine with being a normal member!
Masaya: I've never even asked for that! Look, just stop flying after me, alright?!
Shion: What <i>do</i> you want, then?! Money?! Power?!
Masaya: The only thing I want is for you to leave me alone. And don't you dare come to my house on the weekend!
This guy's nuts.
And so, after a week of him more than living up to his "as many times as it takes" promise, I find myself completely exhausted.
Misaki: Come on Mashiro. If you love me, try your best to catch me.
Mashiro: Aww, this is the worst. I love you so much, but I'm no good at flying!
It's next Monday.
After somehow shaking off Aoyagi-senpai's assault, I started Kurashina-san's flying lesson. This has become a part of my daily routine by this point.
Asuka: There...! Hah! Ngh, hah!
Kurashina-san has been getting better this entire time.
...But she's still nowhere near good enough to pull off the technique she used during that match with Satouin-san. Hell, I'd hesitate to even call her flight stable at this point.
Masaya: I'd love to see that again...
I hurriedly shake my head as those words leave my mouth.
Masaya: What the hell am I saying?
I've been thinking about Flying Circus a lot more often lately because of Senpai.
Still haven't changed my mind, though. I'll never join his club.
It's just hard not to think of FC when I'm flying around so much. Yeah, that's all.
Asuka: I-I'm back!
Kurashina-san was tottering a little at the end, but she managed to safely return to me.
Masaya: You did good out there. Seems you've finally gotten used to changing directions midair. Guess that means it's about time to wrap up your lessons for good.
Asuka: Oh, thanks...
Masaya: You should have no trouble getting around.
Wish she'd work on her form, though.
Well, she'll slowly get there as she commutes to school, so I've got no reason to worry.
Masaya: Heeey, Misaki.
Misaki: What is it?
Masaya: We're done with today's practice.
Misaki: 'Kaaay. Gimme a sec.
I shout out to my classmate, who's just goofing around, and relax my mind.
It's time I report back to Aoi-san. These lessons are finally coming to an end.
Asuka: Um, Hinata-san.
Masaya: Yeah?
Kurashina-san addresses me right as I'm about to inform her of my decision.
Asuka: Do you still not feel like joining the FC club?
Masaya: ...Yeah. Nothing's changed.
Asuka: Really?
Kurashina-san keeps pressing the matter.
Masaya: You heard me talking to Aoyagi-senpai earlier, right?
Asuka: I-I did, but... I figured maybe you weren't being honest.
Masaya: I am. I'm telling you, I don't want to join... Whoa!
Kurashina-san suddenly closes her face in on mine before speaking.
Asuka: Do you really, <i>reeeeeeally</i> mean that?
Masaya: L-Like I said, nothing's changed.
I nearly get overwhelmed by her eager spirit, but still manage to keep my composure.
Kurashina-san, however, keeps staring at me from up close. And eventually...
Asuka: ...Got it.
She quietly mutters those two words before pulling back.
Masaya: G-Good...
She seems a bit down, but I'm sure I'm just imagining that.
Maybe I was a bit rude, though... Guess I should apologize tomorrow.
Unfortunately, right now, I have no way of knowing the true meaning of her actions.
Maybe I'll find out the truth tomorrow.
Asuka: I'm going to join the FC club!
Masaya: For real?!
I somehow belt that out faster than Aoyagi-senpai.
Shion: Wait, seriously?! That's awesome! I can't believe it! Thank you so much, Kurashina!
Asuka: I'm <i>really</i> looking forward to it, Prez!
Masaya: Guess she isn't kidding.
That puzzled look on her face must have been her mulling over the decision.
Still not sure if she's joining because she actually wants to, though. Could just be doing it because I turned him down.
Not that it matters. Fact is, she's joined the club now.
Shion: Okay, let's have our first meeting today!
Asuka: Sounds good!
Shion: ......
Asuka: ......
They throw very contrived, expectation-laden looks my way.
Masaya: Cut it out.
Masaya: ......
I avert my eyes from their act, get up off my seat, and leave the classroom.
Masaya: What's their deal...?
None of them get how I feel.
FC isn't something I want to get back into.
Misaki: I saw it all.
Mashiro: Same.
Masaya: ...And?
I obviously know what they're getting at, but I still ask them to elaborate.
Misaki: Seems like you got roped into something fun. What was that about?
Masaya: How exactly did that look fun to you?
Well, considering her <i>unique</i> personality, I guess it would look entertaining to her.
It's not the least bit entertaining to me, though.
Mashiro: Kurashina-senpai joined the FC club, huh?
Masaya: Urk...!
Misaki: To be honest, I'm also a little interested in Flying Circus.
Mashiro: Huh? You are?
Masaya: Wow, never thought I'd live to see the day you care about something other than food.
Misaki: Heh... Are you sure you can afford to be so rude? What'll you do if Mashiro and I stop hanging out with you?
Masaya: Y-You don't mean you...!
Misaki pulls a paper out from her breast pocket and waves it in front of me.
Misaki: Mashiro, please read out what's written at the top.
Mashiro: Roger that. Um, the first word is "Club." Then comes "Admission." And lastly, "Form."
Masaya: ...I see.
Nothing worth getting worked up over. They just want to join the FC club.
Misaki: So yeah, we've got our first meeting after this, but the only guy in the club is Prez. That's why we're wandering around, looking to see if some random guy wants to join.
Mashiro: Huh? Misaki-senpai, I spy a random guy!
Misaki: Wow, good catch! And he also happens to be super athletic and good at all kinds of sports. He's the perfect fit for our club.
Masaya: ...I'm heading out now.
Misaki: Oh my...
Mashiro: We'll be waiting for you, Hinata-senpaaai!
Madoka: Oh, what's wrong? You look pretty down in the dumps.
Masaya: Is it that obvious?
Madoka: I'm sorry about all this. Looks like Shion's been causing you a lot of problems.
Masaya: You can say that again... But anyway, are you going somewhere?
I notice she's holding a gym bag in her hands. Now that I think of it, she seems to be heading in the direction of the school gate.
Madoka: Um, yeah, somewhere...
Aoyagi's reply is pretty vague.
Masaya: And that "somewhere" is?
Madoka: I'm Shion Aoyagi's little sister, remember?
Masaya: Figured.
Madoka: Yeah, you have the right idea. I've decided to become the club's manager. Though, we're not an <i>actual</i> club until we have one more member...
...You've gotta be kidding me.
That means all the people I usually spend time with have joined the FC club.
Madoka: Also, since Shion asked me to, I'll go ahead and say this...
Madoka: For what it's worth, I'd also like you to join the club.
Masaya: Duly noted.
Madoka: Hahaha. Look, don't take it the wrong way. I'm not doing this for him, I swear. I just really want you to join us.
Masaya: You serious?
Madoka: Yeah. Considering how the other members are, it's bound to be fun. Don't you want to be a part of that?
Bound to be fun, huh?
Madoka: Anyway, Shion is waiting for me, so I'll be going now.
Masaya: Later...
I see Aoyagi off with that half-hearted reply.
And so, after fending off Senpai's aggressive recruiting tactics, I find myself forsaken by everyone.
The next day...
Something outrageous happens.
Aoi: Okay, I'm starting homeroom now.
Aoi: Oh, also, this isn't all that important, but starting today, I'm the club advisor for the FC Circle.
Aoi: With all the new members, we're just one short of being promoted to a club.
Aoi: What's wrong, Masaya? You look about ready to snap.
Masaya: Ms. Kagami, we need to have a talk in the faculty room later.
Aoi: ...That's usually a teacher's line.
Once classes end, I immediately head over to the faculty room to speak with Aoi-san.
Aoi: There you are. Get in here.
She doesn't really get flustered or anything and just calmly observes me.
Masaya: Let's cut to the chase. How much of this did you plan out in advance?
Aoi: What are you accusing me of, exactly?
Masaya: That unexpected match, Senpai's sudden recruitment drive, and you becoming the club advisor.
Aoi: Sounds like a string of coincidences to me.
Masaya: Ms. Kagami!
Aoi: Don't you think you're going a bit too far?
She looks pretty mad about my accusation.
Masaya: Ah...! I'm sorry.
I hurriedly apologize.
However, she just smiles in response.
Aoi: Well, I guess I can't really blame you for that. Things <i>did</i> work out to my benefit.
Masaya: Right?
Aoi: But I'm sorry to say this is all a coincidence. Judge the situation however you want, but just know I wasn't behind any of it.
If she had been pulling strings, she would have just admitted it. I only started trusting her because she's such an honest person.
Wait, that means this is some work of fate...
But even so...
Masaya: Um, I still don't--
Aoi: I know. I would've been a lot more aggressive if time was enough to heal your wounds.
Aoi-san shrugs as she responds.
Aoi: There, take a look.
She points at the window.
Outside, I see the Flying Circus Club starting practice.
Kurashina-san, Misaki, and Arisaka are standing before Aoyagi-senpai with solemn expressions on their faces.
Masaya: Um, what--
Aoi: Just keep watching.
I listen to her advice.
Shion: I-I'm going to start our FC club's practice now!
Shion: First off, we're going to do some weight training to build our muscles!
Misaki: You serious? I don't wanna get thick arms.
Mashiro: I can't possibly lift anything heavy.
Asuka: Um, is that really going to make us fly better...?
Shion: I-It probably will! J-Just trust me...
Shion: I-I'll explain in more detail when our advisor arrives!
Everyone: Oh, come on...
Misaki: Oh, come on...
Mashiro: Oh, come on...
Asuka: Oh, come on...
An outsider like me can't really complain, but their first practice session seems to already be a disaster.
The president doesn't appear to be confident in his instructions, which has filled the other members with doubt.
Masaya: Man, that's the wrong approach. They should be doing exercises that help them build up their stamina or improve their reflexes.
Aoi: That will improve their overall physical performance and allow them to practice more efficiently in the future, right?
Masaya: ...That's what you taught me.
Aoi-san nods upon hearing my words.
Aoi: Why not pass on that wisdom?
Masaya: Huh?
Aoi: I'm not telling you to return as a player. Instead, why not try your hand at coaching?
Masaya: Me, a coach...
I will admit that the idea is less stressful than returning as a player.
However, I know getting involved with FC will eventually force me to face my demons, whether I want to or not.
And I have no interest in digging up old memories.
Aoi: Those girls are like newborn chicks. They can't even fly properly.
Aoi: Someone needs to show them the ropes. The real fun begins once they learn to fly properly.
Aoi: And I think you're perfect for that role.
Masaya: ......
All sorts of emotions swirl around inside my head.
My thoughts on the matter are still fairly muddled, but there's also a part that's more clear than before.
However, I can't bring myself to say yes right away.
I mean, the way I see it, my feelings of wanting to avoid the sky entirely can't just be brushed aside.
And so...
Masaya: ...I'll think about it.
I put it off for later.
I give Aoi-san, who's gazing at me intently, a non-answer.
Aoi: Fine.
She doesn't get angry, nor does she smile.
Instead, she simply accepts my words with an understanding look in her eyes.
Then, she raises her hand casually. That's when I realize the conversation is over and take my leave.
I slowly pull the faculty room door open, walk through it, turn around, and give her a light bow.
And after all that, I quietly close the door.
Masaya: Phew...
I let the tension escape my body as I lean against a pillar next to the door.
I'm finally breathing properly again. Great.
Guess this was bound to happen eventually.
I had been avoiding the sky as much as possible, doing my best not to even look at it.
But now, it seems to be pulling me back to it.
Almost feels like it's saying, "It's been long enough, don't you think?"
Masaya: ...Well, I can't deny that I'm being a big baby.
I stare down at my feet.
I should be used to seeing my slippers there, but the sight still feels unnatural to me.
The wings I obtained as a child have dulled and disappeared.
Masaya: ...I'm sorry.
Pathetic. I don't even know who I'm apologizing to.
Asuka: Ah...! Hinata-san.
Upon hearing that voice...
I turn toward its owner.
Asuka: So this is where you've been.
She says happily, seemingly out of breath.
Masaya: I thought you had practice?
Why is she here?
Asuka: I did, but I came running because I want to talk to you.
Masaya: You do?
My heart's beating a mile a minute.
Yeah, I know <i>exactly</i> what she's going to say.
Asuka: Well, um...
She starts to speak as she fixes an unwavering gaze on me. Seems she's worried about how I'll react, but that doesn't seem to be stopping her.
Asuka: Please teach me Flying Circus.
Bingo.
She couldn't have been more obvious.
Or more determined, frankly.
Asuka: I'm sorry. I know it's rude of me to ask, but I can't help it.
Asuka: Um, I'm sure you have a good reason for not wanting to join...
Asuka: But I still want you to be my coach.
She hits me dead center with her passionate request.
Her assault forces the memories I'd been trying to seal away to the front of my mind.
Masaya: Why?
Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: Why do you want me, of all people, to teach you?
Masaya: I mean, can't you just get someone else?
Asuka: Good question.
Kurashina-san flashes me a smile as she responds to my question.
Asuka: Well, you're the one who showed me how fun flying can be!
Asuka: So I want you to teach me much, much more. That way, I'll learn to enjoy flying more and more.
Asuka: That's my reason.
Masaya: Ah...
Because of those words...
...the slightly ajar door to my memories swings wide open.
Masaya: Hey, teach me how to fly.
Aoi: Isn't that what I'm doing?
Masaya: That's not what I mean... Um, I want you to teach me Flying Circus.
Aoi: Huh, that's awful sudden... Wait, why me?
Masaya: 'Cause you're the one who made me wanna fly.
Aoi: ...Pfft!
Aoi: Hahahaha! Hahahaha...!
Masaya: Wh-Why are you laughing?!
Aoi: My bad. It's just, seeing you say that with such a serious look on your face is a riot.
Masaya: Come on...
Aoi: Fine. Sorry I laughed at you.
Masaya: Wait, you mean...
Aoi: Yeah, I'll teach you all I know about flying. Then, you can soar through the sky and have as much fun as possible.
Masaya: Cool!
Aoi: For starters, I'll teach you some magic words.
Masaya: Magic words...?
Aoi: Yeah. Words that'll give you strength even when you're sad or in pain.
Masaya: Sounds awesome! Go on! Tell me!
Aoi: Okay, listen closely...
Back then, flying was the thing I enjoyed most in the world.
That was why I got hooked on a sport that let me take it to the next level.
My dream eventually ended up getting shattered, so I ran away from the sky, but...
I can't keep others from enjoying the fun of it for selfish reasons.
Masaya: ......
I take a few deep breaths as I mull over my thoughts.
Then, while looking Kurashina-san in the eye, I respond.
Masaya: Alright. I'll be your coach.
The moment she hears my answer...
Asuka: Really?!
Kurashina-san's expression lights up and she's positively beaming.
Asuka: Th-Thank you! I'm <i>so</i> happy!
Bet she'd be flying around right about now if she had her Grav Shoes on.
That's how happy she looks.
Masaya: Okay, first things first.
Asuka: Yes! What is it, Coach?
Masaya: Ignore everything Aoyagi-senpai said.
Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: His routine's a quick way to turn into a musclehead.
Asuka: Uh, I-I'd rather not do that. Honestly, I'd prefer to have a figure like Ms. Kagami.
Masaya: Not sure you really want a body like hers, considering... Err, forget I said that. We should hurry over to the others.
Asuka: Okay!
Kurashina-san moves toward the stairway, ready to head off to practice, then immediately turns back to me.
Asuka: Coach.
Masaya: Hm?
Now facing me again, her long, pretty hair goes up as she...
Asuka: I'm looking forward to practice!
...directs a deep bow at me.
Masaya: Same here.
We both look at each other and smile.
And I'm quite sure the smile I flashed wasn't weighed down by my trauma.
No, I know it wasn't.
We make a dash for the courtyard.
Sunlight filters in through the windows, mixing with shadows from the frames to make crisscross patterns on my face.
And on the other side of that glass... is an endless blue sky.
I take off my slippers, throw them in the locker, then put on my shoes and run over to where the other members have gathered.
Aoi: Ahhh... Guess I'll stop here for the day.
Aoi: Let's see, what are they up to?
Aoi: Huh, Masaya? Oh, wow.
Aoi: I see. Looks like you've made your decision, then.
Aoi: Welcome back, Masa--
Aoi: No, it's still too early to say that.
Aoi: I'll save those words for when things heat up and you're having a lot more fun.
Aoi: That's for the best, right?
★: Chapter 1 -- End.
Masaya: Haaah... Haaah... Hi guys.
I've run over to where everyone's waiting.
The rest of the members turn toward me as I address them.
Madoka: Huh? It's Hinata-kun. Oh, and Asuka-chan is back too.
Misaki: Oh my, Masaya-san. What's up with that serious look on your face?
Mashiro: He may look serious at first glance, but he also seems pretty nervous, don't you think?
Misaki: Nervous, huh...? Mufufufuh. Bet he's about to say something real embarrassing.
Mashiro: Mufufufuh. Agreed.
Masaya: Cut it out.
I walk past the two girls who are teasing me despite knowing exactly what I'm about to say.
Then, I position myself in front of Shion-san.
Shion: Oh, Hinata? You don't have to say anything. I totally get how you feel.
He moves up to me and nods deeply several times.
Shion: After a long, long time, my sincerity has finally gotten through to you... Am I right?
Masaya: I don't think it's been <i>that</i> long... No, forget that, we need to talk.
Shion: We need to talk? Hrm... You telling me to crack your riddle, huh? Oh, I know, you want me to say something to win you over, right?
How did he come to that conclusion?
Masaya: No, you've got it all wrong.
Shion: We may have been born on different days, but let's die on the same one!
Masaya: Look, there's no way I'm becoming your blood brother.
Does this guy have a thing for action movies or what? I mean, he keeps taking everything I say as a challenge and now he even wants to become blood brothers.
Masaya: I meant something completely different... Listen, I saw your plans for practice, and trust me, it needs to change. Starting with weight training is a bad idea.
Shion: R-Really?
Masaya: <i>Of course!</i>
Shion-san strikes a bodybuilder's pose in response to my words.
Shion: Clearly it's necessary to grow your muscles first! Muscles are love! Muscles are life!
Masaya: Don't force your biases onto everyone else. Sure, you need muscles to maintain a beautiful flying form. And yes, they help you gain more precise control over your body to increase your speed, but...
Shion: See, muscles really are--
Masaya: But! Exercises that improve reflexes and strengthen your core come first. Beginners have to start there!
Shion: O-Oh really?
Masaya: Yes, really. Beginners need to start by learning to maintain proper form. Weight training can throw that off entirely.
Misaki: How interesting.
Misaki nimbly forces herself between me and Shion-san.
Misaki: You sure know a lot about FC. Tell me, did you come all the way here just to yell at Prez?
Misaki places her hand over her mouth and grins like the Wicked Witch of the West.
Mashiro: I'm preeetty sure that's not the only reason.
...Damn it.
Damn you, Arisaka. You sure know how to corner someone.
Asuka: Hinata-san, come on, tell them!
Kurashina-san's face closes in on me.
Masaya: I just, um...
Madoka: Um... I have blank club admission forms on me. Want one?
Masaya: Uh, well...
Misaki: God, what are you doing?! Why'd you just go and spell it out like that? I wanted to tease Masaya some more.
Mashiro: Yeah, you <i>totally</i> ruined the moment. It would've been fun watching him squirm.
Madoka: Sorry, but I can't take the second-hand embarrassment.
Masaya: Thanks for the save!
Mashiro: So you were about to squirm?
Masaya: No way!
Mashiro: Prove it.
Masaya: How am I supposed to do that?
Mashiro: You tell me!
Masaya: Oh, come on...
Misaki: Yaaay! Masaya's joining us!
Mashiro: We got five members now.
Madoka: Ah! That means we're an actual club now, right, Shion?
Shion: Oh, true! Yeaaah! This is <i>so</i> sweet! My burning spirit has ignited everyone's passion for FC! That's what this means, right, Hinata?!
Masaya: No, look...
Shion: Right?! Yeah, I did it!
Masaya: H-Hey, get your face away from me!
Madoka: Sorry. My brother tends to get overwhelmed by emotion easily.
Misaki: Hahaha... Hahahaha. Masaya's in! He's in! He's in! He's in!
Masaya: Why are you running around me? Stop.
Mashiro: He's in! He's in! He's in!
Masaya: Don't just join her!
Asuka: He's in! He's in! He's in!
Masaya: You too?!
Kurashina-san circles around me like the other two for a while, but then...
Asuka: ......
Misaki: Whoa... Don't just suddenly stop.
Asuka: ......
Kurashina-san stops in her tracks and gets serious.
Asuka: Tell them now, Hinata-san!
Masaya: O-Okay.
Overwhelmed by Kurashina-san's serious attitude, I inadvertently ended up nodding.
When she looks at me with those earnest eyes of hers, it's hard to say no. Actually, maybe it's more accurate to say they force a yes out of me?
I imagine she'd earn a fortune as a salesman...
Masaya: Okay, let me properly introduce myself. The name's Masaya Hinata. Starting today, I'll be a part of your FC club. Here's to a fun year together!
I say, then give a quick bow.
Asuka: Yay!
Kurashina-san bounces up and down like a rabbit.
Misaki, on the other hand, drops her shoulders exhaustedly.
Misaki: Haaah... Man, you should've just been straight with us.
Mashiro: Are you actually a shy person?
Masaya: Hold on. I'm not done.
Asuka: Y-Yes?
Misaki: ...It's too late to back out now, got it?
Masaya: I'll join, but not as a Skywalker.
Misaki: Wait, why not?
Mashiro: What else is there to do?
Madoka: Do you want to be the second manager?
Masaya: No point in having two managers with only five members. I've decided to be your coach.
I turn to face Shion-san.
Masaya: Well, with your permission, Prez. This may sound a bit rude, but I think I'm a better fit for the job than you.
Shion: Hmm... If you really wanna do that, then go right ahead. Can't you do both, though?
I form a grim expression, tensing up my brows, then fixate my eyes on Shion-san before responding.
Masaya: ...I don't want to be a player.
Shion: ...Okay.
He nods, apparently approving of my decision.
Like I thought, he's the kind of person who you can get through to with a show of determination.
Misaki: But can you <i>actually</i> coach?
Asuka: He can! He even helped me score a point in a match the other day, and I had zero experience!
Misaki: Hmm...
Shion: If you're gonna be our coach, that makes you everyone's second, yeah?
Mashiro: Prez, I have a question!
Shion: Sure. What do you wanna know?
Mashiro: What's a "second"? Is that like the second baseman who works with the shortstop to cover the infield?
Madoka: Why do you know so much about baseball?
Mashiro: I've watched a lot of "MLB: The Movie" let's plays.
Masaya: ...You know what, allow me to explain.
I take over for Prez.
A second relays instructions to a Skywalker during matches.
Normal sports have level playing fields, but FC makes use of a three-dimensional space. That means an opponent can be anywhere around you.
Due to that fact, players often lose sight of their opponent.
The most basic function of a second is to help track their partner's opponent.
There were no seconds when FC was first invented, which led to matches turning completely one-sided after players lost sight of their opponent. In order to combat that issue, a supporting role was added to the sport.
Masaya: Anyway, back to the original question. Yeah, I'm planning on being both a coach and a second.
Mashiro: Really? Hm...
Masaya: I'm not telling you to suddenly trust me. Honestly, it'll probably have a steep learning curve, but I want to give it my best shot.
Mashiro: Oh, my bad. I wasn't trying to make it seem like I hate the idea. In fact, I think the job suits you.
Misaki: Yep. I can totally see you lovingly coaching people. I mean, you're the kinda guy who always has to help people in need.
Masaya: You couldn't be more off the mark.
Mashiro: But why are you so against being a player?
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: Come on, don't give me the silent treatment. Is it something you don't want to talk about? If so, I'm sorry.
Arisaka bows her head apologetically.
Masaya: No, it's not like that...
I try to ease her mind.
Misaki: You hurt or something? Like, maybe you have an injury that prevents you from doing FC?
Like in every other sport, injuries often force people out of FC.
However, that's not the reason in my case.
Masaya: No. It's just, way back in the day... I realized my limits as a player. That's all.
Asuka: Hinata-san...
Kurashina-san quietly mumbles.
Misaki: If he's saying that's all there is to it, then let's leave it at that. I'm in favor of him being our coach. I mean, I feel like we'd turn into hulking monsters instead of flying fairies if we followed Prez's training regimen.
Asuka: I'm <i>really</i> in favor of it, obviously!
Madoka: Same.
Shion: Got it! Very well then, Masaya Hinata! I'm entrusting you with the role of coach and second!
Masaya: Thank you.
Asuka: Yaaay! Now I know things are gonna be fun!
Misaki: But what do we do if Masaya ends up being a sadistic drill sergeant?
Mashiro: Whoa... I can actually see that happening. I'm scared...
Masaya: Don't worry. There's no chance of that happening.
Asuka: I'd be <i>totally</i> fine with that!
Misaki: Wow, that's pretty bold, Asuka.
Asuka: I-I can deal with a few slaps here and there!
Masaya: That's never happening.
Asuka: Please be rough with me, Coach!
Masaya: Look, why don't you try actually listening...? Ugh, whatever. Anyway, as your second, I'll be using your first names from now on.
Mashiro: Why's that?
Masaya: Last names have a distant feel to them, right? That can get in the way during matches.
FC is a sport that demands concentration, so a sense of familiarity between a Skywalker and their second helps. In other words, the mental state of players often determines the outcome of a match.
Asuka: Wait, you're going to start calling me Asuka now?
Masaya: Right. You can use my first name too.
Asuka: O-Okay! Copy that!
Misaki: But that means nothing changes for the two of us. That's no fun... You can call me Misameow, if you want, Masameow.
Masaya: Stop it.
Mashiro: Mashiromeow, Mashimeow... What now? Both of those sound terrible.
Misaki: Meowshiro works, right?
Mashiro: I'm going with that!
Masaya: No, you're not. I'm going to use your normal names. Let's keep things simple.
Shion: Mhm. Guess you'll be calling me Shion, then.
Masaya: No, I'm going to go with Prez.
He's my senior, so I'd feel weird calling him Shion. It might actually make our relationship more awkward instead of improving it.
Masaya: Okay, with that out of the way, it's time to get practice started.
Asuka: Ready when you are!
Misaki: Let's have some fun.
Mashiro: I'm good to go!
Shion: It's our time to shine! Soon, we'll rise up against all the schools that treat us like dirt! My biceps and triceps are tingling with excitement! I wanna start running right now!
Masaya: We're the Kunahama Academy FC Club, so at least make that flying. Anyway, now that we're an official club--
Misaki: Phew... I'm beat. Feels like I've accomplished something amazing today. Let's go grab some food and celebrate!
Mashiro: Sounds good! I'd like something sweet.
Misaki: Good idea. But, y'know, it'd be better to start with something salty. Like, the sweetness of ice cream comes out better if you eat chips first, right? Or think of how red-bean soup tastes better after a nice rice cake soup.
Mashiro: Great thinking, Misaki-senpai. You always know what's best. I'm <i>totally</i> down.
Masaya: No, you aren't. Celebrating comes later. First, we need to have an open, honest discussion to help me develop a workout routine for each of you.
Misaki: Why so serious, Masaya?
Asuka: It's good that he's taking this seriously! After all, I wanna become the best Skywalker I can be!
Misaki: Wow, someone's motivated. How cute!
Masaya: This is our first practice session, so why not follow her example? Tell me, does anyone other than Prez have any experience?
Mashiro: Nope. I've watched a few matches, though.
Asuka: Only that one match.
Misaki: Me, meee. I have experience.
Masaya: Really?
Misaki: Yep. I tried it out a little before I moved here.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai is good at every sport! I'm sure you'll see great things from her! She's the rising star of our club!
Masaya: Right, Misaki really can do anything.
She's the kind of person who's good at everything without putting in any effort. I'm real jealous.
Masaya: What was your style?
Misaki: Hmm... I've done a bit of everything, so whatever you want.
Masaya: Don't act like that isn't impressive.
Misaki: Well, what do you want me to say? Just pick whatever you want.
Masaya: Okay, let me change the question. Which style do you prefer?
Misaki: Hmm... I guess Fighter? Rushing in headfirst is a lot more fun than hanging back on defense.
Masaya: And you're a Speeder, right, Prez?
Prez strikes a bodybuilder pose as he hears my words.
Shion: Of course! I'm a total speed demon! Real men live on speed! Listen, when I'm in the ring, I'm after <i>speed,</i> not points!
Masaya: Yeah, you really should be going after points... If speed's all you want, shouldn't you move to a different sport?
Shion: There's something far more important than winning and losing. To me, the <i>vanishing point</i> is worth more than any normal point! Every man dreams of going fast enough to reach it!
Masaya: Uh, like I said, shouldn't you go with a different sport?
I guess FC <i>is</i> the only popular sport that uses Grav Shoes.
Short and long distance races do exist, but they're not really a big thing.
Marathons that, for instance, involve things like flying across the whole American continent also get some viewership, but I'm not sure that's really a sport.
There is a sport called "Super Fly," though. It's an extreme race where you have to keep flying straight for at least 100 miles, but that isn't really a thing in Japan.
Asuka's hand shoots up.
Asuka: I have a question, Coach! What do Fighter and Speeder mean?
Masaya: Those are FC playstyles. There are three in total. Fighter, All-Rounder, and Speeder.
Asuka: Playstyles...
Masaya: Let's start with Fighter. Fighters try to score points by attacking their opponents directly.
Asuka: You mean by touching the opponent's back?
Masaya: Right. One touch is one point. Speeders are the opposite. They avoid their opponents and score points by racing between the four buoys.
Asuka: Buoys are those things that float in the air, right?
Asuka looks up at the practice buoys that are floating over the water beyond the school's fence.
Masaya: Yeah, that's right. They use anti-gravity to float. If you touch a buoy ahead of your opponent, you get one point.
Asuka: So, in short, you can score by either touching your opponent's back or touching a buoy.
Masaya: Exactly. By the way, an All-Rounder goes for both, like the name implies.
Asuka: What's my playstyle, then?
Masaya: You've gotta find that out on your own. We'll start you off as an All-Rounder, since that'll let you get a feel for both. But before that, you need to learn the rules.
Asuka: The rules...
Masaya: Before we go into too much detail, I'll have Prez and Misaki face off in a practice match. I'll explain more as we watch them. Hm, as for FC shoes...
Madoka: I checked our equipment. We do have a few pairs old club members left, but...
I look inside the cardboard box Madoka points to.
Masaya: These are pretty old... I assume you've got your own pair, yeah?
Shion: You bet! Balmungs from Invade with a heavy Speeder tuning.
Masaya: Wow, impressive.
Invade is an American Grav Shoe brand. They also make civilian Grav Shoes, but I've found that's not their specialty.
Balmungs, in particular, are already fine-tuned for Speeders. They can't be used for any other playstyles.
Masaya: You have Balmungs with a heavy Speeder tuning tacked on? Can you actually turn in those?
Sure, I imagine that makes him very fast, but doesn't it also make flexible movement impossible?
Shion: That's what my muscles are for!
Seem this guy has a pretty... <i>unique</i> playstyle. He's clearly not meant to coach others.
Masaya: Misaki, what's your shoe size?
Misaki: I wear a six.
Masaya: Let's see... There's nothing in that size here.
Misaki: It's fine. This just a practice match anyway, right? Normal shoes are good enough.
Masaya: Hm... Well, I guess that's true. We can grab some funds from Ms. Kagami and go buy FC shoes for everyone tomorrow.
Madoka: We're gonna get funds?
Masaya: I mean, we <i>are</i> an actual club now, so yeah.
Ms. Kagami has ulterior motives that are banking on this, so I'm sure she'll gather the funds we need for shoes.
Masaya: Can you two get started now?
Shion: Gotcha! Leave it to me!
Misaki: Aight. Let's do this...
Mashiro: I'm rooting for you, Misaki-senpai.
Misaki: Heh... Well, I can't disappoint my fans, now can I?
Shion: ......
Madoka: ...Stop. Those puppy dog eyes aren't going to work on me. I won't cheer you on.
Shion: Why not?!
Madoka: I wouldn't be caught dead cheering for my brother at my age. That's just gross!
Shion: It's not! Listen, there's nothing gross about a little sister showing her brother some love!
Madoka: That just makes it sound even worse! Geez, you're so hopeless. Fine, whatever. I'm rooting for you, Big Bro.
Shion: Sweeeeeet! Now I'll <i>definitely</i> win!
Mashiro: There's no way Misaki-senpai will lose after accepting all my love.
Misaki: I don't remember accepting anything.... But yeah, I'm gonna win.
Masaya: Look, winning doesn't matter here. I'm trying to use you two to help explain the rules, remember? Need an example of a Speeder winning first, so go do that.
Misaki: What, you're telling me to lose on purpose?
Masaya: Yeah, but really sell the loss. I'll sync up all of our headsets to make it easier. Just follow my instructions, okay?
Misaki: Gotcha.
Misaki stretches her back like a cat that just got up as she says that.
Misaki: Shall we, Prez?
Shion: Let's go!
Prez raises his heels to prepare himself for the match.
Shion: Spirit! Spirit! Spirit!
Then, he activates his Grav Shoes.
Masaya: Well, that's an... <i>interesting</i> activation key.
Madoka: This is <i>really</i> embarrassing! I wanna die!
Misaki: 'Kay, me next. Ready furr liftoff!
Misaki says her activation key, which turns on her Grav Shoes.
Masaya: And yours is just plain silly.
Misaki: Isn't it better if it sounds cute?
Mashiro: That's right. There's even the wise saying, "Cuteness is justice"!
Masaya: Sounds more cringy than cute to me...
Asuka: I have a question! What are those pretty lines that are coming out from Prez's heels?
Masaya: Oh, the light, you mean? Those are contrails.
Asuka: Like the white streaks planes leave?
Masaya: Right. It's a feature of FC Grav Shoes.
When you force a small fraction of anti-gravitons into contact with air at particular intervals, you get an effect similar to light hitting a prism.
In other words, light refracts, disperses, and reflects. The contrails used in FC are a product of this phenomenon.
Asuka: But why do only FC shoes have that light?
A reasonable question.
Masaya: Flying Circus takes place way up in the sky, which means the audience down on the ground needs an easy way to locate players.
Asuka: Oh, I see. It makes it easier to watch <i>and</i> looks cool. Nice.
Masaya: You can turn on contrails on normal Grav Shoes, but there's no real point.
Masaya: Alright, everyone get into position at first.
Misaki: 'Kaaay.
Misaki and Prez fly over the fence.
There's a steep cliff a couple meters beyond it, and then, the ocean.
FC takes place in the sky, which means you can do it anywhere. Shitou City is surrounded by the ocean, so that became the natural playing ground in our area.
Plus, it's also technically safer when there's water beneath you instead of solid ground. Though modern Grav Shoes have tons of failsafes that make getting injured from a fall impossible.
Asuka: I have another question! What's the "first" you mentioned?
Masaya: The first buoy. See those four in the sky? Starting clockwise from first, it's second, then third, then fourth. Simple, right?
Asuka: Yes. Real simple.
Masaya: The line that connects first and second is called the first line. It's followed by the second, third, and fourth line. The square that these four lines form is called the field.
Asuka: And all matches are carried out in a field?
Masaya: Exactly. I'm sure you already understand, but FC is a sport where you have to follow those lines and fly around the square.
Asuka: That means you start at first, then go to second, then third, then fourth, and...
Masaya: At that point, you head back to first. You keep flying round and round until time runs out. Depending on how a match is going, you can also choose to stop or move back and forth on a line, but you can't ever move back a line.
Asuka: So I can't move from the first line to the fourth.
Masaya: Bingo.
I look up, confirm Misaki and Prez have positioned themselves at first, and speak through the headset.
Masaya: Start on my signal. And remember, show us how a Speeder wins a match first.
Shion: Got it.
Misaki: Okey dokey.
It's time.
Masaya: Ready, set... go!
Shion: I've got this!
Prez leans his body forward and flies off toward second, riding along the first line.
Masaya: You aren't allowed to touch your opponent until someone reaches second, making it a pure contest of speed. The one who touches second first scores one point.
Asuka: Why?
Masaya: Fighters have explosive starts and worse acceleration. On the other hand, Speeders start off slow, but accelerate quickly. Since both start flying at the exact same time, a Fighter can easily stop a Speeder early and make the match one-sided.
Asuka: I see. Basically, in a situation where a Fighter and Speeder are standing still, it's easier for the Fighter to score?
Masaya: Correct. But the opposite is also true. Speeders have the advantage as long as they keep moving.
Asuka: Huh? Misaki-chan just left the first line.
Misaki casually floats off toward the center of the second line, leaving the ring behind.
Asuka: Does that mean she's given up?
Mashiro: There's no way Misaki-senpai would give up when I'm out here cheering her on!
Masaya: You know, I could totally see that happening, but that's not the case here. She's just taking a shortcut.
Asuka: That's allowed?
Masaya: You're allowed to give up on a buoy to jump forward, yeah. Otherwise, the player who's faster would always win.
Asuka: Oh, I get it. There's no way to ever catch up if all you can do is fly along the lines. Wow, this is pretty complicated...
Masaya: It really isn't. No touching on the first line at the start of the match. You can give up on getting a buoy and jump to the next line. That's it. The rest is simple.
Asuka: Alright. I'll hammer those details into my head by tomorrow.
Masaya: <i>Today.</i> It's easy! Now watch, things are just getting started.
Shion: Made it!
Asuka: He just touched the buoy, so that means one point for Prez.
Madoka: You can do it, Shion!
Prez proceeds to climb upward at a diagonal angle.
Asuka: Maybe I'm just seeing things, but I swear I saw Prez speed up when he touched the buoy...
Masaya: Good catch. I explained that buoys use anti-gravity to float, didn't I? Well, anti-gravity fields repel each other, not just gravity. Using that repulsion to accelerate is a basic FC technique.
Shion: Here I go!
Misaki: Be my guest!
Prez descends diagonally from his elevated position. Like I expected, he moves oddly when he turns due to his shoes' specs, making his speed drop somewhat.
Misaki, who positioned herself at the center of the second line, slowly moves to intercept Prez's flight path.
Shion: Coming through!
However, before she manages to reach him, Prez blows by at terrifying speeds.
Misaki: Oh no, I misjudged his flight path and speed. Whatever will I do! It is so hard to stop a fast opponent. I will have to give up on the buoy again and jump over to the third line.
Masaya: ...Thanks for the explanation.
Prez shakes off Misaki again on the third line and touches the buoy. That brings the score to 3:0.
Misaki: Oh no. I am being overwhelmed by his speed. There is nothing I can do. He is just too fast for me.
Shion: AHAHAHA!
Asuka: I think I get it. Speeders score points by shaking off their opponent and touching the buoys in order.
Masaya: Right now, he's just breaking through on speed alone. However, in a real match, he'll use small feints to throw off his opponent... Or at least, I hope he will.
He's pretty fast, but that can only get him so far. He can't just try to bulldoze over and over.
Madoka: I can't really see him doing any of that.
Right. I can <i>totally</i> see him going "A real man faces his opponent head on!"
Masaya: Essentially, Speeders use speed to get the upper hand in a match.
Asuka: Got it.
Masaya: Prez, slow down. It's time for you guys to show how Fighters win matches. Keep going. No need to restart.
Shion: Gotcha.
Misaki: On it. Time to dish out some punishment!
Misaki arrives at the center of the fourth line. And after that, she starts flying in small circles as she's waiting for Prez.
Not like I doubted her, but seeing her circling makes it clear that she has actual FC experience.
Asuka: What is Misaki-chan doing?
Masaya: Fighters have good initial velocity and poor acceleration, which is why she has to keep herself moving. Momentum is a big deal, basically.
Asuka: How so?
Masaya: I'll give you an example. It's easier to ride a bike uphill if you're already moving, right?
Asuka: Yeah, starting on the slope would be a real pain... Oh, <i>that's</i> why Misaki-chan's flying in circles.
Masaya: Yep. If a Fighter is up against another Fighter, then there are advantages to staying still, but... Oh, Prez is making his move.
Asuka: Is he going to swoop down from above and go for the buoy?
Masaya: Sure seems like it.
When you approach a buoy directly, it's fairly easy for your opponent to read the exact spot you're going pass through and stop you. He must be trying to keep it simple to help my lesson... Yeah, that <i>has to</i> be it.
Shion: Here I gooo!
Misaki obstructs Prez's path.
Misaki: Stop right there, please!
She extends both her hands toward Prez, seemingly trying to block him in the most literal sense of the word, and...
Bang!
The sound of electrical discharge fills the air.
Shion: Kgh!
Misaki: Oopsie daisy!
Both of them are thrown back a good five meters.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai! A-Are you okay?!
Misaki immediately recovers and waves at Mashiro.
Misaki: I'm all good over here. Can't do FC if you get startled by something that small.
Asuka: Coach, what was that?!
Masaya: Like I explained earlier, anti-gravity fields repel each other. And so, when two players clash... Well, you can see the results for yourself.
Asuka: Misaki-chan did that on purpose, right? Did it win her a point?
Masaya: No. She just did that to stop Prez. Speeders have poor initial velocity, remember? That means they take longer to recover from getting knocked off balance.
Masaya: Fighters, on the other hand, have good initial velocity, so they recover quickly. And because of that, Fighters tend to gain the upper hand after a clash. That said, she didn't touch his back there, which means she has yet to score a point.
Misaki: One more time!
Shion: Huh?!
Misaki goes in for another clash.
Shion: Kgh!
Masaya: Things get interesting after a Fighter kills their opponent's speed through clashes.
Misaki: That's number one.
Misaki nimbly maneuvers behind Prez and touches his back.
Shion: How?!
The moment Misaki's hand touches his back, a triangle-shaped yellow light appears.
Masaya: And with that, she's scored her first point. The light you just saw is called a "point field." It appears when a player scores a point in a dogfight.
Asuka: I remember seeing that during my match with Satouin-san. Like the contrails, it exists to help spectators, right?
Masaya: Yep. It's another feature of FC Grav Shoes.
Another clang resounds as they both get thrown in opposite directions.
Masaya: This is where the match really begins for Fighters.
Asuka: Huh? But it's been so long...
Masaya: Think about it. When a clash happens, each person gets thrown in opposite directions. You can use that to slow your opponent down and force them to play your game, but you can also speed them up by mistake.
I push my right hand's palm with my left hand to illustrate my point.
Masaya: If you push them in the wrong direction, you just end up helping them.
Asuka: I see.
Masaya: What that means is, when you're in Prez's position, you're <i>trying</i> to force your opponent to push you toward the next buoy, even if that means letting them score. A Speeder can use the repulsion to make up for their slow initial velocity.
Asuka: I see. It's the perfect crime.
Uh, I get what you mean, but why's it a crime?
Masaya: Misaki, on the other hand, wants to push him away from the next buoy. If she can keep holding him back, she'll have the time to score multiple points in a row.
Asuka: Makes sense. Her strategy's based completely around positioning.
Masaya: That's right. And since we're trying to show you how Fighters win their matches--
Misaki: Point two.
Shion: Ugh!
Misaki gets behind Prez again and touches him in a way that sends him flying toward the water's surface.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai, you're so cool!
Misaki: Hehehe...
Masaya: You can see that Prez has slowed to a crawl, yeah? Once you're in that situation as a Speeder, things get tough.
Asuka: What's Prez supposed to do?
Masaya: There <i>are</i> a few options. He could try to get far enough away from Misaki to start accelerating again, or position himself to get pushed toward the next buoy, or go for a surprise attack and touch her back.
Asuka: Huh? Going for Misaki-chan's back is also an option? But you told me Speeders don't go for people's backs.
Masaya: Generally speaking, they don't. Speeders are at a disadvantage in dogfights, but as the saying goes, desperate times call for desperate measures. If they're stuck in place and need points, then sometimes they'll go for their opponent's back instead of the next buoy.
Asuka: FC's <i>really</i> complicated... A match can play out completely differently depending on whether you go for buoys or your opponent's back.
Masaya: We've got a Speeder and Fighter right now, which is why there's such a clear division of who's going for what. If you have an All-Rounder up against another All-Rounder, it's a lot more unpredictable.
Asuka: Bet that's fun to watch.
Masaya: And once in a while, when you have two Speeders up against each other, matches turn into races.
Asuka: I'd love to see that sometime.
Masaya: On the other hand, Fighter versus Fighter usually ends up being an all-out brawl. You get matches where Skywalkers never even move past the second line.
Asuka: Wow! It's the same sport with the same rules, but there are so many different ways to play!
Masaya: Yeah, that's what makes FC so fun... I guess...
FC is fun? What the hell is wrong with me?
Asuka: ...Is something wrong?
Masaya: Nothing. Well, I guess that's enough for now. Hey, you two, let's call it--
Misaki: And that's number four. Yaaay!
Shion: Nooo!
Masaya: Hey! Don't get carried away and bully Prez. The match is over.
Misaki comes flying down toward me.
Misaki: So, what do you think? Did that help at all?
Asuka: It did! Now that I've seen an actual match, I'm even <i>more</i> interested in FC!
Mashiro: You were <i>sooo</i> cool, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah. I get it already. Quit hugging me!
Shion: ......
Madoka: Shion, stop trying to pressure me with those puppy dog eyes. I'm not going to hug you... Good job out there, though.
Shion: Well, there you have it! Let's all do our best to get better!
Asuka: Yes! Coach, let's get started with practice right away. I wanna fly!
Masaya: No.
Asuka: Huh? Why not?
Misaki: See, Asuka-chan? Just like I said, the guy's got a real sadistic streak.
Asuka: Oh, okay! I thought you were kidding...
Mashiro: Kidding about what, exactly?
Masaya: Quit talking nonsense! FC Grav Shoes are pretty different from your civilian ones, so it's better to wait until you have the right equipment. Don't want you developing any bad habits, understand?
Asuka: Oh, that makes sense! Let's go shopping, then!
Masaya: It's kinda late for that now. We'll go tomorrow.
Asuka: Boooooo!
Misaki: Wh-What's wrong, Asuka?
Mashiro: Have you lost it?
Asuka: No. It just sucks that we have to wait until tomorrow. I was really looking forward to starting today!
Asuka says with sparkling eyes. Man, that's actually kinda creepy...
But maybe...
Just maybe...
I had the same look in my eyes when I first started.
Madoka: I've got a question!
Masaya: Yeah?
Madoka: Since we're an actual club now, do we get a clubroom?
Masaya: I guess we should?
Shion: No, not happening.
Mashiro: Huh? Why not?
Shion: We're <i>way</i> too late. Every existing clubroom's taken.
Masaya: Huh? Where'd you find the cardboard box with Grav Shoes, then?
Madoka: I found it in the toolshed.
Asuka: Why don't we clean out that toolshed and make it our clubroom?
Madoka: That won't work. Other clubs use it, and they also store stuff for P.E. classes in it.
Misaki: Hm... It'd <i>really</i> suck not to have a clubroom. I mean, if we wanna take this seriously, we need practice suits and stuff.
Mashiro: Changing rooms are way over in the gym, too. It'd be a hassle to have to go back and forth constantly.
Asuka: Why do we need to get changed?
Masaya: Flight suits help stabilize anti-gravitons, so they're an FC staple. We can't disregard safety.
Madoka: Even putting that aside, we need a place to store equipment and conduct meetings, right?
Masaya: True...
Would feel pretty awkward wearing flight suits in a normal classroom. Plus, a clubroom would give us the private space we need to talk freely.
Misaki: ...Come to think of it, I saw a small hut in the middle of the cliff when I was flying back.
Masaya: A hut in the middle of the cliff?
I've never flown beyond the fence since there's nothing there besides the ocean.
I know there's a steep cliff too, but I've never actually seen it myself.
Shion: Oh, I think I know what you're talking about. Maybe we <i>can</i> use it as our clubroom.
Asuka: What is it?
Shion: There used to be a road along the ocean that circled the whole island. It ran through the cliff.
Misaki: Think I heard about something like that from my grandma.
Shion: It was abandoned after they built roads that cut through the island. Driving along the cliff was too dangerous.
I've heard that before. An old man in my neighborhood was talking about how the new roads are way safer <i>and</i> far more convenient.
Masaya: So, what's that hut there?
Shion: A bus.
Masaya: A bus?
Asuka: Like, a motor coach or what?
Misaki: Hahaha. Well, it's obviously not an airbus.
Shion: I don't know the details, but apparently the company was in the red, so they just left their scrapped buses on the abandoned road.
Asuka: Huh, interesting... Let's claim that bus as our clubroom!
Misaki: I like the sound of that. We can only get there by flying, which makes it perfect for an FC club.
Mashiro: Let's go check it out.
Masaya: Don't we need to get permission?
A look of great confidence surfaces on Madoka's face.
Madoka: Should be fine since there's no one using it. We can just check with Ms. Kagami, and if she says no... Well, what she doesn't know won't hurt her.
This girl's pretty sly.
Masaya: Guess we might as well go take a look.
Asuka: Yes! Let's go!
I land on the ground and deactivate my Grav Shoes.
A heavy sensation, akin to the feel of walking out onto dry land after a quick swim, spreads through my body.
Masaya: Didn't know there was something like that here.
Yep. This is definitely a bus.
Misaki: Look, there's a bus stop with a rain shelter over there.
Mashiro: Seems like they just abandoned everything as is.
Misaki: ...Hey, couldn't we earn some good money by selling all this?
Mashiro: You're so sharp, Misaki-senpai. Who knows, some of these might even be vintage.
Masaya: I doubt it. Besides, selling stuff that isn't even ours would be a crime.
Mashiro: Isn't using this place as a clubroom also a crime?
Masaya: W-Well...
Madoka: Let's just say it's a gray area. It's been left here so long that there's even ivy growing around it. No way anyone would get mad at us using it.
Our club president pounds his own chest after he hears that.
Shion: Exactly! Should something happen, I, the club president, will take full responsibility!
These siblings are something else.
Asuka: I'll go check inside!
Asuka makes a mad dash for the bus and places both her hands on the door.
Asuka: Open sesame!
The door creaks open, making a rather eerie sound.
Asuka: I think it'll work as a clubroom.
Misaki: Lemme see.
Mashiro: Hm... It's pretty dirty in there, but...
Masaya: Should be fine if we give it a good scrubbing. Doesn't look like there are any leaks in the roof, either.
There are no stains on the floor and nothing appears to be rotten. Sure, some floorboards have come loose, but even a toddler could fix those issues.
Asuka: Let's get right down to it!
Misaki: You're really brimming with enthusiasm, Asuka. It's blinding me!
Mashiro: She's twinkling like a star.
Misaki: 'Kay! Get this bus as pure and clean as your heart!
Asuka: Roger!
Masaya: Don't shove it all onto her, Misaki. You've gotta pitch in too.
Misaki: Fiiine.
Madoka: If no one's against it, I'm going to go get cleaning supplies from the school.
Masaya: Okay, go do that.
Shion: It's time to put my muscles to work!
Masaya: Just make sure you don't use enough strength to slam your foot right through the floor.
Asuka: Let's go, Coach!
Masaya: Y-Yeah.
I nod as I'm somewhat overwhelmed by her overeager attitude.
I wipe the sweat off my forehead with my hand.
Masaya: Phew... Guess that should do for today.
The bus was incredibly dusty because of the years of neglect, but we'd cleaned it up a fair bit. Unfortunately, there are some stains that require special cleaning products, which means we have to put those off for another time.
Madoka: Yeah, I think you're right. If we keep adding equipment little by little, it'll look like a proper clubroom in no time.
Misaki: Phew... Finally done! Now I want something sweet.
Mashiro: Let's grab something at a convenience store on our way back. Wait, Asuka-senpai?
Asuka: ......\n.........\n............
Misaki: Hm? Asuka?
Asuka: ......\n.........\n............
She's wiping a window frame with some crazy concentration.
Masaya: Asuka?
Asuka: Eeek!
Masaya: What the?!
Her sudden shriek startles me and I jump back.
Asuka: Wh-What's the matter?
Masaya: Uh, that's what I wanna know... What were you doing?
Asuka: I was wiping down the window frame since the dirt there is really hard to get off. D-Did I do something weird? Do you guys not wipe down your window frames on this island?
Masaya: What do you take us for, savages...? Gotta say though, that was some impressive concentration. You didn't hear us talking to you from two feet away.
Asuka: Huh? Oh, I see. I totally didn't. Sorry, I tend lose track of stuff around me when I'm focusing.
Masaya: Nah, there's no need to apologize. Concentration is an important part of FC, so you've got a leg up there.
Asuka: That's great! Thank you!
Mashiro: Say, can I ask an FC question?
Masaya: What's up? You already know way more than me about Misaki, so I doubt I have any info for you.
Mashiro: I literally just said I had an <i>FC</i> question! I have interests other than Misaki-senpai, okay?!
Misaki: And I'm pretty sure you know some things about me that Mashiro doesn't.
Mashiro: Huh?! L-Like what? I need to know.
Misaki: The softness of my bare skin, for instance?
Mashiro: M-M-M-Masaya-senpai!
Masaya: Don't give me that bloodthirsty look!
Asuka: Masaya-san! Y-You're too young for those things!
Masaya: Calm down, Asuka. Don't react to her dumb jokes. I've never come into contact with something so deadly.
Misaki: Hey, don't act like I'm some contagious disease!
Mashiro: She <i>was</i> just kidding, right? If not, I might end up stabbing you...
Masaya: Stop it. You're scaring me.
Mashiro: Hehe...
Masaya: No scary snickering, either. She made all of that up, so you've got no reason to stab me. With that out of the way, what's your question?
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Just trust me!
Mashiro: Fine. I'll believe you just this once. You're lucky I'm letting you keep your life.
Masaya: Wow, thank you <i>so</i> much. But enough of that, get to the question already!
Mashiro: Earlier, Prez and Misaki-senpai faced each other, right? Was that just because it was a practice match, or are men and women not separated in FC?
Masaya: FC has no gender division because it's mainly based on form, reflexes, and critical thinking. There's no noticeable difference between men and women in any of those categories.
Mashiro: ...And yet Prez is doing weight training.
Shion: Muscles are love! Muscles are life!
Misaki: Y'know, that just makes you sound <i>really</i> creepy...
Masaya: To be fair, Prez isn't completely off-base. Muscles are important too.
Shion: I see you're getting it now, Hinata.
Masaya: No, I don't think we're on the same wavelength at all.
I wonder what drove him to worship muscles?
Masaya: Muscles only factor in at the highest levels of professional play. In our case, physical differences between men and women have no bearing.
Mashiro: So that means women and men face each other in tournaments?
Masaya: Yep. Can't say it'll stay the same as Grav Shoe technology advances, or the general skill level of players goes up, but for now, that's of no concern.
Shion: Actually, plenty of people even say women have the advantage in FC.
Asuka: Seriously?
Masaya: Yeah, there <i>are</i> some who believe that. Women generally weigh less than men, right? Well, the quantity of anti-gravitons emitted by Grav Shoes always remains the same, so less weight equals more speed.
Shion: Think of one of those slick modern Fighter jets.
Asuka: I see... Hm, do men have any advantage?
Masaya: Yeah. Their heavier weight.
Misaki: Aren't you contradicting yourself?
Masaya: Ever heard of Newton's first law? Basically, it's more difficult to change a heavy object's trajectory. When a light object tries to stop an approaching heavy object head-on, it gets pushed off to the side, right?
Misaki: In other words, the heavier a person, the harder they are to stop?\n...Madoka, spare me any weird jokes about my weight.
Madoka: Come on, you don't need to warn me!
Mashiro: S-So, um... it's a bit... e-embarrassing to ask this, since you'll probably think I'm having funny thoughts, but...
Misaki: Oh, no way! Do I smell a dirty question? Yaaay, listen up, guys! Mashiro's gonna ask a <i>really</i> pervy question now!
Madoka: How exciting...
Asuka: Huh? Oh, right. Very exciting.
Mashiro: You've got it all wrong! Don't expect me to say anything <i>that</i> weird... It's just, sometimes your body clashes with your opponent's, right?
Masaya: Are you worried about pain? If you are, then relax. The anti-gravity layer absorbs shock, and there's no real danger of bumping into random things since you're way up in the air. FC may look dangerous or painful, but it's <i>extremely</i> safe.
Misaki: That's right. It kinda feels like you're wrapped in a cushion.
Mashiro: No, that's not what I'm worried about... I was just thinking, I don't really want anyone to touch my b... breasts. S-Same goes for my butt and other private parts.
Asuka: Oh... Good point. W-Well, I've seen girls from a Judo Club practicing with guys on TV, so maybe it won't actually bother you in the moment.
Masaya: Relax.
Mashiro: ...You're telling me to learn to live with it? If I just clear my mind of all unnecessary thoughts, I won't care if people touch my breasts? Is that what you're saying?
Masaya: I guess that <i>would</i> work, but no, that's not what I meant. For example, if I tried touching your breasts during a match--
Misaki: Oh nooo! Masaya wants to touch Mashiro's breasts!
Asuka: Masaya-san, are you actually a pervert?
Masaya: Are you guys even listening to me?! I said <i>for example.</i>
Misaki: For example, Masaya reached out for Mashiro's breasts and ended up being captivated by their softness.
Mashiro: That's ridiculous! There's no way I would let that happen! Only Misaki-senpai is allowed to touch my breasts!
Masaya: That <i>is</i> ridiculous, but not in the way you mean... Listen, I could never actually touch your breasts during a match.
Mashiro: How come?
Asuka: Are you trying to say you don't want to touch Mashiro-chan's breasts?
Misaki: Man, that must hurt... You never wanna hear anyone say they want to touch your breasts, but it also hurts to hear that they don't.
Mashiro: Um, for now, please apologize to me.
Madoka: Yeah, do it!
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i> Can't you guys just let me finish?! Remember what I said earlier? Anti-gravity fields repel each other. If I ever tried to touch them, a layer would form between my hand and your breasts.
Mashiro: But what if you pushed <i>really</i> hard?
Masaya: Wouldn't change anything. Getting past that layer is impossible. I couldn't touch you even if I wanted to. Get it now?
Mashiro: You can't touch the other person even if you want to, huh? Sounds like a perfect setup for a tragic love story.
Asuka: But we flew together when we first met, right?
Masaya: Back then, you didn't activate your Grav Shoes. We were both flying thanks to mine.
Asuka: I see. When two people have Grav Shoes activated, they can't do things like hugging.
Masaya: Exactly.
Misaki: Don't tell me you want that to happen with Masaya...
Asuka: I-I'd never dream of it!
Misaki: Hahahahaha! Your red face isn't doing you any favors.
Madoka: Kissing in the sky sounds romantic...
Asuka: Y-You think?
Misaki: Huh? Did you just turn even more red, Asuka?
Asuka: N-No!
Masaya: Guess this is as good a time as any to explain more about Grav Shoes. I mean, we <i>are</i> going shopping for them tomorrow.
Asuka: I like that idea.
Masaya: Okay, here's a fun fact about the anti-gravity device used in Grav Shoes. You can make it smaller, but not bigger. Or well, you <i>can</i> make it bigger, but that's pointless.
Asuka: Why's that?
Masaya: The output would remain the same even if you made it bigger. I don't know the exact science, but apparently there's no getting around it.
Shion: That's why there are no flying cars. They've had breakthroughs in making anti-gravity devices smaller, but every single attempt to make them bigger has ended in failure.
Asuka: Now that you mention it, I've only ever seen people or buoys flying around.
Masaya: Right. You might think two pairs of Grav Shoes are enough to move heavy things around, but it's not possible because they repel each other. And that doesn't change even if you activate them at the same time.
Asuka: So there's no way to use them to transport heavy objects.
Masaya: Bingo. Grav Shoes have a weight limit of 300 kilograms, but something that heavy would barely float.
Asuka: By that logic, one pair of Grav Shoes can carry six girls who are holding hands.
Masaya: You're making someone squirm with those numbers, Asuka.
Misaki: Th-That's not true! Why would I care? I've got a really slender figure.
Masaya: Well, it's not like forming a chain of six girls is feasible. At those numbers, it'd be next to impossible to balance yourself. I'd say four people is about the best you can do.
Asuka: Huh, okay... That explains why I haven't seen any floating buildings.
Masaya: And with that, it's time to call it a day.
Asuka: I can't wait to get my FC Grav Shoes tomorrow!
Asuka forms a radiant smile.
Aoi: Kurashina, are you on your way to practice?
Asuka: Yeah. Though we're planning on going to buy FC Grav Shoes today instead.
Aoi: Oh, right. Masaya mentioned that this morning. Hm, do you have a moment? There's something I'd like to show you.
Asuka: And that would be?
Aoi: A very special video.
Asuka: A-A special video?
Aoi: Did you think of something dirty there?
Asuka: N-No. I'd never.
Aoi: I'm sure you'll find it quite... <i>interesting.</i>
Asuka: Oh really?
Aoi: Hmm... Let me see, I think it was somewhere around here... Found it. Here, look at my phone.
Asuka: Okay. That's... an FC match?
Aoi: Yeah. A junior league match from a couple years back. Keep watching and tell me what you think.
Asuka: But I only just started FC, so I doubt anything I say will mean much.
Aoi: Just watch.
Asuka: Okay.
Asuka: ......\n...This girl's form is really beautiful.
Aoi: Hahaha! Now that's funny! I guess it's no surprise you mistook him for a girl with the long hair... That's Masaya.
Asuka: Huh? Oh, you're right. His face looks mostly the same! That's Masaya-san! Wow, Masaya-san looks pretty cute with long hair.
Aoi: Agreed. Sucks that people made fun of it so much, since I'm sure that means he'll never let it grow out again.
Asuka: ...Masaya-san can fly like this?
Aoi: He can. He had tons of talent and was a real go-getter.
Asuka: Why'd he quit if he can fly so well?
Aoi: Because he was too far ahead for his age. Mental fortitude is an important part of FC. I suppose that area was lagging behind.
Asuka: You mean his mind didn't keep up with the rest?
Aoi: I think so. To be honest, I don't know the real reason Masaya quit FC.
Asuka: ......
Aoi: He never told me. But regardless of what happened, it's about time for him to move past it.
Asuka: Can I ask you a question, Ms. Kagami?
Aoi: Yeah. What is it?
Asuka: Why did you show me this video?
Aoi: Because Masaya has been acting different since you transferred here.
Asuka: ......
Aoi: I want Masaya to fly again. And I want him to do it of his own free will.
Asuka: And showing me this video is supposed to help Masaya-san fly?
Aoi: Who knows. But winning over a person's inner circle before tackling them directly sounds like a good plan to me. And more importantly...
Asuka: What?
Aoi: I just wanted you to know. Figure it can't hurt.
Asuka: I'm not sure what to do, but... I'm glad I got to see Masaya-san flying! Thank you!
Aoi: You're welcome. Let's keep this between us, okay?
Asuka: Got it.
I'm on my way to a store that sells Grav Shoes with everyone.
Asuka: I'm <i>sooo</i> excited.
Misaki: Makes me remember the first time I got a cellphone.
Mashiro: Oh, it really <i>does</i> feel close to that.
Masaya: Well, these shoes <i>will</i> become a part of your daily life like a cellphone, so... Oh, there's Minamo-chan. Heeey!
I call out to the girl who's sweeping the ground in front of the store we're heading to.
Minamo: Oh... Long time, no see...
She bows her head lightly.
Then, she gingerly nods to the others around me.
Masaya: Is your brother inside?
Minamo: Yes... Should I go get him?
Masaya: No, you don't have to. We're gonna go check out the Grav Shoes inside anyway. What are you up to?
Minamo: Oh, I have something else to do... Excuse me...
Minamo-chan quickly heads to her house with a lowered head after she says that.
Minamo-chan's so nimble as she disappears that she reminds me of a small animal... A squirrel, maybe?
Asuka: What a cute girl... Too bad she left right away.
Mashiro: She wasn't wearing our uniform. Which school does she go to?
Misaki: Seems like you know her, Masaya.
Masaya: She's the owner's little sister. We've run into each other a few times. That's all.
Misaki: Hm...
Mashiro: Heh...
Asuka: I-I see...!
Masaya: Seriously, why are all three of you imagining the same thing? It's not like that.
Those grins on their faces are a lot clearer than any words.
I turn away from their piercing stares and enter the store in front of us, "Shirase Sky Sports."
FC articles and equipment cover every inch of the walls inside.
Shoes, maintenance tools, cleaning kits, and so on. You can get everything you need here.
Asuka looks around the cramped store interior with her mouth wide open.
Asuka: Wooow! Is all of this for FC?
Masaya: Not everything. There are other sports that use Grav Shoes, after all. I'd say about 80% is FC related.
The most popular Grav Shoe sport is FC, so when you consider demand, that's about what you end up with.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai! Check this out!
Misaki: What is it? Oh, products that'll help you fly around the world with Grav Shoes?! You can do that?
Masaya: Probably not. They're clearly exaggerating. You know how ads are... I'm sure some adventurous people have tried, though.
Mashiro: Sounds like a dream worth fighting for!
Misaki: Mashiro! I'm rooting for you to make that dream come true!
Mashiro: Wait, really?! Well, if you're rooting for me, I have to give it a shot!
Masaya: I can promise you'll die partway through the journey, so don't. By the way, all that stuff over there is for long-distance flight, which won't help us.
Only Asuka, Misaki, and Mashiro joined in on this trip.
Prez already has a pair of FC Grav Shoes and Madoka wanted to hang back and work on the clubroom.
Shirase: Welcome. Oh, it's you, Masaya. It's been a while. How've you been?
Masaya: Just fine.
A cheerful guy walks over to us from the cash register. It's Shirase-san, the store manager.
Masaya: We ran into Minamo-chan just now.
Shirase: Oh, you did? She's gotten a lot cuter, right?
Masaya: Y-Yeah, I guess.
Shirase: You can't have her.
Masaya: We're here to pick up some FC Grav Shoes. What would you recommend?
Shirase: Man, you're no fun... Lucky for you, Aoi already told me you were gonna drop by.
Misaki: Aoi?! He's calling her by her first name?! No honorifics?!
Mashiro: They must be in a relationship.
Masaya: ...Haven't we been doing the exact same?
Misaki: Well, I mean, the two of us <i>are</i> in a relationship.
Asuka: Wh-What, really?!
Masaya: You really need to stop reacting to Misaki's dumb jokes...
Shirase: Haha. Aoi and I go way back.
Shirase-san laughs jovially.
Shirase: She just gave me a call and said I should pick out some good ones for you.
Masaya: Cool.
Shirase: What's this I hear about you being a coach now? Is it 'cause you're leading a team of cute girls? Man, I'm real jealous! What guy <i>doesn't</i> want his own harem!
Misaki: What's this about a harem? I thought we were going steady!
Asuka: I'm in it too?!
Masaya: Why do you guys always have to react to dumb jokes?!
Shirase: Tell me, what kind of Grav Shoes are you looking for?
Masaya: Not sure yet. Each of these three need a pair, so I'd like your advice.
Asuka: Wait! Can you explain what different shoes do first?
Masaya: ...That slipped my mind. Okay, the first thing you need to know is that there are three types of shoes.
Mashiro: Speeder, Fighter, and All-Rounder shoes?
Masaya: Right. Grav Shoes come equipped with so-called "balancers."
Masaya: And by adjusting them, you can get stuff like Fighter Grav Shoes with All-Rounder tuning, All-Rounder Grav Shoes with Speeder tuning, and so on.
Asuka: But how are the shoes themselves different? For instance, what makes Speeder shoes unique?
Shirase: Let's see... Do you know what happens when you activate Grav Shoes?
Asuka: Anti-gravitons start to flow out from the shoes, right?
Shirase: That's correct. And those anti-gravitons form a layer around your body.
Mashiro: Masaya-senpai explained some of that yesterday.
Shirase: Because of that, every single part of your body feels gravity in the same way.
Asuka: Now that I think of it, isn't anti-gravity on just your feet enough to make you float?
Masaya: That'd be really dangerous. Sure, you could float up that way, but you'd be dead meat if you turned at all.
Asuka looks up at the ceiling as she mulls over my words.
Asuka: True. If only one end of my body was floating, then losing balance would be the same as losing my life.
Shirase: The difference between Speeder and Fighter shoes lies in the behavior of the anti-graviton layer. By the way, that anti-graviton layer is called the "membrane." You should memorize that term.
Asuka draws back her chin with a serious look on her face.
Asuka: Got it. The anti-graviton layer produced by Grav Shoes is called the membrane.
Shirase: Right. So, do you know how you move forward?
Asuka: Uh, what do you mean...? You just lean your body in a direction to glide that way.
Masaya: That's not what he means. He's asking you why you start moving when you lean forward.
Asuka: ...I have absolutely no idea.
Mashiro: Same.
Misaki: Add me to that count.
Masaya: I get Asuka, but you guys should know! You're locals!
Misaki: Hey, I'm no local. I've only been here two years! Quit pressuring me!
Masaya: I'd say living in a place for two years makes you a local...
Shirase: Maglev trains are often used for comparison's sake. You know what that is, right?
Asuka: They're the trains that run really fast, right?
Shirase: Do you know how maglev trains work?
Asuka: No, I don't.
Mashiro: Same.
Misaki: Nooope.
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i> That should be obvious!
Misaki: Like I said, quit pressuring me! Man, you guys sure love your science trivia...
Mashiro: Yeah, but they probably don't know the difference between Bavarian cream and pudding. Sad!
Misaki: I'm with you on that one... Bet they don't even know the difference between shortbread and gingerbread cookies, and that's <i>way</i> more important.
Masaya: Okay, that's enough out of you two. Maglev trains move through electromagnetic propulsion. You know that opposite poles attract and like poles repel each other, right?
Shirase: They levitate through repulsion and then propel forward with attraction. Basically, north-poles that repel make the train levitate and a south-pole you've placed in front of the train drags it forward. Once the train reaches the south-pole, you change that pole to a north-pole, then place a new south-pole.
Asuka: You're telling me to apply that principle to flying, but with gravity and anti-gravity in place of magnetic poles, right? Hm, I think I'm starting to understand.
Shirase: When you're using Grav Shoes, anti-gravity levitates you, and Earth's gravity acts as the attracting force that propels you.
Asuka: Which means, um, what was it again, the anti-gravity layer...
Masaya: The membrane.
Asuka: You move by forcing the membrane to switch between gravity and anti-gravity?
Shirase: Correct! Though, to be more precise, you're actually just making different parts thinner or thicker.
Masaya: It sounds strange when you put it like this, but you're effectively falling forward instead of moving in the traditional sense. The membrane is thinner in certain parts, which forces gravity to attract you in a specific direction.
Masaya: Same goes for any movements you make in the air.
Misaki: We done yet? Come on, I wanna grab me a pair of shiny new Grav Shoes!
Asuka: Can you wait a little longer? I wanna hear the rest.
Misaki: I guess...
Masaya: You should really be paying attention to this, Misaki... Anyway, back on topic, Speeder Grav Shoes are adjusted to maximize the force of falling forward.
Shirase: The upper body part of the membrane is extremely responsive to the player's movements, while other parts are tuned to be less sensitive.
Masaya: That keeps other parts of the membrane from getting in the way after you've gained speed by tilting forward.
Shirase: Normal Grav Shoes work on the same basic principle, but FC Grav Shoes obviously have higher specs.
Asuka: I get it now. Wow, that's really interesting!
Masaya: Moving on, Fighter Grav Shoes have a membrane that's high sensitivity all over. That prevents a player from achieving high speeds, but in exchange, they can move in quick bursts.
Asuka nods at me repeatedly.
Asuka: I think I'm getting the hang of it now.
Shirase: Okay, then let's dig a little deeper. Remember the balancers I mentioned earlier? By adjusting the ones in Grav Shoes, you can do tons of interesting stuff.
Asuka: Can you give me an example?
Shirase: Sure thing. Here's a rather extreme example. You could make the membrane sensitive on just the right side of your body, which would allow for quick movement only when moving to the right.
Masaya: Don't worry, I'll be handling the balancer tuning. That's part of the coach's job.
Asuka: You don't tune it yourself?
Masaya: There <i>are</i> people who do it themselves, but that's not always the right choice. It'd be hard for a person to keep themselves from adjusting it to fit them, right?
Asuka: Isn't that the normal thing to do? Forget Grav Shoes, people even say it's best to wear clothes that are the right fit.
Masaya: That's true, but what suits you may not suit the match.
Shirase: Unless you're a person who functions only on logic, you'll end up making compromises for your own comfort. That's why it's best to have someone with an objective view do the tuning.
Misaki: Hm... In other words, Masaya's gonna toy with our bodies as he pleases!
Masaya: Quit making it sound so weird!
Asuka: There are so many little details about FC that you have to get right... I'm even more fired up now!
Misaki: Well, if you're done talking, pick out some shoes for me, Coach!
Masaya: Fine. So yeah, Shirase-san, Misaki is a Fighter.
Misaki: I wanna spin around, do swoops, steep climbs, and all that other stuff, so I'd love me some Grav Shoes with tight controls!
Shirase: Hrm... Are you confident in your skills?
Misaki: Hm, not sure I'd say that... I just like Grav Shoes that are hard to master. They're <i>way</i> more fun, basically.
Shirase: I see. It's important that they're fun, huh...? I don't know if she'll be able to handle them, but how about Laevateinns from Invade?
Masaya: Aren't those a little too finicky? Invade is an overseas manufacturer, so their shoes are rather unconventional, aren't they?
Shirase: That's not true at all. They have a poor market share here in Japan, but when you look overseas, Invade is the leading Grav Shoes manufacturer. They make some good stuff.
Masaya: But Laevateinns <i>are</i> finicky, right?
Shirase: ...Maybe a little, but they also provide a great flying experience, and--
Misaki: Enough! I'm getting real tired of hearing all this random mumbo jumbo. Explain what Laevateinns are like in simple terms.
Shirase: Laevateinns are a Fighter model with extremely tight, incredibly responsive controls. They're mostly used by seasoned Skywalkers.
Misaki: They're for seasoned Skywalkers, huh? Okay, I'm going with those!
Masaya: How about you at least try them on first?
Misaki: Fiiine.
Shirase: The activation key is the default "FLY." Only float a little bit, since you're in a store and all. That should be enough to give you a feel for them.
Misaki: Got it. Here we go... Ready!
Misaki raises her heels after putting on the shoes.
Misaki: FLY. Whoa... Whoa there... Steady! Oh? Wha? Whawha? Oh, ohhh! Huuuh? Ooooooooooooh! Kh, hoooh!
Masaya: Quit overreacting!
Misaki's facial expressions keep rapidly shifting as she levitates slightly above the ground.
Misaki: I'm not! These things are crazy. Even floating in place is hard...
Masaya: Really?
Shirase: I'm impressed. Most people can't even manage that.
Misaki: Th-Th-Th-Th-Th-Th-Thanks.
Masaya: Doesn't that mean you should pick more balanced Grav Shoes?
Misaki: Nope. I'm taking these babies. It'll be fun to dominate them.
Didn't expect her to start on hard mode... Maybe she's some kinda masochist?
Well, I can always adjust the balancer early on to make them easier to control.
Shirase: I'll get them wrapped up for you, then. The deactivation key is also "FLY."
Misaki clicks her heels together.
Misaki: FLY.
After a moment, she lands on the ground with a light thud.
Misaki: Okay, I'm all done here.
Mashiro: And I'm going with the same ones!
Misaki: Really?
Mashiro: Yeah, absolutely!
Masaya: Don't. You don't have any FC experience, right?
Mashiro: You may be my coach, but I won't let you get in the way of my love for Misaki-senpai!
Masaya: If you're going to insist, I won't stop you. Go on, give it a try. Shirase-san, give her a pair.
Shirase: I'm honestly a little worried after hearing your conversation with Masaya. They're pretty hard to use, you know?
Mashiro: It'll be fine.
Mashiro takes the shoes Shirase-san hands her with a confident look on her face.
Mashiro: Watch me, Misaki-senpai! And as for you, Masaya-senpai... Your tears will be delicious!
Masaya: Huh, now <i>that's</i> surprising.
Wouldn't expect to hear a girl say that.
Mashiro: Okay, here I go!
Misaki: Good luck!
Asuka: You can do it!
Mashiro: FLY! Huh?! Whawhawha?! Gaaaaaaaaaaaah?! Wha?! Noooooooooooo!
First she plummets toward the ground head first, then she zooms up again right before hitting it. She keeps flopping about left and right at random as we watch her.
Asuka: Oh my god! She's gonna die!
Shirase: It's fine. Anti-gravitons are in effect, so she won't bump into the ground.
Mashiro: Heeeeeeeeeeeelp!
Asuka: B-But her panties! You might see her panties! Look away, Masaya-san!
Masaya: You sure worry about some strange things. Relax. Anti-gravitons will keep her skirt from flipping.
Even clothes are wrapped in an anti-graviton layer, so they don't really flutter.
Misaki: Mashiro, you can do it! Show me your love!
Mashiro: Whawhawhawhawha! N-No, I can't! This has nothing to do with my love for you!
Masaya: You changed your tune real quick.
Mashiro: Noooooooooooo!
She's spinning like a top, screaming at the top of her lungs. Kinda looks like she's on a thrill ride or something.
Asuka: I-I think you should help her!
Masaya: You need to spread-eagle.
Mashiro: Huh? What now? Dread? Eagle?! What eagle?! Waaah! Noooooo! Heeeeeeeeeeeelp!
Masaya: Not dread! Spread! I'm telling you to spread your arms and legs!
Mashiro desperately spreads out her stubby arms and legs as far as she can.
Before long, her body slows down and she reaches a state where it's almost still.
Mashiro: Heeelp! Huh, what? Oh... I've stopped.
Shirase: Yeah. It's easy to keep your balance in that position.
Masaya: Still want them?
Mashiro: ...I'll let you pick out my Grav Shoes.
Mashiro says that, looking extremely disheartened.
Masaya: Don't try to land on your feet. Slowly come down with your bottom first, and deactivate the Grav Shoes once your hips reach the ground.
Mashiro: O-Okay.
Mashiro follows my instructions perfectly.
Mashiro: That was a nightmare.
Misaki: Yeah? But you were so close to controlling them.
Mashiro: It sure didn't feel like it.
I direct my eyes toward Shirase-san.
Masaya: Based on her performance just now, I'd say some basic Fighter shoes would be best. Can you recommend some?
Shirase: Hm... Well, there are tons of those around here, so I can't really pick one randomly. You got any preferences?
Mashiro: Ones that won't make me spin out of control...
Masaya: Try to at least care a little.
Shirase: Mashiro-chan, was it? You look girly, so I think shoes that have a cute feel to them would suit you.
Misaki nods in agreement.
Misaki: True. That sounds perfect for you.
Mashiro's face lights up at those words.
Mashiro: You think so? Oh, then you should pick some out for me.
Misaki: I don't know... It's better to choose something you want so you don't regret it later.
Mashiro: I'd regret it more if you didn't pick them for me.
Misaki: Hm, how about those pink ones? No, wait, maybe they're too childish?
The two of them start browsing for Grav Shoes on their own.
Masaya: Okay. You're the only one left, Asuka.
Asuka: Let's get to it, Coach.
Masaya: We don't know what you're good at yet, which means All-Rounder shoes are your best option. They'll allow for both Speeder or Fighter settings with the right tuning.
Asuka: Got it... Um, were you an All-Rounder?
Masaya: How'd you guess?
Asuka: You're a considerate person, so it just fit.
Masaya: Oh, I see...
Asuka: Huh? Did I say something rude?
Masaya: No, not at all.
Asuka: If you were still a Skywalker, which ones would you go with?
Masaya: Don't really wanna think about that... But I guess these ones.
I say as I pick up a pair of Hien type 4. I had the original version back when they were just called Hien, but now that model is called Hien type 1.
Asuka: Then I'm taking those.
Masaya: You're gonna just go with what I like?
Asuka: I'm going to try them out first, of course. I'll give up on them if I end up like Mashiro-chan.
Masaya: I doubt that's possible with All-Rounder shoes.
Shirase: You want to try on the Hien type 4? That's a real classic. Good choice. I love that model.
Masaya: How is the type 4 different from the type 1?
Shirase: There's no major changes. It's just been updated to keep up with current tech. Still, the balancer has a very wide range, which allows for a lot of customization.
We don't know Asuka's style yet, so that's good.
Mashiro: I'm going with the Siamese from Small Grove.
Asuka: Ah! Those are <i>really</i> cute.
They're yellow Grav Shoes that look like something straight out of a picture book.
Mashiro: Right?
Guess there are a lot of Grav Shoes nowadays that focus on looks.
Mashiro: I'll use their cuteness to capture Misaki-senpai's heart!
Masaya: You're missing the actual point of getting your own Grav Shoes...
Misaki: Yours are a lot more practical, Asuka.
Asuka: Yes. Masaya-san chose a classic model for me.
Misaki: You should pick cuter ones!
Asuka: No, I'm fine with these. I like them.
Misaki: Well, if you're fine with them.
Masaya: Guess we're all done here. Let's return to the clubroom and help Madoka.
Asuka: Sounds like a plan.
Shirase: Come again. Especially you, Masaya.
Masaya: ...Why me?
Shirase: 'Cause I've got some experience as a coach myself. Come see me if you've got any questions you can't ask Aoi.
Masaya: I'll take you up on that offer when the time comes.
Things I can't ask Aoi-san, huh?
Can't think of anything right now, but I feel like I'll need his help eventually.
Misaki: Now that we've got ourselves some Grav Shoes, I say we use the rest of our funds to buy some snacks. How about something sweet?
Mashiro: Count me in!
Masaya: No.
Misaki: Right, most guys don't have a sweet tooth. Guess we'll go with something salty.
Masaya: That's not the issue here. I'm saying we can't use club funds on food.
Misaki: Bummer... Okay, treat us to something, Masaya.
Masaya: Why would I do that, exactly?
Mashiro: Because it'll work out in your favor.
Masaya: How?
Mashiro: Well, a coach needs to get his players to trust him, yeah? Treating us to some good food is an easy way to score some points!
Masaya: Uh...
Misaki: Nice call, Mashiro! 'Kay, we'll go with ramen today!
Masaya: Hold on! I'd go broke if I paid for all of you.
Four times 650 Yen makes 2,600 Yen.
Misaki: No worries. We'll keep it to one serving of gyoza per two people.
Masaya: You're planning on ordering more than just ramen?!
Asuka: U-Um... Ramen and gyoza sounds nice, but...
Misaki: YAAAY!
Masaya: Et tu, Brute?
Asuka: The thing is, um... I'm sorry for being selfish, but... I want to give my new Grav Shoes a spin!
Masaya: I get how you feel, but can't that wait?
Asuka: In that case...
Asuka doesn't seem to be backing down at all.
Asuka: You can all go eat without me. I'll return to the school by myself and--
Misaki: Stop right there. We're not just gonna ditch you. Let's tag along, guys. It's hard to say no when she's so excited.
Mashiro: That's true.
Masaya: Why don't the two of you learn from her...? Okay, let's head back to school for our first test flight.
Asuka: Oh, I'm so glad!
Misaki: Huh? There's no one out here.
Masaya: None of the sports clubs are using the field, huh? We're in luck.
Asuka: Yay!
Mashiro: Don't we need to change into flight suits?
Masaya: Nah. We're just testing stuff out right now... I'll head up there first.
Asuka: You're going to fly with us?
Masaya: No, I'm going to watch you from above.
Misaki: Is it easier to judge someone's form from above?
Masaya: No, that's not it. Listen, this may just be a test flight, but you're still going to do some loops and take positions where you're flying upright.
Misaki: Well, yeah. This is my chance to try out stuff I can't do with normal Grav Shoes, right? What about it?
Mashiro: ...Oh! I get it. He's talking about panties!
Misaki: Panties? Oh, panty shots! Masaya, you perv!
Mashiro: He's the king of perverts!
Masaya: I'm staying above you to avoid seeing your panties, so I'm clearly not.
Asuka: U-Um...
Asuka tries to speak to me with a blush on her face.
Asuka: I-I've never thought about it before, but... have I been showing off my panties this entire time?
Misaki: Our classmates probably think you're some kinda pervert!
Asuka: Seriously?!
Mashiro: I feel sorry for you, but your nickname must be "flasher."
Asuka: Everyone's calling me that behind my back?
Masaya: Cut it out. Don't worry, no one's seen your panties.
Asuka: Really? But if someone tried to get a peek from below...
Masaya: You couldn't see Mashiro's panties when she was out of control earlier, right? The membrane goes over your skirt, so it doesn't flutter much.
Asuka: B-But wouldn't people on the ground see if they look up?
Masaya: Not really. You tilt forward when flying, right? That keeps people directly below you from seeing anything. You'd have to look from a really weird angle to get even a tiny peek.
Asuka: You sure?
Masaya: Say there's a girl in a short skirt who's walking up the stairs ahead of you. You might think you'd be able to see her panties, but in reality it's not that simple. This is the same.
Misaki: ...Is that all you think about when you see girls in short skirts?
Masaya: No...
Asuka: ...Masaya-san.
Masaya: Trust me!
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai. A good woman has to let things like this slide once in a while.
Misaki: Yep, what she said.
Asuka: O-Oh, okay...
Masaya: Look...
Asuka: Masaya-san! I trust you! I <i>really</i> do!
Masaya: No, you clearly don't!
Asuka: I-I do! <i>You</i> should trust <i>me!</i>
Asuka says as she nods her head.
...Yeah, she totally thinks I'm some massive perv.
Well, whatever.
Masaya: Anyway, I'm heading up now. Put on your Grav Shoes and join me when you're ready.
Asuka: Will do!
Misaki: 'Kay, let's go! This here's my maiden voyage!
Misaki shoots upward right away, but she can't keep herself even remotely straight.
Misaki: Whoa there... Whoops... What the?
It's like she's walking on a tightrope.
She's wearing Laevateinns, so simply hovering probably takes up all her energy.
Asuka: My turn! Huh? What? Wah? Awawawawawah? Waaah!
Asuka seems to almost trip and fall upward.
Asuka: Whoa? Wha? Waaaaaaaaah!
I fly over to Asuka in an attempt to assist her.
Masaya: Calm down. First, direct your eyes into the distance. Focus on the horizon.
Asuka: O-Okay.
Masaya: Now make the soles of your feet face the ground.
Asuka: ......
Masaya: Once you manage that, try and tilt forward slowly.
Asuka: O-Okay!
Asuka follows my instructions to the letter.
Asuka: Oh no... Wow, this is hard!
However, she keeps swaying left and right. I suppose that's because she changed shoes before even getting used to her first pair.
Asuka: They're nothing like my other pair. These ones are <i>really</i> sensitive. Also, it kind of feels like something's pressing down on my body.
Masaya: Yeah, those are the two main differences between FC and civilian Grav Shoes. I'm sure you'll enjoy these a lot more once you get used to them.
Asuka: I sure hope so!
Asuka: Oh, Masaya-san, there are contrails coming from my heels.
Masaya: Well, yeah, you're wearing FC Grav Shoes. Okay, this is a good chance to explain one last thing to you... Hey, Misaki.
Misaki: Need something?
Masaya: Can you fly over to Asuka and turn your back to her?
Misaki: What...? Oh, I see. Gotcha.
Misaki raises her hand to signal that she understands, then wobbles her way over to Asuka.
Misaki: I'm all set!
Masaya: Asuka, go ahead and touch Misaki's back lightly.
Asuka: You want me to touch her? Oh, okay. Understood!
Misaki: Give it a go!
Asuka: Take this!
The moment Asuka's hand comes into contact with Misaki's body, a red triangle appears and the force of repulsion pushes them away from each other.
Asuka: That's the point field, right? And it shows that I just scored a point in a dogfight.
Masaya: Glad you remember.
Misaki: 'Kay, now it's my turn to touch you. Here goes nothing, Asuka!
Asuka: Uh, what? Hey, wait!
Misaki wobbles behind Asuka, startling her. She tries to resist, but finds herself unable to fly well enough to escape.
The point field appears, signifying that Misaki has scored.
Masaya: Hey, you need to get the okay before you touch someone's back during practice.
Mashiro: Everyone, watch this! I can fly properly!
Masaya: Wow, you're doing great.
Those Grav Shoes may be for beginners, but they're still Fighter shoes. Flying in them is pretty difficult.
Misaki: Great stuff, Mashiro. Okay, now do a big loop!
Mashiro: Alright! I've got this!
Masaya: I sure hope you do...
Most people can pull that off in normal Grav Shoes. Guess there's no need to worry.
Mashiro: Here I go...! Huh? Waaaaaaaaah!
She fails spectacularly.
Mashiro didn't gain enough speed, so she stalled near the turning point of the loop.
She proceeds to fall diagonally downward as she spins sideways. Maybe she strained her body in an attempt to somehow complete the loop?
Asuka: Mashiro-chan?!
Mashiro: Heeeeeeeeeeeelp! Save me, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Sorry! I'd love to, but I can't even fly straight right now.
I approach Mashiro and remind her of my lesson from earlier.
Masaya: Regain balance by spreading your arms and legs.
Mashiro: O-Oh, right!
Misaki: Wait, won't Masaya see your panties if you do that?
Mashiro: Huh?!
Mashiro covers her crotch with her hands and presses her legs together.
Masaya: Idiot! If you do that now--
Asuka: You'll miss your chance to see her panties?
Masaya: No! She'll have even less control!
In figure skating, drawing in your arms makes you spin faster and stretching them slows it down. Same rules apply here. It's the law of conservation of angular momentum.
Mashiro: Noooooo! Stoooooop!
Masaya: I'm telling you to spread your arms and legs!
Mashiro: But then you'll see my panties!
Masaya: I swear I don't care about your panties!
Mashiro: That makes me feel even worse!
Masaya: What do you expect me to do?!
Misaki: ...Can't you just look away?
Masaya: Oh, right...
Masaya: I'm not looking anymore. Spread your arms and legs now. Hurry!
Mashiro: Haaah... I-I stopped.
Masaya: Good grief...
Mashiro flies over to me as soon as she's back in control.
Mashiro: What color were my panties?
I didn't really get a clear look at them, but I think magenta-pink.
However...
Masaya: Rainbow colored, I think?
I'd have to be an idiot to answer honestly.
Mashiro: There's no way that exists! At least try to think up a better lie!
Masaya: That's a weird thing to get mad over.
Didn't she just say a good woman has to let things slide once in a while?
Masaya: None of you should be flying loops today. It's a little too dangerous to try that right off the bat.
In more ways than one.
Asuka: FC Grav Shoes really are on another level. It feels like I can fly super fast with them, and go anywhere I want.
Masaya: Some people compare it to the difference between normal cars and sports cars.
Asuka: I don't know much about cars, but that kind of makes sense.
Misaki: But I can't even fly straight yet...
Masaya: Well, you chose to go with a race car instead.
Everything's going well right now, but once actual practice starts...
Am I going to be able to coach them properly?
I keep watching the three of them from above with that single question running through my mind all the while.
It's after dinner now.
I'm trying to search for effective FC training methods on the internet, but...
Masaya: It's just not working...
I let go of my mouse and sink into my chair.
For some reason, I can't connect to the internet.
Maybe there's a problem with the connection, or maybe the router is broken. Who knows.
I've tried clicking different buttons on the control panel, but I'm not very computer savvy, so that turned up nothing.
I give up.
Left with no other option, I unplug the modem.
After a few seconds, my mom, who is downstairs, starts complaining about having lost her internet connection. I quickly explain the situation to her.
I'll plug the modem back in tomorrow and see if anything's changed. If not, I'll probably have to call someone.
Well, one or two days is nothing. Life without internet isn't all bad. I can just use my free time on other stuff.
A while back, I even started disassembling a pair of Grav Shoes to learn more about their inner working...
Masaya: What's that?
Think I just heard the sound of someone opening the window across from mine.
That would be... Ichinose's place. Guess that must be her.
Should I say something? No, we aren't really close enough for me to just pop my head out with a "Good evening."
Hell, she probably thinks I'm a peeping tom because of what happened the other day.
Better ignore it. Need to avoid any further misunderstandings.
Rika: Ah...! Ahhh...!
How am I supposed to ignore <i>that?!</i>
Rika: Ahhh!
...What's behind the curtain? I <i>really</i> wanna know.
Hold up. This is <i>my</i> room. Aren't I being a bit <i>too</i> considerate here?
I knock on my window, deciding to at least give her fair warning.
Masaya: Is it safe for me to look over, Ichinose?
Rika: Huh...?
Ichinose looks at me and freezes.
She's holding up a laptop toward the sky. Is she offering it to a god or something?
Rika: ......
Ichinose's face flushes red.
I don't really get what's going on. Did I end up seeing something private again?
Masaya: Okay, good night.
Rika: At least give me some time to think up an excuse!
She stops as I'm about to close my window.
Masaya: Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
Rika: That sounds kind, but it really isn't...
Seems she's back to normal.
Rika: Please listen.
Masaya: You don't have to tell me anything.
Rika: It's nothing weird. My internet just cut out.
Masaya: Oh.
Guess we're in the same boat.
Masaya: I see. That's why you...
...Wait, that's the reason she tried something so ridiculous?
It looked like something out of an old movie I saw. In it, the person was fiddling with the antenna on their boombox and stretching it out toward the sky to try and get a more clear audio feed.
Rika: You see, I use the internet quite a lot, but I don't know much about computers.
Masaya: Oh, okay.
We're even more similar than I thought.
Rika: What a bad day...
Ichinose hangs her head. She seems pretty depressed.
Masaya: What's wrong?
Rika: Well, my internet stopped working and then you caught me doing something embarrassing.
Masaya: That's all?
Rika: Apart from that... Hm, this is more personal, but...
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: Something came up during my club's meeting that I don't agree with. It's not on us, though. It's related to another school.
Masaya: ......
Ichinose starts explaining the situation to me even though I never asked her to.
Maybe she's actually mad.
I should act understanding here and let her blow off some steam.
Masaya: Damn, there sure are some bad schools out there.
Rika: It's not good to speak ill of things just because they're different, Hinata-san.
Masaya: ...Didn't you start it?
Rika: I never went that far.
Masaya: ...True.
Rika: But thank you for playing along and getting angry in my place.
Masaya: That wasn't really what I was trying to do...
Rika: Anyway, the point is, a lot of bad things happened to me today.
Masaya: I see.
I nod in response.
Rika: Let's get back to our earlier topic. I can't figure why my internet connection is down.
Rika: I wish my parents were here to help... Unfortunately, they often work late. Not that that's a bad thing, mind you.
Masaya: Just wait until tomorrow. One day without internet is no big deal, right?
I've already thought of a bunch of stuff to do during the downtime.
Rika: ......
Rika: Y-Yeah, right!
Masaya: ......
Damn. She looked dead inside before she forced that smile onto her face.
...Sure hope that was just my imagination.
Masaya: Let me take a look at it.
Rika: What?
Masaya: Your laptop, I mean.
Ichinose processes my request as her eyes wander between me and her laptop.
After a few moments, she tightly hugs her laptop... Wow, overprotective much?
Rika: ...Do you have something nefarious in mind?
Masaya: I'm only trying to help fix your internet connection!
Guess she thinks I'm a repeat offender.
Well, putting that aside...
Masaya: If it's a simple issue, I might be able to fix it.
I tend to work a lot better when I'm trying to help others.
And based on what I've seen, I'm a lot more computer-literate than her.
Masaya: Just so happens that we had a similar issue earlier.
I still haven't fixed that one, but she doesn't need to know that.
Rika: R-Really?!
Rika: Ah... No...
Masaya: What's the problem?
Rika: It's full of private information.
Masaya: I'll go grab my Grav Shoes. It'll be fine if you watch me work, right?
Rika: Oh, then I'll also get mine!
And so, the two of us float through our respective windows with our Grav Shoes. That way, Ichinose can watch as I attempt to solve her problems.
Masaya: Okay, let's see.
I move the cursor around and check the status of her wifi adapter.
Rika: Um... Did I upset you just now?
Masaya: What are you talking about?
I ask without tearing my eyes away from the screen.
Rika: The fact that I didn't hand you my laptop, I mean.
Rika: I figured I had to protect my privacy, but I'm worried that I may have annoyed you.
Masaya: Oh, no, not at all. Honestly, that impressed me. You seem really mature.
We're practically strangers, so she made the smart choice.
When you think about it, my request was pretty suspicious. She was right to say no.
Rika: I'm happy to hear that.
Masaya: Good.
Oh... I know what the problem is.
Rika: Have you figured it out already?
Masaya: I have.
Rika: Wait, really?
Masaya: Yeah.
It was a far simpler issue than I initially thought.
Ichinose's laptop is picking up over ten available networks right now.
The very same networks my computer can see, in fact.
However, that's only happening because the default network is down.
In other words, we have the same issue. Either the modem or router is busted.
I find one network with a particularly strong signal as I scroll through the list.
This place must be nearby... I try connecting to it, but a password prompt gets in my way.
Rika: C-Can you fix it...?
Masaya: ......
I feel sorry for Ichinose, who's looking at me with a mix of anxiety and anticipation in her eyes, but there's nothing either of us can do.
Can't believe we're having the exact same issue at the exact same time. What are the chances?
Must be higher than winning the lottery at least.
I go through all the same steps as earlier to solidify my hunch, then...
Masaya: ...Wait.
Rika: What's the matter?
Masaya: Hold on...
I take another look at the list of networks.
Maybe...
There's only a small chance this works, but it's worth a shot.
Rika: Huh? Where are you going?
Masaya: I'll be right back.
I return to my room...
...plug the modem in...
...and then float back over to Ichinose.
Rika: Wow, amazing! It's working again!
Wow, that actually fixed Ichinose's internet connection.
Rika: How did you fix it?
Ichinose is starry-eyed as she looks up at me.
Masaya: Err, sorry, but it's only a temporary fix.
I can't tell her the truth.
I mean, how would I even explain this to her?
I doubt she was doing it on purpose, but it looks like she's been using our internet this whole time.
Her internet connection must have disappeared the moment I unplugged the modem.
She was in the same boat as my mom, not me.
I never bothered setting a password, which meant anyone could freely connect to our network.
Ichinose's laptop just so happened to pick ours and set it as the default connection when she first moved in.
The other strong, password-protected network on the list must be hers.
I'd like to fix this right away.
There's probably a sticker with the password somewhere on their router.
But if I'm wrong, Ichinose will be left with no internet for the rest of the night.
After all, there's no way she'd continue to use ours if I point out the mistake she made.
Well, she just wanted me to get her internet back. So, mission accomplished, I guess?
Masaya: It'll do for now, but you should have your parents take a look at your network list when they have some time.
Rika: Um, the network list... Okay, understood.
Hopefully her parents notice the mistake and deal with it on their own.
Rika: Thank you.
Masaya: No, I should be thanking you.
Rika: Huh? What for?
Masaya: Don't worry about it.
She unintentionally helped me realize that the problem is my computer.
Rika: Now I can ask my friends for advice on what happened earlier today...
Masaya: Huh? That's why you were so worried about not having internet?
Rika: I'll leave that to your imagination.
Ichinose appears to be in high spirits again. Glad I could help.
Rika: Listen, you've been a huge help. I would like to repay you somehow...
Masaya: Don't worry about it.
Rika: But I've been so rude to you...
Ichinose starts to get all serious.
I feel like this'll go on forever if I don't nip it in the bud.
Masaya: Well, it's good that your internet is working again! Night!
I hurriedly flee back into my room.
Rika: Wait...
Rika: I forgot to apologize for the peeping incident again...
Rika: How careless... Get your act together, Rika.
After I get back in my room, I take off my Grav Shoes and let out a deep breath.
I just can't get used to how serious she is all the time.
Still, I'm glad things turned out okay.
Masaya: Alright, time to get cracking. Need to study up on FC.
I have to earn the right to call myself their coach.
Later that night, I find out why I can't connect to the internet.
It's a really stupid reason, too. The wifi dongle fell out on its own. Can't believe I didn't notice...
I take a couple deep breaths after I land next to the abandoned bus that has become our clubroom.
Today's our first real day of training.
I came up with a schedule, but... it's only good in theory. Jury's still out on how well it'll work in practice.
What if I fail as a coach? I hope I do a good job...
...Wait, where is everyone?
Strange. It was my turn to clean the restroom, so Asuka and Misaki left school before me.
I look up at the sky.
Doesn't seem like they're out warming up...
Huh?
Something's different.
All the window shades on the bus are down.
Did we leave them like that after cleaning the place up?
I <i>do</i> remember Misaki messing around with them.
I walk over to a window and peek through a part that the shade isn't fully covering.
Masaya: What the...?!
I feel like I've been run over by a truck. My heart's almost leaping out of my chest. And I mean that literally, not figuratively.
Wh-Wh-Wh-What the hell is going on?!
No, wait, I know <i>exactly</i> what this is!
When you speed up with Grav Shoes, a sort of numb feeling fills your legs. And my legs feel pretty similar right about now.
Part of my flustered mind knows it's better get away from the window, but...
Well, that's a <i>really</i> hard choice to make.
What man wouldn't be conflicted in my shoes?
I-I mean, come on...
It's only natural for me to want to keep watching these girls get changed!
I gulp down my saliva.
Damn it!
A sense of regret courses through my head. If only I'd gotten here sooner...
Asuka and Mashiro are already done changing.
Even twenty seconds earlier would've been a <i>huge</i> improvement!
...Man, I'm sounding like a real scumbag, huh?
But... I just can't help it!
I've got no way to hold back my urges!
Not when...
...Misaki is practically naked.
I can't take my eyes off her.
I know this makes me some sort of dirty degenerate, but--
J-Just this once, I'm okay with that!
G-God, she's taking practically forever to put that suit over her leg!
If she lowers her knee some more... I-I'll see her--
I know I've fallen into total creeper territory, but I can't help wishing that happened.
Asuka: This goes through here... Okay. I have to say, putting this on is pretty difficult.
Mashiro: R-Right.
Misaki: Practice suits are way easier to put on...
Asuka: But today's a special day! This is our very first practice session!
Misaki: True. Wearing tournament suits should make it all feel more official.
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: Something wrong, Mashiro?
Asuka: You've been acting a little bit weird.
Mashiro: Um... I just think you're being pretty bold.
Misaki: How?
Asuka: Oh, I agree with her. Wouldn't a normal person be embarrassed to take their clothes off with other people around them?
Mashiro: I-Is it because you want to show off your body?
Misaki: No, not really... It's just, caring about that stuff's a total waste of time.  I mean, we're all girls here.
Asuka: Maybe you're right, but there's no way I could pull that off.
Misaki: So what, you want me to act more embarrassed? Should I hide my body and stuff?
Mashiro: Not exactly!
Misaki: What do you want, then?
Mashiro: You need to act more embarrassed without hiding anything!
Misaki: Say what?
Mashiro: It would, um... How should I put this...? Basically, it'd be a whole lot more exciting!
Misaki: Seriously?
Asuka: You should at least use words like cute or adorable instead.
Mashiro: No way! I need to be true to myself! That would totally get me going!
Misaki: Y'know, you're just making it more weird at this point...
Mashiro: I can't help it! You're just <i>so</i> cute right now!
Nice work, Mashiro! Now, all Misaki has to do is listen to her, and...
Madoka: Sucks, right? If she just lowered her knee some more, you'd get a ringside view of her breasts.
Masaya: Yeah, but there's still a chance that she...
Madoka: ......\n...Wow, you've got some nerve saying that.
That's way off base. I'm just so startled that I have no clue how to react.
Masaya: Kgh... How much hush money is this gonna take?
Madoka: Why don't you start by moving your face away from the window...?
Shit!
Dammit, another ten seconds and I would've been in heaven!
Masaya: Ugh!
I let out a quiet groan as I turn to face Madoka.
Masaya: ...I never intended to peep. Please believe me.
Madoka: I see... What <i>were</i> you trying to do, then?
Masaya: I was wondering why the shades were closed, so I went over to the window, and then things ended up like this... What are you gonna do with me?
Madoka: This would get real bad, real fast if the coach got caught peeping on the very first day. I'll keep it a secret to protect our club.
Masaya: My deepest gratitude, O gracious Madoka.
I end up responding in a far too polite tone.
Madoka: Be ready for Christmas, though.
Masaya: What's up with Christmas?
Madoka: It's the time of year you get gifts and money, right? I'll be sure to make use of <i>all</i> of them.
Guess she isn't all that forgiving.
Madoka: Never do it again, Coach.
Masaya: I deeply regret my actions.
The bus' door opens with a creak.
Asuka: Oh, Coach and Madoka-chan.
Misaki: Why are you two standing over there? Don't tell me you were peeping on us?
Madoka: Hahahaha. Yeah, we <i>totally</i> were. We watched the entire thing, right?
Masaya: D-Don't even joke about that!
I'm guessing she thought it would be more natural to crack a joke, but her words have me on edge.
Mashiro: Masaya-senpai doesn't have the guts to do something like that.
Misaki: You're wrong, Mashiro. He may seem like a huge wuss, but he <i>does</i> have a manly side to him.
Masaya: Not really. I'm practically a beta male!
I get in on the joke to avoid any suspicion.
Asuka, on the other hand, seems to be retreating inward.
Asuka: I'm kind of embarrassed by these suits. They're <i>really</i> tight and form-fitting...
Mashiro: Good point. Honestly, I'm not sure what to do with my arms. Covering my breasts would make me look too self-conscious, but not covering them makes me feel uneasy...
Asuka: Aren't you embarrassed at all, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Nah. You get used to it. Think of it like swimming. You might not wanna show off your skin at first, but you stop caring after a while, right?
Mashiro: True. I usually start off with a bath towel, but by the time I leave, I don't really care enough to use it.
Misaki: May as well just skip to that part if you know it's gonna happen eventually. Only one who benefits from us acting all embarrassed is Masaya. Bet that's a <i>huge</i> turn-on for him.
Asuka: Really?
Masaya: Haha, hahahaha... Of course not.
Mashiro: You sure about that? Your reaction there seemed really off... Did you <i>actually</i> peek through the window?
Masaya: I'd never do that. Trust me.
Everyone: ......
Asuka: ......
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: D-Don't believe her lies! I haven't done anything wrong!
Shion: Oh, everyone's here already. Nice.
Prez lands next to us. Looks like he got changed back at school.
Great timing!
Prez proceeds to nod to himself over and over again as he looks around at us.
Shion: Nice! Nice! Nice! Nice! I-I'm not alone anymore! This is so great!
Madoka: When everyone's wearing flight suits, you really get the feeling that this is all legit.
Asuka: Yes, it <i>totally</i> puts your mind on FC.
Mashiro: I feel like they're a little too cute, though.
Misaki: That's a good thing, Mashiro.
Mashiro: True. I'm so glad I get to see you in this cute outfit, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: ...The only problem is that we need to get naked to change into these.
My throat dries up in an instant.
Masaya: ...Why are you looking at me and Prez like that?
Shion: There's no body I love more than my own! Besides, Hinata and I aren't cowardly peeping toms!
Masaya: Haha, hahaha! He's right on all counts!
Mashiro: If you ever get the urge to peep on Misaki-senpai, come to me. I'll sacrifice myself for the greater good...
Misaki: Don't say that, Mashiro. We'll <i>both</i> sacrifice ourselves if it comes to that.
Asuka: Oh, no fair. Don't leave me out. Please let me also join!
Does Asuka even get what she's saying?
Masaya: You're worrying about nothing. Neither of us would ever do that.
Madoka: <i>Of course not.</i>
Masaya: I mean, it would destroy any sense of trust between us.
Madoka: Oh, you get it.
I clap my cheeks with both my hands to dispel all distracting thoughts.
Masaya: Okay, today's the day we finally get started with real practice. But before that, there's something I need to confirm with you.
Misaki: Oh, what do you wanna know? Who I have a crush on, maybe?
Masaya: Why would I care about something that?
Misaki: Rude.
Masaya: I'm talking about setting our goals. It's hard to keep motivated when you're not working toward anything.
Misaki: Anything goes for me. Just make sure it's fun!
Mashiro: Same here!
Masaya: Fun is <i>definitely</i> important, but that can't be a goal on its own.
Misaki: Why not?
Masaya: Because that wouldn't boost our morale. If we set that as our goal, everyone would lose focus when we do any intense training.
Shion: Isn't it obvious? Our goal has to be getting past the first round of the prefectural tournament!
Madoka: ...Shion. Don't you ever think before you speak?
Masaya: A good goal is something that motivates people, so how about we aim a little higher?
Shion: G-Getting past the second round, then!
Asuka: Let's win the nationals!
Masaya: That's aiming a little too high. Let's keep it to something more realistic.
Misaki: All you do is complain. If you're gonna be so picky, why not set a goal yourself?
Masaya: Let's see... How about getting to top eight at the prefectural tournament?
Shion: Wow! I wouldn't have expected any less of you, Hinata! Your ambition is high.
Asuka: Is that actually hard?
Masaya: Our prefecture's packed with top FC clubs. People even say winning here is harder than winning the nationals.
Asuka: Oh, I see... That's so exciting! I can't wait to face them!
Masaya: I like that attitude. Okay, let's focus on the basics for now. It's best not to get into any matches until you have a handle on flying.
Asuka: Copy that!
Masaya: Let's see... We'll focus on fundamentals until the end of Golden Week. That may not be very fun, but it's important.
Asuka: I'll give it my all!
Misaki: Me too.
Mashiro: Me three!
Shion: Sweet! Let's get down to it!
I finish setting up buoys over the ocean, then approach everyone as they're warming up.
Masaya: Okay, we'll start with field flying.
Asuka: Got it! Um, what is field flying, exactly?
Masaya: Flying along the lines that form the field. The most important thing for you to learn is how to maintain your form.
Misaki: Let's forget about that and go straight to the action!
Masaya: No. Basics first, remember? Plus, this'll help me decide on your Grav Shoes settings. Now listen, you don't have to fly fast. The thing I need to see is how well you follow the lines, so don't stray too far off the path.
Misaki: 'Kaaay.
Mashiro: Got it.
Asuka: I'll try.
Masaya: Oh, Prez. Just so we're clear, make sure you don't bump into any of the others when you pass them.
Shion: I know.
Masaya: Same goes for the rest of you. Make sure you warn the person in front of you before passing them.
Everyone: Understood.
Asuka: Understood.
Misaki: Understood.
Mashiro: Understood.
Shion: Here I go!
Prez is <i>really</i> good at flying in a straight line. Unfortunately, his turns at the buoys are pretty bad.
Asuka: Ah, oh...! Whoa, I-I keep tilting to the side!
Asuka is trying to fly straight, but she keeps banking to the right. Maybe she's tensing up her right shoulder too much?
I feel like her form was better during her match with that Satouin person...
Mashiro: Ah, ngh, why... I don't get it, aaah! Oh nooo!
Mashiro's having the same problem as Asuka.
What's different is that she's trying to correct herself, which makes her stumble constantly. A very hectic and flustered way of flying.
Misaki: Huh? Wha, wha, what is this... I just... can't... fly straight!
Misaki's a total disaster. She can't fly even remotely straight. Instead, she's just reeling around without any semblance of balance.
Her shoes must be making it pretty hard for her.
But still, even accounting for that, she's doing a terrible job...
After about fifteen minutes, I call everyone down again.
Mashiro: That was pretty tiring.
Asuka: Yeah. These put a lot more strain on you than normal Grav Shoes.
Misaki: All my muscles are screaming. I can't go on...
Masaya: That was quick.
Misaki: Hehehe... But when I think of dominating these Grav Shoes...
Hard to tell whether she's a masochist or a sadist.
Madoka: Here! I've prepared some barley tea for you. It's important to keep hydrated.
Misaki: Yaaay, we're all done! Just gotta drink some barley tea and head on home!
Masaya: We're moving on to the next exercise once you finish your drinks.
Misaki: We aren't done yet?!
Masaya: Of course not! It's only been fifteen minutes!
Who in their right mind only practices for fifteen minutes?
Masaya: Next, we'll spice up our field flying. Whenever you pass someone, you have to touch their back. And the person who's about to be touched can't try to escape.
Asuka: Why not?
Masaya: This'll help you recover faster when you're thrown off balance in a dogfight. Should hopefully help give you the edge in a real match.
Asuka: In other words, we have to try to regain our balance and fly straight after we get touched?
Masaya: Exactly. Remember, you can spread your arms and legs to help with that.
Mashiro: You mean like I did at the Grav Shoe store?
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: Heh... Sounds a lot more fun than the first exercise!
Masaya: Prez. You'll probably end up touching the others a lot during this exercise, but try to keep your speed down. They'll be sent flying if you hit them at full speed.
Madoka: I'm worried because you only ever think about yourself when you're flying.
Shion: Don't worry! I know a club president has to take care of his new recruits. Leave it to me! I'm gonna fly slowly!
Masaya: Okay, let's get started.
What can I say? It's turning out exactly as I expected.
Asuka and Mashiro are getting flung around so much that it's almost funny.
Asuka: Waaaaaaaaah!
Mashiro: Heeeeeelp!
And each time, they get all flustered and can hardly recover. Kinda looks like they're drowning midair.
Misaki: There we go... Prez, you can touch me stronger.
On the other hand, Misaki's recovery speed is incredible. She's struggling to fly in a straight line, but it takes her no time to return to her default state.
She mentioned having experience, but I forgot to ask how much.
Misaki's the type of person who's good at everything, but I'm still left surprised by how good she is already.
Masaya: ......
An unpleasant image from the past runs through my mind.
There was a player who could easily recover no matter how much I chipped away at his speed and threw him off balance.
She reminds me a lot of that guy.
Just thinking about that makes my throat run dry.
...No time to think about that now.
It's only the first day, so I'll end practice here. Better to start off slow. Don't wanna overwork them.
I've also grasped everyone's strengths and weaknesses by now, which means I have some work to do on my end.
What's that?
Seems like someone's approaching from above.
Madoka: Oh, it's Ms. Kagami.
Turns out it's Aoi-san. She descends over to me in her Grav Shoes.
Aoi: Looks like practice is going well. But you know, you really shouldn't work them to the bone on day one.
Masaya: I know. I was just about to call it a day.
Aoi: I've got some good news for you.
Masaya: Oh?
Aoi: You're ending practice, right? Call everyone over to talk once they finish changing.
Masaya: Got it.
Aoi: I see that your clubroom is pretty girly.
Madoka: I figured it'd be more fun this way!
Aoi: Honestly, since Aoyagi's the president, I expected the clubroom to look more like a gym than anything.
I can <i>totally</i> see that.
Shion: They can turn this place into a sorority house for all I care!
Masaya: You don't need to sound so enthusiastic...
Misaki: Have a snack, Ms. Kagami. They're great.
Aoi: Kissing up to me won't get you better grades.
Misaki: I'm just worried you're not eating properly.
Mashiro: Yeah, what she said. You're all skin and bones!
Aoi: Sure doesn't seem that way too me, but I guess I'll help myself if you insist.
Masaya: So, what's the good news?
Aoi: Oh, right. You guys are going to have a training camp with Takafuji Academy over Golden Week. I've set up a bunch of practice matches.
Masaya: Whaaat?!
Shion: Takafuji Academy?!
Aoi: Why are you so surprised?
Masaya: Well, I mean, just think about it. No one other than Prez can even fly yet. Matches are out of the question.
Aoi: It's your job to get them to that point, no?
Masaya: Still...
Aoi: Besides, they need to compete in some practice matches <i>because</i> they're beginners. It's best to get practical experience early on.
Masaya: You have a point, but...
Aoi: Listen, having a deadline should be good incentive to improve, right? None of you will grow fast enough if you take your time with the basics.
Masaya: You sure about that?
Aoi: The basics won't stick until you put them to use.
Masaya: Sure, they might learn faster that way, but...
Why is she so focused on us taking this seriously?
Aoi: Well, the training camp is already set in stone. You'll have to attend no matter what.
Masaya: ...Fine. I'll make sure they're good enough to at least compete.
Asuka: Y-You can count on me!
Misaki: That's so awesome! Real matches are more my speed.
Mashiro: I don't like this...
Aoi: Like it or not, you have to at least give it a try.
I guess there are things you can only learn by doing, but still...
Aoi: Okay, different topic now. I watched you practice earlier... and--
Aoi-san looks at Misaki as she says that.
Aoi: I have to say, you were moving quite well for a beginner.
Misaki: Thanks!
Masaya: Misaki's no beginner. She has some FC experience.
Aoi: Oh, okay. Makes sense... You were pretty good out there too, Kurashina.
Asuka: Thank you!
She calls Asuka's flopping and flailing "good"?
Aoi: Heh...
Masaya: What's with the laugh?
Aoi: No one starts out as a great coach. You have to understand that helping others improve comes with a lot of personal improvement.
Masaya: What does that have to do with Asuka?
Aoi: Find out for yourself. I wouldn't want to get in the way of your growth.
Masaya: Uh, okay...?
Aoi: Anyway, keep up the good work. Don't slack off during practice!
Aoi-san gets up, stretches a little, and then flies off toward the sports ground.
What was she trying to say?
...Not like it matters, I guess. Right now, my job is to get all our members ready for real matches by Golden Week.
I have to at least teach them how to do High Yo-Yos and Low Yo-Yos.
We can't go to that training camp as complete amateurs. We'll only hold Takafuji Academy back if we do.
Masaya: Wait a minute...
This is starting to sound really familiar...
A sudden training camp with Takafuji Academy...
Rika: Something came up during my club's meeting that I don't agree with. It's not on us, though. It's related to another school.
Masaya: ......
Asuka: Whoa! Your face is all stiff, Masaya-san... and you're trembling, too. A-Are you alright?!
Masaya: Uh... yeah, I'm trembling. Trembling with excitement, that is! Never thought we'd get to train with Takafuji Academy. They're real famous around these parts!
For some reason, Ichinose's solemn face flashes through my mind. The girl's so earnest that she even waited outside my front door this morning to thank me for my help last night.
It has to be a coincidence. There's no way this is all connected.
Asuka: Wow! That's so reassuring, Masaya-san!
I can't let that get me down. My top priority right now is getting these girls into fighting shape.
I have a bad feeling about this, but for now, I'll shake it off.
Need to keep everyone motivated.
Masaya: Let's put our backs into this!
Asuka: Gladly!
Misaki/Mashiro: Roger!
Misaki: Roger!
Mashiro: Roger!
Masaya: Is this really gonna be alright?
Asuka's one thing, but Misaki and Mashiro worry me. They seem nowhere near as motivated as her.
Asuka: Phew... Practice was a lot of fun today.
Masaya: Right...
Man, I'm going to have to completely change my plans for tomorrow.
Now I've gotta explain advanced FC skills to people who can't even fly properly...
Well, explaining them is the easy part. Actually learning to perform them is a whole other story.
There's also a ton of other stuff I have to do. Need to make sure they know all the rules, as well as basic strategy. Plus, we need to pencil in time to practice all this...
Why did Aoi-san schedule such an unreasonable training camp? There's no time to actually prepare for it.
Asuka: Masaya-san...?
Masaya: Hm? Did you say something?
Asuka: Yes.
Masaya: Oh, okay. Sorry, I was lost in thought.
Asuka: Because of the training camp?
Masaya: How'd you guess?
Asuka: You've been acting strange since that conversation with Ms. Kagami.
Masaya: I see...
I was trying not to let my worry show, but I guess I'm a bad actor.
Need to work on my poker face.
Asuka: Um...
Asuka: I know I'm not a good flyer yet, but I'm really trying to improve, so...
Asuka: Please don't give up on me!
Masaya: Give up on you? I'd never--
I catch myself before I finish that sentence. She's probably worried that she forced me into all this by asking for my help.
From Asuka's perspective, I didn't choose to be her coach, which is why she's worried about me sticking around.
Add that on to how worried I must look, and it's only natural that she thinks I might quit.
I've already failed as a coach if I'm making my team feel uneasy.
Masaya: Don't worry. I'm in this for the long haul!
Asuka: Really?
Masaya: You bet.
Asuka: ...But what if I'm bad?
Masaya: I'll make you carry around a tire as you fly.
Asuka: Say what? Don't tell me Misaki-chan was right about you being a sadistic drill sergeant...
Masaya: That's for you to find out. But hey, I promise to make sure you at least enjoy it.
I smile at Asuka.
Masaya: I'd be a bad coach if I only made you suffer.
Asuka: Ah...
Asuka returns my smile.
Asuka: Right. Having fun is <i>really</i> important!
Fun, huh?
Maybe I need to find the fun in coaching...
Masaya: Just don't blame me if things get tough.
Asuka: I-I would never!
Masaya: Guess I'll really have to drill it into your body. There's no way around it.
Asuka: Got it, Coach! Please drill it into me!
Masaya: You know, you should really think before you speak... Well, whatever. Keep up the good work tomorrow.
Asuka: Thanks! I will!
Glad she's so into all this.
Asuka: ...Yeah, I can do this.
She softly touches the hair tie she's using for her side ponytail as she says that. Almost feels like she's making some kind of vow.
That hair tie is designed to look like a feather. It really fits someone as bubbly as Asuka, but for a second, something about it gave me the chills.
Masaya: That's...
Asuka: Something wrong?
Masaya: ...No, just wondering if touching your hair tie is some kinda habit.
Asuka: Oh, um, ahaha...
Asuka laughs awkwardly. Seems she's embarrassed.
Asuka: It's kind of like my lucky charm.
Masaya: I see.
Asuka: A personal treasure, basically.
I see...
Asuka: Oh, we're almost there.
The terminal comes into view.
Asuka: Practice is going to get a lot harder starting tomorrow, isn't it?
Masaya: Yep. And you better keep up!
Asuka: Yes, Coach!
Asuka's reply is full of energy. That's good.
There's almost no time until the training camp.
Luckily, there's a clear-cut deadline. That makes it easy to work out a schedule.
Masaya: Everything's going just as Ms. Kagami planned...
It's frustrating that I'm dancing to her tune, but I'll have to put up with it for now. Just need to focus on the upcoming training camp.
★: Chapter 2 -- End.
Golden Week has begun.
Aoi-san is currently leading everyone in the Kunahama Academy FC Club to our training camp.
Asuka: The students have that much power over the school...?
Aoi: Yes. Instead of a Student Council, Takafuji Academy has something called the Administrative Council.
Aoi: And I hear they practically run the school.
Aoi: They have a lot of students too. The main school in Tokyo alone has over 6,000.
Aoi: Their Fukuru Island branch obviously doesn't reach anywhere near that number, but it's still a Brobdingnagian school.
Madoka: A Brobdingnagian school...
Aoi: You're a local, so you should at least know the building.
Madoka: I've seen it around. I was just thinking that literally no one these days would use that wor-- Ouch!
Madoka tilts to the side at a strange angle.
Madoka: Hey, Ms. Kagami! Don't go bumping into me!
Aoi: What's was your point, younger Aoyagi? Are you trying to say I'm out of touch because of my age? Huh?
Madoka: I-I would never!
Aoi: Honestly, you've gotten a lot more cheeky lately, haven't you? And here I thought you were a well behaved student.
Madoka: I was just trying to be more open and honest, but I'm reconsidering that as we speak!
Masaya: ......
I opt out of the situation. Aoi-san is clearly pissed, even if it doesn't show on her face.
Madoka: Y-Your Madoka-chan is in big trouble! This is your time to shine, Big Bro! Save this damsel in distress, Big Bro!
Shion: Did you see how she just snuck up on Madoka and totally threw her off balance? She's seriously skilled.
Masaya: Well, I admit that <i>was</i> impressive, but it's better not to try that during normal flight.
Shion: Madoka, you're part of the Kunahama Academy FC Club, too. Steal all the moves she uses on you during your "special lessons"!
Madoka: I'm the <i>manager,</i> okay?!
Madoka: Just save me! Any more of this, and my LIM makeup will be ruined! The membrane's rubbing against my skin and making it come off!
Misaki: What? LIM makeup?
Mashiro: She means less is more.
Misaki: Oh, a YSK kinda thing, then.
Mashiro: Huh? Uh...
Mashiro: I-I don't really understand, but I'll take your word for it!
I fly over to Aoi-san in order to ask her a question.
Masaya: Why are we flying to them? There are better means of transport.
Aoi: Think of it as practice.
Masaya: ...I don't get it.
I knit my brows in confusion.
Aoi: To be honest, there wasn't enough time to organize stuff after I applied for the training camp. Forget transportation, I even had to force Takafuji to change their plans to fit us in.
Masaya: And they're fine with that?
Now I'm getting uneasy for an entirely different reason.
Aoi: Also, we don't have enough funds for a bus... Anyway, who cares. This is an FC club, so don't complain about flying.
Aoi: How about we take turns singing to relieve your boredom?
Masaya: It's not like I want this to feel like some camping trip.
Aoi: Well, if you want <i>another</i> reason I chose to fly over...
Masaya: I honestly don't even care anymore.
Aoi: I wanted to see how much progress my apprentice's students have made in a week.
Masaya: ......
I had lost interest and started to move my eyes away from her, but hearing that makes me turn back toward her instantly.
Aoi: ...What? Does that have you all emotional?
She has a smug look on her face, but I can also sense a hint of kindness within it that most people wouldn't register.
Masaya: You'd know how much they've improved if you actually showed up to practice at all.
I reply in an accusatory tone. I mean, <i>come on,</i> how can a club advisor not even show up to practice once?
Her excuse sounds <i>way</i> too forced to move me to tears.
Aoi: I'll think about it.
Doubt it.
Aoi: Well, something tells me they've still got a long way to go.
Masaya: Huh? What do you mean by-- Ugh, Asuka?!
Asuka: Excuse me!
Asuka's suddenly flying right next to me.
Masaya: What's the matter? Do you need help with your form again or something?
Asuka: Um, I can't say I don't, but...
Aoi: Right, Kurashina. Just be straight with him. Only way he'll get better is if he knows he's a bad coach.
Masaya: Do you <i>always</i> have to trash me?
I swear, she's constantly bad-mouthing me. It <i>really</i> sucks.
Asuka: Oh no, he's a great coach! In fact, he's <i>totally</i> wasted on me!
Masaya: No need to exaggerate. But thanks. So, what's up?
Asuka: Well, um...
Asuka: Ms. Kagami didn't finish telling me about the school we're heading to, so, um, I'm wondering if she forgot.
Aoi: Fuuh...
Masaya: Right, Asuka, tell her! Pretending to blow smoke out of a cigarette that's not even lit can't save her!
Aoi: ...You're looking pretty smug, Masaya.
I pretend not to hear that.
Aoi: You're misunderstanding, Kurashina. I just finished part one, that's all. We're about to get right into the depths of part two.
Why's she being so dramatic? That's gotta be one of the worst excuses I've ever heard.
Asuka: O-Oh, okay! I see! I'm sorry, I didn't realize part two was coming.
And this gullible girl actually believes her.
Masaya: Quit lying to her. You totally just forgot!
Madoka: I see my little quip stung pretty deep. Master of the Obsolete, Aoi! Ugh?!
Madoka flies off sideways in an exaggerated manner as Aoi-san's palm grazes her.
Madoka: Nooo! How can you use such a dangerous move on a manager!
Aoi: Consider yourself lucky. You'd already be dead if I got serious.
Shion: Impressive... I can't believe she's even mastered the assassin's fist... You need to steal that move from her too!
Madoka: You want your little sister to become a killer?
Yeah, this is getting <i>way</i> too weird. Better get away from Aoi-san while I still can.
Asuka: Whoa there...
Asuka follows me. Looks like she did it without really thinking.
Masaya: Ms. Kagami seems preoccupied. How about I pick up where she left off?
Asuka: Oh, in that case--
Asuka presses her hands together mid-sentence as if she's suddenly remembered something.
Asuka: I thought I heard Ms. Kagami call you her apprentice earlier...
Masaya: You must've been hearing things.
Asuka: Oh, okay. Guess you're right!
Masaya: ......
Asuka's absolute faith in me makes me feel bad.
But there's nothing I can do about that. Don't really feel like explaining our past right now...
Oh, we're here.
Asuka: Can you tell me more about Takafuji Academy, then? Ms. Kagami said it's very big, but how exactly--
Masaya: Stop.
Asuka: You're telling me to wait <i>again?!</i> The part two Ms. Kagami mentioned is over and there's going to be a part three?!
Masaya: No, it's just, seeing is believing.
Asuka: Huh?
I tell our entire group to stop.
Below us is an area far too large to be a normal campus.
Masaya: We're there.
Fukuru Island is located 5.4 kilometers south-west of Kunahama Island.
It takes nineteen minutes to cross by ferry.
And in the north-eastern part of Fukuru Island... is this school.
Masaya: So this is Takafuji Academy's Fukuru Island Branch, huh...?
Asuka: Wooow, it's huge!
Asuka gives her honest impression.
Aoi: Didn't you get the option to attend Takafuji, Kurashina?
Madoka: Yeah. It's nearby, and it's a <i>really</i> prestigious school.
Asuka: I did, but...
Masaya: Any specific reason you didn't choose it?
Asuka: Moving between classrooms is hard when the school's big.
...Frankly, that kind of response suits Asuka best.
Asuka: None of you chose to attend Takafuji either, right?
Masaya: Well...
Masaya: I chose Kunahama because it's close-by.
That's my default answer to the question.
And it's what I want to believe, too.
But honestly, I know that wasn't my real reason.
After all, I've been trying to avoid Flying Circus for a while now.
That's why I chose Kunahama Academy, which wasn't known for FC. And somehow, I <i>still</i> ended up getting involved with the sport.
Aoi: ......
Aoi-san was the first person I ever lied to about my motives.
Though I'm guessing she saw right through me from the start.
Shion: I chose Kunahama because its FC club is weak.
...Can't say I expected him to share my thought process.
Shion: We'll start off as a circle with no members, no place to practice, and no clubroom.
Shion: Then, we do well enough to attract new members and become an official club.
Shion: And finally, we win the nationals on our first try! That's my dream! Doesn't the idea get you pumped?!
Misaki: But now you're a senior, and none of that's happened!
Shion: So what? It's never too late! The key to our victory is muscles!
Mashiro: Huh? How does that work? Do I need to bulk up to help us win...?
Mashiro seems pretty worried by that thought.
Man, reality's a harsh mistress. In his three years, the Kunahama Academy FC club accomplished nothing and lost all its members.
Also, someone should speak up about the "win the nationals" part.
Madoka: What are you talking about, Shion? I remember you begging your teacher for a recommendation to Takafuji. You'd be in there if you didn't fail the entrance exam...
Shion: Takafuji Academy failed to see the true potential of my muscles, and I shall make them pay for it.
Asuka: ...Didn't you lose to one of their students recently?
Shion: HAHAHA! That was then, this is now!
Masaya: You never quit, do you?
Maybe it's the power of his muscles?
Considering my situation, I'm actually kinda jealous. Though I'd still never wish to be like him.
Asuka: Um, what about you two...?
Misaki: Seemed like a pain.
Mashiro: Takafuji is for rich kids.
I think that's a bit of an overstatement.
Asuka: Is it the same for you, Madoka-chan?
Madoka: Nah, for me, smaller is better. With a big school, it's like, there's way too many people. Makes it easy to get lost in the shuffle, you know?
Madoka: So I figured I'd go to a school that was more low-key. That way, whenever big stuff happened, I could grab the spotlight and become a main heroine.
Madoka: Just call me Super Duper Main Heroine Madoka-chan!
Mashiro: ...Do you even get how arrogant you sound?
Somehow, I get the feeling that I should give up on her.
Asuka: By the way, what was that you talked about earlier? The Administrative Council, I mean.
Aoi: Roughly speaking, the students of Takafuji are in charge of running the school. Though, of course, that's only at face value.
Aoi: And the members of the Administrative Council are at the top of that food chain.
Asuka: I see...
Aoi: Doesn't click?
Aoi: Hm, well, here's a good example.
Aoi: The Takafuji FC Club doesn't have a supervisor right now. Or well, they <i>do</i> have one, but only on paper.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: A prestigious school like that doesn't have an FC club advisor?
Aoi: They had one before last year.
Asuka: What happened?
Aoi: He got so caught up in protecting the image of the school that he started telling people to win at any cost.
Aoi: Eventually, the students got fed up with his lack of care for their health and impeached him.
Madoka: Who's in charge now?
Aoi: The person who rallied the rest of the club members to remove their old advisor.
Aoi: He's been in charge ever since, and it would be an understatement to say he performed well last year. Under his watch, the members improved by leaps and bounds, and he even personally took home the regional championship last year. I'm talking about their FC club's president--
? ? ?: We have eagerly awaited your arrival!
I turn toward the person who just addressed us.
And when I do, I see a rather large number of students that have gathered before us.
There's probably more than fifty of them.
I'm guessing that's the Takafuji Academy FC Club.
Rika: ......
...No need to guess because I spot an all too familiar face.
Didn't expect the entire club to come greet us.
And the one who called out to us, positioned at the center of the lined up students, is--
Satouin: Greetings, Kunahama Academy FC Club!
Masaya: ...Right, I should've known.
Madoka: Huh? Do you know her?
Madoka asks.
Masaya: Kind of.
Asuka: Huh? Don't tell me Satouin-san is the president you were talking about...
Shion: No, she's not.
Aoi: Where's Shindou?
Misaki: Shindou?
Shion: Kazunari Shindou. That's the name of their president. He's the strongest Skywalker of our generation.
Masaya: Kazunari Shindou...
Never heard of him.
Madoka: Oh, I've heard the name before. He's pretty famous. Apparently he's the role model of every young Skywalker.
Masaya: Oh really?
I've had my hands full, so I never bothered to scout potential opponents. My bad.
I'm totally failing as a coach right now. Should start paying more attention to FC news.
But putting that aside...
Satouin: Something urgent came up that required his attention. Our club has more than enough managers, but there's some administrative work that only he can take care of.
About seven or eight students all bow their heads when she brings up their managers.
Guess that's their way of introducing themselves.
Madoka: No worries. Quality's <i>way</i> more important that quantity.
Misaki: Damn, that means we're 700 times worse instead of only seven!
Madoka: Rude!
I'll ignore our barely-functioning manager for now...
Can't believe they have so many people in supporting roles. No wonder they house the reigning champion.
Satouin: He's also been eagerly awaiting your arrival, so I'm sure he'll be here soon.
Eagerly awaiting us, huh?
Going by what Aoi-san said, this joint training camp is effectively the same as us forcing ourselves into Takafuji's practice.
It'd be nice if everyone actually wanted us here, but...
Rika: ......
I doubt they do.
Satouin: Allow me, the vice president, to welcome you in his place. I am Takafuji's Violet Rose, Reiko Satouin!
Mashiro: Ms. Kagami, is she also a famous Skywalker?
Aoi: I've never heard of her.
She sure doesn't mince words.
Mashiro: Sounds like a rich girl... She's acting <i>really</i> pretentious.
Mashiro seems annoyed by her attitude.
Satouin: In any case, it's simply wonderful that you've traveled so far to stay with us. I thank you on behalf of the Takafuji Academy FC Club!
Satouin: You must be exhausted from the long journey. Allow me to guide you to our clubroom. Hand me your luggage, I shall carry it!
Saying so, Satouin-san comes over to get our bags herself.
Wouldn't say it was a "journey", but it's nice to see she actually cares.
Mashiro: ...Um, I take back what I just said. Maybe she's not all bad.
Misaki: Right? She's actually a pretentious, humble rich girl.
Masaya: That makes no sense...
Misaki's just contradicting herself there.
Plus, she's wrong on both counts. Satouin-san is just a genuinely kind person.
Aoi: No, you can leave that for later.
Satouin: Oh my. That seems odd.
Aoi: They're still young, so it's better for them to warm up right away.
There she goes again... What are we supposed to do if our warm up ends poorly?
The looks on everyone but Asuka's faces makes it clear we're thinking along the same lines. However, that isn't even the strangest thing she just said.
I mean, what does being young have to do with anything? I'm sure all of us want to ask her that question, but we avoid it in order to ensure our continued survival.
Aoi: Come to think of it, we haven't introduced ourselves yet. I'm the club advisor, Aoi Kagami.
Some of the Takafuji girls let out cheers as she introduces herself.
Seems the once legendary Aoi Kagami is still known among young Skywalkers.
I'm not surprised. She had a ton of fans back in the day... and most of them were girls.
Satouin: Quiet down.
Satouin-san scolds them.
Aoi: Masaya.
Masaya: Got it.
Urged on by her gaze, I decide to introduce myself.
Masaya: Thank you for making this training camp possible. I'm Masaya Hinata, a sophomore at Kunahama Academy. I also currently serve as the coach of our FC club.
Satouin: A player <i>and</i> a coach? You're the same as our president, then.
Masaya: No, I'm just the coach.
Satouin: Oh my...
Rika: ......
All of the Takafuji students seem surprised by that fact.
Makes sense. It's pretty unusual for someone our age to be <i>just</i> a coach.
Even Shindou-san, the top Skywalker of our generation, does both.
That must mean they take me for some genius strategist...
Damn, I wanna go home now...
Masaya: That said, it's not like I'm anything speci--
Aoi: Masaya is amazing. He's leading the whole club on his own.
Masaya: What are you saying?!
I was trying to lower their expectations, but she just ruined everything!
Aoi: He's also incredibly mature. You can't even compare him to someone as irresponsible as me. That's why I'm leaving him in charge.
Masaya: Seriously, cut it ou-- Wait, what?!
I had to have misheard that, right?!
Masaya: You can't be serious. You're not actually leaving us here, are you?
Aoi: Don't worry. I'll come to pick you up when the training camp's done.
Masaya: That's <i>not</i> the problem here.
Aoi: Listen, if I stick around, that girl won't be able to focus on practice.
She winks at a girl who's staring at her as she says that.
Shrill cheers erupt one once more.
Aoi: All jokes aside--
Masaya: Didn't really sound like a joke to me.
Aoi: No teachers allowed. That was one of their conditions.
Masaya: I'm sure you can pass for a student.
Aoi: ...Keep that up and your face will meet my heels.
But she really <i>does</i> look young.
Aoi-san turns to face Satouin-san.
Aoi: So far, I've left the club in his capable hands. Think of him as Kunahama's Shindou.
Masaya: Um, no, please don't.
Sure, I haven't even met Shindou-san, but he sounds <i>way</i> more amazing than me.
Aoi: Hinata is the one who made this training camp a reality.
I don't know if this is her sick idea of payback, but either way, she keeps making the situation worse for me.
Satouin: Oh my, how impressive...
And the problem is, everyone from Takafuji is buying into her crap.
Rika: ......
Masaya: Ugh...
I'm screwed.
Aoi: Alright, I'm heading out now.
Masaya: I can't believe you're actually abandoning us.
I know she's not the type to change her mind, but still...
Masaya: Fine. I've given up on stopping you, so please do something about our president before you leave.
Aoi: What?
Masaya: He's down in the dumps because you made me seem like the leader.
Shion: ......
I only just noticed that Prez looks devastated.
His reaction's honestly kind of cute, which doesn't suit him at all.
Aoi: I'm impressed by your observation skills, Masaya.
Masaya: That's beside the point.
Aoi: It's a coach's job to cheer up his team. Don't worry, this should be no sweat for someone with such a keen eye.
Masaya: Flattery will get you nowhere. Quit trying to avoid the problem!
Aoi: Oh, look at the time. I'm outside of working hours already. Time to close up shop for the day. Sorry.
Masaya: Hey, Ms. Kagami...
Aoi: If you noticed that all on your own, you should try to fix it on your own too. Show everyone what you're made of, okay?
So what, she's saying this is a test of my leadership skills or something?
Masaya: ...Fine. I'll take care of it.
Can't really count on her to handle it anyway.
I turn to face everyone from Takafuji Academy again.
Masaya: Let me continue where I left off.
Masaya: This here is our very dependable club president.
Shion: ......
Prez's ears twitch when he hears that.
Masaya: No one I know's as muscular as him. His bulging biceps are a huge help during practice.
Shion: That's right! I'm Shion Aoyagi, a senior at Kunahama Academy! Let's all work on our muscles together during this training camp!
Prez returns in all his glory.
Mashiro: Why're you talking about his muscles so much? That makes us sound like a pack of freaks...
Madoka: Better be careful. If you keep making us look bad, I promise they'll stop talking to you.
Unfortunately, the way I handled that is met with contempt by some of our female members... I'll just pretend I didn't hear that.
Introductions continue on after Prez.
Asuka: Me next! I'm Asuka Kurashina, a sophomore!
Quiet murmurs erupt among Takafuji's club members.
What's up with them?
Asuka: It's actually only been three weeks since I started flying, and I don't have any real FC experience, but...
The buzz has grown louder.
...Oh, I see.
The Takafuji people keep glancing between Asuka and Satouin-san. That makes sense.
They must all know that Asuka scored a point on Satouin-san.
On top of that, she started flying only three weeks ago. If you look at the timeline, she'd only been at it for a week back then. It's no wonder they're all confused.
Her stock must have taken a big hit thanks to that revelation.
I look at Satouin-san as that thought runs through my mind.
Satouin: It has been a while, Asuka Kurashina.
Asuka: Oh, yes, Satouin-san. I'm glad you remember me.
Satouin: I never forget a name. Besides, didn't you introduce yourself a moment ago?
Satouin: I look forward to the chance I'll get to redeem myself. Let's make it a great match.
Asuka: Um, I'm looking forward to it too! Let's do our best out there!
Satouin-san directs an elegant bow at Asuka, which she hurriedly tries to return.
Wow...
That's a little unexpected.
I thought she might hold a grudge, and go all "That was nothing but a fluke!" or something.
Actually, the Takafuji students all seem <i>really</i> composed too...
Maybe Satouin-san's a better leader than I thought.
And there's still someone above her... Shindou-san.
Takafuji Academy's Fukuru Island Branch, huh...?
Rika: ......
A certain girl I know has been glaring daggers at me this entire time.
The expression she has on her face makes me pray she only looks like her, but I know that isn't true.
Anyway, introductions continue.
Mashiro: My name is Mashiro Arisaka. I'm a freshman... Um, and...
Masaya: Why don't you tell them your playstyle?
Mashiro: I-I know! I was just about to say that!
Mashiro: Come on, quit acting like I'm a kid...
Mashiro: My playstyle is Fighter. I'm looking forward to practicing with all of you.
Mashiro bows her head with a smile on her face... What, can't spare any of that kindness for me?
Guess this is what they call teenage rebellion.
Aoi: What's up? Seems like you want to say something.
Masaya: I-It's nothing.
They grow up so fast...
Asuka: Oh, I forgot to say, but I'm an All-Rounder!
Shion: And I'm a Speeder!
The two people who finished introducing themselves chime in with their playstyles.
And then, next comes...
Misaki: Misaki Tobisawa. Sophomore. Fighter.
Masaya: That's a bit <i>too</i> brief.
Low blood pressure or not, she could at least try a bit harder here.
Misaki: ......
Misaki: Japanez's, vary had.
Masaya: Let me get this straight. You're planning on rolling with that broken Japanese for the rest of this training camp, yeah?
Misaki: Nice to meet you all.
Misaki bows her head.
Glad she realized it'd be a pain to keep that up.
Madoka: And last, but certainly not least, comes the shining star of the Kunahama Academy FC Club! Kunahama Academy sophomore, the one, the only Madoka-chan! Happy to meet y'all!
Aoi: Alright, I'm going now.
Masaya: Okay. See you in a few days.
Satouin: Take care, Ms. Kagami.
Madoka: No reaction?!
You should be glad you didn't get anyone's honest opinion.
I'm watching Aoi-san leave when...
Satouin: You.
Masaya: ......
Satouin: I mean you. Yes, you.
Masaya: ......
Satouin: Hey, listen to me!
Masaya: Huh? Are you talking to me?
Satouin: Have you seen me looking at anyone else?
I mean, no, but it's kind of hard to tell when all she says is "you."
Masaya: What happened to not forgetting a name you've heard?
Satouin: Nothing. I haven't forgotten yours at all.
Satouin: However, that doesn't necessarily mean I need to use it, right?
Masaya: ...I see.
She's saying there's some condition I haven't cleared yet. Need to earn her respect to get the "privilege" of being called by name.
Masaya: Well, what do you need?
Satouin: Are you sure you're fine with practicing right away?
Masaya: Let me think...
That proposal is our beloved teacher's last will and testament. We should at least use it, for her sake.
Masaya: Yeah, let's just get right to practice. Can we use your changing rooms?
Misaki: Do we <i>have</i> to?
Masaya: Come on, take this more seriously.
They're letting us stay here and practice with them. Have some manners, girl.
Satouin: That should be fine. Follow me. The changing rooms are right this way.
Asuka: Thank you!
Satouin-san takes it upon herself to show our members the way to the changing rooms, so everyone other than me follows her.
Masaya: ...Shit.
Next thing I know, I find myself all alone in front of dozens of Takafuji students.
Should've just gone with them...
I've got nothing to do here. This is <i>really</i> awkward.
...Actually, that's not quite right.
I'm their coach. It's my job to get to know some of their players to help my team fit in.
I'm not very good at socializing, but I'm the only one who can do this... Wait, Madoka would have been perfect for this, <i>and</i> she doesn't even need to change. Why'd she leave?
Guess that doesn't really matter now. It's all up to me. I need to at least talk to one person!
Having made up my mind, I take a deep breath to relax and prepare myself for this trial.
? ? ?: U-Um...!
Masaya: ......
That's right. I forgot.
I still have to deal with <i>her.</i>
Rika: Can I have a moment?
She leads me to a place away from the other Takafuji students.
Rika: Um, let me start of by confirming this...
Rika: You <i>are</i> the Hinata-san I know, yes?
Masaya: Yeah. And you're the Ichinose who moved in next door. Looks like I was right.
Rika: What do you mean?
Masaya: I already guessed you were a member of the Takafuji Academy FC Club.
Rika: Does that mean...
Masaya: What?
Rika: Does that mean you knew when I was venting to you?
Rika: ...No, forget about that. I'm sorry. I shouldn't suspect you of any wrongdoing.
Glad she doesn't assume the worst.
Masaya: I really didn't know at the time. Promise.
It only clicked after Aoi-san told us about the training camp.
Rika: ...Why now?
Masaya: What do you mean?
She's being really vague. Can't tell what she's trying to ask at all.
Rika: Here in the Takafuji Academy FC Club, everyone takes FC seriously. That's clear to even someone like me who only joined this spring.
Rika: Practice is tough, but my fellow club members are all focused and ambitious, and I respect them greatly for that.
Rika: The summer tournament is only two months away, which means it's important that we devote as much of our time to practice as we can.
Rika: This will be the last tournament ever for all the seniors. They can't afford to leave behind any regrets! Shindou-senpai, in particular, is the strongest FC player of our generation and the reigning champion, so he has to defend his title no matter what!
Rika: I know it might be presumptuous of me to say this, since I'm still new here... but I can feel their passion for the sport every single day we practice.
Rika: And now they have to take time out of their precious practice schedules to help out some club that just formed...
Rika: Don't misunderstand me. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that. It's just... why does it have to be now?
I initially thought she was just taking out her frustration on me, but it seems I was mistaken.
I think this goes back to what Aoi-san said.
She claimed I spearheaded this training camp. In fact, she even said that I was in charge of the Kunahama Academy FC Club in general. It's no wonder Ichinose is directing her complaints at me after hearing that.
This must be what she was worried about when we last talked.
She's this worked up about something that has nothing to do with her... She must care a lot about her fellow club members.
Or well, that's the positive spin at least. Honestly, I think it's more that she's getting a little ahead of herself.
What to do...
Aoi-san isn't here right now, which means I can just pin the blame on her... No, wait, what am I saying? It <i>is</i> her fault.
Still, blaming her won't fix things, and I'd feel bad since she isn't even here to defend herself.
Plus, Ichinose would be left with no one to answer her questions.
That'd be fine by me if she was just a random stranger, but unfortunately, she isn't.
Masaya: There's no point in complaining about that now. Just tell me what you want.
Rika: I obviously can't ask you to leave right away, but could you maybe wrap up early?
Masaya: ......
Rika: I'm really sorry...
She has no reason to apologize, yet she does.
She goes out of her way to help others, then ends up feeling bad about it.
Must be hard to live that way.
Let's see, how do I respond here...
Hm...
? ? ?: Oh, look who we have here.
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: Ah...
The sudden appearance of another person turned the conversation on its head.
? ? ?: I've been looking for you everywhere. Who would have thought you'd be here of all places?
Masaya: Who--?
? ? ?: Say, can we shake hands? Actually, I'm already shaking it, aren't I? Thanks.
The guy grasps my hand without even introducing himself.
And he won't let go!
Masaya: Hey...!
I try to shake off his hand.
Masaya: Ah!
However, I can't get away from him. His grip is too tight.
Suddenly, a thought occurs.
Is this...
Rika: Shindou-senpai...
Masaya: Should've known.
Kazunari Shindou.
The strongest Skywalker of our generation.
Why does he seem so excited?
Shindou: It's great to finally meet you. You're the Skywalker I've looked up to most.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: Ah!
His words make me want to curl up into a ball and die.
This guy knows my past?
Rika: But Prez, Hinata-san is just a coach.
Shindou: Oh, that's strange...
He goes silent and appears to be thinking deeply.
Shindou: Should I keep quiet? What do you want me to do?
Masaya: Why don't you start by letting go of my hand?
Shindou: Oh, I'm sorry about that.
My hand is now covered in cold sweat, but not from him shaking it...
I should shut him up before...
Shindou: Hinata-kun was once a legendary Skywalker.
Shindou: But then one day, he suddenly quit FC, never to be seen again.
Rika: Huh?
I shake my head dismissively as Ichinose stares at me.
Masaya: Take that with a grain of salt. I mean, <i>come on,</i> you can tell he's exaggerating, right?
Rika: Is that why you're coaching now?
Masaya: ...Well, I guess it's true that my FC experience played a part in getting me this position.
Still, the past doesn't come with very happy memories for me.
I won't deny it, but I don't want to talk about it in detail either.
Shindou: He's being far too humble. He was amazing. Back then, all Skywalkers of our age looked up to him.
Shindou: I wanted to be just like Masaya Hinata.
Kazunari Shindou, the player who's said to be the best in our generation, wanted to be like me?
Masaya: ...You're overhyping me.
Shindou: Am I?
Shindou-san narrows his already narrow eyes even more as he smiles.
Shindou: Hold on... If you didn't know that, why are you talking to him in private, Ichinose-kun?
Rika: Um, I...
There's no way she'll straight up tell him she was complaining about us wasting their time.
She's stuck in a no-win situation here. Guess I'll help her get out of this.
Masaya: No, the truth is, she <i>did</i> know. She pulled me over here because she didn't want anyone to see her asking for my autograph, right?
Rika: No, that's absolutely not...
Play along!
Rika: Ah!
Rika: Y-Yes, that's right. I'm really sorry about this.
Luckily, the words I desperately try to convey through my eyes gets through to her.
Masaya: Heh... There's no need to be shy.
Rika: Ehehe... I'm so sorry.
I realize we're acting awfully unnatural, but this is the best we can do right now.
Masaya: Too bad we don't have a pen. Damn it, that <i>really</i> sucks!
Rika: What a shame... I feel like crying.
Man, I really hope we aren't blowing our cover...
Shindou: I've got a pen right here.
Masaya: Oh for fu--
Shindou: Huh? What was that?
Masaya: Uh, I'm just really surprised! Pleasantly, of course!
Rika: Always prepared for every situation. That's our club president!
Masaya: Well, I don't usually do this, but I'll make an exception just this once since we have an audience!
Shindou-san is watching me carefully.
Shindou: She'll treasure it for life, so please put it on something good.
And he's making a real big deal out of this, too.
Rika: Good point. That means I need to think of something that's important to me where an autograph wouldn't get in the way.
But that said, she came here empty-handed. There's no way she has something convenient on her.
Rika: Um, the only things that come to mind are a handkerchief or the track suit I'm wearing...
Her expression is one of bitter loss.
Rika: Just choose one of those.
I know just how she feels.
Masaya: I guess the track suit would be a problem, since you need it for our training camp and all. It'll have to be the handkerchief.
Rika: But I really like this handkerchief.
Masaya: ......
I don't know what to say.
Rika: Um, by the way, what kind of pen is it?
Shindou: Don't worry. It's oil-based, so it'll never rub off.
Rika: O-Oh, I see. Lucky me.
Rika: Haaah...
Masaya: ......
This is hard to deal with.
Honestly, I'm starting to feel just as bad about this as her.
Rika: Oh, I'm sorry. You're doing me such a huge favor, but I'm...
Masaya: No, it's fine.
I should be able to forget about it within a matter of three days.
Though that means it's going to weigh on my mind during this training camp...
Rika: Don't mind me. Go right ahead. I've already made peace with it.
Rika: Oh, forget that last part!
Masaya: ......
The damage is already done.
Oh well, let's just get this over with.
Rika: Ah... Ahh... Ahhh...
...Ichinose-san, I can hear your agonized voice.
And... I'm done.
Rika: Th-Thank you so much. Um, I'll treasure this for the rest of my life.
Masaya: I'm happy to hear that...
Ichinose has a stiff expression on her face as she holds the handkerchief to her chest.
Both of us suffered massive damage.
Is this the most tragic autograph session in history?
Shindou: Glad it all worked out. Wow, I'm so jealous, Ichinose-kun.
The truly amazing part here is that the look on his face is, in fact, full of envy.
Shindou: Huh? But Ichinose-kun, if you didn't know about his past, why did you want his autograph?
Masaya: Truth is, the whole autograph thing was a lie. She moved in right next to my place recently and we're on friendly terms.
Rika: That's right! And I was too embarrassed to tell you that!
Should've known he'd realize things didn't add up.
Actually, I <i>did</i> know, but he seemed to be buying it, so I just tried to force it through.
Shindou: Oh, okay. I see. What a coincidence.
I should've just told the truth from the start.
Ichinose's handkerchief wouldn't have been sacrificed if I did.
Rika: Haaah...
I'm <i>really</i> sorry, Ichinose.
Shindou: Still, I really am jealous. I mean, I even made this whole training camp a reality because I wanted to meet Hinata-kun.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: ......
What'd he just say?
Shindou: Oh, Ichinose-kun, please keep what you just heard a secret. See, I want to make this my first and last abuse of presidential powers.
Masaya: Wait, wasn't it Kunahama that forced this training camp?
Shindou: No, Ms. Kagami is doing me the favor by taking all the blame. Truth is, I feel terrible about making her the fall guy. I'll have to thank her for it later.
Rika: What does that mean?
Shindou: I personally requested this training camp. Of course, it's ultimately the result of Ms. Kagami and I discussing it and judging that both our schools would benefit.
Masaya: In other words...
The training camp is happening with the consent of both schools.
Rika: Oh no...
The girl who had misread the whole situations has turned bright red.
Rika: Hinata-san, I, um, I...
I guess she must be feeling pretty torn up right now. She can't quite talk properly.
Shindou: Ichinose-kun, can you return to the others ahead of us? I'd like you to tell them we're going to start practice in about... Hm, let's say ten minutes.
Rika: But I...
Shindou: Please. Can you give me some time to chat with the man who inspired me?
This guy says cringeworthy stuff like it's nothing.
Rika: Oh... O-Okay.
...But well, it's probably a good idea to let Ichinose cool off on her own.
Rika: Excuse me.
She bows her head to both me and Shindou-san, then me again one more time and totters away.
Shindou: My apologies. She tends to be a little too serious.
Masaya: ...Be honest. How long were you listening?
Shindou: Whatever do you mean?
He dodges my question with a smile on his face.
Seems this guy isn't going to be easy to deal with.
Masaya: Anyway, thanks for the assist. You probably went a little overboard, but it all worked out.
Shindou: Oh no, I never said anything but the truth.
Masaya: ......
I find that hard to believe.
Shindou: Well then, let's head back. I know I told Ichinose-kun I wanted to chat with you, but I get far too nervous when we're alone together.
Masaya: You've gotta be kidding me.
Shindou: The training camp has only just begun, so I'm sure we'll get another chance sometime soon.
Shindou: Yes, very soon...
Shindou-san turns around and walks back over to the others.
I look at the hand he shook and notice it's still wet.
When I get back, I find Ichinose surrounded by Takafuji students.
Takafuji Girl A: Wow, I never thought you'd go straight for a guy from a different school.
Takafuji Girl B: Alright, you can count on us, Rika. We'll do whatever we can to make sure things work out between you two!
Rika: No, it's really not like that...
Masaya: ......
I'm happy for her.
Looks like her overly serious attitude hasn't done much. She's got lots of friends.
Takafuji Girl B: Oh, he's looking this way.
Takafuji Girl A: This is your chance, Rika!
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: Uh...
Our eyes meet.
Rika: ......
Rika: ......
After seemingly waffling on what to do, she directs a bow at me.
I lightly raise my hand in response.
Takafuji Girl A: Oh my gosh! They're <i>sooo</i> cute!
Takafuji Girl B: I'm embarrassed just looking at them!
Rika: Geez! Cut it out!
Masaya: ......
Like I said, she has some good friends.
Asuka: Masaya-san? What are you looking at?
Masaya: Oh, you're done changing?
Everyone's back now.
Mashiro: Wow, they get along so well... Just like me and you, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Riiight. <i>Totally.</i> Yep yep, true true.
Mashiro: You could least pretend to agree...
Madoka: Are you jealous of their relationship, Hinata-kun?
Masaya: How'd you arrive at that idea?
Madoka: Well, I just thought maybe you'd wanna show off our team spirit. Like, having a battle before a battle makes sense, right?
Misaki: Huh? You telling us to tease you?
Mashiro: Ah! Just so you know, I'm not doing it.
Asuka: Hm... If you teach me how, I'll do it!
Masaya: No, Asuka, that just seems sad.
Shion: Never fear, for I am here! Where do you want to be teased?
Masaya: Get lost, Prez!
After that, we all head over to Takafuji's practice ground only to find...
Asuka: Wow, they're really well equipped.
Mashiro: You can't even compare them to us.
Masaya: Don't admit that!
I know she's right, but that just makes us look bad.
Still, can't say I expected them to have so much more space than us.
Guess I shouldn't be too surprised, though. This is Takafuji we're talking about.
It may be a branch school, but it's still extremely hard to get in.
Not to mention the fact that this environment has given birth to top Skywalkers every year.
Gotta steal some of this for my own use... Uh, by the way, I don't mean I'm literally going to steal the equipment. Just trying to say I'll steal their knowledge and methods and use them to be a successful coach.
Their number one player should be a huge help on that front.
Shindou: Hinata-kun.
Masaya: Whoa?!
Shindou: Huh? Is something wrong?
Masaya: ...No, I was just lost in thought.
I panicked a little because the very person I was thinking of stealing from appeared before me.
Masaya: Something you need?
Shindou: Well, obviously warming up comes first, but I want to get your opinion on what to do after that.
Masaya: Care to elaborate?
Shindou: My plan was to have people from our school face your members in mock battles on the very last day. That way, we can both show the results of us training together.
Shindou: But I want to confirm that with you, since maybe you have something more practical in mind.
Masaya: Yeah, that'd be a bad idea.
We aren't really good enough to face them in mock battles.
Chances are high that we'd get crushed.
Masaya: I'm just glad we get the chance to practice with everyone from Takafuji.
Shindou: I see. Hrm... That's too bad.
Masaya: Something wrong?
Shindou: To be honest, I was hoping to learn a few things from the way you coach.
Masaya: ......
Shindou-san's brows aren't moving at all. He's dead serious.
I can't believe the guy who's said to be the best Skywalker of our generation idolizes me.
Shindou: Okay, let's have them all spend today's practice getting to know each other.
He readily backs down and proposes something that isn't what he actually wants to do.
I can't help but feel that he's a far better person than me.
However, I have a different opinion.
Shindou: What do you think?
Masaya: There's no need for us to get friendly.
Shindou: ...Hm?
Masaya: I mean, we aren't here to make new friends.
Shindou: ......
Sure, chances are high that we'll get crushed if we challenge them at all, but...
Well, it's my job as their coach to make sure that won't happen.
And at the same time, I need to make them realize how big the gap between them and top Skywalkers really is.
Masaya: I appreciate the thought, though. I guess we can at least give them the opportunity to get to know each other.
Shindou: In that case, since practice time is precious and limited, we should go with a casual game.
Shindou: Then, we can use the results to plan out a schedule for tomorrow.
Masaya: Makes sense to me.
Shindou: Allow me to apologize. I wasn't doing it on purpose, but it seems I underestimated how serious you are about all this.
Masaya: No, I should apologize for being so blunt.
Shindou: It's fine. Now, as for what we're going to do... Hmm...
Shindou: There's also the option of calling it a game, but then making them suffer through harsh conditions that force them to band together and get along.
Masaya: ...Yeah, how about we just go with a normal game instead.
Shindou: Haha. I was just kidding.
Masaya: Um...
That beaming smile of his makes it hard to tell.
Shindou: Satou-kun.
Satouin: It's Satou<i>in,</i> President.
Shindou: Gather everyone and get started. I'm currently planning today's schedule with him.
Shindou-san points at me as he says that.
Shindou: That leaves you next in line to lead, Satou-kun.
Oh, he said Satou-kun again.
Satouin: I'll take care of it. I promise to surpass your expectations. Also, it's Satouin.
Shindou: Yeah, I'm really glad to have you around. I don't know what I'd do without you, Satou-kun.
Masaya: ......
What the hell?
Are these two actually on bad terms?
Satouin: ......
Satouin: Hey you!
Masaya: Huh, me?
I get startled as Satouin-san suddenly points at me.
Satouin: You're wondering why he's calling me Satou, aren't you?
Masaya: Oh, yeah...
She somehow guesses the question I have in mind.
In fact, I was planning on asking Shindou-san about it after Satouin-san left.
And if it turned out there was bad blood between them, my plan was to leave it at that.
Satouin: There's no need for you to let that question eat away at you. I shall answer it right here and now.
Masaya: Uh, what...?
Man, this is bad. What am I supposed to do if it turns out they can't stand each other?
Satouin: It is because the last name on my birth certificate is "Satou"!
For some reason, she declares that in a very proud and confident tone.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Huh?
It takes a while for me to fully comprehend what she just dropped on me.
Um, so if the name on her birth certificate is "Satou," then...
Masaya: Wait, your real name is Reiko Satou?
Shindou: Correct.
Satouin: No, it's Reiko Satouin.
Uh, what? This is downright confusing...
Masaya: Um, what's up with the "in" part?
Satouin: ......
Masaya: Uh...
Suddenly, Satouin-san... or should I say Satou-san, shoves her face toward mine.
Then...
Satouin: Let me instead ask you a question. Why does your name <i>not</i> have an "in"?
Masaya: I'm confused...
Satouin: Let this be a word of warning. You need to fight for the right to have your very own "in."
Masaya: When did I ever say I want one?
Satouin: Hmph!
She lets out a triumphant snort.
Satouin: I shall excuse myself now.
After saying that, she throws back her hair with her hand, spins around, and leaves.
Her long hair unfurls like a beautiful cloak.
I simply stare at her back, completely flabbergasted.
Masaya: Um...
I'm <i>really</i> confused right now.
Shindou: I'll add that she has no problem with her family name. Apparently she just loves the "in" part even more.
Masaya: Uh, cool?
Frankly, I couldn't care less.
Masaya: Does she get upset when you don't call her Satouin-san?
Shindou: No. She does point it out, but she never forces a person to use it.
Shindou: But even so, everyone calls her Satouin-san. Just goes to show how much they adore her, I suppose.
Masaya: Aren't they just doing what's smart?
Don't wake a sleeping giant, as they say.
Masaya: Besides, you keep using her real name.
Shindou: Well, that's because I'm not good with girls.
Shindou: It's easier to keep up a conversation that way.
Masaya: ......
Yep, it's really hard to tell when he's cracking a joke.
Guess it's better for me to keep calling her Satouin-san.
Masaya: Alright, let's give them hell!
After a thoroughly exhausting practice, we had dinner.
And now, we've dragged all our bags over to Takafuji's dojo.
Apparently all the guys are going to sleep here.
There are more girls, so they got the gym instead.
All that's left for the day is to take a bath and go to sleep at lights-outs.
I'm kinda worried about Shindou-san because he seemed like such a huge fanboy earlier, but luckily, he hasn't done anything suspicious since.
Shion: Hinata, a little more to the right. Use more strength.
Masaya: I can't. Your back muscles are bulging out, so they slip right out of my hands when I try to get a better grip on them.
Shion: HAHAHA! Flattery will get you nowhere, Hinata! But I guess I can reward you with the right to wash my back when we go to take a bath.
Masaya: Sounds more like a punishment than a reward...
Right now, I'm mounting our president's back and giving him a massage.
No, he didn't force me to do this.
In fact, it was my idea. Figured I could use this chance to develop a useful skill, but...
Masaya: Ugh, gh, ghhh... How is it, Prez?
Shion: Mmh, feels good, I think.
Any technique goes right out the window with him.
Can't really use him to get better.
Shindou: I'm so jealous. I'd like to get one too later.
Masaya: Ah!
Shion: Ngh, Shindou!
Prez bolts up at the sight of him, knocking me away.
Shion: I'll never allow that! Hinata belongs to our club!
Shindou: Haha. I was just kidding.
Shindou gives a light nod as he says that.
Shindou: Yeah, just kidding... Haaah...
Masaya: You wouldn't look so down in the dumps if you were just cracking a joke...
Man, these aren't the kind of people I want to be popular with.
Shindou-san, huh?
He's someone who approached me knowing my past.
I don't think he's a bad person, but I don't quite trust him either. It's hard to figure out what he wants.
And naturally, that has me real nervous.
Shindou: By the way, Hinata-kun. There's something I want to discuss with you.
Masaya: Yeah?
Oh boy, here it comes.
Is it going to be about my past again, or something else?
Shindou: It's a matter I don't want others to overhear, so can you move your ear closer?
Masaya: Okay.
I move my ear over to his mouth so he can whisper into it.
Shion: Come on, that's lame! Don't go gossiping like a bunch of girls! Just spit it out like real men!
Shindou: It's a matter of great importance.
Shion: A matter of great importance that you won't let other people hear? Hah! Don't make me laugh.
Masaya: Shindou-san.
Shindou: Mhm?
Masaya: Prez is probably sad because he feels left out.
Shindou: I thought so. Let's put it to the test.
Masaya: Why?
Shindou: Can you lend me your ear as well, Aoyagi-kun?
Shion: This better not be anything silly!
He readily brings his ear close.
Uh, I don't really like this situation. <i>Especially</i> if he's going to bring up my past again.
But Shindou-san gives me a nod to reassure me, makes a serious expression, and then begins to speak.
Shindou: I'm thinking of peeping on the girls while they're bathing.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Come again?
I'm not sure I heard that right.
Shindou: Like I said, I want to go peep on the girls while they're bathing.
Masaya: ......
A shudder runs through my body as he confirms my suspicions.
What the hell... Does he know what he's saying?
Now he's scaring me in a completely different sense.
Shindou: Oh, please don't misunderstand.
Shindou-san apparently notices the look of disgust on my face and shakes his head in a gentlemanly way.
Shindou: It's not like I want to see the girls naked. I swear, I've never even thought about that.
Masaya: You know, that's just as bad, but in a totally different way. I mean, why else would you want to do that?
I know I just asked him that question, but I'm not sure I really want to hear the answer.
Shindou: I want us to face tough challenges together. As they say, it's about the journey, not the reward.
Masaya: Then pick something that isn't a crime.
Shindou: True strength only manifests in the most extreme of situations.
Masaya: But we could lose everything. Like, everyone's trust and our reputation.
Shindou: Hehe... I'm willing to take that risk as long as you're by my side. Let's face any punishment that may come together!
Masaya: ......
Turns out Shindou-san is <i>way</i> scarier than I thought.
Luckily, Prez is shaking. Glad I have someone on my side.
Shion: How manly!
...Shit. He was shaking from joy. I'm screwed.
Shindou: Alright, then let's draw up a plan.
Shion: Glad to hear you taking this so seriously.
Shindou: Both baths are open-air.
Shindou: You might think that makes it easy, since we live in an era where any man can fly through the sky, but the security there has never been breached.
Shindou: Getting past security may be impossible alone, but there are two of us.
Shindou: If I, the one they call the strongest Skywalker of our generation...
Shion: And I, whose artistic muscles will be hailed as "Mjolnir," work together, we may just pull it off, huh?
Shion: But wait, won't Hinata hold us back? It might be better to leave him behind.
Shindou: Yeah, well, we can discuss that once we've assessed the situation onsite.
Masaya: ......
I'll keep listening for now. Can always just knock them out when push comes to shove.
...Huh? What's this? My phone's ringing.
And the caller is...
Masaya: Madoka? What's up?
Madoka: Where are you?
Masaya: Huh? Why the sudden question?
Madoka: Spill.
Masaya: I'm in the dojo. Where else would I be?
Madoka: And is my brother with you?
Masaya: Want me to hand him the phone? Actually, just call him directly if you wanna talk to him.
Madoka: No, it's just... A chill ran down my spine.
Masaya: Meaning?
Madoka: We're about to enter the bath... You aren't gonna try to peep, are you?
Masaya: Of course not.
She's got a powerful sixth sense.
Madoka: I see. Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, Shindou-san's there to stop you from getting any funny ideas.
Masaya: Exactly.
If only she knew he was the one who came up with the idea.
Madoka: Should a certain someone try to do something stupid, make sure you stop him.
Masaya: No need to tell me that.
That's already my plan.
Madoka: Okay, I'm counting on you. Well, I'm starting to feel cold, so I'm gonna hang up now.
Masaya: Cold? Madoka, where exactly--
Madoka: Stop right there. No prying. That's sexual harassment!
I really don't see how that makes any sense, but I get the picture at least.
Madoka: Bye.
Masaya: Yeah, later.
And with that, I lower my phone from my ear as Madoka hangs up... Wait, she's still on the line.
Masaya: What's wrong? You forget to say something?
No reply.
Hm? What's that sound?
Asuka: What's taking you so long, Madoka-chan?
Madoka: Sorry about that. I'll wash up before getting in.
I can hear a familiar voice through the phone. Though, it <i>is</i> kind of fuzzy.
Which means... Madoka forgot to hang up.
Oh well, not like it matters. I just have to hang up on my end.
Sure, I kind of wanna keep listening, but it's not worth the risk.
Takafuji Girl D: Gotta say, today's practice sure was hard.
Mhm?
Takafuji Girl E: Yeah, that guy's a real slave driver.
Takafuji Girl F: Is practice always that tough for you guys?
Asuka: No, this is the first time he's been so hard on us.
Masaya: ......
Not that I expected it to be any different, but it appears making them practice fundamentals after everyone was already exhausted from practice matches wasn't the most popular decision.
Their extremely valuable, unfiltered impressions inadvertently make me keep listening.
Misaki: Come on, how long does it take to wash your hair, Madoka?
Madoka: Look, I feel like there's still some salt in my hair, okay? This is a real pain... Maybe I should just cut my hair.
Misaki: You should. Long hair takes <i>way</i> too much work.
Madoka: Why don't you look in the mirror before saying that? I'm jealous of how smooth your hair looks.
Mashiro: She's right. Your hair's <i>really</i> pretty.
Misaki: Oh yeah? Thanks.
Mashiro: Haaah... And that slender waist...
Madoka: Sure didn't take you long to move your eyes somewhere else entirely.
Misaki: Doesn't really matter. We wouldn't be in here together if it bothered any of us, right?
Asuka: Haaah... This is <i>sooo</i> refreshing.
Mashiro: You'd never think it's part of a school. It looks <i>way</i> too fancy.
Misaki: And it's an open-air bath, too! Taking a bath under the starry sky feels pretty damn awesome!
Mashiro: That's not the only thing we can do under a starry sky!
Misaki: Yeah, let's not go there.
Madoka: I just wish we had showers too.
Asuka: I agree.
Misaki: You're a manager, Madoka. There isn't much sweat for you to wash off.
Asuka: Not going to get in the water, Rika-chan?
Rika: Oh, it seems to be rather hot.
Asuka: Can't handle the heat?
Rika: Um, I can, but...
Satouin: HOHOHOHOHOHOHO!
Rika: Oh, Satouin-senpai.
Asuka: She's always so full of energy.
Satouin: Students from Kunahama Academy, it is great that you came from so far away to stay with us!
Misaki: Didn't she already say that earlier?
Satouin: In order to express my gratitude, I shall service you! Think of it as a token of our new acquaintanceship as well.
Asuka: H-Huh?
Mashiro: Um, for some reason, all the Takafuji students just ran away...
Rika: No, only the sophomores and seniors. The freshmen are still here.
Satouin: Oh right, this is also the first training camp for our new students. In which case, I shall also service all of you!
Satouin: I'll start with... Oh, I know. Ichinose-san, come over here.
Rika: O-Okay...?
Apart from the exchange of voices I know, I hear a door sliding open and shut over and over as more and more students walk closer to the phone.
Takafuji Girl D: Haaah... She's at it again, huh?
Takafuji Girl E: It may be the first training camp for our freshmen, but I figured she'd hold off on it because of the other school joining us.
Takafuji Girl F: I mean, she <i>does</i> have good intentions.
Takafuji Girl D: I know. Washing someone's back is all fine and dandy, but...
Takafuji Girl E: Yeah, she should at least use a towel.
Takafuji Girl F: I was already <i>really</i> confused when she started with her bare hands, but then she soaped up her body...
Takafuji Girl D: You know, someone should probably talk her out of doing it again. For her own good, even.
Takafuji Girl E: Right, she definitely doesn't get that she's making people uncomfortable.
Takafuji Girl F: But since I had to suffer through that, I can't help but feel they should as well...
Takafuji Girl D/E: Same.
Takafuji Girl D: Same.
Takafuji Girl E: Same.
Rika: Noooooo! Stoooooop!
Takafuji Girl F: Oh, she got Ichinose.
Masaya: ......
Shindou: Hinata-kun?
Masaya: Whoa?!
I pull myself away from my phone as Shindou-san addresses me.
Shindou: Are you okay? You've been on the phone for quite a while.
Masaya: Yeah, um... I'd say it's kinda like watching a horror movie.
Shindou: What do you mean?
Masaya: No, forget I ever said anything.
I quietly end the call.
Masaya: So, what about the peeping?
Shion: We decided to call it off. Men like us shouldn't walk a coward's path!
Shindou: See, Aoyagi-kun started to get a little too into it...
Masaya: Glad you came to your senses.
In any case, I should forget everything I just heard.
Time for bed.
All the guys lined up their sleeping bags earlier.
Since the players are rather tired, there's no chattering going on either. Seems like they're all out like a light.
Shion: Nghhh, ghhh. Nghhh, ghhh.
Shindou: ......
It's probably better if I don't think about <i>why</i> these two chose to sleep next to me.
Better them than strangers, I guess?
Masaya: Okay, it's time.
I get up.
Everyone's exhausted because of all the hard work they put in earlier.
I usually try to make time for this, so it's nothing new, but I can't deny that watching them has me extra motivated.
However, it isn't something I can do in a confined space.
Guess I'll head outside for a bit.
Shindou-san would probably get in a lot of trouble if something goes wrong on school grounds... Guess I'll go somewhere else.
...Though, I guess me wandering off by myself in the middle of the night is actually more of a problem.
Well, whatever. It's fine as long as I don't get caught.
Masaya: FLY.
With that, I head off into the night sky, making sure to be as quiet as possible.
......
Rika: Hinata-san?
And so, the night of our first training camp day comes to an end.
It's the second day of our training camp.
Practice has already begun.
However, it's a lot different from yesterday.
Everyone warmed up together, but after that, they were split into Fighters, All-Rounders, and Speeders for individual practice.
And I'm going around checking on each section at different intervals.
Right now, I'm looking after the Fighters.
Oh, and there's also one more different thing that's <i>really</i> different.
Minori: Over 60% of Takafuji's Skywalkers are Fighters.
Minori: The going FC theory right now's that because there's only a fixed amount of checkpoints on the playing field, it's impossible for Speeders to outrun their opponent the entire time.
Minori: And Takafuji is playing by that theory.
Masaya: Um... Hosaka, was it?
Minori: You can also call me Minorin or Minorina. Y'know, 'cause my name's Minori.
Masaya: Gotcha, Hosaka.
Minori: I don't think you did.
Masaya: Listen, I already know all that.
I immediately noticed that when I watched them practice yesterday.
Masaya: There's no need for you to go into detail.
Minori: That might be true, but look, I got myself all dolled up for today's coverage!
Masaya: Cool.
Except she never bothered to ask if it was alright for her to tag along.
Minori: Anyway, I figured I'd confirm it with the coach before using it in my article.
Masaya: You were using me to validate your info?
Well, not like it matters.
The name of this odd girl is... Minori Hosaka, I think.
Apparently she's a freshman at Kunahama who's in Mashiro's class.
Unfortunately for me, she showed up out of the blue at practice this morning.
She said she was part of the Kunahama Academy Broadcasting Club. Seems she heard about this training camp from Mashiro and came to cover it.
Minori: By the way, Coach, is the reason we have so many Fighters also based on data, like in Takafuji's case?
Masaya: Um...
She's right. We have one All-Rounder, Asuka, one Speeder, Prez, and two Fighters, Misaki and Mashiro.
She said Takafuji is over 60% Fighters, but we're also at a whopping 50%.
However...
Masaya: No, I'm just respecting their wishes.
It's different in the case of Prez, who was already practicing FC before, but the others all kinda just picked a style they liked.
They probably all have their own reasons, too.
Minori: ...Coach, are you actually doing your job?
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i> Have a little faith.
My self-confidence is gonna take a hit at this rate...
Mashiro: Masaya-senpai, please do your job right.
Masaya: Great, now there's a player saying the same thing.
Namely, Mashiro.
Minori: Heya, Mashiro.
Mashiro: What's up?
Like I said earlier, the two of them are classmates.
Misaki: So, what do you want us to do?
Masaya: Let's practice the Scissors.
Misaki: The Scissors?
The Scissors is a flight maneuver that consists of a series of short, quick turns a defender makes toward the attacker as they continue to move forward.
Masaya: Basically, I want you to practice switching positions with the person on your tail.
In FC, where you score points by touching your opponent's back, you obviously have to avoid getting closed in on from behind.
And by effectively executing the Scissors, you can make an opponent that's closing in on you overshoot.
Then, you can turn the tables and go for your opponent's back instead. Basically, it's a maneuver that allows you to overturn the roles of the hunter and the hunted.
Mashiro: Isn't that more for Speeders?
Masaya: What makes you think that?
Mashiro: Isn't it rare for Fighters to be ahead of an opponent?
Masaya: Not at all.
Mashiro: Oh really?
Masaya: First of all, you're assuming your opponent is a Speeder. Tell me, what happens when you're facing another Fighter?
Mashiro: Ah...
Masaya: Besides...
Misaki: Besides, it also happens when your opponent is a Speeder.
Misaki: Just think about it. If they overtake you without doing anything fancy, you can always go for their back.
Misaki: So, they'll go after you first to keep you from getting in their way.
Misaki: The good part is that the player behind you is usually watching you and matching their speed to get the upper hand, which slows them down.
Misaki: And that leaves you going faster than your opponent. Pretty neat, huh?
Mashiro: I see! You know so much, Misaki-senpai!
Masaya: Hey.
Mashiro's attitude is just so blatantly different when Misaki's involved. It's a little annoying...
Well, whatever.
Masaya: There's also one more thing. Speeders simply aren't suited for this practice.
Masaya: Speeders can't do short, quick turns. Plus, as long as they aren't up against another Speeder, there's no reason for them to try to switch positions. Instead, they can fly straight forward and leave their opponent in the dust.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpaiii!
Misaki: Hey, stop it.
Masaya: ......
At least pretend to listen!
Masaya: We'll set training buoys at intervals of about three meters both vertically and horizontally.
Masaya: The ultimate goal will be you slaloming between buoys placed in all directions.
Mashiro: Slaloming?
Masaya: I mean flying in zigzags between obstacles.
Mashiro: Why didn't you just say from the start? You can't just assume we know everything!
Masaya: Well, sorry about that.
Now that the lecture's out of the way, it's time to get to the fun stuff.
Masaya: Try to narrow the angle of your curves to make your turns as tight as possible.
The tighter your turns, the faster you can make your opponent overshoot.
Plus, it'll help you move faster.
The students proceed to fly one after the other.
Huh? Man, the girl who just started is pretty damn good...
Misaki: ......
Oh, that's Misaki.
Unlike her whimsical, carefree personality, her flying is very precise and clean.
Misaki: Lalala!
And she isn't even giving it her all.
How much is she holding back?
At this point, I <i>really</i> wanna see her go all out.
But how do I make her do that...
The next player enters the field as I mull over that thought.
She's quite a bit worse than Misaki... Oh, it's Mashiro.
Mashiro: Ah...! Huh?!
Um, yeah.
I can tell she's trying her best, but her movements leave much to be desired.
I'm guessing she doesn't have an athletic bone in her body. She really seems to have trouble with any precise movement.
Honestly, I always thought she'd make a better Speeder.
Masaya: ...Mashiro, can you come over for a sec?
I wait for Mashiro to finish her Scissors run, then call out to her.
Mashiro: What is it?
Mashiro lands in front of me as she says that.
Right as I'm about to say what I have in mind, I suddenly stop and think.
Is this <i>really</i> the advice Mashiro needs?
If she isn't focused on winning, then my suggestion is totally misplaced.
And having watched her so far, it's clear what she really wants.
Mashiro: What is it? Is something the matter?
I...
I decide to ask her about Misaki's lack of motivation.
Masaya: At the end of the day, Misaki is pretty good.
Mashiro: Huh? Why are you saying that to me?
Mashiro: W-Well, not that I don't like hearing it.
For some reason, Mashiro gets embarrassed when I compliment Misaki.
Masaya: But Misaki isn't bringing her a-game. Can you somehow get her motivation up?
Mashiro: That's hard to say...
She looks to be deep in thought for a while.
Mashiro: No, not possible. I can't force her to do anything she doesn't want.
Masaya: I see... Figured.
Well, it's probably hard to truly motivate someone if they just don't care. It has to come from within, or it'll never stick.
Mashiro: I have to say, you actually seem like a real coach right now.
Masaya: Oh yeah?
Mashiro: You came to me first for help with Misaki-senpai. My opinion of you has actually gone up a little because of that.
Masaya: Don't let it get to your head now.
I wanted to talk about something else entirely, though...
I decide to suggest changing her playstyle.
Masaya: Listen, don't you think you'd do better as Speeder? Because I sure do.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: No, you're wrong.
Masaya: Oh really? What was with that moment of silence, then?
Mashiro: It's fine! I'll make more progress if I share Misaki-senpai's playstyle!
Masaya: ...When you say progress, you're talking about FC, right?
Mashiro: Let's leave that aside.
Masaya: No, we can't. That's the most important part.
Mashiro: I'm saying it's fine, so just listen to me! Or what, are you trying to ignore what I want?!
Masaya: No, I...
I already know <i>exactly</i> how she feels.
I know the reason Mashiro is doing FC.
And in that case, my suggestion is not only pointless, but also detrimental.
Masaya: ...Got it. I'm sorry. Forget I ever said anything.
Mashiro: Don't apologize, Senpai. I guess you've been paying a lot of attention to me lately...
Masaya: Huh? What do you mean?
Minori: Alright, turn toward me, guys!
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: Yeah?
Minori: Say cheese!
The flash from her camera blinds me.
Mashiro: Hey, Minori! What was that about?
Minori: Well, look, that seemed like the perfect shot of Kunahama's coach at work.
Mashiro: Don't get me in them. It's embarrassing.
Mashiro: Oh, wait, why don't you take a photo of me and Misaki-senpai after we're done with practice.
Minori: Nah, I'm trying to show people hard at work. This isn't some photoshoot for the yearbook!
Mashiro: Oh, if I waste more time here, someone might get all chummy with Misaki-senpai.
Mashiro: Alright then, Masaya-senpai, I'll be going now.
Masaya: Break a leg out there.
With that, Mashiro returns to the Scissors practice waiting line.
Minori: Me see. Me see.
Masaya: You learned something for your article?
Minori: Wellllll, the fact that she didn't overreact when I took a shot of you two together has to mean...
Minori: Right now, there's no <i>special</i> relationship between her and the coach!
Masaya: What, do you write for a gossip rag?
What kinda reaction was she fishing for?
After watching the Fighter practice, I head over to the All-Rounders.
Their practice consists mainly of mock battles and formulating strategies. Eventually, we reach a good stopping point.
Masaya: Okay, I'll move on to the next group now.
Asuka: Thanks for all your help, Coach!
Satouin: I see now. His title isn't just for show. Putting aside the players, the staff Kunahama boasts is also quite--
Minori: All-Rounders, lookie here! I'm gonna take a picture to cap things off!
Satouin: Hold on! I haven't finished saying my piece!
Minori: Show me those pearly whites! Say cheese!
Asuka: Cheeeeeese!
Satouin: Hmph!
Masaya: ......
Color me impressed.
All the girls, including Satouin-san who had been opposing the situation a mere moment ago, looked straight out of a glamour shot as Hosaka took the picture.
Minori: Nice! Thank y'all!
Satouin: Make sure you send the photos over to us as well!
Hosaka quickly catches up to me as I begin to walk away.
Minori: Alrighty. And now, last but not least, the Speeders.
Masaya: Right...
Minori: It's not like there's so few of 'em 'cause they're an elite group, right?
Masaya: No, I imagine it's based on current trends.
Over 60% of Takafuji students are Fighters and another 30% are All-Rounders.
That obviously means less than 10% are Speeders. Pretty slim pickings, basically.
Like Hosaka mentioned earlier, current FC theory states that when you play at the highest levels, Fighters have the overall advantage.
However, that only applies to top players.
Fighter is a playstyle that's heavily skill-based and tactical. And so, it's only better at the very top. An inexperienced Fighter will immediately be left in the dust by a Speeder.
I doubt that Takafuji is enforcing playstyles, but considering the fact that it's an environment with many top players, this distribution makes a lot of sense.
We also have one Speeder at Kunahama. I'm talking about Prez, of course.
However, he's pretty special, since he doesn't seem to care at all about being efficient. Instead, he's focused on doing whatever he can to put his muscles on display.
But anyway, coaching Speeders, huh?
I feel pretty bummed out.
Minori: What's wrong? You seem kinda depressed.
Masaya: Hm... Can I ask you something I'm kinda curious about?
Minori: Oh, about FC? Sure. See, I've done a <i>ton</i> of research! I know everything there is to know about FC!
My question has absolutely nothing to do with FC, but... Oh well, not like that really matters.
Masaya: Alright.
Minori: I'm ready!
Masaya: Where do you get all that energy from? You're supposed to be a journalist, not a cheerleader.
Minori: Hey, that's got nothin' to do with FC!
Masaya: Don't remember saying it had anything to do with FC.
And it also has nothing to do with the reason why I'm slightly depressed.
I'm just asking her a question that's been on my mind for a while.
Minori: This ain't how I normally talk.
Masaya: Really?
Minori: Yep. Figure I better not talk like a girl, since I wanna be a journalist and all. Otherwise, I'll end up gettin' married to a pro baseball player in no time flat.
Masaya: ...That's pretty damn sexist, and a reporter being that informal is more weird than anything.
Minori: Don't make me sound like a rude kid. For example--
Shindou: Oh, hi. Guess I'm all done here.
Masaya: Hello, Shindou-san.
Shindou-san, who has been looking after the Speeders so far, greets us.
Now that I've come to take his place, Shindou-san is going to attend to the Fighters next.
Shindou: Your practice methods are quite educational.
Masaya: Same here. There's a lot for me to learn.
Minori: Hello, Shindou-san.
Shindou: Oh, you're... Hosaka-kun, I believe? Is your coverage coming together well?
Minori: Yes, absolutely. I'm very glad that you made this possible despite my sudden request.
Shindou: Oh, you're welcome.
Shindou-san then looks at me and...
Shindou: About you-know-what... Is it going well?
Minori: Yes, of course. You can trust me on that.
Why is Hosaka looking at me when she says that?
The two of them nod to each other.
Shindou: Well then, Hinata-kun. I'm leaving the Speeders in your capable hands.
Masaya: Oh, yeah.
Shindou-san takes his leave.
Minori: See, I was polite there, right?
Masaya: No, sorry. Something different caught my attention just now.
Minori: Oh, before I forget, say cheese, Coach!
Hosaka suddenly takes a photo of me.
Minori: Well, what were you gonna say?
Masaya: Hosaka. You didn't make some sort of deal with Shindou-san, did you?
Kinda starting to think she's taking all these pictures of me for something other than the school paper...
I have no evidence, but I'm getting chills.
Minori: I would never!
Masaya: Really?
Minori: Shindou-san asked me to take as many pictures of you as possible. That's all.
Masaya: Wait, what?! Are you kidding me?!
Minori: Wonder what he plans to do with 'em...
Masaya: I don't even want to think about that.
Masaya: Well, I for one choose to believe in Shindou-san. I mean, he seems like a stand-up guy.
Minori: Ah...!
Masaya: Hm?
Minori: I'm gettin' it.
Masaya: Quit praying!
Why in the world did she just fold her hands?!
Minori: Man, you really ain't gonna comment on my speech?
Masaya: What, that I'm not getting the polite treatment, you mean?
Minori: Yeah. It's 'cause you're part of the coverage.
Hosaka's eyes widen suddenly.
Minori: Don't tell me you're tryin' to seduce me?!
Masaya: You wish.
Rika: Um...
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: Your conversation is none of my business, but I would appreciate it if you could get started.
Crap, I forgot...
I was feeling down mere moments ago, but I let the reason for that slip from my mind.
And now I'm facing my fears. Ichinose is standing in front of me, an inscrutable smile on her face.
Well, this is awkward. Still, getting all flustered will only make things worse.
I need to focus on practice right now.
Masaya: I'm sorry. Okay, let's get started.
I've chosen the Low Yo-Yo for the Speeders to practice today.
This maneuver consists of a sharp downward flight, where you use Earth's gravity to accelerate yourself. Then, using that momentum, you turn back upward and climb, gaining speed.
Logic would tell you that flying in a straight line is faster if you're flying the same distance, but in fact, this arc-like maneuver is actually the fastest due to the quick boost in speed you generate.
The Low Yo-Yo is a crucial technique for Speeders. Since they initially start off with a very slow velocity, they need to make use of outside forces like the pull of gravity to make up for that disadvantage.
There also happens to be a skill that's the complete opposite. It consists of a diagonal climb, followed by a sharp downward dive. It's called the High Yo-Yo.
One of the most disadvantageous positions a player can be in during FC is when the opponent is behind them. Not only does it mean your opponent can easily touch your back, but you yourself have no way of touching theirs.
The High Yo-Yo is effectively the counter to that.
The first step is the diagonal climb. Since your opponent is traveling straight, switching to a diagonal motion leads to the natural outcome of your opponent overshooting and ending up in front of you.
And once that happens, you aim for their back with a sharp dive that utilizes the acceleration from gravity.
The High Yo-Yo is much more situational move than the Low Yo-Yo, but it's still a basic technique that every FC player should have in their arsenal.
Masaya: Alright then, form a line and do it in order. I'll call out to you if I notice anything wrong.
Shion: Guess I'll go first.
The practice method itself is very straightforward.
Two buoys are set far apart and at different altitudes. The students just have to practice ascending and descending along the line that joins them.
If your forward flight posture is off and you can't properly maintain your form, you end up flying slower than when you go in a straight line.
It's very important to have a stable form.
But not a lot of people get that.
Masaya: Ichinose, come over for a second.
Rika: ...Okay.
Ichinose walks over to me after a short pause.
She probably feels just as bad about our last conversation as I do.
But practice is practice. Right now, I need to focus on my responsibilities.
Masaya: I watched you flying once. Back then, I noticed that you had great form.
Rika: Th-Thank you...
Masaya: You've got no issues on that front, so it just comes down to how smoothly you can transition from a descent to a climb.
That's the other main factor in improving your Low Yo-Yo.
Masaya: Repetition is usually the best way to improve that, but...
Rika: ......
Masaya: Ichinose... Are you listening?
Rika: Oh, yes! Um, I'm sorry...
I'm trying to not let outside emotions cloud my judgment, since it's time for practice and all.
But it seems like Ichinose didn't get the memo.
Masaya: I know this isn't easy, but I need you to focus right now. You could get hurt.
Rika: I know...
Well, I can't really beat her up over it, since I'm partially to blame.
Masaya: ......
Should I take her aside to talk?
Emotional problems aren't easy to resolve, but in this case, I might be able to do something.
And who knows, something like this might happen at Kunahama eventually. May as well get this valuable experience now.
Plus, I'm Ichinose's coach right now.
Hm... I need to figure out some way to resolve this misunderstanding without talking about my past.
Minori: Hey, can I get an interview?
Rika: Huh?
Hosaka suddenly interjects and completely wrecks the atmosphere.
Masaya: Hosaka. We're in the middle of practice here.
Minori: The atmosphere seemed preeetty heavy to me!
I see. Guess she did that on purpose.
Which means she's actually trying to help.
May as well let her do her thing for now.
Minori: You're Rika Ichinose, yeah?
Rika: Yeah. That's right.
Minori: Rika Ichinose, the girl who's about to earn a starter position on one of the strongest teams in the prefecture, even though she's just a freshman?!
Masaya: What?! She's <i>that</i> good?!
Color me impressed.
"Starter" means you're part of the select group of players who get one of the tournament slots every school is assigned.
If I remember correctly, Takafuji had five slots last summer.
That means only the top five students in Takafuji's almost 100 member FC club can participate in tournaments.
It's been less than a month since Ichinose transferred over here. If she's already close to earning one of those spots...
Wow... She must be one of the top players in this prefecture.
Rika: O-Oh no, I'm obviously not on that level yet.
Minori: How long've you been a Skywalker?
Rika: Um, three years, I believe.
Minori: Three years? You not from around here?
Rika: Correct. I moved here from Kanoshima this spring.
Minori: Oh. You're no Shitou native, then!
Rika: Exactly.
Minori: That mean you got here on a sports scholarship or somethin'?
Rika: No, I just happened to choose this school after we moved here. My parents have new jobs in the area.
Masaya: ......
Hosaka made it seem like she brought up the interview to help lighten the mood, but I'm not sure that's right.
Seems like she had this planned all along.
Well, I've gotta admit she's still helping me out, but the thing is, we're in the middle of practice.
Rika: I made a promise with my friend...
Minori: Oh! A promise with an old friend? Smells like a scoop!
Minori: Go on. Tell me, what was it?
Rika: It's something personal.
Masaya: Okay, that's enough.
I interrupt the two of them.
Minori: Hey! I'm in the middle of pumpin' information out of her! This is some good stuff, so I'm sure it'll bump up my readership!
Masaya: You should show some restraint.
Minori: The word "restraint" isn't even in my vocabulary.
Masaya: Then add it. Look, this interview is over.
Kinda starting to think she'll end up becoming a paparazzo at this rate.
Rika: Th-Thank you.
Masaya: Don't thank me. Honestly, I should be apologizing on her behalf.
Rika: Oh, I understand that she's not trying to offend.
Rika: Though I have to admit, it would have been nice if you stepped in a little earlier.
Masaya: ...You're mad at me, aren't you?
Considering everything that's happened, I can't blame her.
Minori: Guess Takafuji doesn't need to worry about their future with a promisin' player like Ichinose.
Masaya: We have some promising players, too.
Minori: But we've got no stars.
Masaya: Fair enough.
It's only been a few weeks since our club truly formed and we started with practice.
Minori: Why not poach someone good?
Masaya: Yeah, no. I doubt Ichinose would ever agree to transfer.
Rika: Ah! Oh no...!
Ichinose nods as she hides behind me.
She seems scared of Hosaka now.
Minori: Yeah, that's a damn shame, but I'm thinkin' more about a star who's gone into hidin'!
Masaya: There's a player like that?
I won't try to poach anyone regardless, but she has me curious.
Minori: Yeah, heard all about it when I was lookin' up stuff for my article.
Minori: There's some genius around our age! A kid who everyone thought would be a top player eventually!
Rika: Wait, do you mean...
Masaya: ......
You've gotta be kidding me.
Minori: Kid was winnin' every tournament in his age bracket until he hit eleven! Rumors say he was the illegitimate child, or prodigal apprentice, of the "Soaring Princess," Ms. Kagami.
Masaya: Um... Are you doing this on purpose?
Minori: Huh? What do you mean?
Masaya: Talking about that boy...
Minori: Huh? Wait, is he dead?! See, I'm not all that good at gatherin' information.
Yeah, then maybe you should pick some other career besides journalist...
But that's beside the point.
Masaya: ...You seriously don't know?
Minori: Come to think of it, Ms. Kagami wouldn't tell me anythin' about him, either...
Minori: Don't tell me he's just an urban legend! Or wait, does everyone who talks about him get cursed?!
Masaya: Uhhh...
Rika: Pfft...
I hear Ichinose barely keeping herself from bursting into laughter.
...She totally knows all those rumors are about me.
Minori: You ever heard anythin' about him, Ichinose?
Masaya: Uh...
Great. She just <i>had</i> to ask the worst possible person. This is bad...
Rika: ......
Ichinose is looking up at me with a questioning gaze.
It'll get pretty damn annoying if Hosaka finds out...
But I guess I've got no choice but to put up with it.
Rika: Unfortunately, I don't know anything about him.
Masaya: Huh?
Minori: I see...
It's not me, but Hosaka who ends up disappointed.
Minori: Too bad. If he was a player with such a promising future, I was ready to throw myself at him instead of a pro baseball player.
Yeah, no thanks. But more importantly...
Masaya: Why...?
I gaze at Ichinose's face.
I mean, she seemed to want more info on me, too.
Rika: I'll return to practice now.
Masaya: S-Sure.
Minori: Oh, thanks for your time, Ichinose!
And after that...
Ichinose focuses on practice as if whatever had been weighing on her mind has disappeared.
What caused her change of heart?
Satouin: Very well, then. It's time to eat... Enjoy!
Everyone: Thanks.
Asuka: Thanks.
Misaki: Thanks.
Mashiro: Thanks.
Shion: Thanks.
Madoka: Thanks.
Rika: Thanks.
After practice ended, we prepared food together.
Shion: Mmm... Food tastes a lot more delicious when you're drained after practice!
Madoka: Hey, slow down or you'll end up choking on the food. I know I'm the manager, but I <i>really</i> don't want to have to deal with that.
Shion: Mmm... Nnn, nghhh... Nghhh!
Asuka: Whoa, Prez sounds like a vacuum cleaner!
Madoka: Geez! I told you so!
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai, this pork soup is delicious!
Misaki: Well, of course. Grandma taught me how to make it.
Mashiro: Haaah... I have to say, the person you're going to spend the rest of your life with sure is lucky! They'll get to eat food this good all the time!
Misaki: I know, right?
Mashiro: I'm such a lucky girl!
Misaki: Huh? Why?
Takafuji Girl D: But Tobisawa-san, this is <i>really</i> amazing.
Misaki: Oh, thanks.
Takafuji Girl E: I can tell you put a lot of effort into this. Doesn't seem like it was easy to make.
Takafuji Girl F: What's your secret? Mind sharing?
Misaki: Hold on! Lemme focus on eating before my battery dies.
Misaki is surrounded by Takafuji girls.
Asuka: Is something wrong?
Masaya: No, just don't think I'll ever get the chance to witness something like this again.
Let's ignore the fact that Mashiro looks pissed right now.
Asuka: Misaki-chan displayed some serious leadership skills when we were cooking.
Masaya: Wait, really?
And she can't spare some of that during practice?
By the way, the girls prepared dinner. Us guys were in charge of cleaning up after practice.
Masaya: Which dish did you make, Asuka?
Asuka: Um, I washed the rice and cut veggies, I guess?
Masaya: Can't cook?
Asuka: No, it's just that the other girls were <i>way</i> better than me!
Masaya: Does that include Mashiro and Madoka?
Asuka: ...No, they just washed the dishes.
Masaya: Wow, they didn't even get to touch the ingredients, huh?
Harsh.
Masaya: Mhm? This meat is pretty good.
Asuka: Oh, Rika-chan made that. Seemed like she knew her way around a kitchen.
Masaya: I see.
Come to think of it, back when Ichinose moved in next door, she brought us soba noodles. I remember those being pretty great.
Asuka: Let me have a taste too... Oh, you're right. It's so tender!
Masaya: I really like the seasoning.
Asuka: We're so lucky to get all this good food! I should go thank Rika-chan.
Masaya: Right now?
Asuka: Yes. Timing is everything!
Masaya: Guess that's true.
My tenuous relationship with Ichinose is the one thing I regret about this training camp.
What to do...
Masaya: Right, I'll tag along.
Things are awkward between us, but I still want to thank her for the food.
Asuka: Okay, let's go!
I follow Asuka as we set off in search of Ichinose.
Eventually, we find her eating with a bunch of girls who are probably her friends.
Asuka: Rika-chan.
Rika: Oh, Asuka-san. Do you need something?
Asuka: You see, the food you made was <i>suuuper</i> good! I just wanted you to know how much I loved it!
Rika: Um, I see... Thank you.
Ichinose replies with a smile on her face. She seems kind of confused, but it looks like she took the compliment well.
Rika: And you, Hinata-san? Why are you accompanying Asuka-san?
Masaya: Oh, I tagged along to tell you how much I liked your food.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: It was really great. Thanks.
Rika: Ah...
Ichinose's eyes widen in surprise.
And right as she starts to open her mouth to respond...
Takafuji Girl A/B/C: Wooow!
Takafuji Girl A: Wooow!
Takafuji Girl B: Wooow!
Takafuji Girl C: Wooow!
All the girls around Ichinose suddenly shriek in unison.
Wh-What was that about?
Takafuji Girl A: Take care of Rika!
Takafuji Girl B: She can be a little stubborn at times...
Takafuji Girl C: And she may also come off as unfriendly, but she's a nice girl at heart!
Masaya: Uh, okay?
Rika: H-Hey! Stop it, you'll make Asuka-san mad.
Asuka: Huh? Why?
Masaya: ......
Can't tell if they're completely misunderstanding the situation or teasing her...
But seeing that Ichinose is avoiding eye contact, maybe it would have been better if I stayed behind.
Takafuji Girl A: Oh, right. Speaking of thanks, Coach, I wanted to thank you for your help during practice. It was nice.
Masaya: Huh?
Takafuji Girl B: The advice you were giving was spot-on.
Takafuji Girl C: Yeah, you explained everything and answered all of our questions. Kinda like a really good doctor.
Masaya: You really mean that?
Hearing that, well... makes me very happy.
Takafuji Girl A: It's also great that you're so easy to talk to.
Takafuji Girl B: Can I have your number?
Masaya: Uh, hold on...
Rika: Stop. You're putting Hinata-san in an awkward spot.
Asuka: Wow, amazing. You're so popular, Masaya-san.
Rika: No, I think they're just teasing him...
Masaya: Think I'll stay behind.
Don't wanna make things worse.
Asuka: Hm, then I guess I'll go by myself.
Masaya: Stay safe.
Asuka: Geez, I'm not <i>that</i> clum-- Ah!
Asuka: C-Close one...
Masaya: Sorry, what were you saying?
Asuka: I-I'll be careful.
I breathe a sigh of relief as I watch Asuka walk away.
Masaya: Ichinose, huh?
Might be better to give her some space for now.
In the end, I finished dinner without actually improving my relationship with Ichinose.
We all took our baths after that, and then it was time for lights-out.
Unfortunately, I'm having problems falling asleep.
Masaya: ...Okay.
Guess I'll do that again tonight.
I get out of my sleeping bag.
Shion: Ghhh, ngggh... Ghhh, nghhh...
Shindou: Zzz...
I tiptoe outside in an attempt to keep anyone from waking up.
Masaya: Phew...
I rest my hands, which are weary from all the work.
Like I thought, there are things about Grav Shoes you simply don't get unless you actually disassemble them yourself...
Seems my basic knowledge is still lacking.
Masaya: Time for a break.
I want to clear my mind.
Some hot coffee would hit the spot right about now...
Masaya: Shit. Should've bought a drink before coming here.
Can't believe I made the same mistake as yesterday.
Is there a vending machine around here?
There are some back at Takafuji, but well, I'm out at night without permission.
Things would go south real fast if someone caught me. Can't risk that.
I look around, surveying my surroundings.
Rika: ......
Hm?
Feels like I just spotted something other than a vending machine.
Wait, that can't be. Am I seeing things because I'm tired?
I shake my head, then look around again.
Rika: U-Um...
Masaya: Right. Of course I'm not dreaming.
Rika: Huh?
My own personal nightmare has found me.
Rika: May I ask you what you're doing?
Masaya: Should I start begging for my life now?
Rika: Why would you?
Masaya: Well, um...
Better to repent sooner than later, yeah?
Rika: What are you doing? You were out here last night too...
Masaya: ......
She spotted me last night... I'm doomed.
May as well give up.
Masaya: See, it's like part of my daily routine.
Rika: Those are Grav Shoes, right?
Masaya: My job as a coach includes acting as the mechanic. So, I've been fiddling around with Grav Shoes in order to get some hands-on experience.
Rika: Oh, I see.
Man, that's not good.
I just went off on my own to clear my mind, and here I am using FC as an excuse.
I need to own up to my mistakes. Ichinose must be pretty mad at me, since she came all the way out here to stop me.
Gotta apologize, and fast.
Rika: Um...
I have to bow my head and say sorry before she blows up!
Rika/Masaya: I'm sorry!\nSorry!
Masaya: Sorry!
Rika: I'm sorry!
Having bowed our heads at the same time, we both go...
Rika/Masaya: ...What?<T 0>\nHuh?
Masaya: ...Huh?
Rika: ...What?
The two of us exchange glances.
Masaya: Uh, I apologized for going off by myself during the training camp, but... what are you apologizing for?
I'm <i>so</i> confused.
Rika: Um, about the day we first met.
Masaya: You mean the day you moved in?
Ichinose nods slightly.
Rika: I knew it was just an accident, but I still accused you of being a peeping tom.
Masaya: You're apologizing for that <i>now?</i> It's been so long!
Seriously, that was weeks ago. Why bring up the past now?
Rika: Well, I've been meaning to apologize ever since.
Rika: But I could never find the right timing...
Masaya: I see... Apology accepted, I guess?
I'm glad she apologized, but it does feel kinda weird.
Like, I've moved <i>way</i> past it already.
But I have to say, when I consider that this has been weighing on her mind the whole time, and also how she wanted to protect Takafuji when we showed up for this training camp...
She really is stubborn... No, I should say that she's a really serious person.
Still, there's nothing wrong with that. She knows when to apologize, so that means she's <i>definitely</i> a good person.
Rika: And I have one more apology to make! I'm sorry!
Masaya: A-And what's this one for?
Rika: About what happened yesterday afternoon...
Masaya: Oh.
Rika: After seeing everyone from Kunahama Academy practice, I realized I was just assuming things.
Rika: I can't believe I got ahead of myself, got all worked up, and said all those rude things to you.
Rika: I'm very sorry about that.
Masaya: No, it's fine.
Rika: How can you accept my apology so easily?!
Masaya: Err, look, to be honest, I was also pretty worried about this training camp.
Masaya: And I know I haven't known you that long, but I can tell that you're being sincere.
Masaya: So don't sweat it.
Rika: I'm sorry...
Masaya: Enough with the apologies already.
Clearing the air is a good thing.
Rika: Um, this is the first time I've seen Shindou-senpai look up to a Skywalker.
Masaya: Uh...
Right. That also happened.
Ichinose is giving me a cautious, searching look.
She wants to know more, but is also trying to be considerate, I guess?
Well, I can't blame her after everything Shindou-san said.
Ichinose has been really honest with me so far, which makes me want to respond to her sincerity in kind. That being said, I'm not going to tell her <i>everything</i> about myself.
I would've been able to pass all this off as a misunderstanding if it was just Shindou-san, but Hosaka's speech earlier was the final nail in the coffin.
There's no way to throw her off the trail now.
Ichinose whips out her phone as I'm mulling over what to say.
Rika: I'm sorry. I googled your name.
There's a local sports column from a couple years back on her phone.
What stands out most is the fact that the image isn't showing because the link has expired.
Followed by the catchphrases "prodigy," "a stunning display," and a title that reads "FC U-12 Champion, Masaya Hinata" in an especially large font.
My heart pounds against my ribcage.
I feel my whole body numbing rapidly.
Rika: Um... Are you upset?
Ichinose's voice pulls me out of the depths of despair.
Masaya: Not really.
Someone was bound to find out sooner or later, so I can't really get mad.
Same goes for the way Shindou-san and Hosaka acted earlier today.
I can't move on yet, so luckily, no one knows the real reason I quit.
The cause of my trauma is an absolute secret.
And that's the only reason why I can suppress my surging emotions.
Masaya: Don't worry about it. I expected someone to bring it up eventually.
Masaya: Gotta say, though, the internet's a pretty scary place. Didn't think there'd be any archived articles left. Haha, my bad.
Masaya: Guess this is what you call the price of fame? It's all in the past at this point, though, so not like it <i>really</i> matters.
Rika: Hinata-san...
Ichinose sounds worried.
Maybe I'm talking so much that it comes off unnatural? No, wait, my smile probably looks <i>way</i> too fake.
Man, why aren't I a better actor?
I <i>really</i> don't wanna play the victim and make Ichinose feel bad for me right now.
Masaya: Well, just promise you'll stop looking into it. You'll end up embarrassing me!
Rika: I'm sorry...
Ichinose nods, a look of comprehension on her face.
Damn it.
I need to get better at handling this.
Rika: But...
Masaya: Mhm?
Rika: I may be stepping out of line here, but if there's something you can't handle on your own, you can always...
For a moment, my emotions overwhelm me, and I'm seeing red.
However, Ichinose's words calm me down once more.
Rika: No, wait, I'm stepping out of line. You have a girlfriend, after all.
Huh?
Masaya: Wait, what? You think I'm dating <i>who,</i> exactly?
Rika: Well, Asuka-san, of course.
...No, she's got the wrong idea.
Masaya: You're wrong. We aren't a couple.
Rika: Don't worry. I'll pretend I never saw anything.
Masaya: Look, there's no need for you to pretend. We're just friends.
Ichinose is pretty stubborn, so I need to make this clear before things get out of hand.
Masaya: I'm serious. You're <i>totally</i> wrong. Asuka isn't my girlfriend... I mean, <i>come on,</i> she could do <i>way</i> better!
Rika: Really? I was sure you were a couple.
Masaya: Absolutely not.
Rika: I-I'm sorry...
Well, seems like I've cleared everything up.
Rika: ...I feel like all I ever do is apologize to you.
Ichinose looks apologetic.
Masaya: I know, right? Might even look like you're abusing me to an outsider!
Of course, that's not actually the case.
Masaya: Honestly, I'd rather you thank me than apologize. That'd feel a whole lot better.
Rika: Thank you?
Looks like she's confused.
Rika: Right. I suppose saying "I'm sorry" actually relieves my concerns more than yours.
Masaya: Err, you don't have to be so down on yourself...
Rika: I'll try to live by those words.
Masaya: Fine... Then, from now on, neither of us can apologize to each other!
Rika: Ah...!
Masaya: What's up?
Rika: I just remembered that there's one more thing I need to apologize about.
Masaya: Y-You're not done?
Like, seriously, was our relationship <i>that</i> bad?
Rika: I promise to make this one the last. I'll have a clear conscience after that. Think of it like a graduation ceremony of sorts.
Masaya: Not sure I trust you on that one.
Rika: Um, it's a bit embarrassing, but...
Ichinose swiftly swipes the screen of her smartphone.
My body stiffens as I recall the article she showed me earlier.
However, contrary to my expectations, she shows me a blog with a cute design.
Rika: I was <i>very</i> upset when I found out about the training camp, so I vented on my blog.
Masaya: What? This post here?
Rika: Yeah. But in my post today, I said it was all a misunderstanding on my part and apologized. Look here.
Ichinose opens a different blog post as she says that.
Damn, she's going out of her way to tell me about something I never would have known if she had just kept quiet...
Masaya: Got it... Wow, you have a blog?
Rika: Um, yeah, I've had it up and running since I started at my last school. I'm using it as an online diary.
Masaya: So this emoji spam is all you?
Rika: D-Don't go snooping around! I only use those on my blog! I write texts and stuff normally!
Suddenly, I catch sight of the blog admin's username.
Masaya: ..."Rikarika"?
Rika: Hey, give it back!
All flustered, Ichinose jumps at me in an attempt to grab her phone.
Masaya: Okay, I get it! Calm down!
Rika: Wha?!
And then, she loses her balance.
Masaya: Ichinose!
I reach out in order to support her, but unfortunately, I'm not in a very stable position myself.
Rika: Huh?
Well, I <i>did</i> manage to support her, but...
Rika: Oh!
I think I've just made things a whole lot worse.
Rika: Ah... Ah...
Ichinose start to quiver as her face turns red.
Masaya: Oh, I'm so--
I instinctively start to apologize, but then recall our conversation from mere moments ago.
Masaya: Oh, right... Um, thanks?
Rika: Ah...! No...! Oh no! Noooooooooooo!
Ichinose rains blow after blow down on me.
I'm an idiot. Should've realized this wasn't the place to replace "I'm sorry" with "thank you"...
Masaya: I'm sorry, Ichino--
Rika: No! Stop! Get away from meeeeee!
She isn't even listening.
After I endure my punishment for a while...
Rika: Take off!
Ichinose turns on her Grav Shoes and flies off.
Masaya: It's dark, so be careful on your way back!
I find myself unable to say anything to salvage the situation.
The beach has become silent.
Only the dim moonlight and the sound of the waves crashing into the sand remain.
Why did that have to happen? It seemed like things were finally going well, too...
Masaya: Maybe Ichinose and I are just star-crossed.
I heave a heavy sigh.
Back in the dojo, drowsiness assails me.
Tomorrow, we'll round off this training camp with some practice matches.
Glad everything went well.
Well, I've gotta get up bright and early. Time for bed.
I close my eyes.
Masaya: Hm?
I feel something touching me.
Did someone just get into my sleeping bag?
What's happening?
Shindou: Hey there.
Masaya: Sh-Shindou-san?!
Shindou: Be quiet. You'll wake up the others.
Doubt it. If that was enough to wake them up, our dear president's snoring would have done the job already.
Shindou: Can I have a moment?
Masaya: Um, you're kinda forcing me to agree... This is <i>real</i> creepy.
Shindou: Don't worry. I won't try anything else.
Masaya: Not sure I can trust the word of someone who just crawled into my sleeping bag.
Shindou: Haha. Good point.
At least pretend to feel bad!
This is getting really weird, but I'll put up with it for now.
Masaya: What do you want?
Shindou: Face me in a match right now.
Masaya: Huh?
I'm dumbstruck.
Shindou: I've had my eye on you these past two days.
Shindou: Like I already said, I've always looked up to you. And when I heard that you were returning to FC, my feelings from back then resurfaced.
Shindou: I'm not you, and I'm well aware of that.
Shindou: Still, I want to be the one who succeeds you. I know it might just be because I want your acknowledgment, but that's still my wish.
Shindou: I've always wanted to surpass you.
In response to Shindou's penetrating gaze, I...
Masaya: But I'm...
Silence reigns.
Shindou: Right. I knew it wasn't likely, but I wanted to ask anyway. My apologies.
Masaya: ......
Shindou: However, there's one other thing I've been wondering.
Masaya: What is it?
Shindou: Why have you returned to FC after all these years?
Masaya: Well...
Shindou: I figure those girls spurred you on.
Shindou: Will you fight me if I defeat them?
Masaya: Shindou-san?!
Shindou: No, forget I said anything. I'm sorry.
Shindou-san backs down after seeing my reaction, then forms a somewhat sad smile.
Shindou: Good night.
With that, he leaves my sleeping bag.
Masaya: Shindou-san...
Thanks to that conversation, I can't sleep.
It's the final day of our training camp.
Practice matches are taking center stage today.
Masaya: Alright, time to end things with a bang! Take these matches just as seriously as real tournament matches.
Asuka: Yes!
Shion: Gotcha. You can count on me!
Misaki: Are those bags under your eyes, Masaya?
Mashiro: Whoa. You didn't sleep?
Masaya: Doesn't matter. Let's talk strategy.
Madoka: What are the match ups?
Masaya: Haven't decided yet.
Masaya: Still, we only have four people to choose from, which means it all depends on who Takafuji picks.
FC has no weight or gender divisions.
That means a Skywalker has to be ready to face any opponent.
Asuka: Um, who's going first? And what about second, third, and fourth?
Masaya: Haven't decided that, either. You can pick that yourself, if you want.
Misaki: Me first. Gotta do it anyway, so may as well get it outta the way, y'know?
Mashiro: Then me second! I'll always follow Misaki-senpai!
Well, this isn't a team battle, so none of this actually matters.
Masaya: Okay.
Asuka: Um, I'll...
Shion: I'll go last. You can bear witness to my fated Prez vs. Prez battle against Shindou!
Asuka: That makes me the third, then.
Masaya: Alright. Let's go with that.
Satouin: Have you decided on an order, Kunahama?
Madoka: Yeah, just finished.
Satouin: Very well, then. Let's not waste any time. Your first player will be...
Misaki: Heeere. I'm up fiiirst.
Misaki steps forward with her usual casual attitude.
Shindou: I'll take that match.
Misaki: Say what?!
And Shindou-san responds by nominating himself.
Masaya: ......
Well, I half-expected this outcome.
Shion: Shindou! Are you running away from your match against me?!
Shindou: Huh? Did we make some sort of promise? Can't say I remember that.
Shion: We didn't, but that should be obvious!
Our Prez is pretty damn unreasonable.
Shindou: I can't wait to get started. Tobisawa-kun, right?
Misaki: ...Well, not like I care who my opponent is gonna be.
Shindou: Heh. Let's make it a good match.
Misaki and I put on our headsets.
Masaya: Test. Test. Can you hear me?
Misaki: Yep. Loud and clear.
Masaya: And how are your Grav Shoes?
Misaki is wearing Laevateinns, which are kinda hard to handle.
I've been waiting for Misaki to get better at using them, which is why I haven't done any balancer tuning yet.
Misaki: All good. I've been flying around with them a lot during practice. Guess I've finally dominated these bad boys...
Masaya: Right, it <i>does</i> look like you've gotten used to them, at least.
Misaki: Hey, drop that last part.
Misaki puffs up her cheeks in annoyance as she says that. Then, after a few moments, her gaze turns cold.
Misaki: Gotta wonder though, why'd Shindou-san pick me? There are other players here who are better than me, right?
Masaya: Maybe he wanted to face a student from a different school? Can't say.
Misaki: That seems real weird to me...
Masaya: Well, honestly speaking, he isn't someone you have any hope of defeating, so make sure you learn a few things from the experience.
Misaki: Lighten up, Coach. Don't get your players all depressed before we've even started... Not that you're wrong, I guess.
She shrugs her shoulders listlessly as she says that.
Misaki: Well, guess I'll go get a feel for the skill gap.
Masaya: Even if you think you can't win, you still need to try. Giving up without a fight would be plain rude.
Misaki: Yeah yeah, I know... Just make sure to gimme proper instructions.
Masaya: Of course.
Misaki: Aight, then let's do this thing!
Misaki flies off toward first. She seems... somewhat shaky.
Come to think of it, who's Shindou-san's second?
I look around and find Shindou-san talking to Satouin-san.
Shindou: ......
Possibly having noticed my gaze, Shindou-san looks my way and gives me a meaningful smile, then flies off toward first.
I go over to Satouin-san.
Masaya: Are you going to be his second?
Satouin: I highly doubt he'll ever have a need for advice, but I suppose anyone can make mistakes.
Yeah, even top pros end up losing sight of their opponent during a match.
Masaya: By the way, why did Shindou-san choose Misaki?
Satouin: It seems he has a high opinion of Misaki Tobisawa.
Masaya: Really?
Satouin: Yes. He says she has talent.
Masaya: Well, I agree with that, but...
Satouin: Sometimes you fail to see things because you're watching from too close.
Masaya: That would mean I've failed as a coach.
Satouin: I wouldn't go that far. At any rate, the match is about to begin.
Satouin-san and I look up to the figures who are positioned next to first.
Misaki: I'm looking forward to this.
Shindou: Hey there. I feel the exact same way.
Misaki: ...Why'd you pick me?
Shindou: I just thought it would be fun.
Misaki: Fun? Hm... What, you making fun of me?
Shindou: Oh, by no means. I mean what I said.
Referee: Um, can I start the match?
Shindou: Apologies. I'm good to go.
Misaki: Same.
Referee: Okay, I'm starting the match... Ready! Set!
Shindou: ......
Misaki: ......
After a short pause, the whistle that signals the start of the match resounds.
Shindou-san jets off along the first line, heading straight for the second. On the other hand, Misaki jumps ahead to the second line.
Between an All-Rounder and a Fighter, the All-Rounder can fly faster in a straight line. There's no point in Misaki competing in a test of speed.
They're both playing by the book so far.
Alright. Now it comes down to positioning herself to intercept Shindou-san and force him into a dogfight...
Huh?
Masaya: Misaki! Quit spacing out and focus!
Misaki: I'm not spacing out.
Masaya: Then hurry up!
Misaki: What's the rush? I'm focusing on flying here, so quit yelling.
Masaya: Shindou-san's <i>extremely</i> fast!
Misaki: Huh?
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san has already made it past the halfway point of the first line. That's not the speed of an All-Rounder. Somehow, he's as fast as a Speeder.
Masaya: If you keep flying that slowly, he'll reach the third buoy by the time you make it to the second line!
Misaki: Wait, what?! How?! Fine, I'll hurry!
Did Shindou-san tune his Grav Shoes to fit a Speeder style?
By the time Misaki has taken her position on the second line to intercept Shindou-san, he's already scored his first point from touching second and is almost to the middle of the second line.
He's now only a short distance away from Misaki.
Misaki: Huh?! Whawhawha?! Masaya! Where's Shindou-san gonna go?
The unexpected development has Misaki bewildered.
Masaya: He'll--
If his shoes are on Speeder settings, he should do a Low Yo-Yo to accelerate even further and pass her from below.
Masaya: Below you!
Misaki: Got--
Misaki probably meant to say "Got it," but she cuts herself off before she finishes saying that.
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san easily passed over Misaki's head. He climbed diagonally upward.
Why?! Either way, I need to give Misaki a new plan!
Masaya: Don't go after him! Jump to the third line!
Misaki: O-Okay.
Misaki follows my instruction and makes for the third line.
But why?
Satouin-san taps my shoulder, covers the mic of her headset to keep Shindou-san from hearing her, and looks at me.
Guess she wants to tell me something... I follow her example and cover my mic.
Satouin: You should calm down. That was your mistake.
Masaya: It's my fault?
It's not that Shindou-san is just too good?
Satouin: You gave her instructions too early. Of course he went up after seeing her move downward so clearly.
Ah...
I see. I panicked because of Misaki's bewildered voice.
It's obvious that Misaki would immediately respond to my voice given the state she was in.
Shindou-san chose that direction after he saw Misaki start to move, huh? Normally, it works the other way. The Skywalker who is trying to intercept someone, meaning Misaki, is supposed to watch their opponent's movements and respond in kind.
Masaya: ...Thanks for the advice.
Satouin: I'm only doing this because these matches are supposed to help us all improve. Don't expect anything like that in a real match.
I remove my hand from the headset's mic and speak through it.
Masaya: Misaki, let's calm down and take this step by step.
Misaki: Just now...
Masaya: Mhm?
Misaki: The moment Shindou-san passed me, he had a weird smile on his face.
Masaya: Wasn't that just your imagination?
Misaki: Maybe, but...
I can hear Misaki breathing deeply.
Shindou: ......
After scoring his second point by touching third, he abandons his perfect forward form, throws out his chest, and bends backward, effectively pumping the brakes.
Misaki: What's he trying to do?
Masaya: ......
Shindou-san is in full control of the match.
Chances are high that if he had maintained his speed and kept going, he would have broken past Misaki and scored his third point by touching fourth.
The fact that he drastically slowed down despite that can only mean...
Even from here, I can see that Shindou-san has a strange smile on his face.
Misaki: He's <i>actually</i> making fun of me, isn't he?
Masaya: Don't fall for it.
I can't believe Shindou-san is doing this. Does his personality change during matches?
Misaki: ......
Masaya: Hey! Answer me!
Misaki: I really can't stand smug bastards...
Masaya: Again, don't fall for it. He's trying to provoke you!
Misaki: ......
Masaya: Answer me!
I didn't know Misaki could be this stubborn... What am I supposed to do as her second in this situation?
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san slowly approaches Misaki.
Misaki: What're you trying to pull?
Shindou: I <i>could</i> rely on speed to keep scoring, but then this match wouldn't really help either of us improve.
I can hear their conversation through the headset.
Misaki: What's your point?
Shindou: Figured I'd do you a favor and go with a dogfight.
Misaki: You're doing me a favor?
Shindou: Yeah. You heard me.
Misaki: ......
Misaki's irritation is clear as day.
It's easy to just say "calm down."
However, a Fighter who runs away from a dogfight has no chance of winning.
Masaya: Misaki... Calm down and do it.
Misaki: What do you mean?
Masaya: I mean act dumb but play smart.
Misaki: Hm... I guess I get what you're trying to say. In other words, as my second, you're giving me permission to engage in a dogfight, yeah?
Masaya: Basically.
Shindou: Are you done talking?
Misaki: Oh, yeah. About that, um...
While talking to Shindou-san, Misaki casually moves her hand in a motion akin to her swatting a bug away from her eyes. Then, she advances forward quietly and swiftly.
Shindou: Ah...!
With a smooth, natural motion, she extends her right hand toward Shindou-san's chest and--
A burst resounds.
Shindou: Kgh!
Shindou-san loses his balance and gets thrown backward. Misaki was also thrown backward, but she hasn't lost her balance yet.
Since they'd both been standing still, their speed is now down to practically zero. In this situation, a Fighter has a <i>huge</i> advantage.
Misaki: Is that what you mean by act dumb but play smart?
Masaya: Bingo. Now, dart toward him and seize control!
Misaki: Don't have to tell me twice!
Misaki attacks Shindou-san as he's still struggling to regain his balance.
Shindou: I'm surprised you would resort to such tricks.
Misaki: Winning's all that matters.
Shindou-san swings his arm sideways, trying to touch Misaki.
Misaki: ......
Misaki calmly dodges that, then enters a short climb as she turns upside down. Now diving downward head-first, she tries to touch Shindou-san's head.
Masaya: Good choice.
If she repels the back of his head, Shindou-san will fall forward, losing his balance and revealing his back in the process.
Shindou: ......
Huh?
After spinning around 90 degrees on a vertical axis, he touches Misaki's extended arm in a way that repels her in a diagonally upward direction.
Misaki: What the?!
The force makes Misaki's body flip over, putting her in a position where she's facing the sky... From Shindou-san's perspective, she's defenselessly revealing her back to him as she flies diagonally upward.
And unfortunately, before Misaki can steady herself, Shindou-san thrusts his arm up from below.
Shindou: Alright. Here goes number one.
Misaki: H-Hey!
Misaki's sent flying upward again as he touches her. Shindou-san, who then pursues her from below, once again reaches out and...
Shindou: Number two.
Misaki: Huh?!
At this rate, she's going to let him keep scoring until the match ends.
Masaya: Misaki, thrash about! Doesn't matter how, just throw your arms and legs around as you turn your body!
Misaki: Okaaay!
Shindou: I'm disappointed that you would resort to such an unsightly strategy.
Misaki: Ugh!
Don't tell me--
He knew it would turn out like this the moment he defended himself by thrusting out his arm?
It's standard practice to attack from above when your opponent defends their front.
And the fact that it's standard practice means... Did he see through all of Misaki's actions past that point?
That's the only possible explanation. There's no way he just dodged all her attacks on reflex.
My throat runs dry.
What kind of strategy can I use against such a skilled opponent?
Shindou: How disappointing. I must say, I expected more from you.
Misaki: Man, you're <i>really</i> starting to piss me off!
Shindou: Then how about you take this more seriously? Don't you think it's embarrassing to get demolished in a dogfight by me, an All-Rounder, even though you're a Fighter?
Misaki: Ah...!
Masaya: Misaki! Don't attack!
Misaki: Yes I will!
Masaya: No, don't! Focus on defense!
Misaki: I'm gonna attack!
Masaya: No! I'll treat you to as many snacks as you want, so just listen to me!
Misaki: Whoa! Does that include cake?! What about an all-you-can-eat cake buffet?!
Girl, don't get so excited about cake!
Masaya: Anything's fine. Just trust me right now, okay?
Misaki: ......
Masaya: Focus on dodging all of his attacks. Anything that seems like an opening will just be a trap, so ignore them. Just make sure to dodge at point-blank range. Get as close to him as you can.
Misaki: But if I don't attack--
Masaya: Cake!
Misaki: But--
Masaya: All-you-can-eat cake buffet!
Misaki: Fine, I get it! I just have to get close to him and keep dodging, yeah?
Masaya: That's right. Stick to the plan even if he scores points off you.
Misaki quickly approaches Shindou-san.
Shindou: ...Hm? Another surprise attack?
Misaki: Who knows?
Shindou: Hm?
Misaki: ......
The two of them close in on each other without attacking. It's a sight you rarely see in FC.
I was right.
Shindou-san focuses on countering in dogfights. In other words, he waits for his opponents to make the first move.
He only retaliates after making his opponent move in a predictable manner. That means he isn't good at launching an attack himself. Or at least, that <i>should</i> be the case.
Shindou: You're a Fighter and yet you do nothing at close range?
Misaki: Why don't you throw the first punch? Or what, are you too chicken?
Shindou: Well... See for yourself!
Shindou-san reaches out to Misaki as he bends forward.
Misaki: Ugh!
Misaki dodges by a hair's breadth.
Shindou-san tilts forward even more to accelerate, which forces Misaki to respond in kind to keep up with him.
Shindou: ......
Misaki: No!
Shindou-san tries to go right, but Misaki moves to block his path.
Looks like she's following my instructions to the letter.
This is <i>exactly</i> what I was going for.
Reflexes are the most important factor in dogfights at point-blank range. When they're that close, Shindou-san can't force her to move as he pleases!
Shindou: ......
Misaki: Whoa!
She's sticking to Shindou-san and keeps dodging one attack after another.
Considering the upside of her testy Grav Shoes, it's no wonder she can pull that off. However...
Satouin: That's incredible.
Masaya: Yeah, even I'm surprised.
Misaki is still dodging. Attack after attack is met with dodge after dodge.
To some extent, the fact that Shindou-san is wearing All-Rounder shoes with Speeder tuning explains why he's having so much trouble.
But that's not all.
I didn't realize Misaki was <i>this</i> good.
Her reflexes... They remind me of <i>him.</i>
An unpleasant memory floats to mind, making it hard for me to breathe.
Misaki: ......
Having grit her teeth, Misaki winds her way around Shindou-san's body like a snake on a branch.
And then, she gets behind Shindou-san.
I figured if she kept dodging, she would eventually end up behind him, but I didn't expect it to happen so fast.
Misaki: There!
Shindou: Kgh!
Shindou-san is sent flying toward third when Misaki touches his back.
Misaki: Ah! I ended up attacking him! Does that mean no cake?
Masaya: No! There'll be plenty of cake for you! Now focus!
Misaki: O-Okay!
Shindou: See, you can do it if you actually try! Let's continue, then.
Misaki goes on the defensive when Shindou-san resumes his assault.
Eventually, Misaki scores another point and the match ends.
The final score is 2:4.
There's a strange mood among everyone who was watching the match. Must be surprised that Misaki kept dodging Shindou-san's attacks.
Shindou: I apologize for provoking you during the match.
Misaki: You were doing that to make things more interesting, yeah?
Shindou: You don't have to put it like that.
Misaki: But you'd never act like that in a real match, right?
Shindou: I'll leave that to your imagination for now. You'll find out when the time comes.
Misaki walks over to me.
Misaki: So? How'd I do? Was I amazing or what?
Masaya: You <i>definitely</i> were. Still, I'm giving you zero points.
Misaki: Why? I scored two whole points on Shindou-san!
Masaya: The zero also applies to me. You didn't really listen to me back there until I bribed you, right?
Misaki: Yeeeah, fair... I just kinda lost my temper when Shindou-san started trash talking.
Masaya: Well, I didn't do a great job of leading you either. So yeah, zero points for us both today.
Misaki: You're pretty hard on yourself. Look on the bright side, that match made me think it might not be so bad to listen to you once in a while.
Yeah, that's not much of a bright side. I want you to say you <i>will</i> follow my instructions from now on.
Masaya: Anyway, training's the name of the game.
Misaki: Gotcha, Coach.
Misaki dons a playful smile when she says that.
I'm not so sure she actually gets it.
After that, Mashiro's match finishes in short order and Asuka's turn arrived.
Asuka: I-I'll do my best out there!
Masaya: It's good that you're excited, but don't overdo it. Your shoulders are all stiff.
Asuka: O-Oh, I never noticed...
Masaya: Yeah. You seem bolted to the spot. Take a few deep breaths and loosen up.
Asuka: O-Okay... Hoooh... Haaah...
Masaya: Again.
Asuka: Hoooh... Haaah...
Masaya: Now dangle your arms and rotate your shoulders around.
Asuka: Like this?
Masaya: Hm, still stiff... It's just a practice match. There's no reason for you to be so nervous.
Asuka: I-I'm not nervous!
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on,</i> who are you trying to fool? You weren't that nervous when you faced Satouin-san, right?
Asuka: Back then, I knew nothing. But now, the thought that I need to show everything I've learned is...
Masaya: And you won't ever do that if you get nervous. You can't pull off any quick moves with a stiff body.
Asuka: I-I'll relax right now!
Doesn't seem to be working, though.
Masaya: Your opponent is a Speeder. All you need to do is intercept her and nullify her speed.
Asuka: Okay, I understand.
Satouin: I would like to start the match now. Are you ready?
Masaya: Yeah, we're good to go.
Rika: I'll head up there, then.
Asuka's opponent is Rika Ichinose.
Ichinose flies ahead to first.
Masaya: Alright, off you go.
Asuka: Yes! I'll show you my moves!
I send Asuka off with a clap on her back.
This is her first real practice match. Expecting her to not feel nervous is asking for the impossible.
Asuka: Let's make this a good match, Rika-chan.
Rika: By all means.
Eventually, the whistle that signals the start of the match resounds.
Rika: ......
Ichinose tilts her body downward and makes for second with a Low Yo-Yo.
Asuka: ......
And Asuka tries to keep up with her.
H-Hey!
Asuka's Grav Shoes have a standard All-Rounder setting. Maybe she'd have a shot if they had Speeder tuning, but that's not the case here.
Need to stop her before it's too late!
Masaya: Asuka! You can't win in a contest of speed!
Asuka: Huh? Oh, yes, you're right!
Masaya: You need to jump to the second line right away.
Asuka: Understood.
Asuka proceeds to the second line.
Man, she really is all tense.
......
It'd be real bad if Ichinose interpreted what Asuka did as a plan to provoke her.
I can picture her saying, "I see. You're a second who would stoop so low, huh?" after everything's said and done.
Rika: ......
Having scored a point by touching first, Rika uses the repellent force from the touch to accelerate.
Interesting.
She definitely isn't bad, but...
I feel like she entered the climb of her Low Yo-Yo about one second too early.
Her acceleration gain was fairly minimal because she misjudged the angle when she touched the buoy.
Feels to me like she has a bad habit of getting impatient in critical situations.
Asuka: ......
Asuka waits at the center of the second line for Ichinose.
Masaya: Stay calm. Remember, you need to get to where she's going, not where she is!
Asuka: A-Alright.
Rika: ......
Ichinose proceeds to climb gently. Asuka also climbs in response.
It'd be great if she managed to intercept her, but I doubt it's going to be that easy.
Rika: ......
Ichinose banks right while climbing.
Asuka responds to that by tilting forward and accelerating.
Asuka: I'm not letting you get away!
Rika: I won't let you get in my way!
After luring Asuka over to her right, Ichinose twists her body and dives left instead.
Asuka: Ah!
As a result, Asuka ends up flying away from her. Then, she twists her body in an attempt to follow Ichinose, but loses her balance.
Asuka: Wha? Whawhawha?!
With that, Ichinose outruns Asuka.
Masaya: Spread out your arms and legs while taking a deep breath. After that, just jump to the third line. Forget about catching her for now.
Asuka: Understood! Hoooh... Haaah... I'm good to go!
Masaya: She's only scored two points. You're not too far behind, so keep calm.
She's probably feeling pretty disappointed.
Asuka: That was amazing!
...Huh? For some reason, she's all hyped up.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Asuka: It looked like she suddenly disappeared! The thought that I'll be able to move like that someday has me <i>super</i> excited.
Masaya: I see.
Asuka: This is so fun!
I'm impressed that she can say something like that when she's losing.
Masaya: Then make sure to have a lot more fun!
Asuka: Will do!
Ichinose touches third right as Asuka reaches the middle of the third line.
The score is 0:2.
Rika: ......
Ichinose slants downward. I'm guessing she wants to gain speed with a Low Yo-Yo.
She must think Asuka's all flustered and off balance right now, which would make rushing past her quite easy.
Masaya: Anticipate when she'll start her climb.
Asuka: Roger!
Rika: ......
Asuka starts to move to where Ichinose is set to ascend, but Ichinose suddenly enters a steep climb in response.
Rika: I won't let you touch me!
Asuka: What?!
Because Asuka moved her body in a weird way to go after Ichinose, she ends up losing her balance again.
...Damn, she's ruthless.
No, wait, ruthless isn't the right word here. She's simply giving it everything she's got.
Normally, Speeders don't make use of such reckless, steep climbs because they result in a rapid drop in speed, which is their main win condition.
However, that type of movement is <i>extremely</i> effective against beginners.
After all, most beginners tend to chase after their opponent on the spur of the moment, which leads to a loss of balance.
Masaya: Regain your balance, then fly over to the fourth line.
Asuka: Got it!
Masaya: Be careful out there. Make sure you don't lose your balance.
Asuka: Yes! I feel like I'm getting the hang of it.
Masaya: Huh? What do you mean?
Asuka: It's hard for me to explain, but I just feel like I'm getting into the swing of things!
Ichinose touches fourth.
The score is now 0:3.
This time, Ichinose is flying straight along the fourth line, approaching Asuka directly.
There's no way she's going to collide with Asuka, so it's safe to assume she'll turn at some point.
About what Asuka said earlier...
I'm guessing she means she's realized Ichinose is using feints, but...
Well, beginners often end up in a worse position than when they started when they try to counter feints.
I <i>should</i> stop her, but ruining her concentration now could just make things worse.
And as they say, there are some things you can only learn through experience.
Guess I'll keep quiet here and hope that she learns a valuable lesson.
Rika: Allow me to take the lead!
Asuka: No way!
Ichinose starts to fly the Scissors, turning left and right, as she closes in on Asuka.
Man, she really is just doing things that throw off beginners.
Asuka, who is standing in Ichinose's way, flounders left and right as she almost loses her balance.
Asuka: Um, let's see... There!
Rika: Huh?
Huh?
Asuka almost intercepts Ichinose. Ichinose managed to dodge by a hair's breadth with a steep climb, but...
Masaya: After her!
Asuka: I'm on it!
Ichinose's speed is down due to the Scissors and steep climb.
And while it's not as good as that of Fighters, the initial velocity of All-Rounders is also pretty decent. There's a very real chance of Asuka catching her in this situation.
Rika: No...!
Asuka: Got you!
Asuka closes the distance between her and Ichinose.
Can she catch up?
Rika: ...Ugh!
Ichinose enters a Low Yo-Yo to try to shake her off, but Asuka follows.
It's all over if she tries and fails to catch Ichinose now. It'd be nice to let her get a feel for chasing her opponent, but...
It's important to teach her when to give up as well.
She was <i>really</i> close there, though.
Masaya: Jump to the first line.
Asuka: Understood!
I see.
Guess I was wrong.
Asuka hasn't realized Ichinose is doing feints.
No, she's actually come to understand something <i>far</i> more basic. Namely, how to regain her balance mid-air.
Does that mean she only just figured it out during this match?
I guess things like that do happen, but...
I look to the side.
Satouin: Calm down. Your opponent will get the best of you if you're quick to anger.
Looks like Satouin-san is calming Ichinose down, so clearly what just happened was a surprise to her as well.
Masaya: Asuka, carefully watch Ichinose's flight path until the last second. There's no need to rush. You've gotta suppress any urge to move.
Asuka: Will do, Coach!
Rika: I'm going to break through!
Much like on the fourth line, she's rushing straight toward Asuka. Only difference is, there are no Scissors this time.
Her plan is to shake Asuka off with pure speed.
Asuka: ......
Rika: ......
Ichinose uses a light feint, but Asuka doesn't even twitch.
I'm honestly surprised she can stay so still just because I told her to.
Ichinose turns right.
Asuka: I'm stopping you in your tracks!
Rika: Sorry, but I won't allow that.
Asuka: Huh?!
Ichinose spreads out her arms and legs, then enters a High Yo-Yo... In other words, she goes into a steep climb.
Rika: I'm pulling out all the stops.
That successfully drops her speed, which makes Asuka overshoot and pass below Ichinose. Her back is now fully exposed.
Damn, they got us!
I didn't expect her to go for Asuka's back instead of the buoy. Did Satouin-san think up this strategy?
Man, I <i>really</i> wanted her to score at least one point to build up her confidence.
Asuka: Kgh!
Asuka curls up and...
Huh?
Asuka: There!
She seemingly kicks off air, jetting in the opposite direction as a result.
An Airkick Turn?!
Rika: Kgh!
It isn't as clean as in her match against Satouin-san.
But still, it's enough to make Ichinose's hand claw at empty air.
Rika: No way... How can a beginner pull that off?
Asuka: My coach taught me everything I need to know!
Ichinose, who has now missed her target, shoots past Asuka, exposing her back to her opponent.
Asuka: There!
Asuka touches Ichinose's back.
Rika: Kgh!
She's scored one point!
Rika: Haaah... Haaah...
Asuka: Oh no! I made a mistake!
Ichinose uses the repellent force from Asuka touching her back to make for second.
Asuka would've gotten the chance to score even more points if she touched Ichinose from above, but it didn't work out that way.
Masaya: No, you did great. Now jump to the second line.
Asuka: Okay!
After that, Asuka fails to keep up with Ichinose's speed and lets her score again and again by touching buoys, bringing the score to 1:6 by the end.
Shindou: ......
The end of our three day training camp has arrived, which means now we just have to pack up and head on home.
No one seems to want to part with all the new friends they've made.
And honestly, I'm in the exact same boat.
Shindou: Thanks. This turned out to be a very productive training camp.
Masaya: Agreed. I'm sure all my players are a lot more motivated now.
Shindou: Oh, right. Can you apologize to Tobisawa-kun for me?
Masaya: Haha. What, don't wanna face her after all the bullying?
Shindou: ......
Masaya: What's up?
Shindou: We both know that's not what happened.
Masaya: ......
Yeah, he's right.
He was just trying to bring Misaki's potential to the surface. And frankly, seeing that has me wanting to get her to take FC seriously.
Masaya: Fine. I'll apologize. Though, I doubt she's holding a grudge or anything.
Shindou: Good to hear. I mean, she was shooting daggers at me during the match.
Masaya: What, for real?
Maybe Misaki's got a competitive side to her after all.
Shindou: She'll be a real threat someday. Though, she's not alone on that front.
Shindou-san directs his eyes in a certain direction as he says that. And when I turn to where he's looking, I see...
Asuka: Huh? Are you talking about me?
Masaya: Damn, you've got good ears!
I motion for her to leave with my hand.
Asuka: Rude!
Luckily, Asuka gives in to my demand. Guess she understands that this a private conversation.
Shindou: Haha. I see you're quite close.
Masaya: I <i>am</i> her coach. None of this would work if we didn't trust each other.
Not like I'm doing anything special to develop our relationship, though.
Hm... Interesting. Shindou-san sees something special in Asuka as well, huh?
Can't say I disagree. Though unfortunately, she's a lot more raw than even Misaki.
Shindou: I felt like I finally understand why you've returned to FC.
Masaya: There's no special reason, I swear.
Shindou: If you say so. Anyway, it seems like I'm not the only one who wants to say goodbye to you.
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: ......
Well, I certainly feel someone's eyes on me now.
Shindou: I look forward to seeing the fruits of your labor. I wonder where the wings you help them grow will take them.
Masaya: Huh?
Shindou: Let's meet again at the summer tournament.
Shindou-san turns around after spitting out those parting words.
Masaya: Oh, hold on!
Shindou: Yeah?
Masaya: Can we shake hands?
When we first met, our handshake was initiated by Shindou-san.
But right now, I really want to take the lead and return his friendly gesture.
Shindou: Of course.
We shake hands before we part.
With Shindou-san gone, next up is...
Rika: Ah...
Satouin: You there!
Masaya: S-Satouin-san?
Satouin: This was an <i>extremely</i> productive training camp. Allow me to thank you on Takafuji Academy's behalf.
Masaya: Uh, cool?
Shindou-san already said all this.
Wait, was the other person Shindou-san mentioned Satouin-san?
Shindou: Satou-kun.
Satouin: It's Satouin.
Shindou: I need to discuss our club's schedule with you.
Satouin: Please wait a bit. I'm in the middle of voicing my gratitude as the vice president.
Shindou: This is urgent. I want to get your opinion on it, Satou-kun.
Satouin: It's Satouin! Well, I'm terribly sorry, but it seems I'll have to excuse myself.
Masaya: O-Oh, okay...
I'm <i>so</i> confused right now...
Rika: U-Um...!
Masaya: I-Ichinose, huh?
I noticed her looking at me earlier.
We haven't talked since last night.
I've been meaning to apologize, but I figured I could wait until we both got home.
Still, I'm not going to look a gift horse in the mouth. May as well take care of it now, since this chance has fallen right into my lap.
And so, the first words that leave my mouth are--
Rika/Masaya: Th-Thank you!<T 0>\nI'm sorry!
Masaya: I'm sorry!
Rika: Th-Thank you!
Having bowed our heads at the same time, we both go...
Rika/Masaya: What...?<T 0>\nHuh?
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: What...?
Puzzled looks appear on both of our faces.
Actually, the <i>exact</i> same thing happened last night.
Masaya: ...Why are you thanking me?
Rika: Uh, well...
Masaya: I mean, that seems kinda weird, considering what happened yesterday and all...
Rika: Erase that from your memories!
Masaya: Uh, yeah, sure.
I want to, but I'm not sure that's possible.
Rika: Um, I just thought I had to say something, but I was at a loss for words, so the only thing that came to mind was, um...
Masaya: Thanking me?
Rika: Was that weird? I guess it was.
Masaya: No.
I mean, <i>yeah,</i> it <i>is</i> a little weird, but it's the thought that counts.
Masaya: You know, you could've waited until we were home.
Rika: I felt like it was now or never.
Masaya: Oh, okay.
I recall what she told me yesterday.
Rika: Besides, I just thought getting it out of the way would be best for both of us.
I spot a group of grinning girls staring at us. Are those Ichinose's friends?
I think they're the girls who teased her on the first day of the training camp.
Wait, does that mean she chose to do it now as some sort of punishment?
Damn... Not sure if the word "serious" is enough to properly describe her. I swear, she's bordering on crazy here!
Masaya: Thanks for everything.
Rika: Ah...
Rika: My pleasure!
Ichinose responds with a smile as I thank her.
"Thanks," huh? Now that's a word that soothes the mind.
Ichinose said it to me, and I responded in kind, which made both of us feel a whole lot better.
Masaya: Oh, wait...
Rika: Is something wrong?
Masaya: Just so we're clear, I'm not thanking you for what happened yesterday.
Rika: Huh?
She initially doesn't get what I mean and tilts her head in confusion, but after a few seconds...
Rika: Wh-Why?!
She flushes red as the meaning of my words hits her.
Rika: Didn't I tell you to erase that from your memories?!
Masaya: But I had to set things straight, or I'd sound like a <i>total</i> creep!
Masaya: Besides, you haven't forgiven me yet.
Rika: Wha--
Ichinose suddenly brings her face close to mine and lowers her voice.
Right, can't have anyone overhearing this.
Rika: Forgive you? There's no way I can get over you seeing me like that not just once, but twice!
Rika: Let's just pretend it never happened.
Masaya: Uh, okay...
Rika: Or do you want to take responsibility?
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: Ah...
Rika: Th-That was just a figure of speech. I wasn't thinking straight! I mean, I also have a right to choose!
Masaya: R-Right...
That scared me.
Rika: Geez...
Ichinose lets out a little giggle, seemingly mocking my lack of response.
Rika: I swear, things get messy every single time we meet.
Masaya: I'm sor--
Right as I begin to bow deeply and apologize, Ichinose stops me.
Rika: I'm sure it's the same for you, so don't apologize. Let's just start fresh right now.
Rika: Thank you for everything.
Masaya: No, thank <i>you.</i>
Rika: Ah!
Masaya: Huh?
Ichinose suddenly covers her body and backs away from me.
Masaya: What's wrong?
Rika: Well, um, since it's already happened twice now...
Seems like unpleasant memories have surfaced in her mind.
Masaya: They say the third time's a charm, so, um...
Ugh, this is <i>really</i> awkward.
Rika: Hehe. Honestly, when you thank me, I just end up remembering what happened last night.
Masaya: Didn't you wanna pretend it never happened?!
Shion: Hinata!
Madoka: It's time to get going.
Masaya: Oh, gotcha!
Students from both schools line up across from each other before we part.
This is our way of saying goodbye.
Our club presidents are standing in front of each other right now.
Shindou: Let's meet again at the summer tournament.
Shion: Yeah, absolutely. You better be prepa-- Hey, Shindou! Forget Hinata! Look at me!
Masaya: Haha...
Satouin: Okay, now thank each other.
Everyone: Thank you!
Asuka: Thank you!
Misaki: Thank you!
Mashiro: Thank you!
Madoka: Thank you!
Shion: Thank you!
Rika: Thank you!
Satouin: Thank you!
Shindou: Thank you!
And with that...
The curtain falls on our three day training camp with Takafuji Academy.
Aoi: It's not over yet. The training camp's only done once you get home.
Masaya: Right.
Still, our training has come to an end.
Aoi: So, how was it?
Masaya: What do you mean?
What am I saying? She's obviously talking about my overall impression of the training camp.
Masaya: We all learned a lot, but...
I look around.
Shion: Why not do a special on my muscles next?
Minori: Yeeeah, kinda feel like that article would violate the obscenity law. Need to protect my career, y'know?
Shion: How are my muscles obscene?!
Madoka: Cut it out. I'll tell Mom if you keep embarrassing me!
Masaya: ......
Well, I guess <i>most of us</i> learned a lot. Better to forget about that group.
Mashiro: You seem kind of depressed, Misaki-senpai.
Misaki: ...Nah, I'm fine.
Mashiro: Are you hungry again? Or wait, maybe...
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: No, it can't be...
Misaki: Huh?
Mashiro: Is it maybe that today's practice match...
Misaki: Uhhh!
Mashiro: ...left a lasting injury somewhere?!
Misaki: ...No, I'm fine.
Mashiro: That can't be true! I can tell something's wrong! My Misaki-senpai senses are <i>really</i> sharp!
Misaki: Can't tell if that makes me more mad or sad.
Mashiro: Come on, Misaki-senpai, out with what's depressing you! You can tell me anything!
Misaki: Can you just leave me alone?
Masaya: ......
Aoi: What's wrong?
Masaya: Oh, I'm just wondering if the training camp has changed anyone's mindset.
I recall the words Shindou-san said to me at the very end.
Shindou: "I look forward to seeing the fruits of your labor. I wonder where the wings you help them grow will take them."
Those words suit Shindou-san. And honestly, he hit the nail on the head too.
I now have a concrete goal for this year's summer tournament.
But the question is, what does everyone else want to do? This isn't up to me.
Masaya: No matter what they decide, my job is to pour all my energy into supporting them.
Aoi: Yeah, you may be right.
Aoi: But listen, Masaya, you have to lead them as well. Remember, they look to you for help when they take to the skies.
Masaya: ...Right.
Well, I should just focus on getting a good night's rest once I get home.
Oh, but I should note down everything I learned at Takafuji first...
Asuka: Coach.
Masaya: What's up, Asuka?
Asuka: Um, you see...
Masaya: Something wrong?
Asuka: Can you help me practice once we get back?
Masaya: Our training camp <i>literally</i> just ended, but you wanna keep going?
Asuka: I just have this feeling that I'm about to jump to a whole new level, so I want to get in some practice before it's too late.
Asuka: You don't have to if you're tired, though.
Masaya: I'm fine. Promise.
My job is to help these girls grow wings.
Masaya: I'm glad you asked.
Asuka: Wait, you mean...!
Masaya: Go ask Misaki and Mashiro if they want to join us.
Asuka: Will do!
Asuka hurriedly flies off.
Looks like the training camp upped their motivation a ton.
Misaki/Mashiro: You serious?
Misaki: You serious?
Mashiro: You serious?
...Or maybe not.
Asuka: Ah!
Despite their complaints, Asuka gives me a hand signal to show that they've agreed.
Seems they're up for it.
Aoi: Guess the training camp was worth your time.
Masaya: Still have to wait and see if it's just them getting caught up in the heat of the moment, though.
Well, I'll put that thought aside for now.
Let's see, I need to decide what exercise to use before we get back to our training grounds...
★: Chapter 3 -- End.
? ? ?: There, look. The stars are very pretty.
? ? ?: I heard there was a lot of smog in Japan, but it's clear out here in Kyushu. Lucky us.
? ? ?: I'm glad we decided to take a helicopter from Nagasaki Airport. Otherwise, we would have missed this beautiful sky.
? ? ?: Yes? Did you say something?
? ? ?: You want to fly? How unusual. I never thought I'd hear you say that.
? ? ?: ...Oh, I see. You want to get used to the air around here, huh? There's no need to worry, then.
? ? ?: You will have endless opportunities to fly from now on.
Pilot: We're about to land, Lady Irina.
Irina: Understood.
Irina: You must be tired from the long journey. Let's head straight to bed when we arrive.
Irina: ...Huh? Hehe. I suppose I should have expected as much from you.
Irina: Very well, then. I will arrange things so you can get started right away.
Irina: We've finally arrived... From now on, this island shall be our stage.
Irina: It's the place where you were born, the place where you first learned the joys of flight, and...
Irina: ...the place where you're going to change everything.
Irina: I know you can do it. No, in fact, you're the only one who <i>can</i> do it.
Irina: I've been looking forward to this day for ages...
Irina: Let's change the very air that surrounds this island. Let's transcend the horizon on our wings, and travel beyond the sky itself.
Irina: It is time. Hold nothing back.
★: Chapter 3 Epilogue -- End.
We started having regular meetings at the Kunahama Academy FC Club.
And today, I've gathered everyone before practice.
Madoka: Here you go. That's the up-to-date summarized data on everyone. It has their average times for straight flight, data on their left and right turn speeds, swoops and climbs, Scissors, High Yo-Yos, Low Yo-Yos, and so on.
Masaya: Mhm. Thanks.
Madoka: I've been taught to record anything and everything that could prove useful.
Masaya: You pick that up at the training camp?
Madoka: Yep. I learned a lot from the managers at Takafuji. Anyway, I put lots of work into that, so don't let it go to waste, you hear?
Masaya: No worries. I'll make use of everything I can.
Madoka: Wow, you sound so reliable, Hinata... Keep this up and I may just fall for you!
Masaya: Yeah, no thanks... Actually, there's something I've been wondering.
Madoka: Oh?
Masaya: You're the only one who's still using my last name. Why?
Not like I really care what she calls me, but I'm on a first name basis with everyone else in the club at this point, so it's weird that she's the odd one out.
Madoka: Huh? Why are you bringing that up <i>now?</i> Are you <i>actually</i> into me?
Madoka: Ouch!
Madoka: Hey! Don't flick my hair partition!
Masaya: Seemed like the perfect spot to me... Anyway, I didn't really mean anything by it.
Madoka: Hm, I guess I just went with what felt most comfortable?
Madoka: Oh, but if you insist, I <i>can</i> start using your first name instead.
Masaya: Nah, just keep using my last name.
Madoka: At least pretend to think it over!
I turn my eyes away from Madoka. Don't have time to deal with someone who's clearly not taking this conversation seriously.
We only just gathered a few minutes ago, so they're all chatting the time away right now.
Asuka: Wow, MonEat 4 is already out, huh?
Mashiro: It just released today. Did you ever play 3?
Asuka: No, I hardly ever play games. It just got stuck in my mind because all the commercials I saw looked amazing.
Asuka and Mashiro seem to be talking about video games.
Man, couldn't they have come up with a less silly name than "MonEat"?
Actually, that's probably just an abbreviation, huh?
Asuka: You're into games, then?
Mashiro: Yeah... I like games quite a bit.
Asuka: Oh really?
Mashiro: Y-Yeah...
Shion: So wait, you're saying it's fine for me to bring some weightlifting gear?
Aoi: Yes. Just make sure you store it properly when it's not in use. Don't want someone tripping over a dumbbell and getting hurt, now do we?
Shion: Thanks! I'll be as careful as humanly possible!
Misaki: Oh, then I guess I'll bring the huge, space wasting--
Misaki: Uh, I mean, very useful exercise ball I happen to have.
Aoi: Wow, didn't even try to change course after you spilled the beans, huh? Well, I guess that's just the kind of person you are.
Shion: But an exercise ball might actually be useful.
Misaki: Right? Let's do some trunk training.
Masaya: Alright, that's enough chatting. I need your attention now. I'm starting the meeting.
Masaya: I can tell that you're all a lot more motivated nowadays.
Everyone's been eager to improve since Golden Week.
I was initially worried about the whole thing, but the training camp with Takafuji ended up working out well.
Misaki: <i>Cool.</i>
...Though <i>somebody</i> seems to be the same as always.
Masaya: I'm glad. You're making your coach proud, I swear. And honestly, it's only a matter of time until your match scores reflect your hard work.
Masaya: Let's keep this up until we finish in the summer tournament's top eight.
Asuka: Yes!
Shion: Gotcha!
The two individuals who give energetic replies are the two people who are most motivated.
Real motivation shows in even small exchanges like that. Or well, I'm not doing people who are the strong, silent type justice if I think that way.
Madoka: Okaaay, your manager also has something to say.
Masaya: Go ahead.
Madoka: Um, I don't wanna be a buzzkill after that speech, but the thing is, it's almost the week before midterms.
Masaya: Oh, I see.
Madoka: You forgot?
Masaya: It kinda slipped my mind. Funny, since I definitely thought of it when I put together the practice schedule for May.
I've been having so much fun lately that I totally forgot.
Asuka: Um...
Masaya: What's up?
Asuka: What happens on the week before the tests?
Mashiro: Yeah, tell us. I don't know either.
Mashiro's a freshman and Asuka's a transfer student, so of course they don't know the rules around here.
Masaya: All club activities are suspended three days prior to midterms, and four days prior to finals.
Mashiro: Oh, I see. Guess that makes sense.
Shion: Yeah. Kunahama is a normal school, so they obviously want us to focus on our studies. Maybe it'd be different at Takafuji, since they have sports scholarships and all, but we're not that lucky.
Asuka: Hm, that's a shame. Oh well, I'll have to live with that. I guess studying <i>is</i> also important.
Aoi: You've got the order wrong. Studying is your top priority. I know you find this far more fun, but you'll get in serious trouble if you don't focus on what's most important.
Asuka: What trouble?
Aoi: If you fail a test and then also the make-up exam, you're banned from any club activities. Only way to fix that is to keep taking tests until you finally pass.
Asuka: Whaaaaaat?!
Mashiro: For real?!
Aoi: All of that's in your student handbooks. Have none of you ever looked at it?
Masaya: Let's see here...
Misaki: Come, show me. Share the love!
Mashiro: M-Misaki-senpai, you can use mi--!
Misaki: Oh, it's <i>actually</i> in here.
Mashiro: Kgh...!
Asuka: Wait, you didn't know?
Misaki: I've never been in a club before, remember?
Asuka: But you didn't sound all that surprised.
Misaki: Well, yeah. I've never failed a test in my life, so it's no sweat.
Madoka: Wow, she's pretty amazing, huh?
Some of us just nod like it's no big deal.
And then there are...
Asuka: Uh...
Mashiro: ......
Shion: All you need is spirit! It'll all work out if you do your best!
Club members who visibly grimace, as well as those who start panicking.
Their reactions are more than enough to clue me in on what their grades look like.
Masaya: Why don't we form a study group to help each other out?
Asuka: Sounds fun!
Masaya: Uh, it's not supposed to be fun...
I mean, it's nice when someone enjoys studying, but that kinda person would never even be in danger of failing a test.
Mashiro: If Misaki-senpai is willing to <i>thoroughly</i> tutor me, then... Oh my!
Misaki: Study groups sound great on paper, but do they <i>really</i> help? They feel more like pity parties to me.
Mashiro: Uh... You've got a point there.
Shion: But don't you think one-on-one tutoring is pretty effective? I mean, even cram schools are getting in on that action.
Madoka: Yeah, you absolutely wan-na-one of that tutoring.
Masaya: Madoka. That makes zero sense.
And I'm guessing that's a trend for things in her brain.
Misaki: Well, if you wanna make a study group, I'll play along.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Masaya: She's just saying she's following her coach's advice. Quit glaring at me, Mashiro.
Mashiro's pointed gaze forces an awkward answer out of me.
Masaya: Well, we'll talk more once we get closer to midterms.
There's something else I wanted to talk about... What was it again...? I know I wrote it down somewhere...
Masaya: (Oh, right.)
I remember. I wanted to suggest that Mashiro change her playstyle.
Glad I remember, but...
Mashiro: ......
Talk about bad timing.
It's a sensitive topic, so I wanted the timing to be just right.
Hm... Maybe she's feeling better than she looks? Let's put that to the test.
Masaya: Mashiro.
Mashiro: Yeah, what?
A perfectly calm response.
And yet, I feel like I'm being stabbed by icy daggers as she speaks to me.
Well, that makes sense. Guess I shouldn't have expected her to warm up to me so fast after our last exchange.
Masaya: Back to what we were just talking about, do you want me to tutor you?
Mashiro: No thanks. There's no need for that.
Masaya: I see.
Yeah, this <i>really</i> doesn't seem to be the right time.
Right now, I'll just focus on improving her mood and...
Masaya: Hm?
Asuka: ......
Asuka?
Asuka: ......
Masaya: Need something?
What's with that expectant gaze?
Asuka: ......
Masaya: What's wrong, Asuka? Come on, speak up.
Asuka: ......
Asuka: No, it's nothing.
What? Now she's sulking? Why all of a sudden?!
Madoka: "You aren't going to ask me?"
Asuka: Oh! M-Madoka-chan!
Masaya: Huh?
Misaki: Leave it at that, Masaya. Let's get practice started before you embarrass yourself again.
Misaki pats me on my shoulder as she says that.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Hey, wait...
I decided to improve Mashiro's mood, but it's soured already, and I haven't even done anything yet!
Well, whatever. Let's forget about that for now.
Masaya: Right. Let's get started.
I'll bring up changing playstyles when Mashiro's in a better mood.
No clue when that'll be, but beggars can't be choosers.
Mashiro: Uh... Ouch!
Misaki: Hm?
Asuka: Mashiro-chan?
The players are all coming down to the beach after I told them it was time for a break.
However, Mashiro suddenly hunches over in pain.
Mashiro: It hurts...
Shion: Hinata! Madoka! Get over here!
Masaya: What happened?!
I hurry over to them, since Prez's desperate voice suggests that it's something serious.
Mashiro: I felt a bit dizzy when I was landing, which made my foot come down at a weird angle.
Madoka: Let me check it. Can you take off your Grav Shoes?
Mashiro: Yeah. Mhm... Ouch!
Madoka: Take it slow and easy.
Mashiro: Ngh...!
Putting on and taking off Grav Shoes is similar to dealing with ski boots.
Though, I guess that means "detaching" is a more fitting term than "taking off."
Mashiro pulls off her Grav Shoes in an exaggerated manner, leaving her porcelain white bare foot exposed to the air.
Mashiro: U-Um...
Misaki: Turn away, guys.
Urged by Misaki, Prez and I turn to look in the opposite direction.
Masaya: It's not like I was trying to stare...
Shion: Well, let's leave Arisaka to Madoka. I'm sure she'll take good care of her.
Yeah, sounds like a plan.
Man, you can <i>really</i> tell they're siblings at times like these.
Madoka: Let's see... I'm an amateur, so I don't want to touch it too much.
Madoka: ...Yeah, there doesn't seem to any internal bleeding. Plus, your muscles seem just fine.
Madoka: How bad's the pain?
Mashiro: It stings a little, but it's not unbearable.
Madoka: Then I guess we can rule out any bone damage or tears.
Madoka: Still, you should <i>definitely</i> get checked out at a hospital... Or what, do you think Ms. Kagami can handle that?
Masaya: ......
Madoka: Hinata-kuuun? I'm speaking to you.
Masaya: O-Oh, sorry.
Madoka: What's wrong?
Masaya: Nothing. Just surprised to see that you're doing such a good job.
Shion: Mhm. Makes sense.
Madoka: Hey! How can you two be so rude?!
Asuka: You're amazing, Madoka-chan!
Madoka: HEHEHE! You're not the only ones who leveled up during that training camp.
Madoka: I know absolutely everything now! I've mastered keeping score, giving massages, treating injuries, and even washing flight suits!
Asuka: Wow!
Madoka: My secret? Well, there's a certain code I live by... Just! Google! It!
Masaya: ......
Shion: ......
Asuka: Oh, she's actually holding her phone...
Misaki: Well, she <i>has</i> been a big help.
Madoka: I know, <i>right?!</i> Thanks for the compliment. Much appreciated!
Mashiro: Um, what am I supposed to... Ouch!
Madoka: Oh! Sorry.
She ended up killing what little faith we had in her... Oh well, that's our Madoka.
Madoka: So anyway, do you think Ms. Kagami can check her foot?
Masaya: No way. I mean, she can treat her injuries, but she obviously can't diagnose anything. We're gonna need an actual doctor for that.
Madoka: Mashirocchi, do you have your insurance card on you? Wait, why am I even asking? You obviously don't. Guess we'll have to stop by your place first...
Masaya: I'll handle that. You stay with Mashiro.
Mashiro: Oh, no, there's no need for me to head to the hospital. I think it's just a sprain.
Masaya: But...
Mashiro: I'm glad you're worried about me, but I'm fine.
Mashiro: Don't hold up practice because of my carelessness.
Masaya: ......
I get where she's coming from.
I mean, no one ever wants to burden others.
However, she shouldn't put herself at risk of further injury because of that desire.
Masaya: Mashiro.
I look Mashiro dead in the eye.
Then, I gather my resolve and decide to speak in a firm tone.
Masaya: Let's go to the hospital.
Mashiro: No.
...Guess I failed.
Mashiro: Oh, I just said no instinctively because the request came from you... Um, forget I ever said that.
One clearly wasn't enough, since she delivers a second blow.
...Does she actually hate me?
Misaki: Oh, <i>come on.</i> Don't be so stubborn. Masaya's worried about you too.
Mashiro: Worried about me <i>too?</i>
Misaki: Huh? Uh... That's not what I mean!
Misaki's response is super awkward. Guess she's embarrassed.
Mashiro: Got it. I'll head straight to the hospital!
Misaki: Well, uh... good for you?
Madoka: Okay, I'll tag along.
Masaya: Thanks. I'll go report this to Ms. Kagami.
Probably best if I keep out of her way for now.
Mashiro stumbles to her feet while leaning on Madoka's shoulder.
Madoka: Sorry that you have to settle for me instead of Misaki.
Mashiro: It's fine. I don't want her to waste her practice time on me. If anything, I have to thank you, Aoyagi-senpai.
Mashiro: And also...
Mashiro turns her head in my direction.
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro gives me a somewhat awkward bow, then heads off to the hospital.
One moment she's acting all cold, and then the next she's bowing to me.
How am I supposed to interpret that?
Shion: Well, things like that happen all the time. Don't worry about it.
Prez claps my back to cheer me up.
Seems like he's misunderstanding the situation. I'm not depressed because Mashiro got injured under my watch...
Still, I <i>do</i> appreciate the thought.
Masaya: You're wrong.
Shion: Hm? About what, exactly?
Masaya: Well, um, I wasn't thinking about her injury. I was just wondering if she hates me.
And honestly, that thought is nothing new.
I mean, she's always polite, sometimes even to a fault, so that isn't an issue.
But all our conversations feel sort of empty, like they lack any real emotion... Kinda makes me think she's forcing herself to talk to me.
Up until recently, that didn't really matter. We never spent much time together, so I never once worried about it.
However, now that I'm her coach, the distance between us is making my life more difficult.
And I've finally reached a point where I'm sure I know what's wrong.
Namely, that Mashiro doesn't really like me.
Asuka: Huh? Are you sure?
Shion: Well, it's normal for girls her age to rebel against authority. You're her coach, so that puts you at the top of that list!
Misaki: Maybe you're right, but isn't it more that she thinks me and Masaya have something going on?
Shion: Yeah, that's probably the main reason.
Masaya: ......
Asuka: O-Oh god, he looks dead inside!
No one other than Asuka is surprised by the claim, which means I'm probably right.
Hell, they even think she hates me for the exact same reason I do.
Asuka: Masaya-san, k-keep trying!
Masaya: ...Thanks, Asuka. I'll be fine. Don't worry.
Asuka's sudden attempt to cheer me up actually helps a little.
Man, it's way easier to coach someone who's this straightforward...
Shion: Hinata, don't try to handle everything on your own.
Masaya: Huh?
Shion: You're doing a great job, okay? Still, don't forget to rely on us once in a while. I know you're our coach, but you're a year younger than me. Let me support you when I can.
Shion: Sure, you're the same age, or even a year older, than some of us, but my point still stands.
Shion: You aren't just our coach. We're all friends here, so it's okay to ask us for help. In fact, we want you to!
Masaya: Prez...
He's blowing things out of proportion, but his words are quite soothing.
Shion: Well, at the end of the day, my muscles can take care of any problem, so you've got nothing to worry about! HAHAHA!
No, maybe soothing wasn't the right word there. Only Prez would ever find talking about muscles comforting.
Asuka: That's right, Masaya-san! I'll do whatever I can to help you out in your time of need!
Asuka chimes in with an excited tone.
Masaya: Th-Thanks...
Asuka's going kind of overboard, but that honestly suits her.
Asuka: You wanna get along with Mashiro-chan, right? Well, that's easy! Just do it!
Asuka: Like, when you just can't seem to fly, but you really wanna fly, you get out there and fly anyway!
Masaya: ...Haha! True.
Honestly, that makes no sense, but her enthusiasm is contagious.
And I can't say I hate that.
Misaki: 'Kay, then I'll get going.
Masaya: Hey, wait... Where do you think you're going?
Misaki: Well, you wanna get along with Mashiro, right? I figure it'll work out better if I stay away.
Well, Misaki <i>is</i> the number one reason Mashiro hates me.
But taking her out of the equation won't solve anything. I mean, we can't just avoid each other forever!
Plus, I know that's not why Misaki's trying to leave.
Masaya: You can't fool me. You just wanna skip practice, don't you?
That's my biggest worry when it comes to Misaki.
Misaki: That's <i>totally</i> not true... It's not. I swear. Maybe.
Masaya: At least try to sound more convincing.
She's <i>really</i> bad at lying.
Maybe this isn't the best time to bring up my concerns, but as they say, there's no time like the present.
Masaya: Misaki...
Masaya: Can't you work a little harder?
It's not like she's being lazy, but I can tell she's holding back.
That really makes me wonder if her heart is in it at all. Does Misaki actually enjoy FC?
Misaki: I am. I'm already doing my best here.
Masaya: No, you aren't. I mean, back when you faced Shindou-san--
I stop before I finish that sentence.
Misaki: ......
Misaki looks rather annoyed right now, which is rare for her.
Guess this wasn't the right time to bring that up.
Masaya: Misaki...
Misaki: I'm trying in my own way... I get why you're so concerned, but lay off.
Masaya: Look, at least tell me what the problem is. If you don't--
Misaki: 'Kay, I'm going.
Masaya: Hey, wait up! We aren't done here!
I can't just let her go off on her own when she's clearly upset.
Misaki: See you tomorrow.
Unfortunately, Misaki disregards my words and flies off.
Masaya: ...Okay, this is for the best.
Forcing her to stay will just kill the mood and ruin practice for everyone else.
Besides, maybe she has an actual reason for wanting to leave.
Misaki: Glad you understand. That's why I like you so much.
Masaya: Don't say things you don't mean.
Misaki: See ya!
Misaki casually waves her hand at me as I watch her leave.
Asuka: Masaya-san.
Asuka has approached me.
Asuka: Don't you think Misaki-chan wants to go check on Mashiro-chan?
Masaya: Oh... Yeah, maybe.
How'd I miss that? I'm an idiot. Makes sense that she's too embarrassed to tell us that's what she wants to do.
However, Mashiro said she didn't want Misaki to waste practice time.
So the way I see it, not finishing practice is actually the wrong choice on Misaki's part.
...You know, this just goes to show that my relationship with Misaki is pretty rocky too.
Great. Just great.
Asuka: I'm sure that's the case!
Asuka snaps me out of my thoughts with those words, then looks up at me with sparkling eyes and a beaming smile.
Masaya: ...Yeah, I hope so.
I respond with a smile of my own.
Masaya: Okay, only you two are left, but we'll continue our practice anyway.
Shion: I wouldn't want it any other way!
Asuka: Yes!
Misaki: Ah!
Misaki: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...!
Misaki: I couldn't win... I lost again...
Misaki: Takafuji's... president...
Misaki: Ugh!
Misaki: One more time...
Misaki: Huh?!
Misaki: Who's there?
Masaya: You looked good out there, but you're gonna tire yourself out at this rate.
Misaki: Masaya?
Misaki is surprised to see me.
Of course she is.
After Misaki left early, we carried on and finished practice, so it's been quite a while. Plus, this spot is near Misaki's place, which is nowhere near my house.
Masaya: Why don't you try doing that during practice? I can actually throw a couple pointers your way if you do.
Misaki: ......
Misaki has a grave look on her face.
Masaya: Who were you imagining as your opponent there?
She was darting about wildly in an attempt to keep up with some invisible opponent.
Since she said she lost "again," maybe it was Shindou-san?
Misaki: ...No one special. I've just had this urge to fly lately, and I feel like I'll go crazy if I don't.
I'm guessing "lately" means "since the training camp with Takafuji."
I wasn't completely convinced a moment ago, but based on her reaction, I can tell she was shadowboxing with Shindou-san.
Masaya: Then do that during practice. And also, apologize to Asuka tomorrow.
Misaki: Why?
Masaya: Because she believed in you.
She refused to even entertain the thought that Misaki was skipping practice.
Though, to be fair, solo practice isn't exactly skipping...
Misaki: Not sure what you mean, but if it's about me skipping practice, I'll apologize tomorrow... Anyway, I'm gonna head home now.
Her words are calm, but her expression is pretty cold.
Masaya: I'm sorry for showing up out of the blue. You didn't answer your phone, so I called your place and your grandmother told me I could probably find you here.
Misaki: Grandma told you?
Her stern expression softens at the mention of her grandmother.
Actually, I missed one step there. I called Madoka first to confirm that Misaki didn't go visit Mashiro.
Misaki: Hrm... Why'd you come to see me?
Masaya: About that...
I straighten my posture even though we're mid-air, and then...
Masaya: Please, Misaki! Help me win over Mashiro!
I bow my head to her.
Misaki: ...Huh?
Misaki's eyes widen in surprise. Guess she wasn't expecting that.
Misaki: Uh, right... You're basically asking me to help you become friends, yeah?
Masaya: Oh, yeah. Sorry if I gave you the wrong idea.
Misaki: Nah, that's fine. Honestly, the thought of you and Mashiro hooking up is pretty damn funny.
Misaki chuckles to herself.
Misaki: You know she doesn't like you <i>because</i> we spend so much time together, right?
Masaya: That's exactly why you're the only one I can turn to for help. Keeping you at arm's length won't change anything at this point.
Misaki: But won't getting closer to me add fuel to the fire?
Masaya: I mean, I'm not trying to get all buddy-buddy... I just need some advice.
Masaya: You know Mashiro better than anyone, so you're the perfect choice.
Misaki: I get where you're coming from, but what's with the sudden change in tune?
Masaya: Well, Prez told me I should rely on you guys more, which makes sense to me.
I probably seem like a total loser right now, but I can't let my worries hold me back.
Misaki: Well, if I'm the cause, then there's a simple solution.
Masaya: And that is?
Misaki: We make it so Mashiro doesn't have to worry anymore. Though, that probably means I'll have to start dating her.
I stare at Misaki in shock. Is she serious?
Masaya: ...Would you want to do that?
Misaki: No. I mean, I don't even know if she herself seriously wants that.
Masaya: Oh, okay.
For some reason, I feel a little relieved.
Masaya: Actually, I've been wondering...
Misaki: Mhm?
Masaya: What <i>is</i> your relationship, exactly?
Misaki: That's actually a bit of a hard question. I kinda get a headache just thinking about it.
Misaki: I do like her... but she doesn't always understand the meaning of personal boundaries, if you know what I mean.
Masaya: How'd you two first meet?
Maybe knowing that will help somehow.
Misaki: Sorry, but you're gonna have to ask her for that info. That's not something I can share on my own.
Masaya: I see.
Misaki: Anyway, I think trust is something you build up over time. Just keep talking to her until you get along.
Masaya: I hope that works...
If I keep trying, I'll close the distance between us someday. Though, that's only in the best case scenario.
Misaki: My guess is that you guys just haven't spent enough time together.
Misaki: I mean, you haven't actually done anything wrong, so it'll get better with enough time. Problem is, we can't afford to wait.
Misaki: Plus, even though you've done nothing wrong, she already kinda hates you 'cause of me.
Masaya: Yep, she probably doesn't even wanna talk to me. Man, what a pain... Gotta say, though...
Misaki: Hm?
Masaya: You seem to be enjoying yourself.
To be honest, I expected her to find my cry for help annoying.
Misaki: Do I? Weird...
She seems to be lost in thought right now.
Misaki: Hm... Guess I am.
Misaki: It's just fun seeing you beg me for help. Like, we've known each other for how long, and this is the first time you've ever done it! Always kinda figured you were too proud to ever come to me for advice.
Masaya: Do you hate me too?!
Misaki: Nah, I swear I like you!
Kinda hard to accept that right now...
Misaki: Say, what do I get for helping you?
She could at least pretend to care about something other than the reward!
Masaya: How about I reward you based on your results? You'll get as much udon as your work deserves.
Misaki: Guess I've got no choice... Time to pull out my last resort!
Glad that upped her motivation.
Masaya: Uh, and your last resort is what, exactly?
What does she mean?
Masaya: Hey, where are we going?
Misaki: Just trust me!
Apparently Misaki's "last resort" has something to do with pudding, since she made me buy her some at a convenience store.
And now she's taking me to some other strange place.
Hm, this isn't anywhere near her house...
Misaki: We're landing here.
Masaya: Huh? This is...
Seriously, where are we?
Masaya: You want me to pay upfront?
Misaki: That's fine by me, but I brought you here for another reason.
Misaki giggles as she says that.
Misaki: Just follow me and you'll understand.
Okay, now we've actually entered the place.
Botan: Welcome... Oh, it's you, Misaki-chan. Hello.
Misaki: Hi, Botan-san.
A young waitress approaches us. Seems like they're acquainted.
Botan: Oh my?
The young woman finally notices me.
Botan: Oh my, oh my, oh my. What do we have here?
Botan: ...Your boyfriend?
The waitress covers her mouth with the tray in her hand as she asks Misaki that question.
Not that it matters, but I can hear every single word she's saying...
Misaki: <i>Unfortunately,</i> he isn't.
Misaki casually answers her in a sarcastic tone.
Botan: I see. What a pity. So, what udon will it be today?
Misaki: ...Kgh!
Botan: ...Misaki-chan?
Masaya: Misaki?
Misaki: ......
Cold sweat erupts from her body, her breathing grows heavy, her body starts to quiver, and her eyes even become teary.
She seems to be struggling real hard here, which has me confused.
Misaki: N-Nothing for now. Later.
Botan: Oh, are you sure?
Can't believe it's this hard for her to say no to udon.
Pretty lame that Misaki's more flustered by that question than when the waitress asked if I was her boyfriend. Kind of hurts, even.
Masaya: Why are you holding back? Just go get something.
Misaki: Don't get in the way of my grand, once in a lifetime sacrifice.
Oh, <i>come on!</i> You can't be serious...
Misaki: Anyway, um... is she back home?
Botan: Oh my, were you worried about her? It's nothing serious, apparently. She should be back any moment now.
Worried? Nothing serious?
Something about that sounds awfully familiar...
Botan: Do you want to wait upstairs?
Misaki: Oh, can we?
Botan: Of course. Should I bring up some tea or juice?
Misaki: Nah, we should be fine.
Okay, I'm officially lost.
Botan: ......
Masaya: Huh?
Botan: ......
Masaya: ......
I hurriedly bow in response to her smile, then quickly follow after Misaki to keep myself from getting left behind.
Masaya: Whoa...
I don't even know how to describe this room.
It's not messy per se, but there's so much stuff around that it definitely comes off that way.
Misaki: What, not gonna come in?
Masaya: I have a bad feeling about this.
Misaki: What's the plan, then? Gonna just wait out in the hallway?
Masaya: No, I'm coming.
Urged on by her a second time, I step into the room.
Misaki: Wanna play something?
Masaya: Uh...
I already feel bad about entering the room, so there's no way I can just casually play games in here without even knowing who the owner is.
I look around the room again, and other than consoles that are sprawled across the floor, there are a ton of plushies in different sizes that all share a similar design.
It's a cat-like creature that has "Vile God" written on it.
Misaki: Oh, that? What was it again? It's a pet you can get in a game called "MonEat." It helps you out and fights alongside you and stuff.
So, why is it called "Vile God," exactly?
...Nah, that's probably something I'm better off not knowing.
Masaya: You sure seem to know a lot about this stuff...
Misaki: Yeah. She always hands me a console and whatever games she likes whenever new stuff comes out, so I've played a bunch of them.
Misaki: Apparently she's got no one else to play with. Makes sense, since she's always hiding her real personality, pretending to be a nice, normal girl.
Masaya: ......
Shit, don't tell me...
Masaya: Where exactly are we? I mean, this obviously isn't your place.
Misaki: Huh, didn't I mention? This is Mashiro's room.
Masaya: I knew it!
I bolt out of the room.
Misaki: What's wrong?
Masaya: That makes perfect sense! I mean, the room has a refined aura of elegance and class!
I compliment the room in an attempt to paint over my mistake.
Misaki: Didn't you go "whoa" right after you saw it?
Masaya: Don't tell her! Promise you won't say anything to Mashiro, okay?!
I'm not just acting. I'm <i>super</i> desperate here.
Misaki: It's all good. You got some pudding at the convenience store, right? The one with fresh cream on top that she really loves.
Masaya: You made me buy a present for her?!
The plastic bag from the convenience store is in my hand as I flail about randomly, but after hearing that, I gently set it down.
Misaki: That girl also loves corn, but it's gonna take until at least June to harvest the ones Grandma's growing.
Masaya: Listen, I'm not worried about the state of her room, you hear? The real problem is that I just took a good look at all her stuff without her permission!
Misaki: Aren't you overreacting?
Can you blame me?
I mean, I made a similar mistake before, which ended pretty poorly...
Masaya: Anyway, I'm out of here.
Misaki: For real? But I figured you could have a heart-to-heart talk with her in her room.
Masaya: If anything, it'll be a dagger-to-heart talk.
Misaki: Oh, that was kinda clever.
Masaya: This isn't funny. Look, you wouldn't like it if I just barged into your room, right?
Misaki: I wouldn't care.
Masaya: Well, aren't we special.
Misaki: Listen, Botan-san said we could go upstairs.
Masaya: And you should have politely declined.
Actually, now that I think about it, Mashiro's sister must have thought we came to check on Mashiro, since she got injured earlier.
Ugh, I messed up. As her coach, I should have apologized to her family right away.
We're past that point now, though.
Misaki: ...You think Mashiro will be mad?
Masaya: If she finds out, yeah.
I can't tell whether she'll snap or cry, but I'm sure it'll be bad either way.
Misaki: Oh...
Misaki: What now?
Misaki quietly drops her shoulders.
Wait, she's seriously sad about all this?
Misaki usually treats Mashiro quite coldly, but maybe she actually cares a whole lot about her. She could just be showing affection in her own weird way.
It's real hard to tell, though.
Masaya: I'm sorry.
Having returned downstairs with Misaki and finding that there happens to be no customers around, I apologize to Botan-san without a moment's delay.
Botan: Oh my, what are you talking about?
I explain that it's for both not introducing myself earlier and letting Mashiro get injured.
Botan: Oh, that's quite alright. Don't worry about it.
According to what she said, Mashiro herself, Madoka, and Aoi-san already informed her of Mashiro getting injured.
Botan: Besides, from what I've been told, it was her fault. And when I asked, she even admitted as much.
Masaya: But...
Botan: Her mother is forgiving you, so you should just move on, okay, Masaya-senpai?
Masaya: Huh?
Botan: Mashiro's been talking about her club a lot lately. And when she does, she always mentions that you're a really nice coach.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: ......
She was actually talking me up at home?
Here I was under the impression she didn't like me... Or wait, is her mother just lying to make me feel better?
While I'm standing there, feeling kind of awkward...
Botan: Mashiro seems to be having a great time, so keep up the good work.
With that, she bows her head to me.
Masaya: Also, Botan-san...
Botan: What is it?
Masaya: ...I'm surprised you aren't actually Mashiro's sister.
Botan: Oh my, what a nice compliment. Have some of our udon. It's on the house.
I'm not trying to flatter her, I swear.
No matter how I look at her, she doesn't seem anywhere old enough to be Mashiro's mother. Mashiro looks young for her age too, and that still isn't enough to change things in my mind.
Before answering, I bow one more time and--
Mashiro: I'm home.
The sudden arrival of someone makes me hurriedly raise my head.
There were no customers before now, so it wasn't a problem, but it could spark weird rumors if someone saw me standing around with my head bowed.
Mashiro: ...Masaya-senpai?
Turns out it's not a customer, but a wide-eyed Mashiro.
Mashiro: H-Hey, what are you doing?! Stop!
She quickly approaches us, making sure she doesn't put weight on her injured foot.
Masaya: Whoa, careful! Don't push yourself!
Mashiro: It's your fault for doing something like this!
I try to stop her, but she ignored me and reaches us in short order.
She isn't using crutches, and I don't see a cast either.
Hm, maybe it was taped together? They could have just bandaged it, too.
Well, I'm just glad the injury isn't anything too serious. That's a relief.
But that aside...
Masaya: Uh, what are you telling me to stop doing, exactly?
Mashiro: Knowing you, you were saying my injury was all your fault and apologizing, right? Well, don't.
Masaya: Uh...
She's right on the money. Botan-san literally just pointed that out a moment ago as well.
Guess that one moment she saw me bowing my head to Botan-san told the whole story.
Mashiro: I'm to blame, not you, so quit beating yourself up over it.
Masaya: Um, I'm sorry. I didn't really think things through.
Botan: Mashiro.
Botan-san calls out to Mashiro in an admonishing manner. I'm guessing she doesn't like her harsh tone.
Mashiro stares back at her sharply, seemingly getting ready to argue--
Mashiro: ...Oh great, I've done it again.
But her anger deflates like a balloon.
Mashiro: I'm sorry. I really do understand that you had good intentions...
Masaya: Huh...?
Seeing Mashiro acting all polite throws me for a loop.
Misaki: Mashiro...
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai?! You're here?!
How unusual. Seems Mashiro's only just noticed Misaki.
Misaki: What'd the doc say?
Mashiro: It's a light sprain. It'll heal up within a week.
Misaki: I see. Glad to hear it's nothing serious.
Mashiro: Did you come to check up on me because you were worried?
Misaki: Nope, I just tagged along with Masaya.
A little bit of lip service wouldn't have hurt, yet Misaki just tells her the truth.
Man, like I thought earlier, she's usually pretty cold to Mashiro.
Mashiro: You were with Masaya-senpai...
Ugh...
And now that Misaki's involved, I have a feeling Mashiro's going to get upset.
However...
Mashiro: I'm sorry, Misaki-senpai. Can you let me talk to Masaya-senpai on my own...?
Misaki: Aight, then I'm leaving. I only came 'cause of Masaya anyway.
Mashiro: I see... That's a bit of a shame, but okay.
Things have taken a very different turn.
Misaki: Later, Masaya. Good luck.
Mashiro: Masaya-senpai. Over here.
Masaya: Y-Yeah.
Before I've fully grasped the situation, I end up sitting across from Mashiro at a corner table.
Botan: Welcome.
Customers have also started to appear, which makes this all feel even more weird.
Mashiro: I don't really know where to begin...
Mashiro seems to be having a hard time, as her eyes dart about and her fingers fidget in place.
Mashiro: ...Uh!
Then, apparently finally having gathered her resolve...
Mashiro: Please wait a moment.
Masaya: Uh, Mashiro?
She dashes upstairs after saying that.
Masaya: What's she up to...
Masaya: Um, that's...
I see one of those "Vile God" plushies I saw in Mashiro's room in the chair across from me.
Mashiro: Test. Can you hear me?
Mashiro's voice comes from the plushie.
Man, this is weird.
Seems like she put a phone with an ongoing call under it.
Masaya: Are you seriously using that plushie as a proxy?
I ask as I turn to face the thing.
Masaya: Look, I'm having a hard time taking this seriously. Can't you just come back?
Mashiro: No.
That was... fast.
Mashiro: Listen, just leave all you doubts behind and talk to the plushie.
Masaya: Uh...
Mashiro: You're talking to Doommeow, not me. Understand?
Masaya: O-Okay.
I feel like it'd be fun to tease her about it, but now's clearly not the time.
Honestly, this whole thing with the plushie is actually kind of cute.
Mashiro: Well then, let me hear what you have to say.
Personally, I hope the conversation's just as cute, but that's not likely.
Masaya: Okay, then to start things off, I'm sorry.
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: You're so upset with me that you don't even want to see my face, right?
I assume that's one of the reasons she doesn't want to talk to me directly.
In that case, it's better to get it out of the way, yeah?
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Mashiro?
Mashiro: W-Well, I suppose that's also a factor.
To my surprise, Mashiro stammers a bit.
Botan: She's simply feeling embarrassed.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: Mooom!
Botan: Here, I've brought you some tea.
Mashiro's mother places a cup of tea on the table as she says that.
Botan: I'm sure she just doesn't want you to see her with a bright red face.
Mashiro: Heeey! Mooom!
Botan: Do forgive her. She's quite a shy girl, you see.
Mashiro: Stop it...!
Botan: Come now, there's no reason to start crying. He doesn't even seem all that upset.
Mashiro: Really...?
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro suddenly pokes her head out when she hears that.
Mashiro: Ah!
But then, she immediately hides again.
Botan: Made you look!
Mashiro: Mooom! Just go away already!
Botan: You're so adorable, Mashiro!
Mashiro: Cut it out!
Mashiro's mom moves the plushie's arms up and down.
Those aren't the real Mashiro's arms, but for whatever reason, she's acting like they are.
Mashiro: Mooom!
Botan: Fiiine.
Mashiro's acting like a child right now. Guess that's just how people are around their parents.
Mashiro: ...Uh, where were we?
In the end, Mashiro comes out to talk to me directly.
So wait, what was even the point of using Doommeow in the first place?
Mashiro: Right, what brought you here today?
Masaya: I just wanted to check up on you.
Masaya: Or actually, no.
Mashiro: Hm?
Should I just be honest here?
Will it cause any problems if I tell her I want us to get along better?
...Yeah, who am I kidding? It'd be <i>really</i> creepy.
Still, I won't get anywhere if she doesn't know how I feel, so I've got no choice.
It's for our club.
If this doesn't work for Mashiro, I'll just have to search for a different way.
Masaya: I want us to get closer.
Mashiro: ...What?
Masaya: Oh, don't misunderstand. I only mean as fellow club members.
Yeah, honesty is the best policy.
I wonder how she'll react...
Mashiro: I see. I understand.
Mashiro: Wow, thank you. I've also been thinking the exact same thing. Friends, yeah. Sounds great.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: I'm glad we're getting the chance to become good friends!
Masaya: G-Great!
A smile appears on Mashiro's face.
However, I sense a bit of melancholy behind it, almost as if she feels lonely.
Maybe she's still mad at me. Maybe she just wants to be done with conversation.
Or maybe she actually means it, and I'm reading too deeply into things.
Oh, who cares. I just need to trust her.
Masaya: Okay.
Mashiro: ...Huh?
Masaya: Let's work on that starting tomorrow. Also, I'll say this one last time. Sorry about today.
I start to get up.
Mashiro: H-Hold on!
Masaya: Mhm?
Mashiro: I wasn't going to say anything, but, um...
Masaya: Hm?
She seems sort of hesitant about saying whatever's on the tip of her tongue.
Mashiro: There's something I'd like to ask.
Masaya: Go right ahead.
Mashiro: Um, I don't quite know how to best describe it, but you almost seem kind of like an adult? Oh, I'm not talking about maturity, or saying I look up to you, or anything.
Thanks for always going out of your way to inflict that extra bit of damage, Mashiro!
Mashiro: It's like you're playing on NewGame+, I guess?
Mashiro: You just seem bored by everything. I keep asking myself if there are actually things you're <i>really</i> interested in. Things that get you all excited and passionate, you know?
Masaya: Ah...
Mashiro: ...Senpai?
Mashiro calls out to me in a questioning tone.
Mashiro: Did I... go too far?
Masaya: Oh, no, it's fine.
The damage has been already done, so there's no point complaining now.
Mashiro: Really?
Masaya: Yeah, you just surprised me there. I never dreamed that was what you thought of me.
Mashiro: Ah...!
She seems surprised.
Guess I touched a sore spot.
Crap. She must feel as bad as I do right now.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: You okay?
Mashiro: To be honest...
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: To be honest, I actually have some more stuff I want to say, but I don't really know you all that well, so it would probably be too mean.
Masaya: You can't be serious. You're saying you've got <i>even worse</i> things to say about me...?
I'm scared...
Mashiro: That's why I'm giving you this.
Masaya: Huh?
Before I know it, Mashiro is holding out her hand to me.
And that hand is holding... a PSQ.
Masaya: But...
Mashiro: Don't worry about it. I've got three of them.
Masaya: Why do you have three? Wait, that's beside the point.
Mashiro: FC hasn't really brought us closer, so isn't it about time we try something different?
Masaya: I suck at video games.
Mashiro: And I suck at FC. I mean, I go to a training camp and I'm not even given the time of day!
She looks pretty upset.
Hold on, is she actually mad about what happened back then?
Masaya: Still...
Mashiro: Well, just give it a try. Think of it as punishment for showing up here and apologizing for something that wasn't your fault.
Masaya: Punishment?
Mashiro: Doing something you suck at. Make sure you play lots, okay?
Masaya: ......
Well, I guess it'll work as common ground if I do.
Masaya: Got it.
And so, Mashiro hands me her PSQ in a somewhat forceful manner.
After that, I leave Mashiro's place and make my way back home.
I'm not quite sure whether our relationship has improved, but oh well.
Masaya: Should be a positive development, I think...?
Gazing at the PSQ she gave me, I force myself to believe that.
Masaya: ...Guess I should stop here.
I finish studying early and pull out Mashiro's present.
Masaya: Hm...
I sit down with Mashiro's PSQ in my hands.
To be honest, I'm not exactly excited to use this thing.
Mashiro: "You just seem bored by everything. I keep asking myself if there are actually things you're <i>really</i> interested in. Things that get you all excited and passionate, you know?"
Masaya: Man, she sure didn't mince words.
I get up and head over to my dresser as a wry smile rises to my face.
I rummage around the drawer with all my stuff in it, then pull something out from the back.
Grav Shoes that are now too small for me to wear.
I told myself I would never take them out again, yet here I am, doing exactly that. This has been happening a lot lately.
Masaya: ...Is it still weighing down on my mind?
I honestly don't know the answer to that question at this point.
Back then, my anger was so intense that it took my breath away, and it mixed with other emotions to form a deep bog within my mind. Simply looking at these shoes made me unable to stand.
But now, all I'm feeling is a tightness in my chest.
...And that kind of makes me feel sad.
It's all in the past now. I mean, sure, I'm involved with FC again, but it's not the same.
However, now that I think about it, I haven't been all that passionate about anything since I quit FC.
I wasn't doing it on a conscious level, but maybe I was, in a way, putting on the brakes.
And maybe, just maybe, that's also true for my job as a coach.
Masaya: Guess I'll try and get absorbed in something again.
Mashiro's gift is a good opportunity for me to get out of my comfort zone.
I should give it a shot.
Masaya: ...Hm, actually, maybe I should check a guide first?
I doubt I'm going to like it that much, but it's better to have a plan in mind if you want to make effective progress.
I turn on my computer.
Masaya: Oh, I got a new email.
After reading it, I type my reply.
......
............
Rika: Hinata-san?
After I go back and forth over email, I hear a voice from the window.
Masaya: Good evening, Ichinose.
She was the one who emailed me.
We'd been exchanging pictures that were taken during the training camp.
Rika: Phew, I'm glad this worked out.
She seems awfully relieved.
Masaya: What's that all about?
Rika: Oh, it's just, we usually talk face to face with our windows open, so I was worried that maybe you were sick or something.
Masaya: ...You really mean that?
Rika: Yeah... Why wouldn't I?
Masaya: Oh, no, nevermind.
Seems my earlier experience with Mashiro has made me develop a slight distrust of women.
Well, I doubt I have to worry about Ichinose at all.
Masaya: Thanks for worrying about me.
Rika: Oh, don't thank me. If anything, I should be apologizing for interrupting you.
Masaya: Sure, I was in the middle of something, but I'm probably the worse offender between the two of us.
Rika: Oh?
Masaya: I've kinda come to realize that it's not a good idea to peek into a girl's room just because we happen to be neighbors.
Rika: You've been peeking in on my room?
Masaya: Of course not! I'd never do something like that!
Rika: Right.
Ichinose nods, clearly believing my words.
Rika: Besides, I've already prepared my defenses.
Does she mean wearing shorts under her skirts or what?
Rika: Though, it'd still be a problem if you decided to strip me forcefully...
Masaya: I can't apologize enough for that.
When she brings that up, all I can do is apologize.
Rika: Hehehe. I'm kidding.
Masaya: Well, I'm not.
Rika: I know. And that's <i>exactly</i> why I trust you.
Masaya: ...Thanks.
This girl is very simple and honest.
It'd be nice if a certain someone learned a few things from her.
Rika: So tell me, why did you suddenly start to worry about peeking in on a girl's room?
Masaya: Well, um, you could say something close to that happened... Something that made me want to do better, basically.
Rika: What do you mean?
Masaya: Uh, let's just say I got the chance to enter a girl's room...
Rika: Ah...!
Ichinose seems to be at a loss for words.
Masaya: ...Ichinose?
Rika: How could you! Eying up a girl's room is just...!
Rika: I-I mean, I'm sure it took Asuka-san a lot of courage to invite you, but...
Masaya: Wait. Hold on. I feel like you're totally misreading the situation.
She's probably assuming that I'm either going over to Asuka's or already have.
...You know, Ichinose has some issues too. She just won't give up on the idea of me and Asuka as an item.
Still, I better clear this up before it's too late...
Masaya: So yeah, I was just about to start playing Monster Eater.
Rika: MonEat, huh?
Masaya: I can't believe that's the official abbreviation...
It sounds stupid. Someone should put an end to it.
Rika: The newest game in the franchise released just the other day, right?
Masaya: You playing it?
Rika: I played all the old games with friends, but I only just joined the FC club at my school, so...
Masaya: Oh, okay...
Masaya: Can you give me some tips, then?
Rika: Tips?
Ichinose looks up for a moment as she thinks.
Rika: Can't you turn to Arisaka-san for everything video game related?
Masaya: True.
Can't argue with that logic.
Guess I'd better consult Lord Doommeow tomorrow.
The next day, I go over to Mashiro's classroom first thing in the morning.
Mashiro: Ugh... Senpai.
Masaya: Is "ugh" a proper way to greet someone? There's something I wanted to-- Hey!
She stops me from continuing, then pulls at my sleeve while leading me away.
Mashiro: Follow me.
Masaya: What's the deal?
She drags me away from her classroom's entrance, heading toward a part of the hallway where we're mostly alone.
Mashiro: I was <i>really</i> wondering why you came to see me first thing in the morning, but it's just about weapon characteristics?
Masaya: Oh, come on. How am I supposed to understand anything with the short explanation the game gave me?
Mashiro: Well, I'm glad you're getting into it at least...
Masaya: Yeah, it's pretty fun.
I just started, and I'm currently trying to learn the controls by playing tutorial quests.
However, I ended up confused by the weapon choices.
I mean, there are so many different ones!
That's why I'm here to ask Mashiro for advice.
Mashiro: Thing is, they all have different stats and difficulty curves. Plus, they each do different types of elemental damage, so it's hard to recommend one.
Mashiro: Besides, why worry? You don't have to limit yourself to just one weapon.
Masaya: Learning all of them right away isn't really possible, though.
Mashiro: Well, how do you like to play? Like, hitting from the front or back? Melee or ranged? You know, stuff like that.
Mashiro: Oh, there's also apparently a personality reading based on the weapon you're using. People say it's pretty accurate, so we can just work backward to find you a weapon...
Mashiro: You're... lazy, so a greatsword would fit.
Masaya: Don't go calling me lazy! I'd say that fits Misaki way better.
Mashiro: Don't you dare badmouth Misaki-senpai.
Masaya: My apologies.
The atmosphere itself is peaceful, but we're both clearly at odds already.
Didn't I pick up this game to solve our issues? This just seems to be making things worse...
Masaya: Okay, so what weapon is Misaki using?
Mashiro: She isn't playing the new one because she doesn't want to learn all the new mechanics.
Masaya: Still wanna say <i>I'm</i> the lazy one?
I knew it.
Masaya: Well, I guess it's pretty similar to FC in a way.
Mashiro: Huh? How?
Masaya: Personality plays a huge hand in what playstyle you pick.
...Hold on.
So then Mashiro is...
Masaya: ...Are you using a weapon that fits you?
Mashiro: What do you mean?
Masaya: ......
How is she confused? I meant <i>exactly</i> what I said.
Mashiro: Hm, maybe I should stop. Teaching someone who won't listen is pointless.
Masaya: Uh... I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'm being a bad student here.
Mashiro: Hm, what to do...
Mashiro: Wait, why am I even bothering to act polite around you?
Masaya: Kgh...!
Man, she sure knows how to push my buttons.
Student: Morning, Arisaka.
Mashiro: Good morning, Nakajima-kun. I see you're as cheerful as always this morning!
Masaya: ......
That's one quick change in attitude.
Dammit...! I swear I'll get good enough to make her eat her cheeky words.
Madoka: Hey, I hear you've started playing MonEat.
Masaya: Yeah, I kinda have to now.
Asuka: Why don't we all play together after practice?
Masaya: You sure?
Asuka: Yeah. Sounds fun!
Madoka: I figured it would come to this, so... Ta-dah!
Madoka pulls out a finely decorated PSQ.
Aoi: Confiscated.
Madoka: Nooo!
Masaya: Wow, sucks to be you.
Madoka: It's not my fault, I swear! I told my PSQ to stay home, but it ended up following me all the way here!
Aoi: I see. That big, bad PSQ is in need of a good lecture, then. Come get it from the faculty room after school.
Madoka: Oh... Uh...
Aoi: You don't have any complaints, do you?
Masaya: That's what I'd call a one-hit KO.
Asuka: Hahaha. There was no way for her to fight back.
Later that day, after practice...
Madoka is acting all giddy with her newly-reclaimed PSQ in hand.
Mashiro: I didn't think we'd have so many people...
Mashiro, who's basically the one who started all this, is a bit daunted by the situation.
Masaya: Wanna call it off, then?
Mashiro: You really are a big fat jerk, Masaya-senpai.
Mashiro directs a glare at me as she says that. Guess I'd better steer clear of any further comments of that nature.
Masaya: Is it really fine for us to play here?
I try to get a serious answer out of our manager.
Madoka: Why not? Kinda makes us look like rebels, yeah?
Masaya: Yeah, I'd prefer to avoid the PSQ confiscation ending, personally...
It may be after school, but this is still our clubroom.
If she finds us out, Aoi-san will definitely chew us out.
Asuka: How many hours have you put in?
Masaya: Oh, I basically just finished creating my character.
Masaya: Are you gonna join us, Misaki?
Misaki: Hm... Well, if everyone else is gonna play, then sure.
I like that about Misaki.
Masaya: Okay, time to start, I guess.
We pick a giant boar kill quest that's for beginners.
I suggest playing the tutorial to try out different weapons first, but that "boring" idea is shot down instantly.
Misaki: I'll roll with the greatsword.
Masaya: What's the personality tied to that again?
Mashiro: Who cares.
Mashiro ignores my little jab.
Asuka chooses sword and shield and Madoka goes with a bow.
Madoka: Madoka-chan makes her elegant-- Hey, wait! The lobby's full!
Masaya: Well, it only goes up to four players. First come, first served.
I figure their weapon and armor choices probably reflect their personality and FC playstyle, but since I'm new to the game, I have no way of figuring any of that out.
Anyway, time to get started.
It goes pretty well despite us being beginners, but by the time we start to get used to the game, an enemy that put us in our place appears.
Asuka: Oh no! I died again...
Masaya: What the...? Is there actually a way to beat this thing?!
I don't even stand a chance.
Misaki: Ah!
The monster's ferocious charge sends me and Asuka flying, but Mashiro, and even Misaki who's playing MonEat 4 for the first time, successfully dodge it.
Mashiro: That's my Misaki-senpai! You've got talent!
Can't say I'm surprised that Misaki is the fastest learner among us three newbies.
Misaki: Mashiro, do it again!
Mashiro: Got it! Eat this!
The screen flashes and the monster is hit with the confused status.
Mashiro: Now!
Misaki: Aight!
Asuka: Take this, and that!
Naturally, I try to jump in.
Masaya: I'm taking you down!
Mashiro: Why are you sharpening your weapon?!
Masaya: I don't know!
How'd I even manage that?!
Mashiro: You're amazing, Misaki-senpai! A <i>total</i> genius!
Misaki: I'm not too happy to hear that, but thanks anyway.
Here are the results of our first MonEat session.
Misaki: Surprisingly talented.\nAsuka: Will be good given enough practice.
Me: Has trouble even pressing the right buttons.
That's pretty depressing.
I didn't know I was this bad... No, wait, I know I'm at least average!
Mashiro: Let's go hunt a Jho together some time!
Misaki: I don't even know what you're talking about.
The two of them appear quite excited.
How should I put this? I feel like a loser who's watching the people who beat me collect their prizes.
No, that's a terrible comparison.
Asuka: I guess even you have some things you aren't good at, huh?
Masaya: Obviously.
My fellow loser, Asuka, consoles me, and I react in turn.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai, don't you think this armor would be pretty good for you?
Asuka: Hm... Let me see here...
Masaya: Huh? Uh...
An instant later, I lose my only comrade.
Guess I'm on my own now...
Asuka: Um, Masaya-san, you should also...
Looks like she's trying to invite me to join them. Almost sounds like she's taking pity on me, even.
Mashiro: It's still too early for him.
Hey! I mean, you have a point, but come on!
Mashiro: Senpai.
Mashiro stretches out her right hand to me.
Masaya: What?
Mashiro: This is the right hand. Do you understand?
Masaya: Are you saying I was so bad that I couldn't tell left from right?
Mashiro: Shink... Shink... Shink... Shink...
Masaya: Quit making the whetstone sound.
...I hate being taunted by her, but having our normal positions reversed is almost refreshing in a way.
Mashiro: Ehehe... This feels great.
Well, it's good that she's having fun, so I won't complain.
Masaya: Okay, I need to focus on learning the controls for now.
I mutter those words to myself after Mashiro distances herself a little.
Madoka: Um...
Masaya: I need to do this to bridge the gap between us...
Madoka: Hey, what about me? Look...
Masaya: Yeah, I'll at least master the controls by tomorrow!
Madoka: Hey! I'm seriously gonna start crying here! And believe me, I sound <i>super</i> annoying when I cry!
Anyway...
With that, our "After Practice Gaming Club" had a successful, yet slightly stormy, launch.
Day two.
Misaki: We'll fail the quest after three deaths, so back away, Masaya.
Masaya: ...Sorry.
I messed everything up again.
Actually, the gap between us has somehow grown wider.
The girls are chatting merrily.
It totally feels like I'm the odd one out at this point...
Masaya: Man, why can't I control my character properly?
Nothing worked out as I planned.
Now it's hard for me to even join in on the conversation.
Asuka: It's kind of nice to see this new side of you.
Masaya: Ugh...
Asuka: D-Don't get all depressed on us. Th-There, there... Good boy!
Asuka strokes my head for some weird reason.
Masaya: ...Thanks.
Wait, don't tell me I looked like some pathetic stray dog...
I'm <i>actually</i> starting to feel depressed now. Ugh, I've gotta do better next time.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: Senpai.
Masaya: Yeah, I know, I can tell left from right. Don't worry, I'll manage on my own.
Mashiro: Uh...
Mashiro: Well, okay.
Mashiro didn't say another word to me after that.
Masaya: What'd she want to say?
Masaya: Nice. Keep your form steady.
Rika: Roger!
Masaya: Okay. And now comes the counter!
Rika: Got it...!
Masaya: Great job!
She performed a feint, then counterattacked all while accelerating.
I thought it'd be hard given her playstyle, but she pulled it off without a hitch. Just goes to show how good she is.
Rika: Haaah... Haaah... W-Well, what do you think?
Ichinose asks me that while breathing heavily.
Masaya: You did good. I doubt any ordinary opponent would see through that feint.
Rika: I'm so glad...!
Ichinose heaves a sigh of relief.
Rika: Um...
Masaya: What, wanna try it one more time? Or maybe you wanna move onto something else?
Rika: No, that's all I need. Um, thank you.
Masaya: Huh? Oh, you don't have to thank me.
Rika: No, I do. You may think it's no big deal, but you're doing me a huge favor.
Masaya: You sure are strait-laced...
A conversation we had after the training camp with Takafuji sparked this event.
At the end of the day, she was a huge help during the training camp. Plus, there's the whole thing with my past too... And also, there was that accident, but that's beside the point right now...
Anyway, I offered to return the favor as a way of apologizing, and her answer surprised me.
Rika: Could I ask you to help me with something, then?
Rika: You're the only one I can count on.
I was curious about what she wanted, but it turned out to be something quite obvious.
Rika: I'm so glad that you're willing to help me with practice.
Masaya: Not like it takes up much time. It's only three one hour sessions a week.
She's being far too kind.
Rika: No, it <i>is</i> a big deal. You coached us so very passionately, and now I'm taking up even more of your precious time. I actually feel quite guilty about my request.
Rika: I really need to find a way to repay you for this...
Masaya: Uh, I'm supposed to be repaying you by doing this, remember?
Rika: But I'm a Skywalker from a rival school.
Masaya: Who cares.
I wouldn't want her losing a match against us because she feels guilty.
Masaya: Gotta say, though... you work ridiculously hard.
Rika: That's not true.
Masaya: It <i>totally</i> is. Compared to our players, you--
Rika: You can't say that, Coach.
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: I know you're joking, but you shouldn't badmouth your players.
Rika: You need to stand up for your players, no matter what...
She's right. That was thoughtless of me.
Masaya: Thanks. You're right. Forget I ever said anything.
Rika: Sure thing... Honestly, I'm <i>so</i> happy that you're complimenting me.
Rika: It makes me wonder what it would be like to have you by my side more often...
Masaya: Uh, sorry, I didn't catch that because of the wind...
Rika: N-Nothing! Don't worry about it!
Anyway, I guess I'm gonna be training Ichinose from now on...
But we're in the same area, which could spell disaster if my players end up facing her in the tournament.
Could get hard to continue these practice sessions as the tournament grows closer, too.
Masaya: (What should I do...)
I've got no need to worry.
I mean, Kunahama isn't even within spitting distance of Takafuji at the moment.
And I'm sure working with a straightforward, skilled athlete like her will only improve my coaching.
Masaya: (I need all the help I can get...)
Also, I can't deny that teaching her is fun. The way she absorbs everything like a sponge makes these moments fulfilling.
That's why these practice sessions are also good for my motivation.
...Yeah, that's a good way to look at it.
Masaya: (Yeah, I don't know if continuing these is a good idea...)
When it comes to a weak school like Kunahama, strategy plays a far more important role than pure skill.
There's no way I'd share any of those with Ichinose, so I'm safe on that front. Though, it <i>might</i> still make our players feel uneasy.
Ugh, I guess I should put an end to these in-depth practice sessions soon. We can still talk shop, but I wouldn't want to set any of my players off.
Not like calling these off will put a dent on our relationship or anything.
...If anything, I'm more likely to get into those "accidents" that got us off to a rocky start again if we continue, so this should keep me safe.
Rika: What's wrong, Hinata-san?
Masaya: Oh... Uh, nothing really.
I obviously can't tell her what I was just thinking. Better change the topic...
Masaya: Man, you <i>really</i> want to get better as fast as possible, huh?
She's just a freshman, but Ichinose is already good enough to become a regular at Takafuji.
But that clearly isn't enough in her mind, which is something I genuinely respect.
Rika: True. I want to get better. No, I need to.
Her words, which are accompanied by a brilliant smile, make me think of something else entirely.
Masaya: Need to get better, huh?
Those words bring MonEat back to the forefront of my mind.
Rika: Um... Is something the matter?
Masaya: Well, yeah, I, uh... just remembered a little something.
Masaya: I'll tell you once we're back home. It's not related to FC.
Rika: Huh...?
Rika: Oh... I see. Sounds tough.
I explain my predicament to Ichinose.
I consulted her before I even started playing, so she gets the picture right away. However...
Based on the slightly exasperated expression on her face, I figure she must be thinking something like, "What did you think would happen when you put in no practice time?"
Makes sense, given her personality and all.
Masaya: I don't know. Should we make it the Gaming Club instead or what?
Rika: I see... I guess even you have problems when it comes to things other than FC.
Masaya: Can't say I'm all that amazing at FC either.
Rika: You're just being humble.
Masaya: Putting that aside, the problem is, I'm not used to being in that position.
Rika: Yeah, now you're the one under Mashiro.
Masaya: Right. Never thought her being my teacher would stress me out that much.
She's using any chance she gets to score some payback for my coaching, and it's <i>really</i> getting to me.
I mean, would it kill her to teach me better when she's that good?
Masaya: I swear, the controls are stupidly confusing.
As I start talking about my archnemesis, the controls, I immediately start imagining myself pressing the wrong buttons.
Masaya: For example...
I try to pull out the PSQ to explain what I'm struggling with, when...
Masaya: Huh?
I notice something I don't remember putting in my bag.
What's this?
Rika: Getting to see things from the opposite perspective could be valuable experience, don't you think?
A strategy guide? What the...?
Why do I have this inside my bag?
...Who put it in here?
Rika: Excuse me. I'm going to go make myself some tea.
Oh...
There's a sticky note on it.
"Good luck."
Those words are followed by something that seems to be scribbled out.
I immediately look at the back of the note and find that... it's a sketch of Doommeow.
Masaya: ......
Rika: Okay, I have some tea now, so I'm all ears.
Masaya: No, I'm good.
Rika: H-Huh?
Masaya: Think I understand <i>exactly</i> what you mean now.
Rika: Really?
Masaya: Yep!
I softly grip the note in my hand.
Masaya: It's hard for a person to work hard when they get no praise or encouragement.
Rika: I-I see...
Masaya: Well, good night.
Rika: Yeah, uh, okay... Good night.
And so, after that...
Change comes to the Kunahama Gaming Club that sprouted to life through some strange turn of events.
Cheered on by my player, who's taking on the role of coach...
Mashiro: ...Color me surprised.
A few days later, I've gotten so good that I've surprised my coach.
...Okay, maybe I'm talking myself up a little. Honestly, I only just got to the point where I can play the game normally.
Mashiro: Senpai, you've gotten pretty good.
Masaya: Really?
Mashiro: Yeah.
Masaya: Thanks.
I try to make my response sound casual, but I'm actually super hyped about my accomplishment.
Mashiro: Let's kill this one. We'll need thunder weapons.
Masaya: It's a sub-species, so we need fire weapons, actually.
Mashiro: Oh, right.
After that, we wordlessly work our PSQs for a while.
The udon store may be empty, but I still feel a little out of place sitting here in the corner mashing buttons.
We'll probably move elsewhere if customers start coming, but for now, I'll just focus on the enemies in the game.
Mashiro: ...Amazing.
Suddenly, that lone word escapes Mashiro's tightly sealed lips.
Masaya: What's amazing?
Mashiro: The fact that you got this good.
Masaya: It's all thanks to my coach, really.
Mashiro: Then tell me, why am I not getting better at FC?
Masaya: ...Because I'm not a kind enough coach, maybe?
I ask her that, but this whole gaming experience has already helped me reach the right answer.
Mashiro: Do you have any memories of being kind to me?
To be honest, there's no real need for a coach to be kind.
However, I know I should have at least made our relationship clear from the start.
Man, this is depressing...
Mashiro: I'm sorry. That was a lie.
Masaya: Huh? Why are you apologizing?
Mashiro: It's not your fault.
Mashiro: Much like I'm new to FC, you're new to MonEat.
Mashiro: You must have felt just as frustrated as me, but you still kept at it.
Mashiro: That's totally different from someone like me, who called it quits after assuming it was way too hard. You kept trying instead of placing the blame on someone else.
Mashiro: That's why... you didn't do anything wrong.
Mashiro: But I did. And I'm sorry...
She apologizes without looking me in the eye.
Masaya: Listen, I feel like we won't get anywhere if we keep playing the blame game.
Also, it <i>really</i> doesn't matter who's at fault.
Masaya: Let's just say you introducing me to MonEat has helped me understand you better.
By tackling something Mashiro's good at, I was able to get her perspective on things.
If it wasn't for that, I still wouldn't understand her feelings.
Masaya: It's all because you took the effort to reach out to me.
Masaya: I'm sorry. And above all else... thank you.
Now it's me who has his eyes fixated on the screen.
I know I should be looking her in the eye when we're having such a serious conversation, but...
I have to admit I can only make such an embarrassing confession <i>because</i> we aren't looking at each other.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Masaya: Uh, Mashiro?
Mashiro's character moves to an area away from where the boss is located. Then, she goes and replaces herself with a plushie like last time.
She's currently hiding behind a pillar with only her eyes poking out.
Masaya: Mashiro...?
Mashiro: Don't ask. I won't answer directly.
Masaya: Oh, okay...
Does she hate what I just said?
That's an expression of... rejection, right?
Masaya: ......
I look at the plushie.
I didn't know this before, but in the game he's the guy who's always giving the MC advice despite badmouthing him.
Doommeow... You're actually a really nice guy.
I stroke the plushie on impulse. It's kinda like when you see a cute animal, you know?
Mashiro: Aaaaaaaaah!
Masaya: Wh-What?
Mashiro: H-H-H-H-How could you...?
Masaya: Huh? How could I what?
Mashiro: Oh...! It's nothing!
After she says that, she grabs the plushie and storms off to her room.
Masaya: Huh?
I'm so confused...
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... What was he...?
Botan: Are you sure it's fine to leave him out there all alone?
Mashiro: It is! I can talk to him from here!
Botan: Oh, okay, whatever you say. Hehehe...
Mashiro: ...M-Mom, what do you want?
Botan: Could you lend it to me later?
Mashiro: Huh?
Botan: The plushie, I mean.
Mashiro: Wha...!
Mashiro: O-Of course not!
Botan: No? So what, are you going to sleep with it in your arms?
Mashiro: NO! I! WILL! NOT! The only thing I'm going to do is spray it to get rid of the smell!
Botan: <i>Sure.</i> Whatever you say, honey.
Mashiro: Why do you even want it?! You don't even know where the character's from!
Botan: See, I figured I'd change up how it looks.
Mashiro: Why...?
Botan: I'm just really curious... I wonder what would happen if I add pigtails to make it look like a certain someone, and then a particular man strokes its head...
Mashiro: GET! OUT! NOW!
Masaya: ......
Feels like I'm eavesdropping on a fight between mother and daughter, but I've got no clue what they're saying.
Wonder what Mashiro's mom means...
Our clubroom, which used to be filled with talk of hunting monsters, has now started to return to normal.
Misaki: You still at it?
Misaki peeks in on my PSQ's screen.
She left her PSQ back home. Seems she's already bored of the game.
Masaya: Sure am.
She obviously doesn't just mean MonEat here.
Seems Misaki's a lot more worried about my relationship with Mashiro than I thought.
Misaki: Well, good luck. You'll need it.
Masaya: Thanks. I'm doing it for your udon, too.
Misaki: You could always just pay in advance, y'know?
Masaya: Nah. Maybe if Mashiro was with us, but not now.
Misaki: Ugh, no thanks. That'd be a <i>huge</i> pain.
Wow, that's pretty damn rude...
I'm not even involved, but I feel bad that Mashiro's being treated like that when she adores Misaki.
Masaya: Can't you be a little nicer to Mashiro?
Misaki: Doubt that'd be the right choice here.
Misaki: ...Everything seems fine to me.
Masaya: Well, guess I shouldn't poke my nose in where it doesn't belong.
Misaki: ...You notice anything, Masaya?
Masaya: What?
Misaki: We've known each other a while, but this is the first time you've ever mentioned that.
Masaya: ...True.
Misaki: Mashiro has a hard time opening up to people, but once she does, she gets <i>way</i> too attached.
Misaki: You better be careful. One step too far and you're done for.
Masaya: You speaking based on experience?
Misaki: She already gets real clingy when I'm mean to her, so that has me scared.
Masaya: Makes sense...
Well, as things stand, I'd say we're just acquaintances at this point. Still, at least I've finally moved past her initial negative perception of me.
I don't intend to get that close to her, so it's straight up impossible for things to evolve into anything serious.
Masaya: Don't worry. There's no way anything's gonna happen between us.
Misaki: Sure hope so... Well, I'm leaving for today.
Masaya: Yeah, see you.
I casually wave my hand at Misaki as she makes her way out of the clubroom.
I feel like I'm forgetting something as I look around the empty bus.
Masaya: What could it be...?
Seems that strange topic Misaki brought up has made me forget.
Masaya: Wait.
I check the time, since it looks like it's gotten late.
Oh, it's time for me to head back home.
I turn my PSQ off and grab my bag.
Masaya: And I'm off!
Then, I get up and leave our clubroom.
Aoi: Hi.
Masaya: Ugh...
Aoi: Oh, Masaya. Why the long face? You up to no good?
Masaya: I-I'm not!
I instinctively hide the PSQ by slipping it behind my back, then under my pants.
Aoi: Then why act all guilty? You haven't done anything wrong, right?
Masaya: E-Exactly...
Aoi: Did you come back because you forgot something?
Masaya: ...Basically.
Aoi: Figured as much.
Masaya: Glad to hear.
Aoi-san's being awfully understanding here...
Aoi: So, why not be a good boy and show me what you're hiding behind your back.
Masaya: ......
Turns out she read me like a book.
Masaya: I'm sorry.
I obediently pull out the PSQ.
I'm ready for her to start yelling at me, but...
Aoi: ...Did this help you get closer to her?
Masaya: Huh?
Wow, I'm surprised.
She doesn't seem upset about the fact that I've been playing MonEat in the clubroom.
Instead, she's asking me about my reason for doing it as if she already knows.
Masaya: ...Did Madoka tell you?
Aoi: Bingo. She may not look like it, but Madoka's pretty diligent. She reported everything to me.
Aoi: She told me you'd be playing games in the clubroom, and asked me to turn a blind eye since it'd stop soon enough.
Wow, I'm genuinely surprised she took care of things behind the scenes when she usually seems so careless.
I owe both Aoi-san and Madoka a ton.
Aoi: Well, how's it going?
Masaya: Oh, it's helped us understand each other better.
Aoi: I see. That's good to hear.
Masaya: It was a pretty drastic measure, but things have finally started to work out. She's a real handful.
Though, I'm also hard to deal with. Should really work on that...
Aoi: ...Takes me back.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Aoi-san chuckles as I ask that question.
Aoi: I remember a little brat who had no interest in anything but flying. I had to convince him to go to school when he kept saying he didn't need to because he was going to become a professional Skywalker.
Masaya: Ugh...
I swear, she never pulls any punches.
Man, I was a <i>super</i> arrogant kid back in the day.
I was convinced everything would work out exactly as I planned.
I even believed the blue sky existed for my sake.
How embarrassing.
Masaya: I'm different now.
Aoi: Oh...? How so?
Masaya: I'm a lot more rational now.
Aoi: I don't know, you kept me worrying about your recovery for a pretty long time...
Masaya: Yeah. And honestly, I haven't found closure as a player yet, but... I'm still different now.
This may sound weird, but FC is kind of like my first love.
I've long since moved on, but it's still hard to let go.
The fact that I still haven't gotten over really makes it seem like a typical first love, which is rather embarrassing.
Aoi: Well, who cares. I'm just glad to see you more cheerful again.
Masaya: ...Thanks.
Aoi: Do what you think is best. I won't interfere unless it's something too crazy.
Masaya: Aoi-san.
Aoi: What's up?
Masaya: I've started to remember that I hate losing.
Aoi: Heh...
Aoi-san lets out a short snort.
Aoi: You didn't just "remember" that. You're <i>way</i> off base, Masaya. Or well, maybe it's better to say you're having a hard time connecting things.
Masaya: Huh?
Aoi: There's nothing you hate more than losing. Fact is, you're just keeping yourself from really getting into things <i>because</i> you don't want to lose.
Masaya: ......
Aoi: You're fine as you are now, but I also really liked the cheerful idiot you used to be.
Masaya: ......
Aoi: It was fun chatting with you again. It's been a while.
Aoi-san waves her hand at me and proceeds to leave.
She really hasn't changed.
Aoi: Oh, I almost forgot the most important part.
Aoi-san turns around and pulls me away from the wave of emotions that were about to wash over me.
Masaya: What? You come here for something specific?
Aoi: Yeah. I actually came to remind you of something.
She aims a terrifying smile at me after saying that.
Aoi: I take it you're already prepared for midterms, yeah?
Masaya: Ah...!
Th-That's it!
The thing I couldn't remember earlier in the clubroom.
We're going to enter the week before midterms soon, but I haven't even started studying!
Aoi: The look on your face is telling me you're nowhere near ready...
Aoi-san says that in an exasperated voice.
Masaya: ...We've got three problem children, yeah?
Aoi: Oh yeah... Him, her... plus also her, since she just transferred, huh?
The previous conversation we had on this matter makes it obvious who she's talking about.
Aoi: I'm counting on you to coach them through midterms as well.
Masaya: Y-You can't be serious!
Aoi: You have enough time to be playing video games, so you should be fine, right?
Masaya: Mhm... Ugh...
Aoi: I know having to worry about someone other than yourself is rough, but this will be a valuable experience. Give it your best.
Aoi: Later!
With that, Aoi-san leaves for real.
Masaya: Crap... I need to do something.
I'm left in the clubroom alone, PSQ in hand and a cold sweat covering my whole body.
Masaya: ...But what can I do?
It's hard to come up with a good idea on the spot...
Masaya: So yeah, things'll go south real fast if we don't start studying.
Her face goes stiff upon hearing my words.
Asuka: Yes... Right, we need to... study.
This is the first time I've seen Asuka look depressed.
And it's not a look I like on her, either.
Considering how cheerful she normally is, I'd prefer it if she regains her usual smile as soon as possible.
Madoka: Yeah. If we don't do something, we'll be forced to quit the club.
Masaya: Exactly. And so, those of you who are at risk of failing will have to start studying.
Misaki: Yay! I'm gonna have tons of free time!
Masaya: What're you talking about? You'll be busy helping us out.
Misaki: Seriously? Why?
Masaya: Those of us who are definitely gonna pass will tutor the rest. That'll be our "practice" for the week.
Misaki: Come on, you can't call something like that practice! Booo!
Masaya: You won't change my mind by acting cute. Misaki, you're in charge of tutoring Asuka.
Madoka: Not Mashirocchi?
Masaya: Think about it. Would that end well?
Madoka: Oh...
Madoka's expression reads "Makes sense."
Guess that was enough of an explanation for her.
Misaki: Sounds good. And after the midterms, we'll have udon!
Masaya: Can't you do anything without a carrot on a stick in front of you...? Fine, whatever. We'll go grab some udon after the midterms.
Misaki: Yaaay! Udon! Udooon!
Misaki starts to bounce in place, seemingly overjoyed by the light at the end of the tunnel.
This, ladies and gentlemen, is one of our school's top students. Really makes me wonder if God exists.
Asuka: I can do it... I can do it!
Compared to Misaki, Asuka seems like a deflated balloon.
Madoka: Don't worry. Asuka-chan's a smart girl. Her grades will go up in no time once Misaki teaches her.
Masaya: Yeah... Also, Madoka, um, it's hard for me to say this, but...
Madoka: I know. I'm gonna give him a kick in the pants and make him study.
From what I've heard, Prez is on the verge of failing his tests each and every single time.
Since he's a year above us, none of us can tutor him. Unfortunately, all we can do is cheer him on as he fights by himself.
Still, he's managed to get this far, so he'll probably be fine.
Masaya: Well, that just leaves us with one more problem...
Madoka: Right. Should we go talk to her now?
Masaya: Yeah, let's do it.
With that, Madoka and I head off to the toughest nut to crack.
Madoka: This has me all nervous...
Masaya: Really?
Madoka: Think about it, we're walking down a hallway with only the sound of our footsteps around us, getting ready to pass down a sentence.
Why's she acting like an executioner?
Masaya: You're kinda going overboard there. At this point it's just a reminder, remember?
Our job is to eliminate the risk of her eventually receiving a death sentence.
Madoka: I'm surprised Mashirocchi doesn't have good grades when she seems so diligent.
Masaya: Well, that's just the front she puts up at school.
Not many people here get to see what she's really like.
Freshman classes haven't ended for the day, which is why the hallway is dead silent.
We walk down the silent hallway, making sure to keep our voices down.
Madoka: Oh, we're here.
We've arrived at Mashiro's classroom.
Looks like she'll be in there for a while longer.
Masaya: Hm... Should we come back later?
Madoka: Sure, but since we're here already, why not at least check on her?
I seriously don't get the point, but I'll admit that I'm curious too.
An opportunity to see Mashiro during class doesn't present itself too often.
Masaya: Fine. Let's take a quick look...
We peek inside the classroom as we walk by it.
She isn't secretly playing MonEat in there, is she?
Nah, no way. That'd get in the way of her good girl act, so there's no way?
I didn't know where she was sitting, but oddly enough, my eyes find Mashiro immediately.
She's at a desk by the windows.
There she sits wearing... glasses.
Masaya: Huh...?!
Does she have bad eyesight?
I find myself startled by her appearance.
Masaya: ...Did you know?
I ask Madoka.
Madoka: Nope, had no clue.
She shakes her head left and right as she answers my question.
Seems like this is news to both of us.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Mashiro has noticed us.
Mashiro: Ah!
Our eyes meet.
Mashiro: Huh...?!
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: Ah...!
After we gaze at each other for a while...
Mashiro hurriedly takes off her glasses.
Well, we can't stay here much longer.
Masaya: ...Let's go.
Madoka: ...Yeah.
Mashiro looks both embarrassed and annoyed as we walk away.
Misaki: Oh, she got caught. Girl shouldn't have let her guard down.
Asuka: What do you mean?
Misaki: She has this whole thing about her glasses. Apparently some kid teased her about them way back in the day.
Madoka: Sounds childish.
Masaya: Can't really blame her, though.
Misaki: Mashiro's really scared of people finding out all the things she's hiding. That goes for her real personality, the outfit she wears at her family's udon place, <i>and</i> her glasses.
Madoka: You sure about all that?
Misaki: Totally sure.
Madoka: Well, for what it's worth, the look on her face made it seem like us catching her wearing glasses was the worst moment of her life.
Misaki: Damn, really? Guess they're not <i>all</i> the same, then. It's probably more embarrassing than her work outfit, but less than people seeing her real personality.
Madoka: Any specific reason she might have reacted that badly?
Asuka: Maybe she's got a new reason for not wanting to be seen wearing glasses...?
Masaya: What's that supposed to mean?
Misaki: Either way, you sure lucked out, huh, Masaya?
Masaya: ...I guess. It <i>was</i> a pretty interesting sight.
I feel bad for thinking this, but seeing her get all flustered and embarrassed was just...
Misaki: I mean, now you know she has bad eyesight.
...Huh? Oh, right.
Yeah. That's totally what I was thinking.
Her bad eyesight doesn't suit her current Fighter playstyle. Not if she wants to win any matches, anyway.
I've been wanting to get Mashiro to change her playstyle for quite a while now, so this is just perfect.
Why was my mind on something else back there? Something must be wrong with me.
Masaya: Yeah, I'm very lucky. This is a great opportunity. Yep.
I'm surprised Misaki remembers I want to change Mashiro's playstyle.
I only brought it up once or twice during meetings.
Madoka: You sounded <i>pretty</i> awkward there.
Masaya: Uh...
Madoka: I've got a hunch that you were thinking something else... Am I right?
Damn her!
Why is she only this sharp when it's inconvenient for me?!
Masaya: Well, you guys know what to do now. Make sure you pass!
Misaki: Aight, let's do this, Asuka.
Asuka: O-Okay...
Masaya: I'm heading to the clubroom! Good luck with the rest of this stuff, Madoka!
Madoka: Hey! You know I can tell you're running away because I asked you an inconvenient question, right?!
I flee to the clubroom to escape her before it's too late.
I still have some work to do before I bring up the matter of changing her playstyle.
Guess I'll start by comforting Mashiro. She'll probably still be upset about us seeing her in glasses.
Later that day, after practice...
I inform a not so happy Mashiro about her having to study for midterms.
However...
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Don't just silently pull out your PSQ. Talk to me.
Mashiro: Don't you understand? When you're on death row, you always get a last meal before your execution.
Madoka made a similar comparison earlier. Is that the new hip thing? Did I miss a memo at some point?
Masaya: Basically, you wanna go on one last hunt before we get down to studying for a week, yeah?
Mashiro nods in response to my question.
Mashiro: And it wouldn't feel right inviting the others.
Masaya: Well yeah, there isn't much time before the midterms.
I say as I turn on my PSQ.
Mashiro: Senpai, I've noticed you haven't been asking that many questions lately.
Masaya: I've gotten a lot better, so I can handle most things on my own now.
Mashiro: Hrm...
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: Hm...
Why does she seem upset?
Mashiro: You're a total player. I can see you throwing women away like trash once you're done with them.
Masaya: What gave you that idea?!
Mashiro: Not sure. It's just a hunch.
Getting insulted based on a hunch feels pretty damn bad...
Masaya: Don't tell me... Do you wanna play with me, Mashiro?
Mashiro: ...Don't get too full of yourself.
And with that, she falls silent again.
For a while, I only hear the sound of her buttonmashing.
Mashiro: Saw... them right.
Eventually, Mashiro mutters something suddenly.
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: You saw the glasses, right?
Masaya: Oh...
That's what she meant.
Masaya: Sure did.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: Hm...?
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: U-Um...
Masaya: Yeah?
Mashiro: I'm pretty sure you should be saying something in this situation.
Should I tell her I don't want to because I see her getting mad no matter what I say? Nah. That won't help any.
Still, I wonder what she wants me to say...
Mashiro: I promise I won't get mad, so give me your honest opinion.
Masaya: I don't really have one.
Mashiro: That can't be true. I'm sure you thought they looked bad on me, or weird, or something.
Masaya: Would you believe me if I said I thought you looked cute?
Mashiro: C-Cu...!
Masaya: You promised not to get mad!
Mashiro: Kgh!
She's so enraged that her face has turned bright red.
Masaya: I'm being honest when I say I thought you looked cute. It's up to you whether you wanna believe me or not.
I pursue the monster on my screen as I say that.
One or two more hits and it'll be down for the count.
Masaya: Alright, time to finish it off. I'm taking the killing blow today!
I hold down the button to charge up my overhead slash.
The level two charge animation goes off. Level three now. All I need to do is let go of the button, and my most devastating strike will obliterate the monster--
Mashiro: Take this!
Masaya: Hey! Why'd you kick me?!
Mashiro: Oh, sorry. I pressed the wrong button. Heh...
Masaya: Yeah right! I clearly heard you say "Take this!" right before you hit me!
After that, Mashiro kept getting in the way as I tried to finish off the monster, which gave it time to return to its nest and recover.
In the end, we barely managed to beat it before time ran out.
With that, Mashiro's last meal came to an end. And from then on, all of our scheduled practices were replaced with study sessions.
Asuka was tutored by Misaki, Mashiro by Madoka, and Prez... by himself.
Everyone kept working diligently with the help of their teachers. The only real exception was that one time I happened to spot Misaki getting junk food because of her udon withdrawal.
One week later, it's time for the midterms.
The classroom has transformed into a silent space.
The unique atmosphere makes me feel restless, so I end up worrying about how things are going for all the others.
Masaya: (I hope everyone's doing okay...)
I look around the classroom.
Misaki: Zzz... Zzz...
Misaki has already flipped her test over and started napping.
It may look like she's just given up on the test to the untrained eye, but that's actually her way of claiming victory. Pretty impressive.
I'm sure the answers written on the other side of her sheet add up to a near perfect score.
Masaya: (Well, there's nothing to worry about in her case, but what about Asuka...?)
I glance in the direction of Asuka's desk.
Asuka: ......
She's single-mindedly filling in the answers.
The incredible aura of focus she's radiating is something else...
Masaya: (Well, glad to see she's not freaking out anymore.)
Based on her current attitude, I doubt she's going to fail.
Masaya: (That just leaves one person...)
I heave a light sigh as I think of poor Mashiro.
If she doesn't overcome this hurdle, all the time we spent together, trying to repair our relationship, will be for nothing.
I really, <i>really</i> want her to make it.
Masaya: (If only I could write the tests for her...)
Masaya: ......
Masaya: (...Okay, even I know that's a little much.)
I've been focused on Mashiro a lot lately, which has led to me being a little overprotective.
The three days of midterms finally come to an end.
The teachers have already finished grading all the tests, so we have our marks already.
Masaya: ...Huh, not too shabby.
I'm happy with my results.
I got between 80 and 90 on most subjects. My lowest grade is a 74 in math, which is my worst subject, and that's still far from a failing grade.
Aoi: Okay, now that you have your results back, midterms are officially over.
It seems we're finally free.
Aoi: Alright. Aoyagi, your turn.
Madoka: Yes! Stand up! Bow!
Depending on how the others performed, our club could cease to exist... Dammit!
My heart's racing.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Ugh...
Masaya: ...Okay, that sound has me worried.
Asuka: Hahahaha. No, there's nothing to worry about, really. Nothing... at all.
Masaya: D-Did you fail a test...?
Asuka forms a feeble smile.
Asuka: No, I didn't, but...
She shows me the tests she got back instead of elaborating.
Masaya: Let me see...
True to her word, she hasn't failed a single test.
She did well enough to pass everything, which is the condition she needed to meet to remain a part of our club.
However, her grades are definitely nothing to be proud of.
Masaya: Hm...
Asuka: It kind of feels like you don't know what to say...
That's because I don't.
She got between 50 and 60 across the board, so I don't really know if I should be congratulating her...
What do I do here?
Madoka: Oh, you guys comparing test results?
Masaya: Not exactly.
Madoka: Looks like you passed everything. Good for you.
Asuka: R-Right...
Asuka responded rather awkwardly. I guess she's not too happy with her results. Makes sense.
Misaki: Masaya! Hey, Masaya, wanna see how I did?
Masaya: How did Prez do, Madoka?
Misaki: Hey, don't go ignoring me!
Masaya: I can already tell how you did, so there's no point looking at them.
Like I said, Misaki is so smart that it makes me question whether God really exists.
Though, looking at her odd personality or the fact that she's so addicted to udon, it seems clear she has a few screws loose up there.
Misaki: You're no fun. Anyway, let's go get some udon!
Misaki says that as she folds her tests into paper airplanes.
I see numbers like "100" and "98" on the edges and find myself rendered speechless by the inherent difference in talent between us.
Madoka: Guess you were right...
Masaya: Back on topic, how did Prez do?
Madoka forms a wry smile in response to my question.
Madoka: His grades are so close to all his other tests that it makes me wonder if he's doing it on purpose. Between 40 and 42 on everything.
Masaya: I see...
I feel relieved, but at the same time, I know it's far too close for comfort.
If we were classmates, I'd probably have told him to study more, but since he's a year older than me, I can't say anything.
Madoka: For what it's worth, I <i>did</i> give him hell!
Masaya: Thanks... That leaves only Mashiro, huh?
She usually comes rushing into our classroom the moment school's done for the day.
Misaki: The fact that she isn't here... spells bad news.
Masaya: Let's go.
Everyone nods in response.
When we arrive at Mashiro's classroom, we find that it's mostly empty.
Most students have left and only a few remain here and there.
And among those students, sitting all by herself is...
Masaya: Mashirooo!
Her body jerks up as I call her name.
Mashiro: S-S-S-S-S-Senpai, wh-wh-wh-what come here for you have?
Madoka: You're talking funny, Mashirocchi.
Asuka: She sounds kind of like that little green alien from that famous space movie.
Putting Asuka's remark aside, it's clear that Mashiro isn't in a normal state of mind right now.
Masaya: Can we see how you did, Mashiro?
Upon hearing my question, Mashiro positions herself in front of her desk as if to guard it.
Mashiro: ...No.
Masaya: Mashiro...
Mashiro: No, I don't want to show you!
She stows her test papers away in her desk and leaves no room for us to pull them out.
Acting like this won't change your test results, Mashiro...
Misaki: Mashiro.
Mashiro: Yeeaah.
Misaki: Come on, we won't get angry. Promise!
Mashiro: Okay...
Following Misaki's suggestion...
Mashiro begrudgingly pulls out her tests.
Masaya: Oh...
Misaki: Hm...
Madoka: This is...
Asuka: U-Um...
Our reactions all differ, but I'm sure we're all thinking the exact same thing on the inside.
Mashiro's grades are mostly below 50.
And yeah, that would be fine, except she only got 31 in Classic Japanese and 28 in Geography.
In other words, she failed those two tests.
Mashiro: I'm sorry... I let all of you down.
Mashiro's shoulders droop dejectedly.
And Madoka is clutching her head, looking extremely sad, as she stands next to her.
Madoka: But I'm sure I taught her everything she needed to know... Where exactly did I go wrong?
I suppose this is a frustrating result for Madoka as well, since she acted as her tutor.
Mashiro: Senpai...
Masaya: Yeah...?
Mashiro: Um, does this mean I have to quit the FC club?
Mashiro looks at me with unsteady eyes.
Naturally, I know this is no time to tease her. And so, I form a smile in an attempt to ease her tension before telling her how to fix the issue.
Masaya: Don't worry. You still have the make-up tests. You'll be fine as long as you pass those.
Mashiro: I-I see... Yeah, you're right.
She must have felt dead inside. That's the only way she could've forgotten about the make-up tests.
Madoka: You've got two days to prepare for those, so it'll be fine as long as you go over everything again.
Mashiro: I'm sorry, Senpai.
Madoka: It's fine. Just make sure you nail the ones in two days. Then, we can all eat udon without any worries.
Misaki: Udon! I heard udon!
Misaki, quiet.
Asuka: Come to think of it, this'll be my first time visiting Mashiro-chan's place.
Madoka: I see. That's pretty exciting!
Masaya: But you've got a few days of hard work ahead of you before we can do that, Mashiro.
Mashiro: I-I know...
Mashiro still appears uneasy, which makes Madoka pound her chest confidently.
Madoka: Look, I know it'll all work out! And once you're done with the make-up tests, it's udon party time! Just trust me, I've got you covered!
Mashiro: Y-You're sure?!
Madoka: Of course! Now, let's roll up our sleeves and get down to business!
Mashiro: O-Okay! Let's do this! But first, let's take a breather!
Madoka shines in these situations.
Asuka's straightforward attitude makes it hard for her to cheer up people, and Misaki doesn't seem to care about anything other than udon, so neither of them are much help.
Masaya: Our manager's doing a great job.
Madoka: Thanks. But I'm afraid I'll have to leave the other problem here to you.
For some reason, Madoka directs a stiff smile at me.
Masaya: ...Huh?
Madoka: Hinata-kun, behind you.
I slowly turn around, then take in a scary sight.
Aoi: Huh. Did I hear breather? Sounds nice.
Aoi-san is standing there with a cold smile on her face. How'd she manage to sneak up on us?
Mashiro: Wha...! M-Ms. Kagami!
Aoi: ...Arisaka, a breather is a break you take to clear your head.
Mashiro: I-I know that!
Aoi: Do you now? I guess that means you also know what you're supposed to be doing, yeah?
Mashiro: O-Of course! I'll work hard to pass my make-up tests!
Mashiro: Wait, where'd everyone else go?!
I don't really know how Mashiro managed to escape the clutches of an enraged Aoi-san.
The only thing I know for sure is that she went on to devote herself to studying for the make-up exams.
In the end, Mashiro successfully passed her tests and just barely managed to remain a part of our club.
However...
Aoi-san lectured me for letting one of my players perform so poorly, and I was told to make things go more smoothly on the finals.
...All things considered, I'm pretty worried about the future, but I can worry about that later. Right now, it's udon party time!
Misaki: 'Sup.
Botan: Oh, Misaki-chan. Long time, no see.
Misaki: You busy right now?
Botan: Not at all. Come on, don't dawdle outside. All of you should come in.
Misaki: Okay... Say, is Mashiro home?
Botan: Mashiro is...
Mashiro: I think I feel Misaki-senpai's presence... Ah!
<i>Seriously?</i> You had to go "ah" as soon as you saw my face?
And what's up with that grimace on your face?
Asuka: Hello, Mashiro-chan.
Madoka: Hi.
Shion: Hey.
Her expression quickly changes after she sees everyone else.
Mashiro: Uh... Wait, we're <i>actually</i> having an udon party?
Masaya: Well, yeah... Didn't we talk about it a bunch?
Mashiro has been against this udon party from the start.
However, she reluctantly agreed to it since she was the only one who failed the original tests. Plus, her beloved Misaki-senpai loved the idea, so it was hard for her to say no.
Botan: Don't be like that, Mashiro! Everyone, please go sit.
Mashiro: Mooom!
Botan: Oh? Would you rather take them to <i>your room,</i> then?
Mashiro: Uh...
Mashiro: ...Over here.
Mashiro finally gives up and shows us to a table.
Asuka: I know I'm kind of late here, but I'm surprised Mashiro-chan's place really is an udon restaurant.
Masaya: Tell me about it. I only found out a little while back.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai's a transfer student, so that makes sense.
Madoka: Oh, I already knew. Misaki let it slip once when we were chatting.
Mashiro: Looks like you were the odd man out, Masaya-senpai. I wonder why?
Botan: Here you go.
Botan-san has brought us some udon.
Masaya: Thank you. This looks delish!
Madoka: Wow, he completely ignored you and changed the topic...
Mashiro: How rude.
I've gotta just ignore them for now.
Botan: You're welcome. There's no need to thank me, though. I'm just glad that Mashiro's brought her friends over.
Botan: Plus, Mashiro's injury has mostly healed by now, so let's celebrate that fact.
Madoka: I see. That's good to hear!
Mashiro: Sorry I worried you.
Mashiro says as she brings a bowl of udon to the table.
Asuka: Whoa, this looks amazing!
Mashiro: Maybe you don't know yet, but Shitou Islands' udon is actually pretty famous.
Asuka: Oh, I see.
Shion: It's not just udon. There are plenty of other good noodle places in the area.
Misaki: ......
Asuka: Oh, Misaki-chan is getting <i>really</i> depressed about having to wait!
Mashiro: Go ahead, Misaki-senpai! The rest of you can start eating too.
Asuka: Roger!
Masaya: Don't have to tell me twice.
We all dig in.
Asuka: Whoa, the noodles are <i>sooo</i> thin.
Mashiro: Of course they are! Those handpulled noodles Dad makes are our specialty!
Asuka: How exactly are "handpulled" noodles different to regular, handmade ones?
Mashiro: Well, when you make regular handmade noodles, you stretch out the dough and cut it into portions.
Mashiro: But when you make handpulled noodles, you just keep stretching out the dough until it's thin enough. You don't cut it even once.
Asuka: That sounds like a ton of work.
Botan: It really is. If you start from scratch, there's a good nine to ten hours before you can put them on a drying rack.
Madoka: I don't really get it, but that sure sounds impressive...
Botan: The competition in the area has increased, but my husband won't budge. It's either handpulled or nothing here at Mashiro Udon.
Misaki: Well, it's <i>definitely</i> worth the extra effort.
Asuka: Let's see... Shlllp...
Asuka: Mhhh! Wow, amazing! Mhhh!
Masaya: You should really work on your vocabulary.
Madoka: The noodles are gliding around my mouth. It's almost like a school of icefish are performing a ballet on my tongue.
And Madoka's on the other end of the spectrum. Must be reading too much Food Wars.
Asuka: The soup's also great! What stock do you guys use?
Mashiro: It's based on something you really love.
Asuka: What? No way...
Asuka looks down at her bowl, seemingly losing herself in thought.
Asuka: A parfait?
Masaya: Pfft!
I nearly bust a gut laughing as Asuka says that with an utterly serious expression on her face.
Botan: I'm glad you like our fish stock.
Asuka: Fish stock?
Mashiro: Fried and dried flying fish.
Asuka: Flying fish?!
Madoka: Good for you.
Asuka: Uh... I mean, I've never thought of them as food before... Shlllp...
Asuka: I'm sorry little fishies, but you're <i>way</i> too delicious...
Asuka says that with a sad look on her face as she continues eating.
Mashiro: Obviously it's good when it's made with Dad's handpulled noodles and Mom's homebrewed stock!
Mashiro throws out her chest proudly.
Madoka: Now I get why Misaki's with Mashirocchi all the time.
Masaya: Yep, makes sense to me.
Mashiro: Don't make it sound like she's only after the udon!
Botan: You're not, are you, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Of course not... Quit saying weird stuff around Botan-san, Madoka.
Madoka: Welll, I just couldn't help but think she's in a pretty depressing one-sided love.
Shion: ...Hey, Hinata, what are they talking about?
Masaya: Don't get involved. Just keep slurping your noodles and let them talk.
This whole conversation reeks of trouble.
Mashiro: Well, can't you say it's give and take? We're friends with benefits, basically.
Madoka: Yeah, no. How about you never say that again? Sound good?
Mashiro: Besides, Misaki-senpai isn't even getting her udon for free. It's all on her tab.
Misaki: Huh...?
Botan: Oh, that's news to me.
Misaki: What do I do...? I'll be in debt for life at this rate...
Masaya: You should learn to hold back.
Mashiro: It's alright. You've got no reason to worry.
Asuka: Why not?
Mashiro: Well, this is just something I've heard before, but...
Mashiro: Apparently all your debt gets canceled when you get married and change your name. Sure would be convenient, huh?
Misaki: Botan-san... I'll repay everything with vegetables from our farm, so please let this slide!
Botan: Oh my...
Mashiro: Calm down, Misaki-senpai! I was just kidding!
Mashiro: ...For now, anyway.
Madoka: Does she actually swing that way?
Asuka: H-How would I know?
Misaki: Oh, you're so silly. Better keep it down now!
Madoka: Ouch!
Shion: I've been wondering for a while, why are Tobisawa and Arisaka so close? What made them such good friends?
Madoka: That comes up more often than Mashirocchi's family running an udon restaurant, huh?
Masaya: Makes sense to me.
Shion: Mgh... Do you know the story, Hinata?
Masaya: Huh? No, not really...
Madoka: Huuuh?
Asuka: That can't be, Masaya-san! Even I know, so you have to have heard the story!
Masaya: That a fact?
I have heard Mashiro say some strange things every once in a while...
Oh, I remember. I tuned her out because I didn't want to comment on her story.
Ugh, this is embarrassing. How am I supposed to ask her to tell me when she's already done it a million times?
Mashiro: ......
Great, she's obviously mad.
Masaya: Um, could you repeat that story for me?
Mashiro: I don't want to.
Madoka: But you're always going on about it even when no one wants you to!
Mashiro: It feels like it'd be wasted on him.
Misaki: Gimme a second serving of udon!
Even though we're talking about her, the only thing on Misaki's mind is food. Typical.
Masaya: Man, Misaki's pretty damn carefree.
Mashiro: That's the best thing about her!
How does she expect me to respond to that? Only thing I can think of is "Oh, okay."
Misaki: Looks like you're not gonna eat your tempura, Madoka, so it's mine now!
Madoka: Hey! I was saving that for last!
Masaya: You still think that's always a good thing?
Mashiro: ...Just barely.
Mashiro heaves a heavy sigh as she glances at Misaki. Some things never change.
Misaki, on the other hand, only has eyes for her udon. Almost makes me feel bad for Mashiro, honestly.
Mashiro: Senpai, could you come with me for moment?
Suddenly, Mashiro addresses me.
And after that, she grabs my sleeve and pulls me toward the door.
Asuka: Huh? Are you two heading out together?
Mashiro: Yeah. I just need his advice.
Asuka: Oh really?
Masaya: Uh, I guess so!
I follow Mashiro outside.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: What's wrong? If you wanna learn how to get Misaki's mind off udon, you're asking for the impossible.
Mashiro: It's not that. I know there's no way for you to solve such a difficult problem. I've got something else I need.
Masaya: And that is?
I wonder what she wants...
Mashiro: What are your thoughts on, um... Misaki-senpai during practice lately?
Masaya: What are you getting at? Whether she's worrying about you during practice?
Mashiro: No, not that. Um...
Masaya: Is it hard for you to say?
Mashiro: I'm talking about her motivation.
Masaya: ...Oh.
I suddenly remember how I alone witnessed Misaki flying with vigor and energy after practice once.
Mashiro: Be honest, what do you think?
Masaya: How should I put this...
I know she's motivated. If she wasn't, then she wouldn't go off to practice on her own.
It's just that it's hard to tell with her, since Misaki doesn't show it.
I want to tell Mashiro she's got nothing to worry about, but...
Masaya: (Is that really the best idea? That might just set her off.)
I know some something about Misaki that she doesn't.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too bad, but finding that out would probably upset Mashiro all the same.
Maybe it's best to stay quiet...
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai has been acting strange for a while now.
Masaya: You mean since the training camp with Takafuji?
Mashiro silently nods in response.
Mashiro: I'm pretty sure the Takafuji Academy FC Club's president is on her mind...
Masaya: I mean, can you blame her? The guy gave her a pretty hard beatdown.
...Though, Misaki did show a lot of promise in that match.
Still, she probably hit a wall for the first time. Must sting after feeling practically invincible for so long.
Mashiro: It feels like her mind is somewhere else during practice, you know?
Mashiro: That has me worried that she's lost her motivation.
...Oh, I see.
Mashiro has also been watching Misaki closely, but she reached a different conclusion than I did.
Masaya: Don't worry. I'm sure she's working hard in her own way.
Mashiro: You really think so?
Masaya: Yeah. Misaki isn't the type to give up because of a little setback like that.
Masaya: Shouldn't you know that best?
Mashiro jerks back for a second in surprise.
Mashiro: ...I can't believe you had to lecture me on Misaki-senpai.
Masaya: Am I wrong?
Mashiro: No. You really understand her. I see you're watching Misaki-senpai <i>very</i> closely.
Masaya: Hm, I guess I am. Can you blame me?
Mashiro: Huh...?
She faced a strong opponent and suffered a crushing defeat at his hands.
That was fine as long as she channeled the frustration from her loss and used it to fuel her, but it could just as well have made her give up.
I didn't want that to happen, which was why I kept such a close eye on Misaki during practice.
A potential dip in her motivation was a constant worry for a while.
Luckily, I now know I have nothing to worry about. What a huge weight off my shoulders.
Masaya: Is that all?
Mashiro: Yeah, thank you.
Mashiro bows her head to me as she responds.
Masaya: Okay. It'll be good to have you back at practice tomorrow.
Mashiro: I can't wait.
Since our conversation is over, I'm about to head back inside when I remember something.
Masaya: Oh, right.
Mashiro: What?
Masaya: I've got a question for you. Mind answering? It's something I've been wondering for a while now...
Mashiro: Uh, sure...? I'll have to hear the question first, though.
Masaya: Do you like FC?
That's something I really wanna know.
Mashiro gives me a blank stare for a while.
Mashiro: Senpai... I though this when we were talking about Misaki-senpai, but...
Mashiro trails off as she sighs in exasperation.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai's really rubbing off on you, isn't she?
Masaya: Huh?
I'm on the way back from Mashiro Udon.
Asuka uses the same terminal as me, so we're flying the route home together.
Asuka: Hmmm!
Asuka's clearly enjoying the flight. Must be in a good mood because of the food.
Masaya: Hey, Asuka.
Asuka: Yes, what is it?
Masaya: Do you like FC?
Asuka: ......
She gives me a brief puzzled look.
Asuka: Of course I do!
Masaya: I see.
I form a wry smile in response to her loud, proud answer.
Asuka: Why are you asking?
Masaya: I was just thinking it's amazing that you can say that.
Asuka: How? Isn't admitting you like something normal?
Masaya: It's pretty amazing that you're straightforward about it.
Asuka: R-Really...?
Asuka tilts her head to the side in confusion. Guess that's just second nature to her.
Asuka: Anyway, I really, <i>really</i> love FC.
Masaya: Glad to hear it.
I start to feel giddy as I take in Asuka's response.
Maybe she really is influencing me...
I recall my earlier conversation with Mashiro.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai's really rubbing off on you.
Masaya: I'm not so sure about that.
Mashiro: Honestly, I wasn't sure whether I liked it or not at the start...
Mashiro: But now I think I'm starting to, at least.
Mashiro: Heh... I guess Asuka-senpai's rubbing off on me too.
Asuka: Masaya-san, did something good happen?
Masaya: Huh?
I touch my own cheeks as Asuka pulls me back to reality.
Masaya: Was I smiling?
Asuka: You were... Um, is it my fault for getting too excited?
Asuka starts questioning herself.
Masaya: No, you're amazing, Asuka.
I truly believe that.
Masaya: People who can say they love something wholeheartedly are the strongest.
Asuka: I-Is that so...?
Masaya: Yeah. From now on, make sure not to let anyone beat you in that regard.
Asuka: I'm confident I won't!
The sun is about to set behind Asuka.
And in that moment, Asuka's unbounded optimism shines just as bright as that awe-inspiring sight.
It brings a smile to my face, but at the same time, it's also a bit scary.
How long can this girl keep loving FC?
How long can she keep loving the sky?
There was once a Skywalker who broke down under the pressure and disappointed Aoi-san.
And right now, I'm ready to do anything to keep history from repeating itself.
Thoughts like that keep running through my mind.
Masaya: Alright, it's back to our regularly scheduled practice tomorrow.
Asuka: Yes. Mashiro-chan's injury should be good now, so we'll all be back together again.
Oh, right, we talked about going to the hospital as a group to confirm that her foot's healed.
Masaya: Okay, make sure you're pumped for practice tomorrow.
Asuka: I will, Coach!
Asuka tightly clenches her fist, showing that she's already raring to go.
Asuka, Mashiro, and, of course, Misaki.
Each of them are rather unique, but that doesn't matter. As their coach, it's my responsibility to guide them.
Masaya: It's gonna take a lot of work...
I keep flying through the evening sky as I mutter that to myself.
My surroundings are darkening as night falls, yet my spirit, in contrast, is shining brighter than ever.
The next day.
As we discussed yesterday, we're at the orthopedic clinic with Mashiro.
Asuka: I'm feeling strangely nervous...
Madoka: Same. We know she's fine, but at the end of the day, an injury's an injury.
Masaya: Right. Gotta be more careful from now on. Better safe than sorry, as they say.
Misaki: Haaah... That udon yesterday was the most delish thing ever...
As all but one of us are talking about Mashiro and her injury...
Madoka: Oh, she's done.
...Mashiro walks out of the clinic.
And then, she immediately makes a victory sign.
Mashiro: My foot is fully healed.
Masaya: Congrats.
Madoka: Nice.
Misaki: Sweet!
Asuka: Congratulations!
We're all excited.
Mashiro: I can't believe how happy you are for me...
Mashiro is moved to tears by our reactions.
However, I know there's more to this than meets the eye.
Something happened that most people here don't know.
Misaki: Lucky you. You're free to do what you want again, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Thanks! That means the two of us can--
Misaki: Yeah, no. That's <i>totally</i> not what I meant, got it?
Mashiro starts hitting on Misaki without missing a beat.
In response, I shift my attention away from them and toward Asuka.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes?
I move over to whisper into her ear.
Masaya: ...I know what you did for Mashiro.
Asuka: Huh? What do you mean?
Masaya: You made a wish and gave up sweets in exchange for it coming true.
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka: Wh-Who told you?!
Masaya: I noticed it on my own, then Madoka confirmed my suspicions.
Madoka: Sorry, it just kind of slipped out.
Asuka: B-But I told you to keep that to yourself, Madoka-chan...
Asuka's all flustered, but I'm not letting up. Time to deliver my second blow...
Masaya: Also, I heard you were using that to try and lose some weight at the same time.
Asuka: H-H-H-How do you know that part?!
Madoka: Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Asuka: M-Madoka-chaaan...!
Madoka may be a good manager, but evidently, having her as a friend comes with its fair share of difficulties...
Masaya: Still, that's a good thing.
Asuka: R-Really?
Masaya: Weight management is important. Everyone needs to maintain a healthy diet, our Udon Monster included.
The thing is, she's more than slender enough as is, but if she's trying to find her ideal weight, testing out some dieting restrictions might not be a bad idea.
Asuka: Th-That's a relief.
Asuka: ...Wait, what about parfaits?
Masaya: Why not hold off on eating any for a little longer?
Asuka: Oh, okay...
Asuka's face droops instantly.
This is for her own good, really. There's no need for me to feel bad!
Asuka: A-Anyway, I should go congratulate Mashiro-chan...
Asuka totters over to Mashiro.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai...
Asuka: Aww, Mashiro-chan, congrats!
Mashiro: Wow, you were so worried about me that you're even crying now.
Maybe it's best that I keep the main reason she's upset a secret...
I mean, she was really worried about Mashiro anyway, so that's <i>totally</i> fine!
Mashiro: Finally back to practice, huh?
Masaya: Yeah, we're completely free now.
No more midterms or injuries to hold us back.
Not everything went as well as planned, but things have still improved over the last few weeks, so I can't complain.
Mashiro: So, Senpai, um...
Masaya: I know, don't worry. I promised we'd do it...
I pull out my PSQ after saying that.
Mashiro: Yeah!
Mashiro smiles upon seeing it.
And that smile is enough proof that our relationship has improved.
Masaya: Okay, where do we start?
Mashiro: How about we do that quest we put aside before?
Masaya: Gotcha. Let me start the game.
I turn on my PSQ and wait for the game to boot.
But then...
Girl: Well, if it isn't Mashiro.
Mashiro: Huh? Ugh...
Girl: Oh, <i>come on.</i> Why do you have to be so rude?
Masaya: Uh... What's wrong?
I raise my head and stare at the intruder.
Girl: Hello, Senpai. It's been a while.
Oh, it's... Do I know her?
Girl: Wait, you <i>do</i> remember me, right?
Masaya: Have we met?
I ask Mashiro instead of the girl who's questioning me.
Mashiro: Of course you have. She was one year below you back in middle school.
Masaya: Huh...? Oh!
It's all coming back to me now.
I seem to remember this girl tagging along with Mashiro sometimes when she was following Misaki.
Masaya: You're...
Arika: Arika Okoze. I'm a freshman at Shitou Suisan Academy.
Masaya: Right.
How could I forget?
The name Okoze actually left an impression on me back then because it's so unusual. Not that that means much, since I ended up forgetting her entirely...
Arika: Well, can't say I'm surprised. Always seemed like you weren't interested in other people.
Masaya: ......
Kinda feels like she was making fun of me there...
Masaya: Oh wow, Shitou Suisan Academy.
They have a relatively strong FC club.
They aren't as strong as Takafuji, but Madoka's report had them listed as ones to watch out for.
Arika: I see you know my school.
Masaya: Well, yeah.
It's better not to bring up FC.
No telling if she even has any interest in it.
Mashiro: What do you want, Tanny? Spit it out already.
Arika: Wha?! Quit calling me that! It's your fault everyone started using that nickname!
Masaya: Tanny...?
I don't get it.
Mashiro: It's the nickname she's had since forever. My name means "pure white," so she's Tanny. You know, black and white, light and dark, that sort of thing.
Mashiro: Ouch! What's that for?!
Arika: Because you keep calling me Tanny, duh!
Mashiro: What's the big deal? Tanny sounds cute.
Arika: No it doesn't! Especially not when people assume I got that nickname 'cause of my tan!
...Sorry, Mashiro, but I'm on her side. I'd probably hate you too if you forced something like that on me.
Man, poor girl. That's just...
Masaya: Pfft!
Arika: Ugh, now he's laughing too! You guys are horrible!
Mashiro: Anyway, what do you want, Tanny? You don't live anywhere around here.
Mashiro seems pretty annoyed.
Arika: You won't stop, huh...? Well, whatever. I'm here for this.
Tan-- Uh, I mean, Okoze holds something out.
Masaya: A PSQ?
Arika: Yep! I was roaming around, saw two people I know with their PSQs, and figured I should join them.
Mashiro: Seriously? But no one invited you.
Arika: So what? I don't see the problem.
Masaya: Easy there.
Kinda feels like I'm mediating between two toddlers.
Masaya: It's more fun with more people, right, Mashiro?
Mashiro: I guess that's true, but... it's Tanny...
Arika: What's that supposed to mean?
Mashiro: You play weird.
Arika: You're the last person I want to hear that from!
Masaya: Seriously, just calm down.
And so, after I pacify them, all three of us agree to play together.
Mashiro: Mghh...
Masaya: Don't sulk. We can play some more when we're alone.
Mashiro: Really? I'll hold you to that.
...If Aoi-san doesn't catch us first, anyway.
Arika: I won't let you beat me to the punch! Wait, what? Where'd you guys go?!
Masaya: Zone C.
Mashiro: Senpai, do you have Autotracker?
Masaya: No need. The Encroaching Ragnarok always starts in Zone G. However, it switches zones after ten seconds. Ambushing it at Zone C is our best option given our current position.
Mashiro: Oh wow, you sure know your stuff.
Masaya: It's the least I can do.
Arika: H-Hey, wait!
Masaya: It's coming!
Mashiro: Don't let your guard down.
Masaya: Huh?!
The Encroaching Ragnarok falls right into the pitfall trap we set.
I'm impressed. Mashiro somehow predicted its path and set a trap right on where it would fall.
...Wait, this is not time to stand around stunned.
I move my character over to the monster's weakpoint, which in this case is its chest, and start attacking.
Mashiro also goes in hard.
The Encroaching Ragnarok that has been squirming inside the pitfall trap finally manages to get out, but...
Masaya: Like I'd let you run!
When it starts rising up into the air, I use a flash grenade to make it crash into the ground.
Mashiro: I've broken its shoulders.
Masaya: And I'm done with the legs.
Great. Now we just have to finish it off.
Mashiro: I'm taking the last hit!
Masaya: Not if I can help it!
I mash the attack button.
Shortly after that, the quest clear fanfare resounds.
Mashiro raises her right arm, looking for a high five, but then regains her bearings and hurriedly lowers it.
I see nothing wrong with a high five, but she's probably too embarrassed.
Arika: What the hell, are you guys in the Gaming Club or something?
Mashiro: Sorry we didn't let you lift a finger, Tanny.
Arika: Dammit...
Okoze squeezes that single word out in frustration.
Anyway, I'm real glad I'm not trash anymore.
Mashiro: Alright, I guess we should head home now.
Masaya: Right.
Arika: Are you serious? Let's do another quest. It's still bright and early!
Mashiro: What are you talking about? It's about to get dark.
Mashiro's right. The sun has already started to set.
Arika: No worries. Look, the terminal's lights aren't on, so we're good...
All three of us turn to look at the nearby terminal.
And at that exact moment, we notice something.
Mashiro: Th-That person forgot their bag!
Arika: You're right.
The person that just took off left a paper bag at the terminal.
Mashiro: Let's go.
Mashiro breaks into a run.
Then, she presses the button to open the terminal's door.
Mashiro: Time to fly meowt... Huh?
However...
Arika: Launch!
Okoze rushes past Mashiro and takes off, effectively preempting her.
She grabs the bag, too.
Mashiro: Uh, what...? Huh?
Okoze speeds up as Mashiro stands there dumbfounded.
After a short while, she informs the person who flew off earlier about their bag.
Masaya: She's...
There are a number of things that immediately strike me. Her form and flight path selection are immaculate.
In addition, she has a good eye for her surroundings. Plus, above all else, she's extremely fast.
There's no room for doubt here.
Mashiro: Flying Circus...
Looks like Mashiro's quick on the uptake.
Arika: Phew, that was a handful.
Despite her words, Okoze flies back without looking the least bit troubled.
Her speed on the way back is just as impressive as when she chased after the person who misplaced their bag.
Mashiro: Say, Tanny...
Arika: Oh, did you see that, Mashiro? I joined the FC club at Shitou Suisan.
Knew it.
Arika: It's pretty darn great.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro is speechless.
Her triumphant mood has totally dissipated.
Makes sense. I'm sure she can tell how much better Okoze is, which probably leaves a bad taste in her mouth.
Arika: Something wrong, Mashiro?
Mashiro: I'm...
Mashiro doesn't know what to say.
In that case...
Masaya: I see. What a coincidence.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Arika: What?
Masaya: We're also in our school's FC club.
Mashiro: Hey...!
Arika: Wow, really?!
Masaya: Yeah. And this girl here shows a lot of promise.
Mashiro: Stop it. Don't lie...
Masaya: I'd never do that. Trust me, I'm dead serious.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Arika: Uh, what now? Are you actually in your school's FC club or not?
Mashiro: ...I am.
Mashiro: So you'd better prepare yourself.
Masaya: You're talking like a villain straight out of a B-movie, Mashiro...
Arika: I see! I see, I see! This is getting interesting!
Arika: I swear Shitou Suisan isn't going to lose to you! After all, we have our--
? ? ?: That's quite enough.
Who's that?
I turn toward the voice and spot a rather mature-looking student.
She flies toward us in an elegant manner.
? ? ?: Friends of yours, Arika?
She's wearing the Shitou Suisan Academy uniform.
Guess that makes her Okoze's upperclassman.
Mayu: Good evening. I'm Mayu Ganeko, a sophomore at Shitou Suisan Academy.
Masaya: Oh, I'm Masaya Hinata. Sophomore at Kunahama Academy.
Mashiro: And I'm Mashiro Arisaka, a freshman.
Arika: It looks like they're also in an FC club!
Mayu: Oh my... I see.
Ganeko-san smiles as she says that.
Mayu: Then I take it you're going to participate in the upcoming summer tournament, yes?
Masaya: Yeah, we are.
Mayu: Well then, let's meet again on that stage. Please take care of yourselves until the time arrives.
Mayu: We must be going, Arika.
Arika: G-Got it, Big Sis.
Mashiro: B-Big...?
Masaya: Sis...?
There's something strange about that, but I'm probably better off not commenting.
I mean, it doesn't seem like they're making some dumb joke at least.
Arika: I'll see you at the tournament! Don't disappoint me now!
Mashiro: Hold on! There's something else I need to know now... Hey, wait up!
Okoze and her "Big Sis" Ganeko-san leave without saying another word.
I'm real confused, as is Mashiro.
Masaya: And off they go.
Mashiro: ......
I turn to face Mashiro.
Mashiro: What are you going to do?
Masaya: About what?
Mashiro: What you said to her, obviously.
Masaya: I mean, I meant what I said, so I don't see the problem.
Mashiro: I don't even believe in myself... I'll do what I can, though.
Masaya: You have me in your corner.
Masaya: I promise to lead you to victory.
Masaya: A wise man once said, "Don't believe in yourself. Believe in me! Believe in the me who believes in you!"
That probably makes me sound arrogant, but a coach has to be confident or they'll never be effective.
Plus, I haven't even broached the most important topic yet.
Mashiro: Same difference. In the end, trusting you is a choice I have to make. Think of something better to say next time.
Masaya: Sorry about that.
Mashiro: ...Can I ask you a question?
Masaya: Shoot.
Mashiro: Why are you going so far for me? I mean, I haven't asked you to do any of this.
Masaya: Well...
Masaya: Because I want to. That good enough?
Mashiro: Why? We're not even that close.
Masaya: And? I'm your coach, so it's my job to help you soar.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Why are you glaring at me?
Mashiro: You should take a good look at yourself and figure out <i>exactly</i> what you've been doing to me...
Uh, okay? Sure, why not.
Masaya: ...I don't get it.
Mashiro: Then forget it. Just make sure you do a good job from now on.
Mashiro aims a cheerful smile at me as she says that.
Mashiro: Okay, let's get going, Senpai.
This might have just been my imagination, but...
Oddly enough, as I gazed at that smile, she seemed cuter than usual.
After seeing Mashiro home, I make my way back to my place.
There, I find an unexpected visitor lying in wait.
Misaki: Yo, Masaya, I--
Masaya: You already had your share of udon.
Misaki: Okay, that's just rude. You're talking like I only have udon on the brain.
Masaya: Isn't that true?
Misaki: Yep, sure is.
I can't believe she just agreed with me.
Misaki: Anyway, I need a little favor.
Masaya: And I'm guessing we can't do it here.
Misaki: Right. Come over to my place.
Masaya: You serious? It's pretty late already...
Misaki: It's cool! Come on, hurry up.
Masaya: Okay, I'll come! Quit pulling me!
Masaya: Hello...
This is my first time in Misaki's room. Gotta say, it's a lot neater than I imagined, considering her carefree personality and all.
Misaki: Sit wherever.
Masaya: ...Guess you really don't care.
Misaki: Why would I?
Masaya: Honestly, it's hard to explain.
Maybe I'm just too used to Ichinose's more feminine reactions.
Misaki: It's pretty clean, so why would I be worried?
Masaya: You've got a point there...
Her frank personality is pretty damn refreshing, honestly.
Masaya: Let's just cut to the chase, then. What do you need?
Misaki: Oh, right. I haven't told you yet.
She probably should've told me <i>before</i> she brought me to her room, but oh well.
Misaki's not the type to worry about the normal way of doing things, so neither should I.
Misaki: Didn't I tell you I wanted to bring it over to the clubroom? Happened before the midterms, remember?
Masaya: Uh, what now?
Misaki: My exercise balls.
Masaya: Oh, right.
She <i>did</i> say she had one that she wasn't using.
Seemed pretty clear that she was just trying to pawn it off on us, though, which annoyed Aoi-san.
Misaki: So yeah, I called you over to do that for me.
Masaya: You could've just done it yourself...
Misaki: Why run the risk? Would be <i>pretty</i> bad if your player hurt themself outside practice, yeah?
Masaya: Uh... Fair point.
Mashiro's finally back to full health, so I'd like to avoid a repeat of that incident.
I doubt Misaki's trying to use her injury against me, but that's just how it works out in my mind.
Misaki: Okay, I'll go grab them.
Masaya: It's not here?
Misaki: Nope. Dad got a bunch of stuff to help "stay fit," but he never used any of them. They're all just collecting dust in the other room.
Masaya: I can relate.
My family also has some training equipment at home that's been used a grand total of two times.
Bringing it up has become taboo, since it always ends with my dad getting yelled at by my mom.
Misaki: Oh, I forgot to say...
Masaya: Mhm?
Misaki: Don't spend too much time going through my closet, got it?
Masaya: I won't!
Hold on. Why's she acting like me going through her closet is a done deal?
Misaki: Heh...
Misaki chuckles lightly, then walks out of the room.
Damn her. Maybe I should actually do it... No, I better not.
I casually glance around her room without ever letting my gaze rest on any specific thing.
I took a quick look when I first entered, and it seems my first impression of the place is spot-on. The place has a pretty chaotic feel to it.
She has a gun out in plain sight, but then there's also a bunch of pink items lying around. There's a large model battleship, but also tons of plushies.
Plushies... Now that doesn't quite fit the image I have of Misaki.
Her bookshelf has many thick, seemingly difficult books on it. And surprisingly, barely any manga. Weird.
Eventually, I see that the door is slightly ajar. And upon closer inspection, I notice a pair of familiar eyes peeking through that gap.
Masaya: ...What exactly do you think you're doing?
Misaki: Hey, I just got back.
Masaya: Just got back, my ass. Why were you watching me?
Misaki: Don't worry, I brought what you wanted.
Masaya: More like what you're forcing on me. I mean, that's the reason you left the room, right...? Whoa, it's a lot bigger than I imagined.
The exercise ball is easily big enough for an adult to ride.
Misaki: Isn't that normal?
Masaya: I guess, but it's gonna take a lot of work to get it to the clubroom...
Misaki: Say, you think they actually work?
Masaya: How am I supposed to know?
Misaki: Get on it.
Masaya: Uh, okay...
Misaki: And now I'll join you.
Masaya: Huh? How are we supposed to ride the same exer-- Wait, you have a second one?!
Turns out she had two all along.
Misaki's dad must love wasting money.
Masaya: Ready... Set...
Misaki: Go!
Wow, this is a lot harder than it looks.
I adjust my center of gravity in hopes of stabilizing my swaying body.
Misaki: Not bad, Masaya.
Masaya: I won't give up that easily!
Misaki doesn't seem to be struggling at all.
About half a minute passes.
Misaki: You've <i>actually</i> got guts, huh?
It may sound like Misaki's picking a fight, but she's clearly enjoying herself.
Masaya: No way I'm gonna lose after coming this far.
Misaki: Heh... That's the spirit.
Misaki and I silently glare at each other for a while.
Misaki: Fall off already.
Masaya: You first.
Misaki: Eat this.
Masaya: Hey? What the hell?!
Misaki pokes my exercise ball with her toes.
Misaki: One more push should do it!
Masaya: Stop! Wait, crap!
It's hard to recover once your body starts to rock.
Misaki: Here comes the finishing blow!
She stretches out her leg to deliver one last push, but...
Misaki: Huh?! Shoot!
Misaki's plummets toward me after losing her balance.
Masaya: Whyyyyyy?!
Masaya: Dammit, that <i>really</i> hurt...
I sit up on the floor after falling off my exercise ball.
Tingling pain courses through both my ass and my forehead.
Guess Misaki slammed her forehead into mine when she fell.
Wait, is she okay?
Misaki: ......
Misaki, who apparently fell to the floor as well, has a puzzled look on her face. Almost seems like she doesn't know what happened.
Masaya: Hey, Misaki...?
Misaki: Hahahahahahahaha!
She suddenly starts laughing.
Misaki: That was tons of fun!
Masaya: Are you okay? You hit your head anywhere?
Misaki: Now that you mention it, it <i>does</i> tingle...
...Oh God, please be alright.
Misaki: Time for the second half, Masaya! The battle is on!
Masaya: Huh? Why?
Misaki: 'Cause a tie's real lame, don't you think?
Masaya: Wait, I won that round. You fell on me, remember?
Misaki: I was kind enough to call it a tie, but you just had to go and ruin everything!
Masaya: What's that supposed to mean?
Misaki: The person who touches the ground first loses. The referee and all three of the other officials are with me on that.
Misaki: I fell on you, which means I was on top. Guess that means you accept defeat.
Masaya: Hold up! That's no fair. Let's go again.
Misaki: Wow, you changed your tune real quick.
A grin surfaces on Misaki's face.
Misaki: Now, without further ado, the second half begins!
Masaya: No idea why you keep using soccer terms, but whatever. Let's do this!
...Can't believe she just sucked me back into this silly game.
Misaki: Attacks with your feet or mouth are allowed.
Masaya: I get feet, but why your mouth?
Misaki: How've things been going with Asuka?
Masaya: Ah...!
Misaki: Heh... You left yourself wide open!
Misaki assaults my exercise ball with her foot.
Masaya: Whoa!
I just barely manage to recover at the last moment.
Masaya: Hey, you're playing dirty!
Misaki: And you're free to do the same.
Ugh...
...Can't think of anything that'd throw her off.
Masaya: Forget that. I'd rather focus on keeping my balance. I'll just weather the storm and pull out a win.
Misaki: Really now? Let's see how long you last, then.
Masaya: Be my guest.
Misaki: Is everything going well with Mashiro?
Masaya: ......
Um, is that supposed to be an attack?
Masaya: Yeah. She seems a lot more motivated now.
Misaki: I see. That's great.
Masaya: We ran into a girl who went to middle school with Mashiro. Remember a girl named Okoze?
Misaki: Hm...? Oh! Ohhh! That girl, huh? Yeah, I do.
Masaya: That had a pretty negative ring to it.
Misaki: Yeah, I always had trouble dealing with her.
Misaki's as blunt as always.
Misaki: See, she's friends with Mashiro, while Mashiro and I are... you know?
Masaya: You left out a whole lot there, but yeah, I get what you mean.
She's basically saying things are awkward between them.
Misaki: What does meeting her have to do with Mashiro finding new motivation?
Masaya: You know Shitou Suisan, right?
Misaki: Yeah. That's the school she went to.
Masaya: Exactly. And she joined the FC club there.
Misaki: ...Oh, now I get it. Yeah, I can see how that'd light a fire under her.
Masaya: From what we could tell, she's <i>way</i> better than Mashiro. And thanks to that, Mashiro wants to throw herself into practice.
Misaki: That's good. You talk to her about changing her playstyle yet?
Masaya: Nope. I'll get to that tomorrow.
Misaki: She's pretty stubborn. Good luck.
Masaya: I swear I'll make her accept it. That's my job as a coach.
Misaki: Hm, I see...
Misaki gives an indifferent reply.
Then, the very next moment--
Misaki: Got you!
Masaya: Whoa!
Misaki: Hahaha! And that's game! You've got no room for excuses this time around.
Masaya: Damn it, you tricked me!
We ended up going another five rounds, so it was pretty late by the time I finally left.
She claimed she had no use for two exercise balls, which meant I got stuck delivering one to the clubroom.
In a way, Misaki wasted a lot of my time over nothing, but I was happy to hear that she was worried about Mashiro.
The next afternoon.
Since everyone's in the clubroom, I start the meeting.
Masaya: I've brought this up a few times before, but...
Masaya: I'm changing your playstyle, Mashiro.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Just trust me, okay? Everyone has a style that works best for them...
I start to try and convince Mashiro, but...
Mashiro: You want me to be a Speeder? Okay. I'm fine with that.
Masaya: Yeah, Speeders are actually pretty-- Wait, what?! You're fine with it?
Mashiro: I am. Is that a problem?
Masaya: Of course not. I couldn't be happier.
Mashiro: I can always start complaining if that's what you prefer.
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i>
Mashiro: I'm just kidding. I know you're probably right, so I'll do as you say.
After saying that, Mashiro positions herself in front of the rest of us and bows lightly.
Mashiro: Today's my first day as a Speeder. That means I won't know left from right again.
Mashiro: It'll be just like when Masaya-senpai couldn't figure out left and right and ended up sharpening his weapon randomly.
Masaya: Did you really have to bring that up?
Mashiro: ...I can't wait to start training as a Speeder!
Asuka: Congrats, I guess?
Misaki: Yep, good call. It's for the best.
Madoka: You can trust Hinata-kun when it comes to anything FC-related.
Masaya: Madoka... I really appreciate that.
Madoka: That just net me five stamps!
Masaya: And what exactly do I have to do when you fill out the whole card?
Actually, scratch that. I don't even want to know the answer.
Mashiro: Coach.
Mashiro walks over to me as she begins to speak.
Mashiro: Please turn me into a great Speeder.
Then, she earnestly bows her head to me.
And in response, I say...
Masaya: Take them off.
Mashiro: Huuuh?!
Masaya: I need to adjust the settings on your shoes.
Mashiro: Oh...
Why's she blushing?
I mean, what else could I possibly be talking about in this situation?
Mashiro: Misaki-senpaaai. Coach is being a huge perv!
Misaki: Wow, how dare he! Let's make him pay for it with udon.
Madoka: Damage control will cost you ten stamps.
Masaya: <i>Seriously?!</i> That's a lot!
Asuka: Let's practice as hard as we can today!
Shion: Right! Let's do this!
In the end, I'm bailed out by those two returning things to normal.
The Kunahama Academy FC Club still has a long way to go, but...
...I think we're finally starting to feel like a real team.
★: Chapter 4 -- End
Everyone's commitment to practice is slowly but surely on the rise thanks to all our issues being resolved. But then, it happens...
We're all rocked by the earth-shattering situation before us.
Masaya: I always knew this day would come, but... this is <i>way</i> too soon.
Misaki: You can say that again.
It's the greatest enemy a Skywalker will ever face. The one thing that ensures defeat.
Masaya: We <i>really</i> could've used a bit more time... I swear, it's showing us no mercy.
Misaki: Well, what'd you expect? No point complaining now.
Masaya: Yeah...
Depression threatens to engulf me as I stare outside.
And when I do, I notice that our dreadfed enemy is right on our heels.
Masaya: Why now? Can't it rain some other time instead?!
That's right.
There's always a rainy season in Japan.
And right now, it's about to rear its ugly head in Shitou City.
Misaki: Well, whatever. Honestly, isn't it better to just get it over with?
Masaya: Good point. Still, it sucks that we're stuck doing nothing right when everything got back on track.
Generally speaking, Flying Circus is a sport suited for clear weather.
Anti-gravity repels rain to a certain extent, but some raindrops always slip through.
And when training suits get wet, they become heavier, which slows people down.
Plus, a soaked suit will mess with a person's center of gravity, which is real risky.
Grav Shoes make it easy to forget that flying is dangerous. Skywalkers even touch each other and get pushed through the air during matches, so practice is definitely a no-go.
This rain's basically killing all our practice time.
Masaya: What now...?
I had everything planned out, but now that's all worthless. Need to think of something new fast...
Misaki: Whoa, it's like a waterfall out there! Doesn't seem like it'll stop anytime soon, either...
Misaki, however, appears pretty damn happy.
Masaya: You seem awfully happy...
Misaki: About?
Masaya: The rain, obviously.
Misaki: 'Course I'm not. I just started enjoying practice, so I'm <i>super</i> depressed right now.
Misaki: Still, doesn't the rain kinda get your blood pumping?
Masaya: Uh, no?
Misaki: Have you never wished, like, that those raindrops were juice?
Masaya: Nope.
Misaki: Oh, <i>come on!</I> You totally have! We both know you weren't some boring kid!
Masaya: You know what they say about assuming things, right?
Misaki: Haaah... Look, forget juice, then. Soup also works. Oh, but an oily soup would make my hair all greasy, so stick to seaweed soup.
Masaya: Great. She isn't even listening.
Misaki: Hey, you know how seaweed soup was invented, right?
Masaya: Nope.
Misaki: Well, near the end of the Edo period, there was this fisherman. It was the rainy season and he was boiling rainwater he collected when some seaweed that was stuck to his clothes fell in, and boom, seaweed soup. Amazing, right?
Masaya: If you've got time to make stuff up, you better be ready for some practice.
I grab Misaki by the scruff of her neck and pull her to the gym.
Misaki: Heeey, you gotta listen. I'm not done with my story!
Masaya: Not interested. Let's move on.
Misaki: Nooo! I don't wanna work out in the gym. That's boring! Build a gym that's like a baseball stadium with a dome so I can fly! I wanna fly!
Masaya: Okay, let's do some running and stretching to build up stamina. Same as yesterday, basically.
Asuka: Sounds good!
Shion: Gotcha!
Misaki: Ugh...
Mashiro: Haaah...
Masaya: It's pretty funny how different your reactions are.
Madoka: Hahaha, sure is!
Misaki: Can you blame us? We've been running around in here for like three days now. This is <i>totally</i> boring!
Mashiro: She's right. I don't mind getting a little wet, so can't we practice outside?
Masaya: A little rain's enough to call off official matches, so how would practicing in it help?
Misaki: Uh, it'll help us build up a tolerance?
Mashiro: Braving the harsh weather might make us level up faster...!
Masaya: No, it <i>definitely</i> won't. Okay, start with fifty laps.
Misaki/Mashiro: You demon!
Misaki: You demon!
Mashiro: You demon!
Madoka: Do your best, guys!
Shion: Kunahamaaa! Let's go! Here we go! Yeah!
Asuka: Let's go! Here we go! Yeah!
Misaki: Gooo, we gooo, yaaah.
Mashiro: Haaah... Senpaaai... Haaah... Haaah... I'm... no good at... long... distance... runs and... stuff... Haaah...
Masaya: The difference in motivation is killing me...
Madoka: Can you really blame them? They've just been doing the exact same thing in here the past three days.
Masaya: I know, but it's not up to me. We just can't fly today.
Madoka: Yeah, it's against the school rules and everything.
Masaya: Right? This is for the best. These guys need to build up their stamina anyway.
Madoka: Yeah, I guess...
Eventually, everyone finishes their fifty laps and returns to the center of the gym.
Madoka: Nice work.
Masaya: Not bad. You two were pretty fast.
Shion: Thanks! Finished those fifty in one go! No breaks or anything!
Asuka: Mission complete!
Asuka and Prez reply with smiles on their faces. They don't look all that tired, which just goes to show that they're a lot more athletic than you'd expect.
Masaya: You two also... Oh wow, you're already a mess.
Misaki: Haaah... I'm exhausted. Hey, Masaya, get me a Salisbury steak with mushrooms from Joysan. Hurry. I want it now.
Masaya: That's awfully specific. Not to mention impossible.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... I'm done here. I'll do the rest of today's practice in-game.
Masaya: Don't mix up reality and games... Come on, get up.
I make the two grumbling girls stand up straight, then tell them to move their bodies around to help with blood circulation.
Masaya: Okay, after your break, we'll do sprint reversals for five minutes.
Misaki: Seriously? I hate those...
Mashiro: That's the one where we need to turn around and run in the opposite direction whenever you clap your hands, right?
Masaya: Yep.
Mashiro: Ugh, that's <i>really</i> hard. I'll get left in the dust by everyone in no time. Forget it!
Masaya: Okay, time to get started. Start running when I blow my whistle.
Mashiro: Hey, don't ignore me!
Shion: I've got this!
Asuka: Roger!
Misaki: Seriously, how are they still okay...?
Madoka: The two of them are really something else...
Masaya: Hm...
I've been making everyone run around the gym the past few days, since that's the perfect exercise on a rainy day.
However, to no one's surprise, Misaki and Mashiro started complaining almost immediately.
On the other hand, Asuka and Prez never once raised their voice. Honestly, can't say that's much of a shock either.
Masaya: I've gotta get those two motivated somehow...
FC may be a solo sport, but it'll still affect our general morale at this rate.
Masaya: Ugh, why can't I think of anything?
Nothing comes to mind no matter how hard I think.
Masaya: There has to be something I can-- Huh?
As I'm walking down the near empty hallway after school, I notice someone ahead of me.
Aoi: Masaya.
Masaya: ...Ms. Kagami.
Aoi: Why the long face?
Masaya: It's nothing. You're just imagining things.
Aoi: I see. That's good to hear.
She chuckles, then gazes out the window.
Aoi: The rain's getting in the way of your practice, isn't it?
Masaya: Yep. It's a real problem, since there's not much time left until the tournament.
Aoi: Sorry. Wish I could do something to help, but I'm busy prepping for the finals. It's a huge pain, I swear.
She throws up her hands lightly as she lets out a sneer.
And when I don't respond, she shifts her gaze to me again.
Aoi: ...Are you stressed at all?
Masaya: Huh?
Aoi: Takafuji's training regimen blew you away, right?
Masaya: ...Yeah. Both the scale and scope were beyond anything I could have ever imagined.
Aoi: That doesn't mean you have to copy them down to the letter, got it?
Masaya: ......
She's already seen right through me.
Seeing Takafuji go at it has really made me sweat. Honestly, the fact that our practice is progressing so slowly after training with them has me doubting my abilities as a coach.
Seems Aoi-san has noticed. Guess she can still read me like a book.
Aoi: You can't do anything about the weather, so all that's left is to make use of what you can.
Masaya: ...Right.
Aoi: What are you making them do?
I tell her all about what I'm having them do in the gym.
Aoi-san listens to my explanation while nodding occasionally.
Aoi: And how are they taking it?
Masaya: Prez and Asuka haven't complained even once, but the other two won't stop.
Aoi: Haha. I can see that. I bet Tobisawa's bored, and she's not the type who can just sit around and accept that.
Masaya: Well, yeah, but it's raining outside. There's no FC specific practice we can--
She quickly interrupts my barrage of excuses.
Aoi: Let them have more fun, Masaya.
Masaya: ......
Aoi: In order to defeat people who are better than you, you need to at least win on a mental level. And the best way to do that is to have fun. You should be painfully aware of that, right?
Masaya: Yeah.
Aoi: Then go and make running around a lot more fun.
She gives me a light clap on my shoulder, then lifts up her hand and takes her leave.
However, I'm still here, rooted in place and lost in thought, as she walks off into the distance.
That night.
It's about time for me to get to bed, but I can't sleep.
Masaya: Guess I'm a lot more stressed than I thought...
The rain's not gonna last forever.
But if I keep this up, they won't wanna practice even when it's done.
Aoi-san is right. I need to lighten the mood somehow.
Masaya: Make practice more fun, huh...?
I get off my bed and go look for my old photo album.
And once I find it and look inside for pictures of me during practice, I find a side of me I had forgotten.
Masaya: Oh, this is...
After flipping through them all and reliving the memories, I pick up my phone and make a call.
Rika: Hello.
Masaya: Oh, Ichinose? Sorry for calling you this late. Hope I didn't wake you up. There's something I wanted to ask...
......
Asuka: You want us to play tag?
Mashiro: As practice?
Masaya: Yeah.
Everyone looks confused.
Misaki: Uh, why? Is it 'cause I was acting bored?
Masaya: That's part of it, but it's also surprisingly effective.
Mashiro: Playing tag is effective FC practice...?
Masaya: ...What do you say? I feel like it'd do wonders.
Rika: Let me think...
I called Ichinose last night to ask for her opinion on playing tag as practice.
Rika: We never do anything like that, so I honestly can't say.
Masaya: Figured as much.
Rika: However, it certainly seems closer to a real FC match than just running laps, so it sounds like a good idea to me.
Masaya: Really?
Rika: Yes. I'd like to add something like that to the practice we do when there's rain, even.
Masaya: I see. Thanks for your time. You've been a huge help.
Rika: Oh no, it's fine, really. There's no need to thank me.
Masaya: Okay, got it. Well, good night.
Rika: U-Um...
Masaya: What's up?
Rika: Oh, um, I was just wondering, is Aoyagi-san going to join in and make it a 2v2 match?
Masaya: No, I'll make him do some other stamina training. Unlike normal practice with Grav Shoes, we can't have a guy compete with girls.
It may only involve touches on the back, but things could easily take a wrong turn.
Rika: Um, then maybe I could...
Rika: ...Oh, no, forget I said anything.
Masaya: Oh, alright... Night!
Rika: Yeah...
Masaya: ...So yeah, Ichinose agreed it was a good idea. Still worried?
Asuka: No, now I'm all fired up!
Misaki: Nice, this sounds fun. Let's give it a shot.
Mashiro: I-If Misaki-senpai is fine with it, then I'm down!
Masaya: Okay, allow me to explain the rules. Each match will be 1v1. After five minutes, one player switches out with the person waiting on the sidelines and the roles also switch. One touch on the back equals one point.
Asuka: Can we go anywhere in the gym?
Masaya: Anywhere aside from a five meter radius around where we're standing right now, yeah.
Shion: Wow! I see. The fact that we're competing <i>really</i> gets me going!
Masaya: Oh, you'll just be watching, Prez. Or, if you want, you can do some other stamina training.
Shion: Wh-Why?!
Masaya: Well, thanks to Grav shoes, touching someone's body directly isn't possible in FC, but that's not the case here.
Shion: And?
Masaya: ...Do you plan on touching these girls, Prez?
Shion: Ah!
Madoka: Huh? Were you seriously planning to join in on it?
Misaki: I don't hate you or anything, but that's a little...
Mashiro: Right...
Asuka: Hm...
Shion: Ugh! I can see the lack of faith in your eyes! Fine, I'll just run laps while you guys play around!
With that, Prez starts running laps while letting out a spirited cry.
Masaya: Now, let's get started. Mashiro and Misaki will go first. Mashiro is it, and Misaki is on the run. When time runs out, Misaki will switch with Asuka.
Misaki: 'Kaaay.
Mashiro: Got it! I'll do everything in my power to catch her!
Misaki: The look on your face is scaring me, Mashiro...
Asuka: Okay, then I'll do some stretching while I wait.
Masaya: Yeah, you go do that... Okay, begin!
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... I-I'm at my limit... Misaki-senpai, you're so far away...
Misaki: Come here, Mashiro-chaaan. If you manage to catch me, I'll give you a <i>super</i> special reward.
Mashiro: For real?! I can still do this!
Misaki: Whoa! What's with that burst of energy?! Hey, don't try to latch onto me!
Mashiro: Reward! Reward! Reward!
Misaki: Holy crap, your eyes are bloodshot! Calm down!
Masaya: Hrm... This is working out better than I expected.
It's hard to believe they're the same two people whose motivation was on the brink of collapse just yesterday.
Madoka: Right. Misaki and Mashirocchi are totally into it!
Masaya: Yeah, though Mashiro's motives are a little suspect...
Madoka: Still, I gotta say, this whole thing is just like an FC match.
Masaya: Yeah.
Madoka: Did you come up with it on your own?
Masaya: No, I didn't. It's something I did when I was younger, actually.
Madoka: I see.
Back then, Aoi-san suggested we play tag on a rainy day when I looked bored.
Masaya: She can still play me like a fiddle, huh?
Madoka: What...?
Madoka looks confused as she looks to me for an answer, but at that exact moment...
Shion: Uohh, Hinata!
Madoka: Wha?!
Masaya: Whoa! What's wrong, Prez?!
Shion: I'm done with my fifty laps! What's next?!
Masaya: O-Oh... Uh, do some stretching to loosen up your muscles. Yours are probably pretty stiff, so?
Shion: Got it! I swear I'll push stretching to the limit!
The very moment those words leave his mouth, he dashes over to the side of the gym and starts stretching his leg in an almost dangerous manner.
Shion: Ugh! The pain! It hurts!
Madoka: Look, I just... I'm sorry.
Masaya: Er, there's no need to apologize...
Though, I kinda get why she's doing it.
Misaki: Hey! Masaya!
Masaya: What?
Misaki waves her fist at me as she skillfully dodges Mashiro's advances.
Misaki: We should be done already! Hurry up and blow your whistle!
Masaya: Oh, right!
I check the stopwatch and notice that the time limit has long since passed.
Misaki: At this rate, Mashiro's gonna... Nooo, stooop!
Mashiro: A reward from Misaki-senpai... Grr!
Mashiro's face has turned into that of a starving wolf.
She's now growling as she relentlessly assaults Misaki.
Masaya: A-Alright, stop!
Misaki: Haaah... It's finally over...
Misaki slumps to the ground.
Mashiro: Ugh... Too bad, I almost got her...
Masaya: I get the feeling if all her opponents were Misaki, Mashiro could seriously win the nationals.
I'm not even exaggerating, I swear. The way she was moving back there was terrifying.
Madoka: Mashirocchi, take a little break.
Madoka lifts up Mashiro and moves her aside.
Masaya: Okay, now it's Misaki's turn to go after Asuka.
Asuka: Nice, it's finally my turn!
Misaki: H-Hold on. Gimme a quick break first! I'm a little too tired to face her right now!
Masaya: Guess that makes sense after such a fierce battle. Can you wait a bit longer, Asuka?
Asuka: No problem! I want to face Misaki at her best, so a little wait won't kill me!
Asuka begins to do high knees to help contain her desire to compete.
Madoka: Asuka-chan's pretty pumped, huh?
Masaya: Yep. Makes sense, though. They're tied right now, so it all comes down to this.
Asuka and Misaki have fought a total of four times now, and the score sits at 2:2.
Misaki clearly outmatches her in the FC arena, but when Grav Shoes are out of the equation, Asuka can go toe-to-toe with her.
Madoka: I wonder who'll win.
Masaya: I'm not sure, but Misaki is better at attacking than defending.
Considering the time, this will be the last match.
And with that in mind, I'd say Misaki has a slight edge here.
Misaki: Aight! I'm good to go!
Misaki stands up, stretches a little, and gets in position.
Masaya: Okay. Ready, set...
Misaki: I'm gonna grab that last point, Asuka!
Asuka: I won't let you have it!
And as sparks begin to fly from their eyes...
Masaya: Go!
Misaki: Ready or not, here I come!
Asuka: Wha...!
Wasting zero time, Misaki opts for what looks like a feint, thrusting her hand toward Asuka's body.
Asuka: Already?!
Misaki rapidly grabs at her, ignoring Asuka's look of confusion.
Misaki: Come on, if you keep facing this way, I'll get you in no time!
It almost feels like I'm watching a fencing match as Asuka gets driven into a corner.
Asuka: Kgh...! I was careless!
Asuka pulls herself together, turns her back to Misaki, and dashes off.
Misaki: Oh, you're finally heading the right way. Guess I've gotta pick up the pace, then!
Asuka is running as fast as her legs can carry her with Misaki hot on her heels.
Both of them are naturally athletic and fast, so as a result, the match just turns into them running circles around the off limits area in the middle.
Madoka: ...They've fallen into the same pattern again.
Masaya: Yeah... This'll take forever.
Matches between them have played out in exactly two ways so far.
One is that one of them gets cornered, much like Asuka was moments ago, which ultimately leads to a successful touch.
The other is the match turning into a wild chase.
Masaya: Guess this'll end in a draw.
I doubt either of them will make a mistake at this point.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai won't catch her at this rate...
Masaya: Oh, you all good now?
Mashiro: Sure am. I have to say, though, they're both <i>really</i> fast.
Madoka: Right. Plus, neither of them's slowing down at all even though they've been running non-stop.
I already knew Misaki was an amazing athlete, but Asuka's turned out to be more than a match for her.
Masaya: She'd do well in any sport.
That includes FC, obviously, as long as she can fight like this in an actual match.
As I mutter that to myself, Asuka's speed increases.
Asuka: Just have to keep this up!
The distance between them, which had remained consistent until now, slowly grows.
Madoka: Oh, wow! Asuka-chan saved some extra energy for the last spurt, huh?
Mashiro: Y-You can do it, Misaki-senpai!
Despite Mashiro's cheers, the gap is widening.
Masaya: It'll be hard for Misaki to turn the tables now...
But then...
...I see a grin surface on Misaki's face.
Masaya: She's got a plan.
Madoka: What do you mean?
Right as Madoka asks me that...
Misaki: Here I go!
Misaki shoots forward in an instant, closing the gap, then...
Misaki: There!
She thrusts both her arms forward and leaps toward Asuka in an attempt to tackle her.
Asuka: Wawah!
However, Asuka senses Misaki's attack coming, turns around, and dodges by a hair's breadth.
Masaya: ...What a close call.
Misaki would've won if she got a few centimeters closer to Asuka.
Misaki: Don't count me out yet!
Asuka: Wha?!
Misaki attacks Asuka once more.
She quickly regains her balance, then starts chasing Asuka again.
Misaki: Got you!
Asuka: No!
Now on the back foot, Asuka thrusts her belly forward, desperately attempting to avoid Misaki's onslaught.
However, because of the way she's twisting her body in order to dodge, she can't shake Misaki.
Mashiro: Yay! That's my Misaki-senpai. Masaya-senpai, how much time is left?
Masaya: One minute. This is gonna go down to the wire. I feel bad for Asuka.
Madoka: Yeah. I don't think she can hold out that long.
Their battle carries on for a while.
Misaki: Eat this!
This is amazing.
Asuka: Ugh...!
She's somehow managed to avoid Misaki so far, but...
Asuka: Haaah... I'm... almost... at my limit!
...Asuka's movements are slowing down. I'm guessing she's about to collapse, which makes sense.
And there's no way that Misaki will miss that change.
Misaki: Aight! Brace yourself, Asuka!
Misaki takes advantage of Asuka thrusting her body forward a little to dodge an attack.
Misaki: There!
She throws her arms as far forward as she can while she keeps sprinting.
Masaya: She has her!
Mashiro: Yaaay!
...Or at least, that's what I thought.
However...
A few seconds pass, yet we hear nothing from Asuka or Misaki.
Misaki: Hm...?
Misaki: H-Huh...?
Misaki's voice finally resounds, but it's a confused one.
Masaya: ...Wow.
What an unbelievable sight.
Asuka, who was running with her back to Misaki, suddenly got behind Misaki in an instant.
Misaki was chasing Asuka, but their positions are flipped now.
Asuka: ...Huh?
Asuka herself sounds just as confused.
She's rooted to the spot, looking dumbfounded.
Asuka: U-Um, I don't really understand what happened, but...
Seemingly embarrassed that we're all staring at her, Asuka begins to speak in a nervous tone.
Asuka: What exactly did I do?
No one answers the question right away.
But I know I can, since I happened to see everything clearly.
Masaya: Um, first of all...
Mashiro: Oh no! That's too bad, Misaki-senpai!
Madoka: Misakiii. Are you okay? You seem to be spacing out.
The two of them run over to Misaki.
After declaring a draw, I speak to Asuka.
Masaya: You're not sure what you just did?
I ask Asuka.
Asuka: Y-Yeah. I jerked forward to try to dodge and kicked off the ground. That's all I can remember.
Masaya: You did a backflip.
Asuka: Wh-What?
Masaya: You dodged Misaki's attack... with a backflip. And honestly, the distance you cleared is pretty amazing...
I knew she was talented, but I never expected her to pull anything like that off.
Asuka: Wow, um, what a surprise. I usually don't do random backflips.
Sure hope not. That'd be dangerous.
Asuka: But, you know, that felt great!
Masaya: I see. Then let's...
I trail off as I begin to think.
Asuka: Is something wrong?
Masaya: You know what...
Asuka: Yes?
Masaya: It's just an idea, so I can't tell if it'll actually pan out or not, but...
I just need to have faith in Asuka's incredible physical abilities and try this out.
Masaya: Maybe we can cook up a special move for you.
Asuka: A special... move?
Masaya: Yeah.
A maneuver where you switch position with an opponent that's flying right behind you is something you don't see at student tournaments.
If she can master it, she should even be able to score against strong veterans.
Being able to reliably dodge attacks and get behind an opponent at the same time would make her nearly invincible.
Asuka: That sounds great! Special moves are so awesome!
Masaya: Oh, you're all fired up, huh?
Asuka: Of course I am! The gallactica something that was in a manga I borrowed from my dad a long time ago was super cool. You're talking about something like that, right?
Masaya: Um, well... Pretty much, yeah.
Asuka: Okay, let's do this! I'll give it everything I've got!
Masaya: Uh, no, forget it.
Asuka: Huh?
I figured we could maybe build an FC move based on that backflip she just did, but...
Masaya: (Problem is, she can't even fly very well just yet.)
It's too early for that.
But maybe we can revisit the idea once she has the basics down.
Anyway, now's not the time.
Misaki: Wait, you're saying Asuka dodged my attack with a backflip?
Masaya: Yeah. Hard to believe, I know.
Misaki: Hm... I see.
After muttering that...
Misaki: Here goes nothing!
Masaya: Whoa!
Misaki does a perfect backflip on the spot.
Masaya: You scared me there. Why'd you do that with no warning?
Misaki: Just felt like giving it a shot.
...Oh, I get it. Asuka must have stirred her competitive spirit.
Well, competition can help you improve, but if it gets too excessive, it can become counterproductive. Still, there's no need for me to interfere right now.
Masaya: Alright, we'll call it a day here.
Asuka: Roger!
Mashiro: That was fun!
Madoka: And productive.
Shion: OHHHHHH! Hinata! How much longer do I have to keep up this extreme leg-stretching?!
Masaya: I never even told you to do that! We're done with practice, Prez! It's time to head home!
But while everything is acting normal...
Misaki: ......
For some reason, Misaki looks a lot more gloomy than usual. And that sight gets stuck in my head...
The following day...
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Alright, now we're done!
Asuka stops running right in front of her house, and so does the golden retriever she's leading around.
Masaya: Done already?
Asuka: Yes! One lap around the block's enough today.
She removes the leash on her dog while answering me, then chains it to the edge of the doghouse.
Asuka: I'm really sorry about taking up your time on a Saturday.
Masaya: Nah, it's fine. Don't sweat it.
Asuka: But it's not even about practice... Honestly, I feel bad about asking you for help with a personal problem.
Asuka suddenly asked me whether I was free on Saturday.
I was <i>super</i> curious about what she wanted, so I said yes, but the first thing we did was take her dog for a walk.
Asuka: Okay. Terry, sit.
The Kurashina family's dog is named Terry. Asuka told me her dad named him.
Terry: Woof!
Terry immediately folds his back legs and sits down.
Masaya: Oh, he's a smart one.
Asuka: He really is! I'm real proud of him.
Asuka proudly puffs up her cheeks as she says that.
Asuka: Terry, paw!
Terry: Woof!
Asuka: Now the other one, Terry!
Terry: Woof!
Asuka: Spin around!
Terry: Woof! Woof!
Masaya: Amazing.
Asuka: Sure is. My dad trained him, though, so I can't take any credit. Still, Terry's a fast learner.
Masaya: I can see that. If he's that smart, there's probably a ton of other stuff you could teach him.
Asuka: You're right. Dad seems to be teaching him something new again, even.
Masaya: That a fact?
Asuka: Yes!
She makes her dad sound really interesting.
Or well, maybe eccentric is a better word for it.
Masaya: Better avoid asking for details...
Asuka: About what?
Masaya: Nothing. More importantly, we should hurry before they go on break.
Asuka: R-Right!
And so, now that we're done with the first item on Asuka's to-do list, we hurry over to the next one.
Asuka: Wh-What a huge parfait...
Asuka: A-Are you sure I can eat the whole thing by myself?!
Yep, this is it.
In order to complete the next thing on her list, we made our way over to a cafe and ordered a deluxe-size parfait.
It's my treat, too. I swear I've got my reasons...
Masaya: Y-Yeah, go ahead.
Asuka: You won't tell me to have seconds, then demand I pay you back later or anything?
Masaya: ...I don't think you have to worry about that. Nobody does stuff like that in real life. Oh, but you can't have seconds, got it?
Seems her dad's not the only eccentric one in the family...
Asuka: Got it! Then... I'll dig in!
Asuka picks up her spoon and positions it almost like she's readying a sword, then swiftly stabs it into the cream and stuffs it into her mouth.
Asuka: Mhhhhhhhhh...!
She's practically inhaling it.
Asuka: Ahhh... Th-This is perfect. I'm so happy. It's delicious. Beyond delicious, even...
Asuka's expression shifts to one of pure joy in an instant.
Masaya: D-Does it really make you <i>that</i> happy?
Asuka: Of course it does...! I can feel the sugar rush coming as my whole body warms up.
Not sure why she was avoiding it if she loves parfaits so much. I never banned her from having any...
Still, it's nice to see her all happy.
Asuka: Haaamh, mhhm, haaah... So sweet... and sooo delicious...
Asuka's expression shifts to one of intoxication to match her intoxicated voice.
This goes back to when Mashiro got injured and Asuka started a diet.
Sincere as she is, Asuka has diligently followed that self-imposed rule and avoided any excess calories until today.
Earlier, she resolutely declared that she would only eat a parfait under my supervision.
But honestly, I can't say I expected to <i>actually</i> watch her do it.
Anyway, point is, I'm treating Asuka to a parfait today as a reward for all her hard work.
Eating what you love every once in a while helps reduce stress and makes you feel better. And that's the real key to successfully losing weight.
Professional athletes never strictly abstain from eating high-calorie foods, either. Instead, they have specific days where they're allowed to eat whatever they want.
Asuka: The fresh cream melts inside my mouth, slides down my throat, and I can feel the soft texture even when it enters my stomach... If this isn't happiness, then what is?
Masaya: Uh, yeah... Happiness, sure.
Asuka: Then, the sourness of strawberry mixes with that, turning my very vision pink.
Asuka: Uh, your face is turning pretty pink, too...
Masaya: ...Are you okay?
She's got me pretty worried here.
Though, I have heard stories of people getting drunk on coffee back when it was first invented, so maybe it's only natural that this happened to her when she's held off on eating a parfait for so long.
...Oh, who am I kidding? This is nuts.
Asuka: Haaah, that was a dream come true...
Asuka mutters that with a look of pure bliss on her face as the waitress takes the empty cup away.
Masaya: You really love parfaits, huh?
Asuka: I do, but honestly...
Asuka: ...I love the strawberries on top of them the most!
Asuka reveals that deep-seated opinion with sparkling eyes.
Masaya: Really?
Asuka: Yes.
She seems pretty sure of herself.
Asuka: I feel like just thinking of strawberries can get me through any hardships.
People would usually say that about their family, not strawberries...
Still, if she loves them that much, I can use them to give her some extra motivation.
Masaya: Alright, let's make a promise.
Asuka: A promise?
Masaya: Yeah. If you do well in the upcoming tournament, I'll treat you to another parfait.
Asuka: Ah...!
Masaya: You can get whatever you want, so give practice everything you've-- Whoa!
Next thing I know, Asuka's face is right before my eyes.
Asuka: ...You promise to keep your word?
Masaya: A-Asuka?
She looks dead serious. Plus, she's even getting a little teary-eyed...
Asuka: I-If you use it as a carrot to make me feel more motivated, then change your mind later, I'm seriously going to cry!
Masaya: I'd never do something that evil!
Asuka: Y-You really mean it? Promise...?
Masaya: Y-Yeah. I promise.
Asuka: I'm so happy!
A brimming smile forms on her face.
Asuka: I'll give practice 200% from now on!
Asuka's practically bouncing as she says that.
Masaya: (Wow...)
Seems I underestimated how much it would excite her.
Asuka: I'm really happy. Practice is fun, FC matches are great, and now I even get to eat a parfait for free!
Asuka keeps talking while gazing at the menu.
Asuka: Hm, should I go with the Islands Special Strawberry Sundae or the Floating Jewels Island Parfait...
Thing is, she's in a stage where a person's excitement usually dwindles, so it's great that I found a way to boost her motivation.
Masaya: (It's fine as long as she's happy.)
I hope this will help her reach her full potential.
That's really the only thought in my mind right now as I gaze at her innocent face.
Minamo: Ah...!
Masaya: Ah...
Asuka: Ah...
After leaving the cafe and walking for a bit, we run into Minamo-chan.
Masaya: Hey there, Minamo-chan.
Minamo: H-Hello... It has... been... a while...
Masaya: Has it...?
Pretty sure we met last time I was at Shirase-san's store.
Asuka: Hello, Minamo-chan. Um, I'm Asuka Kurashina.
Minamo: Yes, um, I'm Minamo... Shirase.
Asuka: I never got to introduce myself last time, so I'm glad we ran into you!
Minamo: Oh, y-yes... I'm sorry... for leaving... so quickly...
Masaya: Uh, you don't have to apologize for that...
She really is like a small animal... What a timid girl.
Masaya: Seems your brother isn't with you.
Minamo: Yes, he went... to Fukuru Island...
Masaya: I see. You're by yourself, then.
Minamo: Yes... That's right...
Minamo: ......
Masaya: Is something wrong?
Minamo-chan has been staring at me this entire time. I think she wants to say something.
Minamo: I can go shopping... without my brother...
Masaya: O-Of course you can.
Minamo: I'm not a child...
Oh, I see. It's my fault she looks so depressed.
I couldn't tell right away, but I guess she thinks I was treating her like a child.
Masaya: Of course you aren't. I honestly don't see you as a child at all. I mean, just look at you. I'd call that big.
Minamo: Ah...!
I guess that must have made her real happy, since she's pinning down her chest as if my words really moved her as she looks up at me.
Minamo: Not quite...
Masaya: Huh?
Minamo: But... I'm still growing... so... I'll do... my best...
And now she's blushing. What an oddball.
Masaya: Well, we're gonna head out now. What about you?
Asuka: Why not join us?
Minamo: Ah!
Minamo: U-Um...
Minamo: N-No... thank you...
Asuka: I see. That's too bad...
Minamo: I'm sorry, but...
Minamo: I can't just... get in the way... or steal...
Masaya: Huh...?
Steal what, exactly? I <i>really</i> don't get her sometimes.
Minamo: Well... I'll be... on my way...
Masaya: Y-Yeah... See you later.
Asuka: Say hello to Shirase-san for us.
Minamo-chan walks away after giving us a swift bow.
Asuka: Wow, she's <i>super</i> cute!
Masaya: R-Right...
Not really sure <i>cute</i> is the first word that comes to mind.
Asuka: What should we do now?
Masaya: Good question. It's not that late, is it?
I check my phone and notice it's just past three.
We've still got plenty of time before the sun sets, but not enough to do anything time-consuming.
Masaya: We don't really have any reason to stick around here, so I guess we should just--
I'm about to suggest we head home, but...
Misaki: Oh!
We happen to run into a familiar face as we turn a corner.
Masaya: Ah!
After registering our faces, Misaki turns around and tries to leave.
Masaya: Hey, don't just run away. Say something!
Misaki: I already said "Oh," didn't I?
Masaya: That doesn't count!
Misaki: Don't worry, we're close enough that we can communicate without words.
Why is talking to her always so exhausting?
Misaki: Well, anyway, hi there, Asuka. Getting some private coaching in?
Asuka: I am. He's helping me with nutritional management.
Misaki: Uh, what now? <i>Nut</i>tritional management? I didn't quite catch that. Care to repeat it?!
Asuka: Nutritional management.
Misaki: Huh? <i>Nut</i>tritional?
Masaya: Quit messing with her, Misaki. And for the record, you're supposed to be on a diet too.
Misaki: Huh? Speak up, I can't hear you!
Masaya: Cut it out already!
...She isn't eating junk food, is she? I'm getting worried here.
Asuka: Are you out shopping?
Misaki: Nah, I'm just strolling around. Don't wanna get in the way, so I'll get out of your hair.
Masaya: Yeah, no. Listen, Misaki, no one's buying your little act. If you've got nothing to do, come hang out with us.
Asuka: Yeah. You should join us!
Misaki: Tch... Didn't fall for it, huh? Fiiine, let's walk around together, then.
And so, Misaki joins us on a stroll through town.
Misaki: Feels kinda nice to walk around with just the three of us.
Asuka: True.
Masaya: Mashiro and Prez are there during practice, so it's usually a lot more noisy.
Misaki: You've got that right. Say, how about we make some memories together?
Masaya: With just us three?
Asuka: Sounds great. What do you have in mind?
After hearing Asuka's response, Misaki looks around.
Misaki: Let's see, I think...
Then, she points at a certain place.
Misaki: Not many people our age visit arcades nowadays.
Masaya: So what?
Misaki: It's a real serious problem. That and the increase in sales tax are killing them.
Masaya: Thanks for the info, but get to the point already.
Misaki: Just hit me that I barely ever visit arcades.
Masaya: Makes sense. Most people play online games these days.
Misaki: Did you use to hit up arcades before you transferred here, Asuka?
Asuka: No, I was never really interested in games... Oh, but I <i>did</i> try out the claw machine that grabs plushies once.
Misaki: So basically, that's your only experience with arcades, yeah?
Asuka: Yes.
Misaki: See? Like I said, arcades are in a real sticky situation 'cause of people our age.
Masaya: And are you any different?
Misaki: Nah, I'm in the same boat as Asuka... Anyway, don't you think we should go and visit an arcade?
Masaya: Why? I mean, you just said kids don't do that anymore.
Misaki: Weeell, I've always wanted to check one out, but it's hard for a girl to just walk into an arcade on her own, right?
Masaya: Is it? Sure, it's mostly filled with guys, but I don't see why that'd stop you... So, you want to go to one together?
Misaki: Doesn't every man dream of going to an arcade with a girl on each arm? Just think, you'll get to show off to everyone there! If I was a guy, I'd kill for the chance to walk around with two 10s.
Masaya: Wow, ego much?
Misaki: Not really. C'mon, be a little generous here.
Asuka: You're definitely pretty, but as for me...
Misaki: Stop, Asuka. Now's not the time to act all humble. We've gotta talk ourselves up to increase our asking price.
Masaya: Who said I'd consider buying you...? Basically, you're just asking me to take you to an arcade, right?
Misaki: Escorting two innocuous maidens is a most honorable endeavor for a man, if you ask me.
Masaya: ...Surprised you could even think of a word like "innocuous" on the spot. I don't mind going, but what about Asuka?
Asuka: If you two are going, then I'll join you.
Masaya: Fine, let's go...
Misaki: Yaaay! Come on, join me, Asuka.
Asuka: Oh, okay. Yaaay!
Misaki: Yaaay!
Misaki: Wow! There are so many lights and sounds! It's like I'm at a festival!
Masaya: You sound like an old woman that's leaving her backwater village for the first time.
Misaki: Lulala... Lululu.
Misaki's humming god knows what as we reach the arcade.
Masaya: Is there a specific game you'd like to try?
Misaki: Hm...
Masaya: Isn't that punching machine right up your alley?
Misaki: Why would I pay for that when I could just punch you and take your money?
Masaya: What are you, a mobster?
Misaki: Oh, I'd like to try that dancing game where you're stepping on colored tiles.
Masaya: Huh? Oh, a rhythm game, huh?
Misaki: You ever tried it?
Masaya: Once or twice. Some people get <i>really</i> into it, but it wasn't for me.
Misaki: Hm... How about you, Asuka?
Asuka: I tried it with friends from my old school, but it's hard because you need to move your legs like crazy.
Masaya: Right. Crazy's the perfect way to describe it.
Asuka: I got scared because I thought I was going to grow a third leg!
Masaya: That's, uh, pretty damn impossible...
Misaki: Aight, I'll give it a shot!
Masaya: Good luck.
Misaki: Don't wish me luck. You're gonna play with me. There's a two-player mode, right?
Masaya: You can, but why should I join you?
Misaki: 'Cause it'd be embarrassing to dance on a platform all alone... Wait, don't tell me you wanna see me acting all embarrassed?
Masaya: Not at all! Alright, I'll do it.
I get on the platform and insert a coin.
Masaya: You okay with a simple song, since it's your first time and all?
Misaki: Up to you. There's a winner and a loser in this game, right?
Masaya: Yeah. Why?
Misaki: Hm, let me see... What should I make you do when I win?
Masaya: More importantly, what do I get when I win?
Misaki: ...Um, nothing?
Masaya: That's pretty one-sided, don't you think? Well, whatever, let's just get started.
Misaki: Aight, hit me with your best shot!
Asuka: Good luck.
Misaki: Uh...
Misaki hangs her head dejectedly.
Masaya: You did pretty well for a first-timer.
She finished with a rank C, which isn't great, but clearing the stage on her first time playing is pretty impressive.
Misaki: You <i>totally</i> need a third leg to play this game properly.
Asuka: I know, right?! Right?!
Asuka nods vigorously to back up Misaki's words.
Misaki: How are you supposed to hit right, down, left, up. Isn't that literally impossible?
Masaya: How? It only feels impossible 'cause you're trying to do it with one foot.
Misaki: Huh? Then what should I do?
Masaya: You've gotta twist your hips and use both feet to follow the rhythm.
Masaya: The notes flow according to the beat of the song, so that's a lot more effective than just relying on timing and stomping around like a mad Hulk.
Misaki: Hey, me no Hulk!
Misaki: Hm, in rhythm, huh...? Aight! I'll give it another go!
Masaya: Fine, but only one more time.
Asuka: Ohhh!
Asuka claps her hands.
Asuka: That looked a lot better than last time.
Misaki: I'm starting to get the hang of it! You've just gotta move your hips like when you're dancing. One more time! Let's take it from the top together!
Masaya: Look, you can just play by yourself.
Misaki: That's boring! I need someone to compete with, and your rank is higher than mine...
She puffs up her cheeks as she gazes at the ranks displayed on the monitor. I got S and she got A.
Masaya: Man, you really can't stand losing, can you?
Misaki: Huh? I don't think that's true...
Masaya: Seriously, you don't even know? Fine, we'll go again. But this'll be the last.
Asuka: Wow, amazing!
Misaki: Nice, nice, niiice! I'm getting fired up!
Misaki and I both got S.
Misaki: Is there a SS rank?
Masaya: No, S is the highest. Well, let's call it a draw and...
Misaki: Wait! Raise the difficulty.
Masaya: What's got you so worked up right now? You know, it'd be nice if you were more like this during practice!
Though, I guess it makes sense that it's more fun for her, since she's seeing immediate results and all.
Misaki: Don't be such a buzzkill. I'll pay for it.
Masaya: I can pay for myself... Fine, one last time!
Asuka: Misaki-chan finally won.
Misaki: Booo...
Masaya: Why do you look so disappointed?
Misaki: Were you even trying?
Masaya: Of course I was.
Misaki: You didn't lose on purpose or anything?
Masaya: No, I tried my best to beat you.
Misaki shoulders droop instantly.
Misaki: You just never get excited or anything, so it's hard to tell.
Masaya: ...I don't like making things about winning and losing.
Asuka: ......
Misaki: Can someone who doesn't like competing be a good coach?
Masaya: You don't have to worry about that. I tend to get all worked up when it comes to you guys. I'm just like this when it's about me.
Misaki: Hm... Something happen?
Masaya: Nothing you need to know.
Misaki: ...I see.
Misaki jumps down from the platform, then shoots me a forced smile in an attempt to liven up the atmosphere.
Misaki: Okay, then I'm the king of this game.
Masaya: King? What, are we in some kingdom with just the two of us?
Misaki: Nah, I'm thinking there's a lotta fighting between citizens, even.
Masaya: You're the king, so deal with that yourself.
I feel like the Engel's coefficient of that country would be stupidly high.
Misaki: Okay, Asuka, what game do you wanna try? We'll go with that next.
Asuka: Um, I want one of those plushies from that claw machine... They caught my attention a while back.
Masaya: Huh? You mean one of those?
Misaki: Oh, the creepy-cute one?
Asuka: Huh? Why creepy? Its cheeks look really fluffy. I think it's just plain cute...
Asuka is looking at the local mascot, Mr. Shitou. The Shitou, obviously, comes from the city's name.
A lot of people think it looks gross, but once you get used to it, it <i>does</i> seem kinda cute. It's the kind of design that grows on you.
Misaki: Be a man and get one for her, Masaya.
Masaya: You're making me play again?
Misaki: Be her knight in shining armor, and hunt the beast to win her heart! That's what a real king would do!
Masaya: I thought you were the king around here?
Asuka: I'll pay for it.
Masaya: Don't worry about it. This'll probably be pretty easy.
Misaki: Wow, you can tell at a glance? Very cool, kingly behavior, right, Asuka?
Asuka: Y-Yes. Absolutely!
Masaya: A king wouldn't be caught dead doing something like this.
I say as I check contents of the claw machine.
Masaya: ...Figured. They tampered with it.
Plushies are laid out with a fair amount of space between them, which should make it pretty easy to get one.
I'm guessing hardly anyone plays this game.
They probably put the plushies like that to attract customers.
Masaya: Okay, let's do this.
Asuka: Good luck.
Winning and losing, huh?
If I wasn't so obsessed with that in the past, then maybe...
No, I can't do this. Thinking about what-ifs won't get me anywhere.
Asuka: I had a lot of fun today.
Masaya: Glad to hear it.
Misaki: I'm heading out now.
Asuka: See you on Monday.
Misaki: Masaya...
Masaya: What?
Misaki: There's something I would... like to give you.
Masaya: Why are you acting all serious now?
Misaki: Here... I'm giving this to you as a gift. Think of it as me and treasure it for the rest of your life.
Masaya: Keep it.
I instantly shove the Mr. Shitou Misaki's holding out to me back toward her.
I managed to get four of them in two tries, so I gave Misaki one.
Misaki: Look, I just kinda feel like having one of these is the same as being cursed.
Asuka: That's not true. I'm sure Mr. Shitou will watch over you warmly.
Misaki: I dunno, having this thing watching me sounds more scary than anything... Well, whatever. I'll just think of it as Masaya and treasure it.
Masaya: Don't think of that thing as me.
Now that <i>definitely</i> sounds like a curse.
Misaki looks at Mr. Shitou and...
Misaki: 'Kay, time to head home, Masaya.
Masaya: Don't give it my name! I feel a curse creeping over me already!
Misaki simply laughs at my complaints.
Misaki: Ready furr liftoff.
Misaki activates her Grav Shoes.
Misaki: See you guys later.
Asuka: Yes, later.
Masaya: Bye.
Misaki flies off after giving us one final wave of her hand.
Asuka: There she goes.
Masaya: Right.
I was a little worried about how she acted after practice yesterday, but now I see that she's the same old Misaki.
Masaya: (I'm honestly surprised she didn't know, though...)
She normally never gets fixated on anything, but she <i>really</i> hates to lose.
It's clear from the way she acts, but I guess she wasn't even aware. Weird.
Asuka: I'm glad Misaki-chan was so cheerful.
Masaya: Isn't she always like that?
Asuka: Is she?
Masaya: Hm?
Asuka: She seemed a little down after practice yesterday, which had me worried.
Masaya: ...Huh.
Asuka: Was it just my imagination...?
Masaya: No, you've got a pretty good eye there.
Asuka: Huh? Then you thought the same thing?
Masaya: Yeah. Though it looks like there's no need to worry.
Honestly, I'm a little surprised Asuka noticed. Or rather, I'm surprised that she's good at viewing things with a rational eye.
We've just been going around having fun today, but that's a pretty useful find.
Masaya: Alright, let's head back now.
Asuka: Yes, let's!
Asuka happily holds up the two Mr. Shitous she got from me, then speaks to them.
Asuka: Time to head home, Masaya-san.
Masaya: ...Again, don't name them after me.
I spent my entire Saturday on a private coaching session of sorts, so I'll go shopping on my own today.
There's a book I wanna get and a place I wanna check out.
I've only had FC on the brain for the last while, so this should be a nice change of pace.
Rika: ......
Masaya: ......
...Well, we're neighbors, so this sort of thing is bound to happen every once in a while.
Still, the fact that we even opened the door and looked at each other at the exact same time is pretty awkward. Curse my bad luck.
Rika: Wh-Where are you going?
Masaya: N-Nowhere special... I just wanted to do some shopping.
Rika: Oh, I see...
Masaya: How about you?
Rika: Uh, I-I'm also... heading out to go shopping.
Masaya: I-I see. Wow, what a coincidence!
Rika: Y-You said it! Hahaha...
Masaya: Hahahaha...
We both laugh and smile awkwardly in unison.
Masaya: W-Well, guess I'll be on my way now.
Rika: Yeah, s-same here.
Rika: So, where are you heading?
Masaya: Fukuru Island's Iron Mall.
Rika: Oh!
Masaya: Why are you so surprised? It's pretty much the only place you can...
Masaya: ...The only place...
Rika: Exactly...
Masaya: I'm guessing we're going to the same place, then?
Rika: R-Right.
Masaya: T-Talk about coincidence.
Rika: ......
Masaya: Uh, don't go getting all suspicious of me now...
The weather's great again today. The sky is so clear that you can see all the way to the shores of the other islands.
"Today, you should put on your Grav Shoes and go on a short trip. Who knows, something good might happen!"
That's what I heard on TV earlier.
Masaya: ......
Rika: ......
Masaya: (Yeah, something "good" happened alright!)
That's the last time I follow their advice!
I mean, yeah, going shopping with a cute girl sounds great and all, but the reality is that we've just been flying silently this whole time.
Screw that TV show <i>and</i> the good weather to boot!
Well, to be fair, our problems are strictly personal. Can't blame the TV show or weather for that...
Rika: U-Um...
Masaya: Yeah?
Rika: ...I'm sorry to ask this, but could you clear things up for me?
Masaya: What do you want me to say?
Rika: That us running into each other and heading to the same place together is a complete coincidence.
Masaya: Huh? Didn't I already say that?
Rika: I-I want to hear you say it again!
Masaya: Uh... Okay...
How's that gonna change anything?
I'm <i>really</i> confused, but whatever.
Masaya: Um, it's pure coincidence that we're together right now.
Rika: Right. It must be a coincidence.
Masaya: Anything else would be straight up impossible.
Rika: Of course. Completely impossible.
Masaya: There's also no way I'd ever ask you out, either. The possibility itself is nonexistent.
Rika: ...Nonexistent, huh?
Masaya: Was that alright... Ichinose?
Rika: Ah...!
Masaya: That's what you wanted to hear, right?
Rika: ...W-Well, yes.
Ichinose looks pretty angry for some reason...
Rika: Focus on where you're going! Otherwise, you may end up flying too far!
She says as she turns her face away from me in a huff.
Masaya: Uh, what did I do wrong here?
There's no way I'll figure that out on my own.
In the end, the atmosphere between us makes it clear that the TV show was way off base.
The Iron Mall on Fukuru Island is a huge shopping mall that's managed by Iron, which is a big supermarket downtown.
The population may be growing, but this is still a pretty rural area, so there's no other place to go for all our shopping needs.
Rika: I'm going to Samantha Endra on the second floor.
Masaya: I'm going to United Guns, which is also on the second floor.
Rika: Ah...!
Masaya: Look, I didn't pick where they place the stores! Calm down!
Considering everyone goes here, it's fairly common to run into people you know on the weekend.
And because of that, it's not an ideal location for a date if you're trying to keep your relationship on the down-low.
...Obviously we're not dating. My point is that people might mistake us for a couple if they see us together.
Rika: ...We should split up right away.
Masaya: Do we really have to worry?
Rika: O-Of course we do!
Rika: Um... I'm glad we get along so well, but we're from rival schools.
Masaya: Yeah, I know.
Rika: I would like to refrain from doing things that would make us look suspicious. We aren't exactly in our neighborhood right now, so...
Masaya: ...Right.
She's overthinking this, but I guess that makes sense for such a serious, diligent girl.
I wonder if she can even properly unwind and relax.
Rika: I'll kill some time here, so you can go ahead.
Masaya: No, I'll wait here. You go first.
Rika: I-I don't need you to act considerate. Please, just go.
Ichinose gets behind me and starts pushing me toward the escalator.
Masaya: But...
I know she wants to prevent any chance of us getting seen together, but doesn't this make us look even more suspicious?
Rika: What's keeping you? Hurry!
Masaya: F-Fine. Just quit pushing me. What if--
I stop myself from saying "What if someone sees us" just in case.
After all, I know that'd probably just jinx us. Unfortunately, I'm too late.
Satouin: You...!
A familiar girl comes down the escalator and addresses me at that exact moment.
Satouin: Masaya Hinata... and Ichinose-san?!
Masaya: Ah...!
Rika: S-Senpai...!
The two of us just stare at her in shock as she stands before us.
The girl, Reiko Satou... Reiko Satouin, I mean, also looked surprised at first, but...
Satouin: Hm...
She quickly narrows her eyes and closely examines us.
Satouin: I see you two are getting along quite well.
Masaya: N-Not at all!
Rika: Not at all!
Ichinose and I leap back in sync.
Plus, we even shake our heads at the same time as we spout the exact same words of denial.
Masaya: Wh-What has brought you here on this lovely day, Satou-san?
Satouin: It's Satouin.
...Man, she never lets that one slide.
Masaya: What has brought you here on this lovely day, Satouin-san?
I honestly can't be like Shindou-san, so I just repeat my question with the "correct" name.
Satouin: I heard that construction work was almost finished, so I came to check on the progress.
Rika: Construction work?
Satouin: That's right. On the Skywall that my father's company is involved in.
Masaya: Oh...
Wow, I'm surprised to hear that name.
Rika: Skywall... What's that?
Guess I should fill her in.
Masaya: It's a famous part of the mall. An observation deck that's located on the roof.
Rika: Really? I've been to this mall several times, but this is the first I've heard of that.
Satouin: That's only natural. It's been closed for quite a while now.
Rika: How long?
Masaya: About three years. It was open back when I was a kid, though.
Satouin: We were left with no other choice. I'll have you know that revising anti-earthquake measures is quite a handful.
Satouin: However!
Satouin-san shouts as she holds up her hand.
Satouin: Our Satou Conglomerate shall undoubtedly transform it into a magnificent observation deck that is worthy of the name Skywall!
Well, she's not adding an "in" to the company name at least.
Makes me wonder, though... Satou Conglomerate? What exactly does her family do?
Rika: I would love to see it.
Masaya: Same.
I see. I'll finally get to look out at the night sky from that observation deck again...
I gaze up a little as I recall the sight.
Satouin: Unfortunately, you can't.
Rika: Huh? Why not?
Satouin: It seems construction will continue into next month, which is why I'm so disappointed.
Satouin-san heaves a weary sigh.
Guess she's been looking forward to it quite a bit.
Rika: Oh, okay. That's too bad.
Masaya: Yeah.
Hm? Wait a second...
That means Satouin-san is done with what she came here for, right...?
Masaya: So are you free now, then?
Satouin: How rude of you to assume that. I may have lost my original objective, but I am currently very busy doing some serious thinking.
Pretty sure that's what you call being free.
Masaya: In that case, why don't you hang out with us? We also just ran into each other.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: It should be more fun with three people, right?
And this should also help calm Ichinose down.
Satouin: Oh my, are you certain I won't get in the way?
Masaya: I am. You're totally welcome.
Satouin: Very well then, I shall take you up on that offer. I just so happen to be rather bored right now.
Satouin: There's something I would like to purchase on the second floor. May I ask you to accompany me?
Masaya: Sure. Sounds good.
Satouin: Let us be on our way.
Satouin-san turns around and makes her way over to the escalator.
Rika: H-Hinata-san! What was that all about?
Masaya: We're not alone anymore, which solves our problem, right?
Rika: Th-That's true, but... Satouin-senpai had her own plans.
Masaya: The way the conversation was going, it would've been weird for us to go our separate ways.
Rika: ......
Ichinose gives me a light nod.
Masaya: Okay, let's go. She said the second floor, right?
Rika: ...Yes.
Masaya: Ichinose?
Rika: Let's go.
Ichinose also walks off to the escalator without sparing me a second glance.
Masaya: ...Did I do something wrong?
Ichinose <i>did</i> look relieved, but she also seemed kind of disappointed.
It's hard to get a read on her when she's like that.
Masaya: Man, I just don't get her...
Well, whatever. I should just follow them before they lose me.
Masaya: Huh? Where'd Ichinose go?
I get back from the restroom and see that Ichinose is gone.
Satouin-san is just quietly sitting on a bench by herself.
Satouin: She said she had something she wanted to take a look at, but also mentioned it wouldn't take very long.
Masaya: Oh, okay. Guess we should just wait here.
I take a seat next to Satouin-san.
Satouin: I must say, we have some fine weather today.
Masaya: Right. Perfect for FC.
Satouin: That is true. Shame on me. How will I ever improve when I'm not using a day like this to--
Satouin: Oh my, I almost fell for your trap. A skillfully placed question to trick me into revealing crucial information...
Masaya: You're wrong. I was just making small talk.
Satouin: I should have expected no less from the man our president has acknowledged... How very frightening.
Masaya: I swear that's not what I was trying to do, Satouin-san.
Masaya: Sure, this is a great day for practice, but taking some time to relax is also important, isn't it?
Satouin: Well... I cannot deny that.
Masaya: If you do nothing but practice, you'll get sick of it soon enough. Personally, that's a constant problem I have to deal with as a coach.
There isn't much time left until the tournament, so it's only natural to want to buckle down and grind out as much practice as you can.
However, if you go overboard, you'll start to hate flying.
And in order to avoid that, you need to keep the fun alive. Otherwise, you'll most likely burn out.
There's no one who knows that better than me.
Masaya: Well, I guess from Takafuji's perspective, what I'm saying must sound nai--
Satouin: It is exactly as you say.
Satouin-san interrupts me with those words.
Satouin: Flying Circus is a sport that utilizes your entire body. If a Skywalker allows exhaustion to overtake any part of them, they will quickly find themselves unable to advance in any meaningful manner.
Satouin: Strategy is also an important factor, which is why in order to be successful, you must have a deep love for the sport. You must be prepared to dedicate yourself fully toward it.
Masaya: Wow...
Satouin: You are correct... I understand.
That's a little surprising.
Based on her initial reaction and Takafuji's general reputation, I figured Satouin-san would be in favor of more practice.
She's earned my respect here. Guess she's a lot more interesting than I first thought.
Satouin: And that's what has me worried.
Masaya: Worried...? About what?
Satouin: About Ichinose-san. She tends to often push herself too hard.
I see.
She isn't the vice president for nothing. Satouin-san seems to know Ichinose quite well.
Satouin: Given how diligent and talented she is, becoming a starter was no problem for her.
Satouin: However, she won't be able to go any further at this rate.
Satouin: She needs to think more flexibly in order to overcome any hurdles she may face.
Masaya: Yeah, I agree.
Satouin: Perhaps she can grow further by taking up the cloak and responsibility as Ichinosein, much like I did as Satouin.
Masaya: (Yeah, no.)
That last statement aside, I feel like she's helped me understand why Takafuji is so strong.
Masaya: Well, I want to make my players grow to love FC from the bottom of their hearts. That's why I give them as many breaks as they want.
Satouin: Is that your ultimate goal?
Masaya: No, making them fall in love with FC is just the start of the journey.
Now that I've returned to the world I once threw away, I have to make sure none of them end up like me.
That's the one thing I swore to do.
Satouin: Hm...
Next thing I know, Satouin-san is staring at me.
Masaya: I-Is something wrong?
Satouin: No, it's nothing.
Satouin: It would appear Kunahama has found itself a very skilled coach.
Masaya: Huh...?
Satouin: Anyway...
Satouin-san fans herself using her hand as if to drive away the humid air.
Satouin: The weather may be great, but I can't stand this humidity.
Masaya: Agreed.
The rain is obviously the biggest problem, but the humidity, which chips away at motivation, is also pretty problematic.
Satouin: We're in the middle of the rainy season, which brings a whole host of problems with it.
Masaya: Speaking of the rainy season...
Satouin: Yes?
Masaya: You remember Tobisawa, yeah? You know what she told me?
Misaki: Hey, you know how seaweed soup was invented, right?
Misaki: Well, near the end of the Edo period, there was this fisherman. It was the rainy season and he was boiling rainwater he collected when some seaweed that was stuck to his clothes fell in, and boom, seaweed soup. Amazing, right?
Masaya: Can you believe it?
Satouin: O-Oh...
Masaya: She says stuff like that all the time. Weird, right?
I was trying to make Satouin-san laugh at Misaki's fake trivia, but that doesn't seem to have worked.
Satouin: I have learned something new. Thank you, Masaya Hinata.
Masaya: Huh?!
What the hell...
For some reason, Satouin-san has a proud look on her face.
Masaya: H-Hey, wait, that's not actually tr--
Rika: I'm sorry for making you wait.
Ichinose returns right as I try to explain myself.
She's holding a box.
Rika: I went to get this.
She says as she holds out the box, which seems to be made from oiled paper. And as I look at it, I see a bunch of brown lumps inside.
The front is adorned with a drawing of a cartoon chicken and the word "Chickenlicious!"
Masaya: Is that... fried chicken?
Rika: Yes!
A brilliant smile breaks out on Ichinose's face.
In fact, it's so bright that I'd say it's the best one I've ever seen on her.
Rika: I heard they had a pop-up stall, so I rushed right over. They're from Nakatsu City, which is famous for their delicious fried chicken.
Rika: It has five-stars on Yelp, and they're even having a sales campaign in Kyushu. Oh, did you know the owner used to work as a gourmet chef at a hotel?
Rika: And also, the soy sauce they use is special, but the owner won't tell anyone the recipe, which is why no one on the internet has been able to reproduce it.
Rika: Their whole business is shrouded in mystery. There's hardly ever any information on their pop-up stalls, so when I learned they were here today, I got excited and--
Satouin-san and I just stare at her blankly as she prattles on excitedly.
Rika: O-Oh... U-Um!
Rika: A-Anyway!
Ichinose holds out the box to us.
Rika: W-Would you like to try some?
She's offering both of us fried chicken.
Masaya: U-Uh, sure...
Ichinose is usually extremely calm and collected, but this has her on edge. Must mean this is <i>really</i> delicious.
I take a piece out of the box and pop it into my mouth.
Masaya: Wow... This is incredible!
The fact that it's freshly fried is key, but the juice from the meat is also rapidly spreading through my mouth, which truly brings out the chicken's umami contents.
This has to be the best fried chicken I've ever had.
Satouin: Mnch... Mmm...
Does Satouin-san feel differently?
She's just silently chewing with a grimace on her face.
Masaya: I suppose this kind of fast food can't--
Satouin: This is... delicious.
Masaya: ...Can satisfy you.
Satouin-san's expression gradually softens. Then, she proceeds to take notes on her phone while nodding to herself.
Satouin: Would this also work with fish...? I must speak to our head chef right away.
I don't really get what she's saying, but it seems she enjoyed it.
Masaya: I'm glad.
I have to say, though...
Rika: Ahhh... It's so good. This is heaven...
I never expected to see Ichinose stuffing her cheeks with fried chicken.
Maybe she does know how to unwind after all.
Satouin: I didn't expect to meet you two here today, but I had a great time.
Masaya: Same here.
Satouin: If I remember correctly, you two live near each other, correct?
Rika: Yes. By some strange stroke of luck.
Ichinose replies immediately.
Man...
...I wonder which Ichinose is the real one. This one, or the one who was eating fried chicken.
Satouin: Alright, I shall be on my way now.
Satouin-san starts to walk toward the terminal.
And upon seeing that, Ichinose's expression quickly changes to one of unease.
Rika: Um, Senpai... You're not flying home, are you?
She sounds terrified as she asks that. Weird.
Satouin: Of course I am. I flew here, after all.
Satouin-san replies as she flips her hair back with her hand.
Rika: ...I figured.
Ichinose's face is turning bright red for some reason.
Masaya: What's wrong?
Rika: ...Watch. You'll understand soon enough.
She mutters in a feeble voice. Satouin-san, on the other hand, simply turns her back to us and get ready for liftoff.
Satouin: Well then, I shall excuse myself.
She raises her hand and--
Satouin: Grant thy azure blessing to mine wings!
Masaya: Huh?! You serious?!
She shouts an overly dramatic activation sequence without any hint of embarrassment, then follows it up with more.
Satouin: Let us meet again on the battlefield, Masaya Hinata!
She flies off, leaving only those words behind.
Everyone around us is giggling as we blush and try to hide our faces.
Masaya: ......
Rika: ......
Masaya: Um, tell me...
Rika: Sure...
Masaya: Has that always been her activation sequence?
Ichinose nods.
Rika: She said she hasn't changed it since the first time she put on Grav Shoes.
Masaya: Seriously? Man, never thought I'd see the day when someone beat our president in the battle of weird activation sequences...
Reiko Satouin.
You're strong in more ways than one...
Masaya: ......
Masaya: (That's it for shopping. Glad I managed to get what I wanted.)
We're currently flying back to Kunahama Island.
The atmosphere was sort of strained on the way to the mall, but now it's...
Masaya: (But now it's...)
Rika: ......
I want to say that's not the case anymore, but that'd make me a liar.
Ichinose hasn't said a single word since we took off.
I don't think I've said or done anything to upset her, so she's probably not in a bad mood or anything, but...
Hm, should I say something?
Masaya: (I need to somehow start a conversation.)
"Satouin-san's activation sequence sure was something."
Masaya: (No, we already exhausted that topic.)
Besides, talking about someone behind their back isn't exactly a good conversation to have.
"You <i>really</i> enjoyed that fried chicken, huh?"
Masaya: (That won't fly either.)
That might end up rubbing her the wrong way if she's embarrassed by how she acted.
"Thanks again for your help during the training camp."
Masaya: (Yeah, that should work.)
Lots of things happened during the training camp, and not all of them were positive, so I'd better not go into any detail. Still, it should be a good conversation starter.
Masaya: Um...
Before I can finish what I'm going to say...
Rika: Um...
...Ichinose beats me to the punch.
Rika: I want to apologize for today.
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: For acting like I didn't want to be alone with you and insisting that it was pure coincidence.
Rika: S-See, the truth is, I was never afraid of spending time with you. And I don't have a negative opinion of you, either...
Rika: But I made it seem like I do, which is why I've been meaning to apologize this whole time.
Rika: So... I'm sorry.
Masaya: ......
...Oh.
Masaya: I would've done the same if I was in your shoes. Don't worry about it.
Rika: Really?
Masaya: ...Yeah.
And I don't just mean because our clubs are competing. I have to consider that she's more of an upstanding person than me, so of course she'd care about what other people might think.
Yeah, it all makes sense.
I may think she's worrying too much, but it's not my place to scold her for that.
Masaya: Well, I had fun shopping with you today. That's all that matters, right?
Rika: I-I had fun too!
Ichinose turns toward me as she says that.
Masaya: Oh... I see.
Rika: Y-Yeah...
She casts her eyes down, clearly looking flustered.
...I feel a little relieved now.
I never once thought she hated being with me, but I <i>did</i> use to think I made her feel uncomfortable.
Hearing her say she likes spending time with me is a huge load off my mind.
Lucky me.
Anyway, it seems our coincidental shopping trip has ended on a positive note. Plus, I've even learned more about her thanks to all this.
Rika: Um, thank you for this.
She thanks me as she grips the plushie I gave her earlier.
It was the sixth prize in the lottery I participated in at the mall. The very same Mr. Shitou plushie I know all too well.
I was hoping I'd never see it again, but it found its way to me the very next day.
I'm <i>totally</i> cursed, aren't I?
Masaya: Huh? Oh, the plushie, you mean? You really don't need to thank me for that.
Rika: Of course I do. It's a present from you, so I'm going to cherish it!
Masaya: Sure, do what you want with it.
I just want to sever all ties with it, personally.
Rika: I'll treasure it like it's you.
Masaya: No, I take back what I just said. That's the one and only thing you <i>can't</i> do.
Is this some weird trend I missed or what?
If this keeps up, I'll never get away from that plushie... Please, anything but that!
Rika: O-Okay... See you.
Masaya: Y-Yeah.
She waves her hand at me in an awkward fashion, then tenderly presses Mr. Shitou into herself as she walks away.
...Hold on, she didn't just ignore me, right?
Masaya: Phew... She was acting a bit strange there at the end.
Minori: I <i>totally</i> got that vibe, too!
Masaya: I wonder why she gets all nervous when I talk to her. It doesn't seem to happen when she's with other people.
Minori: Well, whaddaya think? It's <i>obviously</i> 'cause you're not like them to her, duh!
Masaya: Guess so. Man, I didn't notice that all. Just like I didn't notice you there.
Minori: ......
Masaya: ......
I turn around and briskly walk over to the girl who just spoke to me.
Minori: H-Hey, Coach, don't get too close. I'm a real serious journalist, but even I can't help but get a little flustered, so um...
Masaya: ...Explain yourself, Hosaka.
Minori: It's a coincidence! A total coincidence, I swear!
Masaya: You don't say!
I can't let my guard down around her. She may have been following me around to write some trashy hit piece.
...Wait, does she already have enough info for that?
Masaya: How long?
Minori: ...Huh?
Masaya: I'm asking how long you've been watching us.
Minori: Hahahaha, um, I saw how you flew off together while pretendin' it was coincidence, and then I also saw how you got rid of the other girl so you two could fly back alone.
Masaya: Why only those parts?!
This is bad...
It had to be her of all people! Why?! And to make matters worse, she only saw the worst possible moments!
Minori: Oh, don't worry! I'm not plannin' on publishin' an article titled "Tragic News! Coach Spotted Philandering!" or anythin'.
Masaya: We both know that's <i>exactly</i> what you were planning to do!
I smell danger. If I let her get away now, I'm doomed!
Masaya: Fork over the memory card.
Minori: What?
Masaya: The memory card. You recorded us, didn't you? And knowing you, you've got pictures <i>and</i> video. Hand everything over. Now.
Minori: Sorry, can't help you.
Masaya: And that excuse won't help you.
Minori: Hey, Coach, stop it!
I pull her camera out of her hands.
Masaya: Now what do we have here...
Let's see what she has saved.
Masaya: Huh? This can't be...
I open the folder where the data should be stored, but there was nothing inside. It's empty.
Hosaka sticks up a finger and shakes it left and right in a patronizing manner as I stand here, baffled by the stunning revelation.
Minori: I use Wi-Fi to upload the data I record to my server through an FTP. Us journalists can never be too careful!
Masaya: Why are you so damn cautious?!
Ugh... I'm <i>totally</i> doomed now.
Masaya: Guess my only choice is to permanently silence you...
I close in on her as I say that.
Minori: W-Wait, hold up! Calm down, man! Nowadays, we can take care of these things without turnin' to violence!
Masaya: That only works when you're dealing with a reasonable person.
Minori: Listen, I promise not to write an article on that, okay?! I seriously won't tell anyone! Trust me!
I stop in my tracks.
Masaya: Really?
Minori: <i>Really,</i> really! Hell, if I wrote about a scandal at our own school, I'd hurt Kunahama's chances of winnin'!
Masaya: Hm...
Hosaka is <i>technically</i> part of the Kunahama Academy Broadcasting Club.
And any person who loves their school would have a hard time doing something that would put it at a disadvantage.
Masaya: ...To be honest, I have a hard time believing you.
Minori: Oh, <i>come on!</i> At least keep that to yourself!
Masaya: If you want me to trust you, prove you deserve it.
Minori: You want proof...? Proof, huh?
Hosaka ponders for a while.
Minori: Gotcha. Lemme tell you all about the mysterious new challenger I learned about through my detective work!
Did she just say detective work? When'd she stop being a journalist, exactly?
Well, maybe she just got so into digging for info that detective work is more fitting.
Masaya: Who are you talking about?
Minori: Hehehe. Check this out.
Hosaka pulls out a tablet from her bag, enters her password, and starts to look around for an image.
Minori: There's some talk goin' around about a <i>really</i> strong school.
Masaya: Takafuji?
Minori: Takafuji's already strong, so how'd that be news? No, I'm talking about Kairyou Academy!
Kairyou...?
I feel like long ago, and by long ago I mean back when Aoi-san was still a Skywalker, they used to have a strong FC club, but I haven't heard much about them lately.
Minori: Apparently they got their hands on some genius.
Masaya: You mean someone they actively recruited?
That's not all too unusual in the world of sports.
Then again, we're talking just FC here. There have probably been cases like that with Takafuji in the past, but other than that, I haven't really heard of anything like that happening.
Minori: Anyway, I managed to get a picture of that person.
Masaya: S-Seriously?
Minori: In exchange for givin' you this exclusive info, let the whole thing about me watchin' you slide.
Hosaka suddenly stops the finger she's been sliding over the tablet.
Minori: Found it. Look!
Who could it be?
Someone from overseas? Nah, I doubt someone from Europe or America would come here. FC is <i>way</i> more advanced over there.
But what other options are there?
Various possibilities spin around inside my head.
Masaya: Let's see...
I look at the picture.
And then...
Minori: Ouch!
Minori: What's that for?!
Masaya: That's what I wanna know! I can't make out anything on that picture!
That's right. This picture's useless.
The whole thing is one huge blur.
Masaya: How exactly am I supposed to tell how amazing this person is from such a blurry picture? You may as well post it on some UFO conspiracy site!
Minori: Don't go blamin' me! Gettin' even this one picture took a lot outta me! I thought I was gonna die!
Masaya: ...What are you talking about?
Minori: Well, I snuck into their school. And lemme tell you, makin' it past their security was a real doozy.
...What an idiot. There was no need for her to be so reckless.
If she got caught and they found out what school she was from, we'd have been facing a <i>real</i> scandal.
Minori: Listen, that player was <i>godly.</i> I mean, like, I saw 'em do a buncha stuff I've never seen before.
Masaya: Like?
Minori: Can't really put it into words... I'll show you with hand gestures, so can you gimme some space here?
Masaya: ...Sure thing.
I do as I'm told and back away from her.
And at that moment...
Minori: You let your guard down, Masaya Hinata!
Hosaka dashed about ten meters away from me in an instant.
Masaya: Damn it! You tricked me!
How'd I fall for that?!
Masaya: Hey, stop right there!
Minori: A journalist never yields! Anyway, watch out for Kairyou Academy!
Unfortunately, Hosaka successfully makes her escape.
Masaya: Man, what's with that girl...
Kairyou Academy, huh?
Kairyou hasn't been on our radar at all, and I don't see a need to pay any special attention to them.
It's more important to try to catch up to Takafuji. Listening to Hosaka's weird rumors would be a complete waste of time.
Masaya: Guess I'll head home for now.
I decide to put those thoughts aside as I turn toward my place.
The sun has already begun to set, dyeing the surroundings in the red color of a summer evening.
By the time I get back home, I've almost completely forgotten Hosaka's words.
A few days have passed since my outing with Ichinose and Satouin-san.
The classroom is dead silent.
Normally there's always some chatter, but now there's nothing.
Masaya: (Guess everyone's stressed out by tests.)
We have finals today.
Only the sound of pencils running over paper, which blends in with the wind and rustling of trees, fills the room.
Masaya: (I hope everyone's doing fine...)
I look over to Asuka and Misaki, then think of Mashiro.
Since the club as a whole did rather poorly on their midterms, Aoi-san gave me a certain order.
Masaya: ("Next time, make sure your players do well enough not to embarrass our FC club," huh?)
It was mainly directed toward Asuka and Mashiro. Asuka luckily managed to avoid failing anything, but just barely. Mashiro, though, actually did fail in a few subjects.
Everyone seemed to be studying hard during the study sessions I organized, but...
Masaya: (...I'm honestly worried.)
Especially about our little one.
I overheard her talking to Madoka about a new console that just came out. Think it was called the 4DS or something? Man, I seriously hope that didn't distract her.
Masaya: (Well, can't change anything at this point.)
Masaya: (I just have to hope everyone does well. Otherwise, we can kiss our FC club goodbye.)
At the end of the day, the FC club is part of school.
That means they'll shut it down in an instant if they think it's negatively affecting our grades.
Masaya: (Aoi-san stressed that point more than a few times...)
It's probably different in a school like Takafuji that focuses on sports, but an ordinary school like ours only cares about test results.
We haven't even gotten a chance to compete in a tournament yet.
So, if we mess up already, they'll most likely assume it'll get even worse in the future.
Male Teacher A: Okay, you have ten minutes left. Make sure you put your name at the top of the sheet.
Masaya: (There's no way anyone would forget that.)
Masaya: (......)
Masaya: (...I really hope Mashiro put her name down.)
I check to make sure my name's on my sheet as I worry over the very real possibility that Mashiro forgot to do it.
And with that, I finish all my exams without any major issues.
...I can only speak for myself, though. Who knows if any of the others failed or forgot to put their name on their tests.
Just have to pray Mashiro and Asuka managed to do well...
A few days later.
We're getting our test results back, which fills the room with an air of both joy and apprehension.
Masaya: (And that's everything.)
I check my result in Japanese, which was the last test we got back, as I worry about the others.
And unfortunately, those doubts continue to plague my mind as Aoi-san enters the classroom.
Aoi: Okay, you've got your test results back, which marks the end of your finals. Summer vacation is right around the corner now.
Aoi: Don't go too crazy just because you're basically done with school for a while, you hear? Aoyagi.
Madoka: Yes! Stand up! Bow!
...Alright, let's see how everyone else did.
I rush out of my seat to get answers.
Asuka: Masaya-san!
The moment I leave the classroom, Asuka calls my name.
Asuka: Hehehe... Go on. Ask me how I did.
Masaya: Guess you passed. Well, on to the next one.
Asuka: Wow, rude! You should at least let me tell you what I got!
Masaya: Well, you kinda gave away your results already...
I mean, she ran right up to me with a huge smile on her face.
Masaya: You should've kept the suspense up. Like, you coming over looking all sad would've had me panicking.
Asuka: I couldn't ever do that... I have a hard time holding back my emotions.
Guess she'd be pretty bad at poker, then.
...Actually, a good poker face is useful in any sport.
Masaya: Might be a good idea to fix that.
Asuka: First I had to study for tests and now you want me to learn to control my facial expressions...? I'll give it my best shot!
Asuka looks oddly pumped about the idea.
Asuka: Anyway, check these out! Aren't they amazing?!
Masaya: Okay, let me see...
Asuka happily spreads her test papers out to show me her results.
Masaya: Whoa, seriously...?!
I'm honestly impressed.
I did pretty well myself... And by that, I mean I got in the 80-90 range on everything like before, which is above average.
However, Asuka scored over 90 in everything. She even somehow managed to get a perfect score on something.
Asuka: I worked <i>really</i> hard!
Masaya: Um... Yeah, you sure did.
Her recent transfer may have played a part in it, but she did pretty bad on the midterms.
Regardless of how much she studied, seeing such a drastic improvement is a little weird.
Masaya: (Maybe she really is a genius...)
Makes me think of all the shocking things I've seen her pull off in FC.
Guess I'll just have to wait and see if she ever realizes her full potential.
Madoka: Oh, hey guys. What's up? Comparing test results?
Mashiro: Wow, Asuka-senpai, you're amazing!
Misaki: Oh, nice job. Must've been hard to get above 90 on everything.
Asuka: It really was!
Masaya: Oh, you guys are all here.
Misaki: Say, Masaya, wanna sneak a peek at Misaki-chan's results?
Masaya: I already know you did better than Asuka, so no thanks.
Misaki: Oh, <i>come on!</i> Don't be like that. I did better than ever this time around!
Masaya: Like I said, I already know you got above 90 on every-- Whoa, what the hell?
I see several 100s on the papers Misaki shows me.
Misaki: My average is a 96. Got a 100 in Classic Japanese, Math, and English, which means I aced almost half of them.
Asuka: Wow, that's unbelievable, Misaki-chan...
Madoka: I guess she isn't going to let go of her top spot that easily.
Masaya: She can't be human...
She managed to do stupidly good without even really studying. I swear, some people are just born lucky.
Masaya: ...So, how'd you do, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Forget me. Talking about how great Misaki-senpai did is <i>definitely</i> more impor--
Masaya: Don't tell me you...
Mashiro: I-It's fine! I didn't fail any of my tests this time! Here, see!
I check the sheets Mashiro shoves into my hands.
Mashiro: How do you like them apples?! I passed every single test!
Masaya: Sure, you <i>did</i> pass, but...
Madoka: Looking at your results, "slipped through" seems more accurate...
Mashiro: Geez! What's your problem?! You should be praising me for my hard work!
Mashiro: You'll praise me though, won't you, Misaki-senpai? You understand the indescribable amount of hard work and effort I put in, right?!
Misaki: Whoa, you sure cut it close there.
Mashiro: You're with them?!
Asuka: B-But she <i>did</i> manage to avoid failing any of her tests!
Madoka: Right. We should celebrate that our club is safe.
Masaya: I'm not sure this is really worth celebrating...
Sure, our club is safe and all, but these results make me worry about Mashiro's future.
Will she really be fine if she keeps this up?
Misaki: She's right. Don't be so uptight, Masaya. All's well that ends well.
Masaya: That may be true, but...
At this rate, she'll either barely pass or fail her next set of tests.
Masaya: You sure you wanna keep walking that tightrope, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Alright, let's party! We need to celebrate passing!
Masaya: Hey!
Misaki: Chill, Masaya. Just let her be happy today. Mashiro's the type of girl who likes to put things off for tomorrow.
Masaya: You sure you aren't talking about yourself there?
Misaki: Actually, I'm talking about you, Masaya. I know that's how you feel deep down.
Masaya: Quit trying to psychoanalyze me. You couldn't be more off-base.
Madoka: I'm actually on Misaki's side today.
Masaya: Et tu, Madoka?!
Madoka: Don't you think taking a break once in a while is important, Coach?
...Well, I'm only really worried about Mashiro, so I shouldn't kill everyone else's fun.
This is the perfect time for a break too, since we're done with finals and all.
Masaya: Okay. We'll start practicing tomorrow.
Madoka: Nice! Let's grab some snacks and have a girls' night!
Mashiro: Yaaay! We <i>totally</i> should!
Misaki: Sweet! Let's invite Ichinose-chan, then. Oh, but that means you're out, Masaya.
Masaya: Fine by me.
Misaki: Oh, but maybe it'd be fine if you crossdress again.
Masaya: What's "again" supposed to mean?! Quit making stuff up!
Asuka: No fair, Masaya-san! I want to see you crossdressing too!
Masaya: I'd never do that. Don't believe her lies.
Mashiro: After how you just treated me, your usual crossdressing isn't enough.
Masaya: Seriously, cut it out! I'm no crossdresser!
The girls continue to tease me as they move to the clubroom.
Masaya: Guess I'll just head on home.
I've got nothing to do around here anymore.
Shion: Hey! Hinata!
Masaya: Whoa! Prez.
He flashes me his usual overly enthusiastic smile.
Shion: I managed to pass all my tests!
Unfortunately, he shows me grades that are even closer to failing than Mashiro's.
Masaya: ...You barely made it.
Shion: Oh yeah?
Masaya: Of course! You got exactly 40 in Classic Japanese, Math, and English!
Oddly enough, those are the exact subjects Misaki aced. What a weird coincidence...
Shion: Who cares! All that matters is that I passed!
Masaya: Please don't say that in front of the other members.
If Misaki heard that, she'd take it as permission to slack off.
Shion: So, where are they? Is everyone at the clubroom already?
Masaya: Yeah, about that...
I fill Prez in on the details.
Shion: Oh! I see, I see! Yeah, breaks <i>are</i> important.
Masaya: Right, and since there's no practice today, I'm going--
Shion: Okay! Time for our very own boys' night!
Masaya: Why?!
There's only two of us here, so that sounds seriously lame.
I mean, Prez is cool and all, but the idea of spending private time with him is pretty damn scary!
Shion: Why not? It's important to get some bonding sessions in every once in a while.
Masaya: Thanks, but no thanks.
I try to escape, but Prez grabs me by the collar. I can't get away! He's too strong!
Shion: GAHAHAHA! Don't worry! I'll pay for everything!
Masaya: I don't care! Let go of me, Prez!
Masaya: Haaah...
I wobble around as if I'm drunk when I land at the terminal.
I swear, I <i>definitely</i> haven't had alcohol. My current condition's Prez's fault.
Masaya: Man, he sure put me through a lot today. What was up with that...?
Shion: Yeaaah! You get me?! Do you get me, Hinata?!
Masaya: I get you. I <i>totally</i> get you, okay?! Now, quit grabbing me by my shoulders and shaking me!
Female Clerk A: Um, excuse me. Could you please quiet down? You're disturbing the other guests...
Masaya: I-I'm sorry! I'll try to get him to stop.
Shion: OOOOOOOOOH!
Masaya: Seriously, calm down! I'm begging you, Prez!
Masaya: Man, he didn't drink either, so how'd that happen? Remind me to never go drinking with him...
I've heard a lot of horror stories about drunk wrestlers.
Prez is pretty buff, so I can imagine things turning out exactly the same.
Masaya: Ugh, I just wanna get home... Huh?
I notice somebody approaching me from behind.
And when I turn around, I see someone flying to the terminal.
Masaya: Ichinose...?
Probably not. She got called over to their girls' night.
The elegant flying form seems a lot like hers, but I can tell it's different.
Who's that? Some flight instructor, maybe?
Before long, she's close enough for me to make out her face.
She isn't very tall, but her perfectly straight back makes her look the part.
However, what's even more striking is her pristine silver hair.
Masaya: Is she a foreigner?
Masaya: ...No, probably not.
She did seem like one at a glance, but upon closer inspection, I realize she has Japanese features.
Still, the graceful way she carries herself doesn't seem Japanese.
I find myself captivated by the sight of her, unable to tear my eyes away. And eventually, she lands at the terminal and looks at me.
Girl: ...Do you need something?
...Crap, she noticed I was staring.
Sure, I didn't do anything wrong, but this is pretty damn awkward.
Masaya: Oh, I'm sorry. It's just that you looked like someone I know.
Ugh, what a lame excuse.
Girl: I look like someone you know...?
Masaya: Well, uh...
Girl: You also... look alike.
Masaya: Huh?
Girl: ...It's nothing.
She says as she turns and leaves.
Masaya: ...I look like who, exactly?
What'd she mean?
I just made up a dumb excuse on the spot, so I didn't expect any sort of response.
Masaya: ...Well, not like that was much of a response.
I'm no looker, so there are probably a ton of people who resemble me.
Her comment's not worth worrying about.
Masaya: But...
I look in the direction she walked off.
Masaya: Something about that bothers me...
Unfortunately, she's gone now. It's too late for me to ask her to elaborate.
Too bad. Guess I'll just go home.
The nagging sensation at the back of my mind, however, doesn't disappear.
The next day.
We finished our finals, then had ourselves a nice little break, so now it's time for practice.
Masaya: Um, I want all of you to bring your swimsuits tomorrow.
The moment those words leave my mouth...
They look flabbergasted. Expected as much.
Misaki: I know you're a guy and all, but seriously?
Madoka: I always knew this day would come...
Misaki: We're done with exams, so now it's time for our physicals, huh?
Madoka: Ugh, the idea alone deserves jail time.
Mashiro: I never expected you to be this upfront with your sexual harassment.
Asuka: M-Masaya-san...
Masaya: Hey, don't write me off as a creep! And Asuka, there's no reason to get all sad.
...Man, they really have zero faith in me. No matter what I say, they always take it the wrong way.
Misaki: Oh, <i>come on.</i> Can you blame us? We're not a Swimming Club, so <i>of course</i> you sound like a total perv!
Madoka: Yeah, that sounds like something a super shady business would say. "Come to work in your bikinis tomorrow to help drum up business!" and all that.
Mashiro: I don't know what you're planning to sell, Senpai, but taking advantage of us isn't the right way to do things!
Masaya: I swear, you guys have terminal cases of overactive imaginations.
How am I even supposed to react right now?
Asuka: I-I'll see what I can do.
Masaya: Are you serious?!
Maybe I need to have a long, hard talk with Asuka about the dangers of fraud...
Misaki: You want to...
Madoka: Practice...
Mashiro: At the beach?
Masaya: Wow, nice timing. You girls practice that?
Yep.
We're going to do some extra special training at the beach tomorrow.
They'll probably get wet while we're there, hence the swimsuits.
That's really all there is to it!
Misaki: What kinda practice are we talking?
Masaya: You'll find out tomorrow.
Madoka: You're going to explain things then?
Masaya: No, I actually asked someone else to come do that.
Asuka: Who?
Mashiro: Maybe someone higher up in his Ponzi scheme...
Masaya: Quit joking about that already!
The next day.
I managed to clear up all their suspicions, so everyone's here in their swimsuits.
Shirase: Whoa! Is this your harem?
Masaya: Don't say creepy stuff like that. There's another guy with us, right, Prez?
Shion: Oh, the FC store shopkeeper is training us today?
Shirase: Hm, I see... A macho-type really spices things up. Brings a lot of diversity to your harem, you know?
Masaya: Cut it out!
Shirase-san gives Prez a quick once-over.
Shirase: Hrm... You've got some nice muscles there. Especially the ones deeper in your body.
Shion: Wow. I never imagined you'd notice my inner muscles... Color me impressed.
Shirase: Can I touch you a little?
Shion: Yeah! Enjoy me to your heart's content!
Shirase: Hm...
Shion: Mfgh. Nmh...!
Shirase: Hm... Mhhh, mmmh... How's it feel? Does this hurt here?
Shion: Ohhh... Ngh... Somewhat, but I can handle it.
Shirase: Does it feel better when I touch this part? Does it feel good?
Shion: Ohhh... Ahhh... Y-Yeah, that feels great.
I <i>really</i> don't need to see this... I'm sure tons of people would pay for this view, though.
Shirase: Your latissimus dorsi is a little too big. You need to keep it in balance with your abs or it'll cause problems down the line.
Shion: Now that you mention it, I have been ignoring my abs lately... You have a great eye for muscles, Shirase-san!
Shirase: Well yeah, I sell weights and protein at my store.
Shion: Awesome!
Shirase: Hehehe... I'd love to train your pectoralis minors.
The two of them look each other in the eye as they go in for a firm handshake.
What the hell is happening?!
Masaya: Hey! Get over here!
I call the girls back to me. They started playing in the shallow water because of this weird display.
Asuka: Understood!
Misaki: Gotcha!
Mashiro: Coming!
Madoka: Roger!
I know I didn't tell them to bring their school swimsuits, but I'm still surprised they brought their own personal ones. Mashiro confuses me, though. She brought a school swimsuit, but it doesn't even belong to Kunahama...
Asuka: Oh, he's the shopkeeper from the Grav Shoe store...
Misaki: Shirase-san, huh?
Shirase: Oh, you remembered my name.
Mashiro: The sign over your store says "Shirase," so of course she does. Don't go assuming Misaki-senpai has some sort of special interest in you, you hear?
Masaya: Quit barking at someone who took time out of their day to come here and train you.
Mashiro: Fiiine... So, why'd you call Shirase-san?
Masaya: We're going to practice what to do in the event of an emergency, and he's here to help with that.
Shirase: How do you do, fellow kids? Your best buddy, Shirase, is here!
Misaki: What?
Mashiro: What a weirdo.
Misaki: Nah, he's just kidding around, right?
Asuka: W-Well, I think he's still young enough to say that without sounding too awkward...
Madoka: No... That's <i>definitely</i> not true.
Asuka: A-Are you sure?
Mashiro: He's just embarrassing himself at this point.
Asuka: I-I wouldn't say that. This is a free country. He has a right to say whatever he wants, even when no one else agrees with him.
Misaki: See, now you're just rubbing salt in the wound.
Asuka: Huh?! I-I'm so sorry!
Shirase: Hahahahahaha! Hearing pretty girls talk about you like that is the best, right?
Masaya: Don't expect me to agree.
Oh God, why'd I even invite him?
Shirase: You'll understand when you're older.
Misaki: Watch out, he's a dirty old man!
Mashiro: Get lost before you stain Misaki-senpai's innocent eyes!
Masaya: Quit trying to drive him away. He's here to teach you about accident prevention.
Mashiro: I'm worried about the kind of accidents that may happen with a sicko like him around!
Masaya: Look, he may be a total perv, but don't you think you're being <i>really</i> rude?
Shirase: Oh no, it's fine, I promise. Go ahead and insult me more. Who's next?
Misaki's hand shoots up as soon as she hears that.
Misaki: Me! Honestly, it's real creepy that you're pretending to like being insulted just to get a chance to talk to girls.
Shirase: Hahahahahaha... That hit a little too close to home... Hahahahahaha... Hahahaha...
Shirase: ...Say, can I leave now?
Masaya: Don't go getting all depressed on me! You're here to explain what to do in case of an emergency, remember?
Shirase: Haaah...
Masaya: Focus...! Ugh, Misaki, fix the mess you made.
Mashiro: How dare you ask Misaki-senpai to do something so indecent?!
Masaya: How exactly is that indecent?!
Misaki: Fiiine..! M-Mhhh... I'm looking forward to your lesson, my young friend.
Shirase: Y-Young... Your young friend, huh? Hahahahaha! Okay, let's do this!
Masaya: ...Wow, that worked fast.
Shirase: It made me feel a lot happier than I imagined!
Is he going to keep this up forever?
Masaya: Enough of that. Let's get down to business.
I see no end in sight, so I clap my hands and force him to get on with things.
Shirase: Anyone who does sky sports has to attend a yearly safety course. It's mandatory.
Asuka: A safety course?
Shirase: It's a relic from when Grav Shoes weren't all that safe. Back in my day, Grav Shoes' output used to suddenly drop or completely stop mid-flight.
Madoka: ...Isn't that really dangerous?
Shion: You'd fall to your doom and crack your skull open, yeah.
Asuka: I've been wearing something that scary?
Shirase: Not really. Even back when they were new, hardly anyone died. One pair of Grav Shoes consists of two shoes, right? Tell me, what does that mean? What's the most special thing about anti-gravity devices?
Misaki: Um... I've got no clue!
Masaya: <i>Seriously?!</i>
Mashiro: She can't help that no one's ever told her!
Masaya: And you can't help but defend everything Misaki says!
Mashiro: Oh...
...No, can't let her guilt trip me.
Asuka: Um, are you talking about the fact that the output remains the same regardless of whether you have one or two of them?
Shirase: Bingo. Basically, each shoe is the other's fail-safe system. Still, the chances may be slim, but both could break down at the exact same time.
Madoka: Yeah, anything is possible.
Shirase: Tournament suits act as life-jackets, so I doubt your life will ever be in danger. But yeah, what she said.
Shirase: When that happens, you need to take the bull by the horns and save yourselves!
Misaki: Ohhh, I see.
Shirase: And that's why we're going to practice falling into the ocean today.
Asuka: Now I get it. That's why we had to wear our swimsuits.
Mashiro: It all makes sense.
Misaki: Yeah, I still kinda doubted Masaya, but this clears things up.
Masaya: You know, you should trust me enough to give me the benefit of the doubt.
Misaki: I mean, you <i>are</i> friends with Shirase-san. And as they say, birds of a feather flock together.
Shirase: ......
Masaya: Don't go getting all depressed again! Misaki, keep those kinda comments to yourself!
Misaki: 'Kaaay. Sorryyy.
Yeah, I can <i>totally</i> tell you are!
Masaya: ...Please continue, Shirase-san.
Shirase: Y-Yeah, sure. I'm good to go.
Asuka: How exactly are we going to practice falling?
Shirase: It's simple. Deactivate your Grav Shoes and fall into the ocean from two meters up.
Mashiro: Sounds scary.
Shirase: Don't worry. Masaya and I'll be waiting in the wings, so there's no chance of anyone drowning. Plus, we're not going past waist-level water.
Asuka: ...Hold on. You can deactivate Grav Shoes mid-flight?
Mashiro: Oh, right. You can't deactivate them unless you're close to the ground, remember?
Shirase: They just default to that setting to prevent accidents and suicide. People like me, who have permits, get unlock codes from the government... So yeah, I'm going to unlock all your Grav Shoes now. Be careful.
Asuka: You have special flight permits? Wow, you're a real big shot!
Shirase: Not really. You need to get one to open a sky sports store... Alright, put out your Grav Shoes.
Shirase: Okay, done. The deactivation sequence is "Fall," so make sure you don't say it at the wrong time.
Asuka: Got it.
Misaki: 'Kaaay.
Shirase: Okay, listen up. You'll position yourselves at the designated location, then say "Fall." There's a lot you need to learn about how to fall safely, but the most important thing to remember is that you need to fall feet-first.
Shirase: That'll help protect your body. Oh, also, clench your butt <i>really</i> tight.
Mashiro: P-Pervert! There's a pervert over here!
Shirase: I know that sounded weird, but I promise I'm just trying to help. You'll have lots of momentum when you fall into the water, so if you don't clench your butt, water might enter your anus.
Misaki: Bet that'd feel terrible. On an emotional level, I mean.
Madoka: Yeah. I'd probably give up on life if someone saw that...
Mashiro: Uh... I-I'll make sure I clench mine!
Shirase: Also, make sure to cover your crotch with both hands.
Shion: I hope I'm not offending anyone, but I get why us guys need to do that. It's a tender spot, after all. Is it the same for girls?
Shirase: When you hit the water feet-first, your crotch takes the brunt of the force. Tender spot or not, it'll hurt.
Misaki: Nooo! I don't wanna get hurt!
Shirase: Then don't forget to cover your crotch, got it?
Shirase: Also, this'll probably sound really sketchy, but...
Mashiro: Then don't say it...
Shirase: Trust me, I <i>really</i> don't want to, but it's important. I already talked about water entering the anus, but girls happen to have, um... another hole, right?
Mashiro: Uh...
Misaki: What is this, sex ed?
Shirase: Basically, water could... Handle the rest for me, Masaya.
Masaya: Huh?! Why me?!
Shirase: They already think I'm a huge perv. Don't make me take a hit that could shatter my heart to pieces...
...Ugh, what a pain!
Masaya: Oh, um, your hymen...
Misaki: What the hell, Masaya!
Mashiro: How sick are you?! I can't believe you're saying that in front of us girls.
Masaya: Shut up! Point is, the water pressure from the fall could damage it, so you have to be careful.
Shirase: Wow, Masaya, shame on you.
Masaya: Hey, don't stab me in the back! L-Look, just make sure you have your crotches covered.
Misaki: Giving your virginity to the great blue sea, now that sounds poetic. Bit too poetic for me, though.
Madoka: ...That's poetic? How?
Misaki: I mean, if you're a fisherman or something, it might be?
Someone really needs to teach this girl a lesson.
Asuka: I-I'll do everything I can to protect it!
Mashiro: M-Me too!
Shirase: Okay, I'll demonstrate how to position yourself as you fall, so make sure to copy me. Your life depends on this, so take it seriously.
Shirase-san, Madoka, and I push our way through the water as we watch everyone float above us.
Shirase: Alright. This looks like a good spot.
Madoka: Neither of you get to touch the girls unless they get hurt or start drowning.
Masaya: Yeah, yeah.
Madoka: You sure you understand? One little screw up here could kill our club.
I <i>really</i> doubt that.
Still, there's no point arguing. Better change the topic.
Masaya: Hey, there's something I'd like to ask you.
Madoka: Yeah?
Masaya: Why are <i>you</i> wearing a swim-- Ugggh!
Masaya: Why are <i>you</i> wearing a swim--.
Ugggh!
She interrupts me by throwing a towel over my face.
Madoka: ...You expect me to wear my uniform when no one else is?
Masaya: Why not? You're the manager.
Madoka: A manager has to strut her stuff too, okay?!
Masaya: Uh, what...?
I don't really get it, but whatever.
I'll just pretend she means a manager should share in the highs and lows of their players.
Shirase: Who's up first?
Shion: I, the club president, volunteer!
Shirase: Roger. Well, whenever you're ready.
Prez locks his legs in place and covers his crotch with his hands. Then...
Shion: FALL!
He falls, which makes water splash in all directions almost immediately.
Asuka: Whawhawha?!
Misaki: Wooow! I mean, I <i>totally</i> saw that coming, but it happened faster than I thought.
Mashiro: I-It's scary.
Madoka: You okay?
Shion: Worry not, my sister. This is nothing.
Shirase: Nice job. You managed to enter the water feet-first. Your posture was very good, too. Probably thanks to your muscles, I reckon.
Shion: Of course. The path of muscles conquers all!
Shirase: That makes a lot of sense... May I touch your biceps brachii a little?
Masaya: Do that later.
Shirase: That's unfortunate. But fine, I'll wait until later. So, who wants to go next?
Mashiro: C-Can I go?
Misaki: Wow, when'd you grow a spine? You go, girl!
Mashiro: I just want to get this over with as soon as possible.
Asuka: Be careful.
Misaki: The sea'll become your boyfriend if you fail.
Mashiro: I-I won't fail.
Masaya: Quit scaring her, Misaki! That'd never happen from such a short fall.
Shirase: Try not to be tense. I know it's probably not possible, but relax.
Asuka: Mashiro-chan. Take a deep breath.
Mashiro: O-Okay... Hoooh... Haaah... Okay, here I go!
Misaki: Good luck!
Mashiro: Haaah... Fall!
Mashiro lands perfectly.
A little bit of water scatters about as her legs pierce the water.
Shirase: Wow, that was a beautiful fall. It doesn't hurt anywhere, right?
Mashiro: Yeah, not at all. Actually, it was kind of fun...
Madoka: I can see that. I mean, there are tons of amusement park rides that involve falling, right?
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai, Asuka-senpai, there's nothing to worry about. You can look at me for proof!
Misaki: Cool. Guess I'll go next.
Asuka: Go right ahead.
Masaya: Don't try to be funny and fall in a weird way, got it?
Misaki: Who do you think I am?
Misaki stretches out her legs, covers her crotch with her hands, and...
Misaki: Fall.
Madoka: What the?!
Mashiro: Whoa! Water got into my eyes...
A noticeably larger amount of water splashes about as Misaki lands.
Shirase: But why? It didn't look like her posture was off when she hit the water.
Misaki: Ouch...
Misaki grimaces a little. Is she in pain?
Masaya: Huh? It hurt?
Mashiro: Where does it hurt?
Madoka: Did you twist your ankle or something?
Misaki: Uh, no, that's not it... Um, you see...
Masaya: What's there to hide? This is practice, so we need to use this time to fix whatever problems we can.
Misaki: L-Look... Um... It hurt my...
Misaki hits the water with both her hands in an irritated fashion as she stumbles over her words.
Misaki: Um... My chest... My chest hurts!
Masaya: Oh... Ohhh, I see.
Mashiro: Huh? What?! H-Hey, quit comparing us! That's sexual harassment!
Masaya: What? That's not why I was looking!
Mashiro: It doesn't matter! I know you were silently thinking "Oh, she didn't feel anything because she has no boobs to collide with the water!" and that's bad enough!
Misaki: Calm down. That part adds to your charm, so it's fine.
Mashiro: Uhhh! Well, it's fine if you like it!
Madoka: Wow, she got over that real fast.
Mashiro: Yours are just too big! Th-That just adds to your charm, though!
Madoka: Hahahaha. Love is in the air!
Misaki: Nope. Think again.
Mashiro: Why don't we try falling together? I'll make sure to support them from below!
Masaya: Why would you need to practice that? It'd never actually happen.
Shirase: You might be able to mitigate it by bending your upper body back, but...
Misaki: But?
Shirase: You wouldn't do that in an emergency, right? That's why it's better to learn to bear the pain.
Misaki: Haaah... I've just gotta deal with it, huh? Well, it's not like it was that bad... Asukaaa! You're definitely gonna get hurt!
Asuka: D-Don't scare me!
Mashiro: Why do you keep bringing that up in front of me?! What is this?! Body shaming?!
Misaki: Not at all.
Asuka: Oh no... Now I'm scared.
Masaya: Shirase-san said you can mitigate the pain by bending your upper body back as you enter the water.
Asuka: ...O-Okay.
Misaki: I dunno about that. If I were you, I'd be real worried about losing them...
Asuka: N-No, that's too scary! Don't even joke about that!
Misaki: Hahahaha! Don't worry. It only hurt a little.
Mashiro: Hahahaha...! I sure wish I was born lucky...
Masaya: Asuka, get on with it before Mashiro loses her will to live.
Mashiro: I-I'm doing just fine, thanks!
Masaya: Okay, go ahead, Asuka.
Asuka: Y-Yes. I just have to bend back and... Okay, here I go. F-Fall!
Masaya: ...Huh?
Asuka: What?!
She must have been too focused on bending, since now she's falling backward instead.
Worst part is, she's heading right toward me.
My first reaction is to try and dodge, but the water is slowing me down.
Guess I'd better catch her before she crashes into me.
Asuka: Noooooo!
Masaya: Kgh!
Misaki: Masaya?!
Mashiro: Whoa!
I sink into the water with Asuka in my arms.
But luckily, I manage to withstand the impact.
After a moment, I force myself up.
Masaya: Pwaaah!
Asuka: Ah...!
I stand up with Asuka still in my arms.
Shirase: That was a dangerous fall. Are you two alright?
Masaya: I'm fine. What about you, Asuka?
Asuka: I-I'm okay. Sorry. And thanks for catching me.
Masaya: We're both fine, so it's all good.
Asuka: So, um... Umm, your hands...
Both of my hands are currently buried in... Asuka's breasts.
Masaya: Wh-Whoa! I-I'm sorry!
I hurriedly remove my hands.
Misaki: When'd my life turn into an anime?
Mashiro: He <i>definitely</i> did that on purpose.
Masaya: There's no way that's true! I didn't have enough time!
Madoka: You'll kill our club if you keep this up, understand?
Masaya: This is obviously never gonna happen again!
Shirase: I see. This really is Masaya's harem...
Masaya: Look!
Shion: Hinata, feel free to touch my pecs.
Masaya: Don't start blushing as you say that!
Madoka: Okay, that's enough. We need to keep practicing, right?
Shirase: Yeah, you need to build up your muscle memory.
Madoka: Then let's get going.
Madoka wades over to me after saying that.
What a reliable manager!
Madoka: ...You better thank me for that one.
Correction.
What a reliable, terrifying manager.
Asuka: I'm sorry I put you in that situation.
Masaya: No, it's okay. I don't mind, really.
Misaki: 'Course he doesn't. I bet he loved it.
Masaya: I didn't!
...Okay, maybe I did, but I could never admit that.
Masaya: Let's just get back to practice, okay?!
Mashiro: ...Would I manage to break your skull if I fell directly on your head?
Masaya: Why would you ever even think of that?
Mashiro: I figured I should warn you about what'll happen if you touch me.
Masaya: I didn't try to touch Asuka, okay?! Enough, get back to practice.
Practice goes smoothly after that point.
Well, other than those dangerous looks Madoka kept shooting me, anyway.
Masaya: That's all folks!
Mashiro: That was pretty fun!
Asuka: Thank you, Shirase-san.
Shirase: You're welcome. As for payment... Why not stop by my store again soon?
Mashiro: It's kind of fishy that you're acting normal right at the end.
Shirase: Come on, I got you through practice safely, didn't I? That has to be worth something.
Masaya: All the weird stuff you said earlier probably cancels that out, Shirase-san.
...Huh?
Come to think of it, where'd Misaki go? Did she leave already?
Misaki: Oh, you're all saying goodbye already? Glad I made it in time.
Speak of the devil.
Misaki's making her way back to us.
Misaki: Masaya, we're done with practice for the day, right?
Masaya: Yeah, feel free to go back and get changed... Wait, what's that?
Misaki's holding a rather dangerous-looking weapon.
Misaki: A TEC-9, duh!
Masaya: I didn't ask for the model. Explain.
Misaki: It's a military-use SMG that was developed by Intratec. Mobsters in America started using it in the 80s, so it shows up a lot in movies.
Masaya: I meant explain yourself!
Misaki: Are you dumb? To do this, of course!
Misaki's sounding awfully chipper here...
Misaki: Here, this one's for you, Madoka. It's a Sterling.
Madoka: Huh?
Misaki: This is yours, Asuka. It's an AK-47.
Asuka: Wh-What?
Misaki: And Mashiro, since you're tiny, you get the Uzi.
Mashiro: I'll gladly accept any gift from you... but what's this for?
Misaki: I'll tell you in a bit. Okay guys, let's head on up!
The girls follow Misaki into the sky.
Misaki: Okay, I hereby announce the Kunahama Academy FC Club's first ever water gun battle royale!
Misaki: Eat lead, punk! Die!
Madoka: Wha?! How could you, Misaki?! I won't let you get away with that!
Misaki: What the...? Who... Hey! Don't... Don't shoot my breasts... Nooo!
Madoka: Your sexy voice has no effect on me! Take this!
Misaki: Tch, right... 'Kay, then it's payback time!
Madoka: Ahhhhhh! God, I know you shot me there on purpose! Cut it out!
Mashiro: Senpai! Please shoot me!
Misaki: Huh? Oh, sure, here goes nothing!
Mashiro: Oh nooo! It tickles... It tickles, but it feels <i>sooo</i> good!
Misaki: You some kinda masochist, Mashiro? You're honestly scaring me.
Asuka: U-Um, did we start already...?
Misaki: 'Course we have. Come join in on the fun, Asuka!
Asuka: Huh? Ahhh, nooo! Th-The water's... hitting my breasts... Mhhh!
Misaki: What the hell do you think you're staring at, Masaya?!
Masaya: Nothing!
Mashiro: Senpai, I <i>will</i> remember this!
Masaya: Please don't!
Asuka: I-I'll get you good! Eat this!
Misaki: Huh...? What the... Noooooo! A-Asuka, you're going <i>way</i> too far. That place is obviously off limits!
Asuka: I-I didn't do it on purpose!
Madoka: Caught you sleeping, Mashirocchi!
Mashiro: Huh? Nooo! I-It tickles, Aoyagi-senpai!
...What the hell is happening?
We were all hyperfocused on practice until a moment ago, but Misaki's toys have killed all the tension.
Shion: Wow! That looks fun!
Masaya: Don't even try to join them. Madoka'd probably stop you anyway, so just sit this one out.
Misaki: Get a load of this!
Mashiro: More! Shoot me moreee!
Asuka: I-I won't let you finish me off!
Madoka: Prepare yourself, Misaki!
...Man, they're <i>really</i> enjoying themselves. Unbelievable.
Masaya: What a mess. Sorry about them.
I apologize to Shirase-san.
Shirase: I don't see anything wrong here. It's great that they're having fun. Besides, you could even consider this FC practice.
Masaya: Guess you have a point...
They're flying about in all directions, shooting water at each other, and dodging. In a way, it's dogfight practice.
Goes without saying that Misaki didn't even think of that, though.
Shirase: And also...
Shirase-san's expression turns grave.
Shirase: ...I'm relieved to see you're having a good time.
Masaya: Why relieved?
Shirase: Well, I was just worried that you were spending your days all alone in a depressed funk.
He's only like this because he knows about my breakdown.
Masaya: ...I won't ever return to being a player.
Shirase: That's fine. Do whatever you want.
Shirase-san says that with a smile on his face.
After that, we spent our days practicing for the upcoming tournament.
We repeated the same exercises over and over, while also making sure to mix in some more fun activities.
Time flew right by us, and now the tournament's right around the corner.
Masaya: So yeah, we've only got a week left until the tournament.
I let my gaze wander over all our members as I say that.
Masaya: And with that said...
Masaya: I wanna get some practice matches in that are as close to the real thing as possible.
Madoka: Right, that makes sense. It should help them get a feel for it.
Misaki: Yaaay! I love me some matches! Practicing the basics is for losers!
Masaya: Can you not?
Shion: Ngh! Tournament-like practice matches, huh?! I'm all fired up now!
Asuka: But who'll be the seconds for these matches?
Mashiro: Yeah. It won't feel like a real match unless we have seconds, right?
Misaki: She's got a point. It'd be weird for only one player to have a second, but Masaya can't help both the people on the field.
Asuka: Why don't you take a crack at it, Madoka-chan?
Madoka: No can do. I'm the referee.
Masaya: You guys are worrying over nothing.
Misaki: Oh, I get it. You're gonna split into two, right?
Masaya: I'm no amoeba, dammit!
I swear, Misaki can't go a minute without cracking a joke.
Masaya: I've already asked Aoi-san to serve as a second.
Mashiro: Ms. Kagami, huh...? Is it just me, or does that sound scary?
Asuka: Y-Yes, a little.
Misaki: I can <i>totally</i> imagine her laughing at you through the headset, can't you?
Masaya: No, I can't. She always tells it like it is, regardless of if you're winning or losing.
Asuka: Has she ever been your second?
Masaya: Huh? Well, yeah, but that was a long time ago.
Asuka: O-Oh, okay.
Asuka hurriedly glosses over the situation.
Man, she's not to blame or anything. I shouldn't have reacted like that...
Masaya: We'll decide the pairs with rock-paper-scissors before each match.
Asuka: ...That seems fair.
Shion: Who's facing who?
Masaya: We barely have any players, so we'll go with a round robin.
Misaki: Aight! Let's get this show on the road!
Masaya: Calm down.
If only she was this enthusiastic about practice...
Misaki: Everyone knows it's best to get to matches ASAP.
Masaya: How many times do I have to tell you to quit making stuff up? You might hurt yourself if you don't do some warm ups first.
Misaki: But that'll just make you run out of steam during the match.
Mashiro: I'm with her.
I swear, these two never let me catch a break.
Masaya: What's that? You two wanna do some stamina training...? No? Then zip it and get to field flying.
Once the round robin practice matches end, everyone lines up in front of Aoi-san.
Aoi: I'm impressed. You didn't have much time to practice, but you've all improved a lot.
Masaya: Thanks for your help today, Ms. Kagami.
Aoi: Seems like your coaching worked wonders. Maybe they'll actually do well.
Masaya: Y-You think?
Aoi: Maybe is the keyword there. Just make sure you don't overdo it with practice. They need to be in peak condition on the day of the tournament.
Right, of course.
Asuka: Can we not push ourselves at all? I want to get some more practice in before the tournament!
Masaya: That's a bad idea. All your hard work will be for nothing if you get injured.
Asuka: But...
Asuka lost all her matches.
Sure, you <i>could</i> say that's because she's lacking experience, except she even lost to Mashiro.
It's no wonder she's so anxious.
Aoi: The secret to performing well in tournaments is to get enough rest. I'm not telling you stop practicing, but take it easy at least.
Asuka: I understand...
Asuka casts her eyes downward. Seems she doesn't want to agree.
Aoi: ...Fine. If you're that determined, practice to your heart's content.
Asuka: Huh? Really?
Aoi: Yeah.
Asuka: Th-Thank you!
Masaya: Are you sure that's okay?
Aoi: It's not like this upcoming tournament will be her last.
Masaya: That may be true, but...
Aoi: Sometimes, it's better to respect their motivation. Besides, all beginners go through a phase where they want to spend all their free time practicing.
She closes her mouth and looks at me as she says that. Her eyes seem to asking, "You know that, right?"
And yeah, I do.
I lived through it, even.
There are instances where you get the urge to pump all your time into FC.
And when that happens, you tend to practice so hard that it seems a bit crazy and counterproductive from the outside.
That's just how extreme it gets.
You just want live and breathe FC, and you do whatever you can to make that possible.
I've heard that the best players all have moments like that quite often.
Who knows, maybe the ability to feel that way is talent in its own right.
So all things considered...
Asuka: ......
It's hard to say just yet, but Asuka might just become a top Skywalker if she keeps this up.
Still, she looks a little sad right now. Should I tell her that story?
...Right, it's better to tell her. Might help keep her motivated.
Asuka always takes what I say in the most positive light, so this should work.
Masaya: Do you want to practice that badly?
Asuka: Yes. Honestly, I'm having a hard time holding myself back.
Masaya: Well, that's a good thing if you ask me. It'll <i>definitely</i> help you improve quickly.
Asuka: D-Do you really believe that? Thank you!
Asuka's slightly dejected expression brightens up in an instant.
...Yeah, that's the Asuka I know. A smile suits her best.
Masaya: That said, you shouldn't push yourself to your limit during practice.
Asuka: Oh, I shouldn't...?
...What exactly was she planning to do?
...No, empty words won't help her at all.
Asuka needs to think for herself.
Guess I'll just sit back and trust her.
Aoi: Oh, right. Masaya, keep a close eye on her and make sure she doesn't get injured.
Masaya: Will do.
Aoi: Do whatever it takes to stop her if she gets too reckless.
Asuka: Yes, please do!
Masaya: How reckless are we talking here, exactly?
Asuka: Let's see... Throwing myself against rocks to toughen up my body?
Masaya: ...I'd call that self-harm, not practice. Well, go on. I'll make sure to keep you in check.
Asuka: Understood!
Aoi-san said the upcoming tournament wasn't important, but I still want Asuka to win at least one match.
The joy of winning can really change a person, so I want her to learn how that feels.
Aoi: Okay. Onto Tobisawa... I'm impressed that you crushed all your matches, but you need to improve your stamina.
Misaki was panting heavily until just a few moments ago.
Misaki: Rogeeer!
She never changes.
"Crushed" is an understatement. It's clear from the matches that she's way better than everyone else in our club.
Come to think of it, how long did she compete in FC at her old school?
I've been meaning to ask, but I never quite found the right timing.
Asuka: Misaki-chan could actually finish near the top, don't you think?
Shion: If she doesn't have bad luck with her opponents, then yeah.
Mashiro: That's right. Go for first place, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Hahahaha. Should I? Should I go for first place?
Aoi: It's good to aim for the top, so you may as well play to win.
Misaki: Got it!
Given Aoi-san's position, it's only natural for her to say something like that, but...
Her placement depends entirely on how soon she faces Shindou-san. If she lucks out and avoids him early, she can get pretty far.
I guess it also remains to be seen how she does against opponents that rely purely on speed.
Misaki has improved since the training camp, but that's still her greatest weakness.
Sure, she destroyed Prez today, but that's just because she watches him practice all the time.
Plus, Prez is the most straightforward Speeder I know. The man still refuses to use any sort of feint.
Still, if she faced him for the first time without any prior knowledge of his skills, he'd probably give her a run for her money.
Aoi: As for you Aoyagi... I have nothing to say. Honestly, I'm impressed that you managed to tune out everyone else and focus solely on your speed. Go and hit your opponents with the full weight of those past three years of intense training.
Shion: You bet I will! Watch in awe as all my opponents eat my dust!
Prez is <i>super</i> pumped.
He lost to Misaki earlier, but Mashiro and Asuka were no match for him.
Asuka: I want to fly like Prez...
Masaya: Trust me, you <i>really</i> don't.
He only got that good by completely disregarding the very concept of winning or losing. At this point, it almost feels like he's playing a different sport.
Still...
The guy had absolutely no tricks up his sleeve, but he still managed to beat two opponents that knew him front to back.
Just goes to show how fast he really is.
Misaki definitely isn't good enough to beat Shindou-san yet, but there's a chance Prez could.
A slim one, but that's still better than nothing.
The way I see it, Prez has the best shot of winning the whole thing.
Aoi: Next is Arisaka. Let's see... Try to win at least one match, okay? Your style is... very unbalanced right now.
Mashiro: Yeah... I know. It's clear as day.
She managed to beat Asuka, but only because Asuka was such a mess out there.
Mashiro just recently swapped over to being a Speeder, and that's thrown her off her game.
She's really slow to act, probably because she's constantly second-guessing herself.
Misaki: You're thinking too much, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Of course it'd look like that to someone who barely ever bothers to think.
Misaki: You just gotta empty your mind. Forget everything and let it go blank.
Mashiro: My mind only goes blank when I'm thinking of you.
Masaya: See, that sounds like a <i>huge</i> problem to me.
Misaki: Useless thoughts equal wasted time.
Aoi: That's not true. She won't get better if she doesn't use her head.
Misaki: You sure about that?
Masaya: Not everyone can fly the way you do. Mashiro needs to find her own path.
Mashiro: No one's really giving me any better advice, though.
Aoi: Well, you've got potential. Right now, you just need something to trigger a change in you.
Masaya: Right. For now, the only thing you can do is gain experience.
Aoi: And of course, it's your job as her coach to support her.
Masaya: I know. We'll just have to look for opportunities that'll help her grow.
Mashiro: Easier said than done...
Misaki: Why not try something new? Like, um... Oh, I know! Go commit a crime!
Masaya: If anything, that'll turn her into a criminal instead of a better Skywalker. Think of something FC related, please.
Aoi: Okay, last but not least, Kurashina.
Asuka: Yes...
Honestly, it's hard to find anything to praise.
That said, I do think she's better than Mashiro at least.
Aoi: Hm... You seem down, but you shouldn't be. You did a lot better than you think.
Asuka: In what way?
Aoi: It's good that you're so straightforward. There aren't many players who are like that.
True enough. It's hard to find FC players who fall for feints easily.
And everyone here knows that, which is probably why she couldn't even win one match.
She'll probably do just fine in the tournament, since no one there'll know anything about her.
Aoi: You did a poor job as her second.
Masaya: Sorry about that...
Aoi-san picks apart my work as a second.
Long-winded or vague instructions slow down a player's movement and reaction time.
That may seem relatively minor, but a player getting confused during a match is a death sentence.
Aoi: Stop giving instructions like "don't fall for her feint." You need to be more specific.
Masaya: I'll try to work on that.
She seemed fine following those sorts of instructions when she faced Ichinose, though...
Masaya: (Maybe it's different now that she knows so much about FC...)
There's a chance that all that knowledge is actually slowing her down.
Aoi: Don't try to change yourself. If you keep at it, you'll learn to see through feints someday.
Asuka: Understood!
Aoi: Besides, you somehow always manage to do well despite your flaws. Just stay calm and focus, and you'll go far.
Asuka: I'll do what I can!
Aoi: Oh, and also... there's something a bit strange about you.
Huh? What does she mean?
Asuka: I-I'm strange? Uh...
Misaki: Oh, I <i>totally</i> get what she means. You go limp at the weirdest times, Asuka.
Asuka: Huh? Really?
Misaki: Like, when I'm rushing you, but you slip away like a ghost. Kinda feels like I'm trying to grab a strip of paper that's floating through the air, y'know?
Mashiro: Agreed. It's like you bounce between rock hard and completely soft...
Wait, she does that in the middle of matches?
It's real important not to tense your body more than necessary.
If she was doing that during all her matches, then it's no wonder she lost.
Still, she can't control her body properly? That's crazy.
Masaya: Did you feel something as well, Prez?
Shion: I feel nothing!
Madoka: ...Ugh, seriously.
Madoka's clearly frustrated.
Well, I figured as much. The guy barely ever focuses on anyone other than himself.
Anyway, this is good news. Now that I know she's doing that, I can help fix it.
Maybe she'll even manage to get a win or two at the tournament at this rate.
Aoi: Alright, that's all for today. Make sure you're well-rested for the tournament.
Everyone: Roger.
Asuka: Roger.
Misaki: Roger.
Mashiro: Roger.
Madoka: Roger.
We're done with practice matches for now.
All that's left is one last bit of training.
Tension, anticipation, and a hint of uneasiness color my mind.
As I stand here, staring out at the vast blue sky...
...I get a little sentimental. The summer tournament, where all our hard work will finally be put to the test, is upon us.
Shindou: It's very humid, isn't it, Satou-kun?
Satouin: It's Satouin.
Shindou: Still, I can't complain. After all, it's always like this during the rainy season. I just wish it wasn't affecting everyone's morale, Satou-kun.
Satouin: It's Satouin. That aside, President, I learned something quite interesting the other day.
Shindou: Oh?
Satouin: I quote, "Well, near the end of the Edo period, there was this fisherman. It was the rainy season and he was boiling rainwater he collected when some seaweed that was stuck to his clothes fell in, and boom, seaweed soup."
Shindou: What a load of nonsense.
Satouin: Huuuh?!
Shindou: That couldn't be further from the truth. In fact, most people believe it originated in China. Seems someone tricked you.
Rika: President! Preparations are complete!
Shindou: Oh, that's good to hear. I'll head right over. You should come as soon as you can, Satou-kun. See you in a bit.
Satouin: ......
Satouin: ...Wh-What a cowardly scheme, Masaya Hinata! I shall repay your dastardly deed in kind!
★: Chapter 5 -- End.
Asuka rushes toward the venue with a spring in her step.
Asuka: Whoooa! This sooo cool! It's like we're here for a real tournament!
Masaya: Uh, yeah. That's 'cause we are.
Asuka: I know, right?! It really does feel like we're gonna compete in an actual tournament!
Mashiro: ...Yeah, that <i>is</i> why we're here.
Misaki: You sound <i>really</i> excited, Asuka.
Asuka: Because I am! How can I put this...? Hm... extra-large...? Yeah, I've got an extra-large serving of excitement!
Masaya: We're not sitting down for a meal here... Comparing it to the feeling of flying for the first time would've worked, right?
Mashiro: How romantic!
Misaki: Oh Masaya, you big ol' softie!
Masaya: What's that supposed to mean?! I just said something that's <i>totally</i> normal!
Honestly, it <i>was</i> kinda corny, but it still wasn't all that weird.
Aoi: Okay, that's enough out of you. You guys'll get heatstroke if you keep bouncing around in this weather.
Madoka: No worries. I brought a ton of stuff to help prevent that!
Aoi: No, you guys better make sure to avoid having to use those things. You're automatically disqualified if you get a heatstroke. Same goes for if it looks like you're about to have one.
Madoka: I see. So basically, you get disqualified if you <i>qualify</i> for a heatstroke.
Aoi: You'd hate to have to give up after all the practice you put in, right? Better watch out.
Madoka: Don't just ignore my hilarious pun!
Aoi: Taking care of yourself right before the big day is key.
Misaki: Roooger!
Aoi: Alright, I'm going to go take care of all the paperwork, so don't make any trouble while I'm gone.
Masaya: You don't have to tell me twice.
Aoi-san stops in her tracks as she begins to walk away.
Aoi: Oh yeah, the bracket should be up already. Go check it out.
Masaya: Got it.
Aoi: I'm leaving the rest in your hands, Masaya.
Aoi-san heads off to toward a large tent after saying that. Must be the management area.
And when I look over to the rest of the club, I see Mashiro looking around nervously.
Mashiro: We're here early, but there are still so many people...
Students from all the different schools in Shitou city can be seen chatting it up on the beach.
Misaki: Huh? I see a bunch of people who don't look like players or staff. Weird.
Shion: FC's on the rise, so naturally, tournaments attract all sorts of people. Sports companies and journalists are here to scout people, from what I've heard.
Mashiro: Journalists?
Minori: Hereee! Did someone just say journalist?
Hosaka comes running over from God knows where.
Mashiro: What the?!
And she screeches to a halt when she bumps into Mashiro.
Mashiro: Oh, you're here, Minori?
Minori: 'Course I am! Coverin' tournaments like these is part of the Broadcasting club's job. Besides... Gufufufufuh! Gufuh gufufu!
Masaya: Wow, that sounds real gross...
Minori: Gufuh... Gufufuh! Gufufufufuh!
Mashiro: Is it safe to assume that means something good happened?
Minori: Sure is!
Masaya: Wait, you turn all gross when good things happen?
Sounds rough.
Minori: Don't get too shocked now! This tournament's gonna be live on TV!
Mashiro: What? R-Really?
Misaki: Crap, this is bad! I mean, I can't have people from all over the world falling in love with me, y'know?
Masaya: ...Cocky much?
Misaki: This'll be my last day as a normal girl...
Mashiro: I won't let that happen to you! I'll go force them to put mosaics over your face.
Misaki: Nah, forget it. That'd make me look like something straight out of a porno.
Asuka: Who's covering it?
Minori: A local TV station, Shitou Channel!
Mashiro: ...Shitou Channel?
Masaya: ...That exists?
Madoka: I've never heard of it.
Misaki: Same.
Mashiro: Are you sure that's a real thing?
Minori: It is! Go check it out!
Shion: ...Oh!
Prez's eyes glint suggestively.
Masaya: You know it, Prez?
Shion: That's the channel where they show local elementary school graduations on repeat, right? The one that's got such low video quality that it's hard to believe it was recorded by pros.
Minori: Yep!
Uh, that sounds pretty damn sketchy...
Masaya: Wait, why were you even watching that?
Shion: I just ran into it when I was channel surfing, and I ended up enjoying it. It feels good to just turn off your brain and take in the sights every once in a while.
Madoka: Oh, so that's what you're watching when I see you looking at the TV like a zombie. I've seen festivals around the town on there before.
Shion: Yeah, I really like that you can feel how much the producers hate the idea of editing. It's almost like they show everything they record!
Masaya: Basically, you're saying it's a <i>super</i> sloppy TV channel.
Misaki: And they're the only ones broadcasting the tournament...
Minori: No, that's not true! If people like what they see, it might go on national TV at night!
Masaya: Wow, so the best we can hope for is a small segment in the dead of the night...
Misaki: Ugh, you're <i>really</i> killing my motivation here!
Minori: I wasn't tryin' to!
Mashiro: I almost wish you'd never even told us... This is just depressing.
Minori: Wait, I'm not done! Listen up, I'm in charge of live commentary for the final match!
Mashiro: Really? That's amazing... I think?
Minori: Don't question it! It <i>is</i> amazing, okay?! This is the first step toward my dream of becomin' the wife of a pro baseball player...
Masaya: If that's the first step, your dream'll never come true.
Minori: Anyway, since I'm on commentary, you guys better reach the finals!
Asuka: A-Alright! I will!
Misaki: Wow, you're <i>that</i> confident?
Asuka: I just feel like I'll get knocked out in the first round if I don't aim high.
Misaki: Guess that makes sense.
Minori: Aight, I've gotta get back to work! Good luck!
Mashiro: Good luck on your end as well, Minori.
Minori: Thanks! I'm gonna crush it!
After saying that, she waves to us excitedly, then cheerfully runs off down the beach.
Misaki: Should I go put on some makeup? Don't wanna mess up my first TV appearance...
Masaya: Nah. There's no need.
Misaki: Hm? What, you saying I'm cute enough without makeup?
Masaya: That's not what I meant...
Asuka: What about me? Do I need some?
Masaya: Look, I'm just trying to say you should forget about all that and focus on your matches.
Mashiro: But what girl wouldn't want to look cute on TV? That'd <i>definitely</i> help motivate me during my matches...
Misaki: Exactly. You just don't get it, Masaya.
Masaya: Ugh, whatever. Let's just go check out the bracket. You wanna know who you're up against, right?
Asuka: I sure do!
The tournament bracket's only made public on the day of, so we've got no clue who anyone's facing right now.
Misaki: Hope I don't get a tough opponent right off the bat.
Mashiro: You can say that again.
Mashiro: Um... Let's see, where's my name... Huh?!
Mashiro suddenly jerks up like a startled cat. Guess she found her name.
Misaki: What's wrong?
Mashiro: ...Am I cursed?
Mashiro points to a particular section of the bracket as she says that.
Asuka: Huh...? Oh...
Misaki: Oof... Tough luck, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Is this karma coming to bite me in the butt?
Masaya: I mean, that makes zero sense. Have you even done anything bad lately?
Mashiro: Well, what else could it be?! Is it punishment for something I did in a past life?!
Madoka hugs Mashiro from behind in an attempt to comfort her.
Madoka: It's just bad luck. Happens to everyone.
Mashiro: It's beyond bad! Why is my first opponent Satouin-san?!
Masaya: Well, um... There's probably at least a chance you can steal a win? Maybe... Yeah...
Mashiro: Your lack of confidence in me is loud and clear! You could at least pretend to believe in me!
Masaya: You've got a chance. Probably... Yeah...
Mashiro: I've never seen someone with more doubt in their eyes!
Madoka: Can you really blame him? But hey, there's probably a one in a two-hundred-million chance of you winning, at least!
Mashiro: What's with those low odds?!
Misaki: Make that miracle happen, Mashiro!
Mashiro: Uh... If that's what you want, then I will.
Masaya: Wow, you guys have a lot of faith in each other.
Maybe Misaki should take over as Mashiro's second.
...Then again, I doubt she'd ever offer any useful advice.
Misaki: I got pretty unlucky too.
Asuka: Oh, really? Who are you up against?
Madoka: Oh...
Rika Ichinose.
Masaya: Ichinose, huh?
Misaki: She won't go down easy. Plus, look who's to the right.
Asuka: To the right? Uh...
Kazunari Shindou. Well shit.
Madoka: ...My condolences.
Misaki: Shindou-san in the second round... Could it get any worse? Actually, isn't it weird that two Takafuji players are right next to each other?
Madoka: There's no seeding, so it's almost random. The only rule is that you can't face someone from the same school in the first round.
This is a pretty new tournament series, which probably means they haven't ironed out all the issues yet.
Masaya: Hey, this might be a good thing. Your stamina's terrible, and you'd have to face him at some point to get a shot at the title, so you might as well get it over with now.
Misaki: Purretty sure that's not gonna happen.
Masaya: Come on, you've gotta admit I have a point. Second round means you'll face him first thing tomorrow.
Better the second round than the third.
Misaki: Fiiine, I'll do what I can.
Mashiro: Don't worry! I know you can win! I believe in you!
Misaki: I don't get how that'll help at all.
Mashiro: You just need to realize that my faith is all you need.
Misaki: Yeah, that's never gonna happen.
Asuka: I'm... on the same side of the bracket as Misaki-chan. My first opponent's a freshman from Kairyou Academy.
Madoka: Oh, you lucked out. Kairyou isn't considered very good. Looks like all your potential second round opponents are total unknowns, too.
Masaya: And in the third round, you'd have to face Misaki, Ichinose, or Shindou-san.
Asuka: I don't know if I'm good enough to reach the third round, but I'll do my best!
Asuka: ...Wait, who's going to be the other second if Misaki-chan and I both reach the third round?
Mashiro: I'll pour my heart into being her second if that happens!
Misaki: Yeah, no thanks. That'd hurt more than help.
Mashiro: That's not true!
Masaya: There's only one second when two people from the same school face each other. Both players can hear everything, basically.
Asuka: Won't that give away the other person's strategy?
Masaya: The second only relays positional information in those matches. In other words, you're on your own.
Misaki: Makes sense to me. Wouldn't sit right if you lost to someone from the same school just 'cause they got the better second.
Asuka: Good point.
There's no hard and fast rule about that, but it's standard practice.
A student from a different school can technically fill in if both players are fine with it, but that never happens.
Not that that's even important right now.
Madoka: And you got...
Shion: A sophomore from Kairyou.
Madoka: Saki Inui, huh...? Never heard of her, so I doubt she's anything special.
Prez flexes after hearing that.
Shion: I'll crush them with my muscles!
Masaya: You better. That's about the only real weapon in your arsenal.
I take a deep breath, then exhale and turn toward everyone. I need to give a speech here.
Masaya: It's finally time to show the fruits of your labor. I'll do everything in my power to help you win, so... Huh?
Masaya: It's finally time to show the fruits of your labor. I'll do everything in my power to help you win, so....
Huh?
? ? ?: ......
Everyone: ......
Masaya: ......
Asuka: ......
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: ......
Madoka: ......
Shion: ......
Everyone: Huh?!
Masaya: Huh?!
Asuka: Huh?!
Misaki: Huh?!
Mashiro: Huh?!
Madoka: Huh?!
Shion: Huh?!
Asuka: W-Wait, I wasn't the only person who just saw that, right?
Misaki: I saw it too. It was some weirdo in a mask!
Mashiro: Exactly! A-Are they a bank robber?
Masaya: What kind of thief would be dumb enough to wear something that flashy? Besides, there's no bank on this beach.
Madoka: But then... why the mask?
Mashiro: I can't even begin to guess...
Asuka: If they're here, doesn't that mean they're competing in the tournament?
Misaki: A masked player?
Shion: A masked skywalker... Th-That sounds so cool.
Masaya: D-Does it?
Madoka: Are they friend or foe...?
Masaya: FC's a solo sport, so no one's ever your friend.
Asuka: Wow... All sorts of people are accepted here in Shitou.
Mashiro: No, I was born and raised here, but this is the first I've ever heard of a masked Skywalker.
Madoka: Yeah, don't go thinking that's normal around here, please.
I spent a lot of time researching players from different schools, but I never heard anything about someone who wears a mask.
Shirase: Oh, morning guys.
Asuka: Oh, Shirase-san. Good morning.
Shion: Morning.
Shirase: Mgh... Seems you worked out a lot to prepare for the tournament, Aoyagi-kun. Your pecs are looking <i>really</i> tight now. I bet that'll help you win your match.
Shion: It's all thanks to you, really. I just followed your advice. Say, do you want to run your fingers down my abs?
Shirase: It'd be my pleasure!
Masaya: Maybe don't do that in public?
Shirase: Hehehe. What's wrong with feeling up a nice pair of abs?
Shion: Come, join us. Become one of us, Masaya.
Masaya: Yeah, I'd rather not. More importantly, did you see the masked Skywalker who just walked by?
Shirase: Masked Skywalker?
Asuka: A person in a mask just walked by.
Shirase: Must've missed them. I didn't see anything. Zero, zilch, zip, nada, nothing. W-Wow, a player in a mask? Interesting. I wonder who came up with that idea...
Mashiro: You know something, don't you?
Shirase: No way! I just found out from you, I swear... Man, that's <i>really</i> interesting, right?
Misaki: What do the rules say? Kinda feels like it wouldn't be allowed.
Shirase: Well, wearing a mask just limits your vision, so it'd never give anyone a leg up. Pretty sure there's nothing against it in the rules.
Misaki: Is this some weird plan to attract attention on TV?
Asuka: Maybe they're just embarrassed? Like, someone seeing their face might make them do worse, you know?
Mashiro: But wearing a mask seems <i>way</i> more embarrassing...
Misaki: What kinda person would be that shy?
Shirase: Well, your opponent could get an advantage if they can read your facial expression, you know? Maybe they're trying to avoid that? Anyway, it shouldn't be against the rules! Pretty sure!
How is he so familiar with those rules...? Does he actually know something?
Masaya: Well, no point thinking about it now, since we'll get to see them in action once the tournament starts... Say, what are you doing here, Shirase-san?
Asuka: Are you involved with the tournament?
Shirase: A little. I've got a stall here. I'm selling souvenirs like T-shirts and towels.
Mashiro: Oh, I'd like one of those T-shirts.
Shirase: Drop by anytime. The Shirase Sky Sports stall is over by the parking lot.
Madoka: I kind of doubt anyone would actually wear a souvenir T-shirt like that, though.
Masaya: Does stuff like that actually sell?
Shirase: Players often buy towels and other small things they forgot at home. Well, that and stuff to help prevent heatstrokes.
Madoka: I stocked up on stuff for that already, but it makes sense that some people didn't come prepared.
Shirase: People in the audience are usually more prone to heatstrokes than the players, though... Oh, FC Grav shoes are also a hot ticket item.
Mashiro: Huh? People buy those at the actual tournament?
Masaya: I doubt he's talking about players.
Shirase: I'm not. I mostly sell starter kits for people in the audience who want to try out FC after watching some matches.
Asuka: I see. You're spreading the joy of FC.
Misaki: You're so naive, Asuka. Joy schmoy, he's just trying to strike it rich.
Shirase: My sales depend on how flashy the matches are, so get out there and capture the hearts of the audience!
Masaya: This isn't pro FC, so don't expect much from us.
Shirase: Oh, come on! Don't be like that... Well, good luck out there.
Asuka: Thank you!
Masaya: Um, Shirase-san...
I follow after him after he walks away.
Shirase: What's wrong?
Masaya: I know you'll be busy with your stall, but can you please come watch our matches?
Shirase: I can, but why?
Masaya: I want to hear what you think of each of them. That'll help me design custom training regimens for them after the tournament.
Shirase: Got it. I tend to be pretty blunt, though. That fine?
Masaya: More than fine. That's exactly what I want.
Shirase: Okay, then I'll make sure to watch their matches.
Masaya: Thanks.
Shirase-san waves his hand casually and walks off toward his stall.
I wonder what he'll think of Asuka and Misaki...
They're both pretty talented in their own ways, which makes me think FC suits them well.
But unfortunately, I'm not sure how to best coach them.
Misaki's talent is easy to read, but Asuka's is hard to grasp.
So maybe, just maybe, Shirase-san can offer some sound advice.
Arika: Mashirooo!
Mashiro: Wait, that voice...
Arika: Haha, hey there, Mashiro! Wow, you're actually into FC, huh?
Mashiro: You don't need to sound that excited about it...
Masaya: Okoze, right?
Yeah, this is <i>definitely</i> Mashiro's childhood friend. Haven't seen her in a while.
Mashiro: So? What do you want, Arika?
Arika: I'm here to declare war, obviously!
Mashiro: What?
Arika: I've been looking forward to this day ever since you told me you were gonna be in the tournament!
Arika: Notice anything about my outfit?
Mashiro: Wait, don't tell me...
Arika: That's right. I'm a starter!
Mashiro: Ah!
Masaya: Wow...!
Okoze's school, Shitou Suisan, is one of the best in the area. They rank either second or third in overall FC skill.
Competition would've been fierce, but she still somehow managed to claim one of the top spots. Incredible.
Okoze's acting like it's no big deal, but she must have worked her ass off to get that good.
Arika: I did all this to get a chance to fight you.
Mashiro: You really are persistent, you know? Is one-upping me that important to you?
Arika: Hehe. Are you happy?
Mashiro: No, I'm annoyed. Buzz off.
Arika: How can you say that when I worked so hard to get here!
Mashiro: I never asked you to do that!
Arika: And also, what's with this bracket?! We'll only ever meet in the grand finals! Ugh, make sure you get there, okay? I <i>definitely</i> will.
Mashiro: Yeah, no way that's happening.
Arika: Don't give up right away, silly. Like, I doubt I'll make it either, but I'm at least acting confident!
Mashiro: Why bother doing something so pointless?
Arika: Guess God decided it was too early for our epic duel. But that ends with this tournament! Make sure we meet in the fall tournament, okay?!
Mashiro: Tell that to the tournament officials, not me.
Arika: If we don't get matched up against each other in the fall tournament, I'll challenge you on the street!
Mashiro: Do that and I'll call the cops and say I've got a stalker on my tail.
Despite her objections, Mashiro looks pretty happy.
I suppose that's just how childhood friends are... Unless I'm misinterpreting something, anyway.
Misaki: Oh, I didn't notice you there, Tanny.
Arika: Don't call me Tanny!
Misaki's timing is impeccable. She chimed in just in time to make Okoze blow up on her.
Okoze doesn't understand Mashiro and Misaki's relationship, and as a result, she sees Misaki as a threat.
And to make matters worse, Misaki tends to tease Okoze whenever they meet, which keeps them from resolving their issues.
Hm, guess I should just keep watching for now.
Arika: Nothing about me's even changed! How'd you not recognize me?!
Misaki: Hm, I wonder...
Arika: Give me an actual answer! Please!
Mashiro: Hey, how many times do I have to tell you to quit barking at Misaki-senpai?! Also, what was the "please" for, exactly?
Arika: W-Well, um... I'll get scolded if I'm impolite to older people...
Mashiro: By who?
Arika: Besides, I don't have any problem with your... you know... anymore.
Mashiro: No, I don't know. Stop beating around the bush. It's not like you.
Arika: Uh...
Arika: Oh...!
What's wrong with her? She's acting like something's stuck in her throat.
Misaki: Cut her some slack, Mashiro. It's probably a big deal, so give her some time to start from the top.
Arika: Y-You're just trying to put more pressure on me! Cut it out!
Mayu: Oh my, you're being rude to your elders yet again, Arika.
Arika: What the?!
Misaki: Ah!
A nice pair of fair-skinned arms spring out from behind Okoze and wrap themselves around her neck.
When I look up, I see a girl who looks rather mature standing behind Okoze. Though, maybe I only think that because of their height.
Hm, I feel like I've seen her before...
Oh, she must be the girl we saw with Okoze back in May.
Arika: B-Big Sis...?
Mayu: As her older sister, I must apologize for my little Arika's rude behavior. It seems our private lessons have yet to bear fruit.
Misaki: Older and younger sister...? How does that work, exactly? Wait, who are you, even?
Mashiro: Oh, right, you haven't met her yet. This is Mayu Ganeko. She's Arika's upperclassman. You know about the special program they have at Shitou Suisan, right?
Misaki: Wh-What special program?
Madoka: Oh, I've heard about it. The soeurs program, I think? They use it to pair off younger and older female students to help deepen their bonds.
Mayu Ganeko directs a graceful bow at Misaki.
Mayu: Nice to meet you.
Misaki: S-Same.
She seems a lot like Satouin-san, but with the politeness dialed up to eleven.
This is weird...
Mayu: We meet again.
Masaya: Y-Yeah.... Hi.
Her long and slender arms appear loving as they wrap around Okoze's neck, but I can't help but think it also kind of looks like a collar.
Maybe that's just because she's turned meek and docile like a tiny kitten.
Mayu: You're a bad girl, Arika.
Arika: I-I'm sorry, Big Sis... Please spare me just this once...
Mayu: Hehe.
She flashes a soft smile as she chuckles.
Mayu: No can do.
Arika: You're such a sadist!
Okoze struggles in an attempt to escape, but it's no use.
Mayu: Don't worry your pretty little head, Arika. I won't dream of actually hurting someone I love.
Arika: Big Sis...
Okoze's voice is suddenly all soft and sweet... Honestly, I wouldn't have thought that possible mere moments ago.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: ......
Why do I have heartburn right now?
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: ......
Mayu: It would be great if we could face each other in a tournament.
Masaya: R-Right.
Mayu: It may not be possible here, but the fall tournament would make a fine substitute if necessary. Also, I more than welcome any practice matches between our schools, so feel free to ask for some at any point.
Masaya: Oh, thanks. I'm sure we'll take you up on that offer eventually.
I wonder, is everyone at Shitou Suisan like them? Guess I'll just have to head there to find out.
Arika: Big Sis...
Okoze lets out a sugary voice as she trembles in Ganeko-san's embrace.
Mayu: Oh my, Arika... I suppose we'll have to pick up this conversation at another time.
Guess she finally realized that this is pretty damn awkward.
Mayu: Well then, I'll be looking forward to our matches.
Okoze composes herself at that exact moment, as if Ganeko-san's words were some cue.
Arika: Don't lose before the grand finals, Mashiro!
Mashiro: Who cares about that?! Listen, you kept nagging me about Misaki, but now you--
Arika: I-I'll see you later!
Mashiro: Hey, don't run away!
What should I say?
Okoze and Ganeko-san just tore through us like a typhoon, confusing everyone.
Masaya: Th-They're a pretty unique pair, aren't they?
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai! We can't lose to them!
Misaki: Why even compete?! I forfeit. No, wait, I don't even have to do that since we're not playing the same game.
Madoka: Hahahaha. Yeah, I mean, they seem to be the real deal.
Mashiro: Hey, don't make it sound like I'm a fraud!
Asuka: They opened my eyes to a whole new world... How exciting!
Masaya: Uh, you might wanna reword that sentence, Asuka.
Madoka: Mayu Ganeko, huh...?
Shion: What's up? Did watching them change the way you feel about other women?
Madoka: Of course not. It's just that her name rings a bell...
Madoka fiddles with her phone for a bit after saying that.
Madoka: ...Knew it! Mayu Ganeko's a big shot.
Misaki: What's that supposed to mean? Like, in bed or what?
Masaya: Why would that be on Madoka's phone?
Misaki: I mean, I dunno. Madoka could swing that way, right? Maybe she's been hiding the fact that she's been after me this whole time. You can never be too careful.
Masaya: Don't start talking about your crackpot theories!
Misaki: Even Asuka could want me!
Asuka: What?!
Madoka: Quit fooling around already! Listen, Shindou-san may be the favorite to win this tournament, but Ganeko-san is his main competition.
Misaki: Whoa, she's that good?
Madoka: Says here that she's never finished outside the top four. Plus, she even won a couple tournaments that Shindou-san didn't participate in.
Mashiro: That's good. It'd be a huge letdown if she was weak, since she came out here to challenge us.
Madoka: Considering the bracket, I doubt any of you will face her here, but she's still a sophomore, so I'm sure you'll meet in the future.
Asuka: In other words, she'll be a rival.
Masaya: Get on her level before you say that again.
Asuka: I-I'll do my best!
I notice a bunch of familiar faces behind Asuka as I watch her nod vigorously.
Shindou: ......
Satouin: ......
Rika: ......
The Takafuji Academy FC Club is here.
Doesn't seem like they're here to get a look at the bracket. I think they're trying to find a good spot to start warming up.
Masaya: Oh, good morning.
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san responds with a silent nod.
Hm...? Oh, I see.
Masaya: Guys, let's head over to that large tent.
Shion: That's a good idea.
Asuka: Huh? We aren't going to talk to them?
Masaya: No. Some of us are facing them in the first round, remember? Talking to your opponent before a match is kinda awkward, don't you think?
Asuka: ...Maybe you're right.
Misaki: Can't say I care.
Masaya: Maybe you don't, but they might. Come on, let's go.
Misaki: 'Kaaay!
Rika: ......
Ichinose seems to want to say something, but she holds her tongue. Makes sense, since this isn't exactly the best time to talk.
Sure, you can spend plenty of time together after a match, but hanging out and chatting before one just makes things harder for the players involved.
Sugarcoat it all you want, but at the end of the day, winning is all that matters.
FC isn't a combat sport, so people generally don't get injured, but emotional trauma is another story altogether.
I see Ichinose open her mouth slightly as she walks by me.
Rika: I'm not going to lose.
Misaki: Whatever you say.
Misaki doesn't budge an inch as she gives that nonchalant reply.
And then...
Satouin: That was most inappropriate.
...I hear Satouin-san scolding Ichinose.
However, we all just walk away instead of reacting.
Man, I was trying to avoid making things awkward, too...
Misaki: Hm...
Misaki groans unhappily.
Masaya: Don't worry about it.
Misaki: I'm not, but... Hm, it's not what you think, though, I swear.
Masaya: Then what is it?
Misaki: I dunno. It's hard to put into words.
Misaki stares down at her own toes as she says that.
There's no real routine to follow at the start of an FC tournament, so everyone's just scattered around the beach as the opening ceremony begins.
The tournament chair begins with a short welcome speech, then proceeds to go over the rules and safety precautions.
After he finishes, fireworks streak upward into the beautiful, blue sky and explode with a soft bang.
And with that...
Asuka: It's starting!
Masaya: Yep.
...The tournament finally begins.
This tournament is supposed to have a grand total of 64 matches.
Still, I'm sure there'll be far less in the end. People tend to drop out for a variety of reasons, which always cuts down the number significantly. Though, even if they took that into consideration, there would be too many matches for one day.
And that's why we're only doing the first round today. The rest of them all take place on the second day.
Masaya: Make sure to watch the schedule closely. You need to start warming up two matches early.
Asuka: Got it.
Misaki: But that'll just tire me out...
Masaya: Just trust me, okay? Otherwise, you might end up getting knocked out right away...
The human body can't just go from zero to one hundred on command.
Misaki: Fiiine.
Mashiro: ...I just hope I can at least make it look like a real match.
Masaya: Look, Satouin-san may be good, but she's not unbeatable. I'm gonna do everything in my power to help you pull out a win, so you better do the same.
Mashiro: Haha!
Masaya: Cool it with the dry laugh, Mashiro. Your already low odds are taking a nosedive.
Didn't she promise Misaki a miracle earlier?
Masaya: Um, what order are we going in?
Madoka: Shion's first, then Mashirocchi, Misaki, and finally Asuka-chan.
Let's see... I've got thirty minutes until Prez's match. Maybe I can use that time to scout his opponent?
I have a strategy meeting with Prez before his match.
Shion: Okay! I'll bring the hammer down on my first opponent!
Masaya: Listen, I don't know anything about this Saki Inui.
Usually it's easy enough to find out a person's playstyle by asking around, but my hunt ended in vain.
Only thing I learned is that she transferred into Kairyou Academy from overseas earlier this year.
Shion: Well, I'm just gonna fly the same as always, so that's no big deal!
Masaya: Glad to hear you're confident... Anyway, there's something I wanted you to hear before this match.
Shion: Go ahead, Hinata! Show no hesitation or mercy! Hit me with your best shot!
Masaya: Uh, maybe you should save those lines for the match...
Seems like his head's already in the game. Well, that's probably a good thing in this case.
Masaya: This stays between us, but... I think you're the only one of our club members who has a shot at the title.
Prez slowly shifts his gaze upwards after he hears me say that.
Shion: Hmph, that's funny...
Masaya: I'm serious here.
Shion: Explain. Why would you say that?
Masaya: Misaki probably has a 1% chance of beating Shindou-san.
And that's a pretty generous estimate, even.
Shion: Aren't I in the same boat?
Masaya: No, you have something she doesn't that could help you crush him.
I'd never say this in front of her, and obviously I'll do everything I can to help her beat him, but that's what I truly believe.
And she'd never admit it, but I bet even Misaki feels the same.
Masaya: So that's why I believe you have a legit chance of stealing a win.
Shion: ......
Masaya: Fact of the matter is, you're probably a below average Skywalker overall. But luckily, you have a unique weapon that's hard to counter. And if you can use it right, no one will be able to stop you.
His straight flight speed is unparalleled, which makes him hard to beat if he can just reach top speed. And that's something no opponent would ever expect.
If he ignores every other aspect of the game, he can reach the second buoy within 30 seconds. And from there, he can clear each line within 25-30 seconds.
That speed of his is comparable to a professional Speeder's.
Only difference is, actual pros have more to their game than pure speed.
In other words, he's basically a glass cannon.
And that may have its drawbacks, but it also has its own set of strengths.
Sure, he hasn't won anything yet, but I think that can mostly be chalked up to bad luck.
A lot of people would probably disagree with me, since most like to say there's no luck involved in sports.
But I'm sticking to my guns here.
Masaya: Things could get dicey if your opponent stops you from reaching top speed early.
Shion: You're saying I can't win if they do?
Masaya: Basically, yeah. But if you manage to not get shutdown on the second line, it'll be hard for anyone to catch you.
And that's his one shot of beating any opponent.
Masaya: That's why I think you're the only one of us who could beat Shindou-san. It's still a long shot, though.
Shion: ...I understand.
Hm, odd... I expected him to be a lot more excited after this little pep talk.
I was sure my speech would help him...\n...Is he gonna be okay?
No, this is no time to start doubting myself. As his second, I need to cheer him up!
Masaya: So yeah, Prez, let's make you the champion!
Shion: Hmph... Champion... Now that has a nice ring to it!
Masaya: Let's do this!
Shion: Right, let's do this!
Masaya: Just make sure not to get stopped on the second line, and you'll pull out a win!
He's at least learned some simple feints, so maybe, just maybe he can win. For better or worse, I've gotta put all my eggs in that basket.
Shion: I've got this! Spirit! Spirit! Spirit!
Prez activates his Grav Shoes and flies toward first.
? ? ?: ......
A girl approaches me with a smile on her face.
She's wearing a headset, which must mean she's Kairyou Academy's second.
Huh, she doesn't look all that Japanese. Must be from overseas.
? ? ?: Hello. I wish you good day.
Masaya: Huh? Oh, hi.
? ? ?: It nice to meet you. My name Irina.
She winks at me. Well, she seems nice enough.
Masaya: I'm Hinata. It's nice to meet you too.
Irina-san gazes up at the girl who's flying toward first. That must be Saki Inui.
Irina: This the first tournament match for her in Japan. So, uh... um... Hm...
A smile suddenly blooms on her face as she thinks over her words.
Irina: ...Oh! I know! Please go easy on her! How is that? That the right phrase to use, yes? Is my Japanese okay?
Masaya: Y-Yeah, it's fine, I think...
Honestly, it sounds a little broken, but I'm getting the gist of it.
Masaya: Um, you just said this is Saki Inui's first tournament match in Japan, right? Does that mean she's been in some overseas?
Irina: She has. However, she not very good, so go easy! Please.
Masaya: Yeah, I hope you guys take it easy on us too.
Irina: Yes.
Irina-san trots away from me after that exchange.
And since she's gone, I look up to Saki Inui.
Shion: Let's put on a good show out there.
Prez greets her in a friendly manner.
Saki: ...Mhm.
I barely make out her reply through the headset.
She sounds... emotionless? Hm, maybe she's just not used to speaking in Japanese because of her years playing FC overseas.
I should have asked Irina-san what country they came from.
General FC skill is a lot higher in America, Northern Europe, and Southeast Asia, but that's not the case for much of the rest of the world.
I take a closer look at her.
...She's rather short and skinny.
Maybe she's one of those Fighters that constantly zip around the field to attack and defend? Man, that'd make her a bad matchup for Prez...
Huh?
Hold on, what kind of Grav Shoes are those?
They don't look like Mizukis, Small Groves, or Invades. I've never seen anything like them before.
Maybe they're from a small overseas manufacturer?
...Well, not like it really matters. Prez can only play in one specific way, so her style and equipment won't even factor into our gameplan.
Better start things off on a good note.
Masaya: Let's rumble.
Shion: Yeah! I've got this in the bag!
The referee's voice reaches my ears, through the headset, and then, so does their whistle. It's time.
...Huh?
Right as Prez starts to dive diagonally downward for a Low Yo-Yo, Inui does the same.
Masaya: Prez! Inui's also a Speeder!
Shion: Fine by me!
Inui quickly overtakes Prez, so he ends up in her dust.
What kind of Speeder is she? There are ones who focus on initial speed and ones who focus on top speed.
The fact that she's already ahead of Prez probably means she's an early speed type. And in that case, he has the clear advantage.
Speeder versus Speeder matches depend entirely on top speed. Luckily, Prez invested all his attribute points into maxing out speed, so there's no way he'll lose.
Now, I wonder who's going to time their climb better. That'll be what sets the pace of the match.
Shion: ......
Saki: ......
Skywalkers need to climb out of Low Yo-Yos in a gentle curve in order to maintain as much of their built-up speed as possible.
Unfortunately, Prez is wearing Grav Shoes that essentially lock his posture, so that isn't his strong suit.
Well, whatever. We'll let her have the first line... He just needs to pass her on the second one to take control of the match.
Saki: ......
Inui changes her flight trajectory with a light motion that appears to be little more than her raising her chin.
...She's good.
That was <i>extremely</i> smooth.
...Guess that confirms that she focuses on initial speed.
Shion: Here I go!
Prez also enters a climb, though he's noticeably slower than Inui. Plus, his motions are somewhat stiff. I swear, they're like night and day.
Saki: ......
Inui uses the recoil from touching second to accelerate.
Wow, that was just as smooth as her Low Yo-Yo.
The radius of the arc she flew was so narrow that it's hard to believe she's a Speeder.
Unlike most of them, she's using her smooth form and the boosts from buoy touches to gain speed instead of relying on straight flight.
I can see Prez calling that a cheap trick... This is weird. She'd make a better Fighter or All-Rounder with that skillset, so why is she a Speeder?
Well, whatever. The score is 0:1 now.
Shion: There!
Prez touches the buoy and accelerates shortly after Inui. Of course, he doesn't get any points from that since she got to it first.
The reason he didn't jump to the next line in spite of that is because he valued the speed boost from the buoy more.
Makes sense. Right now, he needs to pick up speed. Closing the gap between them can come later.
Masaya: Okay, time to show them what you can do!
Shion: I know!
He assumes a forward-bent position and accelerates rapidly.
His opponent is no Fighter or All-Rounder, which means there's no way for them to stop him.
There's no chance of his weak point being exposed, so he has no need to hold back!
Go, Prez!
Shion: Yeaaaaaah!
Saki: ......
Shion: Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!
...Huh?
That's weird.
Prez is picking up speed, and yeah, the gap between them is closing.
It is, but...
...It's not enough.
Prez is as fast as always, which means Inui must be incredibly fast as well.
I mean, the fact that he's catching up means he's still faster, but this is bad...
I look toward her second, Irina-san.
Irina: ......
It may be taking longer than expected, but Prez is definitely gaining ground. However, she's not giving Inui any instructions. Instead, she's just looking up, all smiles.
Does that mean she isn't even worried about him overtaking her?
I cover the mic with my hand to keep Prez from hearing me take a deep breath.
Calm down.
I've got no reason to panic and shout out instructions right now, either. There's no doubt in my mind that Prez is catching up.
In a match between two Speeders who are as fast as them, the total score will probably go over 20.
Losing two or three points this early is no big deal.
Saki: ......
Inui touches third and uses it to accelerate. It's 0:2 now.
It's fine. If he keeps this up, Prez will win!
Masaya: ...Kgh!
I grit my teeth.
Saki: ......
Inui touches third, bringing the score to 0:10.
How did this happen?
Prez kept nearly catching up to Inui during the second half of a line, but he never once managed to overtake her.
There are three reasons for that. Number one, Inui touches buoys ahead of him.
The buoys may be made to move as little as possible, but they still shake a little right after getting touched. And it's hard to get a proper speed boost when it's shaking.
Number two, the 90 degrees curve you need to make whenever you switch to the next line.
Since Prez is trying to overtake his opponent, he's constantly accelerating.
Unfortunately, that also means he has to do a hard brake before the curve, which is extremely inefficient. And to make matters worse, he's also forced to fly a much larger arc than his opponent due to his playstyle.
Ultimately, those two things combine to hit him with a massive drop in speed.
Number three, the position of pursuer.
When it's Fighter versus Fighter, being behind your opponent is a huge advantage, since that makes it easier to score points. However, it's the other way around in a battle of Speeders.
If you touch your opponent anywhere, it'll throw both of you off balance, but they'll fly forward while you go backward. Due to that, you need to stay clear of your opponents reach while you're trying to pass them.
And since the one in front is flying straight down the line toward a buoy, you're forced to take the long way around.
Inui is masterfully using all three of those to neuter Prez, who is technically faster than her.
Masaya: ......
Seems Inui is used to battling other Speeders.
If this keeps up, he won't even be able to mount a comeback. We have to turn the tide somehow, and fast.
Masaya: Prez!
Shion: Hinata!
He sounds excited...
Masaya: I have a suggestion.
Shion: ...You better not tell me to do something as unmanly as touching her foot to knock her off course.
Masaya: Who cares if it's manly or not? Sure, you may overtake her at some point if you keep this up, but you'll lose any chance of winning! We need do something before it's too late!
Shion: Hinata! I'm having the time of my life out here!
Masaya: Huh?
Shion: Speed is king! My goal's to be the fastest! And right now, I'm racing someone who's faster than me! That means the only thing on my mind is passing her!
Masaya: This is an FC match, not a race!
Shion: I know! But this is the one thing I've practiced these last three years! I won't resort to any dirty tricks! You're telling me to turn the tide, but how do you expect me to do that, exactly? I'm already giving it all I've got!
It's true that he's focused on nothing but speed his whole career, but...
Masaya: But you're...
Shion: I get it. I know what you're trying to say. And <i>of course</i> I wanna win! But if I change up my playstyle now, what's the point?
If I change up my playstyle, what's the point?
I definitely remember holding that sentiment in the past. Sometimes it stopped being all about winning or losing.
It didn't matter who I was playing or how the match was going. I just wanted to go all out and bring out my full potential. So long as I did that, nothing else mattered.
Shion: I'm gonna fly!
I know letting him do this would make me a bad second. I know I need to stop him.
However, I also know there's no way I'll win that argument.
Masaya: ...Prez. Slow down before touching the buoys. You're going too fast, so making the turn to the next line always kills your speed.
Shion: Got it!
Masaya: Go speed right past Inui!
Shion: Gotchaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Saki: ......
The score reaches 0:22.
But that's not important here!
Prez has finally managed to catch up to Inui!
Shion: I'm about to smash right through the sound barrier, Hinata! Brace yourself for a sonic boom!
Masaya: Will do!
There's no way to reach the speed of sound with Grav Shoes, but who cares.
He said he'd do it, so I just have to believe in him.
Saki: ......
Shion: Take thiiiiiis!
And at last...
...Prez passes Inui!
Saki: ......
Shion: Ah...!
Now he's in front, so she's got no way of stopping him with smart positioning.
Masaya: It's time... Go beyond light speed!
Shion: Gotchaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
He reaches unimaginable speeds.
Go, Prez!
The crowd starts to make a commotion as they take in the miracle before them.
But that quickly transforms into cheers.
The venue's filled with thunderous applause.
Shion: Here I goooooo!
He doesn't slow down before fourth.
Shion: There!
He touches fourth, bringing the score to 1:22.
Shion: Whooooooooooooa!
Unable to turn, Prez keeps jetting forward in a straight line, shooting outside the field.
And at that exact moment, I hear the sound of the whistle yet again, which signals the end of the match.
Masaya: You actually pulled it off!
Shion: ...The fastest possible speed is the speed of light, yeah?
Masaya: Huh? Yeah.
Shion: I've still got a long way to go, then.
Masaya: ...Right.
Shion: But hey, that also means I've got a lot of room to grow.
Masaya: Definitely.
Shion: Thanks, Hinata... You helped me a lot.
Masaya: That's not true.
Shion: I'm gonna keep flying around for a bit. Sorry, I'm leaving things down there to you.
Masaya: No sweat. You did great, Prez.
Shion: Thanks.
I hear the sound of his mic cutting out.
And then, as I look toward him, I see inertia carrying him outside the tournament venue.
I let the tension escape my shoulders and cast my eyes down.
I really thought he had a chance of winning the tournament.
Admittedly, it was only a small chance, but as his coach, I'm responsible for this failure.
Masaya: Huh?
I hear someone approaching me from behind.
Irina: That amazing... If lines was 50 meters longer or, um, playing time double, we would have lost.
That's true, but there's no point dealing in what-ifs.
Masaya: What was that about going easy on her? She's way too good...
Irina: It was lucky match-up. She really not that good. She just know how to fight other Speeders.
Masaya: Really?
Irina: Yes.
She smiles as she gives me that short response.
Masaya: Question. What kinda Grav Shoes are those?
Irina: Agravains from Avalon.
Masaya: Agravains from...?
Irina: Avalon.
I've never heard of that manufacturer or model.
Irina: Avalon is small famous in England.
Small famous? Does she mean it's not very well-known? Wait, but then why famous?
Masaya: Thanks for the info. Good luck with the rest of your matches. I'll be rooting for you.
Irina: Thank you! That so kind of you!
She says that with a brilliant smile on her face, then spins around and runs off to Inui.
Saki: ......
She doesn't look all that strong...
I wonder what she'd do against Fighters or All-Rounders?
Saki: ......
Strange.
That faintly smiling, yet mostly expressionless look on her face is stuck in my head.
Masaya: Oh, she's...!
How did I not notice earlier?
She's that girl I met at the terminal near my place.
Masaya: I see. No wonder her form was so beautiful.
She's an FC player, huh?
Mashiro: Huh? Where's Prez?
Masaya: He wanted to keep flying around.
Asuka: ...Too bad he lost.
Misaki: Mhm... Hey, couldn't he have won if you gave better instructions?
Of course Misaki noticed... Well, I guess any average Skywalker would. Still, Prez was fighting his own battle there, so it wasn't my place to stop him.
Masaya: Figured it was smarter to let him do what he wanted.
Misaki: ...Guess you're right. He probably wouldn't have listened anyway.
I get the feeling that part of Prez frustrates Misaki.
Madoka: I think he did alright. He looked pretty cool out there.
Misaki: Oh? You sound like a girl talking about her crush.
Madoka: With a guy like that? Impossible, even <i>if</i> he wasn't my brother.
Asuka: I-I think that's a bit much.
Madoka: I guess. Still, it was impressive. He was flying real fast, and toward the end, he shot off like some kind of rocket. The audience loved it.
Asuka: That's true. Everyone jumped up off their seats!
Misaki: Yeah, it was a total crowd-pleaser. Bet Shirase-san's real happy. Grav Shoe sales must be through the roof.
Mashiro: I was surprised he got so far.
Asuka: Yes. It was <i>really</i> touching! I feel like I just discovered a new side of FC!
Asuka curls up in excitement as she says that with a smile on her face.
Mashiro: Whoa, what's going on?
Misaki: Is something crazy happening in the match?
Asuka: No, it looks like it hasn't even started yet...
Misaki: Oh! Look at the start line!
Asuka: It's that masked skywalker!
Madoka: Um, since they're getting ready to compete...
Madoka runs her eyes over a copy of the tournament bracket.
Madoka: That player is from Kamidorisha Academy...
Masaya: Kamidorisha? I thought they didn't have an FC club.
Madoka: They don't, but it definitely says Kamidorisha Academy. Let's see... Their name is...? Huh?
Misaki: What's wrong?
Mashiro: Do you not know how to read it properly?
Misaki: Is it, like, a really unique name?
Madoka: No... It says "Mysterious Masked Skywalker"...
Everyone: Mysterious Masked Skywalker!
Asuka: Mysterious Masked Skywalker!
Misaki: Mysterious Masked Skywalker!
Mashiro: Mysterious Masked Skywalker!
Madoka: ...Unbelievable.
Masaya: You think they put the "mysterious" part themself?
Misaki: I feel like "mysterious" would take on a whole new meaning if they did.
Mashiro: Yeah, it'd make me wonder if the mysterious part is that they called themself mysterious.
Madoka: Uh, sure... More importantly, is this really alright?
Masaya: I'd say no, but apparently it's within the rules, since they're set to compete and all.
Madoka: Are they friend or foe...
Masaya: Again, FC is a solo sport, so <i>of course</i> they're our enemy.
Does she just really like saying that line?
Asuka: Looks like their match is about to begin.
The ref positions themself.
Misaki: Oh boy...
And then, the whistle is blown.
Asuka: I wonder what their style is? This is <i>really</i> exciting!
Masaya: Right, they better have something special up their sleeve with a name like Mysterious Masked Skywalker. Based on the Hibas from Mizuki, I guess they're an All-Rounder?
Usually only All-Rounders use that model, but you do see some Fighters put them on from time to time.
Mashiro: Will they throw out flashy moves or rely on crafty tricks to throw their opponent off? Either way, I'm sure we're in for a treat.
Everyone seems to be on the same page. Cheers fill the beach as the match begins.
Masaya: Let's wait and see.
Show me your moves, Masked Skywalker.
The whistle blows, signaling the end of the match. Asuka and I then look at each other instantly.
Asuka: Um.... that was pretty average, right?
Masaya: Yep, they were a perfectly average All-Rounder.
Misaki: ...They were <i>totally</i> sticking to the basics, weren't they?
Mashiro: And they lost, even.
Masked Skywalker lost their match. The final score was 4:5.
Madoka: Really kept you on the edge of your seat though, yeah?
It feels like no one knows how to react to that outcome.
There was nothing special about Masked Skywalker. They weren't particularly weak or strong in any aspect. Basically, "average" is the perfect word for them.
Masaya: ...Well, let's just forget this ever happened and move on.
Misaki: Right.
This is real awkward.
Madoka: It's about time for you to start warming up, Mashirocchi.
Mashiro: Oh... Okay.
Masaya: Don't look all depressed... You haven't lost yet!
Mashiro: I keep telling you to say that in a more confident way!
Mashiro: ...Why did I get so unlucky?
Masaya: You really need to get over that.
She's just been whining about that non-stop this whole time.
Mashiro: Can you blame me?! My opponent is Satouin-san! I know she's a lot better than me! And to be honest, I don't see any way I can win... Ouch!
I give Mashiro a light slap on the head.
Mashiro: That hurt! I have enough bad luck as it is, and now you're getting violent on me?
Masaya: Relax. I'm just trying to get you to calm down.
Mashiro: I <i>am</i> calm. I've calmly thought about the situation and realized I have no hope of winning. Oww! Why'd you slap slap slap slap slap me?
Masaya: I didn't slap you like that, stop exaggerating. Look, going into a match expecting to lose is rude to your opponent. You should at least <i>try</i> to win, even if she's obviously better than you.
Mashiro: Still...
Masaya: She may not look it, but Satouin-san is a very nice, diligent person.
Mashiro: Huh? Why are you bringing that up?
Masaya: You agree, yeah?
Mashiro: I do. She may look stuck-up and arrogant, but she's nothing like that... So, what's your point?
Masaya: Her playstyle is the same.
Mashiro: Uh, okay...? What are you trying to say?
Masaya: Just let me finish. Listen, Satouin-san is an All-Rounder. And All-Rounders focus on exploiting their opponent's weakness.
Mashiro: Yeah, I know that...
When they face a Fighter, they subdue them with speed. And when they're up against a Speeder, they take them on in a dogfight.
Masaya: In other words, most All-Rounders play around their opponent's gameplan.
Mashiro: Hm... This is starting to smell fishy...
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i> How...?! Anyway, in my mind, there are two kinds of ultra-serious people.
Mashiro: And those are?
Masaya: One directs that sentiment toward themself, while the other directs it toward others. The former is usually very belief driven, while the latter is usually concerned about how something might impact others. Which do you think Satouin-san is?
Mashiro: The latter. She's <i>extremely</i> considerate.
Masaya: Right. So basically, Satouin-san adapts both her personality and playstyle to her opponent, which we can use to our advantage.
Mashiro: It sounds like you're cooking up a cheap tactic...
Masaya: Whatever it takes to win.
Mashiro: What exactly do you want me to do, then?
Masaya: Jump past the first line right away.
Mashiro: But I'm a Speeder.
Masaya: I know. But if you fight her using normal Speeder tactics, she'll take you down right away. You realize how much better she is, right?
Mashiro: Yeah, I do...
Masaya: That's why you're going to play like a Fighter.
Mashiro: You want me to play like a Fighter <i>after</i> making me switch to Speeder?
Masaya: Yep. There are some players who do that, okay? Just trust me.
They aren't many, but some people do focus on dogfights despite wearing Speeder shoes.
And those players utilize the speed from the shoes to focus on hit-and-run tactics.
Mashiro: But I never practiced anything like that.
Masaya: You used to be a Fighter.
Mashiro: I guess...
Masaya: You need to pull out all the stops if you want to stand a chance against her.
Mashiro: I agree with you there, but...
Masaya: After you jump ahead, position yourself above Satouin-san to start putting pressure on her.
Mashiro: Above her?
Masaya: She'll have a hard time seeing you when you're above her. It's difficult to keep up inverted flight, which pretty much rules that option out for her.
Mashiro: But...
Mashiro glances to the side.
When I follow her gaze, I see Satouin-san talking to Shindou-san.
Mashiro: How is that going to do anything when Shindou-san is her second?
Good point. Shindou-san's definitely going to accurately relay Mashiro's position to her, which hurts this plan.
Masaya: It'll still work. People get uneasy when they can't see things they know are right in front of them, right?
Mashiro: True... But what's that pressure going to accomplish?
Masaya: She'll start acting cautious, which should slow her down. Plus, like I said, Satouin-san is a considerate person. If the decision to engage or not is on her shoulders...
Mashiro: She'll start a dogfight?
Masaya: Exactly. And now we get to the most important part. Once she rushes you, make a run for it and force her into a battle of speed.
Mashiro: In other words, you want me to outwit her.
Masaya: Bingo.
Mashiro stands no chance in a straightforward match.
But luckily, Satouin-san watched Mashiro during the training camp, which means she's under the impression that she's a Fighter. And that may have just saved us.
Mashiro: ...Do you think I can do it?
Masaya: If you stay high enough, you can use gravity to accelerate quickly and beat her. Satouin-san, on the other hand, will probably be pretty mad that she got tricked and lose her composure.
Mashiro: What if she just ignores me and goes for the buoy?
Masaya: Then it'll become a pure speed battle, which puts you at an advantage despite your gap in skill.
Mashiro: That sounds like a solid plan.
Honestly, I doubt it's gonna go that well. Mashiro doesn't have much experience as a Speeder yet, so she probably can't win even if she has an advantage.
Mashiro: ...Are you trying to trick me?
Masaya: What would I get out of tricking you?
I make sure to sound confident to keep her spirits high.
Mashiro: Promise I won't end up with a bunch of stupid items I have no use for?
Masaya: I'd have to be a professional conman to somehow sell you something through all of this.
Mashiro: ...Alright. I'll follow your plan.
Masaya: Good. You gotta believe that you can win. And if you do pull it off, Misaki'll be real happy.
Mashiro: R-Right! I'll try my best!
Mashiro clenches her fists in front of her chest, nods, and flies off toward first.
Now I just have to hope Satouin-san falls for our trap.
Satouin: It has been a while.
Mashiro: R-Right. I'll do whatever it takes to win!
Satouin: As will I. Let's make this a splendid match.
Mashiro: Y-Yeah.
Mashiro's voice sounds a bit shaky.
Makes sense, since this is her first tournament and all. Guess she started feeling nervous as soon as she got to her starting position.
Masaya: Don't forget, you need to jump to the second line right away.
Mashiro: I know. Don't worry.
Referee: May I start the match?
Mashiro: Y-Yes!
Satouin: Please do.
Referee: Ready, set...
He blows the whistle, signaling the start of their match.
Satouin: ......
Satouin-san starts by staring at Mashiro. She wants to see whether Mashiro's going to jump to the next line or go for the buoy.
This is the perfect chance to fake going for the buoy, but Mashiro's not ready to convincingly pull that off yet.
Mashiro: ......
Having confirmed that Mashiro's jumping to the second line...
Satouin: ......
Satouin-san flies down the first line, aiming for second.
Masaya: Right, now get in position not too far from the buoy. Oh, but make sure you aren't too close either.
Mashiro: Got it.
We need to get the ball rolling as soon as possible, but...
Getting closer to the buoy means getting closer to Satouin-san.
And if she does that, there's always the risk of Satouin-san touching the buoy and flying straight past Mashiro.
Mashiro: Am I high enough?
Mashiro is around five meters above the line.
Masaya: Yeah, that's fine. Remember, if Satouin-san tries to go straight down the line, it'll be a race to third.
Mashiro: Got it.
Masaya: If that happens, try to stay as high as possible.
Mashiro: Why?
Masaya: You're trying to force her into a position that gives you the advantage, so it'd be bad if she caught you before you pull that off. Plus, it'll probably piss her off.
Mashiro: Sort of feels like I'm hunting.
Masaya: In a way, you kind of are.
Satouin: ......
Satouin-san touches second.
The score is 0:1 now.
Satouin: ......
Satouin-san slows down and looks up at Mashiro.
Mashiro: Masaya-senpai... Satouin-san's <i>totally</i> staring at me.
Masaya: Uh...
Is Mashiro's position a dead giveaway? But that's the only way I can see her winning this...
After waiting for a while, she approaches Mashiro instead of going for third.
Satouin: I see... How interesting.
Mashiro: Masaya-senpai... It looks like she's figured everything out.
Masaya: That's not much of an issue. The important question here is how she's going to react.
Mashiro: Oh, I'm ahead of her now! Should I go for third?
Masaya: No! That's against the rules.
Mashiro: O-Oh, right...
A player who jumps lines can't go for the next buoy until they either make physical contact with their opponent or cross their path.
Satouin: I must say, your idea deserves praise. You planned to irritate me by remaining above me, yes?
Mashiro: Uh, well...
Satouin: I am correct, am I not?
Mashiro: Oh, uh, um... No, not really...
Satouin: I do not mind playing along.
Contrary to my expectations, Satouin-san is the one pressuring Mashiro.
She gradually climbs, making her way toward Mashiro. At this rate, she'll reach her altitude and our plan will go out the window.
D-Dammit! If Satouin-san keeps this up, Mashiro'll break down before she even gets to make a move.
Before it comes to that...!
Masaya: Mashiro! Do it now! Engage Satouin-san in a dogfight while she's still below you!
Mashiro: G-Got it!
Huh?!
A cocky smirk rises to Satouin-san's face.
Satouin: I swear, you're making this utterly boring by falling for my provocation. Tell me, do I have Masaya Hinata to blame for this?
Satouin-san tilts forward energetically, then proceeds to swoop down.
Mashiro: Huh? What the?!
Mashiro and Satouin-san pass right by each other.
Satouin: I will be going ahead.
Mashiro: Whaaat?!
Mashiro is now flying toward second, while Satouin-san is heading toward third.
Goddammit!
I never expected her to do that!
Mashiro: Wh-What just happened?
Masaya: Satouin-san played us. There's no point chasing after her now. Jump to the third line.
Mashiro listens to me and starts flying toward the third line.
Mashiro: Question!
Masaya: Yeah?
Mashiro: Um, basically, Satouin-san never intended to engage in a dogfight, right? Instead, she just tricked us into diving back toward the last buoy.
Masaya: That's right. Sorry. Seems like she outsmarted me.
Mashiro: Oh, I see... Okay, I get it now!
Masaya: Huh? What are you talking about?
Mashiro: FC doesn't just involve flying fast and going for each other's back. Reading your opponent is also important, I guess.
Masaya: Exactly.
Mashiro: I see... In that case, it's my turn to trick Satouin-san, right?
Masaya: Do you have a plan?
Mashiro: Kind of?
Masaya: You sound pretty uncertain... Anyway, just take the same position again. She may have beaten us just now, but the strategy was still sound.
Mashiro: Got it!
Satouin-san calmly, slowly touches third and approaches Mashiro.
And that's 0:2.
Mashiro is waiting above the center of the third line.
Like last time, Satouin-san proceeds to slowly inch closer to Mashiro.
Is she doing that to preserve her stamina? Or wait, is she trying to run down the clock, maybe?
We only have the first round today, so there's no need to preserve stamina. But then again, there's nothing wrong with using this chance to help form the habit.
Stalling may seem dirty, but Mashiro's strategy involves waiting, so we have no right to complain.
Satouin: The same plan again?
Mashiro: Who knows?
Masaya: Retreat diagonally upwards at the same pace she's using to close in on you.
Mashiro: Roger.
We don't want her to close the gap. If Mashiro keeps retreating, Satouin-san might just give up and go for the buoy eventually.
And if she does, we can turn this into a battle of speed.
This is all a little risky, but at the end of the day, Satouin-san is taking the bait.
Things are looking up.
Mashiro: ......
Huh?
This is weird...
Mashiro's turning to the side as if she's getting pulled by something.
Satouin: ...Huh?
And that makes Satouin-san look in that direction as well.
Mashiro: ...Oh, wow, what's that red thing? Isn't that a meteorite coming down?
Satouin: Huh?
Mashiro uses that chance to tilt downward, closing the distance between her and Satouin-san in an instant.
Satouin: What?
Mashiro: And... touch!
Mashiro extends her arm and touches Satouin-san's back as she flies by her.
Satouin: Huuuh?!
Satouin-san loses her balance completely as she essentially rolls forward.
The score's now 1:2.
Wow, that was real dirty!
It's not against the rules or anything, but I'd say that was a breach of player etiquette at least.
Mashiro: How about I go back for a second touch...?
Masaya: Not gonna work. You made contact, so it's fine for you to go for the buoy! Use your boost from that to speed over to it!
Mashiro: Got it!
Mashiro proceeds to rush toward the buoy.
Satouin-san totally lost her composure, so it should take her some time to recover.
Mashiro: There!
Mashiro has successfully touched fourth.
That's 2:2.
Amazing! I can't believe she actually managed to even the score.
Mashiro: Wait, what? Wow! Is this it?! Do I have a chance of winning now?!
Masaya: Maybe you do!
Mashiro: ...So, what next?
Masaya: Huh?
I look over and finally notice that Satouin-san is floating on the first line.
Ugh...
I never planned for this scenario...
Mashiro: Um, Satouin-san looks, like, <i>really</i> mad...
Masaya: She sure does.... And honestly, she has every right to be.
Her hair's standing on end, and she looks like a bloodthirsty demon.
Mashiro: Don't say that. I need your help here. Tell me what to do!
Masaya: Don't worry. An angry opponent'll have a hard time making rational decisions. Just watch her closely and figure out how to slip past her.
Mashiro: O-Okay...
Satouin: I despise those who breach etiquette.
Mashiro: A-Agreed!
Satouin: If you truly do, then forfeit the match right this instant.
Mashiro: Um... Th-That seems a little harsh...
Satouin: If you wish, I shall also accept seppuku as a means of atonement for your cowardly deed.
Mashiro: But I'm not a samurai...
Satouin: Why should that matter? In this day and age, committing seppuku is a choice any honorable soul can make.
Mashiro: Well, that's...
Satouin: ......
Mashiro: F-Fine! I'll commit seppuku.
Masaya: Don't just give in!
Mashiro: You're asking for the impossible! She's <i>really</i> mad right now!
Masaya: Whatever, just hurry up and force her into a race!
Mashiro: It's not that easy!
Satouin: Very well, then. Allow me to make the first move.
Satouin-san rushes straight toward Mashiro.
Mashiro: W-Wait! Stooop!
Yeeeah... That's not gonna end well.
In a way, dogfights are also a battle of spirit, so there's no way she can put up a fight when she's that rattled.
I'm pretty sure my words won't reach her anymore, but I still have to try and help her.
Masaya: Calm down, Mashiro. Take a deep breath. If you lose your cool now, you're just handing the reins over to Satouin-san.
Mashiro: N-Noooooo! Somebody save meeeeee!
In the end, Satouin-san got five points in quick succession, ending the match with a 2:7 score. Mashiro got destroyed.
Mashiro: That was scary... I feel like I've just been scarred for life.
Masaya: You <i>definitely</i> shouldn't have done that, but the idea itself wasn't bad.
Mashiro: You think?
Masaya: Misleading your opponent with your gaze is the foundation of feints.
Mashiro: That means I didn't do anything wrong, right?
Masaya: Like I said, you shouldn't have done that! There's nothing wrong with looking to the side, but bringing up a meteorite to go "made you look" isn't cool. She was probably worried about getting seriously injured there!
Mashiro: Uh, yeah... Maybe you're right.
Satouin: Not maybe. <i>Definitely.</i>
Mashiro: Wh-Whoa! I deeply regret my actions! Please forgive me!
Mashiro bends backward at a surprisingly high speed, then bows her head at the same pace.
Satouin: It's quite alright, really. What's done is done. I also feel quite bad about my immature response.
Mashiro: A-And I assure you, I am currently reflecting on my actions!
Satouin: I genuinely commend your courage. Utilizing a feint and looking to the side in that situation was quite impressive. Mashiro Arisaka, you have promise.
Mashiro: Huh?
Satouin: Well then, I shall excuse myself now.
Satouin-san does a graceful twirl and takes her leave.
Masaya: Hear that? You have promise.
Mashiro: Hehehe... The fact that she noticed that means Satouin-san also has promise.
Masaya: You should <i>actually</i> reflect on your actions here, Mashiro.
Great, we're sitting at two losses in the first round already.
I really wanna put a stop to this string of losses, but...
Misaki: ......
Misaki doesn't seem the least bit motivated.
Masaya: Let's crush your opponent. No mistakes allowed, since that'll help prepare you for your match with Shindou-san tomorrow. Plus, you could probably use the extra bit of confidence too.
Misaki: 'Kaaay!
Masaya: ...What's with that lazy reply?
Misaki: Weeell, I don't really wanna do this anymore.
Masaya: ...<i>Huh?</i> Look, I know your mood fluctuates like the value of a stock, but can you <i>please</i> not give me that on the very first match?
Misaki: Wow, you're acting like I'd change my mood based on the highest bidder... Say, how much would you pay to change my mood, Masaya?
Masaya: 100 yen for you to get motivated.
Misaki: Man, that's <i>nothing!</i> Hm, 100 yen for every mood swing, huh? Cool, that means I can get up to around 2,000 yen an hour! Not bad.
Masaya: You plan on changing your mood 20 times an hour...? Anyway, forget that. Why don't you wanna compete now?
Misaki: 'Cause of my opponent.
Masaya: What about Ichinose?
Misaki: Well...
Misaki directs her gaze over to a spot a few meters away from us.
Satouin-san and Ichinose are talking over there.
Masaya: ...You don't wanna face someone you know?
I guess that's fair. A lot of people don't like facing their friends, since it might make things awkward after the fact.
Misaki: ......
Sure, sometimes friendships and friendly rivalries form due to a match, but just as often... or no, more often, things get awkward instead.
The reason is simple. It's frustrating to lose.
And because most people don't want to admit defeat, they end up blaming their opponent.
Masaya: You're in a competitive sport. Suck it up.
FC doesn't have a large playerbase yet, so you tend to face the same people over and over. That means she has to get used to this sooner rather than later.
Misaki: I guess that's part of it, but... Hm, how do I put this? It's not that I don't want to, but...
Masaya: ......
Misaki: It's <i>really</i> hard to say... Say, what do you think of Ichinose-chan? And no, I don't mean, like, is her body your type or anything.
Masaya: Obviously.
I'd have to have a few screws loose to interpret her question like that.
Misaki: This <i>totally</i> isn't about that dream you keep having of looking at those huge knockers on her chest directly, got it?
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i> I'm no idiot! Have a little faith here!
I've never even mentioned having a dream like that!
Masaya: I'd say she has a steady, or rather meticulous playstyle.
It's rather obvious that she has a pretty by the book playstyle.
Misaki: <i>Exactly.</i>
Masaya: What about it?
Misaki: It's <i>really</i> clear how fixated she is on doing everything properly, so, um... uh... See, I also spoke to Shindou-san and Satouin-san during the training camp, but I don't have a problem with facing them.
Masaya: What, you're saying Ichinose is different somehow?
Misaki: Yeah... Shindou-san is, um... uh... better than me and... Oh, right.
Misaki: He's real scary.
Masaya: Scary, huh?
Misaki: Satouin-san isn't as scary as Shindou-san, but she seems hard to beat. Again, I'm not talking about her personality or body, okay?
Masaya: Why do you keep assuming that's what I'd think?! Look, I know <i>exactly</i> what you mean by scary.
I used to be a player myself, so I'm painfully aware of what it's like to fear an opponent.
It's only natural to get nervous before facing someone good.
Same goes for when you face an opponent that's hard to read. And sometimes, even ordinary players with conventional playstyles can make you sweat because of their mastery of their skills.
Feeling scared of your opponent is a perfectly natural emotion.
Misaki: And it kinda feels like that fear is what motivates me. I mean, it's fun to fight scary opponents, right?
Masaya: ...In other words, you don't want to face Ichinose because she doesn't scare you?
Misaki: I know that kinda makes me sound arrogant, but yeah. I mean, she was <i>really</i> straightforward during training camp. I bet I can read her like a book.
I get where she's coming from, but...
Masaya: Hm... You know, underestimating your opponent's a surefire way to lose.
A wry smile forms on Misaki's face as she looks down at her toes.
Misaki: I know... But Ichinose-chan's <i>super</i> diligent, which makes things a lot worse for me. I'm sure she's gonna go, "I don't wanna lose."
Masaya: Right, she even said as much this morning.
Misaki: Yeah. And that's what, um... How should I put it? It makes me kinda go, "Hmmm."
Masaya: Why? Not wanting to lose is nothing special. I mean, <i>come on,</i> what player in their right mind would actually want to lose a match?
Misaki: Well, yeah, but... Ichinose-chan's probably gonna be real straightforward about those feelings. And thinking about that's kinda throwing me off.
Masaya: How does it throw you off, exactly?
Misaki: Makes me think she should focus on the match instead. And honestly, that kinda annoys me.
Oh, now it all makes sense.
Masaya: I think I finally get what you're trying to say.
Ichinose is sure that victory awaits her as long as she does everything by the book.
And it seems that way of thinking pisses Misaki off.
If you wanna win, then do everything in your power to win. That's Misaki's point. Simply believing isn't good enough, and yet Ichinose keeps mentioning it.
Don't get me wrong, having faith in yourself is important.
If you're not confident in your own skills, the accuracy of your moves will suffer. If you don't trust yourself to perform the moves you've practiced, you'll miss the right timing to use them. And if you don't believe you can win from the bottom of your heart, you never will.
However, Ichinose's state of mind is a little different. It seems almost like she's believing in the fact that she believes in herself, if that makes any sense.
And that's effectively the same as not truly believing in anything.
Masaya: Forget Ichinose's issues. You just need to focus on winning.
Misaki: I guess...
Misaki forms a forced smile after saying that.
Misaki: So, what's the plan, Coach?
She asks me that in teasing tone.
Masaya: You've practiced with Prez, so you should be used to fighting Speeders. Plus, Ichinose's a lot slower than Prez, so her speed should pose no problem.
Misaki: Right.
Masaya: Still, she's gonna use a lot more feints than Prez, which'll make you doubt what to do when she closes in. When that happens, don't make the first move.
Misaki: You want me to wait for her to make a move?
Masaya: Yep. Basically, whenever she tries to force you to make a decision, throw that right back at her.
Misaki: I see... Because Ichinose-chan's feints are easy to read, yeah?
Masaya: Bingo. You can pull that off, right?
Misaki: Uh, I dunno... I'm all down in the dumps right now...
Masaya: Enough. Get serious already.
Misaki: Fiiine. Aight, I'm off.
Misaki flies off toward first in her usual tottering manner.
Misaki: Hey. Hope we have a good match.
Rika: As do I. And also!
Misaki: Wh-What?
I can hear their conversation through the headset.
Rika: It seems Shindou-san has high hopes for you, but I'm not going to lose here.
Misaki: Huh? Yeah, cool.
Rika: I will not lose.
Misaki: You want me to reply with a "That's my line," or what?
Rika: Don't ask me.
Please, God, don't let Misaki's motivation die completely...
That aside... This isn't really my business, but...
Isn't Ichinose a little too high-strung? It's hard to maintain good form when you're all tense and stiff.
I look to the side.
Satouin: ......
Her second, Satouin-san, is speaking to her with a slightly stern look on her face.
Knowing her, she's probably telling Ichinose that she just said something inappropriate.
Referee: I'm starting the match. Ready, set...!
Misaki: ......
Rika: ......
The whistle resounds. Time to begin!
Misaki's a Fighter, while Ichinose's a Speeder.
Misaki: ......
Naturally, Misaki jumps to the second line right away.
Rika: ......
Ichinose, in turn, flies toward second.
And by the time Misaki reaches the center of the second line...
Rika: ......
Ichinose touches second, bringing the score to 0:1. Everything's going just as we planned for now.
Ichinose fixates her gaze on Misaki after pushing off second.
Rika: Here I come!
Misaki: ......
She says that, then closes in on Misaki with a horizontal Scissors. This is just like what she did to Asuka during our training camp.
Misaki: ......
Misaki's rocking her body up and down, left and right, as she stands ready to intercept her. She looks kinda like Muhammad Ali out there.
Rika: ......
Ichinose is probably gonna shoot directly up or down right before she reaches Misaki. You make your opponent's eyes get used to horizontal movement, then suddenly shift to vertical movement instead.
It's a standard feint.
It tends to be rather effective too, but... she's making this <i>way</i> too obvious.
Still, it's not like we know which way she's going, so we need to keep an eye out.
Masaya: ......
I should give Misaki some advice, but maybe I'll hold off on that for now.
Better to just wait and see how she reacts.
Misaki: ......
Once Ichinose gets close enough...
Misaki: ...There!
Misaki throws up her arms like when you do a butterfly stroke in the water. It's a motion that helps a person shift into a rapid climb.
Rika: Ah...!
Ichinose responds to that by diving diagonally downward.
Misaki: And?
Misaki does a 180 degree vertical roll and shoots straight down onto Ichinose.
Misaki: Got you!
Rika: Oh no!
Ichinose probably thought she lost Misaki already. Repelled by the touch, she goes flying off into the distance with no semblance of her balance remaining.
I'm sure Satouin-san relayed Misaki's position to her, but she probably couldn't react fast enough.
The score is now 1:1.
Misaki: Time to double up.
Misaki touches Ichinose's back yet again while she's flailing through the air.
Rika: Nooo!
That's another point for Misaki.
It's 2:1.
Rika: Ugh!
Ichinose eventually regains her balance and dives down to put some distance between her and Misaki, but--
Satouin: Not downward!
I can hear Satouin-san's scream from all the way over here.
She's descended even further after getting pushed down twice already. A rookie mistake.
Rika: Oh!
Ichinose's right by the water now.
She's a Speeder who's back to square one. She can't escape downward, her initial speed is slow, and there's no way for her to gain speed while going up.
And worst of all, there's a Fighter right above her who can dive down to gain speed.
She should have tried going to the side or up instead, even if that meant letting Misaki score a few more points.
Honestly, there's technically nothing wrong with any of her individual decisions.
When your opponent seems to move up, you fly down.
When you get hit, you dive down to shake them off.
However, the culmination of those decisions has driven her into a corner. She's clearly very skilled, but it doesn't seem like she's used to using all the things she's learned at once, which is dragging her down.
Satouin: Follow the water's surface toward second!
Satouin-san is raising her voice, which is rather unusual.
Rika: Okay!
Ichinose proceeds to follow her orders.
Misaki: What should I do? Go after her?
Masaya: It's too late for that. You should've done it earlier! Get serious already!
Misaki: I am, but... Ichinose-chan looked ready to cry, which stopped me in my tracks. God, this sucks!
Masaya: You had the perfect chance to score more points...
But if she had actually done that, there's a chance she would've traumatized Ichinose. Though, maybe she'd prefer that over being pitied.
Masaya: Anyway, Ichinose flew back to the last buoy, so touch third and move down the line.
Misaki: Gotcha!
Misaki touches third.
That makes it 3:1.
Misaki: What now? Should I go for fourth?
Masaya: It's safe to assume she'll catch up to you at some point, but yeah, you might as well.
Misaki: Aight!
The Fighter is leaving the Speeder in her dust... Weird.
Maybe Ichinose's given up.
Is she already traumatized?
Misaki: ......
Right as Misaki gets a few meters out from the buoy...
Rika: Stop right there!
Ichinose rushes down the line at an unimaginable speed.
Misaki: Hm? Huh?
I get why Misaki's so confused.
There's no hint of her using any feint whatsoever. She's just...
She's just advancing in a straight line like Prez.
Misaki: Hm...
Misaki rocks her body in different directions, but she doesn't react to it at all.
Misaki: Is she maybe...?
Masaya: Brace yourself for impact! Ichinose's trying to force her way through! Stop her!
Rika: I won't let you win!
Misaki: Huuuh?!
Ichinose collides with Misaki.
Rika: Kgh!
Misaki: Craaap!
They're both repelled immediately.
Misaki swiftly recovers from her loss of balance, but she's now on the other side of the buoy.
And in front of the buoy... is Ichinose. Though, she still hasn't recovered quite yet.
Oh, that's what she was after!
In a head-on collision, both players are repelled in opposite directions. So, while it looked like Ichinose'd been thrown backward, she's actually advanced a fair bit.
Repulsion is relative, so when you're advancing with forward force that's stronger than the repellent force, you will, in fact, move forward even though it looks like you've been pushed back.
She's lost almost all her speed, but... she actually managed to get in front of the buoy. Plus, she pushed Misaki back at the exact same time.
Rika: That's one more point for me!
Ichinose uses the speed boost from the buoy to stabilize her form and rocket down the next line.
The score is 3:2 now.
Rika: I still have a chance!
Misaki: Wow, I was <i>totally</i> wrong. You're actually pretty scary when you wanna be, Ichinose-chan. In that case...!
Misaki tilts forward and flies toward the buoy, then uses the repellent force from touching it to accelerate.
She wants to touch Ichinose before she picks up more speed.
Misaki: Eat this!
Rika: Ah...!
Ichinose spins her body sideways in order to escape Misaki's extended hands. It's a basic technique that's known as an Aileron Roll.
She stretches out her arms and pulls them back in again, shifting her speed all the while, which helps her elegantly evade Misaki.
Masaya: Kill her speed!
Misaki: I'm not stupid!
Touching her back would just push her forward, which would actually hurt Misaki's chances. Her only choice is to somehow touch her from the side...
Rika: I won't let you have your way with me!
Misaki: Hey!
Ichinose swiftly soars up into a High Yo-Yo. And Misaki, who's sped up quite a bit at that point, ends up in front of her as a result.
Rika: It's not like I'm useless in a dogfight!
Ichinose dives down and goes for Misaki's open back.
Misaki: Sorry, I can't just let you beat me at my own game!
Misaki dodges with a rapid climb.
Rika: Ah?!
Now Ichinose is in the front again, which means she's forced to enter a swift climb to pursue Misaki's back.
They start spinning around like roller coasters as they go for each other's back.
Ichinose's wearing Maine Coons from Small Grove, which are Speeder Grav Shoes, so this is pretty damn impressive.
She must have put a lot of time and effort into dogfight practice if she's doing this well in those shoes.
Unfortunately...
Misaki: You're going down!
Rika: Kgh!
Misaki touches Ichinose's back, sending her flying.
And that's 4:2.
Yeah, Misaki's the wrong opponent to try and beat in a dogfight...
Misaki: Time for touch number two!
Rika: I won't let you!
Misaki: H-Hey!
Ichinose rolls over and guards herself by throwing out both her arms. Wow, that's not how Speeders usually defend themselves at all.
Guess one of them realized that playing standard would just doom them at this point.
Not sure if that was Satouin-san or Ichinose herself, but either way, it's a decision that required a lot of courage.
Still...
She may have stopped Misaki from scoring, but how does she plan on getting away when she's wearing Grav Shoes with slow initial speed?
Misaki: Wow, I misjudged you, Ichinose-chan. You're a lot scarier than I thought!
Rika: I have no idea what you're saying.
Oh, I know.
I guess there <i>is</i> one way for her to escape.
She just needs to let Misaki touch her, then use the repellent force to make up for her slow initial speed.
Forfeit the battle to win the war, basically.
Masaya: Misaki, do you wanna win?
Misaki: Yeah! I <i>definitely</i> do.
Masaya: Then start circling Ichinose.
Misaki: Got it.
Rika: ......
Misaki starts to circle Ichinose.
Misaki: What now?
Masaya: If Ichinose tries to do something, go for her back. If she doesn't, do nothing.
Misaki: Huh? What do you mean, do nothing?
Masaya: Nothing means nothing. Why are you acting all confused?
Misaki: I'm asking <i>why!</i>
Masaya: Ichinose's trying to escape with the speed boost she'd get from you touching her. The perfect counter to that is to just not touch her. All you need to do is circle around her until time runs out.
Misaki: That's seems pretty scummy.
Masaya: If you really wanna win, do whatever it takes. If you hold back now, neither of you'll be able to accept the results after the match. This is the only way to reach a satisfying conclusion.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: No one'll be happy if you do something stupid now.
Misaki: ...Fine, I'll listen to you.
Rika: ......
Ichinose looks frustrated. She knows that if she makes a move, Misaki'll immediately go for her back.
If she wants to win, she has no choice but to wait for Misaki to change her mind.
We're at a stalemate because both of them want to win more than anything in the world.
Satouin: ......
I notice that Satouin-san's looking straight at me.
Masaya: ......
I give her a nod.
Satouin: ......
And then, Satouin-san nods back with a wry smile on her face.
This match is over.
There's no way to change things at this point.
And Ichinose probably knows that she has no one to blame for her loss but herself.
I hear the sound of the whistle a few minutes later. Misaki wins with a 4:2 score.
Masaya: Good job. Anything you'd like to say?
Misaki: Hm... No, not really. I'm kinda surprised matches can just end like that, but hey... at least I didn't hold back or anything.
Masaya: Right. Though, you <i>did</i> hold back during the first half, didn't you?
Misaki: Nah. I just found it kinda awkward. Gotta say, I was <i>really</i> relieved that Ichinose-chan was actually good.
Wow, she sounds <i>super</i> arrogant.
But honestly, I'd expect no less from Misaki.
Rika: Thank you for the match.
Ichinose comes over and bows her head to Misaki.
Misaki: Nah, I should be thanking you.
Rika: I'm relieved you took it seriously.
Oh, so she noticed...
Rika: Still, I won't lose next time!
Misaki: That's my line!
Misaki smiles as she says that.
Actually, they're <i>both</i> smiling. Nice.
In the end, we finish the first day with two losses and two wins.
Misaki beat Ichinose and--
Asuka: I-I did it!
Asuka also manages to win her first match.
Misaki: Congrats!
Mashiro: Nice work!
Madoka: Whoa, that was awesome! You did it!
Aoi: Well done. That was a good match.
Everyone surrounds Asuka and applauds.
Asuka: I didn't expect to actually win... It's a miracle!
Madoka: That's not true. Trust me, it was all skill.
Asuka: No, it has to be a miracle! I must've forced the stars to align... Oh no, now the whole world's in danger because of me!
Masaya: Don't you think that's a little much, Asuka? I mean, do you seriously believe you have psychic powers?
Asuka: But how else can I explain it? This makes no sense...
Aoi: It's all thanks to your hard work.
Asuka: But...
Aoi: No buts, Kurashina.
Aoi-san is speaking to her in a rather grave tone.
Aoi: Wouldn't you feel bad for your opponent if you just lucked out?
Asuka: Huh?
Aoi: Imagine yourself in their shoes. Would it sit well with you to lose for any reason aside from a gap in skill?
Asuka: ...No, it probably wouldn't.
Aoi: Sure, luck may have played a part, but that's also a skill in its own right. It's rude to say you didn't beat them fair and square.
Asuka: Rude, huh?
Aoi: Mhm.
Asuka: ......
Masaya: How'd it feel to win?
Asuka: Well, I was <i>really</i> happy, but I also felt kind of sad... I guess that means I have mixed feelings.
Masaya: Good to know. Not sure if it'll happen in the next match or the one after that, but your feelings will grow more clear by the end of the tournament.
Asuka: ...They will?
Masaya: Definitely.
I direct my gaze to the edge of the venue.
Masaya: ......
Asuka: Uh...
Masaya: There can only be one champion.
Asuka: ......
Misaki: ......
Masaya: And that means you'll probably get knocked out eventually. By the end of this tournament, you'll know how it feels to win <i>and</i> lose. So yeah, it's fine to feel that way for now.
Asuka: It is?
Masaya: Yeah. May as well bask in the feeling of winning while you still can.
Asuka: ...Understood!
Misaki: Masaya just sweet-talked Asuka with some cryptic speech!
Asuka: Huh? He did?
Masaya: I didn't! I was just trying to tell you to embrace your feelings in the moment.
Asuka: Embrace my feelings in the moment, huh...?
Masaya: That's right.
Asuka: ......
Madoka: ...You've got a <i>really</i> creepy grin on your face.
Asuka: I-I can't help it! It just happens when I embrace my feelings!
The last match of the day comes to an end as I look up at the sky.
Aoi: Okay, that's all for today.
I turn to Madoka and see her looking at the tournament bracket sheet.
Madoka: Shion and Mashirocchi lost, while Asuka-chan and Misaki won. Guess that's in line with our expectations...
Mashiro: Hey, don't say that!
Madoka: Goes without saying, but Shindou-san won.
Masaya: I wonder why he changed his playstyle.
Misaki: Right. He's an All-Rounder with a focus on speed, but he played his match like a Fighter.
Asuka: Shindou-san's match was <i>really</i> scary.
Shindou-san engaged in a dogfight with his opponent on the second line and kept scoring over and over without ever advancing. He crushed his competition.
And honestly, it almost seemed like he enjoyed it.
Madoka: That Shitou Suisan combo also won their matches.
Misaki: ...There's no chance of me facing them, right?
Madoka: Ganeko-san and Okoze-san are both on the other side of the bracket. Your first opponent tomorrow's Shindou-san, so you've got nothing to worry about.
Misaki: Don't just assume I'm gonna lose! Maybe I'll win and face one of them in the grand finals!
Mashiro: Exactly! Shindou-san's an utterly insignificant existence compared to the great Misaki-senpai!
Masaya: Calm down, Mashiro. You're talking like Misaki's some kinda FC God.
Mashiro: That's because she is!
Masaya: Damn...
Misaki: Hahahaha... Wow, didn't know I was a god! Say, are there any shrines or temples in my honor?
Mashiro: I'll build one in our backyard. Feel free to come live in it if you want!
Misaki: Yeah, I can imagine that cardboard shrine already...
Mashiro: That's crazy talk. I'd use marble to build a great shrine that'd last 1,000 years.
Misaki: Yeah, no thanks. That'd be a small... no, <i>huge</i> problem.
Asuka: I'll go pray there if it'll make me better at FC!
Masaya: Wow, a win over Shindou-san tomorrow will mark the birth of Misakiism, huh? Cool, let's do our best to make it happen!
Misaki: Y'know, you're <i>really</i> killing my motivation here...
Misaki lets out a somewhat forced laugh.
Misaki: ...Well, you don't need to tell me to take him seriously. I already am.
Masaya: Great. Asuka, make sure you do all you can to pull out some wins tomorrow.
Asuka: Okay. I'll do whatever it takes!
Masaya: Well, let's call it a day. Make sure you head straight home.
Aoi: We'll meet here at the same time tomorrow. Don't be late.
Everyone: Rogeeer!
Asuka: Rogeeer!
Misaki: Rogeeer!
Mashiro: Rogeeer!
Madoka: Rogeeer!
Shion: Rogeeer!
Masaya: Phew... The first day was exhausting.
I'm on my way home after splitting up with everyone.
And I can't help but look back on the day's events.
Masaya: Asuka winning her match is a major plus. I'm starting to see how she can grow thanks to that.
It's great that her high potential has finally led to results.
Masaya: ...Still, the hard part begins now.
Asuka won't keep winning at her current level of skill.
And that means her real goal is learning something at this tournament that she can use in the next one.
Masaya: Some sort of move or strategy that suits her...
I'll have judge what's best as I watch her play.
Masaya: And then there's Misaki...
I expected her to win, but her results were still shocking.
I didn't know she was that much better than Ichinose. Their match honestly looked a little one-sided.
Masaya: If only her personality was better...
I feel kinda bad for Ichinose, since I know she puts in a ton of work.
Masaya: Honestly, she's the one I'm most worried about.
Well, it's Takafuji we're talking about, so I'm sure they did a great job of supporting her.
Besides, she seemed fine after the match.
Masaya: Guess I should at least talk to her when I--
Next thing I know, I'm in front of my house.
And...
Before I know it, someone's right beside me.
Rika: Ah...!
It's Ichinose.
She bows her head as soon as she notices me.
Masaya: H-Hi...
I raise my hand to greet her.
Well, this is awkward...
I guess it's no surprise since we're neighbors and we were just at the same place.
I try to just have quick chat and leave it at that, but...
Apparently both of us wanna talk about today's matches. That's why we're currently discussing things through our windows.
Rika: I see. I'm glad Asuka-san managed to clear the first round.
Masaya: Yeah. She was <i>really</i> happy about it. Though, she seemed to almost not believe it, too.
Rika: Oh?
I explain Asuka's situation to her.
How we had to convince her she won thanks to her own skill. And how she doesn't seem to fully buy into that idea yet, either.
Rika: Asuka-san's still growing as a Skywalker, huh?
Masaya: Right. She's got a lot to learn in terms of mindset and mental fortitude.
Rika: Amazing... She's nothing like me...
Ichinose mutters that in a dejected tone.
Masaya: I know it's strange for me to say this, but...
Rika: Yeah?
Masaya: You did good today. That match could've gone either way.
Rika: Hehe. Thank you.
Ichinose giggles as she begins to respond.
Rika: What did you think of my playstyle?
Masaya: Hm, that's a tough question...
I think it over for a minute before deciding to just give her my honest opinion.
Masaya: You were very straightforward, for better or worse.
Rika: Straightforward?
Masaya: Yeah. And honestly, I can see that being a weakness.
Like Misaki said earlier, that makes her an open book.
Masaya: But you also launched a surprise attack during that match. Plays like that aren't too bad.
Rika: You mean when I engaged her in a dogfight?
Masaya: Right. Unfortunately, dogfights are Misaki's specialty, so you just ended up putting yourself at a disadvantage.
Rika: ...Right.
Masaya: Is there a reason why you did that?
Rika: There is.
Ichinose responds with a wry smile on her face.
Rika: When the score became 1:3, I realized I was no match for Tobisawa-san.
Masaya: Thought as much.
Ichinose's movements slowed down around that time.
I thought she might have given up, which was why her counter-attack surprised me.
Rika: Back then, I asked Satouin-senpai for advice, and she told me something.
Masaya: Oh?
Rika: "Let's attempt something that will aid your growth."
Masaya: Really?
It's a style that involves confusing your opponent. Something she's completely unaccustomed to, basically.
Satouin-san herself has no experience with it either, yet she made Ichinose try it.
She may have lost in the end, but the experience she gained made it worthwhile. That was good coaching on Satouin-san's part.
Rika: I also wanted to give dogfighting a shot, but it seems I still lack experience.
Rika: That's why I need to practice more.
Rika: Today's match taught me that I play and think in an immature way.
Masaya: Make sure you aren't just going through the motions of practice.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: Well, this is just my personal opinion, but...
Her weakness doesn't just apply to real matches.
Based on what I've seen, she can be too straightforward and rigid during practice as well.
And just practicing like always won't really help her improve on that front.
Rika: ...I understand. That's also a weakness I currently have.
Masaya: Yeah. Pretty sure Satouin-san wanted to tell you the exact same thing.
Rika: Oh... I see.
Satouin-san's style is as conventional as it gets.
So maybe that's why she sees herself in Ichinose. They're very similar when it comes to FC.
Masaya: I'm not telling you to play dirty, but you should at least try to have a few surprises in store.
Rika: ......
Ichinose falls silent as she thinks over my words.
I know it hurts when someone belittles your style of play. No one ever wants to deviate from the path that they've dedicated themselves to.
But Ichinose will have a hard time improving at this rate.
I really hope she finds something that makes her want to change.
Rika: U-Um...
Ichinose starts talking again soon enough.
Masaya: Yeah?
Seems like this is hard for her to say, since she's gulping down her breath and all.
Rika: Can you do me a favor?
Masaya: Oh, what?
I wonder what it is...
Judging by... No, I <i>really</i> have no clue. What does she want?
Rika: Um, it's about Kunahama's practice...
Rika: May I join it when we both have time?
Masaya: Huh?
Can't say I ever expected that.
Masaya: Can I ask why?
Rika: Satouin-senpai told me something after my match today.
Rika: She said I had to see and experience more things. And that if I didn't, I would soon hit a wall.
Rika: That's why I thought of trying to change my daily routine somehow.
Masaya: Wow...
Man, she's one amazing woman.
Satouin-san's an incredible upperclassman <i>and</i> coach.
She already told Ichinose everything I wanted to say.
Rika: So, since we're all friends, I thought it would be nice to talk and practice together...
Rika: Is that a problem?
She clasps her hands and gazes at me with puppy dog eyes.
Is there any man in the world who can defend against this?
Masaya: Of course you can.
Rika: Really?!
Ichinose's face lights up right away.
Rika: Thank you! Thank you so much!
She thanks me as she bows her head over and over again.
Masaya: Calm down. It's no big deal, really.
Rika: But it's such an unreasonable request...
Masaya: Not really. Honestly, you'll probably be a <i>huge</i> help.
Practicing with someone from an FC powerhouse like Takafuji should work wonders.
After all, Ichinose's not the only one who can grow from trying new things and facing new opponents.
Masaya: Well, let's pick this up after the tournament.
Rika: Okay. I'll be there with the president for that.
Masaya: Your president...
Rika: Is something wrong?
Masaya: Oh, no, it's nothing.
I just pictured Shindou-san showing up with that creepy smile on his face.
Man, I sure hope he isn't gonna ask for anything weird in exchange...
Masaya: Alright, we've gotta get up early again, so I'd say it's time to hit the hay.
Rika: You're right. See you at the tournament tomorrow.
Masaya: Right.
And that brings an end to the first day of our club's very first tournament.
And now, the second day begins.
Everyone's gathered under the blazing midsummer sun once more.
Everyone is tense and quietly whispering. This is something you tend to see on tournament days.
You can hear the organizers getting everything set up <i>and</i> the players themselves preparing for their matches, which results in the atmosphere being a mixture of drowsiness and anticipation.
I'm making my way past all the tents and stalls as a rather awkward mic test blares around me. And eventually...
Minamo: Oh...! Good... morning...
Someone calls out to me from behind.
And when I turn around, I find Shirase-san's little sister, Minamo-chan, fidgeting around like a tiny squirrel.
Masaya: Morning, Minamo-chan. You here to lend your brother a hand?
Minamo: Y-Yes. Umm... That's one reason... yes...
Masaya: Oh? Okay...
It's a little weird that she's hesitating so much, but I guess she's always like this.
Masaya: Actually, I was just on my way to see your brother. Why don't we walk to his stall together?
Minamo: Huh...? Oh, y-y-yes... I'll... tag along...
Masaya: ......
Minamo: Um...
Minamo-chan just stands there and doesn't move.
Masaya: Oh, sorry. I was waiting for you.
Minamo: Oh... I'm... sorry...
Masaya: Don't be.
The situation turns tense as we both wait for the right moment to start walking.
Ugh, I need to say something to clear the air or we'll be stuck here all day... Oh, I know!
Masaya: His stall is over this way, yeah?
Minamo: It is...
Minamo-chan hurries over to me with light steps.
Masaya: Okay, then let's go.
Minamo: ......
Did something good happen to her this morning? She seems a lot happier than usual.
Masaya: Come to think of it, I never bothered to ask you, did I? Do you play FC?
Minamo: ...Yes, I do--
Minamo-chan pauses and suddenly casts her eyes down to the ground.
Minamo: --Not.
Masaya: Uh... So you don't?
Minamo: R-Right...
Masaya: What a waste. You're in the perfect area for FC, and your brother would be a great coach.
Minamo: ......
Masaya: Sorry. Do you maybe not like FC?
Minamo-chan shakes her head left and right, which makes her hair bounce.
Minamo: N-No! I... like it!
Masaya: I-I see. Why don't you play, then?
I immediately regret asking her that question. I mean, I'd hate if someone asked me that too...
Masaya: My bad. Forget I ever asked.
Minamo: No, it's okay... Umm... It's just... too embarrassing...
Masaya: Don't force yourself to tell me if it's too embarrassing.
Minamo: Umm... No, that's not... what I mean... Umm... Others... seeing me flying... is embarrassing...
Masaya: Oh, okay!
She finds the thought of other people seeing her fly embarrassing, huh?
Masaya: That reminds me, I think I've seen you over the sea before. You form was great, and your skills looked pretty polished too. Guess that makes sense, since you're Shirase-san's sister and all.
Minamo: Ah...!
Masaya: Wh-What's wrong?
Minamo: How could you... peep...? Masaya-san... you... pervert...
Masaya: I wasn't peeping! Honestly, I just saw you by chance. There was nothing perverted about it.
Minamo-chan giggles at that.
Minamo: I... beg to differ...
Is she teasing me?
Masaya: Look, you're wrong, okay?!
Minamo: Okay...
Minamo-chan nods while giggling.
Masaya: I bet you'd go pretty far with enough practice.
Minamo: But it's so... embarrassing....
Masaya: I see... Yeah, that is a real problem.
I mean, it'd be hard for her to push herself when her anxiety is getting the best of her.
Minamo: I... get nervous... in front of people... I don't know...
Shion: Hey, Hinata!
Minamo: Eek!
Minamo-chan jerks up in terror as she's startled by the voice that's calling out to me.
Shion: Oh! You're with Shirase-san's little sister.
Minamo: G-G-G-Good... morning...
Masaya: Huh? You know Minamo-chan?
Shion: Yeah, I've been going over to Shirase-san's store a lot lately to ask for help.
I can see that. It <i>did</i> seem like they clicked during that safety course.
Minamo: O-Okay, I need to... go... over there...
Masaya: Huh? Aren't you gonna go see your brother?
Minamo: I can... see him... at home...
Masaya: Right. Well, see you around!
Minamo: B-Bye!
Minamo-chan scampers off like a squirrel after bowing her head to me.
And I simply gaze at her receding figure for a while before Prez talks to me.
Shion: Are you a little sister killer?
Masaya: Uh, what? No, obviously not.
Shion: Feel free to <i>kill</i> my sister, if you know what I mean.
Masaya: Yeah, no thanks... Anyway, it's good to see you here.
I thought maybe he wouldn't show up after his loss yesterday, so I'm glad he seems to be in high spirits.
As I look at him, I notice Prez puff out his chest boldly.
Shion: I may have lost in the first round, but it's my duty as club president to watch over my fellow members!
Masaya: Right.
Shirase: Oh, hey! Nice to see you, Masaya.
Shirase-san pokes his head out from behind Prez's shoulder.
Masaya: Huh? You two are together?
I know Prez mentioned frequenting his store, but I'm surprised they're actually hanging out.
Shion: Of course we are. It's only natural.
Shirase: We're two kindred spirits that have been eternally linked by our love for muscles!
Masaya: Gross.
Shirase: Actually, I'm the one who wanted to talk to him.
Masaya: About?
Shirase-san brings his lips to my ears. Guess this must be a secret.
Shirase: This stays between us, but they're planning a Super Fly here next year.
Masaya: Super Fly? You mean that long distance race?
Shirase: Yep.
It's a sport that's popular on the west coast of America and the Philippines.
Contestants have to keep flying for 100 miles, or 160 kilometers if you're into the metric system.
Shirase: No one plays that sport in Japan, but...
Shion: According to Shirase-san, they're planning a race that'll consist of one lap around Kyushu. And he's asking me to participate.
Masaya: I'd say that's right up your alley.
Long-distance races have no real need for short, agile movements. All that matters is the ability to maintain your form over a long period of time.
His Grav Shoes are honestly a little freaky, so the way I see it, he'll do way better in a Super Fly than a normal Skywalker.
I mean, he's literally the only person I can think of who has Balmungs with a heavy Speeder tuning.
Masaya: But with a race that long, the question becomes whether or not his stamina will last.
Brawny people like him tend to build up lactic acid fast, which leads to fatigue.
It'd be like making a sprinter run a marathon.
Shirase: Well, he'll have to cut the muscle stuff and do more cardio...
Shion: Honestly, I don't mind giving that race a shot, but I have to say...
Masaya: What?
Shion: ......
Prez looks up at the blue sky with squinted eyes.
Shion: I have no regrets about yesterday's match.
Masaya: Makes sense.
Regret doesn't suit Prez.
Shion: However, I do have regrets.
Masaya: Say what?
Shion: Don't misunderstand. I don't have regrets, but I do have regrets.
Masaya: Uhhh...
Shion: I don't regret how my match turned out, but... I have plenty of regrets when it comes to FC.
Prez grins as he says that.
Shion: That wasn't FC.
Shirase: Yeah. It was more like a contest of endurance. Or a clash of wills, even.
Masaya: True.
He probably could've won that match if he just played things differently.
Shion: And that's why...
Masaya: Yeah.
Shion: My time playing FC for our school is over, but I still don't want to stop. I'll participate in Super Fly, but I refuse to cut my muscle training.
Masaya: I'm sorry. If only I had done a better job as your second...
Shion: Don't apologize. It's my fault. I wasn't really playing to win. But you know, I feel like I'm finally ready to do that now.
He flashes me a slightly dejected smile as she says that.
Shion: I know this may be coming a little late, but I want to take FC seriously now. Thanks for helping me get there, Hinata.
Masaya: I'm happy to hear that. I think I still share some of the blame, since I failed to coach you properly, but I really appreciate what you just said.
Shirase: Hahahaha! Wow, sure is nice to be young. Watching you guys is making me feel 20 again!
Shion: I'll be cheering for everyone from here. Head on over if you need anything.
Masaya: You're not gonna join us?
Shion: Nah, I don't wanna be a buzzkill. They'd just try to console me since I lost my match, you know?
Masaya: Well, if you're sure...
He's trying to be considerate here, so I shouldn't fight him.
Masaya: Okay, I'll see you later.
Shion: Good luck, Hinata.
Masaya: Thanks.
I walk away after saying that.
The second round has officially begun.
It's finally time for Misaki to face Shindou-san... Honestly, I think this is the most important match our club will have all tournament.
I really want her to hold her own, but she'll need a good strategy to do that.
Masaya: In his match yesterday, Shindou-san completely overpowered a Fighter in a dogfight even though he's an All-Rounder.
Misaki: His opponent was a Fighter, but he ignored the buoys and played with him like a bird in a cage. Guy didn't even manage to make it past the second line.
It ended in a 11:0 victory for Shindou-san.
There was a clear difference in skill level for sure, but that's still a ridiculous gap.
Misaki: I <i>hated</i> watching that.
Masaya: Yeah, it seemed pretty brutal... Haaah... And after watching that match...
Misaki: Quit getting all depressed! I swear, you better cook up something special.
Masaya: I'll try. Man, it seems like his dogfighting's improved a ton since the training camp.
Misaki: Yeeep. Back then, he only ever got the upper hand with speed. I was <i>way</i> better than him in a straight dogfight.
Unfortunately, it seems like he's just as good as her now.
Only way I can see Misaki beating him is if we come up with a plan he's never even imagined.
Masaya: I'm guessing you can't just play as a Speeder to surprise him, right?
Misaki: Hard pass.
Masaya: ...Then we'll have to bet on the one thing you're good at. Dogfights.
Misaki: It all comes back to that, huh?
Masaya: Yeah. Seems like that's all you can do to win any match.
She's a pure Fighter, so we've got no other choice.
Masaya: Honestly, I bet Shindou-san wants to face you in a dogfight.
Yesterday's match was probably his way of challenging Misaki.
Misaki: That's pretty bold. Shindou-san may look like a wuss, but he's got some guts.
Masaya: Of course. All the best players do.
Otherwise, none of them would have made it through the harsh practice it takes to get good.
Misaki: I don't really like going up against ultra-serious people.
She doesn't like opponents that aren't scary or ones that are overly serious? What's left, then?
I swear, this girl's real hard to please.
Masaya: Who cares. Only thing you can do at this point is go out there and win.
Misaki: Sure, Coach. Y'know, I <i>really</i> wanna get back at him for the training camp. Got any bright ideas?
Masaya: ...I noticed that his Aileron Roll is a huge weakness.
Misaki: Oh?
It's a maneuver where you dodge an opponent that's coming in from the side by spinning sideways.
Masaya: He was backed into a corner at one point yesterday and used that to dodge, but...
Misaki: But?
Masaya: It was slow. His opponent couldn't deal with it, but I know you're more than fast enough. If you can get him in the same position, you can use that chance to score tons of points.
Misaki: Hm...
Masaya: What? Something wrong?
Misaki: I mean, you're basically telling me to put Shindou-san on the back foot.
Masaya: You don't have to outdo him or anything. Just keep engaging him in a dogfight and you'll eventually get a chance to counter-attack.
Players tend to be vulnerable right after launching an attack.
The reason is simple. You have to lower your guard to actually focus on offense.
If there's a massive difference in skill, then that chance is worthless, but that's not the case here.
And because of that, there's no way Shindou-san can keep on attacking forever. Especially not when he has limited stamina and has to be ready to defend at a moment's notice.
Even if he does start to overwhelm Misaki, all she has to do is wait for an opening to strike.
Masaya: If Shindou-san tries an Aileron Roll, go all in.
Misaki: Um... So basically, I go for his back and touch him while he's doing an Aileron Roll, yeah?
Masaya: The Aileron Roll is a move where you spin around the body's central axis, so it'll be hard to slow him down even if you touch him, but...
Misaki: But he'll be in a different flight mode that I can abuse... That's what you mean, right?
Masaya: Bingo. If you time it right, you can trap him in an Aileron Roll, which'll give you the chance to keep scoring.
Misaki: ...It's not gonna go that easy, is it?
Masaya: Probably not. Still, I think that's the only shot you've got at winning this match.
Misaki: Haaah...
Misaki sighs in exasperation.
Misaki: So I start by getting into a dogfight, even if that means letting him score some points, yeah?
Masaya: Exactly. You're only good at scoring in dogfights, so this plan suits you best.
Misaki: Aight, let's do this... Yeah, I can do this!
Masaya: That's the spirit. Listen, don't ever lose focus.
Misaki can be pretty absentminded at times. No, wait, maybe it's more accurate to say she's quick to give up.
Misaki: I know. Oh, it's time to start. Well, here goes nothing! Ready furr liftoff!
Masaya: You have a real shot at winning this if you concentrate.
Misaki: You serious?
Masaya: Well, kinda.
Misaki: Only kinda?
Misaki shoots me a cute smile as she says that.
Misaki: Thanks. I'll do my best.
Shindou: Good day to you, Tobisawa-san.
Misaki: 'Sup. Y'know, you should <i>really</i> take it easy on me!
Shindou: Hahaha. Sorry, but I can't. This is the last time I'll get to participate in this tournament, so I need to leave everything on the field. Otherwise, I'll just regret it.
Misaki: Come at me, then. I'm gonna bring my A game. Let's have a fun dogfight.
Shindou: If that's how the match goes, sure.
Referee: Stop your idle chatter. I'm about to start the match, alright?
Misaki: Fiiine!
Shindou: Time to get started.
Misaki: Ready and waiting.
Referee: Ready, set...
I hear the sound of the whistle after a short pause.
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san flies right toward second with the help of a Low Yo-Yo. Misaki, on the other hand, jumps to the second line immediately.
Masaya: Remain calm and stop Shindou-san.
Misaki: I know.
Shindou-san touches second to score the first point, then speeds up as he rushes down the line toward Misaki.
Shindou: ......
Misaki: Huh?!
Suddenly, Misaki jerks upward.
Misaki: Huh? Ah... What the hell?!
And Shindou-san uses that chance to pass below her at terrifying speeds.
Huh?!
Misaki: Huh?
Why'd she just let that happen?
Masaya: What the hell are you doing?! That was your chance to stop him!
Misaki's a Fighter, so there's no way she's fast enough to chase him now.
Masaya: You would've stopped him if you didn't move!
Misaki jumps to the third line as she starts talking to me.
Misaki: He got me good. I fell for his feint.
Masaya: A feint?
Misaki: Yeah. He jerked his shoulders up, which made me think he'd do a sudden climb. I tried to move up to stop him, but he used that to pass below me.
How?
That's impossible. He didn't slow down at all when he supposedly used that feint.
Masaya: Don't let him fool you again.
Misaki: Duh!
Shindou-san touches third right as Misaki positions herself on the third line.
The score is now 0:2.
Shindou: ......
Misaki: No way you're passing me this time...
Shindou: ......
Misaki: Huh? Wh-What the?! Where? How?! Huh? Huuuuuuh?!
Shindou-san throws in a slightly curved, horizontal zigzag while maintaining his speed, then uses a few easy-to-read feints that consist of him twisting his head in the opposite direction of his motion. And after that, he begins his final motion... a sharp, downward dive.
Shindou: ......
Misaki: Huh? Huuuuuuh?
Having fallen for all his feints, Misaki has completely lost her balance and Shindou-san effortlessly passes her about four meters to her side.
Misaki's too slow to catch him now, which means the score's effectively already 0:3.
Misaki: What? What? What?
Why is this happening?
Why is she falling for such simple feints?
...Oh!
Damn it! This is all my fault! How did I not notice that his entire last match was a feint?!
Masaya: Misaki! Shindou-san's not gonna go for a dogfight!
Misaki: Wh-What do you mean?!
Masaya: He's pulling out all the stops here! The dogfight in his last match was a trap he set for us!
Misaki: Huh?! He thought that far ahead?
Masaya: He sure did. And you're falling for his simple feints 'cause you're expecting him to go for a dogfight.
Misaki: Y-You might be right...
We kept assuming he was positioning himself to gain an advantage in a dogfight, but those were all just feints.
Damn it!
If only I figured that out right away.
His speed didn't drop because he was only shifting his shoulders slightly.
Misaki's a player who can quickly react to her opponent's actions, which is why she's really good at dogfights. She's a master of reading a person and acting accordingly.
However, Shindou-san is using that against her. He's abusing her excellent reaction times by shifting around slightly and making her overreact.
Misaki: What should I do?
Masaya: Stay calm. You've still got time until he reaches the fourth line. Take a few deep breaths.
Misaki: Okay. Hoooh... Haaah... Hoooh... Haaah...
Masaya: Ignore all his feints. Don't react to them.
Misaki: Easier said than done!
Masaya: Shindou-san hasn't been doing anything special. He's just advancing forward as fast as he can, and I bet that won't change.
It worked twice already, so why give up now? No one in their right mind would give up on a successful strategy this soon.
And Shindou-san is <i>definitely</i> a logical thinker.
Wait!
I'm a total moron!
I knew all along that Shindou-san was someone ruled by logical thought, so why didn't I notice?
There's no way an All-Rounder would take on a Fighter of Misaki's caliber in a dogfight!
Masaya: From now on, think of him as a Speeder. He may be fast, but Prez is even faster. Just don't bite on his feints and you'll stop him in his tracks.
Misaki: Got it.
Shindou-san touches fourth while Misaki's on her way to the fourth line.
0:3. Great.
Shindou: ......
Misaki: Wait, ah! How?!
She ends up falling for his feints yet again. Guess the confusion from Shindou-san breaking past her twice is still affecting her.
Well, that's hardly a surprise, since Misaki lacks mental fortitude.
Misaki: Wha?! N-No, I can still make it!
She somehow manages to straighten her posture and extend her hand toward Shindou-san.
Ugh, so close!
She almost touched his toes there, which is something at least...
Misaki: Kgh!
Masaya: Don't go after him, Misaki! You can't catch up! Hurry up and jump to the first line.
Misaki: Ugh... Fiiine!
Misaki jumps to the first line as Shindou-san touches first.
...And that makes it 0:4.
I didn't think this would be so one-sided. What a rough start.
Misaki: What now? Come on! How do I fix this? My body keeps reacting to his feints!
Masaya: ...Okay, I'm pretty sure this is against the rules, but close your eyes once you're in position on the first line.
Misaki: You want me to go in blind?!
Masaya: You're reacting 'cause you see him twitch, right? Then all you have to do is not look and move <i>exactly</i> as I tell you. Don't open your eyes until I say so.
Misaki: ...Alright. Don't mess this up, you hear? I'm counting on you.
Shindou-san propels himself along the first line right as Misaki takes up her position on it.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: Just trust me.
Misaki: I already do.
I fix my eyes on Shindou-san.
Masaya: ......
Shindou: Huh...?
Shindou-san has noticed that Misaki isn't reacting to his feints.
Now!
Masaya: Open your eyes and fly toward your nine at full speed!
Misaki: Roger!
Misaki pounds into Shindou-san from below right as he transitions from a climb to a descent during his zigzag.
Misaki: Eat this!
Shindou: Kgh!
Misaki's hand touches Shindou-san's chest, which results in him being repelled upward.
Masaya: Nice job, Misaki!
She managed to make him go flying off in the opposite direction. Must've cut his speed a great deal.
Plus, Misaki's recovery speed is faster because she's a Fighter!
Misaki: And now...!
A Fighter's spirit tends to crumble when they can't touch their opponent, but that also means actually touching them lights a fire under them.
The idea that you can turn the tide and take control of a match is rather encouraging.
Misaki: Ah...!
Shindou: Uh!
Misaki touches Shindou-san's chest again right as he begins to regain his balance. And by doing that, she pushes him upward and slows him further.
Masaya: Misaki, this is your chance! Pass him and go for his back!
Misaki: Gotcha!
Misaki uses the fast initial speed of a Fighter to twist her body like a snake and slip behind Shindou-san.
Misaki: Got you!
Shindou: Kgh!
She successfully touches Shindou-san's back despite his attempt to evade.
And as a result, he's repelled back toward the last buoy he touched.
That's 1:4.
Masaya: Nice! Take this chance and keep scoring!
Grav Shoes are an "anti-gravity" device, but that doesn't mean you're completely free from the influence of gravity. It still pulls on you, but shoes provide an opposing force to mostly counteract it.
That's why you gain more speed when you're going down than when you're going up.
And right now, Misaki is directly above Shindou-san!
She can reach him in an instant.
Misaki: Shindou-san! Let's have a dogfight like in our training match!
Shindou: I'd prefer to avoid that.
Shindou-san levels out with his back to the water's surface, then spreads his arms and legs out to balance himself.
That <i>is</i> a way to regain balance, but it also kills your speed.
Masaya: Shindou-san wants to do a reversal!
Misaki: No worries. I'll stay above him and block his path.
A reversal is a maneuver where you slip right by an opponent that's coming in from above to steal the upper position.
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san's neck and shoulders shift to the right from Misaki's perspective, which makes it apparent that he wants to pass by that side of her.
Misaki: Not on my watch!
Misaki tilts her body to the right to get in his way, but...
Crap!
Next thing I know, Shindou-san does a contortion roll, moving both his legs to her right side in the process.
Shindou: How do you like this?!
Shindou-san's face, which was just on Misaki's right, suddenly moves to her left. And then, he uses his legs as an anchor to straighten his body once more.
Misaki: Where'd he go?!
Misaki had been approaching him at high speeds, so it must have looked like he suddenly disappeared.
Shindou: Didn't you request a dogfight?
Shindou-san slips past Misaki's left side right away, looms above her, and...
Misaki: Huh?!
He touches Misaki's back.
That brings the score to 1:5.
Damn it! Misaki's lack of self-control is killing her...
An opponent who's attempting a reversal can't move very fast, so she should've approached him slowly. If she did, she wouldn't have fallen for his feint just now.
But because she didn't think before she acted...
Okay, I need to relax. No point crying over spilled milk.
Masaya: We've wanted a dogfight all along, so this works just fine! Shindou-san is off balance right now. Go get him!
He touched Misaki's back while he was doing the reversal, which threw him away from her.
And as a Fighter, Misaki's recovery time is a lot quicker.
Misaki: My turn!
Misaki charges toward Shindou-san as he floats above her.
Nice!
She's coming in from the side as she aims for his back.
This is <i>exactly</i> what we wanted!
Masaya: Go! Misaki! Now's your chance!
Misaki: I know!
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san tries to escape using an Aileron Roll. And having anticipated that, Misaki reacts accordingly.
We can do this! We've got him on the ropes!
We can beat Shindou-san!
Misaki: You're too slow!
Wait, what?
There's something off about Shindou-san's movements.
Feels almost like he's letting Misaki...
Shit!
Masaya: No! Don't touch him!
Misaki: Huh?!
I didn't catch on fast enough.
That's 2:5.
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san completely ignores Misaki and uses the repellent force from her touch to enter a perfect flight form.
Misaki: Oh!
That's right. She pushed him right toward the next buoy. He used her to get a speed boost.
And since Misaki's been thrown in the opposite direction, she has no chance of catching up.
Masaya: Dammit!
I'm such an idiot!
I suppress the urge to toss my headset.
How'd I make such a rookie mistake?!
Shindou-san even told us he didn't want a dogfight, but I still let him trick me.
The thought that he was trying to use her never even crossed my mind.
Masaya: Misaki... Jump to the second line now. Don't lose focus. It's not over until it's over.
Misaki: ...I know.
She sounds dead inside.
In the end, Shindou-san scores two additional points through buoy touches and the match ends with a score of 2:7.
I thought she'd be depressed about her loss, but oddly enough, she looks happy.
Masaya: Did you go and thank Shindou-san and Satouin-san for the match?
Misaki: Yep. Told them I learned a lot, too.
Masaya: Wait, what? How?
Didn't expect to hear her say that.
A light smile forms on Misaki's face as she begins to speak.
Misaki: I mean, I know he stomped me, but it wasn't really as bad as it looked.
Masaya: Uh, how, exactly?
Misaki: Thing is, he got four free points early 'cause I assumed he was going for a dogfight. If it wasn't for that, it would've been a lot closer.
Masaya: True.
Misaki: Plus, the whole reason I screwed up my offensive during his reversal and Aileron Roll was 'cause I got too flustered. And that basically just comes down to my lack of experience, yeah?
Masaya: Right, those mistakes could've been avoided. I'm also partially to blame, too.
Misaki: ...Shindou-san's one of the best players in our country, right?
Masaya: Yeah, he is. Why?
Misaki: Well, I was just thinking I could probably reach that level with enough practice.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Why do you look so surprised?!
Masaya: You do realize that means taking practice a lot more seriously, right?
Misaki turns to look right at me with a dead serious expression on her face.
Misaki: I know. But that's how I feel like right now. Got a problem with that?
She smiles bashfully after saying that.
A little while after my talk with Misaki...
Another Kunahama player brings up something even more surprising.
Asuka: I-I-I-I can't believe it!
Asuka bobs her head up and down, looking beyond excited.
Asuka: I didn't expect to make it past the second round!
That's right.
Asuka actually managed to win her match.
She got pretty lucky with her match-ups, but it takes more than that to win two in a row.
Asuka's a total beginner who lost all her practice matches with our other club members, so this is a pleasant surprise.
Masaya: This isn't unusual. Happens a lot when players start competing for the first time.
Asuka: ...What, you mean it's something like beginner's luck?
Masaya: No. I'm talking about people improving during matches.
Asuka: Huh? I-I've gotten better?
Masaya: You have.
In the end, getting better is all about how much you can learn and master.
Veterans don't have as much left to learn, so they hardly improve through single matches.
Sometimes they even have to sweat blood and tears to learn one new thing.
However, that isn't the case for rookies. Most beginners are rather raw, so they can learn a lot in a short period of time.
Asuka: I can't really tell...
Masaya: Well, I'm sure you'll see during your match with Shindou-san.
I turn to the side and see Shindou-san talking to his second, Satouin-san.
Satouin-san lost to Saki Inui, so her role as second is all she has left for the day.
Seeing that match made me realize I was right about Prez having a shot at the title.
Back when I first met him, Prez had just lost to Satouin-san, but I can tell he's caught up to her by this point.
Man, looking back at his match with Inui <i>really</i> hurts.
I'm sure that match would've turned out differently if Prez was more focused on winning.
Inui, huh? She's pretty interesting...
No, this isn't the time to be thinking about other players.
Masaya: I'm sure you know, since you watched his match against Misaki and all, but Shindou-san is in peak condition.
Asuka: I'm sure he's going to do great! I'm <i>really</i> excited to see him play up-close.
Wow, that's a pretty <i>unique</i> reaction...
Masaya: Anyway, about our strategy...
Asuka: My opponent's Shindou-san, so do I have any choice other than just doing my best?
Masaya: Of course you don't. Still, your best probably isn't good enough.
Asuka: That's a real problem!
He crushed his first round opponent. I'm scared that the same thing might happen to Asuka.
Masaya: That's why we need to put him in a situation where you have the clear advantage.
Asuka: I see! And how do I do that, exactly?
In Misaki's case, we tried to force him into a dogfight, but...
To be honest, Asuka isn't better than Shindou-san in any way.
Only thing I can think of is using her strong intuition.
Sometimes Asuka does stuff that she has no business knowing. However, no one can tell when that's going to happen.
And that means it's not a good idea to base our strategy around it.
Still, that's the only real weapon she has, so it'll have to do.
Masaya: You need to stick close to Shindou-san for as long as possible. Do you understand why?
Asuka: Um... Hm...
Asuka thinks things over for a while, looking visibly confused.
Asuka: Shindou-san's a Speeder leaning All-Rounder, so he'll go for the buoys if I keep my distance... Is that right?
Masaya: Exactly.
No matter how the match plays out, Asuka has to stay right by him if she wants to have a chance to win.
Masaya: But if you stick too close to him right from the start, it'll turn into a speed battle.
Asuka: And then he'd leave me in the dust.
Masaya: Glad you understand. Now, when the match starts, jump to the second line and wait for Shindou-san. Make no mistake though, unlike Misaki, you aren't going to try and stop him.
Asuka: Why not?
Masaya: Because I doubt you can.
Asuka: ...Right. My reflexes aren't as good as Misaki-chan. I can see Shindou-san rushing right past me.
Masaya: And that's exactly why the plan is for you to fly close to Shindou-san for as long as possible. Something might happen if you do.
Asuka: Like?
Masaya: Well, um... You know, something.
Asuka nods a few times before she replies.
Asuka: I see. That sounds amazing!
Masaya: G-Glad you like the strategy...
I'm sure either Shindou-san or Asuka will pull off something that surprises me.
Ideally, we want Shindou-san to fall prey to the pressure and self-destruct, but... it's better not to count on that.
Masaya: After you jump to the second line, get as close to second as you can and circle around above it.
Asuka: Circle at a higher altitude and wait, huh? Is that to help me maintain my speed?
Masaya: Sure is. Shindou-san should fly straight down the line, so make sure to stay slightly ahead of him and off to the side.
Asuka: Why only slightly ahead?
Masaya: Because he's faster than you. Slightly ahead is just right. If you get too far ahead, you'll make it easier for him to shoot past you, and falling too far behind is a death sentence.
Asuka: Okay, slightly ahead is the perfect distance, then. So, what do you want me to do after that?
Masaya: What you can.
Asuka: And that would be?
Masaya: If you see a chance to go for his back, take it. You can also try to block his path or just touch him somewhere.
Asuka: You're telling me to just go all-out, right?!
I give her a confident nod in order to set her mind at ease.
Masaya: We just have to keep Shindou-san from taking control of the tempo. Do what you can to disrupt him.
Asuka: You can count on me!
Masaya: Oh, by the way, if you keep flying next to him until the end of the line, you'll miss the timing to jump to the next one, so make sure to listen carefully for my instructions.
Asuka: I will! I'm in your hands!
The only point of jumping lines is to get ahead of your opponent.
If you fail to do it fast enough, you're just letting your opponent keep the lead and score for free.
Losing two points through regular means is one thing, but I'd like to avoid doing that because of a simple mistake.
Asuka: I get that I'm supposed to wait for him at a higher position, then fly next to him, but what happens if things go wrong? What if it ends up like Mashiro-chan's match with Satouin-san...
Masaya: Are you asking what to do if Shindou-san tries to engage in a dogfight?
Asuka: Yes. Should I play along?
Masaya: Absolutely not. Shindou-san's good enough in dogfights to beat Misaki. You don't stand a chance against him.
Asuka: Th-That's true, but... I doubt I could get away from him either.
Masaya: You'll have to try. Running away is your only option at that point.
Asuka: You want me to run away...
Masaya: Yep. Remember, you're trying to stick close to Shindou-san for as long as possible. Running away fits that objective just fine, so there's no shame in it.
Asuka: Roger!
Masaya: Good... Well, it's about time now. Get going!
Asuka: Okay! I promise to do my best out there, Coach!
Asuka flies off, heading straight toward first.
If Shindou-san gets even a little flustered by Asuka, then one of her flashes of brilliance comes into play...
I quietly exhale to calm my nerves.
Maybe, just maybe...
Something might happen.
I won't go as far as to say she can win.
Masaya: But... maybe I should have told her that?
Those magic words that have the power to make you stronger than any opponent.
I repeat them inside my mind.
Shindou: I'm impressed that you reached this far in your first tournament.
Asuka: I worked really hard. Watch out, I'm going to throw everything I have at you!
Shindou: ...Oh really? Then I guess I'll follow your lead.
Asuka: Great! Thanks!
Madoka: I never expected Asuka to make it to the third round.
Misaki: It's pawsitively shocking. Then again, I knew she had it in her.
Madoka: Really?
Misaki: Yes, really.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai is heading toward first! You can do it, Asuka-senpai!
Misaki: You can do it, Asuka.
Madoka: You can do it...
Mashiro: You could at least try to sound more excited for her...
Madoka: Wow, everyone's all fired up.
Mashiro: I hope she clobbers Shindou-san. Wouldn't it be great if he crashed into the water and got attacked by a fur seal?
Misaki: Why a fur seal?
Mashiro: Well, a shark or an orca would be dangerous, but a seal would be funny.
Misaki: You sure about that? I've heard fur seals can be pretty aggressive.
Mashiro: How about a flying fish, then?
Madoka: Uh, that's a little too far on the opposite end of the spectrum...
Misaki: Hm... How about a salmon?
Mashiro: That's my Misaki-senpai! Flying fish have pretty small mouths, so let's go with a salmon.
Madoka: You know, it's pretty amazing that you can say that with a straight face.
Misaki: Yeah, what'd Shindou-san do to deserve that?
Madoka: Did he touch your butt during the training camp or something?
Mashiro: Of course not! This is <i>obviously</i> about Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: About me?
Mashiro: I'm so mad. How dare he beat you... Shindou-san's a <i>really</i> insensitive person.
Misaki: Wouldn't beating him during his last tournament have been more insensitive, though?
Mashiro: Oh... Does that mean you lost to him to spare his feelings?
Misaki: Huh? Oh, well, maybe, yeah...
Mashiro: Wow, Misaki-senpai! You're <i>so</i> considerate!
Misaki: Well, there'll be nothing to hold me back in the fall tournament, so I'll go out there and win the whole thing!
Mashiro: That's good to hear! I probably can't do much, but I'll do my best to support you.
Misaki: Hahahaha... I'm just kidding. Still, with Shindou-san gone, I'm sure I'll place high.
Mashiro: Oh, that match is starting. Go, Asuka-senpai!
Misaki: Asuka's jumping to the next line like I expected, but...
Madoka: Shindou-san is way faster. I'm surprised, since they're both All-Rounders.
Mashiro: Basically, a perfectly normal start so far.
Misaki: Here's hoping she doesn't lose in a weird way and get all depressed.
Madoka: Asuka-chan is strong, so we don't need to worry about that.
Misaki: Guess you're right.
Mashiro: Go, go! You can do it! We're with you, Asuka-senpai!
Right before Asuka reaches the second line...
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san touches second.
That's 0:1.
Man, Shindou-san's ridiculously fast for an All-Rounder.
If Asuka tried to get any closer to the buoy, he might've stepped on the gas and rushed right past her.
Well, this is where the real match begins.
Asuka: ......
Asuka and I wait for Shindou-san to make a move with bated breath.
Is he gonna go for third or force a dogfight?
Shindou-san glances up at Asuka and...
Shindou: ......
After a second, he rushes straight down the line.
Masaya: Hurry, Asuka!
Asuka: Got it, Coach!
Asuka approaches Shindou-san from diagonally above by using the force of gravity to speed up.
Shindou: ......
Asuka: I'll fly next to you for now!
Shindou: Next to me, huh? I'm not sure what your strategy is, but can you actually keep up?
Asuka: We'll see...
Asuka flies along the same path as him when he continues to speed up. Luckily, she started flying when she was ahead of him, so there's still a gap between them. That means he can't overtake her that easily.
From here on out, we'll have to rely on Asuka's inborn talent.
I can't give her instructions on split-second decisions.
Show us what you've got, Asuka.
Shindou: ......
Huh?
Shindou-san isn't picking up much speed... Or wait, is Asuka just <i>really</i> fast?
Huh?
I've got no idea what he's thinking.
But hey, if they keep flying at this speed, maybe Asuka can touch him.
Right as I think that...
Asuka: Here I go!
Asuka tilts her whole body and rapidly closes in on Shindou-san.
Good choice!
Shindou: ......
Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: Huh?
Shindou-san disappeared?
Asuka should have touched his back, but he's not even in front of her anymore.
How?!
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san is currently flying in an upright position. He's raised his body from the usual forward-leaning flight form, essentially hitting the brakes.
What is he up to?
Sure, he needed to shake Asuka, but slowing down like that put him at a disadvantage...
Is he challenging her to a dogfight? Well, too bad, we're not gonna take the bait!
Masaya: Asuka, go for third!
Asuka: Roger!
Her going for the buoy is technically against the rules, since she hasn't crossed his path or touched him yet, but I bet them flying near each other for so long is enough for the referee to let it slide.
We need to take this chance to throw Shindou-san off his game, even if that means breaking some rules.
Masaya: Huh?
Asuka: Huh?
He stomped the brakes mere moments ago, but somehow he still manages to zoom right up to Asuka.
Shindou: I told you I'd go all out, didn't I?
Shindou-san touches her back as he says that.
Asuka: Huh? What? How? Huh? Whaaat?!
Asuka loses her balance as she plummets diagonally.
That's brought the score to 0:2.
Masaya: No way!
Th-That was...
That was... a Cobra.
You raise your body to an upright position and spread your arms to brake, then reassume your previous form and accelerate hard.
The move is named Cobra because of how similar it looks to a Cobra spreading its hood to intimidate predators.
Hold on!
The Cobra's an advanced move. It's not something you'd expect to see in some amateur inter-school tournament.
Messing up your posture and balance just a tiny bit is enough to result in a stall, which is why only pros use it.
Trying it during a practice match is one thing, but he's actually busting it out here?
Asuka: What's happening, Coach? Where's Shindou-san?
Masaya: Huh? Oh! Shindou-san is...
Where is he? How'd I lose sight of him?! I'm <i>totally</i> failing as a second!
Where is he? Where is he?
Masaya: He's right above you!
Asuka: Above me?
He used the repellent force from touching Asuka to propel himself upward, essentially turning her into a stepping stone.
Shindou: You're a little too slow on the uptake.
Asuka: What the?!
Shindou-san repels Asuka toward the water right as she attempts to turn around. That doesn't score him a point, but...
Water violently splashes in all directions as Asuka's Grav Shoes displace it.
Was that a Suicida?!
A Suicida is a move where you stop your opponent by repelling them directly down into the water. It's a forceful move that's generally employed by Skywalkers who prefer to focus on power over speed.
...I can't believe he managed to combine an incredibly technical move like the Cobra with such a violent one.
I've never even seen pros do that.
Contrary to my expectations, Shindou-san is the one pulling off crazy moves instead of Asuka.
I thought I saw the full extent of his abilities during his match with Misaki, but...
I was wrong. Shindou-san is in an entirely different league.
I glance over to Satouin-san to take in her reaction.
Satouin: ......
She's just quietly looking up at the field. Doesn't seem like she's talking to him at all.
Guess that means she knew he could pull that off.
Could it be that he...
Misaki: He didn't take me seriously?
Misaki: He didn't have to use everything in his arsenal to beat me?
Misaki: He held back when we fought? But then, why is he using all his cards against Asuka...
Mashiro: Huh? Did you say something? It's hard to hear you over all the cheering.
Misaki: Huh? Oh, no, it's nothing. Nothing at all. Y-Yeah, it's nothing.
Mashiro: Huh...? Well, if you say so.
Madoka: Whoa, she's in real trouble! Hang in there, Asuka-chan!
Misaki: A-Asuka! Hang in there! We're with you! Give Shindou-san a run for his money!
Mashiro: Go, go! You can do it! Make Shindou-san salmon fodder!
Masaya: Asuka, calm down and recover your balance.
Asuka: O-Okay!
There's a considerable distance between them now.
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san is looking down on Asuka as she floats near the water's surface.
Suicida is Spanish for suicide. The move was given that name because of the way the player crashes into the water.
Players who use Suicida usually keep charging their opponents to make them crash.
Shindou-san, however, apparently only used it to distance himself from Asuka.
Shindou: I would have gone for a dogfight if you recovered any slower, but I suppose this will have to make do.
He says that, forms a faint smile, and flies off toward third.
Masaya: ......
Since he's on his way toward third while Asuka's near the water, he might even reach fourth before she makes it to the third line.
And that would make it 0:4...
Calm down. Keep it together, Masaya! I can't sound flustered right now.
Masaya: Asuka, take a deep breath.
Asuka: Okay! Hoooh... Haaah...
Masaya: Jump to the fourth line. We'll have to give up on the third one.
Asuka: ...Understood.
That means we're letting him have two points, but it's the best option we have. Trying to chase him right now would just lower our chance of winning to zero.
Asuka looks shocked as she makes her way over to the fourth line.
Asuka: Um, what just happened to me?
Masaya: You were pushed down toward the water.
Asuka: No, before that. It looked like Shindou-san disappeared, but he somehow managed to reach my back.
Masaya: He used a maneuver that's called the Cobra. It's a move where you brake hard for a second to make your opponent pass you, then rapidly accelerate.
Asuka: How do you do that?
Masaya: It's a lot like an Airkick Turn. Main difference is, an Airkick Turn makes you move in the opposite direction, while the Cobra allows you to continue down the same path.
Asuka: An Airkick Turn in the same direction, huh...?
Masaya: Next time he does that, go for an Airkick Turn. That should counter him, since he'll be left behind when he uses the Cobra.
Asuka: Got it!
Asuka hasn't mastered the Airkick Turn yet, but this is our only shot. There's nothing else she can do to get past Shindou-san's Cobra.
Masaya: Nothing else changes, okay? Just try to stick by Shindou-san for as long as possible.
Asuka: Roger!
Asuka ignores the third line entirely and jumps to the fourth.
And while she is circling near the center of the line...
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san touches third, then proceeds straight to fourth and touches it as well.
It's 0:4.
Shindou: ......
He glances at Asuka, then starts to fly straight toward the next buoy. This is just like on the second line...
Asuka comes drops down from above with impeccable timing, then starts flying next to him.
Asuka: I won't let you shake me this time!
Shindou: I'm pretty fast. Think you can keep up?
Asuka: I'll try.
Asuka follows Shindou-san as he begins to speed up.
Shindou: ......
He throws in a short Scissors and also a High Yo-Yo, but neither of those manage to throw her off.
No, wait, is he even trying to lose her? Seems more like he's getting her to focus on flying to me.
I mean, he could've used a bunch of tricky maneuvers if shaking her was his only goal... What is he after?
Masaya: ......
I try to give Asuka some instructions, but stop myself at the last moment. Wouldn't want to ruin her concentration.
Shindou: Hmph...!
Shindou-san disappears from Asuka's view right when it looks like he's about to accelerate.
This is it. This is the moment of truth.
Asuka ends up ahead of Shindou-san, which gives her a chance to pull off our plan.
Masaya: Now!
Asuka: Got it!
Asuka tucks her arms and legs in, curling up her body, then kicks her legs outward, straightening up her whole body with an Airkick Turn.
In an instant, she shoots back toward Shindou-san.
Shindou: ......
Is it just me, or did Shindou-san smile faintly?
There are some players who smile during matches.
It happens because some people's facial muscles loosen when they're in a state of high concentration.
...Wait, he's focusing?
Does that mean he isn't surprised?
He predicted that would happen?
Shindou-san proceeds to curl up his body.
And then, he maintains the posture needed for the Cobra while pulling off another move.
Shindou: Hmph!
Asuka: Huh?
An Airkick Turn? Impossible!
Masaya: No way!
He directly chained a Cobra into an upward Airkick Turn without losing his balance at all! How?!
I'm getting goosebumps here.
This is <i>way</i> harder than combining the Cobra with a Suicida. Chaining two high-speed maneuvers that move you in different directions is just...
There's no doubt in my mind that he's far better than anyone else at this tournament.
Asuka's now in the perfect position for Shindou-san, which means her back's wide open.
Asuka: Here I go!
Masaya: Huh?
Go? Go where?
Before that question escapes my lips...
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka does a second Airkick Turn.
Shindou: Huh?
She uses it to fly straight into Shindou-san, who has been diving down to touch her back.
Asuka: Here I go!
This again? What now?
Asuka uses the repellent force from their clash to perform another Airkick Turn.
Then, she stretches out her hand.
Shindou: Huh?!
I can't believe it... She actually got him!
The score's now 1:4.
Asuka: Here I go!
Asuka uses the recoil again in the exact same way.
Shindou: Kgh!
And she successfully touches Shindou-san's back for a second time.
How is she doing this?!
What's happening here?!
She just scored on Shindou-san twice?! I've never seen anyone chain Airkick Turns like that!
Oh, seems like she's going for another one.
Asuka: ......
Unfortunately, her hand doesn't even reach Shindou-san this time.
An Airkick Turn allows you to perform a high-speed quick-turn because of the instantaneous membrane shift that's brought about by curling your body.
In other words, it's based on changing the direction of an initial force.
So, just like how a pendulum eventually comes to a stop due to friction and air resistance, some force is lost with each directional change, which lowers the speed.
And unfortunately, that third Airkick Turn slowed her down too much.
Still, she <i>did</i> manage to score two points on Shindou-san.
What now?
Should we take advantage of his confusion and engage in a dogfight? Or wait, would it be better for her to go for the next buoy instead?
What's the correct decision here?
Both options feel right <i>and</i> wrong, which makes it hard to decide.
Asuka: Coach!
Masaya: Oh, uh...! Asuka! Go at him! Doesn't matter where, just touch him.
Asuka: Got it!
We won't get another chance like this. Shindou-san's probably startled by this turn of events.
In situations like this, people tend to go on the defense.
A perfect example is how people react when a boulder comes rolling down toward them.
Running or jumping out of the way seems like the logical choice, but some people stand their ground.
Why is that?
Are they too scared to move? That's a possible explanation, but not the most common one.
The truth is a lot stranger than you'd expect.
When faced with a choice between evading or blocking an incoming object, your instincts will tell you to raise your guard.
And with that in mind, Shindou-san should be focusing more on defense right now.
Asuka: Got you!
Shindou: Ah...!
Asuka manages to touch Shindou-san's leg.
Shindou: Kgh?!
Shindou-san braced himself for her attack in a weird way, so he's left spinning away with his waist as his axis.
Nice! It should take him a while to recover from that.
Masaya: Now's your chance!
Asuka: Okay!
Asuka moves behind Shindou-san, who has now stopped spinning, and scores another point!
That's 3:4.
Mashiro: Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! Asuka-senpai is <i>really</i> amazing!
Madoka: Wow! Oh my God! I don't even know what to say! I never thought she'd do so well!
Misaki: ...I-Is she <i>actually</i> gonna win? Asuka's gonna defeat Shindou-san?
Mashiro: She will if this keeps up!
Misaki: Asuka's gonna beat Shindou-san...? That's just... No, that's impossible!
Mashiro: Oh, it's possible, alright! She's really doing it! I'm sure she'll win at this point!
Misaki: N-No way... Asuka can't possibly...
Shindou: ......
Satouin: What do you think you're doing, President? You need to take control of this match before it's too late!
Shindou: I know that.
Satouin: If you do, then act accordingly.
Satouin: ...You would effectively betray everyone at Takafuji if you lose here.
Shindou: You sure are strict, Satou-kun.
Satouin: I cannot stand it when strong Skywalkers like you fight with such a laid-back attitude. Fight like you mean it. Grasp victory by unleashing your true strength!
Satouin: The president I know would do everything in his power to win.
Shindou: You may have a point.
Satouin: ...Also, it's Satouin.
Shindou: Okay, Satouin-kun... You definitely have a point.
Shindou: Aaaahhh!
Shindou-san, who has almost hit the water in an attempt to evade Asuka's attacks, suddenly roars.
Asuka: Huh?!
His loud voice makes Asuka flinch.
Shindou: Aaaaaaahhhhhh!
His second roar makes Asuka freeze up for a moment.
Asuka: ......
People tend to get intimidated when they hear loud yelling.
Masaya: Don't stop now, Asuka!
Asuka: ...Huh?
Masaya: Keep moving!
I never imagined Shindou-san was the type to roar loudly and openly display his passion and desire to win.
I just assumed he was far more quiet and meek.
Asuka: Oh no!
Shindou: Kgh...!
Shindou-san touches Asuka's shoulder as she's rooted in place, sending her flying off into the distance.
She's currently spinning sideways due to his attack.
Shindou: Ooohhh!
Asuka: Nooo!
He recovers quicker than Asuka, then touches her back.
Crap! This is bad!
Asuka's never fought in a match that's anything like this. Makes sense, since no one's ever this intense in a practice match.
Well, Prez always is, but that comes off as more of a joke than anything.
Anyway, other than that, her only matches were in the first two rounds where she faced some below average opponents.
Asuka: Huh...?
I bet this is the first time she's seen anything like this. His raw anger, passion, and desire to win are hard to bear.
Asuka: Huh? What? Huh?
She's overwhelmed by this technique that wasn't even specifically designed for FC.
Though, that's not to say it came from any other sport. You see, it's something far more primal that humans have used since the stone age.
Shindou: Aaaaaahhhhhh!
Shindou-san's intense emotions lock both of them into their roles.
Namely, the hunter and the hunted. Shindou-san and Asuka.
Masaya: Calm down! You're still fighting the same person! Nothing's changed!
Asuka: O-Okay!
Asuka's voice is quivering a little as she replies.
Shindou: And one more!
Asuka: Ah... Huh?! What?!
He makes up for the three points Asuka scored in next to no time.
The score is now 3:6.
Kgh... I knew it. The gap between them is too wide.
If only Asuka had more experience...
No, I can't place the blame on her.
This is my fault. I'm the one who sent her out there without preparing her for this scenario.
I could have made her practice for this!
Masaya: ......
It's not too late. I still have a chance to fix this...
There must be some advice I can give her...
Masaya: Asuka! Remember what you did when we practiced in the gym on that rainy day!
Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: Flip back and get behind him!
Asuka: But I...
Masaya: You can do it! Shindou-san's just mindlessly rushing at you, so now's your chance!
Constantly roaring does tend to intimidate your opponent.
However, it also makes you start seeing red.
In other words, his strategy has turned him into a frenzied berserker.
And that's why Asuka still has a chance!
Masaya: You need to keep a cool head and outthink him. He's just acting on instinct now, so I'm sure you can do it!
Asuka: Got it, Coach!
Shindou-san is charging straight toward Asuka's back once more.
Shindou: Oooooooooh!
Masaya: Go, Asuka!
Asuka: Okay!
Unfortunately, things don't go according to plan.
Shindou: ......
When Asuka tries to spin backward and perform something akin to a backflip, Shindou-san brakes like when he was using the Cobra and raises his right hand.
Asuka: Oh no!
Asuka: What the?!
Then, he spikes Asuka like a volleyball.
Shindou: I didn't expect that, but honestly, it takes you too long to pull it off, which makes it predictable.
It can't be...
He was actually thinking straight despite all the roaring... Incredible.
Is he some kind of kendo or judo athlete as well?
Asuka: Noooooo!
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san keeps scoring point after point.
Kgh!
Time keeps flowing as I find myself unable to provide any advice.
What can we do? What can we do?
That question keeps endlessly repeating inside my head, leaving me at a loss for words.
All I really can do right now is gaze up at the field with clenched fists.
Even though I hate this situation, I'm forced to accept defeat as I watch Asuka get destroyed by Shindou-san.
Eventually, the whistle blows.
--3:10.
That's the final score.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
I can hear Asuka panting heavily through the headset.
Shindou-san... No, the strongest Skywalker of our generation, Kazunari Shindou, is looking down on us with a sneer on his face, seemingly mocking the exhausted Asuka.
"Is that all you can do?"
...That's what he seems to be saying.
Masaya: Ngh...!
Before I know it, I tense my shoulders to a point where they hurt.
I don't know whether it's because Shindou-san is too tense, or because Asuka's so frightened, but they both leave after a brief exchange of words.
Asuka's form looks real shaky as she flies back to us. She must be pretty tired.
Asuka: ...I didn't do enough out there.
Masaya: That's not true. Listen, I doubt many other players here could've driven Shindou-san into a corner like that.
I swear I'm not just trying to console her.
She <i>really</i> surprised me out there.
I'm amazed that she managed to make Shindou-san fight dirty.
Asuka: I didn't know a match could be that scary...
Masaya: Right.
Asuka: But... it was also <i>really</i> fun!
Wow, that's all she has to say after that loss? Man, this girl's one tough cookie.
I was expecting her to feel kinda depressed.
Masaya: You're strong, Asuka.
Asuka: Not way! I'm a <i>total</i> weakling! I need to get a lot stronger!
Masaya: If you say so... Let me know if you ever need any help!
Asuka: Great! Thank you, Coach!
Asuka: I lost...
Madoka: Asuka-chan!
Madoka rushes over to her as she calls out her name.
Asuka: Huuuh?!
And when she reaches her, starts stroking Asuka's head.
Madoka: You're safe now, I promise. Are you alright? Were you scared?
Asuka: I'm fine. I was pretty scared out there, but I'm way past that already.
Mashiro: How dare Shindou-san do that to an innocent girl! What a scumbag.
Masaya: That just shows how desperate he was to win.
Misaki: I mean, he won by seven points, so he probably didn't need to go that far.
Asuka: You know, I couldn't even tell what he was doing during the second half of our match...
Mashiro: Okay, we'll beat Shindou-san at the fall tournament! That's our club's new goal!
Misaki: You forgetting that he's a senior? This is his last tournament, so we just lost our only chance to crush him.
Mashiro: ...Oh, right.
Masaya: I'm glad both of you got to face him. Made for a valuable experience, right?
Asuka: Yes. I learned a lot while fighting Shindou-san!
Misaki: ......
Misaki turns away with a sour look on her face.
Masaya: ...Something wrong?
Misaki: ...I guess it helped, but it's not like I'm playing FC to get a shot at dethroning him or anything.
Masaya: Well, that may be true, but...
Mashiro: Wait, you're saying your goal's much higher than him, right? Does that mean Shindou-san's just a stepping stone in your eyes?
Misaki: B-Bingo. You're right on the money, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Of course I am. I know you best, Misaki-senpai!
Masaya: ...Riiight.
I'll just let the conversation end on that note, since it seems like Misaki doesn't wanna talk about it.
Masaya: Well, we may be done with the summer tournament now, but you're not allowed to head home. Go watch the remaining matches instead. You can learn a lot from watching other people play.
Mashiro: Got it.
Asuka: I'll keep my eyes peeled!
Masaya: Make sure to think of how you'd react to everything happening in the matches.
Mashiro: You want me to figure out how I'd trick the people up there?
Masaya: Sure, why not. Take my words however you want. Anyway, I'm gonna go report our results to Shirase-san and Ms. Kagami.
Madoka: We'll be here watching, so take as much time as you need.
Irina: ...Oh! Hello. Greetings!
A blonde girl who seems quite familiar trots over to me.
Masaya: Oh, uh..
Irina: Don't forget. I'm Irina.
She thrusts her face up to mine and gives me a wink as she says that.
Masaya: I-I <i>do</i> remember you, I swear! You're Inui's second, Irina-san.
Irina: Correct. I'm Irina-san.
She's the second of the player who knocked Prez out in the first round.
Masaya: Wow, Inui's won all her matches so far.
Irina: Yes. One match, then another, then she be number one.
Inui has a similar playstyle to Prez, so the fact that she's gotten this far is a good sign for him.
Irina: You're, um... person from first match...
Masaya: His name is Aoyagi.
Irina: Oh yes, Aoyagi-san. He very good.
Masaya: Happy to hear that.
Irina: Also, I saw match just now. It very fun. Very exciting. Very interesting, this Kurashina-san.
Masaya: Oh, you're talking how she just fought Shindou-san?
Irina: Yes! It fun to watch. Amusing? Is amusing right word here?
Masaya: Hm... Amusing, huh? Well, it's not really <i>wrong,</i> but I wouldn't exactly call it a good choice of words.
"Amusing" isn't really a word you'd use to praise a match.
Irina: They flying and bouncing around, rushing all over, almost like, um, in a circus... What is Japanese word for circus?
Masaya: Circus is... circus in Japanese as well, I think.
Irina: That match was like circus. Both Skywalkers threw fancy moves left and right, making it fun. Still, it not real FC.
...Huh?
It wasn't FC?
Masaya: ...What do you mean?
Irina: Huh?
She seems surprised by my question.
Masaya: Um, I'm just curious what you mean by it not being real FC.
Nothing seemed too out of the ordinary out there. Well, other than the crazy moves each of them pulled off, anyway.
Irina: Is my Japanese wrong?
Masaya: No, that's not it... I just wanna know why you don't consider Shindou-san and Kurashina's match real FC.
This time, Irina-san flashes a friendly smile.
Irina: If goal is winning, flying around wildly not necessary.
Masaya: Uh, they were moving around like that <i>because</i> they were trying to win...
Irina: Really?
Masaya: Yeah.
Irina: They need Airkick Turns, Cobras, and Suicidas to win? That what you mean?
Masaya: Well, are you trying to say they were pointless?
Irina: Aren't they?
She has a puzzled look on her face as she says that.
Masaya: ...I'm sure they used them because they were necessary.
Both of them pulled out all the stops to win that match, which is rather admirable.
Sure, they may have looked really flashy, but it's not like they were trying to put on a show or anything.
She may not get that, but I know it to be true.
Irina: It's very amusing.
Masaya: ...I see.
Irina: However, it's also very different from FC I know.
Masaya: ...And what's your brand of FC like?
Irina: I'm sure final match will turn out to be Shindou versus Inui. You'll understand when you see.
Masaya: ......
Irina: You'll understand true FC.
Masaya: True FC?
Irina-san gives me a firm nod as I say that.
Irina: Right. True FC.
Masaya: ......
Maybe I'm just being weird, but Irina-san's friendly smile seems <i>really</i> scary right now.
She draws even closer to me and whispers...
Irina: I know everything, Masaya Hinata... I mean your time in junior league.
Masaya: Huh?! How do you know that?!
Irina: I look into all players of Inui's age.
Masaya: But I haven't played FC in years...
Irina: Like I said, I do research.
Masaya: ...Why?
Irina-san doesn't seem the least bit fazed by my question.
Irina: I would love to see someone crush Inui. It can be you or one of the kids you train. Either is fine.
Irina: The girl is a masochist, so I'm sure she'd be overjoyed.
Masaya: What?
She's a masochist? Why does that matter?
Irina: She's eagerly waiting for someone to crush her. Inui is a very serious person, after all.
The corners of her lips curve into a smile as she backs away from me.
Masaya: What exactly do you want?
Irina: ......
Instead of answering, Irina-san directs a slightly awkward bow at me before turning around and walking away.
What is she thinking?
She talked a whole lot, so I'm not even sure where to begin.
Though, the thing that weighs most heavily on my mind is...
Masaya: ...True FC?
Is she saying that outspeeding your opponent is true FC?
That <i>is</i> one way to win, but it's not the only one.
She said I'd understand after watching Inui face Shindou-san.
Well, she better make it to the grand finals now, or they'll both have egg on their face.
Satouin: Good day to you, Masaya Hinata.
Masaya: Oh, Satouin-san. I'm sorry you lost your match.
Inui went 15:0 against her.
It was just like what happened with Prez's match. If a Speeder manages to gain a slight lead, things will snowball so out of control from there that it's almost impossible for their opponent to win.
Satouin: Saki Inui is far better than me. That's all there is to it.
Masaya: I'm on my way to tell our club advisor that all our players have been knocked out. What are you up to?
Satouin: I'm out on a stroll.
Masaya: A stroll? Is now really the time? I mean, you're Shindou-san's second, right?
Satouin: He's a little on edge at the moment, so I decided to give him some space to calm down and clear his mind.
Masaya: I see...
Guess I didn't need to remind her of her job.
Satouin: Was the person you were just talking to Saki Inui's second?
Masaya: Yeah. Don't assume we're close or anything, though. I only know her 'cause our president faced her in the first round.
Satouin: I understand. Saki Inui sure is quite a strange Skywalker.
Masaya: Strange? In what way, exactly?
Satouin: Let me think... She's like steel.
Masaya: Steel?
Satouin: If you bump into her carelessly, she will more than likely simply repel you.
Masaya: Hm, so she's kind of like an intimidating predator that scares you away before you can attack?
Satouin: I suppose that may be true... Although, that wasn't what I meant to point out. I simply meant to say that her style has been honed and perfected.
Masaya: You call <i>that</i> perfected? Seriously?
I mean, yeah, she's <i>really</i> good, but perfect? That's a bit much.
Satouin: I'm not saying that her play is perfect or flawless. Rather, the unique style that she's managed to master is what makes her such a fearsome foe.
Masaya: ...So, like, her strategy as a Speeder and all the fine-tuned, technical aspects to her maneuvers?
Satouin: Hm, that is part of it, yes. Her style itself is comprised of many different aspects, from simple techniques to her overall game plan.
I can tell Satouin-san thinks Inui is something special.
But why?
She mentioned how her supposedly unique style is comprised of a generalized game plan, plus individual techniques... but isn't that every style? How is she any different from the rest of us?
Masaya: What happened during your match that made you think Inui's special?
Satouin: I know this may sound strange, but it seemed like she was steering me.
Masaya: Steering you?
Satouin: Yes. She effortlessly made me play and move as she desired.
Masaya: ......
Satouin: In my mind, I was making the best possible choices, but they never once worked to my advantage... Perhaps I'm wrong and that merely means her second is skilled, but that is not the impression I got.
She was forced to play right into Inui's hands without even knowing it?
Does that mean her style revolves around manipulating her opponent?
Masaya: So, what styles do you think would match up well against her?
Satouin: Well, I believe exceedingly skilled players like our president could outwit her. And also...
Masaya: Yeah?
Satouin-san looks up at the play field.
Satouin: Perfect timing. She might also have trouble dealing with players like the one who's going to participate in the upcoming match.
Masaya: ...Which one of them do you mean?
There's a player from Shitou Suisan and one from Dougaura.
Satouin: The player from Dougaura.
? ? ?: ......
Satouin: Her name is Kasumi Kurobuchi. I suppose your lack of knowledge means you have yet to see her play.
Masaya: I'm pulling double duty as second and coach, so I missed some matches... Wow, she's got really long arms and legs.
Players with a long reach have a clear advantage in most sports.
Sure, sometimes a longer reach can work against you, but nine times out of ten, it'll work in your favor.
For example, in dogfights, you can reach your opponent from further away.
Masaya: Anyway, you trying to say Inui isn't good at dealing with players who have a long reach?
Satouin: No, not that. I'm sure you will understand once the match begins.
I see the referee flying over to Kurobuchi and whispering in her ear.
Referee: ......
Kasumi: ......
I obviously can't tell what they're saying, but both of them seem tense.
Masaya: What's that all about?
Satouin: She constantly commits fouls, so the referee is most likely warning her.
A player who fouls her opponent often?
Masaya: Does she get real rough in matches?
Satouin: I would say so, yes. Something about her playstyle makes you think she's irritated.
Referee: Ready, set...!
The opening whistle resounds.
Kasumi: ......
Kurobuchi tilts forward while spreading her arms out horizontally.
Seems she's trying to use up more space on the line to mess with her opponent. That isn't really against the rules, but...
Problem is, the floats on her flight suit are spread out in ways that block her opponent's path.
The electric sound of repulsion echoes about as the Shitou player is thrown backward.
Referee: Foul! I'm disqualifying Kasumi Kurobuchi!
The audience is going nuts. I can even hear some people laughing.
Though, it's obviously not because they find it funny. In fact, they seem more surprised than anything.
Kasumi: <i>Huh?!</i>
Kasumi Kurobuchi furrows her brow, flies toward the ref, and unleashes a string of insults.
Immediately touching your opponent after the match begins is against the rules, but the usual punishment is to subtract a point.
This is the first time I've seen someone get disqualified for it.
Masaya: Isn't that a bit much?
Satouin-san turns to me with an impish smile on her face as she hears me say that.
Satouin: If it was her first offense, yes.
Masaya: Wait, you mean...
Satouin: She's been doing that since the first round.
Masaya: She's doing it on purpose?
Satouin: That's the only possible explanation. After all, the way her floats moved was extremely unnatural.
Masaya: How's she doing that?
Satouin: I don't know. Still, isn't that something you could practice?
Masaya: ...Why would you ever do that?
Satouin: Either way, I believe Saki Inui would have trouble with a player like her.
Masaya: In other words, she probably can't handle a playstyle that focuses on drawing fouls?
Satouin: Well, I doubt there are many Skywalkers who would be good at dealing with it, but yes.
Masaya: Right. I mean, I doubt anyone practices what to do when they're fouled.
Satouin: That's part of the reason, but my main point is that she would probably have a hard time dealing with unconventional playstyles.
Satouin: After all, how can she steer someone she doesn't understand?
Unconventional playstyles, huh?
Not many of those around.
Satouin: Still, I strongly advise against foul play.
Masaya: Agreed. Focusing on fouls is out of the question.
Satouin: Out of all your club members, I believe Mashiro Arisaka is potentially the strongest against Saki Inui.
Wow, she seems to have a really high opinion of Mashiro.
Satouin: Well then, it is time for me to depart.
Masaya: Oh, sorry for taking up so much of your time.
Satouin: Please, there's no need to apologize. You helped me sort out my thoughts, so now I know what to tell our president.
Masaya: Do your best to support him.
Satouin: That goes without saying. Farewell.
Satouin-san gives me a graceful bow before leaving.
Shion: Oh, Hinata. Our club's done with this tournament, right?
Masaya: Yep. Time to start preparing for the next one.
Shion: I'm glad your eyes are already on the fall tournament, Hinata. I'm a third-year, so I'll have to retire, but I'll never quit FC. Feel free to ask me for anything you need.
Masaya: Thanks. I'll be sure to take you up on that offer.
Shirase: Man, I watched all your matches, and I have to say they were great.
Masaya: Which ones?
Shirase: All of them. Though, if I had to pick one, I'd go with Asuka-chan's match against Shindou.
Shion: Yeah! Watching them was enough to get my blood pumping!
Shirase: She lost control at the end there, but it's safe to say that was the best match of this tournament. Asuka-chan's turned out to be something <i>really</i> special.
Masaya: ...Yeah. And that's why I wanna ask you for a favor.
Shirase: Oh?
Masaya: Well, I'm kinda afraid of saying this... Or, uh, I feel like I'm pretty biased because we're so close...
Shirase: Are you talking about Asuka-chan?
Masaya: Yeah. Is she, um... I mean, I've had this feeling for a while now...
I stop for a moment and simplify my question.
Masaya: Is Asuka a prodigy?
Shirase: Of course she is.
Shirase-san answers my question right away.
Shirase: Isn't it obvious?
I'd never bring this up in Asuka's presence, but...
Masaya: I guess I'm just worried that it might be beginner's luck.
Shirase: Hm...
Masaya: I just can't shake the feeling that she's winning these matches by chance, you know?
Masaya: Asuka's a very inconsistent player. She's got really high highs and really low lows. So honestly, it's hard for me to look at the results of that match and say she actually performed well.
Shirase: ......
Masaya: It's hard to tell how good she really is.
Shirase: You couldn't be more wrong, Masaya.
Masaya: ...What, are you trying to say luck's also a skill?
Shirase: Nope. I want to tell you something a little more concrete.
Masaya: Please do.
Shirase: ...First, you have to buy a souvenir T-shirt.
Masaya: I'll buy one later, so don't just leave me hanging.
Shirase: Hm, I guess that's fine.
Shirase-san turns around to Prez after saying that.
Shirase: Think you can run my stall for a while?
Shion: Gotcha! Make sure to help out Hinata!
Shirase: Can't promise anything, but that's the hope.
After quietly muttering "Now then," to himself, he starts to speak.
Shirase: Let's talk about the highlight of that match. Her consecutive Airkick Turns, I mean. You didn't tell her to do that, right?
Masaya: Right. Asuka figured it out on her own.
Dogfights are pretty dynamic, so it's hard for a second to micromanage their player.
Plus, even if it was possible, too many instructions would just get in the way.
Every split second counts in a close-range air battle, which means Skywalkers can't afford to waste time on interpreting orders.
Shirase: Maybe those consecutive Airkick Turns were just a fluke.
Masaya: ......
Shirase: But then, what about her quick thinking?
Masaya: ...Oh!
Shirase: One little flash of insight is all it takes to turn the tides of an FC match, right? Especially with dogfights. Your physical ability is important, yeah, but what really matters is what you've got up here.
Shirase-san taps his own head as he says that.
Shirase: Understand?
Basically, he's saying Asuka's talent comes from her mental aptitude for FC.
And that <i>does</i> explain why she had such a hard time learning to fly.
She's always understood FC in theory, but she has a hard time getting her body to keep up with her mind.
Masaya: What'd you think of Misaki's matches?
Shirase: ...Don't tell her I said this, but I think Misaki-chan's boring.
Masaya: Boring?
Didn't expect to hear that. Feels like my grasp on reality is slipping away from me.
I was worried that he was gonna trash Asuka, but I never expected him to say anything negative about Misaki.
I mean, sure, Asuka's improved a lot over the course of this tournament, but Misaki's still <i>way</i> better than her.
Masaya: But she's our best player... What do you find boring, exactly?
Shirase: Haven't you noticed? Misaki-chan relies too much on intuition. In fact, she and Asuka-chan are polar opposites.
Oh, I get it.
It's not like Misaki isn't thinking at all. It's just, her reflexes are so good that she can skate by on them.
Masaya: You're saying Misaki should use her head more, yeah?
Shirase: Yeah, but that's easier said than done.
Shirase-san drops his shoulders in an exhausted fashion as he says that.
Shirase: She's not just going to learn to play differently in a matter of days.
Masaya: Well...
Shirase: Listen, that holds true for just about everyone, so Misaki-chan's no exception.
Masaya: ...I get what you're trying to say.
I can win most matches without thinking, so why bother? That's how most people would react.
Sure, that may lead them to a dead end, but then they'd just try to use their body to get out, so nothing would change.
Shirase: Teaching someone to use their head is a tough job, and I bet Misaki-chan won't even be all that cooperative.
...Yeah, she'll <i>definitely</i> try to resist.
Shirase: Okay, so to sum everything up, Asuka-chan has the perfect mind for FC. She knows how to use her head in the heat of the moment to predict what the opponent will do next and plan out her next action. Unfortunately, her body can't quite keep up.
Masaya: Right.
Shirase: On the other hand, Misaki-chan hasn't trained her mind for FC. Everything she does is based on instinct and reflexes. She doesn't try to predict what her opponent will do or read into their actions in the slightest. Basically, she has nothing in the way of strategy.
Shirase: Asuka-chan just needs to develop her physical abilities, while Misaki-chan needs to change the way she thinks.
Shirase-san breathes a light sigh.
Shirase: In conclusion...
Shirase: I'd say it'll be a lot easier to draw out Asuka-chan's latent talent, <i>especially</i> because she's such a hard worker. With enough practice, she could go pro someday.
Masaya: You really believe that?
Shirase: I do. Asuka-chan will <i>definitely</i> surpass Misaki-chan once she gets comfortable in her own skin.
Masaya: You have that little faith in Misaki?
Shirase: I'm sure she'll go far, but there's a limit to how good she can get when she relies only on her body.
Shirase-san shifts around a little as if this talk is making him feel uncomfortable.
Shirase: Getting her to finish in the top four of next year's tournament should be easy.
Masaya: But she won't go any farther?
Shirase: ...Yeah. Look, she has a lot of talent, but she's no prodigy. I wouldn't be surprised if she's already nearing her limit already.
Masaya: Thanks for the honesty. I know that couldn't have been easy. So, what about Mashiro?
Shirase: Hm... She doesn't exactly have a playstyle yet, so it's hard to say. But one thing I noticed is that she seems real clever. It'll be up to you to help develop that, Coach.
Masaya: I'll do what I can.
Shirase: If I was in your shoes, I'd focus on Misaki-chan instead of Asuka-chan.
Masaya: Huh? After everything you just said? Why?
Shirase: Because I prefer eccentric people over normal, straightforward people.
Masaya: Sure, Misaki's a little self-centered, but I wouldn't call her eccentric.
Shirase: Well, if someone like her keeps taking FC seriously and doesn't quit, she will be.
Masaya: ...Man, you're pretty damn harsh.
Shirase: Hey, who knows, that might work out in your favor. Could help her grow.
He says that in a nonchalant manner as he turns away from me.
Aoi: Welcome back, Masaya.
Masaya: Oh, when'd you get here?
Aoi-san is there with everyone else.
Guess I missed her on the way to the management tent.
Aoi: I was just congratulating them for doing so well in their first tournament.
Masaya: And now come the complaints?
Aoi: No, that's your job. Don't go easy on them, you hear?
Masaya: Don't have to tell me twice.
I check the time on my phone.
Masaya: Grand finals should be starting soon.
There's a 30 minute break after the semi-finals.
I think it's mostly there to level the playing field for the player who had the later semi-finals match.
Madoka: Shindou-san versus Inui-san, huh?
It turned out just like Irina-san predicted.
Asuka: Inui-san sure is amazing.
Misaki: How so?
Asuka: Well--
Asuka looks at the copy of the tournament sheet.
Asuka: She won all her matches by a landslide.
Misaki: Who cares. A lotta Speeders do that.
Masaya: That's true, but... isn't that scary? Somehow, no one managed to stop her.
Mashiro: Maybe it was just luck?
Masaya: Maybe once, but there's no way she made it here on luck alone. It must be skill.
Misaki: She may be good, but Shindou-san's <i>way</i> better. I mean, look, it kinda seems like the only tough opponent she had was Satouin-san.
Aoi: That's not true. She also beat a strong player from Suisan.
Misaki: I guess...
Madoka: You know, I'm kind of relieved.
Asuka: Why?
Madoka: Well, if the player Shion lost to got knocked out in the second round, he would've looked weak.
Misaki: Yeah, and as his biggest fangirl, you definitely can't have that!
Madoka: I am <i>not</i> his fangirl!
Masaya: By that logic, Asuka and Misaki lost to Shindou-san, which means all our members... Oh!
Mashiro: ...Don't stop now. Feel free to tell us what you just realized.
Masaya: Oh, it's nothing, really.
Mashiro: It doesn't work because I'm the only one in our club who lost against someone who didn't reach the grand finals!
Asuka: Don't feel bad. I'm sure Satouin-san would've beaten me too.
Misaki: Nah, you're wrong. I bet either of us could've crushed her.
Mashiro: Well, I don't care. I'm going to walk my own path.
Misaki: Huh? Really? Didn't expect to hear you say that.
Mashiro: I want to walk the same path as you, but I can't. You're a lot better than me.
Misaki: Oh, <i>come on,</i> don't be like that, Mashiro.
Masaya: Hey, quit trying to lead her astray!
Masaya: ...Oh, they're on their way to first.
The referee's already there, so it's almost time to begin.
Shindou: ......
Saki: ......
Obviously, we can't listen in on them from here.
Though, even if we could, we'd probably only hear them exchange short greetings.
Madoka: Oh, I'm so excited to see this!
Aoi: All of you should watch closely.
Audience A: Eek!
Asuka: Huh? What was that scream just now?
Masaya: Good question... Doesn't seem like anything strange happened.
Madoka: Maybe a stray dog's biting some people in the audience?
Masaya: Pretty sure they'd be a lot louder in that case.
Audience B: Aaahhh!
Audience C: Oh nooo!
Wh-What the hell? What's going on?
Misaki: Maybe everyone's just hyped about the grand finals?
Madoka: That's not really what it sounds like to me.
Mashiro: They sound startled, don't they?
Aoi: It's probably just some bored students messing around. Ignore them and focus on the match.
Masaya: Right.
Shindou-san looks ready to rumble.
Saki Inui, on the other hand, looks completely out of it. Feels almost like she's surprised to be here.
I know I should be mad that he knocked out two of my players, but at the end of the day, I want Shindou-san to win.
That's the most fitting end to this tournament.
Asuka: Hm, this doesn't seem any different from a regular match.
Misaki: Right? They should've at least busted out the confetti or something.
Masaya: We don't do that in FC.
Mashiro: It wouldn't have killed them to launch some fireworks.
Madoka: Come to think of it, didn't your friend say she'd be the one on the mic during the grand finals?
Mashiro: Oh, she did! We need to listen to the commentary!
Masaya: How do we even do that? I mean, it's not like they can just broadcast it through the whole venue, right?
That would hurt the players.
Mashiro: I think she mentioned something about headsets...
Asuka: I see. Makes sense, since every participant gets a pair.
Misaki: Let's see...
Misaki starts clicking buttons around the small LCD monitor.
Misaki: Frequency? I don't know what any of this stuff is, but I think you can configure and change all of those settings on your device.
Masaya: Okay, I think I found the right buttons... So, what channel are they broadcasting the live commentary on?
Mashiro: I don't know, but you better hurry. The match is going to start any minute now!
Masaya: Don't rush me when you can't even help! Well, guess it's time to channel surf.
Minori: The final match is finally about to begin! In one corner we have Shitou's strongest Skywalker, Kazunari Shindou! And in the other is the mysterious, lightning fast Speeder, Saki Inui!
Everyone: Eek!
Asuka: Eek!
Misaki: Eek!
Mashiro: Eek!
Aoi: What's wrong? You sound just like those screams from earlier.
Masaya: It's <i>really</i> loud.
Aoi-san and Madoka, who don't have a headset, finally understand the situation.
Madoka: Guess we finally know who the culprit is.
Misaki: Lower the volume already! It's hard to get this thing off, so you're my only hope!
Masaya: I'm on it!
Minori: I'm your commentator for this match, Minori Hosaka! I promise to give you well curated commentary with my pretty voice, so just call me Precure Minori for short!
Masaya: ...Is she for real?
Mashiro: ...Precure, really? I bet she doesn't even know what she's saying.
Misaki: I dunno, this ditzy vibe really tugs at my heartstrings.
Asuka: H-Hahaha, I'm just glad she's doing her best...
Minori: The moment we've all been waiting for is finally upon us! It's time to crown a new champion in Shitou! Will it be Shindou or Inui? Tune in to find out!
Everyone in the audience is on edge after hearing that.
Shindou: ......
Saki: ......
Inui's facial expression hasn't changed.
This is weird. She's about to compete in a tough match, so why does she look so bored?
Earlier, I thought her nerves might've been getting to her, but that doesn't seem to be the case.
Saki: ......
It kind of looks like she's getting ready to go for a walk.
That's how little emotion she's expressing.
But why?
I didn't pay attention to her face yesterday when she fought Prez.
Was she like this back then as well?
Was she like this before every single one of her overwhelming victories?
Referee: Ready, set...!
Shindou: ......
Saki: ......
A whistle echoes through the air, signaling the start of the final match of the summer tournament.
Minori: The fastest Skywalker in this tournament, Inui, speeds up with a Low Yo-Yo. On the other hand, Shindou is jumping to the second line. For now, this is looking like a standard Speeder versus All-Rounder match.
Asuka: Do you think he'll manage to stop Inui-san?
Misaki: He <i>definitely</i> will. Maybe she'll slip past him once, but there's no way she can keep it up forever.
Masaya: Agreed.
I mean, if Shindou-san can't stop her, then no one in Shitou can.
Minori: Inui has touched second, securing her first point! Having jumped to the second line, Shindou needs to either create contact with Inui or pass by her.
Shindou-san is waiting for Inui while circling an area that's closer to second than third.
I'm sure she's great at passing opponents.
But like Misaki said, there's no way she'll win when Shindou-san's her opponent.
Asuka: By the way, has Inui-san engaged in a dogfight yet?
Madoka: I don't think she has.
Misaki: She's a Speeder, so dogfights are probably her weakness.
Shindou-san is rocking his body in every direction to prepare himself for any possible route Inui may take.
Saki: ......
It looked like Inui's body stiffened for a moment there.
Saki: ......
However, the next instant, she raises her body and accelerates.
Asuka: S-So fast!
Mashiro: She's still speeding up despite changing her course...
Minori: Inui shoots up to Shindou with superhuman speed! Remember folks, she's won all her matches by leaving her opponents in the dust! Now, how is Shindou going to respond?!
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san throws up both his arms like a volleyball player trying to block a spike, then charges at Inui.
Saki: Ah...!
One of his hands manages to touch her shoulder from below.
And that obviously makes both Inui and Shindou-san lose their balance.
Minori: Amazing! Inui has been stopped in her tracks for the first time all tournament! Is this Shindou's chance to take control of the match? Or will Inui manage to escape his clutches?!
Misaki: Of course he's gonna take over. She made it <i>way</i> too obvious that she wasn't going for a feint.
Masaya: Yeah, she <i>really</i> shouldn't have sped up there. Still, you should know that it's all thanks to Shindou-san's skill. I mean, Inui's breezed through all her matches this far, so there's no other possible explanation.
Misaki: She must've faced a bunch of nonames. Even Asuka and I would've caught her there.
Asuka: I-I'm not so sure about that.
Mashiro: Wow, she didn't even include me...
Misaki: Y-You could <i>totally</i> stop her, Mashiro. I-I'm sure of it.
Mashiro: You could've at least tried not to stutter... Oh, but I can't stay mad at you, Misaki-senpai. I just love you <i>way</i> too much.
Misaki: Purrdon me?
Let's see...
Inui has lost balance and also speed, which means Shindou-san has an advantage right now.
I wonder how this'll turn out...
Satouin-san said that Inui steered her into playing in a way that benefited her.
And Irina-san talked about "true FC" when we last met.
I wonder if those two things are connected? What will Saki Inui show us?
Minori: Shindou recovers faster and touches Inui's back from below! How incredible! That brings the score to 1:1! This is only the second time someone has scored a point on her!
Mashiro: The second time?
Madoka: Mashirocchi! The first time was Shion.
Mashiro: Oh, right.
Madoka: Wow, this is cool. Kind of makes me think Shion's on Shindou-san's level.
Misaki: Forget fangirl. I think you might be a groupie.
Madoka: Hey, cut it out already!
Misaki: See, I was right. Inui-san's nothing special. Shindou-san's just gonna keep scoring point after point on her 'til the time runs out.
Something tells me she couldn't be more wrong.
Asuka: ......
Masaya: Something wrong, Asuka?
Aoi: Did you notice something?
Asuka: Huh? Oh, yes. I-It's not really worth mentioning, but...
Masaya: But?
Aoi: Go on.
Asuka: Maybe I've got the wrong idea here, but, um... Masaya-san told us to put ourselves in the players' shoes while we watch.
Misaki: What, you figured out her strategy?
Asuka: No, that's not really it... I just thought I would do the exact same thing as Shindou-san.
Misaki: Uh, same. Why does that matter?
Asuka: Well, um, I'm probably reading too much into this, but...
Masaya: ...Inui is steering Shindou-san. Is that what you're trying to say?
Asuka: E-Exactly!
Aoi: ......
Asuka: Did you get the same feeling?
Masaya: Kinda.
I probably wouldn't have noticed if Satouin-san hadn't already told me, though.
Just goes to show that Asuka really does have the perfect mind for FC... I think. I mean, that must be what she's doing, right?
Misaki: You guys are giving her <i>way</i> too much credit. I mean, he just chose the best option.
Asuka: ...Is that so?
Misaki: Huh? Hm... W-Well, you're making it a little hard for me to answer here... All I can say is, I would've done the exact same thing! Ah!
There's been a new development in the match.
Minori: After launching her upward, Shindou successfully touches Inui's back! That's 2:1! Is Shindou going to keep scoring like this?! Poor Inui!
Saki: ......
Inui winds herself like a dolphin as she flees upward.
Shindou: Ngh...!
And in response, Shindou-san rushes after her from below.
Misaki: See? Even an idiot could tell he's got this on lock. He's gonna crush her.
Masaya: Maybe, but look how high Inui got. She's <i>definitely</i> gonna try to turn this around.
Misaki: Think she's planning to gain speed with a long Low Yo-Yo and shake him off?
Masaya: That's the only reason for her to fly that high. If this works, she'll win through buoy touches in no time...
Something about this doesn't feel right...
Is this "true FC"?
Definitely not.
It's just one specific playstyle.
Asuka: ......
Asuka is gazing up at the sky with bated breath.
Has she figured out something we haven't?
Shindou: ......
Saki: ......
Inui throws in horizontal and diagonal Scissors as she tries to shake Shindou-san.
However, Shindou-san prevents her from getting away every single time.
He isn't reacting to her feints at all, which means he's playing perfect.
Minori: Both Skywalkers are trying to outdo each other. It seems like a stalemate, but Shindou has a slight lead already, so is this the end?!
Misaki: Isn't this kinda like my match with Ichinose-chan? Whoever makes a big move first would end up putting themself at a disadvantage, resulting in a stalemate.
Masaya: Maybe, but--
Asuka: I think it's different.
Mashiro: How?
Asuka: Um... It's hard to put into words... I got it!
Madoka: What did you get?
Asuka: I think Shindou-san's the one who's being cornered.
Mashiro: Wait, what? But it looks like he's the one who's keeping her in check.
Asuka: He is, but... Inui-san is descending little by little, so if Shindou-san keeps following her...
Masaya/Aoi: Ah...!
Masaya: Ah...!
Aoi: Ah...!
Mashiro: He'll reach the water?
Misaki: Who cares. I'm sure Shindou-san's noticed already.
Masaya: But does knowing actually change anything?
Misaki: What do you mean?
Masaya: He has no choice but to try and stop her in this situation, right?
Misaki: W-Well, yeah...
Mashiro: What'll happen if this keeps up?
Masaya: At this rate, assuming neither Shindou-san nor Satouin-san have caught on...
Masaya: He's gonna start thinking it's hard to fly in such a tight space...
Misaki: There's no way they haven't noticed.
Masaya: Yeah, I'm sure they have, but... Huh?
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san gives up on stopping Inui and turns.
Minori: I'm not sure why, but Shindou is now jumping to the third line. Inui seemed to be on the back foot, but now she soars down the line and touches the next buoy!
Saki: ......
Minori: It looked like he was successfully holding her on the second line, but maybe he figured there was no way out of the stalemate, and that's why he's trying something else? Unfortunately, that decision has cost him a point, and now they're dead even at 2:2.
Masaya: He decided to take it from the top...
Aoi: It's more like he ran away before it was too late.
Misaki: You friend <i>totally</i> doesn't get it, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Cut her some slack. She's no Skywalker.
Asuka: ...Don't you think Inui-san is scary?
Misaki: Not really...
Asuka: Well, she terrifies me. I mean, what other person could string Shindou-san along like that.
Misaki: Well...
Asuka: When I fought him, I couldn't think more than a second ahead.
Masaya: ......
She hasn't pulled out any tricks at all. Inui has only used High Yo-Yos, Low Yo-Yos, and Scissors so far.
She's beating Shindou-san with just the basics.
How is that possible?
Shindou-san and Inui are flying along the third line as they fight to gain the upper hand.
Saki: ......
Shindou: ......
Minori: Both players are in a deadlock, flying upward in a spiral as they try to one-up each other. It seems to me like one of them could break out and go for the buoy though...
Wrong. That's not what they're after.
If either of them left that spiral, the other would claim the higher ground.
And that would be bad news.
After all, the player who has the higher position controls the flow of the match.
Wait a minute...
Shindou: ......
Saki: ......
They speed up.
What is this?
A sharp pain runs through my heart.
Is it important to control a match?
Aoi: ...Masaya. What <i>is</i> this?
Masaya: I don't know.
What the hell is happening?
How many of the people watching have realized this situation is abnormal?
It can't just be me.
It almost seems like she's saying that playstyles like Speeder, All-Rounder, and Fighter don't matter.
That FC isn't really about being fast or winning dogfights.
Saki: ......
In her mind, "true FC" must be about <i>controlling</i> your opponent.
Shindou: ......
And Shindou-san is just playing along?
Does he think there's nothing wrong with that?
Masaya: Why...
My throat clogs up, leaving the words I want to convey to him stuck in my throat.
I mean--
Shindou-san!
I call out to him inside my mind.
Shindou-san! She's looking down on the dogfights and speed battles we've engaged in for so long.
She's stomping all over everyone's hard work and effort!
Why aren't you putting her in her place?! Stop her already!
Force her into a dogfight! Don't play her game!
Don't let her mock everything we believe in!
Mashiro: S-Senpai, are you okay? Your face looks pale.
Masaya: I'm fine.
Next thing I know, Shindou-san is below Inui again. And just like last time, she's leading him toward the water.
Misaki: I thought he was flying perfectly... Why'd it turn out just like the second line?
Misaki seems to have finally noticed that something's up, but it doesn't look like she knows any details.
What about Asuka?
Asuka: ......
Masaya: Asu...ka...?
A chill runs down my spine and goosebumps form on my back.
Asuka is smiling.
And it's a smile that stretches from ear to ear.
It looks like she can hardly contain her joy.
Does she find this fun?
What could possibly be fun about this dull, freakish match that only consists of her driving her opponent into a corner?
It lacks all the fun and excitement that people love about FC, making it look like an entirely different sport.
Amazing...
Asuka is <i>really</i> amazing.
In fact, she's so amazing that she scares me.
Shindou: Ah...!
Shindou-san has been pushed to the water's surface.
Saki: ......
Inui blocks his attempt to do a reversal with that same old utterly bored expression on her face.
Dammit, he's stuck between a rock and a hard place.
Masaya: ......
Shindou: Ngh!
Shindou-san's face is contorting.
Come on, this is no time to get upset. Think of the way out.
I'm sure you know <i>exactly</i> what you need to do. And how to do it, even.
If you manage to pull that off, you... no, we... won't crumble in the face of Inui's "true FC."
Sure, we may still have to admit defeat and study her strategy eventually, but you can at least protect our way of life for a little while longer.
You have to do this!
Do it! Now! Do it, Shindou-san!
I'm sure it'll be enough to get you out of that sticky situation!
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san glides over the water's surface.
Shindou: ......
And Inui pursues him.
Misaki: What's he thinking?! Running that way isn't gonna get him anywhere!
Masaya: No, he's got a plan!
Shindou-san tucks in his arms and legs right when I say that. He's doing an Airkick Turn!
And I'm sure he can adjust the angle to execute a high-speed 90 degrees one that shoots him upward!
That'll get him out!
Saki: Ah...!
Inui flies a wide curve and heads upward.
Masaya: No...!
She didn't react impulsively. If she had, Shindou-san would've gotten the upper hand.
She accurately confirmed what Shindou-san was doing, then proceeded to climb higher than him.
Masaya: She's <i>really</i> good.
I don't know what else to say.
An Airkick Turn allows you to perform a highspeed turn, but it's not like you maintain that speed.
Shindou-san used it to get above her for a moment, but that didn't last long. Inui used just the basics to get above him once more.
She really is made of steel.
Seems she was unfazed by Shindou-san's actions, too...
Saki: ......
Another Scissors? Is she just going for the same thing again?!
Shindou: ......
Shindou-san gives up and jumps to the fourth line.
Then, Inui flies over to the buoy and touches it.
With that, the score is at 2:3.
She won again...
Shindou: ......
Saki: ......
Minori: Both players have stopped in place. What does this mean? I'm not quite sure. But I do know that this match is extremely hard to commentate.
Misaki: Shindou-san! Rush her before it's too late!
Masaya: There's no point. He'd just end up in the same situation again.
Misaki: But time's running out! If he doesn't hurry, he'll--
Asuka: Amazing!
Misaki: Huh?
Asuka: I've just learned a lot more about FC!
Misaki: Uh, cool...
Misaki nods, seemingly taken aback.
Shindou: O-Oh...! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Maybe this'll work!
Shindou-san roars, making the air tremble.
Saki: ......
However, it doesn't seem to affect Inui at all.
She dodges Shindou-san's charge with a High Yo-Yo, which nets her the high ground once again.
Damn, how is she that consistent?
Shindou: Raaaaaaaaaaaah!
Saki: ......
Shindou-san's desperately struggling to catch her.
However, time isn't on his side. Eventually, the final whistle blows.
Minori: Your new champion is Saki Inui! It turned out to be a rather slow final match, but--
I switch off the audio.
The whole venue is engulfed in a strange atmosphere.
Everyone was convinced Shindou-san would win. And considering the way the match played out, the final result is hard to swallow.
Maybe I'd be just as confused as everyone else if I didn't talk to Irina-san and Satouin-san earlier.
Masaya: What... is this?
I look up at the sky as my eyes cloud over with despair.
And when I do, I spot Inui just hovering there casually.
Compared to Shindou-san, who looks dead on his feet, Inui seems not the least bit tired.
Suddenly, she directs her gaze downward.
Saki: ......
Masaya: Ah...!
She's looking right at me.
I'm not just imagining that, I swear. I'm sure it's true.
Sure, she didn't call me by name or anything, but I know I'm not wrong.
(You're next.)
Her eyes seemed to be saying that.
Irina-san's words suddenly resurface in my mind.
Irina: "You'll understand true FC."
I can no longer deny that claim.
She may have fought Shindou-san, but she threw down the gauntlet at me.
No, not to just me.
She's challenged the entire notion of FC.
She's looking down from above, asking, "How long do you want to keep crawling down there?"
Fish evolved into amphibians, leaving their ancestors confined in the water. Primates evolved into man, surpassing their primitive ancestors with their newfound intelligence.
The contempt in her eyes almost makes me think of her as some evolved being looking down upon the inferior species before her.
She has now claimed her throne, and dares any of us to challenge her.
Masaya: Damn... it!
Grinding my teeth, I glare up at the sky.
However, Inui still remains completely unfazed.
She's so calm and collected that it feels like she's claiming she has no need for a heart.
Battles stir emotions.
And in a sport like FC, where tactics play an important role, those emotions are critical.
However, this monster before my eyes...
Masaya: This can't... be happening!
Despair.
I'm filled with despair.
How are you supposed to defeat someone who invalidates everything you believe in using only existing methods?
I definitely don't have an answer.
All I can do is stare up at her without averting my gaze...
Misaki: I can't believe Shindou-san lost...
Masaya: Yeah, she destroyed him.
Misaki: It was 3:2! He almost had her...
Masaya: No, she was toying with him. Those two points were basically bait.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: I've never seen such a one-sided match before.
I get that she doesn't want to admit the person who beat her was no match for Inui.
However...
There's nothing to be gained from denying the truth.
Asuka: Coach!
Asuka is looking at me with sparkling eyes.
Asuka: What's the best way to beat Inui-san?
Masaya: I don't know. We'll have to start by analyzing the match.
Asuka: Roger!
Misaki: Asuka... Didn't watching Shindou-san lose make you feel anything?
Asuka: Yeah, it has me all excited!
Misaki: Hahahaha!
Misaki lets out a dry laugh.
Misaki: I see. Excited, huh?
Asuka: Yes!
I thought that remark would make Misaki's blood boil, but she just smiles as she looks at everyone.
Misaki: 'Kay, guess that's it for the day. Man, I'm starving. Let's drop by a convenience store on the way home.
Mashiro: Sure thing.
Masaya: What about you, Asuka?
Asuka: I want to stay here at the venue. Need to relish these lingering emotions while I still can...
Misaki: I see. My stomach's killing me, so it's time to bounce.
Mashiro: Oh! Wait for me.
Mashiro runs after Misaki. Man, she's walking awfully fast for someone who's supposedly dying of hunger...
I go after Misaki.
Masaya: Hey, wait up!
Misaki: What's up?
Masaya: Um, yeah... Well...
Misaki: Spit it out.
I stopped her without even thinking things through, so I'm not sure how to proceed.
What'd I even want to say?
Mashiro: ...Maybe he wants to confess?
Misaki: Of course!
Masaya: Not!
Misaki: Lame...
Masaya: Um... You're gonna show up to practice tomorrow, right?
Misaki: ...Hm, well, I guess?
Masaya: Don't do that. I want a clear answer.
Misaki: I dunno. Won't know how I feel 'til tomorrow.
Misaki wraps her hands around her stomach in an exaggerated fashion after she says that.
Misaki: Can't think straight on an empty stomach, either.
Masaya: Fine. Just make sure you come tomorrow.
Misaki: 'Kaaay!
Mashiro: Well, we'll be on our way now.
Mashiro bows to me as they leave. Wow, that's a lot more formal than Misaki's little wave.
Madoka: Looks like that match scarred her.
Masaya: Not surprised. She's probably not used to feeling so powerless. Hey, make sure to try and cheer her up.
Madoka: I will, but so should you.
Masaya: I'll do what I can.
Asuka: Misaki-chan was acting weird.
Madoka: Yeah. Can't blame her after that match, though.
Asuka: Huh? What do you mean?
Masaya: ...Do you really not understand?
Asuka: ...N-No.
Aoi: Hahaha! You're quite something, Kurashina. Listen, Tobisawa probably looked up to Shindou.
Masaya: Wouldn't you be shocked if you just watched your role model lose?
Asuka: ...Oh!
Masaya: And in this case, it seemed like he never even had a chance.
Asuka: I-I was just so excited after watching that match... Did I say something insensitive?
Madoka: Don't worry about it. You aren't Misaki.
Asuka: B-But maybe I should go apologize...
Masaya: Don't bother. It's not like you've done anything wrong.
Aoi: Exactly. I mean, that final match really was interesting. Isn't that right, Masaya?
Masaya: ...Yeah. Too interesting, if you ask me.
I direct my gaze up at the sky and take a deep breath.
I wonder how things will change.
In terms of both FC as a whole and our club, I mean.
I have this sinking feeling that things will never be the same again.
And that makes my heart sting just a little bit.
★★　→★★
There we go.
I land at the school's terminal and look up at the sky.
It's as blue as it gets thanks to the summer sun that's shining brightly.
Masaya: Summer's still in full swing, huh?
Obviously.
The summer tournament may be over, but that doesn't mean the season is. In fact, it's just getting started.
Now that we're done with the tournament, I need to check in on how everyone feels.
Otherwise, it'll be hard to figure out how to schedule practice.
Most people would feel drained after what happened this weekend, so I've got no right to blame them if they chose to skip out on practice today.
Still, I hope they come.
And not just because that'd show that they're motivated. I've got a far more personal, selfish reason.
I can't express my current emotions properly, but I feel kind of uneasy.
So maybe that's why I want to see them.
However...
I pull out my cellphone and check the time.
Guess I got here a bit early.
The idea of sitting in the clubroom all by myself feels a little sad, honestly. Plus, I wouldn't wanna creep out whoever shows up next.
Guess I'll kill some time in my classroom.
Asuka: Oh, Coach!
Asuka calls out to me right as I enter our sports ground.
Asuka: Is it time to start practice?
Masaya: No, it's still a little too early for that.
Asuka: Oh, yes, of course...
Asuka looks a little embarrassed.
Masaya: Were you on your way to our clubroom?
Asuka: U-Um, yes. D-Do I seem a little too eager?
Guess I don't have to kill time after all.
Should've known she would show up before everyone else, considering the way she acted during that match yesterday.
Honestly, the look in Asuka's eyes scared me.
She alone was smiling in a situation that made everyone else freeze in terror.
She was eerily chipper.
And she even said watching the undisputed champion get crushed was "fun."
Asuka: What's on the menu today? Are we going to go over the mistakes we made in the tournament?
I don't feel the same fear even though she seems just as happy right now.
And that's because I've realized the scary part of her I witnessed is just a childlike innocence.
Which is her greatest strength.
Masaya: Asuka...
Asuka: Yes?
Masaya: What are your thoughts on the tournament? I wanna hear your honest opinion.
I need to know how she truly feels.
I need her to explain why she found that match "fun."
And maybe, somewhere deep inside my heart, I'm hoping I'm wrong.
Maybe I'm hoping she was just acting tough.
However...
Asuka: My thoughts? Well... it was fun!
Asuka: Every single match was exciting!
Asuka: And during the final match, I <i>really</i> wished I was the one facing Inui-san.
Asuka: Oh, but I know I'm not good enough for that yet.
Normally, this would be a good thing.
A player who's brimming with motivation is a coach's wet dream.
And yet, I have mixed feelings on the matter.
Masaya: I see...
Asuka's probably going to surpass me.
And I guess that's what I've been afraid of all along.
However, that fear isn't enough to snuff out my desire to watch her grow.
How far can she go?
Will she eventually reach heights yet unknown?
Asuka: Coach. No... Masaya-san.
Masaya: Yeah?
Asuka is gazing at me with a grave expression on her face. This is new.
Asuka: I have a request.
Masaya: A request?
Asuka: Yes. It has to do with practice.
She looks me dead in the eye as she says that.
Asuka: Please train me more seriously from now on.
Masaya: How seriously?
Asuka: Enough to help me beat Inui-san.
Masaya: ......
Asuka: I know that'll be a lot of work.
Asuka: But it's what I want more than anything in the world. I have to beat Saki Inui.
Asuka: And that's why I want you to do whatever it takes to get me into fighting shape.
Asuka: Please help me.
I'm torn.
Asuka just touched on both of my conflicting emotions.
I wonder if she saw through me already? That would explain why her request hits so hard.
What should I do?
...That's right.
Asuka's asking me to stand and fight alongside her.
Against that monster. Against that higher being who's sneering at FC.
Masaya: Back in the day...
Asuka: Yes...?
Masaya: Practicing with Aoi-san was crazy, I swear.
Asuka: Oh...!
This is the first time I've mentioned my past to Asuka.
I'm not exactly sure why, but it just feels like the right time.
Masaya: I filled every single day with FC, to the point where I was in the sky even in my dreams.
I still remember everything.
Practice was so tough that my parents were constantly worried sick.
Masaya: But, you see, eventually all that practice had an effect on my body.
Asuka: In what way?
Masaya: It started feeling really light, light as a feather. And then, flying became second nature.
It was a strange sensation.
My body reacted exactly as I wanted it to before I even finished thinking.
And thanks to that, I got better at reading and countering my opponent's next moves.
I became one with the sky.
Aoi-san once said the best Skywalkers often experience that feeling.
Masaya: Until a short while ago, I was afraid to make you suffer through such harsh practice.
Masaya: But now I know you need it.
I turn to directly face Asuka.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes!
Masaya: It's gonna be rough. I doubt you'll get more relaxing, game-like practice sessions moving forward.
Asuka: That's fine by me!
We share a soft smile as she says that.
Let's do this.
We'll beat that monstrous Inui with our own methods.
Masaya: Look, I know it may sound like I'm contradicting myself, but I think the joy FC brings you will help your growth.
Asuka: Huh? I-Is that so?
Masaya: Yeah. That's what I...
I want to tell her that's what I lost, but I know I shouldn't.
Masaya: That's what I held onto the entire time.
Asuka: That means...
Asuka: That means it's <i>very</i> important.
Masaya: Yeah.
I'll never allow her to hate flying.
She's so free of care, so full of joy when she flies, and I want her to stay that way forever.
That's why I'm going to fight alongside her.
I'll protect her so I can see her smile down on us from the highest point of the blue sky.
Masaya: Okay, let's get started!
Asuka: Yes. I'm good to go, Coach!
Masaya: ...No, I can't do that.
Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: You aren't experienced enough. You need to master the basics before you move onto anything else.
Asuka: I... see.
Masaya: That doesn't mean I won't give you the practice you want. If I see a chance to aim higher, we'll go for it. Plus, I'm open to the idea of changing up your schedule based on how you do.
Asuka: O-Oh, okay!
Masaya: Yeah. It's still too early, but maybe once summer ends and we start thinking about the fall tournament.
Asuka: ...Then I have a new goal.
Asuka: I'll work harder than ever during practice to get you to acknowledge me!
Masaya: Can't wait to see that.
Asuka: Thanks!
...I don't think I'm good enough to refine her talent.
Not in terms of skill or anything, mind you. It's just that her mindset is far out of my reach.
That's why I'm not making any major promises right now.
Asuka wants to return to our classroom briefly, so we part ways.
Then, I head over to the clubroom on my own.
There's no one here in the classroom.
It's summer break, so that makes sense.
Oh, I see towels and bags under a few desks. Guess some people left them behind before heading to their club meetings.
Masaya: Phew...
I sit at a desk near the window and gaze out of it. And when I do, I hear some spirited yells coming from outside. Seems some club is out jogging today.
What do I do?
Vague, unclear thoughts spin around inside my mind.
Am I still worked up over what happened yesterday? Sure feels like it...
......
So in the end, no one showed up, huh?
Man, I was sure at least one of them would.
Hm, maybe I should go check the clubroom.
Masaya: Alright.
I stand up and leave the classroom.
Masaya: ...Oh.
Asuka: Coach!
Asuka comes walking my way.
Masaya: You're here early.
Asuka: Not really. I even slept in a little.
Masaya: You slept in and you're still here this early? I'm impressed. Well, you've got some time to kill.
Asuka: No, actually...
Masaya: Something wrong?
Asuka: Um, you see, I was in charge of cleaning up right before summer break.
Masaya: Huh? Oh, okay.
Why does that matter?
Asuka: I forgot to wipe the blackboard, and it's been driving me nuts! I need to head over and fix that, so I'll meet you at our clubroom later.
Masaya: O-Okay.
Asuka runs off toward the main school building after hearing my response.
She's a good kid.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: Oh!
Right as I arrive, Mashiro walks out of our clubroom in her training suit.
Mashiro: Were you trying to peek again?!
Masaya: What do you mean, "again"? I've never done that before!
Mashiro: Something smells fishy.
Masaya: Nothing smells fishy.
Madoka didn't tell her anything, did she?
It'd be <i>really</i> bad if she did.
Masaya: I'm surprised you already got changed. Must mean you're pretty motivated.
Mashiro: You think so? I'm not really sure.
Masaya: Well, I'm kinda hoping you are. So if you don't know, I'm just gonna assume that's true.
Mashiro: ......
Why does she look so pissed all of a sudden?
Mashiro: Come, Senpai.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: I need to you to come with me. Hurry.
Masaya: H-Hey, Mashiro?!
She drags me away, forcibly.
Masaya: What's wrong?
Mashiro: Well, I don't want anyone to overhear us.
Masaya: Is it something that's hard for you to talk about?
This is happening right after the tournament, and I <i>did</i> just mention her motivation...
An unpleasant possibility crosses my mind.
Mashiro: ...It's more that you might make it hard.
Masaya: Huh? What do you mean?
Mashiro: I-It's nothing. I can't tell you before it actually comes to that.
Masaya: Uh, what?
I <i>really</i> don't get what she's talking about.
Mashiro: So, back to what I wanted to say...
Masaya: Go on.
Mashiro: "You have me in your corner."
Masaya: ...Huh?
Mashiro: "I promise to lead you to victory."
What is she saying?
Oh!
Mashiro: You'd seriously be the worst if you forgot.
Masaya: ...My memory's just fine, okay.
Well, it's more like I just recalled what happened, but she doesn't need to know that.
Can't believe I forgot the promise I made to her.
Must've slipped my mind because it's already my job as her coach to lead her to victory.
Mashiro: I see. Glad you remember.
Mashiro: So?
Masaya: What are you getting at?
Mashiro: I'm obviously talking about how things turned out.
She got knocked out in the first round...
I know she had a strong opponent, but I doubt she'll accept that excuse.
Mashiro: Liar.
Masaya: ...I'm sorry.
I can tell she isn't really mad at me.
It feels more like she's teasing me as she sulks.
She's probably being considerate in her own way, since I do have a lot to apologize for.
Mashiro: Since then, I've been asking myself whether I should stay in the FC club.
Masaya: ......
I knew it.
Mashiro: What do you think?
I think...
Masaya: You should do what you want.
Mashiro: Uh...
Mashiro's breath gets caught in her throat when she hears my response.
I know she probably wants me to reassure her, but that doesn't feel right.
After all...
Masaya: I'm the one who broke our promise.
That's all there is to it.
Mashiro: Haaah...
Mashiro heaves a heavy sigh.
Mashiro: Good thing I don't like you. That would've <i>really</i> hurt if I did.
Masaya: Sorry.
Mashiro merely responds with a faint smile.
What a nice girl. I made the right choice. Wouldn't have been right to ask her to stay just because I want her here.
Mashiro: Well, let's put that aside for now. I hope you're prepared to be punished for breaking your promise to me.
Masaya: You wanna settle the score, huh?
Mashiro: I still need to thank you properly for sticking your nose into my relationship with Misaki-senpai.
Masaya: Great. Of course that's what this is about.
Well, maybe letting her do this will help us bury the hatchet.
Mashiro: Just so we're clear, you're not allowed to try to get revenge for what I'm about to do. No bringing it up again, either.
Masaya: You know, you're <i>really</i> making it sound like I'm in for a world of pain.
Mashiro: Don't worry. I'm just going to slap your face.
Masaya: You're gonna slap me?!
Mashiro: Now, close your eyes and clench your teeth.
I do as she says and brace myself for the stinging pain.
......
.........
............
......
......
......
Huh?
Masaya: Mashiro?
I open my eyes.
But she's no longer there.
In her place, I see...
"Masaja-senpai, thank you!"
Masaya: Idiot... You misspelled my name.
Crap. My voice is shaking.
Anyway, I should take a picture of this for later.
Mashiro: Hey! How can you do something that embarrassing?! Pervert!
Masaya: S-Says the person who's watching me after pretending to leave!
Masaya: I want you to stay.
I know she probably wants me to reassure her, so I will.
No, I have to.
Masaya: I'll keep my promise next time, I swear.
That's the only answer I can give her.
I want her to take practice more seriously from now on, so I'll do everything in my power to become a coach who can properly reward her hard work.
I just hope she understands that.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Why do you look pissed again?
This is unexpected.
Don't tell me she wanted me to tell her to quit.
Mashiro: You know, it kind of feels like you repeat yourself a lot.
Masaya: That just means I have a ton of faith in what I'm saying.
Mashiro: Maybe, but when you overstate something it also feels like you're saying it just to say it.
Masaya: Seriously?! What do you want from me, then?
Mashiro: Please reflect on what you just said.
Masaya: No thanks.
Mashiro: Why not?
Masaya: It was probably pretty embarrassing.
Mashiro: Oh, I'm glad you noticed.
Masaya: ...What exactly do you want from me, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Liar.
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i> I wasn't trying to upset you there!
Mashiro: Liar. Liar.
Masaya: Ngh!
Her words strike deep.
Masaya: If you don't stop, I might just cry.
Mashiro: Fine. I'm sorry, Senpai. To be honest, I don't really hold that against you. It's not <i>all</i> your fault.
Masaya: You know, you're just rubbing salt into the wound at this point...
Mashiro: Now, let's get back to the clubroom and start practice.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: I'll probably forget all about these little worries once I see Misaki-senpai.
Masaya: Should've known you'd say that.
I'm a little disappointed that nothing seems to have changed after the tournament.
And Mashiro...
Mashiro: Well, I feel a bit better already.
However...
I don't actually process that quiet mutter.
Masaya: Oh? Are you saying you don't have anything to motivate you?
Mashiro: I think I do, but then it also feels like I don't... I'm not really sure.
Mashiro sinks into thought after she says that.
Masaya: I mean, you showed up <i>really</i> early. What else could that mean?
Mashiro: Good point. You're probably right.
Mashiro shoots me a beaming smile soon after.
Asuka: Misaki-chan's still not here.
Mashiro: Yeah, and Aoyagi-senpai's missing too.
Masaya: Madoka isn't coming today. She's over at the broadcasting station with Hosaka to try and get tapes of all the matches.
Especially that final one...
Masaya: What was Misaki like yesterday, Mashiro?
Mashiro: The same as usual... Or well, she was pretending to be, anyway.
Masaya: ...Okay. Let's not waste time waiting for her. Start getting warmed up.
Asuka: Understood.
Mashiro: You want us to start with field flying, right?
Masaya: Yeah. Just make sure to maintain stable form.
Mashiro/Asuka: Roger.
Asuka: Roger.
Mashiro: Roger.
The two of them have been flying around for the past few minutes.
...Huh, I hear someone walking up to me.
Is Misaki finally here?
Shindou: Hello.
Masaya: Oh, Shindou-san. What brings you here?
Shindou: I came to check in on you. I was worried about how they were holding up after their first tournament.
And we were worried about him.
Masaya: I watched your match.
Shindou: It was pathetic, I know. Sorry about that.
Masaya: Hey, don't apologize.
I mean, he's probably the most beat up about it.
Shindou: I'm devastated that I wasn't able to perform well in front of my idol.
...That's surprising. He seems to be over it already.
Shindou: Still, I can't afford to mope around. There's still a lot of work left on my plate.
Masaya: What work?
Shindou: Hm...
Shindou: Come on, stop hiding and show yourself. You're the one who needs to talk to him.
Who's he talking to?
Someone pokes their head out from behind Shindou-san.
Rika: H-Hello...
Masaya: I-Ichinose?
Shindou: Satou-kun informed me that she's asked to participate in your practice from time to time.
I feel like I can hear Satouin-san going "It's Satouin" all the way from Takafuji's clubroom.
Masaya: Right. We talked about it after the first day of the tournament.
Shindou: Well, now we want you to go one step further.
She wants something more?
Even Shindou-san's here, so this must be one serious request.
Shindou: Go on. You said you would ask him yourself, remember?
Rika: I-I will. Just give me a few moments to mentally prepare myself...
Ichinose takes a deep breath.
Rika: U-Um, I would...
There's a strained look on her face, like she's swallowing a bitter pill or something.
Rika: I would like you to be my coach!
Huh?
Masaya: Wh-What? Your coach?!
Ichinose looks dead serious.
And this doesn't seem to be a spur of the moment decision, either.
Shindou: I'm aware that it's an unreasonable request. After all, you're already Kunahama's coach.
Masaya: Yeah...
Shindou: But she has a good reason, I promise. You see...
Masaya: ...You want me to help her break out of her shell?
Shindou: Oh, did Satou-kun already tell you?
Masaya: Not about coaching her, but she did mention something along those lines when we last discussed Ichinose.
Shindou: I see. Well, that makes this easy. I want you to introduce your brand of FC to her.
Shindou: I'll also be here to help train her, so in exchange, I'd be more than willing to teach your players all that I know.
Masaya: I'm sure that'd be a big help, but...
Shindou-san would definitely help our players improve leaps and bounds.
Hell, that might even be enough to motivate Misaki again.
Masaya: Um... You actually want to do this, right, Ichinose?
I need an honest answer here.
Rika: Of course. I wanted to ask you myself, but Shindou-senpai was kind enough to assist me.
Rika: I know coaching me will only add to your workload, but I would really appreciate it.
...What's the right call here?
Ichinose does have a ton of potential, so this could be interesting.
I'm sure she'll go far if she manages to change her rigid playstyle.
But I'm already Kunahama's coach. Training someone from a rival school seems a little iffy...
Masaya: (Wouldn't everyone think I'm giving her special treatment?)
What should I do?
Masaya: If you're fine with me, I'll do it.
Ichinose may be a Takafuji student, but she's a lot more than that to me.
Even putting her FC skill aside, we've gotten pretty close thanks to all our little chats.
I feel like coaching her would be <i>really</i> fun.
Rika: Don't say that...
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: I mean, I'm specifically asking you to be my coach, so I'm more than fine with you.
Masaya: O-Oh, sorry.
Shindou-san, who has been listening to our exchange this whole time, chuckles.
Shindou: What a rare sight. She even has trouble asking people from Takafuji to coach her, so you must really be someone special in her eyes.
Rika: P-President!
Shindou: Haha. Well, I'm glad your dream came true.
Rika: Grr...!
Ichinose shoots a reproachful glare at Shindou-san.
It's weird that she wants me specifically. Does she have something other than practice in mind?
Shindou: Well, since you've agreed, I'll excuse myself for now.
Rika: Oh, I'll join you.
Shindou: What are you talking about? You should stay behind and work out your schedule.
Rika: Wh-Whaaat?!
Shindou: I'll be leaving her in your capable hands, Hinata-kun.
Masaya: I see you're quite the sadist.
Shindou: Oh, I'd say I'm more of a switch. It just depends on the person... Well, I'll see you around.
And with that, Shindou-san takes his leave. What a weirdo.
Rika: U-Um, uh...
She looks like an abandoned dog right now.
Guess she doesn't know what to do.
Masaya: Well, um... anyway...
I'm not really sure what to say. Guess I should just welcome her for now.
Masaya: Let's do our best together, Ichinose.
Rika: Y-Yeah, Hina--
Rika: Ah...!
Masaya: Why'd you fall silent?
She suddenly stopped while saying my name.
Rika: Oh, um, it's not what you think.
Rika: It's just, I'm not sure what we should call each other now.
Masaya: Uh, what?
...Oh, I see.
Masaya: True. That wouldn't have been in line with our club's rule.
Rika: Y-Yeah. It does feel pretty bold, though...
...It really isn't anything that special. Well, whatever. I'm just glad she doesn't seem like an abandoned dog anymore.
I wonder how she'll develop from now on.
Should be exciting.
Masaya: Not at all. Okay, let's take this from the top.
I straighten my back, then repeat myself.
Masaya: Let's do our best together, Rika.
Rika: Yeah, Masaya-san!
Masaya: ...I'm sorry, I can't do that.
Ichinose clearly wants this, but at the end of the day, my job is to coach Kunahama's players..
Masaya: I'm still fine with you joining our practices, though. Think you could take that as a compromise?
Rika: O-Of course. I'm sorry for making such a brazen request.
Masaya: No, I should be apologizing to you, really.
I would have agreed to coach her if she wasn't from a rival school.
But I work for Kunahama, so I have to keep my priorities straight.
Shindou: Not at all. We're the ones who made such an unreasonable request, so there's no need for you to feel bad.
Masaya: I'm sorry I couldn't give you the answer you wanted.
Rika: Um, it's fine. Practicing with you is more than good enough...
Shindou: I'm sure it's hard to justify prioritizing a player who isn't actually under you. And even if she was, you couldn't do it without good reason.
Masaya: Yeah... Honestly, I haven't even found a player like that at Kunahama.
Shindou: Oh, you haven't? You might want to work on that, then.
Masaya: Right.
He's telling me to look for an ace. The Shindou-san of Kunahama, basically.
But even if I found one, could I actually train them properly? I'm <i>really</i> not sure.
Shindou: Well then, we'll be on our way now. As discussed, Ichinose-kun will participate in your practice starting next week.
Masaya: Got it.
Rika: I-I'm looking forward to it!
Ichinose says that in a slightly nervous tone.
Masaya: Same.
Shindou: See you around.
Shindou-san and Ichinose fly off after waving at me.
I decided not to be her coach, but they're still going to show up and help us out with our practice. That's good.
The two of them have been flying around for the past few minutes.
...Huh, I hear someone walking up to me.
Is Misaki finally here?
Shindou: Hello.
Masaya: Oh, Shindou-san. What brings you here?
Shindou: I came to check in on you. I was worried about how they were holding up after their first tournament.
Masaya: I appreciate your concern, but the tournament was just yesterday. Shouldn't you be at Takafuji?
Shindou: You don't need to worry about that. I'm trying to avoid the place.
Masaya: Why is that?
Shindou: I'm embarrassed to admit this, but everyone in the FC world associates Takafuji with the name Kazunari Shindou. I need to change that before it's too late.
Masaya: Good point.
Whether he wanted it or not, he's become a huge hurdle for the school to overcome.
Everyone just expects to see him, or people around his skill level, when they hear the name Takafuji, which I'm sure has depressed more than a few club members.
Shindou: Kunahama, on the other hand, is unrelated to me. Would it be fine for me to come visit you when I feel like playing FC?
Masaya: Absolutely. In fact, I'd <i>really</i> appreciate it if you could fight our members every once in a while.
Shindou: Thanks. Well, that's all I wanted to ask. See you around.
Masaya: Yeah, bye.
Shindou-san waves his hand at me as he flies off.
I'm sure his presence will be a huge help.
Still, it's weird that he's essentially propping up a rival school.
Sure hope I don't get a ton of hate mail from Takafuji students.
Well, whatever. The benefits of Shindou-san joining our practice outweigh any risk.
Masaya: Okay, that's all for today. We're taking it easy because the tournament was just yesterday.
They seem unfocused. Makes sense, since they're probably still exhausted.
Mashiro and Asuka start stretching after they hear me say that.
Smart. That'll help prevent any sort of muscle pain.
Asuka: ...Misaki-chan didn't show up at all, huh? It feels a little weird with just the two of us.
Masaya: Yeah, practice will get stale if it's just the two of you.
Mashiro: I know she'll show up tomorrow.
Masaya: Sure hope so.
Misaki seemed pretty depressed yesterday. I'm not sure what to do.
I take out my phone.
Guess I'll text her later...
I'm strolling around town after practice.
I finally have some time alone to think. Problem is, I'm not even sure what to think about.
I just have this nagging feeling that there's something I should be focusing on.
Huh?
My phone vibrates in my pocket.
Masaya: A text... Oh, it's from Misaki.
What a pleasant surprise.
It took her a while, but she finally responded. Can't say I expected that.
Masaya: "I'm at the beach. Don't look for me."
Ugh, what a pain. I mean, <i>come on,</i> we're on an island! There are beaches literally everywhere!
Luckily, I know exactly which one she's talking about.
Man, doesn't she feel even a little embarrassed about sending me that text?
I figure out where the nearest terminal is, then run toward it.
Misaki: ......
Misaki is standing there on the now empty venue of yesterday's tournament, staring out at the sea.
Masaya: Hi.
Misaki slowly turns to face me.
Misaki: ...You bring the coke and chips?
Masaya: You should've asked.
Misaki: You should've known.
Masaya: I'm no psychic, okay? Besides, you shouldn't even be eating any junk food.
Misaki: ...Why not?
Masaya: It's not good for your body. You need to take better care of yourself if you plan on playing FC.
Misaki gazes back at the sea and sighs after hearing me say that.
Misaki: FC, huh?
Masaya: What's wrong? You said you wanted to take FC more seriously after you lost to Shindou-san, remember?
Misaki: ...Did I?
Masaya: You <i>totally</i> did.
Misaki: I dunno about that.
Masaya: What, are you gonna quit?
Misaki: No... I still think FC's pretty fun. It's just, um... I dunno about practicing harder or any of that other stuff.
Masaya: ...Are you shocked that someone came and took out your role model?
Misaki: Ah...! N-No, you're wrong! This has nothing to do with Shindou-san losing, okay?! Man, you <i>totally</i> don't get it, do you?
Masaya: What don't I get?
Misaki: I-I... Well... Forget it.
Masaya: No, just finish your sentence.
Misaki: ...I wasn't gonna say anything, really.
Man, she never makes it easy for me.
Misaki: Listen, there's something I wanna figure out, so... I'm taking a break for now.
Masaya: Do what you want.
Misaki: Oh... Okay.
Most people need to do a little introspection every once in a while.
Masaya: Drop by practice whenever you feel like it. Actually, you should try to show up even if you don't. It'll be hard to set up a good training regimen with just Mashiro and Asuka.
Misaki: Yeah yeah, I'll show up eventually... I just need some time to think.
Masaya: Catch you later.
I give her those parting words, then take my leave.
Misaki seems pretty down, so I doubt anything I say will change her mind.
Back in town now.
I'm in this weird state where I want to be alone, but also fear the idea.
My heart's beating a mile a minute. I know there's still something I need to think about, but I don't know what that is.
I pull out my phone and check it just in case.
No reply from Misaki, huh?
I wonder what she's doing right now.
...I guess it's none of my business, really. Still, she could've at least told me she wasn't gonna make practice.
Shion: Oh, Hinata!
Masaya: Hey, Prez. What are you up to?
Shion: I've got nothing to do at home, so I'm just wandering around.
Masaya: This is the summer break of your senior year. There are probably tons of things you need to get done.
Shion: So, what are you doing? Don't you have practice?
Masaya: I ended it early. They're still exhausted, so I don't wanna push them too hard.
Shion: I see...
Prez gazes up at the sky with squinted eyes.
Shion: It feels really strange. My own summer has ended, but the season has just begun.
Masaya: Right.
Prez heaves a short, resigned sigh.
Shion: Damn it all!
Masaya: Wh-What's wrong?
Shion: Nothing! Just figured this was the right situation to scream!
Masaya: We're in the middle of the street. Please stop.
Shion: Feel free to touch my tight pecs.
Masaya: No thanks.
Shion: Hinata!
Masaya: Wh-What? I don't get what you're trying to say.
He's usually pretty weird, but this is even worse than normal.
Shion: There's something I want you to know, but I'm sure how to say it. And that's annoying me.
Masaya: Oh?
Shion: I'm sure you have a lot of things to consider, since you're Kunahama's coach and all, but...
Masaya: ......
Shion: It wouldn't hurt you to be bit more proactive.
Masaya: In what way?
Shion: Everyone in the club trusts you, so it wouldn't kill you to be more selfish.
Masaya: Hm...
He may have a point. I spend <i>way</i> too much time thinking and worrying about everyone else... No, that's not quite right. A lot of people spend most of their time worrying about the people around them.
The problem is...
I've been so caught up in thinking in their best interest that I haven't even figured out what I want to do with them.
Masaya: Feels like you're picking at an open wound right now.
Shion: I'm just saying...
Masaya: Hm?
Shion: Don't be afraid of coming back as a player, Hinata.
Masaya: Ah...!
I'm rendered speechless.
How does he know?
Masaya: ...Look, I'm not afraid of the idea. I just don't want to.
Shion: If that's how you really feel, I'll leave you be. Still, if you ever feel like making a comeback, ask for my help. You'll have my full support.
Masaya: ......
That will never happen.
I know that's what I want to say, but those words don't leave my mouth.
Masaya: Sure, I'll take you up on that offer when the time comes.
Wait, what?
Why'd I just say that? Do I actually want to become a Skywalker again?
That's impossible... Yeah, I'm sure I only said that because he practically forced my hand.
Shion: I can't wait to face you up in the sky.
His smile is dazzling, which makes it hard for me to refute his words.
Masaya: Same here.
And so, I simply agree with him and give him a firm nod.
★: Chapter 6 -- End.
I close my fingers, then raise my hands.
With that done, I push my left leg forward to take the first step, then move my right one back to kick off the ground.
After that, I shift my center of gravity just a little forward to get ready to assume a forward-leaning posture as soon as I take off.
Next, I take a deep breath.
And I slowly repeat that process several times as I imagine the sight of oxygen flowing through my body.
The wind direction has changed. There's now a light tailwind stroking my neck.
Finally, I open my closed eyes and prepare to shout the most important word to me.
"Fly!"
Madoka: Heeey, Hinata-kun, Hinata-kuuun!
Madoka: You sleeping? Hey! Wake up, Coach!
Masaya: Hm...? Oh!
Masaya: Haaah... Sorry. Is practice already over?
Madoka: No, not yet. She's just started doing Low Yo-Yos.
Masaya: I see. Sorry for falling asleep.
Madoka: You don't have to apologize. I'm just glad you're okay. Don't you think you're working a bit too hard nowadays? I know you're the president, but you can still relax a little.
Masaya: Nah, I'm fine, I swear. I just didn't get enough sleep.
Madoka: And I'm saying not getting enough sleep <i>is</i> the problem. God.
Madoka: ...You've been staying up late to work on strategies for Asuka-chan, right?
Masaya: ...Well, yeah.
I've been doing that every day after practice. It's almost second nature now.
I draft up strategies on the whiteboard, then after getting home, I try them out myself.
I've been trying to keep it on the down low, but I guess Madoka's caught on.
Masaya: Don't tell Asuka. She'll start worrying.
Madoka: I get that, but... what good will it do if you collapse from exhaustion?
Masaya: Hm, you've got a point there... Okay, I'll be more careful. Now, let's go check up on them.
Madoka: Heeey! It <i>totally</i> sounds like you weren't even listening to me!
A few days after the summer tournament, we have a meeting to decide our goals for the fall tournament.

Masaya: Okay, go ahead, Ms. Kagami.
Aoi: Well, I see everyone's here.
Everyone: Yes!
Asuka: Yes!
Misaki: Yes!
Mashiro: Yes!
Shion: Yes!
Aoi: Good. That means we should start the meeting... younger Aoyagi.
Madoka: Yes!
Aoi: Proceed according to the agenda.
Madoka: Understood!
Madoka: Um, so the first item on the agenda is the election of a club president.
In most sports clubs, seniors retire after the summer tournament, since they have to focus on graduating.
Now that the tournament is over, a new president has to be chosen from among the sophomores.
Madoka: As you have all already been notified, Masaya Hinata will assume the post. Does anyone present have any objections?
Misaki: Nooope!
Asuka: I'm all for it!
Mashiro: There's no one better for the job.
The election of our new club president takes only a few seconds.
Well, when you consider the current distribution of roles, I'm really the only choice.
Masaya: Oh, but let's not change the way you address me. We'll keep calling Prez Prez, too.
Shion: Fair enough. We have two Aoyagi's here, so that'd work best.
He has a point, but more than anything, calling him "Shion-san" just doesn't feel right.
Prez suits him best.
Mashiro: We ended up picking someone without an actual election at all, huh?
Masaya: What, you wanna run?
Mashiro: Me as the president...
Masaya: ...Uh, actually, forget it. That'd spell disaster for us.
Mashiro: Hey! Why do you have to be so rude?!
Aoi: Come on, that's enough. We've got more important things to discuss.
Mashiro: Rogeeer!
Masaya: G-Got it.
...Right.
Me becoming the new president is small potatoes.
Aoi: Now that the summer tournament is over, we need to start practicing for the fall tournament.
Aoi: And in order to do that properly, we need clear-cut goals. Masaya, do you have any in mind?
Masaya: Of course.
I stand up and face everyone.
Masaya: Our goal for the summer tournament was finishing in the top eight, which we just barely missed...
I point at the tournament bracket sheet that's up on the whiteboard.
Masaya: Way I see it, part of the reason for that is the bad luck we had.
Masaya: In other words, we were definitely good enough to finish much higher. That being the case, I want to set getting top four as our goal. Thoughts?
Madoka: Okay, let's start with Misaki.
Misaki: Huh? Why am I first?
Madoka: Because you met my eyes first... Hey! There's no point looking to the side now!
Masaya: Misaki, just give up already.
Misaki: Uh, okay, sure.
Misaki: Um, I think top four's a good enough goal. Next time, we can aim a little bit higher.
Masaya: Huh, didn't expect you to sound so beat.
Misaki: Hm, I mean, it's kinda hard to stay motivated after what we saw at the summer tournament...
...Yeah, I <i>totally</i> get where she's coming from.
Shindou-san, who seemed unbeatable to us, got demolished. I can't blame her for feeling a little gun-shy after that.
Madoka: Okay, you're up next, Mashirocchi.
Mashiro: I-I... um, agree with Misaki-senpai, I guess.
Masaya: You can voice <i>your own</i> opinion, you know?
Mashiro: Well, it's supposed to be our club's goal, not a personal one, right?
I guess that's true. Plus, Mashiro isn't really in the same league as the top players right now, so it's hard to ask her for more.
Still, it wouldn't kill her to be a little more motivated.
Masaya: Alright, you go next, Prez.
Madoka: Ex-Prez.
Shion: No! I'm still the president at heart!
Masaya: Um, anyway, what do you think, Prez?
Shion: We need to win the whole thing, of course!
Shion: ...Or so I'd like to say, but based on how the summer tournament went, top four in the fall tournament seems reasonable. We can aim for the top next summer instead.
Good job, Prez. You've given the most realistic take so far.
Before I move to the last person, I pause for a moment and take a deep breath.
Masaya: Last but not least, what are your thoughts, Asuka?
Asuka: Yes, I...
Asuka pauses for a moment as if she's gathering her resolve.
Asuka: I want to beat Inui-san.
Masaya: ...I see.
I was trying to confirm if she still felt the same as she did the day after the summer tournament.
Seems she hasn't wavered one bit.
Aoi: Interesting. That'll be tough.
Asuka: Yes, but I still want to try it.
Misaki: Man, you're nuts, Asuka. Can't believe you wanna take on someone that good.
Asuka: Well, I'm sure I'll have to work ridiculously hard to do that, but it feels like it'd be worth it...
Mashiro: I can't even find the motivation to just practice, so that's <i>really</i> impressive.
Masaya: Yeah, maybe you should work on that.
Misaki: Well, even if you crash and burn, you've still got next year's summer tournament.
Aoi: What'd you just say, Tobisawa?
Misaki: Huh? Just that she's got next year's summer tournament too... What, am I wrong?
Aoi: No, that would normally be the case. However, that doesn't apply to Saki Inui.
Mashiro: Why not?
Aoi: She's going international.
Misaki: International...!
Asuka: Oh...!
Aoi: Inui will most likely leave Japan and aim for the top spot in the FC world if she sweeps the fall tournament.
Madoka: B-But that's just your guess, right?
Aoi: Do you really think a Skywalker would stay another year after dominating two tournaments in a row? I doubt it. Especially because she's from overseas already.
Makes sense.
I asked Aoi-san and Shirase-san to look into Kairyou Academy right after the summer tournament.
They couldn't find much, but they did learn that the Avalon Group, an international Grav Shoes manufacturer, is involved in management.
In other words, Kairyou Academy is just a front for an international corporation.
Her playstyle overturns all the existing concepts of FC, and she's backed by a giant company. Add those together, and it's clear that Japan is just Inui-san's starting point.
That's why I'm sure Aoi-san's right on the money.
Aoi: You've all seen how good she is. If you face her with a half-baked approach, she'll crush you.
Shion: What are we supposed to do, then?
Aoi: The new president will explain that. Right, Masaya?
Masaya: Yeah.
I take in everyone's faces.
Masaya: If we wanna beat Inui, I'll have to mainly focus on training a single player.
Misaki: Just one player?
Mashiro: You mean the one who has the best chance to win?
Aoi: That's right. Someone with the necessary skill, talent, and will to win.
Madoka: Training everyone equally won't work?
Aoi: If we had until the next summer tournament, then maybe. But that's not an option, and the fall tournament is approaching fast.
Misaki: In that case...
Misaki speaks up.
Misaki: Asuka's your best bet.
Masaya: Misaki.
Misaki: I mean, she's the only one who reached the third round. Plus, she's the one who actually wants to beat Inui.
Asuka: Misaki-chan...
Madoka: Misaki, are you sure that's fine?
Misaki: Yep!
Mashiro: I-If Misaki-senpai is fine with that, then so am I...
Madoka: I have a question, Ms. Kagami.
Aoi: Shoot.
Madoka: Is it really a good idea to just focus on Asuka-chan?
Madoka: Wouldn't it be smarter to try to finish in the top four?
Aoi: I'm sure you can reach that high with little effort.
Madoka: What...?!
Misaki: You serious?
Aoi: Honestly, Shindou and Inui were in a league of their own during the summer tournament. Defeating them was impossible.
Aoi: But now, Shindou can't compete in the fall tournament, which means at least one of our players should reach the top four.
Mashiro: But first place is a long shot right now?
Aoi: Exactly. It goes without saying that you need to be extremely skilled to win, but other than that, we need someone with the right goal and proper motivation.
And the only player we have that meets all those conditions is Asuka.
Aoi: That's why we have a decision to make right now. We either turn our backs and allow Inui to win, or try to take her down. The former should be pretty simple, but the latter is the hardest road imaginable.
Madoka: Practice'll be tougher than ever if we decide to challenge her, huh?
Aoi: It will. So, what do you say? We can put it to a vote if that's what you prefer.
I run my eyes over everyone's faces.
However, no one seems to be objecting at all.
Asuka: U-Um... Are you sure I'm the right choice?
Asuka asks us that in a bewildered tone.
Masaya: Everyone here's decided to back you, so the decision is yours.
Asuka: Yes... That's true, but...
This is clearly what she wants, but it seems she's worried about having to live up to everyone's expectations.
Aoi: Kurashina.
Asuka: Y-Yes!
Aoi: Have you ever heard about the older Aoyagi's dream?
Asuka: Huh? Prez's dream? No.
Aoi: You heard her. Time to speak up, Aoyagi.
Shion: What...? For real? It's kind of embarrassing to talk about...
Aoi: Doesn't matter. She needs to hear it.
Shion: Okay... Um, err, you see, I've always wanted the Kunahama FC Club to become the regional champions.
Asuka: Oh...!
Misaki: Wooow...!
Mashiro: Whoa...!
Masaya: I didn't know that, Prez...
Shion: Well, it's something I thought of even before the club officially existed. Got laughed at a lot for thinking too far ahead back then...
Aoi: ...But now, that dream just might come true.
Aoi-san smiles at Asuka as she says that.
Aoi: Unfortunately, he has to retire already, but you still have a chance to fulfill his dream before he graduates.
Asuka: All I have to do is win the fall tournament!
Aoi: Right. It's something that has to happen now. We can't wait until the next summer tournament.
Asuka: ...Alright.
Asuka shifts her gaze between Prez and Aoi-san.
Asuka: I'm going to do it!
Then, she makes that bold declaration.
Shion: Kurashina... Thank you. I really appreciate the thought.
Madoka: Oh, <i>come on.</i> It sounds like you don't believe she can do it!
Shion: Ohhh! Right! Kurashina, I believe in you!
Asuka: Ahaha... Thank you. I'll do everything I can!
Aoi: It's decided, then.
With that, Aoi-san gets up.
Aoi: Okay, from now on, the Kunahama FC Club will focus on training Kurashina for the fall tournament.
Aoi: ...That's all for today.
...And that's what happened. Explains why I'm mainly focused on Asuka, right?
I mean, I'm obviously still working with Misaki and Mashiro, but I'm paying a lot less attention to them at the moment.
Which honestly feels a little wrong. I know we made the decision as a team, but I can't help but question if that was really the right choice.
Masaya: Looking good, Asuka.
Asuka: Thanks!
Masaya: Don't you get tired of doing the same thing every single day?
Asuka shakes her head in response to my question.
Asuka: No, not one bit.
Asuka: Repeating the same thing is getting me used to flying, which feels great.
Masaya: I see. Glad to hear it.
Right now, I'm just having Asuka repeat the basics.
It's basically just field flying, High Yo-Yos and Low Yo-Yos for her. I'm making her go over all the same things that total newbies practice.
In baseball, that would be running. In soccer, it would be juggling.
It's probably pretty frustrating that she has to practice like this after competing in a tournament.
But despite that, Asuka never voices a single complaint.
That's pretty damn surprising, and also a bit encouraging.
Asuka: Alright, I'll get back to flying now!
Masaya: Wait, are you sure you don't need a break?
Asuka: Don't worry! Madoka-chan's making sure I don't overwork myself.
Madoka: Yeah, you're still good to go. You've only got another 30 minutes in you, though.
Asuka: Roger! Alright, then. FLY!
Asuka's body goes up almost vertically after she aligns her legs.
Her form keeps her from hitting any air resistance. It's so good that it could be a textbook example.
Madoka: Wow, Asuka-chan's gotten a lot better already.
Masaya: Yeah...
Madoka: In the beginning, even an amateur would've called her clumsy, but she's improved a ton.
She's right. And that's why I keep making her run basic drills.
Asuka managed to win two matches thanks to her extraordinary intuition and reflexes.
But we also couldn't employ very many strategies because her actual technique was fairly limited.
That's why I'm having her practice the basics and master them before moving on. But...
Masaya: She's improving faster than expected...
Madoka: Yep!
The two of us stand there, captivated by the sight of Asuka soaring through the sky.
Her growth is pretty astonishing.
Misaki had the best form in our club less than a week ago, but Asuka has somehow caught up already.
Mashiro: Amazing...
Seems there's another member who's just as stunned as us.
Mashiro: Haaah...
Her eyes are fixated on Asuka.
Masaya: Mashiro...?
Mashiro: Huh?!
Mashiro: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What?! Look, I admit that Asuka-senpai looks <i>really</i> pretty when she's flying, but I haven't cheated on Misaki-senpai or anything!
Masaya: ...Thanks for clearing that up.
She went straight to that without me even mentioning it, which makes me think she has a guilty conscience.
Mashiro: She really is amazing...
Masaya: Yeah.
Mashiro's usually pretty cynical, but her words seem to be filled with genuine admiration right now.
Mashiro: I'm kind of jealous... It looks like she's having a lot of fun.
Masaya: Does it really?
Mashiro: Yeah. She's just doing the same thing over and over, but it looks like she loves every moment.
Mashiro: Watching her makes me wonder how fun it would be if I could fly like her...
Masaya: Then why not just do it?
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: I may be focusing on Asuka, but I still have time to coach you.
Masaya: If you wanna fly like her, I can help.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: Right... Guess I'll get back to practice, then.
Masaya: Sounds good. But first, do a maintenance check on your shoes and make sure everything's fine.
Mashiro: Oh! Right.
After the summer tournament, I taught everyone how to maintain their own Grav Shoes to free up some more of my time.
Asuka and Misaki got the hang of it right away, but Mashiro keeps making mistakes... When she even remembers to check them, anyway...
Mashiro: Let's see, anti-gravity is attuned for Speeders, there are no issues with the brakes, and there are also no alerts.
Masaya: Make sure to turn the balancer back on.
Mashiro: Oh, right, the balancer.
When you tune the anti-gravity of Grav Shoes, you need to turn the balancer off.
After the tuning is done, you need to turn it back on, and forgetful people often miss that step.
...Which results in them floundering around in the air as if they're drowning.
Mashiro: Just the other day, I forgot to do that and ended up spinning around a bunch.
Masaya: Grav Shoes come with a safety mechanism, but you shouldn't just rely on that.
Things could get real bad if she does...
Mashiro: I know that.
Mashiro: Time to fly meowt!
Mashiro's body floats up as she climbs in a far more clumsy manner than Asuka.
Madoka: She seems a lot more motivated than usual.
Masaya: Yeah. Guess Asuka's been a positive influence.
Madoka: Maybe... Too bad she's having the opposite effect on a certain someone else...
I give Madoka a curt nod after I hear that.
Madoka: Come on, Coach. Do something about her.
Masaya: ...Yeah, I really should.
I give her another nod and make my way over to the person in question.
Masaya: Yo!
I walk up to a girl who's sitting away from where everyone else is practicing.
Misaki: What, you here to check on me, Coach?
She casually waves her hand at me, flashes a kind of smile that doesn't suit her, and rises to her feet with an "up we go."
Masaya: You aren't done with your basic drills yet.
Misaki: Hm, guess you could put it that way.
Masaya: How else would I even put it?
Misaki: Hahaha. True.
Her laugh sounds totally fake to me.
Masaya: ...Does it bother you?
Misaki: I already said it doesn't, remember?
Masaya: Sure, but you seem to have lost all your motivation.
Misaki: Really?
Masaya: Does the sight of me focusing on Asuka make you unhappy?
Misaki: Nah. It's real heartwarming, I swear.
Masaya: Misaki.
Misaki: God, I know, okay?! It's pretty damn obvious that I'm sulking right now.
Masaya: If you understand, then get moving. That'll help you feel better.
Misaki: Man, you're a <i>total</i> optimist, huh...? Sorry, that won't work for me.
Masaya: ...Misaki.
Misaki: Asuka's something special. She lost, watched that match where the guy she lost to got dominated, and still hasn't given up.
Misaki mutters that in a quiet tone as she gazes up at Asuka.
Misaki: Look, I promise not to worry anyone by skipping practice, so just leave me alone.
She seems unusually serious right now...
There's probably no point talking to her at the moment.
Masaya: Got it.
Misaki: 'Kay, guess I'll get back to practice... Ready furr liftoff!
Misaki shouts out her activation key in a cheerful tone and shoots straight up into the air.
Misaki: You there! Asukaaa! Quit having fun on your own!
Asuka: Whoa! You up for a dogfight, Misaki-chan?
Since Asuka is done running most of her basic drills, they decide to move to dogfights.
Despite her attitude, Misaki isn't getting in Asuka's way at all, so I can't really complain.
Masaya: Sorry, Misaki.
I honestly feel kinda bad. It almost feels like I betrayed Misaki.
Before the summer tournament, she was obviously Kunahama's best player.
But I still chose to focus on Asuka instead.
Misaki's pretty sharp, so I'm sure she understands why I chose Asuka.
She must understand what she's lacking right now, and that it would take even more work to develop it than what Asuka's putting in at the moment.
Both of us understood that her path to beating Inui-san was a long and hard one.
And that was why she didn't object or complain when I chose Asuka over her.
Masaya: Still, I've gotta clear the air eventually...
Misaki's also extremely talented, so if I don't fix things fast, all her FC skill may go to waste.
Shion: Yo, Hinata! I'm done asking about practice matches.
Prez comes running over from the direction of the main school building, looking really proud of himself.
Masaya: How'd it go?
A grin forms on his face as he hears me say that.
Shion: It went great! Shitou Suisan, Kamidorisha, and Takafuji all accepted.
Masaya: Oh, sweet. Thanks.
Shion: Why are you thanking me? This is only happening because everyone here's improved thanks to your coaching.
Shion: If not for that, they would've totally ignored us!
Kunahama's reputation has definitely skyrocketed after the summer tournament.
We're no longer some club that just barely managed to stay alive. Now, everyone is keeping a close eye on us.
We've even got our pages in some FC fansites.
Shion: Tobisawa and Kurashina are both great. If this keeps up, we'll become a powerhouse in no time!
Masaya: Well, yeah... I guess.
Shion: Why the long face?
Masaya: Why even ask? You already know.
Prez scratches his head after hearing my words.
Shion: ...Well, that's true. I mean, it was pretty shocking.
The grand finals shocked every single veteran Skywalker.
Prez included, of course.
Shion: Still, you shouldn't get depressed over that. Otherwise, you might affect the other members.
Masaya: ...Right. Sorry.
Shion: Well, I'm going to do a couple laps in the sky.
I make my way over to the clubroom to store the documents Prez handed me.
On my way there, I see Asuka engaged in a dogfight.
Watching it makes me feel like I've entered a whole new world.
Rika: Here I come!
Ichinose tries to enter a climb immediately after saying that.
Her plan is to read Asuka's movements and get behind her with a High Yo-Yo.
Asuka: Not on my watch!
But Asuka's reaction time proves to be far faster.
She anticipates Ichinose's play and shifts her posture to dive behind her.
Rika: Ugh...!
Ichinose failed to react in time.
And as a result, the loop she was flying becomes unusable. Unable to maintain her trajectory, she adjusts her course.
Asuka: Oh, an opening!
And that doesn't escape Asuka.
She uses that short moment where Ichinose exposes her back to close the distance and score.
Rika: Eeek!
With that, Asuka's in the lead.
Rika: ...I'm impressed, Asuka-san.
Asuka: Same here. I can hardly keep up with your speed.
Rika: Hehe... Okay, let's try something else.
Ichinose flies over to the second line after she says that.
Rika: This time, you'll start out at a disadvantageous position. Turn around, and I'll go for your back from behind.
Asuka: Whoa, that sounds hard...
Asuka: But getting through that should be tons of fun! Okay, let's give it a go!
Rika: That's the spirit. Ready, set... go!
Asuka: Hm, that wasn't quite right...
Asuka: Let's try that again... There!
Asuka: Oh, yeah, this is it...
Asuka: Okay, one more try should help me remember!
Asuka is practicing all on her own now.
Rika: Asuka-san is improving incredibly fast. I'm impressed.
Ichinose says that with a hint of genuine admiration in her voice.
Rika: It's hard to believe she only started flying a few months ago.
Masaya: I know, right?
Rika: It's still a little hard to accept...
Ichinose heaves a sigh while gazing at Asuka with a look of envy.
Rika: I'm assuming her goal is beating that girl, right?
Masaya: You mean Saki Inui?
Ichinose nods.
Rika: I'm no top player, so I don't want to exaggerate, but...
Rika: It felt like she was far above any of us.
Ichinose has a grave expression on her face as she says that.
Rika: Shindou-senpai was someone that everyone at Takafuji considered untouchable.
Rika: He was someone none could hold a candle to. Someone who would never lose.
Rika: And yet... she completely shattered that belief.
Ichinose pauses for a moment to take a deep breath after saying that.
Rika: It's far harder for us to accept that loss. Understand?
They believed Shindou-san was an unrivaled Skywalker.
It's not hard to get that the Takafuji students who have been by his side this whole time are having a hard time accepting his defeat.
Shindou-san, who always went to the nationals and swept them with ease, lost in a regional tournament. No one would've called that.
It may be true that Shitou players are the best in the country, but that doesn't change that he was the cream of the crop.
Rika: Still, there was something that shocked me even more.
Masaya: Oh? What?
Ichinose flashes a smile in response to my question.
Rika: You can't tell?
Masaya: No... Nothing comes to mind.
Rika: Asuka-san.
...Oh, I see.
Rika: After the final match, I talked to everyone from Kunahama.
Rika: Everyone was either depressed or dumbfounded, but Asuka-san seemed... <i>excited.</i>
Rika: "Rika-chan, Shindou-san's match was <i>really</i> cool, wasn't it? I want to beat Inui-san!"
Masaya: ...She said that to you?
Rika: Yeah. It was pretty shocking. I never expected to see someone that excited after witnessing that match.
Ichinose has a bit of a distant look in her eyes.
Rika: And that's why I want her to succeed. I want her to take revenge for all of us.
Her eyes are those of a fierce predator who's sizing up their prey.
They're looking straight through Asuka, toward the newly crowned champion.
Rika: I'm willing to help out anytime, so feel free to use me.
Masaya: Thanks. I'm sure you'll be a huge help.
I really mean that.
Currently, Asuka is running basic drills during our club's usual practice time. And after that, she runs through some practical scenarios with other people in the evening.
If we just keep this up, she should perform a lot better in official matches.
Masaya: Thing is...
Rika: What's wrong?
Masaya: It's still kinda hard to say she'll win, since Inui-san's <i>really</i> good.
Rika: You have a point... But...
Masaya: Hm?
Rika: It's hard to put this into words, but there's something about Asuka-chan that makes me believe she can pull it off.
Masaya: Huh? Seriously?
Rika: I'm sure you understand. Asuka-san's immeasurable talent will <i>definitely</i> lead her to victory.
Fair enough.
Coaching Asuka has given me the feeling that she's got limitless potential. And that belief is growing by the day...
Rika: That's why we need to believe in her. Otherwise, there's no way she'll win.
I nod in response to Ichinose's words. And right after that, Asuka lands beside us.
Asuka: I'm all done!
Rika: Welcome back. How did it go?
Asuka: I think I've finally got it! I can enter a steep climb from a dive now!
Asuka proceeds to explain how she figured out each individual step in excruciating detail. Damn, she seems <i>really</i> happy.
Can't believe she's not even a bit nervous when her goal is to beat Saki Inui.
Rika: See, Asuka-san can <i>definitely</i> do it.
Asuka: Huh? What are you talking about, Rika-chan?
Rika: Hehe. It's a secret, right, Hinata-san?
Masaya: Y-Yeah...
Asuka: Huh...?
Masaya: Asuka can definitely do it...
I repeat Ichinose's words as I roll around in bed.
Asuka definitely has a lot of room to grow, and she's a real quick study.
But the problem is, her opponent seems no less talented than her.
I can't quite tell who has the higher ceiling, but it's obvious that Inui-san is better at the moment.
Masaya: Guess I've got another sleepless night ahead of me...
I can hear Madoka's worried voice already.
Masaya: Haaah...
I get up off my bed and boot up my PC.
Oh, there's a new article on the summer tournament on this fansite.
It's mainly about the defeat of the strongest Skywalker, Kazunari Shindou, and the new champion, Saki Inui. Figures.
The writer doesn't seem to have grasped the true nature of that match. They're just praising how skilled each of the players were.
But by some stroke of luck, they've given Inui-san a nickname that suits her playstyle perfectly.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Monarch of the Skies... God, that hurts.
It's been a week since the summer tournament.
And I've spent each and every moment either training Asuka or working on strategies for the fall tournament.
Everyone else has been in pretty low spirits, but Asuka's the polar opposite.
As the coach of the Kunahama FC Club, it's my job to train everyone equally and prepare them to place higher in the fall tournament.
That's <i>definitely</i> what I should be doing.
However, Saki Inui's overwhelming strength placed doubt in my heart.
And not just because of how skilled she was. You see, the way she was challenging the very concept of our FC burned me up inside.
I knew if I just let things be, she'd destroy everything I love about the sport.
And so, I chose to focus on Asuka, the single player who wasn't at all disheartened by Inui-san's display.
Because I'm sure she's the only one that can stand up to that monster.
That's why all I can do is place my faith in her and wait.
But...
I still feel uneasy about that decision.
Was it <i>really</i> the right choice? Am I sure Asuka can win?
Those dark thoughts stew inside my head, giving birth to doubts.
For some reason, my dreams are brimming with hope.
They show me standing tall, facing the sky, looking ready to take off.
They show me the pure joy I felt when I got my first pair of Grav Shoes.
There's a huge gap between the sweet emotions I relish inside my dreams and the anxiety I'm riddled with when I'm awake.
Maybe I'm just having these dreams because I'm trying to escape the ever present sense of dread I feel when I'm training Asuka to beat Saki Inui. Or maybe I'm just trying to use them to find hope.
I'm really not sure what the truth is, but I'm still forced to face reality whenever I'm awake.
And so, all I can do is believe.
Because I know there's only one way for Asuka to overcome that monstrous opponent.
Our only option is to make slow, steady progress to try and close the gap between them.
Teacher: ...Amidst that chaos, Yoshimitsu Ashikaga became the Grand Chancellor of State, which made him the highest authority among the military and government. Following that--
Summer break is right around the corner, so there are only a handful of classes each day, and school lets out early.
Right now, I'm in Japanese history.
Masaya: (What to do...)
I'm trying to figure out how to proceed with Asuka's FC practice.
Inui-san's cold expression and Irina-san's smile remain fresh in my mind.
Irina: "You'll understand true FC."
No matter what I try, I just can't shake those words. They left too big of an impression on my mind.
Masaya: (Ugh, I need to forget them and focus... We need to make slow, steady progress or she'll never win...)
I drive away those unnecessary thoughts by shaking my head. Then, I wrack my brain for new ideas.
Just need to focus on what's in front of me...
My ears suddenly start to ring. Man, I know I'm confused, but this seems like a little much...
The sound of a helicopter is reverberating inside my head...
Masaya: (......)
Masaya: (...Hold on, this isn't in my head.)
I look outside the window to spot where the sound's coming from.
And then, I see...
Teacher: Yoshimitsu, however, wasn't content with that and tried to claim the throne. And in order to achieve that, he...
Teacher: He... Huh?
Our history teacher finally looks out the window.
Teacher: ...What the hell is that?
The rest of the students follow his gaze upon hearing him say that.
Male Student A: Huh?! The hell?!
Female Student A: Whoa, why's that thing at our school?
Male Student B: Wait, lemme snap a quick pic. That's <i>totally</i> instagramable!
Teacher: Hey! Keep it down!
The classroom erupts into a cacophony of noise.
Why's a helicopter landing at our school? This makes <i>zero<i> sense!
Masaya: What's this about?
I mean, I'm sure this has nothing to do with me, but...
Masaya: Oh!
Hold on, it can't be?! Why are those two here?!
Masaya: You've gotta be kidding me.
Two all too familiar individuals are standing out on the sports grounds with the wind from the helicopter whipping against them.
Asuka: Masaya-san, that's...!
Asuka calls out to me in a surprised tone. Guess I'm not just imagining things.
Masaya: Yeah...
Saki Inui and Irina Avalon.
There's no way I'd forget the people we're training to defeat.
Asuka: Why are they here?
Masaya: I've got no clue... Though, it's safe to assume it has something to do with us.
They must be practicing for nationals right now.
So why the detour?
Misaki: Man, they're <i>really</i> putting on a show, huh? Wonder what they want...
Madoka: They have to have brought that helicopter for a reason...
The two of them exchange a few words while we watch and speculate.
A couple men in black suits come out of the helicopter and surround them. It seems like they're waiting for someone.
Asuka: Oh, some teachers are out there now.
It doesn't take long for some teachers to go up to them and start a conversation.
A few moments later, the teachers nod several times, then start calling someone. They're probably just phoning the faculty room, I guess.
School Broadcast: This is Kageyama from the Student Council. Um, the teaching staff is currently speaking to the passengers about the emergency landing, and...
They're trying to cover everything up by claiming it was an emergency landing?
Male Student A: Oh, it was just an emergency landing?
Female Student A: Man, I though some VIPs came by to visit.
...Well, that's not totally off base.
Misaki: ...That's a pretty lame cover story.
Asuka: At least it'll keep people from panicking.
Madoka: Yeah, and I doubt anyone other than us would even notice they're lying.
Everyone seems to be calming down now, so whatever works.
School Broadcast: Um, since Ms. Kagami is dealing with the situation, there will be no homeroom for class 2-C today. Students are to head home right after classes end.
Masaya: (Yep. This <i>totally</i> has to do with us.)
The two teachers down there could've dealt with an emergency landing on their own.
Aoi-san's involvement must mean it's FC related.
School Broadcast: Also, Masaya Hinata from class 2-C is to come to the faculty room after school. That's Masaya Hinata from class 2-C.
Asuka: Oh!
Misaki: Figures.
Madoka: Knew it.
Same.
Still, I wonder why they're here? It's <i>really</i> hard to figure them out.
Asuka: Be careful, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Relax. It's not like they're gonna try to kidnap me or anything. I'll go see what they want.
I just hope my guess isn't right, or things could get ugly...
Unfortunately, I'm pretty sure it is.
Aoi: ...Oh, so that's why you're here.
Irina: Yes.
Aoi: Hm...
Aoi: Irina-san, was it? That's quite a gruesome approach. It doesn't really suit your cute face.
Irina: I have question.
Aoi: Yeah?
Irina: I don't understand "gruesome." Please tell me what it mean.
Aoi: I see. You don't know, huh?
Aoi: Well, it basically means... ruthless, dirty, or other things along those lines.
Irina: Oh, I understand. Ruthless very clear to me. It come up in historic plays.
Irina: Oh, but...
Aoi: But?
Irina: ...Weren't you a "gruesome" player when active?
Aoi: Oh...?
Irina: I still remember clearly. The 3rd round of the 5th world championship.
Irina: After reaching third line, you went with play that clip your opponent's wings, knowing it traumatize them.
Aoi: ...I'm surprised you know that much. So what, you're here to follow in my footsteps?
Irina: Oh no, this just greeting. Think of it like cultural exchange.
Aoi: Haha! A cultural exchange, huh? You're really something else.
Irina: Thank you for compliment.
Aoi: And that's all she told me... So, what's the plan?
Masaya: ...Should be obvious. I can't let Asuka face her yet.
Irina-san proposed something rather simple.
A practice match between Saki Inui and Asuka with the exact same rules as an official match.
I was hoping I was wrong, but it seems my fear wasn't unfounded. She's trying to break her opponents' spirit in advance.
Squashing the bud before it blooms, essentially.
Aoi: Yeah, I'd normally be worried about a player losing their motivation, but--
Aoi: Masaya, did you see the look on her face during the grand finals?
Masaya: ...Of course.
Aoi: I see. That's good.
Aoi: I've been involved with FC for a long time, but that was the first time I saw a player look like that in such a depressing situation.
Aoi: Chills ran down my spine when I saw it.
Masaya: ...Same here.
Aoi: Haha. Figured as much.
She laughs a bit before composing herself.
Aoi: She gets more excited based on the strength of her opponent. And that's the number one thing you need to become a top Skywalker.
Aoi: I'm convinced that won't change even if she loses this practice match.
Masaya: Right, but...
Aoi-san's expression turns stern when she sees me hesitate.
Aoi: I get that you're worried about her, but she still has a lot to learn. And the best way for her to gain experience is to face strong opponents.
Aoi: She'll have to face Inui eventually, so why not start now? That's the way you should be seeing this.
I know she's right.
If Inui-san is in tournament shape, the difference in skill between them will be massive.
But confirming that gap will only help Asuka grow.
Because once we know exactly what separates them, we'll learn how to best prepare for the fall tournament. And that's what we need most at the moment.
Masaya: ...Right. This is a great opportunity.
Aoi: Glad you agree. Well, I'll let them know we accept.
Masaya: Thanks.
I bow before moving toward the door, but then stop and turn to face her again.
Something still feels off about all this.
Masaya: Gotta say, this feels <i>really</i> weird.
Aoi: What do you mean?
Masaya: You're not usually the type to just go along with someone else's plans.
Aoi: Yeah?
Masaya: You used to say that the fight begins long before the start of the match, right?
She used to drill that idea into my skull.
In other words, she was saying that preparation is half the battle.
If your opponent gets into your head and you go into a match with a negative mindset, you're starting off with a handicap.
That's why I'm surprised she's readily agreeing to something that may give them the upper hand.
Aoi: Well, I do kind of want to watch Kurashina fight Inui.
Aoi: Besides, it's not like I just agreed to everything. I'll have you know that I shot down her first suggestion right away.
Masaya: Oh? What'd she want?
Aoi: It's not happening, so don't worry about it... Anyway, go prepare for the match now.
Masaya: Got it. What are you gonna do?
She doesn't normally come to watch us practice.
Aoi: I'll watch from a distance and come over if things go south.
Masaya: Oh, okay! Cool...
Aoi: You don't have to look all surprised. I'm your club advisor, so that's my job.
She's right, but it <i>is</i> unusual for her to be this involved.
Guess it just means Inui-san is that special...
Irina: Long time, no see, Hinata-san.
Masaya: ...Yeah.
It's been 30 minutes since my meeting with Aoi-san. Seems the stage is almost set now.
Irina: I wholeheartedly thank you for agreeing to practice match despite short notice.
Irina: Kairyou Academy doesn't interact with other schools, so this our only option. Thank you for being kind enough to play along.
Masaya: Care to tell me what you're after?
Irina: What I'm after...? You mean with this match?
Masaya: Of course.
For whatever reason, they prioritized this practice match over prepping for the nationals.
And I want to know why.
Irina: Um...
Irina: Oh, yes, it to help Saki improve. That's right.
Masaya: ......
Irina: Saki's technical skill still insufficient. And also, she's lacking experience. That's why--
Masaya: ...Fine. Let's just leave it at that.
Irina: O-Oh, okay...?
Masaya: Excuse me. I'm going to go get ready now.
Irina: Of course. I'm looking forward to match.
Irina: ...I can't wait.
Misaki: ...What'd she say?
Masaya: She just dodged around the question, so I'm not sure what they really want.
Madoka: Makes sense.
Mashiro: Are you sure Asuka-senpai will be okay?
Masaya: I get why you're worried, but just trust her a little, okay?
Asuka: I get to fight Inui-san...! I get to face the person who beat Shindou-san...!
Asuka: I'm <i>soooooo</i> excited!
Asuka: Alright, I need to pump up my fighting spirit...! Spirit! Spirit! Spirit!
Masaya: ...See?
Misaki: She's kinda sounding like Prez out there.
Mashiro: She seems nervous <i>and</i> happy at the same time...
Madoka: Do you have some sort of plan?
Masaya: Yeah, I've got an idea already. Just need to discuss it with Asuka.
This isn't a regular practice match.
We have to register as a threat on their radar, or this whole thing'll be pointless.
Now that Asuka's fundamentals have vastly improved, she can put up a good fight. She <i>definitely</i> won't do as well as Shindou-san, but it's still a little soon for that, so I've got no room to complain.
Our only goal here is to do well enough to make them remember us.
Once our preparations are complete, both players and seconds gather on the beach.
Shion: Okay, the practice match between Kairyou Academy and Kunahama Academy will now begin.
Shion: The competitors are Saki Inui from Kairyou Academy and Asuka Kurashina from Kunahama. Prepare to get started after you exchange greetings.
The two of them walk over to Prez, who's serving as the referee, and bow to each other.
Asuka: Let's have a great match!
Saki: ...Mhm.
Last time I saw her was during the grand finals.
Her face and voice are just as expressionless as back then.
I wonder if that poker face is a part of her strategy, or just how she normally is...
Saki: ......
Masaya: Huh?
For a moment, I thought Inui-san was staring straight at me... Guess it was just my imagination.
When I turn to look at her, she walks over toward Irina-san.
Asuka: Wow, she has this <i>really</i> special aura around her!
Asuka is gazing at Inui-san, visibly excited.
Masaya: Listen up, Asuka. We're going with the plan I explained earlier, so don't you dare let her take control of the match.
Asuka: You want me to play just like before, right?
Masaya: You got it.
I told Asuka to just play like before, with a focus on basic techniques.
Asuka: Um, so that means...
Masaya: There's no chance of you beating Inui-san in a race, since she beat Prez and all.
Asuka: In that case, I need to jump to the second line and...
Masaya: You're an All-Rounder. If you can just read and react to her movements in time, keeping up with her should be easy.
All-Rounders usually follow a playstyle like Satouin-san's. They focus on canceling out the strengths of their opponent while trying to also exploit their weaknesses.
However, Asuka's a rare breed of player. She has these mysterious flashes of insight that allow her to pull off unimaginable things.
That's why we need her to remain close to her opponent for as long as possible. That way, she may think of some way to pull out a win.
The more opportunities she has, the more things Asuka can try out.
During the summer tournament, Inui-san would've just shaken her and that would've been the end of their match.
But she's improved leaps and bounds since then, so I'm sure she can keep up.
In other words, this strategy revolves around getting close to Inui-san and throwing things at the wall until something sticks.
Masaya: Start by jumping to the next line. After that, I want you to recall your match with Shindou-san and play the same way. Stick as close to her as you can. If you see a chance, block her path and--
I start to go over our strategy in more detail, but then I notice that Asuka's face has clouded over.
Masaya: Asuka?
Asuka: Oh, yes!
Masaya: Lost in thought? You should <i>really</i> be paying attention right now...
Asuka: Oh, no, I wasn't lost in thought. I was listening, I swear. It's just, um...
...What's wrong?
Does she not understand something or what?
Masaya: If there's something you don't get, I can go over it again.
Asuka: No, it's fine... I understand everything.
Asuka: ...It's just that I'm feeling a little nervous.
Masaya: Oh, yeah, I can imagine.
Who wouldn't be when they're playing against such a unique and skilled Skywalker?
Still, I'm a little surprised she's scared when she seemed so excited a moment ago.
Guess that just goes to show how much pressure Inui-san exerts.
Masaya: All you can do now is try. We have all the time in the world to think things through after this match, okay?

Asuka: Got it!
Oh, she sounds all excited again. Guess I helped kill her nerves.
Shion: Is everyone ready?
Masaya: Yeah.
Irina: We good to go.
Shion: Alright, then position yourself at first.
Masaya: Break a leg, Asuka.
Asuka: Will do!
Asuka and Inui-san fly over to first.
Once they're there, Asuka looks over to her opponent with inquisitive eyes.
Asuka: I'm glad I get to face you.
Saki: Likewise.
I pick up Inui's monotonous voice through the headset.
Seeing that both players are now ready, Prez nods lightly and raises the whistle to his lips.
Shion: Ready, set...!
Masaya: Here we go...
I gulp down my saliva and focus on the match.
Inui-san jets off toward the second buoy with a Low Yo-Yo as soon as the whistle resounds.
Asuka, on the other hand, jumps to the second line. Good, she's following the plan so far.
Misaki: This is all pretty standard... Wouldn't it have been better to follow her to try and throw her off her game?
Mashiro: Yeah... Wait, Inui-san is crazy fast!
Misaki: Huh? Oh, yeah! She hasn't always been that fast, right?
Madoka: I think she's faster than when she fought my brother...
Mashiro: M-Masaya-senpai!
I cover the mic to keep Asuka from overhearing our conversation.
Masaya: She's always been this fast, so calm down. You'll spook Asuka if you freak out around me.
Mashiro: O-Oh, okay...
I did consider the strategy Misaki just suggested, but I opted to go for a more simple playstyle.
That idea may come in handy eventually, but it <i>definitely</i> doesn't suit Asuka right now.
I bring the mic to my mouth.
Masaya: Asuka, relax and take a couple deep breaths once you're in position on the second line. Inui-san should reach you real quick, but don't let that fluster you.
Asuka: Roger!
A few moments later, I hear Asuka breathing in and out.
She's currently circling a quarter of the way down the second line.
Saki: ......
Inui-san touches second, which nets her the first point of the match.
Masaya: ...What?
Asuka: Huh?
Inui-san suddenly disappears.
Asuka: Coach! Where'd Inui-san go?!
Masaya: Look up. She's <i>really</i> high above second.
A 90 degrees quick-turn? Is that some sort of Airkick Turn?
Guess the details don't matter much now.
It's clear she wants a match just like her one with Shindou-san.
Saki: ......
She's looking down on Asuka from high above.
Irina: Very well executed, Saki. Now, move to "Bird Cage" as planned.
I know I'm not supposed to eavesdrop, but Irina-san's so close that her instructions just happen to enter my ears.
Bird cage...? What's that supposed to mean?
Asuka: Coach, what should I do?
Masaya: Relax. She only took the high ground. Don't lose your cool.
Hopefully that's enough to ease her mind... Hm, what could Inui be up to?
She's just floating several meters above second.
Asuka jumped lines, so she can't go for third until she either touches Inui or crosses her path.
The score's sitting at 0:1.
If this keeps up, Inui will win by default.
Kinda feels like Misaki and Ichinose's match all over again...
There's no good reason for a Skywalker who's in the lead to break a stalemate.
And that means we have to make the first move.
...I see. That's why she called it "Bird Cage," huh? They're trying to trap Inui's opponent in a no-win scenario.
Saki: ......
Asuka: ......
Time flows by as the two of them continue to stare straight at each other.
What should we do?
I'm sure she's already prepared for a dogfight.
I want to drag Inui down with a surprising approach, but I can't think of anything that'd be effective...
Asuka: Coach?
Masaya: Have you loosened up enough?
Asuka: Y-Yeah. I'm good to go.
Masaya: This is pretty risky, but it's all we've got.
Asuka: R-Roger!
Masaya: Fly toward second.
Asuka: Not Inui-san?
Masaya: Yep. She's above second, so that'll count as you crossing paths. Once you're near it, react accordingly.
Masaya: If Inui doesn't make a move, touch the buoy and shoot toward third.
Asuka: But she'll definitely try something, right?
Masaya: Yeah. And when she does, do an Airkick Turn and speed away in the opposite direction. I'll give you a signal. You can pull that off, right?
Asuka: Yes, I can! Alright... Here I go!
Asuka proceeds to fly toward second.
Saki: ......
When will Inui swoop down?
I'm sure she plans on using gravity to accelerate, but Asuka can turn faster than Inui can even react at the moment.
Saki: ......
Inui's body slides down smoothly.
The motion feels so natural that it reminds me of a pile of snow slipping off a slanted roof. It's hard to even tell when it began.
Masaya: Now!
Asuka: Roger!
Asuka tucks in her arms and legs, then kicks the air to instantly change the direction she's flying.
Did I give her that signal too late?
She's flying straight down the line, which is the shortest path to the buoy, but that might not be enough to beat Inui.
Everything'll work out great if she manages to touch third, but it'll still be fine if she fails. After all, closing in on Inui is our main goal here.
This is going down to the wire...
Masaya: Try to touch her if you don't think you'll reach the buoy first. Doesn't matter where.
When you're facing an opponent with great form, throwing them off balance is key.
Masaya: Do whatever it takes to drag her into a dogfight.
Asuka: Roger!
Saki: ......
The distance between them closes.
Unfortunately, Inui's nearing third a lot faster than I imagined.
Should've known...
Oh well, this match has only just begun. Can't get down in the dumps over one little battle for the second line.
Saki: ......
She's about to touch third, so...
Masaya: Huh?
Asuka: Huh?
Contrary to my expectations, Inui spins around in front of the buoy and faces Asuka.
Wait, what? She's going for a dogfight even though she's already at the buoy?
What the hell are they doing...?! Ugh, whatever, can't panic now. I need to guide Asuka before she's a goner.
Masaya: Remember, just try to touch her. Doesn't matter where.
Asuka: Roger!
Saki: ......
Inui deflects Asuka's outstretched hand downward.
Asuka: Ah!
That makes Asuka lose her balance, but she somehow manages to move forward anyway.
Saki: ......
Asuka: Ugh!
Asuka's throwing everything she has at her, but Inui's just parrying each and every attack.
Why does this feel so <i>wrong?</i>
How?
How is Inui managing to stay above Asuka even though she's attacking from a lot of different angles?
Usually, both players move about erratically in dogfights, which means their positions swap constantly.
But here, their positions remain fixed as if it's the most natural thing in the world.
Saki: ......
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Asuka's starting to get tired.
...I get it now.
Inui keeps repelling Asuka at the same angle. She's managing to stay above her by sending her down each time.
This is bad! Asuka'll be too tired do anything at this rate!
Masaya: You need to get away from her. Take a deep breath and fly back toward second.
Asuka: R-Roger. Eeek...!
I hear a hint of fear through my headset. That's new.
Masaya: I never would've guessed she'd play like this...
I'm honestly shocked.
Inui sticks to Asuka like white on rice.
Whenever Asuka moves right, she moves right. Whenever she goes left, she goes left.
Somehow, Inui seems to be reading all of Asuka's moves perfectly.
Saki: ......
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...!
And she isn't going for Asuka's back, either. Her whole strategy seems to be centered on tiring her opponent out.
Asuka can't stop moving now. If she does, Inui will easily score multiple points.
That's why she's flying around in a desperate attempt to shake her.
Asuka: Masaya-san...!
Asuka calls for my help in a troubled tone.
Masaya: U-Use feints! Also, move up and down, not just left and right. I'm sure you'll find a chance to escape if you keep that up!
Asuka: N-No! That won't work!
Masaya: What?!
Asuka: No matter where I go... Inui-san is always there.
Seems Asuka knows she has no real options.
Humans tend to make subtle gestures before moving in any way.
For instance, when a person tries to jump up, they push down to help gain momentum.
Inui's most likely reading all those signs to mirror Asuka's movements.
Asuka: There's... no way out!
Masaya: Ugh!
"Bird cage."
Like the name suggests, they've formed a prison that cuts off movement in every direction. Asuka is trapped.
Mashiro: ...This is disgusting.
Mashiro practically squeezes out those words, her voice full of blatant disdain.
I get it. She's probably realized the situation Asuka's in, and being unable to move in any direction is pretty damn gross.
Madoka: Huh? Can't she just, like, slip out with some cool move? Usually, Asuka-chan would just, you know, swoosh up or down or something.
Misaki: Sure, that'd work on any other opponent...
Madoka: Oh...
Misaki: But Inui's reading Asuka like a book. No matter what she does, there's no chance of her getting away.
I knew Misaki would understand.
Still, I can't just sit back and watch her lose. There has to be something I can do to help!
Masaya: Let's try to fake her out, Asuka. Make it seem like you're going for a Low Yo-Yo, but then after you've dropped down, do an Airkick Turn to enter a rapid climb.
Asuka: R-Roger!
If this works, Inui will think she's going for a Low Yo-Yo and swoop straight down to try and catch her prey.
Then, all Asuka has to do is exploit that mistake and get away before Inui can change directions.
It's the exact same thing Shindou-san tried to do in the summer tournament.
Back then, there was a fair amount of space between the two of them, which gave Inui time to figure out his plan and counter it by getting above him.
But now...
Asuka: ......
Saki: ......
Asuka and Inui are right next to each other. There's no way she can react in time. I'm sure this'll work!
Once Asuka pulls it off, things should be looking up.
It'll help her build some much needed confidence, since this match seems to have worn her down mentally.
And who knows how this match'll turn out after that!
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka shoots down with her arms pressed against her sides. Good, she's pulling this off perfectly. I'm sure they're none the wiser.
Inui responds to that by copying her trajectory.
Asuka: Now!
Asuka rockets up with an Airkick Turn!
Masaya: Sweet!
Her timing was perfect! Take that, Inui!
Saki: ...I won't let you escape.
Asuka: Oh no!
...All our hope turns to despair.
Inui's descent was fake. She knew <i>exactly</i> what we were going for.
How?!
Sure, Airkick Turns have a pretty long windup, but there's no way she could've reacted that quickly...
She had to have known all along.
But how? How'd they figure out our plan right away?!
Asuka: Eeek... Oh no...
In the end, nothing's changed. Their relative positions are the same as before.
Masaya: I can't believe it...
I'm dumbfounded by the display of skill Inui is putting on.
Masaya: This is nuts...
I was naive. So very naive.
And I only understand that now.
Based on what I saw in the summer tournament, I assumed Inui was still playing standard FC.
Sure, her strategy was unorthodox, but I thought she was still adhering to all of FC's core principles.
But I was <i>way</i> off base.
Inui is trampling our very concept of FC.
To her, this sport isn't even about scoring points. Instead, she's trying to dominate her opponent by controlling the flow of movement in the air.
And nothing about that fits into our current mindset.
It seems the only way to beat Saki Inui is to throw aside all our current FC knowledge.
Masaya: So this is the Monarch of the Skies...!
That title seems more fitting than ever right now.
Irina: One minute left, Saki.
Saki: Understood.
Irina: Stay focused until last second. Understand?
Saki: Yes, Irina.
I overhear that exchange and begin to grit my teeth.
Is there... Is there <i>really</i> nothing we can do?!
Masaya: This is just...
I clench my fists and glare up at Inui.
Masaya: This is just a slow, painful death.
Time keeps ticking away. Then, finally--
Shion: Th-The match is over!
The final score is 1:0.
She's dominated in a single point victory yet again.
Saki: Thank you for the match.
Asuka: ...No, thank you.
They return to their respective camps after exchanging those pleasantries.
Masaya: Asuka...
Asuka: ......
Asuka's just standing there, her face as pale as a ghost.
Madoka: Asuka-chan...
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai...
She sits down on one of the chairs we have out, casting her gaze down in an attempt to avoid all the worried glances.
I can't fault her for being all depressed after that loss.
Asuka's been working her ass off lately, so I figured she could at least keep up with Inui. However, the gap between them seems wider than ever now.
I knew she wasn't good enough yet, but I at least wanted to believe Asuka was catching up... How'd everything go so wrong?
Irina: That was fantastic!
Those untimely words resound in a cheerful tone. Ugh, talk about bad taste...
Irina: It was really great match! Saki learn a lot. Thank you.
Masaya: Ugh...!
Is she mocking us?! We were just puppets dancing on her strings...
She planned all this to kill Asuka's motivation, even going as far as to give their strategy that humiliating name, and now she dares to call it a "great match"?!
I should just...
Masaya: Look...
Yeah, I'll just chew her out. She <i>definitely</i> deserves it.
But...
Misaki: ...Cut the bullshit.
Irina: Pardon me?
Misaki, who's been silent this whole time, makes her displeasure clear.
Masaya: Cool it, Misaki.
Misaki: No!
Misaki: ...Sorry, Masaya. I can't hold back anymore. Just lemme say my piece.
Irina: Is there some issue?
Irina-san looks confused.
Misaki: You've got some nerve to say that after coming all the way out here to traumatize her!
Irina: ......
Misaki: You just scored one point, then messed around with her the whole time. What the hell was that about?
Masaya: Misaki...
I try to stop her, but she's clearly not paying attention to me at all.
Misaki: You proud of winning like that?! Must be, since you're going on about it being a "good match" and shit!
Misaki: At this rate... Asuka will...
Misaki's voice is rather hoarse.
She's probably frustrated because she understands <i>exactly</i> how Asuka feels.
However...
Irina: Misaki Tobisawa.
Misaki: ...Wh-What?
Irina: What else was I supposed to say?
Misaki: W-Well...
Irina: "That sure was an overwhelming victory for us, wasn't it?" "Wow, you were utterly powerless before us, weren't you?" "I have to say, you played right into our hands." Would you prefer those?
Irina: I do feel bad about springing match on you... But that's why I try to end on friendly note.
Misaki: Ah...!
Misaki falls silent.
That's probably a good thing. At this point, we'll just sound like sore losers if we keep complaining.
It's not like they cheated or anything, so we've got no leg to stand on.
Besides, I'm sure she's noticed that Irina-san is utterly unfazed by her rant.
Irina: ...Let me rephrase words.
Irina-san begins speaking in a calm, collected tone.
Irina: Hinata-san, I tell you I would show true FC, yes?
Masaya: ...Yeah.
Irina: But to me, it look like you playing different sport.
Masaya: Ugh! What'd you just...?
Irina: It great fun to watch that different sport, but when we have our next match, I want you to play <i>our</i> FC.
...A different sport.
She isn't wrong. Inui and Asuka were playing in such different ways that it was hard to notice anything similar about them.
However, the way she's saying that makes my blood boil.
Irina: Well then, we excuse ourselves now. Saki.
Saki: Yes.
Irina: Let's go.
Saki: Yes, Irina.
They're about to leave, but I can't just let things end like this...
Masaya: Hold up, Irina-san.
And so, I calm myself down a little and call out to stop them.
Irina: Yes?
Masaya: You outplayed us in every way. I'll admit that.
Irina: I see. Good.
Masaya: And I know we probably just seem like ants to you, but...
Masaya: But...
I glare at the two of them as I continue.
Masaya: ...But we still have our own wings. So watch out, 'cause someday soon we'll fly right up to you and...
Masaya: ...knock you out of the sky.
Misaki: Masaya...
Misaki says my name in a shaky tone after hearing my speech.
I'm sure my speech came off rather aggressive, so that makes sense.
Irina: Hehe...
Irina-san, however, merely chuckles lightly and puts on her usual friendly smile.
Irina: I knew it.
Masaya: Huh?
Irina: You... very interesting. Or rather...
Irina: ...very amusing.
Masaya: ......
Irina: ...I look forward to that day. We see you then.
With that, they take their leave.
And no matter how I try to deny it, I know everything went according to their plan.
Eventually, I hear the sound of a helicopter again.
I look over to it and watch as it recedes into the distance.
Masaya: We're gonna beat you, I swear it...
I say that while clenching my fists so tight that they hurt.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: ......
Seems Misaki's also been staring up at it.
Gotta say, that serious expression on her face <i>definitely</i> doesn't suit her.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: ...Hey, Misa--
I want to calm her down, but...
Misaki: Aggghhh!
Masaya: Whoa!
Misaki lets out a loud scream, which effectively drowns my words out.
Misaki: God, what the hell'd I say? Seriously, what's wrong with me?!
Misaki: Sorry for jumping the gun and picking a fight, Masaya.
Masaya: U-Uhhh...
Misaki: I know that was a bit much, but I just couldn't hold it in any longer...
Misaki: What should I do? Think I pissed her off? She's rich, so she can <i>definitely</i> afford a couple bombs, yeah? Sure hope she doesn't drop a few on us tomorrow...
Masaya: ...Haha!
Her rant did seem a little odd, but now it all makes sense.
She did that to keep me from going on a tirade.
She was worried about me endangering my position as the coach. Plus, she knew the sight of me getting angry would hurt Asuka.
She was looking out for the entire club this whole time.
There's no way she would've gotten that emotional otherwise.
Masaya: Misaki.
Misaki: Yeah?
Masaya: ...Thanks for being so considerate.
I give her a light pat on the head.
Misaki: What?
Then, I walk over to Asuka.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: ......
Asuka is still looking straight down at the ground.
I can't make out her expression right now, but she's obviously depressed.
What should I say to cheer her up?
Masaya: Sorry, Asuka. I messed up. That loss is on me.
I frantically search for the right words.
Masaya: Why don't you head home and get some rest? We can pick this back up tom--
Asuka: ...Ugh!
Masaya: Asuka?
Asuka: I feel <i>soooooooooooooooooo</i> frustrated!
Masaya: Huh...?
Asuka: How'd that happen?!
Masaya: Asuka...
Asuka: I can't believe it! She wiped the floor with me!
Asuka: I was like a deer in headlights the whole time... Amazing. That was a <i>really</i> useful lesson!
Asuka: It's good to know there's someone that incredible out there.
Asuka: I'm going to have to work a lot harder to beat her in the fall tournament!
Asuka: H-Huh...? Is something wrong, Masaya-san?
Masaya: No, um...
I'm so confused.
How can Asuka react like this?
Misaki and I both lashed out at Irina-san because we were frustrated by their actions.
But somehow, Asuka's turned that very same sense of frustration into a positive, motivational factor.
Seriously, she's crazy. I could never do something like that.
Asuka: U-Um... Masaya-san?
Which makes me think...
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Y-Yes!
Masaya: ...We'll beat them next time.
I extend my hand toward her as I say that.
Masaya: You can do it... I know you can!
Asuka: Oh...
Asuka: Thanks!
Asuka grips my outstretched hand and uses it to pull herself to her feet.
And after that, we just end up gazing into each others' eyes.
Mashiro: ...Are you two done now?
Masaya: Whoa!
Asuka: M-Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Could you please not react like you forgot I was here?
Mashiro clears her throat after she says that.
Mashiro: Um, Masaya-senpai. I have a suggestion.
Masaya: A suggestion...?
What, is she gonna say we should flirt on our own time?
Mashiro: I've talked to Misaki-senpai and--
Misaki: Yeah, Mashiro <i>really</i> wants you to stop flirting around her.
Masaya: What?!
Mashiro: No! That's not it... Well, she's telling the truth, but that's not what I'm trying to say.
...Seriously?
Mashiro: You see, um, it's about the fall tournament...
Mashiro: We want to help Asuka-senpai. Involve us in her special training!
Masaya: H-Huuuh?!
Asuka: Really?
That's, um...
That'd <i>definitely</i> give Asuka a leg up.
But it'd also probably hurt their chances of placing high in the fall tournament.
Masaya: Well, I'm not gonna say no, but... you sure about this?
Mashiro: I mean, I <i>do</i> want to improve and do better at the fall tournament.
Mashiro: But honestly, Asuka-senpai's revenge match feels more important.
Misaki: Yep. Same here. That's why she's telling you to use us.
Mashiro: R-Right... So, what do you say?
Masaya: ......
I'm amazed by how much they care about Asuka and the rest of the club.
Masaya: Mashiro.
Mashiro: Yeah!
Masaya: I'll take you up on that offer. Thanks.
Mashiro: Y-You're welcome...
Masaya: Same to you, Misaki.
Misaki: Mhm... Asuka's repping Kunahama, so we've gotta make sure she doesn't embarrass us out there.
She sounds awfully happy, but I'm sure Misaki's got some conflicting emotions on the matter.
That's why all I can do is respect the courage it took for her to make that decision.
Asuka: A-Are you two really, <i>really</i> sure?
Misaki: Asukaaaaaa!
Asuka: Yes? Whoa!
Misaki: You better knock them dead, girl!
Asuka: I-I will! I promise I will, s-so stop touching my breasts!
Misaki: Oh, you mean these puppies?
Asuka: Eeek!
Mashiro: Grrr...!
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i> I'm not even looking!
...Anyway, I'm just glad it turned out alright.
I mean, sure, that match messed me up real good, but at least Asuka's doing fine.
How can we defeat Inui? How do I even begin to formulate a winning strategy? I've honestly got no clue.
But one thing's for sure, I've got my work cut out for me.
Masaya: Still...
Misaki: Oh, come on, Asukaaa! No running awaaay!
Asuka: N-No, I have to run!
Mashiro: Chase me instead, Misaki-senpai!
I get the feeling that everything'll work out in the end.
For whatever reason, gazing at those three makes me think that practice match was a huge help.
Masaya: ...Okay. I've just gotta get to work.
First, I need rearrange Asuka's training regimen.
And after that, there's a bunch of stuff I need to look into.
Madoka: What a relief... I was worried things would go south.
Shion: ......
Madoka: Huh? What's the matter, Shion?
Shion: Hic...
Shion: Waaaaaaaaaaaah!
Madoka: H-Huh?! Shion, why're you crying?! Seriously, calm down!
Shion: Listen, Madoka, I'm the luckiest man in the world!
Madoka: Huh?
Shion: All the members are sharing in the joy, anger, and tears that come with competing in FC... This is the kind of club I've always wanted...
Madoka: Shion...
Shion: This makes my struggle to keep the club alive worth it!
Shion: I have to do everything I can to support them! Yeaaah, I'm burning with energy!
Madoka: ......
Madoka: ...I see.
Madoka: You've wanted teammates like them for so long.
Madoka: But they only showed up in your last year at this school. It's no wonder you're sad.
Shion: Ugh... Whyyyyyy!
Madoka: Go on, let it all out... Hic... God, now I'm tearing up a little...
Madoka: This marks a fresh start for the Kunahama Academy FC Club.
With that, our involvement with Inui and Irina-san ends for the time being.
That said, they're still at the forefront of my mind.
The next day, I change the schedule and decide to start off with an anti-Inui strategy meeting.
Masaya: I've called you all out here for one specific reason.
Misaki: Wow, how mysterious!
Mashiro: I know, right? It almost feels like we're part of some shadowy cabal.
Madoka: Does that mean I get to be the sexy secretary?
Shion: I'll be the beefcake bodyguard.
Asuka: I-Is this what you mean by strategy?
Masaya: Guys, cool it.
Misaki: Fiiine! You have my ear.
Mashiro: Well, I'm <i>all</i> ears.
Masaya: Seriously...
Madoka: You sure you don't need a sexy secretary?
Masaya: Positive!
What happened to the serious atmosphere from yesterday?
...Well, this is still <i>way</i> better than seeing them all depressed, so I can't complain.
Masaya: Look, let's just move on.
I'm sure they already know what we're here to discuss.
We need to find a way to overcome Saki Inui's dominant playstyle.
Masaya: Way I see it, we should analyze her playstyle and adopt the things that work best.
Misaki: Wait, you're saying we should abandon <i>our</i> FC?
Masaya: Well, that's just one option.
I turn to face Asuka.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Y-Yes. What is it?
Masaya: How'd you feel during yesterday's match?
Masaya: Can you think of any way to counter her? Give us your honest opinion.
Asuka: My honest opinion?
Madoka: Of her brand of FC, obviously. Don't go telling us who you have a crush on or anything, you hear?
Asuka: M-Madoka-chan?!
Masaya: Prez.
Shion: Yeah!
Masaya: I think it's time for Madoka to logout.
Shion: Oh, okay!
Madoka: Huh? Wait, what's that supposed to mean?
Shion: Time to go for a walk, Madoka.
Madoka: Huh?! What're you doing, Shion?! Put me down! Heeey!
Misaki: Weird, Madoka's a lot cuter now. Did she finally hit puberty?
Mashiro: Yeah, she's <i>way</i> better now. It's just too bad that her skin's blue.
Madoka: Oh, <i>come on!</i> There's no way you like that thing more than me! It's just a teddy bear!
Masaya: It's good that she's learned to be less silly. I hope Madoka stays like this forever.
Asuka: U-Um, I'm starting to feel sorry for her... Can we let her back in?
Masaya: Well, if that's what you <i>really</i> want.
Madoka: Does what I want not matter?!
Masaya: Bingo.
Madoka: I can't believe you just said that so quickly!
Madoka: Coach, I'm sorry. I'll never do that again, I swear. Please let me back insideee!
Masaya: Fine... Prez, unlock the door.
Shion: Gotcha.
Madoka: Haaah... I-I was ...
Masaya: Zip it, or I'll have him take you a lot farther away.
Madoka: Eeek! No, please don't...
Misaki: I miss teddy bear Madoka already!
Mashiro: Same here!
Madoka: Guys, that <i>really</i> hurts...
Masaya: Okay, that's enough. Let's get back to business.
Thanks to Madoka, we got totally off track. Or maybe it's better to say we changed tracks entirely...
Guess I should ask her again.
Masaya: So yeah, Asuka, what'd you notice during the match?
Asuka: Well, um, er...
Asuka: Honestly, I can't think of anything helpful.
Masaya: In other words, you were powerless, right?
Asuka: Basically, yeah.
Gotta say, the name "Bird Cage" is <i>totally</i> on point.
I just can't believe they're going with a strategy that revolves around blocking off every possible escape route. That's <i>really</i> hard when both competitors are flying freely through the sky.
Asuka: Um, I don't know much about strategy, or well, I have a hard time coming up with my own strategies, but...
Asuka: I feel trying to copy her playstyle is a mistake.
Masaya: Huh?
I'm surprised she reached that conclusion on her own.
Asuka: U-Um, is that a bit of a stretch?
Masaya: No, go on.
Asuka: Okay... Well, um, it feels like Inui-san has spent a lot of time perfecting her playstyle.
Asuka: So I don't think there's enough time for me catch up by copying her.
Asuka: Instead, it would be better to figure out what suits me best.
Asuka: I-I'm sorry. I know I'm probably wrong here...
Masaya: I see...
Asuka's approach is actually the smarter one.
There's nothing wrong with studying Inui's playstyle, but trying to master it in two months is insane.
Compared to that, focusing on what Asuka's already good at and trying to improve it is the much better idea.
Masaya: Okay, we'll go with your plan.
Asuka: Huh?! Really?
Masaya: Yeah, but...
If we go with that plan, we'll have to have her master a unique playstyle.
She'll only ever manage to break through that cage with a Fighter's skills.
She needs to learn to mix calm, rational decisions with her animal instincts and reflexes.
And that's easier said than done. Besides, can she even manage that when her only training partners are the other members of our club?
Masaya: With just those three, it'll be... Hold on.
Misaki, Mashiro, and Prez.
I realize something as my gaze wanders over everyone's faces.
Yeah, this could <i>totally</i> work!
Masaya: Okay...
Now I've just gotta figure out how to put it into practice.
Masaya: Haha...!
Asuka: Something wrong, Masaya-san?
Masaya: No, it's nothing.
Masaya: No, it's just, this is <i>really</i> starting to feel like something straight out of a sports show.
Asuka: Huh?
Misaki: What, you think of something?
Mashiro: Probably something lewd based on that laugh...
Madoka: Boss, take a <i>good</i> look at, mhh, these documents here... See, I'm <i>totally</i> the perfect sexy secretary!
Madoka: Ouch! Hey, how come I'm the only one who got hit!
Masaya: It's 'cause you've been warned already.
Madoka: That's no fair.
Masaya: Uh, it <i>definitely</i> is. Now quiet, or I'll whip out the teddy bear again.
Madoka: A-Anything but that!
Misaki: No way, you're saying...
Mashiro: ...you want us to...
Shion: ...assault Kurashina at the same time?!
Masaya: ...Wow, you guys are in sync already. Nice.
Though Prez's part of that line sounds <i>really</i> wrong.
Masaya: Listen, just trust me, this is for the best.
I know for a fact that Inui has no blind spots.
And that means she'll turn the tables on attacks from any possible angle.
So, what other options do we have left?
Masaya: I can't think of any way to break out of that Bird Cage from yesterday.
Relying on pure speed isn't an option, and every other idea I have seems flimsy at best.
Masaya: So, the only thing that comes to mind is to shape Asuka into the perfect weapon for one-on-one scenarios.
Shion: In other words, you want her to play like a Fighter?
Masaya: Yep.
I start sketching on the whiteboard after confirming that idea.
Masaya: Inui's insane reflexes and absurd agility allow her to react to an opponent's movement at a moment's notice.
Masaya: Unfortunately, we don't have anyone who can play like her to help Asuka prepare. However...
I add three arrows that are pointing toward the Asuka on the whiteboard.
Masaya: If you guys attack her in quick succession, we can create an artificial version of Inui's Bird Cage.
Masaya: ...So yeah, that's the plan.
Asuka: I'm going to fight you all at the same time...
Asuka seems confused by the idea.
Makes sense, since this <i>does</i> seem pretty crazy. Almost makes me wonder if I'm going too far.
But I know I'm not. After all, Inui's playstyle is the most unique thing I've ever encountered.
And so, we need to pull out all the stops to climb to her level.
Masaya: Well, what do you guys think?
I glance at everyone's faces.
Misaki: What great strategy this. That sure put Saki in bind, yes.
Masaya: That's <i>really</i> annoying, Misaki.
Plus, it's a pretty bad impression of Irina-san. Her Japanese is mostly fine.
Misaki: I say, I could go for a spot of tea, gents.
Masaya: Enough! Don't make me turn you into a teddy bear!
Why the hell is she pulling a Madoka?
Misaki: Oh, <i>come on,</i> you can't blame me here. This is starting to feel like something straight out of a sports manga.
Masaya: True.
Mashiro: But we're going through with that plan anyway, right?
Masaya: We are. It's the only way Asuka'll ever beat her.
Shion: ...Right. We need a monster to beat a monster.
Madoka: Oh, you mean we need something like a ghost?
Misaki: I dunno, can't say I really wanna kill Asuka...
Asuka: Yeah, I don't want to die, either...
Mashiro: Don't worry, a ghost is <i>way</i> too weak. We'll probably need an alien!
Asuka: H-How would you even turn me into an alien?!
Masaya: Seriously, stop! I'll iron out the details later, but it's safe to say you're all in, yeah?
Shion: You got it!
Misaki: Yessiree, Bob!
Mashiro: Roger, Dodger!
Masaya: Okay. We'll now commence Operation Ultimate Asuka Kurashina!
Asuka: I-I'll do my best to unleash my potential!
Masaya: Okay, I'll assign your roles and positions now.
Misaki/Mashiro/Shion: Sounds good!\nGotcha!
Misaki: Sounds good!
Mashiro: Sounds good!
Shion: Gotcha!
Prez and Mashiro are Speeders, while Misaki is a Fighter.
We'll need to find the best way to use their differing skillsets in unison.
Masaya: Okay, Misaki.
Misaki: Yeah?
Misaki's an extremely agile Fighter.
And that means she's the perfect Inui stand-in. Out of the three of them, she's the one who'll directly confront Asuka.
Masaya: Misaki, focus on blocking Asuka's path.
Misaki: 'Kay. Can do.
Masaya: Make sure she hates the sight of you by the end of this.
Asuka: Eek!
Misaki: Oh? Sounds fun. Heh...
Asuka: P-Please go easy on me, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: I dunno, maybe I'll just go and spill what I learned during our girls night-- Mgh!
Asuka: Nooo! You can't! I won't let you!
Asuka leaps toward Misaki and covers her mouth with her hand.
I wonder what she told them...
Misaki: ...You just gulped down a big ol' batch of saliva, didn't you?
Masaya: Did not. Anyway, that's not what I meant.
Masaya: ...I'm pretty sure you already knew that, though.
Misaki: Heh... Fine.
Asuka: Oh...!
Misaki's personality makes her pretty damn unpredictable, but she should still serve as a good challenge for Asuka.
The crucial part comes now.
Masaya: Mashiro.
Mashiro: Y-Yeah.
Mashiro's a Speeder, so she's not really the best at blocking an opponent's path.
Luckily, I can make use of her experience as a Fighter. She should do fine if I just make her support Misaki.
Masaya: Can you try to be on the opposite side of Asuka? You know, like, try to sandwich her between you and Misaki.
Mashiro: Um, can you elaborate?
Masaya: You a good cook?
Mashiro: I guess I'm okay... Wait, what does that have to do with anything?
Masaya: Um, well... Do you understand the relationship between planets and fixed stars?
Mashiro: I mean, I obviously know what stars are, but... what are fixed stars?
...Figured.
Shouldn't have brought up terms like that. They're only really useful when talking to astronomy buffs.
Masaya: Okay, forget that term, it's not important. Just imagine Misaki's the sun.
Misaki: For real? Sweet! I know I'm hot, but this is something <i>totally</i> new!
Mashiro: <i>Of course</i> you're the sun, Misaki-senpai! The whole world revolves around you!
Masaya: Listen, I'm not done yet. Asuka's Earth and you're Mars.
Asuka: I'm Earth... That's <i>so</i> cool!
Misaki: Man, Mashiro kinda got the short end of the stick, huh?
Mashiro: How could you! Make me Earth instead!
Masaya: Calm down, I'm just giving you an example. Quit lashing out over every little thing.
I swear, none of them have a patient bone in their body.
Masaya: You know that all the planets in our solar system have a fixed orbit with the sun as the center, right?
Mashiro: Huh...?
Damn it... Guess we'll have to help her study before the next exams.
Masaya: I'm saying that they're all following the line of a circle.
Mashiro: O-Oh! Now I get it. Okay.
Masaya: Good. I want you two to surround Asuka like that. And also...
Mashiro: Yeah?
Masaya: Asuka'll naturally end up having her back to Mashiro while you're doing that.
Misaki: Mhm.
Asuka: I'll be focusing on Misaki-chan, so yes.
Masaya: Right. That's why I want her to attack you from behind.
Mashiro: From behind?
Misaki: Wow, Mars is gonna crash straight into Earth.
Mashiro: O-Oh no, what are we going to do!
Masaya: Forget that example already!
Bringing up that idea was clearly a mistake.
Guess only boys are really into space trivia.
Masaya: Listen, Mashiro, just keep a close eye on them, then go for Asuka's back when her guard's down.
Mashiro: Got it!
Phew... Glad that's done.
Now, last but not least...
Shion: My turn! I'm ready!
Prez is a huge problem.
He's only really good at racing straight toward buoys, so there's not much use for him in dogfight practice.
Let's see, the best way to use him is...
Masaya: Prez, I want you to fly up and down near Asuka.
Shion: Gotcha. How should I attack her?
Masaya: Same as Mashiro. If you see an opening, touch her as you fly by.
Shion: Gotcha!
I'm glad Prez doesn't need some long-winded explanation.
Though I bet the conversation would stretch on for hours if I used muscles as an example.
Masaya: Well, let's get started. Feel free to take a break if any of you ever get tired.
Asuka: U-Understood!
Misaki: Yessiree, Bob!
Mashiro: Roger, Dodger!
Shion: Gotcha!
I turn to Madoka after hearing their replies.
Masaya: Madoka.
Madoka: What do you need?
Masaya: Can you keep an eye on them?
Madoka: Sure, you going somewhere?
Masaya: Yeah. I've got something I need to confirm.
Madoka: Oh?
Aoi: I see. You're trying to make her a Fighter leaning All-Rounder.
Masaya: ...Is that a bad idea?
Aoi: No. I probably would've done the same thing in your shoes.
That's a relief.
Hearing her say that fills me with confidence.
Aoi: But even if that helps her break out of the Bird Cage, what will she do after that?
Masaya: I have something in mind.
Aoi: Oh?
Masaya: I'm still working out the kinks, though. Think I'll discuss it with Asuka after she graduates from dogfight practice.
Aoi: And you won't let me in on your secret until that time comes, huh?
Masaya: Right... Sorry about that.
Aoi: Don't apologize. You're making the right choice here. There's no point talking to me about it until you have an actual plan.
I know she's trying to encourage me, but I can't help but feel nervous.
I mean, her question is perfectly valid. There's no point breaking out of the Bird Cage if we can't go on the offense after.
I need to solidify my plan as fast as possible.
But to do that, I'll have to wait and see how Asuka grows. Making a plan of attack without taking her skills into account would be silly.
Aoi: Well, I'm sure you'll be fine. Just do what you think is best.
Masaya: Thanks.
Aoi: I'll be there to pull you back if you go too far, so don't hold back. Right now, half-assing it is the worst option.
Aoi: There's no way you'll beat those two if you do.
Wow, even Aoi-san seems to hold them in high regard. Just goes to show that Inui and Irina-san are actual threats.
I've gotta work my ass off to beat them...
Aoi: Oh, Masaya...
Masaya: What's up?
Aoi: Is Kurashina getting along with the others?
Masaya: Huh? Yeah, of course.
Honestly, it feels like she's the one who's bringing us all together.
I tell Aoi-san as much, even.
Aoi: I see... Look, just don't forget about the other members, okay?
Masaya: Y-Yeah, that goes without saying.
What's she trying to say?
We're finally all working together with a single goal in mind. And that's made us closer than ever. I <i>really</i> don't see the problem here...
Masaya: I'm back... Wait, why are you outside?
Madoka: Oh, welcome back. They're changing in there, so I'm keeping watch.
Masaya: I see.
This reminds me of the time I accidentally saw them changing...
Yeah... Maybe imagining that's not such a good idea.
Madoka: You still owe me, my friend...
Masaya: Ugh...
Madoka: I have a feeling our relationship'll be a long, fruitful one.
...She still remembers?
Masaya: Don't make me log you out again!
Madoka: Oh, <i>come on!</i> You owe me two now, so quit being so mean!
Masaya: Yeah, yeah... More importantly, how'd practice go?
Madoka: Oh, right.
Madoka: Boss, mh, I'll give you my report on today's practice mhh...
Masaya: Cut that out already.
Madoka: Tch... I <i>really</i> liked being a sexy secretary, though.
...She's gotta be kidding.
Masaya: Look, just tell me how it went.
Madoka shakes her head, looking rather dejected.
Madoka: Well, it was a <i>huge</i> mess. Asuka-chan got mauled the whole time. She couldn't do anything.
Masaya: ...Figured.
It would've been pretty scary if she was doing well on her first try.
Though, for whatever reason, I feel like Misaki'd pull that off pretty easily.
Madoka: Apart from that, I saw some of the others moving in weird ways. You think it's because we're trying something new?
Masaya: Huh? What do you mean?
Madoka: Mashirocchi was floating around like an astronaut in space.
Masaya: ...Madoka. That <i>is</i> something normal for her. Not that that makes it any less of a mistake, though.
Madoka: Oh, really?
I'm guessing she did the smart thing and changed her Grav Shoes settings from Speeder to Fighter at some point.
But, forgetful as she is, she probably forgot to switch the balancer back on.
Maybe I need to go over maintenance with her again...
Masaya: I'll tell her to be more careful. So, you notice anything else?
Madoka: Hm... Not really?
Madoka: Oh, except...
Masaya: Hm?
Madoka looks both pleased and exasperated. Odd.
Madoka: Asuka-chan didn't complain even once.
Masaya: I see.
Madoka: And she looked so dead by the end that I thought she was going to keel over.
It was the same when she was running basic drills. Asuka's good at taking everything in stride.
Guess that's why she tends to improve faster than anyone else I know. Her ability to devote her entire mind and body to practice is something special.
Maybe she'll actually pull this off...
Yeah, I'm sure--
Asuka: Haaah... Phew...
Masaya: Huh...? Asuka?!
Asuka walks out of the clubroom, looking almost unrecognizable.
Misaki: Come on, clear the way!
Mashiro: Asuka-senpaaai, can't you, um... balance yourself better?
Misaki and Mashiro are supporting her as she walks.
Asuka: Ugh...
She looks like a criminal who's being taken into custody by two police officers. Man, she must be <i>really</i> out of it.
Asuka: Oh, Masaya...shan.
Masaya: H-Hey, are you okay, Asuka?
Misaki: Hands off. No touching the patient.
Masaya: Patient...? I mean, she does look pretty burned out...
Mashiro: Yeah, it kind of felt like she was flying through sheer force of will at the end there.
Masaya: Next time, stop her before it gets to that point.
Mashiro: We <i>did</i> try to stop her...
Shion: Yeah. Kurashina insisted we continue.
Prez appears and backs up Mashiro's statement.
Masaya: I see...
Misaki: You better have a word with her.
Masaya: Will do.
Yeah, I need to stop her before this develops into a serious problem. Don't want this becoming a habit.
Masaya: Asuka, um, when you're exhausted, you should...
Asuka: Masaya...san. Practice today was very... hard, but, er, um...
Asuka: It was <i>suuuper</i> fun!
Masaya: ...I see.
I give her a gentle pat on the shoulder.
Masaya: Anyway, we should get you home. Make sure you get a good night's sleep, okay?
Asuka: O-Okaaay...
Asuka nods.
I take Asuka's arms from Mashiro and wrap them around my neck.
Masaya: I'll make sure she gets home safe.
Misaki: You better!
Mashiro: Be careful.
Masaya: I will. Guess I'll have to carry her all the way home, since she can't walk straight.
Madoka: Hinata-kun, Hinata-kun.
Madoka approaches me with a weird grin plastered onto her face.
Masaya: I've got a <i>really</i> bad feeling about what you're gonna say, but go ahead.
Madoka: Look, I know this is the perfect chance for you to make a move on her and all, but--
Madoka: Ugh!
Masaya: ...Okay, we're leaving.
Misaki: Later!
Mashiro: Make sure you take her straight home, Senpai. No detours.
Masaya: Obviously!
Masaya: Haaah... I'm almost there...
I've been flying for about five minutes now. Having Asuka hang off my shoulder is making this a lot harder than usual.
Well, at least we're finally near our neighborhood's terminal.
Masaya: Damn that Madoka. I swear, I'm gonna replace her with the teddy bear again.
I know she's just trying to lighten the mood, but it's still <i>really</i> annoying.
Masaya: Hey, Asuka...
I look at her as I try to tell her we're almost there.
Masaya: Asuka...?
Asuka: Zzz... Mhhh...
Masaya: ...Seriously?
She has been a lot more quiet than I expected. Guess I should've known.
Man, I know I'm here to keep an eye on her, but this is still pretty damn dangerous.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...In more ways than one.
Maybe I haven't been thinking about it lately because she hardly ever stops talking.
But I've gotta say, her face looks very well-proportioned from up close. Or, well...
...She's really cute.
Masaya: Damn you, Madoka!
Her dumb joke is keeping me from thinking straight!
Masaya: Pull yourself together, Masaya! We're flying here! This is no time to get distracted!
I try to focus my eyes on our flight path after saying that.
But...
Masaya: Hm...
...Yeah, she's <i>definitely</i> cute.
Masaya: Agh, I'm doing it again!
Honestly, I thought she was cute the moment I first met her.
So this isn't really news or anything.
But this feels oddly refreshing after weeks of nothing but practice.
Aoi: ...Hi. Yeah, it's me. Sorry for the sudden call.
Aoi: Can you come check on how they're doing one of these days?
Aoi: I know. I realize you have your own position to worry about. Trust me, I'll make sure it doesn't cause any problems.
Aoi: Oh, the case we discussed before? Sorry, I don't have an answer for you yet. Tell them to wait until after the fall tournament.
Aoi: Okay. See you around.
Shirase: Oh!
Shindou: Wow...!
Rika: Whoa...
Shirase: Fancy meeting you here, Shindou-kun.
Shindou: Indeed. It's been a while, hasn't it? I'm sorry I didn't come to see you during the summer tournament.
Shirase: Nah, it's all good. More importantly...
Shirase: Oh, ohhh...!
Shirase: Okay, I get the picture.
Shindou: Is something wrong?
Shirase: Oh, no, don't mind me. Are you guys here to check on Kunahama's players?
Shindou: Yeah, we are.
Shirase: Cool. Let's get going, then. I need to go say hi to their advisor first, so can you wait here for me?
Shindou: Of course. I wouldn't dare refuse your request.
Shirase: Cool it, man. That's a bit much. Well, I'll be back in a bit.
Rika: Um, President...
Shindou: What is it?
Rika: That person is the manager of Shirase Sky Sports, isn't he?
Shindou: He is. What about it?
Rika: Oh, nothing. I'm just surprised that you two are so close.
Shindou: Of course we are. As a store manager, he's close with everyone who plays FC in the area.
Rika: Oh, good point.
Shindou: Though, I also have a more personal relationship with him than most.
Rika: Huh?
Shindou: In my eyes, he's a god.
Rika: Wh-What...?
Shindou: Oh, he's back. Let's get moving.
Rika: Y-Yeah...
Rika: I had to have misheard that, right...?
Masaya: Oh!
Madoka: Wow!
I notice a number of familiar faces when I turn toward the main school building.
Shirase: Yo. Wow, you guys seem to be working real hard.
Shindou: Hello.
Rika: Here, we brought some drinks.
Madoka: Wow, thanks a ton, Ichinose-san!
Masaya: Can't say I expected to see you guys together.
Shirase: We just ran into each other on the way... Anyway...
Shirase-san shifts his gaze over to what's going on behind me.
Shirase: That looks pretty interesting.
Masaya: I'd say it's more like a desperate measure than anything.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Asuka is panting heavily as she faces Misaki.
Misaki: Aight, let's wrap this up with one more go!
Asuka: Okay! I'm ready!
Misaki: Go, Mashiro!
Mashiro: Roger, Senpai!
Misaki's body suddenly disappears from Asuka's view right as Mashiro gives that reply.
Shindou: ...She's fast.
That's putting it lightly, Shindou-san.
Asuka: Ugh!
The two of them fly toward Asuka, with Misaki closing in from the left and Mashiro from the right.
Asuka: Not yet... I can't move just yet.
Asuka focuses on their movements as she mutters those words.
Misaki: I've got this!
When she gets into Asuka's blind spot, Misaki shifts into a rapid climb, then swiftly dives to go for her back.
Rika: Such perfect timing...!
Yeah, the way she seamlessly transitioned from one movement to the next is pretty damn impressive.
However...
Asuka: Not on my watch!
Misaki: Ah...!
Asuka evades Misaki's hand and retreats backward like she's doing a Fosbury Flop.
Mashiro: Now's my chance! Take this!
Mashiro tries to take advantage of the tiny window in which Asuka has to try and regain her balance.
Shirase: Oof, she's in a tough spot.
Definitely. Most players can't dodge a second attack that's coming in from a different angle right away.
Asuka: One more time...!
Mashiro: How?!
And yet...
Asuka cancels the loop she's been flying midway, then slips past Mashiro's outstretched hand.
Rika: Amazing...!
Shindou: They're not done yet.
Ichinose seems amazed by that display, leaving only Shindou-san to notice the last obstacle I've placed in Asuka's way.
Shion: Hahaha! You've still got a lot to learn, Kurashina!
Prez shooting down on her from above at a terrifying speed.
Shirase: Wow, a third attack!
Asuka's back is wide open now.
And Prez's hand is rushing straight toward it.
Shirase: Oh, he must've caught her.
Shindou: No. Look closer.
Yep, he's right.
Asuka: I-I'm sorry, I just reacted and ended up touching you...
Shion: D-Damn it! We're finally at a point where I can't even touch you, huh?
A seemingly frustrated Prez and an oddly apologetic Asuka are floating near the water's surface.
Rika: Asuka-san's the one who caught him!
Shirase: Whoa...
Now that Asuka's successfully scored a point, this practice has come to an end.
Rika: What?! You got to that level in just a week?!
Asuka: Y-Yes, that's right.
Rika: Amazing... I assumed you started practicing a lot earlier.
Ichinose's really confused by Asuka's rapid improvement. Can't say I blame her, either.
Misaki: It's hard enough for me to believe.
Mashiro: You can say that again. Asuka-senpai's changing a lot every single day.
Shion: My all-in rushes don't even work on her anymore.
Asuka: I-Is that so...?
Madoka: Yeah, he's got no chance against you. It's safe to say you've easily surpassed Shion.
Shion: That hurts, Madoka...
Rika: You really are amazing...
Ichinose keeps up the mountain of compliments.
Rika: If you keep this up, finishing in the top four of the fall tournament won't be a challenge!
Masaya: Uh... That's good to hear?
I turn toward Shindou-san and Shirase-san, who seem to be lost in thought, after acknowledging Ichinose's praise.
They look pretty damn serious right now.
Masaya: ...Shirase-san.
Shirase: What's up, Masaya?
I close my eyes for a moment to gather my thoughts.
Masaya: You don't think this is enough, do you?
Our jolly mood suddenly turns tense.
Shirase-san smiles faintly as everyone turns their eyes toward him.
Shirase: Well, what's your opinion?
Masaya: I...
Asuka's <i>definitely</i> improved a lot this past week.
And I'm sure she'd put up a much better fight if she got another practice match.
But...
Masaya: I don't think this enough to help her beat Saki Inui.
Asuka: Urk...
I hear Asuka's breath catch in her throat.
She deserves a ton of praise, but now's not the time to sugarcoat things.
Shirase-san nods upon hearing my words.
Shirase: I agree. At this rate, she won't even scratch her.
...Damn, so Shirase-san thinks there's still a huge gap between them?
I mean, I think Asuka's chances are pretty slim right now, but his assessment seems much harsher.
Shirase: What do you say, Shindou-kun?
Shirase-san turns to Shindou-san, who's standing next to him, as he says that.
Shirase: Why don't you face Asuka-chan?
Masaya: What?!
Asuka: I get to fight Shindou-san again...!
Asuka versus Shindou-san?
That'd be a godsend, but is that really okay?
Sure, he retired from competition after the summer tournament, but he's still Takafuji's president.
He's supposed to be coaching his own players, like Ichinose and Satouin-san, so helping another school seems kinda unethical.
Shindou: Shirase-san...
Shirase: Yeah?
Shindou: Great minds think alike. I was just about to suggest the exact same thing.
Masaya: ...Seriously?
Shindou: I'm glad I brought my equipment just in case.
Shirase: Nice. I like the way you do things.
...They look pretty happy.
Masaya: Asuka, are you--
I'm worried that she may be too exhausted to do this, but I keep myself from voicing my doubt.
Asuka: I get to... face Shindou-san again!
Her motivation is palpable, so I've probably got nothing to worry about.
Masaya: ...Okay, we'll take you up on that offer, Shindou-san.
Shindou: I'm very glad to hear that, Hinata-kun.
Shion: Okay, this practice match between Takafuji Academy and Kunahama Academy will now begin.
Shion: Both players are to move to first.
Asuka and Shindou-san, who had been waiting a little further away, move toward the buoy after hearing that.
Asuka: Th-Thank you for giving me this opportunity!
Shindou: You're more than welcome.
Shindou: The last time we played against each other was in the tournament.
Asuka: Y-Yes!
Shindou: Let's make it a good match.
Shindou-san is his usual calm, collected self.
...Though, I already know that everything will change once the match begins.
Rika: Do you remember what Shindou-senpai said?
Ichinose addresses me, seemingly confused.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Rika: Um, when Shirase-san suggested the match, he replied, "Great minds think alike."
Rika: I wonder why... He has to have a reason for wanting to face her, right?
Masaya: Now that you mention it... Yeah, you're right.
There's no way he wants to play her for fun. He's not that kind of person. If anything, he's more the cold, calculated type who's generally unwilling to show his hand.
But despite that, he suggested this practice match.
Masaya: He probably has something he wants to share. Something that'll help Asuka when the time comes for her to face Inui...
Rika: Maybe he noticed something specific when he fought Inui-san.
Masaya: Yeah... Well, I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
Rika: ...That's true.
Ichinose's watching the match with bated breath.
Both of us know this isn't a simple practice match.
However, only Shindou-san knows the true purpose of it at the moment.
Shion: Ready, set...!
Masaya: (Show us what you've got, Shindou-san.)
It seems Shindou-san arrived at the exact same conclusion as Shirase-san. He doesn't think Asuka stands a chance against Inui right now.
So, I'm sure there's some lesson to be learned from this match. That has to be why he suggested it.
The match has begun.
Both players charge straight toward second.
Masaya: Huh?
...No, that's not true. What the hell?
Asuka: What?
Asuka's just as surprised as me.
Shindou-san should have been rushing down toward second.
Shindou: Hm...
However, he's given up and jumped to the second line.
Rika: That's odd...
I mean, yeah.
He's a Speeder leaning All-Rounder.
Why would he give up on second against a non-Speeder?
He's clearly up to something.
Masaya: Asuka, be careful.
Asuka: Shindou-san's probably going to try to surprise me, right?
Masaya: Yep. After you touch second, check your surroundings and pay attention to what he's doing.
Asuka: Understood!
Asuka keeps moving toward second.
And it doesn't take long for her to reach it.
That's 1:0 for her.
However, a single point lead against Shindou-san is effectively nothing.
Masaya: Okay, Asuka, next...
Should I have her rush toward third...? No, Shindou-san'll <i>definitely</i> get in her way.
Hm, maybe a dogfight would work better, since that's what she's been training lately?
This is tough...
Masaya: Wait, what?!
No way...
Asuka: Masaya-san, that's...!
Asuka stops in her tracks. She's clearly surprised.
Shindou: Heh...
Shindou-san spreads out his arms with a faint smile on his face.
He's floating at the center of the second line.
Right above it, in fact.
Asuka: Ah...!
Shindou: What's wrong? Come at me, Kurashina-kun.
He's become a wall.
Masaya: Ah...!
I see. Now I get it.
Misaki: What's happening? I don't get it.
Masaya: Shindou-san isn't going with his usual playstyle.
Misaki: Huh?
Rika: Hm, his movements <i>do</i> seem different... But then, what is he trying to do?
Masaya: Well...
Strong Skywalkers can freely switch between playing as a Speeder, Fighter, or All-Rounder.
And the best among them can even imitate someone else's playstyle to a certain extent, effectively becoming that player.
Masaya: He's acting like Saki Inui.
Misaki: No way!
Rika: Really?!
Masaya: Yeah, I'm sure.
Shindou-san obviously didn't witness the match that took place last week.
So, this must be based on his analysis of when he fought her.
It's just like in soccer, where you can guess a team's plan by the way their players are positioned. Or in boxing, where you can read things based on an opponent's stance.
By looking at his positioning and form, I can accurately surmise his current playstyle.
Masaya: I know I shouldn't be surprised, but damn...
He's masterfully replicating Inui's Bird Cage after only experiencing it once.
I can clearly envision it now.
Asuka: ...Ugh!
Asuka lets out a frustrated groan. Guess Shindou-san's bringing up bad memories of that practice match from last week...
I know she's not traumatized or anything, but his accurate recreation of Inui's style seems to have dampened Asuka's spirits.
Masaya: Huh?
Wait, what?
Masaya: He's getting closer?
I thought he was just recreating Inui's playstyle.
But it seems to be a little different somehow.
Shindou: Hehe...
Slowly but surely, Shindou-san is closing in on Asuka as if to pressure her.
And the faint smile on his face is just making it worse.
Asuka: Masaya-san, he's...
Masaya: You noticed?
Asuka: Yes, Shindou-san is coming closer.
Glad I'm not the only one who caught that.
Masaya: I see. I was wrong.
Misaki: Wrong about what?
Masaya: I thought Shindou-san was imitating Inui.
Misaki: Huh? Wait, he isn't?
Rika: But you seemed so sure...
Masaya: Yeah, but now I know that's not the case.
Shindou-san gave up on second right after the match began.
And that means, unlike Inui, he's starting at a disadvantage.
Masaya: This isn't the Bird Cage. It's more like a shark approaching its prey with its jaws wide open.
Or one of those moments in games where a wall's closing in on you from behind.
That's all his movements make me think of.
Masaya: Asuka, go up.
Asuka: Up?
Masaya: He'll smush you if you keep waiting. Climb diagonally upward to match his altitude, then engage him in a dogfight.
Asuka: Got it!
Asuka builds up momentum and rushes at Shindou-san.
She's gotta get to the same altitude as him to kill any advantage he has.
However...
Shindou: Try again.
Asuka: Eeek!
Shindou-san blocks her path with pitch perfect timing. Guess he read her movements.
He maintains his higher elevation, never letting his relative position go.
Masaya: Of course it isn't gonna be easy...
Well, at least now it's clear what he's trying to do.
He's making sure to never yield the high ground.
It's the exact same type of FC that Inui's playing. The "true FC" that focuses on controlling your opponent that Irina-san went on about.
Asuka: Masaya-san, what should I do?
Asuka sounds pretty nervous.
Hm, she's been training to counter this for a week now, so this is a good opportunity.
Sure, he can't reproduce Inui's exact style, but it's definitely better than nothing.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes!
Masaya: Put some distance between you two. Make sure to stay out of his reach!
Asuka: U-Understood!
Asuka follows my instructions and tries to escape Shindou-san by moving slightly downward.
Masaya: No! Don't do that!
Asuka: Huh?
I've got a bad feeling here.
I'm sure that was the best way to escape from her perspective.
However, there's no way Shindou-san won't react to that when he's been obsessed with maintaining the high ground this whole time.
Shindou: Haha! Thanks for playing right into my hand!
Shit!
Asuka: Eeek!
It only took an instant.
He swooped down from his high position and scored.
Shion: That's one point for Kazunari Shindou!
Prez's voice resounds through the area. Shindou-san has evened things up now.
Masaya: Stay focused, Asuka!
Asuka: Huh?!
Masaya: He's <i>definitely</i> gonna go for another point! Watch out!
I feel it in my bones.
There's no doubt in my mind that Shindou-san won't stop at just one.
And...
Shindou: I'm not done yet, Kurashina-kun!
Asuka: Haaah...!
Shion: Th-That's two points for Kazunari Shindou!
Man, why do my premonitions always come true?
Great. Shindou-san's playing with the lead now.
Masaya: Ugh...!
Since he repelled her downward, Asuka is near the water surface.
Masaya: Do an Airkick Turn! Recover your balance and fly straight up!
Asuka: U-Understood...!
I frantically bark out orders, which Asuka obeys.
Shindou: Heh... I won't let you escape.
Unfortunately, Shindou-san never lets up.
He simply pursues her like a wild beast that's unwilling to let go of his prey.
Masaya: He's incredible.
Asuka manages to somehow retreat toward second.
And when she turns around...
Asuka: No... Not again...
We're stuck in the same situation as before.
Shindou: What's the matter, Kurashina-kun?
Shindou-san spreads his arms in an almost elegant fashion, effectively cutting off Asuka's path once again.
Masaya: Asuka, fly a zigzag and close in on him from the side!
Asuka: U-Understood!
No point going for vertical movement again. It'd be the same as bashing her head into a wall. Catching him off guard with a zigzag seems like the best bet, but...
Shindou: You think throwing in some horizontal movement will do the trick?
He sees right through our plan.
Masaya: Ugh!
Shindou: Try again!
He's like an eagle targeting a fish in the water...
Asuka: No...!
Shion: That's three points for Kazunari Shindou!
He won't let the fish escape his clutches.
Masaya: I see... This is it.
I gaze at that eagle as it spreads its wings in a menacing manner.
Masaya: This is Shindou-san's answer!
"This is about what you should expect from Saki Inui. How can you defeat her with only that type of practice?"
Shindou-san is confronting us with the cold, hard truth.
There's no way Asuka'll win at this rate.
He's showing us the bad ending we would've reached in two months.
Misaki: Haha! Man, he's amazing.
Misaki's voice is full of admiration.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai's improved so much, but she still doesn't stand a chance.
Mashiro seemingly falls into despair.
Rika: Shindou-senpai...
Ichinose looks to be conflicted.
And I'm not surprised. I mean, I'm sure she's never seen Shindou-san play like this.
And this playstyle is the very same one that made him suffer that humiliating defeat.
He's essentially admitting that his old playstyle wasn't anywhere near good enough.
Masaya: Still, that's honestly a good thing.
The whole reason Shindou-san's so good is that he adapts to every situation. He's strong because he continually evolves his game.
The best players don't obsess over playstyle.
Instead, they're willing to do whatever it takes to pull out a win.
That's how Aoi-san used to play when she was a pro, anyway.
Masaya: We'll just have to work harder.
After that, we keep throwing everything at the wall to see what sticks, but Asuka's repelled every single time, which lets Shindou-san rack up more and more points.
Shortly before the end of the match, Shindou-san leisurely moves to third and touches it, which brings his imposing display to a clear end.
He controlled every aspect of this match from start to finish.
Asuka: Phew... I'm back.
Shindou: Thanks for the match.
Madoka: Great match, guys! Oh, uh, hold on, I'll bring some drinks.
Rika: Here's a towel, Shindou-senpai!
Shindou: Thank you.
The atmosphere finally relaxes once they land.
However, all my thoughts and feelings about that match are still bubbling up inside.
Shirase: That was real interesting.
Shirase-san welcomes Asuka and Shindou-san back with a smile, then turns to me.
Shirase: ...Do you get it now, Masaya?
I give him a silent nod.
Masaya: Our practice has trained her moment-to-moment decision making skill, so she's now good at dealing with situations where she doesn't know what's coming at her, or from where.
Shirase: But that's not enough when you're facing someone who controls the pace of play like Saki Inui.
Masaya: ...Right.
Shirase: I'm sure what we just saw made you realize that her playstyle is like hard, thick armor.
That's a good way to put it.
After all, knowing how to deal with multiple spear thrusts in quick succession doesn't actually help you pierce an opponent's defenses.
That's why both Shindou-san and Shirase-san were so down on our practice.
Shirase: As for what you should do... Well, I'm sure Shindou-kun can provide some answers.
Shindou-san returns after wiping his face down with a towel.
Shindou: I worked up a sweat there. That was some good exercise.
His voice sounds as carefree as ever despite the grave expression on his face.
Shindou: Hinata-kun, may I ask you a question?
Masaya: Shoot.
Shindou: What kind of attack do you think would be most effective against Saki Inui?
Hm...
Well, Shirase-san <i>did</i> just say that Inui's playstyle makes her like thick armor.
And that means no normal attacks will ever be enough.
Masaya: A sharp, unstoppable thrust.
I originally started up this three versus one practice to help develop a unique weapon for Asuka.
And today's match has basically solidified that goal in my mind.
Shindou: You want a weapon that will let you power through her and shatter her armor?
I shake my head in response.
Masaya: No, that's not what I mean. All we need to do is pierce the small gaps between the plates of her armor.
Since there's no chance of winning a straight up fight, it's best to watch for an opening before targeting it.
That's the only way Asuka, who's severely lacking in the experience department, can possibly win.
Shindou: ...I see.
Shindou-san nods.
Shindou: I agree. It would be foolish to rely on brute force.
Shindou: However, Inui's armor is quite thick. I'm not sure you'll be able to find a gap, let alone exploit it.
Masaya: ...But I am. I know Asuka can do it.
Shindou: I see.
Shindou: Her playstyle is rather interesting, so that seems promising.
Guess he's satisfied with my idea.
Though, with that said, I don't have a concrete plan in my mind at all.
I mean, that whole idea is based on actually finding a weakness, which is going to be <i>really</i> difficult.
We need something unique, but it also has to be well thought out, or Asuka'll become even easier prey.
Masaya: (...Guess I should give this more thought.)
Shindou-san and Shirase-san have helped me solidify a course of action.
However, in a way, we're now back to square one.
Shirase: ...Oh, someone's texting me. Hold on.
Shirase: I'm going to drop by the faculty room on my own, Shindou-kun. Leave on your own once you're done here.
Shindou: Understood.
Shirase: Well, keep up the good work, Masaya.
Masaya: Thanks.
Is Shirase-san busy? No, wait, he's heading to the faculty room, so he must have business with Aoi-san.
Shindou: Hinata-kun.
Masaya: Uh, what's up?
Shindou-san's back to his usual, relaxed self.
There's even a cheerful smile on his face.
Shindou: Answer a question for me, Hinata-kun.
Shindou: Imagine you have a player who doesn't have any FC matches coming up. Someone who has essentially nothing to do in his free time.
Shindou: Would you let that person be Kurashina-kun's training partner?
Masaya: Someone who has nothing to do in his free time? Wait, you don't mean...
I look up at Shindou-san's smiling face and--
Masaya: H-Huuuh?!
No way...
Shindou: What do you say? Am I not good enough for the job?
Masaya: D-Don't be silly. If you aren't, then literally no one is.
...If anything, I feel like he's wasted on us.
If a player as good as Shindou-san practices with Asuka, she'll improve in no time.
It's a dream come true, but...
Masaya: Um...
I throw a sidelong glance at Ichinose.
I doubt people from Takafuji would be very happy to hear that. I mean, who would be when their best player is offering to train one of their rivals.
However...
Rika: ...Don't worry. He informed me in advance.
Ichinose forms a light smile as she says that.
Masaya: I-I see.
I didn't believe this was some spur of the moment decision, but I also didn't think he'd already told his club about it... Guess I've got no reason to turn him down now.
Masaya: W-Well, okay then... Heeey, Asukaaa!
I call Asuka over.
Asuka: Y-Yes, what is it?
Masaya: You're getting an extra coach starting tomorrow.
Asuka: Huh? Um, who?
I point at Shindou-san.
Asuka: Wh-Whaaat?!
Shindou: That's the story, Kurashina-kun.
Asuka: U-Um, uh, you've still got practice at Takafuji, so, um, are you <i>really</i> sure this is fine?!
Shindou: Of course I am. I'm looking forward to it.
Asuka's all flustered, while Shindou-san, in sharp contrast, just smiles and shakes hands with her.
Shindou: Now, with that out of the way, let's get right down to finding a gap in Saki Inui's armor.
Masaya: Um, Shindou-san.
Shindou: What is it?
Masaya: Thank you.
Shindou: Haha. You don't need to thank me.
Shindou: This may be your fight, but at the same time, it's a way for me to get my revenge...
Masaya: Right...
Should've known. There's no way Shindou-san's over the defeat he suffered.
And that's part of the reason why he wants to help us.
Honestly, I'm grateful for his help, but this is putting a lot more pressure on me...
Shindou: Also...
Masaya: Hm?
Shindou: I simply can't refuse a request from one of my gods.
Masaya: ...What?
Shirase: That's a pretty bold move.
Aoi: What do you mean?
Shirase: Getting Shindou-kun to coach her. I can't believe you just went there and made it happen when he's from a different school.
Aoi: Well, it's not like he's getting nothing in return.
Shirase: Huh?! Don't tell me... you're talking about that Northern Europe League stuff from the other day?
Aoi: Don't you think putting someone who has as much fun playing FC as Shindou overseas could lead to interesting developments?
Shirase: ...I see. You've already sealed the deal with the folks over there and found a school for him, huh?
Aoi: It must get pretty cold in Finland. Guess I'll have to mail him some warm blankets when winter rolls around.
Shirase: I don't even know how to respond...
Shirase: So, what are their chances?
Aoi: What do you mean?
Shirase: I'm asking if you think Asuka-chan can win.
Aoi: To be honest, I don't know.
Shirase: ...I see.
Aoi: She's a real quick study, which is good. Plus, she's got a strong desire to win and enough tenacity to spare.
Aoi: But the issue is, she'll hit a ceiling eventually. And when that happens, he's the only one who can help her bust right through it.
Shirase: You mean Masaya?
Aoi: Right now, he isn't paying attention to the people around him, so it'll all depend on how he recovers after he realizes his mistake.
Shirase: ...You're not going to warn him?
Aoi: He needs to experience it himself in order to understand. Failing alongside Kurashina will help him grow.
Aoi: Then again, it won't be easy. I mean, he's already experienced the effects of a bad coach first-hand.
Shirase: Aoi, you...
Aoi: ...It's pretty cloudy out there. We might get some rain today.
Shindou: Okay, come at me, Kurashina-kun!
Asuka: Gladly!
Asuka starts to slowly fly a Scissors as though to get a feel for it.
It's a maneuver that's typically used to switch positions with your opponent when they're behind you in a dogfight.
It's weird to use it as an approach, but that's exactly what Asuka is doing.
Asuka: Uh...!
The angles of her turns quickly become unnaturally sharp. Right now, her trajectory's more like a zigzag than a wavy line.
Shindou-san is calmly observing everything.
Asuka then starts to fly around in an attempt to draw a pentagram.
It's a sequence of multiple Scissors with acute angle turns.
Asuka: Ugh...!
After several turns, Asuka suddenly rushes at Shindou-san.
She's shooting straight at Shindou-san's blind spot at a high speed.
Shindou: Alright, that's a good feint, but...
Asuka: Eek!
Shindou-san twists and nimbly climbs up, seemingly having predicted Asuka's position.
Shindou: You looked at me right before you launched your attack.
Asuka: O-Oh, did I...?
Shindou: If I managed to catch that, then so will Inui-kun. Ichinose-kun, what did you see?
Rika: When she made her last turn, she changed the way her body was positioned.
Shindou: ...You heard it.
Asuka: O-Oh... It was no good, huh?
Shindou: It would be strange if you managed to pull it off right away. You are attempting a rather high-level technique, after all.
Shindou: Alright, let's take it from the top. This time, try to not give yourself away by focusing your gaze.
Asuka: U-Understood!
Madoka: Wow, Shindou-san sure is fired up.
Masaya: Yeah. He's doing great out there. Every problem is getting stamped out one after another.
It's been a week since Shindou-san joined us.
And I've gotta say, he's a lot more passionate and engaged than I imagined.
Madoka: I hope this zigzag attack you came up with will work...
Masaya: Luckily, we have Shindou-san here, so she can practice it. If she can get to the point where she can land it on him, she can land it on just about anyone.
The idea is that Asuka will first use herself as a decoy to throw Inui off and break her defense.
It's an advanced feint, basically. The lightning-fast speed combined with the swift and rapid directional changes make it almost impossible for your opponent to predict where you're going to attack from.
The idea is simple on paper, but the effectiveness of it scales with the skill of the player, meaning it can become an incredibly deadly move with the right amount of intuition and technical ability.
Masaya: Inui is definitely improving as we speak.
Madoka: Huh?
Masaya: They must've shown us the Bird Cage because us knowing couldn't hurt them, right?
Madoka: Ohhh, I see. Good point.
Masaya: In other words, Inui will have reached new heights by the time we face her.
And I've got no way to predict what that'll look like.
Madoka: You're saying she stands no chance if she can't deal with the Bird Cage right off the bat, huh?
Masaya: Exactly.
Filled with expectation, I look up at Asuka as she's flying about.
Masaya: If she manages to master this technique, she can put up a good fight.
Of course, she's still struggling to even learn it, which isn't a good sign.
Still, based on how she's improved so far, I'm excited to see how this looks in a couple days.
Asuka: I'm so exhausted...
Masaya: I can imagine. You did great out there, Asuka.
Asuka walks over to me with unsteady steps.
Asuka: You have to hear this, Masaya-san!
Asuka: I finally managed to score on Shindou-san today!
Masaya: Yeah, I saw everything. You managed to pull off an attack that was practically impossible to read.
Asuka: I did! And I'll work hard to score even more points next time!
Misaki: A-su-ka!
Asuka: Oh...! M-Misaki-chan...
Misaki grabs Asuka's arm with a mischievous look on her face.
Misaki: Now that your break's over, it's our turn!
Shion: I'll use my speed to defeat you!
Mashiro: And I'll aim for your back the whole time!
Asuka: U-Uhhh... Saveee meee...
Asuka gets dragged away.
Masaya: Make sure you don't go easy on her!
Shindou-san approaches me now. What, was he waiting to take Asuka's place or something?
Masaya: Thanks for the help.
Shindou: It's no problem, really... I see Tobisawa-kun and the others are also quite fired up.
Masaya: Yeah. Thanks to the advice you gave, their practice has gotten a lot more effective.
The "weapon" Shindou-san came up with requires immense agility and moment-to-moment decision making skill.
That's why we're splitting up practice into two halves.
Shindou: I haven't really done much. Adjusting their positioning and making their individual roles clearer was no big deal.
Masaya: Uh, I think you're underselling yourself there...
I mean, everyone's been a lot more lively since we clearly defined their roles.
Sure, the main focus of this exercise is Asuka, but it's also supposed to help all of them develop their technical skills.
Shindou: I think the bigger factor here is that all your players know <i>exactly</i> what they're doing. That's what allows you to--
Mashiro: Heeeeeelp!
I hear a scream come from up in the sky.
Asuka: M-Mashiro-chan, are you okay?!
Shion: She's spinning around in the air. Is that some new technique?
Misaki: You forgot to turn the balancer back on again, didn't you?
Mashiro: I'm sorryyy! It's <i>really</i> hard to remember!
Shindou: ......
Masaya: ......
Guess he spoke too soon.
I'm beginning to think I should make Mashiro take a maintenance course...
Shindou: I have to say, today was extremely productive.
Masaya: Oh?
Shindou: Kurashina-kun is very talented. This practice is driving that fact home.
Shindou: She never repeats the same mistake, which is remarkable. I've never come across anyone else like her.
Masaya: Glad I'm not the only one who thinks that.
Shindou: I understand why you're so obsessed with her.
He has a strange grin on his face as he says that.
Masaya: Uh, we're talking about her as a player, right?
Shindou: Hm? What else could I mean? Explain.
...Damn it! He pulled a fast one on me!
Shindou: Well, we can chat about that some other time. I need to head out.
Masaya: G-Got it. See you...
Can't believe I let him get to me...
I mean, Asuka <i>is</i> very captivating as a player, which makes me happy to coach her, but...
Rika: Um, Hinata-san.
Masaya: Y-Yeah...! Oh, it's you, Ichinose.
Rika: I'm going to head home now.
Masaya: Oh, okay, understood.
Rika: ......
Masaya: ...What?
Rika: Are you sure you think of her as just a player to coach?
Masaya: Wow, I didn't expect you to dig into that!
Madoka: Hehe... Boss, I got what ya want riiight here!
Madoka pulls a USB out of her bag with a creepy smile on her face.
Masaya: I see. Well done, Madoka.
Madoka: Hehe... It was no sweat.
Madoka holds out her palms after handing me the USB.
Masaya: I'll reward you if Asuka wins the tournament.
Madoka: Huh?! Don't you think that's a pretty steep requirement?
Masaya: Enough. Let's just watch it.
Madoka: Fiiine! Look, there are a lot on your side.
There's a laptop in front of us.
And Madoka spots a couple of open USB slots on the left.
Masaya: Okay, here we go.
I insert the USB, which makes a folder with a date as its name pop up on the screen... Inside, there's one video file.
Masaya: Is this it?
Madoka: Yep. You'll see a real dirty video of me once you open it...
Madoka: Oh, <i>come on!</i> You could at least pretend to hesitate!
Masaya: Shut up already! Oh, there we go.
It's a video of Saki Inui.
Masaya: When was this filmed?
Madoka: About a year ago. It's from a summer tournament last year.
That said, it's a tournament that took place in a different country, so it's not the same as the one we just finished.
I wanted to learn more about Saki Inui, so I used Madoka's information network to find this.
Madoka: Why not compliment my <i>amazing</i> information gathering skills?
...Honestly, I am pretty grateful, but there's no way I'm gonna reward that annoying behavior.
Masaya: Oh, this is...
The video only had Inui until now, but another player has suddenly appeared.
Madoka: It's a dogfight.
They're keeping each other in check while they search for an opportunity to strike.
Neither of them are really making a move.
Madoka: Oh, the English player's a guy.
Masaya: Mhm...
Madoka: He's tall, but still pretty fast. Seems like a tough opponent.
Masaya: His name is Anthony Flockhart. He placed third in the Europe Junior Championship.
Madoka: Oh, I see... You sure know a lot about this stuff, huh?
Masaya: I guess... Oh, look, he's made his move.
Unable to stand waiting around, he took advantage of Inui moving slightly to the left and shot toward the next buoy.
Madoka: He's done for at this rate.
Madoka says that on reflex.
But she's right. His timing was bad, so I'm sure Inui'll just stop him in his tracks.
Masaya: She'll either fly up, then go for his back with a quick dive or--
Amidst that situation, which was a perfect chance to score multiple points...
Madoka: Huuuh?!
Masaya: What?!
...Inui did something completely unexpected.
Madoka: She jumped to the third line...!
That's right. Instead of going to score on his back, she simply flew over to the third line as if she had no interest in him.
And Flockhart looked over to her with a baffled expression on his face after scoring.
Masaya: ...I see. Her playstyle has been like this for a while.
Madoka: Huh? What do you mean?
Masaya: She's ignoring the usual conventions of FC. See, look there.
I point to a part of the video.
Inui is floating above the third line, looking down on her opponent in an intimidating manner.
Masaya: This is just a guess, but it feels like Inui wasn't even trying to win.
Madoka: Huh? But why...?
Masaya: She probably wanted to confirm something in a real tournament setting.
Flockhart is relatively famous in the junior scene in Europe.
However, that doesn't mean much. I'm not trying to badmouth him or anything, but I doubt he was a serious hurdle in Inui's mind.
Madoka: ...I doubt her opponent was happy about her doing that, though.
Masaya: Right. In fact, you can see that on his face.
After the match ended, the camera zoomed in on Flockhart's face.
And he didn't have the smiling face of a winner. Instead, he looked like an animal that feared an incoming predator.
Masaya: She's been developing this style for far more than a year...
Madoka: Beating her won't come easy, but it's worth the challenge.
There's no way we'll come out on top without working even harder.
It's gonna get harder from here on out.
Masaya: Alright, Madoka.
Madoka: What?
Masaya: I hope you'll have the next video for me soon.
Madoka: Hm, well, about that...
Madoka sounds oddly hesitant.
Madoka: It'll be hard to get much more. There's barely anything out there.
Masaya: Ugh, you serious?
Madoka: Yeah. There was some info on her from tournaments in Europe, but even then, this was the only video I managed to find.
Madoka: It's like someone's deleting everything about her.
...I can't believe it.
I mean, her playstyle's real special, so videos that show how she developed it must be in demand.
Having nothing out there despite that probably means we have no chance of winning a war of information.
Madoka: Our only hope is to sneak into Kairyou.
Masaya: Which isn't really a good idea...
Madoka: I'm back! Oh, are you done with practice already?
Misaki: Yep. Asuka's exhausted, so we called it a day.
Madoka: I see. Make sure to get some rest, Asuka-chan.
Asuka: ......
Asuka: ...H-Huh? Oh, y-yeah, thanks!
Madoka: She seems pretty drained...
Mashiro: That's because Asuka-senpai was in peak condition today.
Shion: Yeah, she was training even harder than usual.
Misaki: Huh? Where's Masaya?
Madoka: He went to go talk to Shirase-san. Just told me to say practice will start at the same time tomorrow.
Misaki: Hrm... Gotcha.
Mashiro: See you tomorrow!
Shion: See you!
Asuka: B-Bye...
Madoka: ......
Masaya: We could jump to the third line early at the cost of a point. That would get us far ahead of her.
Masaya: If we do that, Inui would most likely make her move around here, which we could counter by...
I'm drawing projected trajectories on the whiteboard to try and outsmart Inui and Irina-san.
Masaya: ...It's no use. This is way too hard without more information.
I put down my pen and cross my arms.
It's easy enough to think up Inui countermeasures in my mind, which is why we incorporate the results of my simulations in our daily practice.
However, I don't have enough tape to figure out what she'd <i>actually</i> do, so it's all based on my assumptions.
Masaya: Phew...
I sink into the chair and gaze up at the ceiling.
I can't forget the video I saw yesterday...
Masaya: Nothing I can do if even Shirase-san is drawing a blank...
Shirase-san's connected to the FC world on a global scale, but even he can't find anything on her.
Masaya: All we can do now is focus on practice.
I can't keep worrying about things we'll never get.
Not when we have last year's fall tournament champion and a former international pro on our side.
Yeah. I just have to focus on practice. There's nothing wrong at all with our practice.
Misaki: Heya, Coach.
Misaki suddenly pops into the clubroom.
Masaya: Hi. Is everyone ready?
Misaki: Yep. We're all warmed up.
Masaya: I see. I'll be there in a minute.
Misaki: 'Kay.
Instead of turning to leave, Misaki remains rooted to the spot.
Masaya: Something wrong?
Misaki: Maybe I'm worrying over nothing, but...
Misaki looks at me with a concerned expression on her face.
Misaki: You sure you're watching Asuka?
Masaya: Huh?
...Where'd that come from?
Masaya: What do you mean? I see her practice every single day.
Misaki: Hm... Well, yeah, but...
Misaki: ...I guess you're right. Forget I ever said anything.
Masaya: Uh, okay...?
What was that all about?
There's no way she said that for no reason.
Misaki: 'Kay, let's head on out.
Masaya: Sure.
In the end, Misaki doesn't elaborate, so the conversation ends.
Misaki: Aight, let's pick up where we left off yesterday and kick things up a notch!
Mashiro: Roger!
Shion: Let's do this!
Asuka: ...I can't wait!
Now that her practice with Shindou-san is complete, Asuka's moved to her three versus one practice with the rest of our club.
Man, her reaction time has improved a lot.
Shindou: Hinata-kun.
Masaya: Hey there. How much progress have you--?
I get interrupted before I can finish my sentence.
Shindou: You might want to check up on Kurashina-kun.
Masaya: Huh?
Shindou: Her movements and everything were the same as usual, but she was slow to react when I talked to her, and she seemed out of breath.
Masaya: What?
Sure, she's been looking more tired lately, but I didn't know it was that bad.
Masaya: Heeey, Misa--
I look up to tell them to stop practice.
And that's when...
Misaki: Huh?! Hey, Asuka?!
...Misaki's terrified voice reaches my ears.
Masaya: What happened...? Asuka?!
I shift my gaze and notice Asuka floating through the air, her head hanging limply.
Misaki: Masayaaa! Asuka just...!
Masaya: I'm coming!
Without missing a beat, I open the box that contains the maintenance equipment, pick up a remote that has "emergency" written on it, and take off.
After positioning myself under Asuka, I address the others.
Masaya: I'm gonna shutdown Asuka's Grav Shoes, so I need all of you to serve as backup.
Misaki: B-Backup?
Masaya: Head down, then grab a net and spread it over the water.
Misaki: G-Got it...! Prez, Mashiro!
Shion: On it!
Mashiro: Roger...!
The three of them rush down to the beach.
I wait for them to fetch the net and get in position. Then...
Masaya: Are you alright, Asuka?!
Asuka: Huh...? I remember I was... in the middle of practice... so why are you...?
What a relief. She's conscious.
That makes the tension in my body loosen up for a moment.
Masaya: You got dizzy and passed out.
Asuka: O-Oh... I see... I'm sorry...
Masaya: Don't worry about that. Just keep quiet and relax.
I use the emergency remote to slowly lower the output of Asuka's Grav Shoes.
Reducing the anti-graviton output should make her sink due to the pull of gravity.
And that's exactly what happens.
Masaya: Okay, slow and steady...
Lower anti-gravitons also mean lower repellent force.
In other words, she won't get flung away by my touch.
Instead, she'll only feel a light vibration.
Masaya: Phew...
I catch Asuka's body in my arms.
Then, I slowly lower myself down toward the beach.
Asuka: Um... What happened to me?
Masaya: Don't talk, Asuka. Just stay still.
Asuka: O-Okay... I... will...
She mutters that in a tired voice, then closes her eyes again.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...I'm sorry.
The immense sense of guilt makes it hard for me to look Asuka straight in the face.
Madoka: Yeah, it's pure exhaustion. She isn't sick or anything.
Masaya: ...I see. Thanks for going with her.
Madoka: It's no big deal. I'm the club manager, remember?
We immediately canceled practice and took Asuka to the hospital.
After delivering her safely, I left and returned to our clubroom.
And that's why I only now know about Asuka's condition.
Masaya: Misaki tried to warn me...
Madoka: Did she say something?
Masaya: She was worried about Asuka before practice, but was being kind of vague. I should've actually tried to talk to her...
It's clear now that she was wondering if I was paying attention to Asuka's physical condition, not her progress.
I bet Misaki picked up on the little signs of exhaustion Asuka was showing, but was unsure what to do.
Madoka: Well, don't beat yourself up about it. She kept saying she wanted to push herself, so it was hard to tell her to stop.
Masaya: But that's a coach's job.
Madoka: Sure, but it's not like you're some veteran with years of experience. No one's expecting you to be perfect.
Masaya: ......
Madoka: Anyway, it was only exhaustion this time, so just consider it a lucky break and learn from this.
Masaya: ...Will do.
Madoka: Okay, that's all for now! I'll call you tomorrow!
Masaya: Got it.
Masaya: ...Man, that was a huge shock.
I should make her take a break from practice.
And I'll use the time before she returns to rethink everything.
If I don't pay more attention to Asuka, something terrible could happen.
The next day.
I tell everyone to go practice, then head to the faculty room by myself.
Aoi: How is everyone? Are they doing okay?
Masaya: They're practicing as usual. And by usual, I mean on their own. Guess that must feel pretty weird, since we've all been focusing on Asuka lately.
Masaya: They appear a little... or, well, a lot more sluggish than usual, though.
Aoi: Haha. I see. Well, I'm not surprised.
Aoi-san replies in a matter-of-factly tone.
Aoi: So, is that all? You have something else to say, don't you?
Does she watch what I'm doing through our security cameras or what?
Whenever I come to here, she always knows how to cut straight to the heart of my worries.
I take a deep breath to prepare myself to speak.
Masaya: I'm planning to make Asuka take a break.
Aoi: Really now?
Masaya: I pushed her <i>way</i> too hard. It was wrong of me to take her word for it when she said she wanted to practice nonstop.
Masaya: That's why... I'm going to tell her to relax a little more from now on.
Aoi: ......
Aoi-san just stares me in the eye without speaking.
Then...
Aoi: Say, Masaya.
Masaya: What is it?
Aoi: What do you think of Kurashina?
Masaya: Well... Asuka is...
Asuka is a very sincere, cheerful girl who loves flying.
She's a fast learner with a whole lot of talent who'll keep practicing until you stop her.
Masaya: ...I guess that's how I'd describe her.
Aoi-san should know all that, so why is she asking me?
...And more importantly, what's her answer to this question?
Aoi: ...Is that <i>really</i> all you think?
Masaya: Yeah. Or well, that'll all that's worth mentioning right now, anyway.
Aoi: She's a monster.
Masaya: Huh?
Aoi: A monster who's possessed by FC and the sky.
Aoi: ...Isn't that what you actually think?
What's she trying to say?
Masaya: You're going a bit too far there.
Aoi: Am I? Didn't you say something similar when Inui showed up here?
Masaya: ......
I guess I did, yeah.
And that's not all. During the tournament, when I saw the expression on her face as she was watching the final match, a sense of fear struck me.
I really did start to think she was a monster.
Masaya: ...Yeah, can't say I've never thought that.
Aoi-san forms a smile as she hears me say that.
Aoi: Okay, then let me ask you another question. Do you know what Kurashina likes?
Masaya: What she likes...?
Um, if I remember correctly...
Masaya: Strawberries and... what was it again...? Oh, right, flying fish.
Aoi: Good. Now, what does she hate?
Masaya: She... hates...
What does she hate? I'm honestly not sure she's mentioned anything specific...
Aoi: What about her family?
Masaya: I-I think she's an only child.
Aoi: What subjects is she good at? What manga does she like?
Masaya: Um, uh...
Aoi: Where'd she live before moving here? Has she got any special skills? Does she prefer texting or calling? How does she spend her time at home?
Masaya: Listen, um...
Aoi: ...How does she like to be cheered up?
Masaya: Ah...!
How am I...
How am I supposed to know any of that?
Aoi: I know what you're thinking. It's written all over your face. "How am I supposed to know any of that?"
Masaya: No, that's...
Aoi: Don't lie to me. I can also tell you thought, "Why is any of that important?"
Masaya: ...Okay, I admit that did cross my mind.
Aoi: I can understand that.
Masaya: Huh?
Aoi: I mean, I used to feel the exact same way back in the day.
Aoi: I thought nothing other than playstyle and special skills that could be used as a weapon mattered.
Masaya: So you're saying you've changed your mind?
Aoi: That's not important. Listen, I'm trying to say I don't want you to think like me.
Masaya: Huh? You're worried about me.
Aoi: Yeah.
Aoi-san takes a sip of her coffee.
Aoi: If you ask me, you're doing a great job as a coach.
Masaya: That sounds pretty fake after what you just said.
Aoi: No, trust me, that's normal for a coach. We're not supposed to get too emotionally attached to our players. And in that sense, you pass.
Aoi: The problem is that your opponent is Saki Inui.
Saki Inui... What does she have to do with this?
Masaya: What's that supposed to mean?
Aoi: Exactly what I just said.
Aoi: The girl who's serving as her second, Irina... probably knows Saki Inui better than anyone else.
Aoi: Her personality, preferences, past, habits, everything. It's impossible to mold such a perfect player unless you take all of that into account.
Masaya: Hold on. That sounds like...
In a way that's...
It's even crueler than not knowing.
Masaya: You're telling me the only way to beat her is for me to invade Asuka's privacy?
Aoi-san eyes are fixated on me.
She isn't smiling... and her expression isn't a kind one, either.
Oh, I know that look...
It's the same one she had when...
Aoi: Do you really think I would tell you to do that?
It's not anger. Honestly, she seems more sad than anything.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: No, I'm sure you'd never do something like that.
Upon hearing that...
...her expression softens.
Aoi: ...Thanks.
That's right. How could I have even said that?
I know there's no way she'd tell me to try that.
She's a person who has the utmost faith in me. She's the one who told me she'll always be waiting for me in the sky I've rejected. There's no way she'd try something like that.
Aoi: Asuka Kurashina isn't just a member of the Kunahama Academy FC Club. She's also a student in class 2-C who's 12th on the attendance list.
Aoi: And you're her classmate, Masaya Hinata, who's 20th on that very same list.
Masaya: ...Right. And?
Aoi: I'm afraid.
Aoi: Afraid that you'll wear each other out before you even get to really talk.
Masaya: Uh...
Maybe she has a point. To be honest, I know next to nothing about Asuka.
We see each other at practice every day, but the only thing we ever talk about is FC.
I never ask her about her personal life because she's never mentioned it to me.
If she shows no interest in talking about that with me, I don't need to ask. Likewise, I never mention things about my personal life to her either.
Aoi: Don't you think it's dangerous to guess Kurashina's thoughts and decide what to do for her when you don't know what she could be thinking?
Aoi: I'm afraid it could end up hurting both of you.
Masaya: ......
I'm speechless.
Asuka was so tired that she fainted. That meant she was pushing herself too hard, which made a break sound like the perfect solution.
And honestly, I'm sure that's still the right call as a coach.
But is that something Asuka <i>actually</i> wants? Is she just supposed to do whatever I say?
And that doesn't just apply to this situation. Talking strategy and trying to develop a weapon for her to use is all pointless if I don't have what she wants in mind while developing them.
Aoi: I'm not saying you have to get to know Kurashina in order to win. However, at this rate, both of you will fail.
Aoi: Basically, I'm trying to say you should have a little more fun, Masaya.
She's told me to have fun about a million times now.
And yet, she's repeating that phrase again.
Aoi: Remember, this is a school club and Kurashina's your classmate. There's no point in any of this if you're not enjoying it.
Masaya: ...Right.
Aoi: Show them the pure joy of flying when you win. I know you two can do it. No, in fact, you're the only ones who can.
That sounds like a tall order...
It's something I wished for after the summer tournament, but I gave up on the idea because it seemed so far out of reach.
But now, I feel like we have to do just that.
Aoi: Well, that's my two cents. So, are you going to go visit her now?
Masaya: That's the plan.
Aoi: Well, you better hurry.
Masaya: Got it!
I direct a large bow at her as I answer that question.
Then, I turn around and break into a run.
I don't want her to see the look on my face.
Because I'm sure it's the exact same look I had when I trained with Aoi-san back in the day.
Aoi: ...I'm sorry, Masaya.
Aoi: I don't really have a right to lecture you. Not when I'm trying to make you do something I failed to.
Aoi: Still, I know you can do it.
Aoi: Don't repeat my mistakes.
? ? ?: Yeees!
I hear a voice resound from inside the house after I press the intercom buzzer.
Must be Asuka's mother. She greeted me in that same cheerful voice when I called their landline.
Our club's register has a "Kyoka Kurashina" listed as Asuka's guardian. This is probably her.
Masaya: Excuse me, I'm the one who called you earlier. Hinata.
? ? ?: Oh, yes, Hinata-kun. Please come in. The door's open.
Masaya: Okay, thank you.
Kyoka: I'm sorry you had to come all the way out here to check on her.
Masaya: Oh no, I should be the one apologizing.
Kyoka-san looks just like Asuka. Or maybe it's more accurate to say she looks like an older version of Asuka. Either way, she's real pretty.
Kyoka: She keeps insisting on going to school, so I've had to force her into bed all day.
Her personality also seems like a more mature version of Asuka's.
Masaya: ...I see.
Yeah. That's easy enough to picture.
Masaya: Um, is Asu... I mean, Kurashina-san up?
Kyoka: Oh my. You aren't going to use her first name? I heard that's a rule in your club.
Masaya: ...Huh?
Kyoka: It's supposed to boost your morale, right? What a shame. I liked how it made you all feel so close.
Masaya: W-Well, doing it outside of school's a little...
Kyoka: It's fine, really. In fact, why don't I follow suit and call you Masaya-kun?
Masaya: Huh? Oh, sure.
What the hell? She seems to be in complete control of this conversation...
Kyoka: Asukaaa, I'm coming in.
Asuka: Geez! Cut it out, Mom! I promise not to try to get up again, so...
The moment we enter her room, Asuka starts to mumble those words. But then...
Asuka: ...Huh?
Asuka: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!
Asuka: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What is Masaya, I mean, Hina... Hinata-kun doing here?!
Kyoka: Oh my, I told you he was coming over, didn't I?
Asuka: B-But you never said it would be today! Or right now, even!
Asuka: ...Also, why are you calling him Masaya-kun?
Kyoka: Oh, I didn't tell you?
Asuka: You didn't!
Kyoka: Should I tell him to leave, then?
Asuka: Huh?
Kyoka: You have a cold, so it's probably best that he doesn't see you anyway.
Asuka: ......
Asuka: W-W-Wait a second!
Kyoka: Hehe... There she goes. Cleaning her room even though she hasn't fully recovered.
Masaya: Um... I feel like I should probably leave.
Kyoka: No, you <i>really</i> shouldn't. I guarantee she's happy to see you.
Masaya: I-If you say so...
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Asuka: I-It's fine now. You can come in...
Kyoka: Get into your bed, Asuka. Sick people shouldn't be doing strange poses in the middle of their room.
Asuka: G-Geez, you know, this is kind of your fault!
Despite her complaints, I can hear her crawling into bed.
Kyoka: Well then, I'll excuse myself now. Enjoy!
Masaya: Uh, thanks?
In the end, she controlled everything that happened from start to finish.
...Ugh, I need to pull myself together and open the door.
Masaya: I'm coming in now.
This is the first time I've entered Asuka's room.
I can't tell if it's normally like this or not, but her room is pretty clean.
Feels a lot more like a girl's room than Misaki's, at any rate.
And all the strawberry-themed items only reinforce that fact.
Asuka: U-Um...
Asuka: Please don't stare at the things in my room...
Masaya: Oh, I-I'm sorry!
I apologize as I shift my gaze to Asuka.
Asuka: N-Nice... to see you...
Asuka's lying in her bed with a rather nervous expression on her face.
She looks a bit feverish, though I doubt that's only because of her exhaustion. The sudden clean-up she just did probably made things worse.
Asuka: I have to apologize for just now. Mom just suddenly...
Masaya: It's fine. I don't really mind.
Asuka's fidgeting about, clearly embarrassed. And honestly, I'm feeling just as embarrassed for an entirely different reason.
I mean... the front of her pajama shirt is wide open. Probably because she still has a fever, but still...
The size of her breasts is making this a pretty sticky situation...
Masaya: (I'm not sure where to look...)
Asuka either doesn't realize or doesn't mind, since she's staring at me with an innocent smile on her face.
No, I need to focus. Gotta stop thinking about that before things go south.
Masaya: (...Man, I never realized they were so huge.)
Seriously, Masaya?! I literally just told myself <i>not</i> to pay any attention to it!
Asuka: Um, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Oh! U-Um, uh...
I change the topic in an attempt to save face.
Masaya: Y-You seem to have a lot of plushies.
Asuka: I like them a lot, so I've been collecting them.
There's a flying fish plushie right next to her pillow.
...Man, what's wrong with me? I mean, who in their right mind would try to start a conversation about plushies?
Masaya: S-Say, Asuka...
Asuka: Y-Yes!
Masaya: How do you, um, spend your time when you're at home?
Asuka: H-Huh?
Masaya: Well, I mean... what are your hobbies and stuff...
...Ugh, what is wrong with me?! Awkward, much?
She must think I'm a <i>total</i> dork.
Have I always been this bad at striking up a conversation?
I mean, damn, I just asked her about her hobbies out of the blue! What's this supposed to be, some kinda blind date?
Asuka: My hobbies? Um, let me think...
Asuka: Oh, I love manga! I read lots of them! My dad collects a bunch, too!
Masaya: O-Oh. Does that mean you're more into older series?
Asuka: That's right. I grew up reading about the power of friendship, fighting for your dreams, and other stuff like that.
Masaya: I-I see.
Thank you, Asuka... You're so kind!
She's just rolling with the punches instead of calling me out on my weird questions. What a saint!
Masaya: (Wait, this is all wrong!)
Right now, Asuka's no different from how she is with all our classmates at school.
And that's not good enough for me.
Masaya: (I want to have a heart-to-heart conversation with Asuka.)
Not about FC or school. I want to speak on an extremely personal level.
But before that...
Masaya: Listen, Asuka.
There's something I have to say.
Asuka: Yes?
I give her a deep bow as she replied to me.
Masaya: I'm so, <i>so</i> sorry!
Asuka: What?!
Masaya: If I'd been paying more attention, you wouldn't have collapsed.
Masaya: I only have myself to blame for not making you take more breaks.
In the end, this is all my fault. She only passed out because I didn't take good care of her.
That's why I need to sincerely apologize for my mistakes.
Asuka: It's not like that!
Masaya: Huh...?
Asuka shakes her head upon hearing my apology.
Asuka: That's not true. This isn't your fault at all!
Asuka: It's mine! I felt terrible, but I kept saying I was good to go! How can I blame anyone else when I was keeping the truth from all of you?!
Masaya: No, you're wrong! I'm your coach, which means I should have been paying more attention to you.
Asuka: Th-That may be true, but I still should have looked after myself better.
Masaya: But I should have...
Our eyes meet right as I'm about to continue our argument.
Asuka: Pfft...
Masaya: Haha...
We both start laughing.
Asuka: Ahaha...
Asuka: I'm sorry. I get worked up over the weirdest things.
Masaya: Not like I'm any better.
I'm a pretty stubborn guy, and it seems Asuka can compete in that regard.
This honestly feels pretty refreshing.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Y-Yes.
Masaya: Even if we're both to blame here, that doesn't change the fact that I've still got a lot to learn as a coach.
Asuka: That's not true. You're already so amazing...
Masaya: Not really. Way I see it, I've got a pretty long road ahead of me. And that's why I've decided to try harder from now on.
I look straight at Asuka.
Masaya: I wanna spend more time talking to you.
Asuka: Y-You want to talk?
Masaya: Right.
I recall the point of Aoi-san's message.
I've been seeing Asuka less as a friend and more of an FC player.
That might be the right thing to do as her coach, but thinking back on it, Asuka didn't ask me to train her because she wanted to be the best FC player or anything.
She just wanted to experience the joys of flying.
And I can't believe I forgot something so simple.
That's why I want to get to know Asuka better. Because then, I can coach her more intimately.
Hopefully that's enough to make her the most happy, joyful person in the sky.
Masaya: You feeling better at all?
Asuka: Yes. My fever's down, so I should be at school tomorrow as long as I rest.
Masaya: I see. That's good to hear... I'm looking forward to practicing with you again!
Asuka: Y-Yesh... Same here...
Asuka's voice cracks.
God, why does all this feel so awkward?
How am I supposed to get to know her if this keeps up?!
Masaya: (Damn it, it's now or never! Time to sink or swim!)
Having made up my mind, I turn to face Asuka.
And when I do, I see that she's pulled a photo album off her shelf.
Asuka: Oh, it's kind of dusty. Hold on.
She wipes it down with a tissue.
Let's talk about the past.
It seems our conversation has somehow moved in that direction.
If we don't know anything about each other, then the simplest thing to do is start with our childhoods and go from there.
I agreed with her on that, so she suggested the cliché idea of looking through her photo album together.
Asuka: Here, look.
Asuka opens the album.
I stare at the page she's turned to, and get a good look at a picture of her as a kid.
Asuka: See, don't I seem a lot different here?
Masaya: You really do...
She's wearing a white dress and shares Asuka's features, but that's where the similarities end.
There girl in the picture is casting her gaze down with a frightened look on her face. She gives off a frail, meek impression as she's trying to hide behind a pillar.
It's hard to imagine that's actually Asuka.
Asuka: Do you believe me now?
Masaya: Believe what?
Asuka: When I told you about this, I could tell you didn't buy my story.
Masaya: ...Really?
I guess I vaguely remember that...
Well, either way, I have no choice but to believe it now.
Asuka: You totally did... Well, here's some evidence.
Masaya: Yeah... Sorry for doubting you.
Asuka: It's fine.
...This conversation is <i>really</i> weird.
Asuka: Anyway, I used to be <i>really</i> shy, and I barely ever left the house, but that all changed when I met a certain someone...
Masaya: You mean that one girl you told me about before?
Asuka: Yes.
Asuka: And, well, I changed a lot after I became friends with her.
She turns to the next page as she says that.
Masaya: ...Huh?
I see a picture of a girl with the exact same hairstyle and face as the last one, but everything else seems different.
She's changed from a dress to a mini skirt and T-shirt. Plus, she seems to be all excited about a beetle she's holding in her hands.
Masaya: ...That your twin sister?
Asuka: People make that joke all the time when they see these.
Asuka's response is accompanied by a smile.
Asuka: They're both pictures of me, obviously.
She closes the album as she says that.
Asuka: As you can see, something happened to me during my childhood that changed my entire world.
Masaya: You can say that again.
Given how drastically she changed, it had to have been something big.
Big enough to say it changed her entire world.
Asuka: I made a promise.
Masaya: A promise?
Asuka nods.
Asuka: A promise with that girl who changed me.
Asuka: I promised to always keep facing upward, to always do my best at everything I try, and to always be cheerful.
Asuka: Because I didn't want her to be disappointed in me when we met again.
Asuka bursts into a powerful, beaming smile as she says that.
Asuka: That's why I never want to give up on anything I've set my mind to.
Masaya: I see...
I also have a promise I made with someone when I was a kid.
However, it's now locked away alongside my Grav Shoes.
No matter how strong a promise may be, it will eventually fade.
So how can Asuka remain strong?
How can she not buckle when faced with the harshness of reality?
Masaya: Don't you ever get disheartened?
Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: Losing an FC match, or having practice not go your way. Stuff like that happens all the time.
Masaya: Doesn't any of that ever depress you?
I know I'm asking her this question, but I've honestly never seen Asuka react in a negative manner.
Maybe that just means she perceives things differently from most normal people?
And maybe that's part of why I thought she was a monster back then...
Asuka: ...Masaya-san.
Asuka looks pretty upset as she calls out to me.
Asuka: Could it be that you think I'm some sort of freak?
Masaya: Uh...
Crap. Was it that obvious?
Asuka takes my silence as confirmation and continues.
Asuka: Well, you're wrong. I'm below average in every single way.
Masaya: Really?
Asuka: Yes. I'm not good at sports, I'm not smart, and I'm pretty indecisive and introverted.
I find that hard to believe.
She's picking up FC like it's no sweat, and her test scores improved leaps and bounds after some studying. That has to mean she's a genius.
There's no other possible explanation, right?
Asuka: I've never been good at anything, but luckily, I got something that helped fix my problems.
Masaya: The promise with that girl, you mean?
Asuka: ...Yes.
Asuka: Always facing upward. Always trying my best at everything. Always being cheerful. And also, being straightforward when it comes to the things I love.
Asuka: I realized I could overcome my weaknesses by sticking to that way of life.
Asuka: And that's why I decided that's the one thing I would never give up on.
Masaya: ......
That's pretty damn impressive.
After all, it's a lot easier to say you'll work hard than actually do it.
Plus, Asuka was well aware that she was starting from the very bottom, which must have made it all the more difficult.
Yeah, that's definitely a type of talent alright.
Asuka: Oh, but...
Asuka looks slightly embarrassed as she mumbles those words.
Asuka: There are still times when I get discouraged.
Masaya: Can't say I've ever seen that.
Asuka: Yes, because I try to hide it. Still... it does happen.
I see. So Asuka does worry about things in her life.
And I doubt there are any fields that are exceptions.
Which means...
Masaya: Does it happen with FC, too?
I'm honestly afraid to hear her answer.
However, I know I'll never truly understand her until I do.
Asuka: ...Yes.
Asuka answers my question in a somewhat hesitant voice.
Asuka: It only happens very, very rarely, but there are times when I get so upset and frustrated that I don't even want to look at the sky anymore.
My heart pounds against my chest.
Asuka always flies with a smile on her face.
She's so obsessed with the sky that I sometimes wonder if she's a heaven-sent child. Yet <i>even she</i> has those thoughts sometimes...
<i>Even she</i> feels anger strong enough to make her think "I don't want to look at the sky anymore."
I'm shocked.
Asuka: But whenever I'm having a hard time, I get help from this little thing.
Asuka pulls off the hairclip she's wearing as she says that.
It's feather-shaped and made out of plastic.
There's nothing special about it. In fact, it even looks kinda cheap.
Asuka: That girl gave me this as a present.
Masaya: Oh, I see.
That's why she's always got it on.
Asuka: If I'm ever in serious trouble, I just need to hold this thing and make a wish. Then, she'll come flying right over to save me.
Masaya: Did she tell you that?
Asuka: Yes. I've never actually made that wish yet, but... I sometimes touch it as I recall her words.
Asuka: I didn't even learn her name in the end, so it's kind of hard to call out to her...
Masaya: I see. You don't know her name.
That explains why she hasn't mentioned it yet.
That must be awfully precious to her, since there's nothing else that connects them.
"If you need help, I'll come save you."
The promise itself may be empty, but it serves as an emotional support.
Masaya: So it's basically a good luck charm, huh?
Asuka: Yes...!
Asuka gives me a firm nod.
Masaya: Kids tend to cherish every little thing they own.
Asuka: That's true...
Masaya: That's why I'm sure you meant a lot to her. Otherwise, she never would've gave it to you.
I'm sure it's become so precious to Asuka <i>because</i> the person gave them something dear to them.
I can relate a little.
Asuka: Did you ever have something like this?
Masaya: Yeah... I don't remember it well, but I think so.
There is one thing...
But now it's just hidden away in my room, collecting dust.
Masaya: I finally understand why you're so strong.
Asuka: Are you disappointed by the truth?
Masaya: No. If anything, I feel relieved. I respect you a lot, Asuka.
Asuka: Huh?
Asuka: Wh-What are you saying?! There's nothing respectable about me!
Asuka vehemently denies my claim.
But that won't change my mind.
I finally know Asuka isn't some monster.
She is, without a doubt, a normal human being with weaknesses.
I'm sitting in my room with my lights off, watching TV.
I can't stop thinking about what Asuka mentioned earlier... Things that were dear to me, huh?
Masaya: What do I have from my childhood?
There's an old anime airing right now.
"Sky Ruler Zephyrion." If I remember correctly, it's a pretty gory show. Still, I loved it when I was younger.
Masaya: I remember begging my parents to buy me a figure until they gave in.
It was a figure of the mech the protagonist piloted. I'm pretty sure I took it with me everywhere.
But eventually, I didn't have it anymore.
And I can't remember what I did with it...
Masaya: Yeah, that's how it usually goes...
Cherishing her childhood memories and never going back on the simple promise she made so long ago...
It's honestly kind of crazy that Asuka has managed to do that.
Somehow, she's even turned all her sad experiences into fuel that drives her forward.
And she's still trying to break past her limits to this very day.
Masaya: I have to support her.
Man, I should be ashamed of myself. I don't deserve to call myself her coach.
I've got more important things to do right now. I shouldn't be watching old anime in the dark.
Masaya: ...Do I still have some lingering feelings left inside me?
I get up and pull out my old Grav Shoes.
I don't even remember how many times I've done this before, but this time it's different.
Masaya: I think... I want to tell Asuka these words.
The pledge that's engraved onto my Grav Shoes.
When I run my finger over the words, it feels like I'm surrounded by the same sky, wind, and smell as back then.
It's like the memories of the promise I made are rushing back into my mind.
The next day, we immediately start "practice," since Asuka's back to normal.
All of our club members, as well as the people from Takafuji, have gathered.
Satouin: ...Well then, Masaya Hinata.
Masaya: Yeah.
Satouin: Would you care to explain what's going on?
Masaya: Uh, I'm pretty sure I told you in advance that we're not practicing today.
Satouin: Yes, I was informed of that, but I interpreted your words as "no physical practice." I was certain you planned on giving a lecture on strategies and techniques instead...
Satouin: I never imagined that my precious practice time would be wasted like this!
Shindou: Calm down, Satou-kun.
Satouin: It's Satouin, President.
Shindou: I already made you the new president...
Satouin: You're still our "honorary president," so it's fine. At any rate, I demand an explanation as to what this whole fuss is about.
Rika: I'm sorry, Satouin-senpai. It's all my fault for inviting you...
Shindou: There's nothing to worry about. Takafuji's also been focused on nothing but practice, so I figured this would make for a nice change of pace.
Satouin: We are better than the rest <i>because</i> we practice so much! Besides, as the new president, I'm responsible for--
Shindou: Yeah yeah, I hear you. Well then, Hinata-kun, see you later.
Rika: S-Senpai, I'm so sorry!
Satouin: Wait! I have a bone to pick with Masaya Hinata. Hey, don't push me... I told you to stop pushing me!
Misaki: Gotta say, I never thought I'd live to see <i>you</i> give us an official Screw Practice Day.
Masaya: ...The hell's a Screw Practice Day?
Why does she always speak nonsense?
Misaki: Huh? I mean, today's a day off from practice, so like, aren't you trying to let us play hooky?
Masaya: No! Anyway, where are the others...? Oh, they're finally here.
Mashiro: Sorry I'm late.
Masaya: ...Problems with your Grav Shoes <i>again?</i>
Mashiro: No! I wanted to finish a quest before leaving, but the monster took a lot longer to kill than I expected!
Mashiro: ...Oh!
Masaya: Prepare to be punished tomorrow, Mashiro. So, why are the rest of you late?
Madoka: My bed held me hostage.
Madoka: Ouch!
Masaya: Next...! Prez?
Shion: I was doing my morning practice, then before I knew it, I was late!
Masaya: ...It's hard to tell you off when that's your excuse.
Masaya: And you, Asuka?
Asuka: Um, err, I had so much fun flying that I ended up making a small detour.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Okay, so about today...
Madoka: Hey! How come you're going easy on Asuka-chan?!
Mashiro: Yeah, she's right! That's unfair! I'm going to go complain on the internet!
Masaya: Oh no you won't! Just shut up and listen to me!
Madoka: Boooooo!
Mashiro: Ugh...
I pacify the two unruly girls.
Masaya: Look, Asuka's made a full recovery. She's ready to start practicing again.
Misaki: Nice. That's a <i>huge</i> weight off my mind.
Mashiro: Yaaay!
Asuka: Thank you!
Masaya: That said...
Masaya: ...I figured it wouldn't be smart to get right back to our usual practice on the first day.
Mashiro: He was never this nice to me after I got injured...
Madoka: I know, right? He sure knows how to make us feel like low-tier heroines.
Masaya: ...Anyway, that's why we're here to enjoy ourselves. Feel free to explore the place.
Misaki: Aight, let's go grab some food!
Mashiro: Oh, I'll join you!
Madoka: Why not check out the place Ichinose-san mentioned? I think she said it was in the food court...
The three of them have scurried off in a matter of seconds.
Masaya: They don't waste a single second when it comes to food, huh?
Asuka: Um, so what should we do?
Masaya: O-Oh... Let's...
Shion: Okay! Let's head to the fitness store on the third floor! They have pretty much everything, from the shady stuff you see in infomercials to the real, proper stuff you'll find at gyms, so...
Shindou: Okay, you're coming with us, Aoyagi-kun.
Shion: Huh?! Wh-What are you doing?! Hey!
Shindou: Allow us to borrow Aoyagi-kun for a while.
Masaya: Uhhh, okay... Sure.
Asuka: They kidnapped Prez.
Masaya: They sure did...
Asuka: ......
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...Well, should we look around the mall together?
Asuka: ...Y-Yeah, let's do that.
Shindou: Phew... Looks like they set off.
Misaki: That was <i>way</i> harder than it had to be. Like, how dense can you be?
Satouin: How was I supposed to understand without a proper explanation? I had no idea they were in a romantic relationship...
Mashiro: Well, they're not...
Madoka: We're helping an awkward coach and an equally awkward girl get to know each other better. Playing cupid, basically.
Satouin: That sounds like a romantic relationship to me! Good grief, I can't believe this is why you're all skipping practice...
Shindou: You're wrong, Satou-kun.
Satouin: It's Satouin. Pray tell, what exactly am I wrong about?
Shindou: A player and their second need to establish a deep bond of trust. And that's even more true of a player and their coach.
Shindou: Are you trying to claim that's something they can neglect, Satou-kun?
Satouin: It's Satouin... Very well, President. I shall accept your explanation.
Shindou: Glad to hear it.
Satouin: In that case, since I am your second, should we deepen our mutual understanding of each other?
Shindou: There's no need for that.
Satouin: You're contradicting yourself!
Misaki: Ugh, whatever. Who cares! Listen, let's just focus on watching them.
Shindou: Good point. Hinata-kun in particular.
Rika: I can't wait to see what Asuka-san does...
Mashiro: You guys are scaring me. It's starting to sound like you only care about amusing yourselves.
Shion: What are you talking about? I, and my muscles, are always honest!
Madoka: God, just shut up, Shion!
Asuka: What do you think?
Masaya: Whoa...
I'm rendered speechless.
Allow me to explain. We entered a clothing store on the second floor because Asuka wanted to try on some clothes.
I was waiting for her in front of the dressing room, thinking to myself how cliché the whole situation was, but she came out wearing something so different from her usual attire that I was stunned.
I mean, she <i>definitely</i> looks cute in it. But the problem is, um...
Masaya: (That outfit's <i>way</i> too revealing! I mean, her chest's basically popping out of it!)
Asuka: Oh, it doesn't look good on me. I see... Should've known I couldn't pull it off.
Masaya: Th-That's not it!
Asuka: Huh?
I-I've gotta say something!
Just need to think of a way to mention it without specifically talking about her chest...
As they say, honesty's the best policy.
Masaya: U-Um... it looks good on you. Like, <i>really</i> good.
Asuka: Y-You mean it? To be honest, it's a little embarrassing to hear that... I mean, it's showing a lot of skin...
I almost remind her that the flight suit is even worse, but quickly decide it's a bad idea. Don't want her getting all nervous when she has it on.
Masaya: Don't worry. You look real cute, I swear!
Asuka: I-I see... Thank you...
We're both acting <i>really</i> shy right now.
Masaya: A-Any other clothes you wanna try on?
Asuka: Oh, I like this outfit the most, so I want to check it from different angles.
Masaya: Well, in that case...
I move my gaze downwards and spot an awfully short skirt.
Masaya: Ah...!
I hurriedly avert my eyes.
Asuka: I think I'm starting to get used to it... Yeah, it really does look cute on me!
Asuka spins around on the spot and checks how she looks from behind.
Masaya: (S-Stop it, Asuka!)
Her skirt floats up, and to make matters worse, her breasts start jiggling.
Asuka: Hmhmhmm... Hmhmhmm....
Asuka flashes a radiant smile as she starts humming.
I'm rooted to the spot with a cramped smile on my face.
Masaya: (I-I won't deny that this is a great view, but it feels more like a hard test than anything right now...)
Misaki: ...Man, couldn't he have been a little more smooth there?
Mashiro: Knowing him, he probably thought something corny like, "honesty's the best policy."
Shindou: I never imagined Hinata-kun would make that face...
Satouin: Allow me to be frank, President. You're starting to scare me.
Madoka: Wow, he just took advantage of the moment and touched! What a perv!
Misaki: Huh? You serious? I missed that! Come on, do it again, Masaya!
Shion: Yeah! I don't really get what's going on, but go ahead, Hinata!
Rika: Guys...
Masaya: Here, for you.
Asuka: Wow, thank you so much!
It's fried chicken from the place Ichinose mentioned the last time we were here.
She said the stall was still open, so I made sure not to pass up on this opportunity.
Masaya: They're freshly fried, so eat them while they're hot!
Asuka: Then I'll start right away!
Asuka throws some fried chicken into her mouth.
Asuka: Hot! Hot...! Uggghhh!
Masaya: Well, yeah, you're not really supposed to throw the whole thing into your mouth like that...
I literally just told her they were freshly fried...
Guess she focused too hard on the "eat them while they're hot" part.
Asuka: Ah, ah... Mmm... Mmm...
At first, Asuka's screaming because of the heat, but her expression starts to morph with every single bite.
Asuka: Mmm... Wow!
Asuka: Delicious!
She seems overjoyed by now.
Masaya: Glad you like it. I got a whole bag for you, so dig in.
I hand Asuka her bag, then open my own.
Asuka: Thanks!
Asuka snacks on another piece of fried chicken with a satisfied expression on her face.
Asuka: They're <i>really</i> delicious, but...
For some reason, she looks conflicted.
Masaya: What, you don't like fried chicken?
Asuka: N-No, I love it!
Asuka: It's just, something's been bothering me...
She shows me the paper bag as she says that.
There's a chicken on it with the phrase "Chickenlicious!" in a word bubble coming from its mouth.
Masaya: What about it?
Asuka: Huh? It doesn't bother you?
Asuka stares at me, seemingly confused.
Asuka: I mean, it feels wrong that the chicken's calling itself yummy...
Masaya: ...What?
Asuka: You see, I love flying fish, so if I ever saw one jump out of the water and say, "I'm delicious!" I would be <i>totally</i> grossed out!
Asuka: That's why bags like these, or ones that say "Moolicious" or "Oinklicious," don't feel right to... Hey, why are you laughing, Masaya-san?!
Masaya: ...Huh? You weren't cracking a joke?
I thought she was just trying to get me to laugh...
Asuka: No! I! Was! Not! Those are my honest feelings! In fact, I'm so serious that I'd ban it if I could!
Masaya: O-Okay, I'm sorry...
Asuka: Geez...
Misaki: Lame. They're still stuck on small talk.
Mashiro: Yeah, Masaya-senpai's <i>really</i> bad at holding interesting conversations.
Misaki: Yep, it's all his fault. He <i>totally</i> should've said, "I wanna snack on you instead of this fried chicken!" What a loser!
Madoka: What are you, a perverted old man?
Shindou: I think this is going well. I was a little worried, but they're actually holding a normal conversation.
Satouin: That's certainly true. In fact, it almost makes me think monitoring them was unnecessary.
Rika: U-Um...!
Madoka: What's wrong, Ichinose-san?
Rika: I-I'm going to go get myself a bag of fried chicken!
Madoka: Huh? Hey, wait, Ichinose-saaan!
Shion: She's already gone...
Satouin: It's unusual for her to just run off like that without waiting for consent...
Shindou: I suppose it's best to split up here, then.
Misaki: Right. Guess we'll go our separate ways.
Shion: Okay, I'll drop by the muscle shop.
Madoka: It sounds pretty gross when you call it a muscle shop... What are you two gonna do?
Misaki: Hm... Let's head out, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Okay! I'll follow you to the ends of the Earth!
Satouin: What about you, President?
Shindou: I'm going home.
Satouin: I see you've lost all interest the moment this outing has stopped being about Masaya Hinata...
Shindou: I heard that, Satou-kun.
Satouin: It's Satouin.
Masaya: I think we've explored the whole place by now.
We've walked around all the floors, so a lot of time has passed.
Asuka: Um... Masaya-san.
Asuka comes to a sudden stop.
Masaya: Yeah?
Asuka: Thank you for today.
Then, she bows her head and thanks me.
Asuka: You were worried because of what I said yesterday, right?
She caught on, huh?
She seemed a little sad when she was talking about her past, which was very unusual for her.
And that's why I was hoping the mall would cheer her up.
Guess I've still got a lot to learn... A real gentleman would've been a lot more subtle to keep her from ever noticing.
Masaya: You don't have to thank me. I just figured it'd be nice to go have fun for a day.
Asuka: Still, I'm happy that you're worried about me.
Masaya: ...You're welcome.
Well, it's fine as long as she appreciates the thought.
Masaya: You know, that's not my only reason... There's actually something I wanna show you.
Asuka: Oh?
Masaya: Yeah... Figured it must be open by now.
I look at the map on the wall as I say that.
Last time I was here, there was an "under construction" sticker that mentioned the roof was off limits.
Masaya: Nice, it's gone.
However, now there's just a name in its place.
Masaya: Okay, let's go.
Asuka: Uh, where?
Masaya: The rooftop.
Asuka: Huh...? The rooftop?
I enter the elevator with Asuka.
Once I press the "R" button, the elevator starts to rise.
Masaya: Okay, we're here.
The doors slide open and we're greeted by dazzling light.
Asuka: Wow...!
Asuka sounds downright amazed.
Iron Mall's rooftop has been under reconstruction for a long time.
But before that, it was a famous attraction that represented the whole area.
And that only happened because it provided the best view on the island. No matter where you look, the deep blue sky stretches out endlessly.
That's why everyone calls it the Skywall.
No one knows how it started, but eventually, everyone was using that name.
Masaya: Oh, they kept the fence out of the way...
The roof used to be surrounded by a fence for security purposes.
However, it seems to now be on a lower section. Smart, since that keeps it from obstructing anyone's view.
Masaya: Gotta thank Satouin-san's family for this.
The sight's even more beautiful than my rose-tinted memories.
Masaya: It's amazing, isn't it, Asu...
I start talking to her, but then realize she's standing with her arms spread out.
Masaya: ......
Is she trying to feel the wind with her body? No, wait, maybe she's being overwhelmed by the desire to take off from here?
Whatever the case, it's clear that she's loving the view, since she's taking in deep breaths as her gaze wanders.
Asuka: Ahhh...
Asuka lets out a wistful sigh as she keeps stretching out her body.
Asuka: Huh? Oh, Masaya-san...
Masaya: Yeah?
Asuka: Um, did you just talk to me?
She looks kind of embarrassed. Guess she didn't hear me.
Masaya: Yeah, I did.
Asuka: I knew I didn't just imagine it! Sorry I ignored you!
Asuka: It's just, this view is so beautiful that I tuned everything else out.
Figured.
Masaya: It's fine, really. I'm just glad you like it.
Asuka: Oh, I don't like it! I <i>love</i> it!
Asuka: I didn't know there was something this amazing here... I'm <i>definitely</i> going to visit again!
I'm sure Satouin-san would be thrilled by the glowing praise.
Asuka: It's making me want to start flying right this instant.
Masaya: Hm?
Asuka: I'm sure if saw this when I first moved here, I would've wanted to fly even without Grav Shoes.
Right. That's normal.
Masaya: You know, this place was already here when I was a kid.
Asuka: Oh, you mean before the reconstruction?
Masaya: Yeah. Back then, there was a fence that went <i>way</i> higher...
I point around at various areas as I revisit my memories with her.
Masaya: There was a hot dog stand over there.
Masaya: Hang gliding was still popular, so you could see people flying over in that direction. They kinda looked like paper planes from this distance...
Blue doesn't fade.
In fact, it feels like that color's right next to me.
My memories are starting to return in vivid colors as I speak to Asuka.
Masaya: And this... was my special spot.
We're at the very center of the roof.
Masaya: Look up.
Asuka: Huh? You mean from here?
Masaya: Sure do.
Asuka follows my instructions.
Asuka: Wow...
Asuka: It's completely blue!
Masaya: Yep. It was the sky I kept all to myself.
Gazing up at the boundless sky from this spot always used to fill me with joy.
Though, that didn't mean I wanted to stay there forever or anything. The place actually made me want to take off and fly as far as possible. It made me want to travel beyond the sky.
And then, my dad took me along to my first FC tournament.
That was the start of everything. Thanks to that seemingly insignificant trip, I started to admire the person who could soar faster and higher than anyone else.
Masaya: That was why I got so obsessed with FC. Learning I could actually fly through the sky changed everything.
I begged my dad to let me become a Grav Shoe beta tester.
And when that worked out, I was flying through the sky nonstop.
Masaya: I really loved it.
The sky, her... and also FC.
Back then, I had no doubts in my mind. I was sure there was no one who could reach the same heights as me.
"With these, I can go anywhere!"
"I can be the first to travel beyond the sky!"
I sincerely believed that.
Masaya: ...And yet, I ended up turning my back on the sky.
The blue world beyond the sky was stolen from me.
My outstretched hand attempted to grab at it, but... nothing remained in my palm.
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka was just silently listening to my story, so that's her first reaction.
Honestly, when I see the sky reflected in her eyes, I'm tempted to continue and tell her all the things I'd rather keep to myself.
Masaya: That's why...
I turn to Asuka with a smile on my face.
Masaya: ...I don't want you to ever experience the same painful things I did.
Masaya: I don't want to see you fall out of love with flying, so please remember how you felt when you first looked up at the sky from this spot.
Masaya: I brought you here to burn that sight into your mind...
Asuka: Really?
I give her a firm nod.
Masaya: Turn to the sky, and don't avert your eyes. The answer lies there.
Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: Those are the words engraved on my old Grav Shoes.
Aoi-san wrote that after I managed to win my first junior tournament.
I begged her to do it, and she eventually gave in.
Masaya: When you're having a hard time and don't know what to do, look up at the sky, and don't turn your eyes away. If you do, you'll find an answer soon enough. Get it?
Asuka: Turn to the sky, and don't avert your eyes. The answer lies there...
Asuka: Saying it is enough to fill me with energy.
Masaya: Yeah... they're pretty powerful words.
Unfortunately, I didn't follow that advice.
And Aoi-san had a sad look on her face when I turned my gaze away from the sky and said farewell to her.
Even now, I tend to think about that moment when I see Aoi-san's face. The pain still lingers in my chest.
Asuka: I don't want to look down ever again.
Asuka says that while she's looking up at the sky.
Asuka: I was always unhappy when I walked around with my eyes on the ground.
Asuka: So, from now on, I'll look to the sky.
Asuka: I'll keep looking at the sky and... believe...
Masaya: ...Good.
A chirping flock of seagulls is flying toward the mountains.
Thin clouds on the mountain range get blown away by the wind.
With all the white completely gone, the sky's dominated by blue.
And Asuka and I stare off into this clear, blue world.
We're staring somewhere beyond the sky.
Masaya: What's taking everyone so long?
Asuka: Oh, Misaki-chan just sent me a text.
Masaya: What's it say?
Asuka: Um, "We don't wanna be third wheels, so we're heading back. Oh, just remembered that udon noodles from Shikoku are on sale. Get me about five bags."
Masaya: ......
Asuka: They left...
Masaya: Those guys...
You know what, I'll ruin her day by getting cold soba noodles instead of what she asked for.
Though, maybe she'd like that too...
Masaya: Well, whatever. Let just head home.
Asuka: U-Um, Masaya-san.
I turn to face Asuka when I hear her call out to me.
Asuka: Can we... take a little detour on the way back?
Masaya: A detour?
Asuka: Yes!
Asuka: What do you say, Masaya-saaan!
Masaya: You're looking good!
Asuka's flying a bit behind me.
Asuka: Look at this! We're flying together!
Asuka's facing upward as she flies just barely above the water's surface.
There's a school of flying fish right by her that are jumping about.
She narrows her eyes every time some water hits her, but other than that, Asuka seems extremely happy.
Asuka: I found this place on the way to the mall. It took everything I had to keep myself from flying with them.
Asuka: Then, when I saw the sky up on the rooftop, I lost control.
Masaya: Can't blame you for that.
We're currently a short way from Fukuru Island.
This area, which is currently sparkling thanks to the sun beating down on the water, is a known fishing ground.
Masaya: (Why's she acting all embarrassed?)
Hm, maybe it's normal to get embarrassed when you're talking about things you like.
Masaya: Did I lay it on a little too thick earlier?
I tend to get <i>really</i> excited when I talk about the sky or FC...
Asuka: Masaya-saaan!
Masaya: What's up?
Asuka shouts my name again.
It turn to her and spot an even bigger smile than before on her face.
Asuka: I really am in love!
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...Huh?
Wh-What's she saying?!
Asuka: I'm in love with...
Asuka: ...flying through the sky!
Masaya: Oh...
I see. That's what she meant.
I mean, that was real obvious. What was I expecting?
Asuka: I'm going to cherish those words!
Masaya: ...I see.
Asuka: Turn to the sky, and don't avert your eyes.
Masaya/Asuka: The answer lies there.
Masaya: The answer lies there.
Asuka: The answer lies there.
Asuka continues to fly alongside the flying fish.
There's no sense of obligation, responsibility, or pressure here. She's just having fun.
I can't let this pure, innocent girl suffer the same setback I did.
Masaya: Turn to the sky, and don't avert your eyes...
Masaya: Enjoy it to your heart's content...
I twist the phrase that defined my childhood.
And sure, that's mostly meant for Asuka, but...
Masaya: Gotta make sure I enjoy it, too...
The horizon is slowly dyed orange.
I turn toward Asuka and quietly repeat those words as I take in the look of utter joy on her face.
Misaki: Asuka did great out there. I think she's back to normal.
Masaya: Agreed. She's a lot better at keeping up with stuff than she was a few days ago.
Her nimble movements clearly show that she's fully recovered.
Masaya: Makes you realize how important it is to enjoy yourself.
Misaki: Yeah, I know <i>exactly</i> what you mean. I'm having the time of my life whenever I eat.
Masaya: Why don't you try redirecting some of that to FC?
Misaki: Ahaha. I'll leave that to Asuka. No way I can compete with her.
Guess that's true...
Madoka: Heeey, Hinata-kun!
Masaya: What's up? They're not done yet, are they?
Shindou-san's supposed to be sparring with Asuka for another ten minutes.
It's too early for it to be over.
Madoka: That's not it. Ms. Kagami just called. She wants to see you.
Masaya: Oh, okay. Guess I'll head to the faculty room.
Madoka: Actually, for some reason, she wants to meet you at Shirase-san's store.
Masaya: Really?
Misaki: Wow, you get to leave early? You lucky dog.
Masaya: It's not like I'm gonna go fool around.
I wonder what this is about...
We just had that whole conversation about Asuka the other day... Could it be about her?
Shirase: Oh, there you are.
Aoi: Sorry for calling you all the way out here in the middle of practice.
Masaya: Don't worry about it... So, did something happen?
Aoi: ...You could say that. Whip it out, Hayato.
Shirase: Sure thing.
Shirase-san pulls out a laptop after he says that.
Shirase: You know it's time for the nationals, right?
Obviously.
Shindou-san's normally our region's representative.
But this time, Saki Inui's taking his place.
Shirase: Well, the results are out.
Masaya: I see. Forgot the grand finals were today. So, who won?
I haven't been keeping up with it.
Partially because it's on a remote island that's south of Kyushu, which makes it hard to keep track. Though, the main reason is that I'm sure I know how it'll turn out.
Shirase: Saki Inui. She crushed the competition. Her opponent didn't manage to take the lead even once.
Masaya: ...I see.
I knew what he was going to say, but that doesn't soften the blow at all.
Honestly, I kind of wanted her to win, since she beat Shindou-san and all. Still, I'm in awe at her dominant display.
Aoi: The problem is <i>how</i> she won.
Masaya: Huh? What do you mean?
Shirase: See for yourself.
Instead of answering my question, Shirase-san simply points at his laptop's screen.
On it, I see a recording of a local TV channel from the area the nationals took place.
Masaya: Is this Inui's match?
Shirase: It is.
Masaya: Sweet. This'll be a huge help.
Inui's been destroying videos of her matches for a while now, so it's hard to find any tape on her.
Luckily, this tournament just took place, so she probably hasn't had a chance to scrub the recordings... Man, good thing we have Shirase-san in our corner.
Shirase: Yeah, you'd assume that. The problem is...
Shirase-san trails off as he plays the video.
Inui and her opponent appear on screen.
There are some subtitles that display the players' schools and names, too, but they look pretty cheap.
Masaya: Oh, he's...
I think I've seen him on FC fansites...
Aoi: He's Iwate Prefecture's representative, Asami Tadahiko. And up until the grand finals, he swept all of his opponents.
Oh, now I remember. He's a pretty famous player in northeastern Japan.
His home is an area full of mountains, but he's among the best despite that handicap, which has earned him the nickname "Child of Ria."
He's so good that he's never failed to make the nationals.
Masaya: If I remember correctly, he put up a good fight against Shindou-san last year.
Aoi: How do you think Inui faced a player of his caliber?
Masaya: Huh? Um...
Well, she'd jump to the second line, then use that disgusting Bird Cage to...
Masaya: ...Did she use a different style?
Aoi: Watch.
I look at the screen.
Masaya: Seriously?!
This can't be...
In the video, she's racing straight toward second.
And after that, she soars right to third.
Masaya: Um, this is...
It's nothing like her usual playstyle.
Masaya: She's playing like a normal Speeder...
From first to second, then second to third...
Inui's competing in the most straightforward manner imaginable.
Aoi: Exactly. She competed in the nationals as a Speeder.
Aoi: You do realize what that means, right?
Masaya: Yeah... I think I do.
I'm pretty sure Saki Inui chooses her playstyle based on her opponent.
Which means she only showed off her playstyle that destroys the regular conventions of FC because she acknowledged Shindou-san's skill.
The nationals may have technically been more important, but there was no one there as good as him, so she didn't take it seriously. God, I feel bad for her opponents...
She was trying to win while concealing her secrets, and it worked.
Shirase: There you have it. I've been trying to get my hands on data to help you, but yeah...
Aoi: Our opponent is a lot stronger than we imagined.
Masaya: It's fine, really... Thanks.
I understand why they called me out here.
Knowing that our opponent is so thorough is helpful in its own way.
Our goal is to win while enjoying ourselves... Unfortunately, that just seems harder and harder every time I learn something new about our opponent.
Shirase: Hm, you don't look all that scared or depressed.
Aoi: Yeah, you're actually grinning instead, Masaya.
Masaya: Really? Well, I am kinda fired up...
Not knowing a thing about our opponent is terrifying, but I can't let that drag us down.
It's better to just look forward to the challenge.
I can't stop thinking about how to gather information on Saki Inui as I walk back home.
At the end of the day, more information can't hurt. Like, it would <i>really</i> help if we knew how she practiced.
Unfortunately, I doubt Shirase-san's contacts will dig up anything. Plus, the internet's a total bust.
Masaya: What to do...
It's hard to resist the temptation to find out more about the enemy before us.
However, all the information is shrouded in a thick curtain.
Masaya: (I've gotta come up with something...)
I just have to.
Minori: Hey, quit rushin'! We're gonna get caught if ya get carried away and walk too far!
Masaya: Which way should I go?
Minori: Oh, you've gotta turn left... Man, can't say I expected you to go with my plan!
Masaya: Don't say that! I'm not doing this because I want to!
Asuka: C-Calm down...
In the end, I wandered about aimlessly after I failed to come up with a way to gather information on Saki Inui.
And Hosaka just so happened to appear right before I got home.
Masaya: I was doomed the moment I told her what I was thinking... Can't believe I let her blackmail me into this...
Minori: Hey, Coach! Your thoughts are leakin'!
Masaya: ...I won't show you any mercy if Asuka ever sees that video.
Minori: No worries, Coach! Journalists <i>always</i> keep their word.
I find that hard to believe when it's coming from someone who's willing to resort to blackmail.
Masaya: Anyway, why'd you involve Asuka? She's got nothing to do with this. I don't want her to get into any trouble...
Asuka: Oh, I asked her to let me tag along.
Masaya: Huh? R-Really?
Asuka: Yes... I'm willing to do anything to see how Inui-san practices.
Minori: See, it's not my fault!
Masaya: Uh, no, it <i>totally</i> is. You shouldn't have told her about any of this...
Minori: What's the big deal? Oh, you've gotta turn right, then just keep walkin' straight.
Masaya: Yeah, whatever.
I'm blaming everything on you if we get caught, Hosaka.
Minori: We're here. This is Kairyou's practice facility.
Masaya: This place? Damn, it's got a roof and everything...
Asuka: It's amazing...
We finally spot Kairyou's practice facility once we get out of the woods.
It's like a baseball stadium with a dome.
Minori: It's to protect her from the weather. She can practice in there rain or shine, so it's one of her secret weapons.
Masaya: Makes sense. Plus, there's no danger of any secrets leaking thanks to the dome.
Minori: Bingo! They're tryin' to keep pests like us out.
Minori: ...Try to keep your voice down. They ain't gonna let us leave peacefully if we get caught.
Masaya: Uh, what...? You know what, forget it. I'll just keep my voice down.
Asuka: Understood. I'll be very quiet...
Minori: 'Kay, then let's take a look. I found a spot that gives ya the best view of what's goin' on inside.
I follow her instructions and peer inside.
Minori: Wonder what they're up to...
Masaya: Here goes nothing... Oh, there she is.
Asuka: Yes, I see her... too.
Asuka: That's...
Asuka's alarmed by what she sees.
Masaya: Ah...
And honestly, so am I.
Inui's engaging in a dogfight.
Which is all fine and dandy, but the way she's doing it is abnormal.
Asuka: She's doing the same three versus one practice as me!
That's right. Inui's practice is a lot like our own.
Masaya: Man, she's got some insanely good opponents...
Minori: You can say that again.
Asuka: Are they that amazing?
Masaya: ...We have Johansson from Finland, Chapman from England, and last, but certainly not least, the runner-up of last year's Europe Championship, Greiner from Germany.
Asuka: Huh? Um, what kind of players are they?
Minori: Lemme explain.
Minori: Lumikki Johansson is a Finnish player who won the Europe Junior Championship in her school days. Her incredibly agile play has earned her the title "Scandinavian Gale."
Minori: Then, we have the English player, Eric Chapman. Everyone thinks he'll be the next big thing. He's feared for his playstyle of never letting his opponent out of his grasp, which reminds people of a snake with its teeth sunk into its prey.
Minori: And finally, there's the best of the bunch. The German player, Gerhard Greiner. Because of his initials and his skills, he's called "The Big GG." Like Coach just said, he came in second at the Europe Championship last year.
Asuka: S-So they're all strong pros?!
Minori: Yep. Plus, they're all from Europe, which normally dominates FC, so it's weird to see them in Japan.
Yeah, this is a mindblowing lineup.
They're players I've only ever seen on TV and the internet. Hell, even Aoi-san only ever met them once or twice, and she played professionally overseas.
Yet, they're allowing themselves to be used as pawns. And to make matters worse, they're all going at her at the same time, which means they're basically admitting they stand no chance against her.
Masaya: This is...
Minori: Not surprised that you're kinda scared. Just don't let it get to...
Masaya: ...<i>really</i> exciting, isn't it, Asuka?
I look at Asuka as I finish my sentence.
Asuka: Yes! Their movements are incredible! Plus, Inui-san looks so cool out there!
Masaya: Totally!
It's easy to give in to fear.
However, there's no real point burdening yourself with that pressure, since that'll just weigh you down.
In fact, it's more important to have the exact opposite mindset. Getting excited about a challenge is a far better path to victory.
...I finally get it now, Aoi-san.
Minori: Well, that ain't the reaction I expected...
Minori: ......
Minori: Guess that's just how it's gonna go.
Inui keeps running through this superhuman level of practice.
And, as we observe it all, sighs keep escaping our lips.
However, they aren't sighs of resignation.
Instead, they're born out of a sense of admiration, as well as a desire to join in on the fun.
Minori: It's a lil' late now, huh?
Asuka: Thanks for your help, Minori-chan!
Minori: Don't sweat it. Just hope this was useful.
Asuka: It was!
Asuka: Masaya-san, let's give it our best shot tomorrow!
Masaya: Sure thing. Later.
I wave at Asuka as she heads on home.
Minori: Um, Coach...
Masaya: What?
Hosaka pulls out a memory card with a serious expression on her face.
Minori: I'm lettin' ya have this.
Masaya: ...What's on it?
Minori: All the pics I have of Saki Inui. Got 'em while I was diggin' for scoops. Don't go passin' 'em around, ya hear?
Masaya: Huh? But aren't these...
She must have spent a long time gathering these for her articles...
Minori: Well, duh, they're important to me! That's why I'm tellin' ya to be careful!
Masaya: G-Got it... But why share them with me now?
I hope this isn't another harebrained scheme she's cooked up to manipulate me...
Minori: I'm excited.
Masaya: Huh?
Minori: I'm dyin' to see Asuka-senpai beat that emotionless "Monarch of the Skies" with a smile on her face. That's the kinda picture I want in my articles!
Masaya: Hosaka, you...
Minori: Call me if ya ever need any help, Coach! I'll do what I can to help make it a fair fight!
Minori: Well, that's all I've got for now! Catch ya later!
Masaya: ......
Masaya: I'll put this to good use, Hosaka.
Avalon Employee: ...The intruders watched the entire practice session, then swiftly made their escape through the woods and returned home.
Irina: I see.
Avalon Employee: How should we deal with them? Do you want us to contact their school to get them punished?
Irina: No, that won't be necessary. Nothing they saw is all that damaging.
Avalon Employee: U-Understood.
Irina: Is there anything else to report?
Avalon Employee: There is one thing... I observed them the entire time and the Kunahama students, um...
Irina: What is it?
Avalon Employee: They appeared... excited. Like, they didn't seem shocked in any way.
Irina: ......
Avalon Employee: Oh, I'm sorry for reporting such an irrelevant detail.
Irina: No, that information is quite valuable... Thank you.
Avalon Employee: I-It's my pleasure!
Irina: You may take your leave now.
Avalon Employee: Understood! Excuse me!
Irina: ......
Irina: You're quite naive, Masaya Hinata.
Irina: Perhaps it's finally time to have a proper chat with him...
Masaya: Okay, this is your chance, Asuka! Rush in from the side!
Asuka: Got it!
Shindou: Ugh...! Not bad, Kurashina-kun!
Masaya: Nice! You made him give up some ground. Now, drive him down and corner him!
Asuka: Understood!
Misaki: Damn... This is amazing.
Madoka: I can't believe she's even overwhelming Shindou-san now...
Mashiro: It's hard for me to even follow her with my eyes at this point.
Shion: Really? I don't have a problem keeping up.
Madoka: Wow, I can't believe being a speed freak is actually coming in handy!
Rika: Come to think of it, Hinata-san joined in on the practice a few days ago as Asuka's second, didn't he?
Misaki: Right. Said he wanted to get used to it before the fall tournament.
Rika: Huh? But there's still a lot of time left...
Misaki: Yeah. Kinda just feels like they're both excited.
Madoka: Maybe it's thanks to that spying they did the other day?
Rika: Oh, okay...
Misaki: Huh? What's this sound?
Mashiro: Someone's ringtone? But it's not mine...
Madoka: Oh, sorry. It's mine.
Madoka: Never fear, Madoka-chan's here! Oh, Ms. Kagami? Hi.
Misaki: It's Madoka's, huh?
Rika: What kind of ringtone is that?
Madoka: Yeah, Hinata-kun's in the middle of practice right now... Huh? Wait, what?!
Madoka: Okay, I'm on it. I'll let him know.
Misaki: Something wrong?
Mashiro: Sure sounds like it...
Madoka: Yeah, I'm a little surprised.
Rika: Did something happen?
Madoka: Hinata-kun has a visitor.
Madoka: And it's the person he wants to see least right now...
Misaki: Hm?
Masaya: I haven't been up here in a long time...
I'm at a large garden that's located on the roof of our main school building.
It's a pretty popular spot, so it gets real crowded at lunch.
I eat lunch in our clubroom and head to practice right after school, so I never have the time, or a good reason, to visit the place.
That's why I haven't been up here in nearly a year.
Masaya: I finally get to see it again, but she has to be here to kill the mood...
I approach the person who's waiting for me near the back of the garden.
Masaya: Sorry I kept you waiting.
She has the same friendly smile on her face as the last time I met her...
Irina: Oh no, I haven't waited.
Irina-san greets me with those words.
This is her second visit to Kunahama.
Compared to her grand entrance last time, this is rather anticlimactic.
However, that actually makes things worse, since I can't even guess at her motives.
Masaya: (Does she want another practice match?)
No way I'll agree to that.
Masaya: (I won't let her try to break Asuka's spirit...)
I calm my breathing and face this monster before me.
She seems a lot larger than her actual height. Guess that just goes to show how intimidating she is...
Masaya: What brings you here today?
I open the conversation with the main question on my mind.
Irina: First of all, I want to apologize for last visit.
Masaya: Apologize...? You mean for challenging us to a practice match without any prior notice?
Irina: Yes, that's right. That was far too abrupt. It was very rude of me, so I deeply regret it.
Irina-san lowers her head as she says that.
Irina: I apologize for my actions... I hope you can forgive me.
...Why do I feel so uneasy when she's just delivering an apology?
Maybe it's just because she's hard to deal with in general, but I've been feeling this dull ache in my body ever since I got up here...
Masaya: Don't worry about it. I'm not holding it against you or anything. So, is that all?
I doubt it, but a man can dream.
Maybe I'll get off easy.
Irina: No.
Irina-san slowly raises her head again, at which point I find the same friendly smile as always plastered on her face.
Irina: Let us talk about the main reason I'm here, Masaya Hinata.
Masaya: Ah...!
Madoka: Excuse me.
Aoi: Oh, younger Aoyagi. Is practice over?
Madoka: Yeah. Everyone's already left but Asuka-chan. She's going to wait around for Hinata-kun to get back.
Aoi: Haha... She's a pretty devoted girl.
Madoka: Ms. Kagami...
Aoi: Something wrong? That scary look <i>really</i> doesn't suit your face.
Madoka: Why did you let her meet Hinata-kun?
Aoi: Oh, it's about that.
Madoka: It's obvious that she's up to no good...
Madoka: Asuka-chan's finally in the right state of mind. If Irina-san pulls something weird again, we might drop back to square one.
Madoka: You should know that, so why...
Aoi: Trespassing.
Madoka: Ah...!
Aoi: She said she'd forget about them trespassing on her school's grounds if I let her meet him, so I had no choice.
Madoka: Oh...
Aoi: You knew, didn't you? Not good, Ms. Manager. You should've reported that to me immediately.
Madoka: I'm sorry... Nothing happened, so we figured they didn't notice.
Aoi: Well, don't worry about it. Honestly, I expected him to pull something like that sooner or later.
Madoka: But... what'll we do if they mess with Asuka-chan again and kill her motivation?
Aoi: That won't happen, Aoyagi.
Madoka: How are you so sure?
Aoi: Irina didn't come here to break Asuka. In fact, that wasn't even her intention during her last visit.
Aoi: In her mind, that whole match was just a stepping stone on her path to achieving her goals, and this meeting is no different.
Madoka: Huh? But if she's not after Asuka-chan, then...
Madoka: Oh! Don't tell me...
Aoi: Yeah...
Masaya: Well, go on. What do you actually want?
Irina-san takes a step forward after I ask that question.
Irina: Answer my question first, Hinata-san.
Masaya: Hm?
Irina: You don't actually think Asuka Kurashina is the right opponent for Saki, do you?
Masaya: What are you trying to say?
Is she implying Asuka's not good enough?
Maybe that was true before, but now she's better than Misaki. By this point, even Shindou-san thinks she has a real shot at winning.
And from what I've seen, I'm with him on that.
Masaya: You don't think Asuka can cut it?
Irina: No, that's not my point. Asuka-san is a very good player.
Masaya: Then what are you...?
Irina: When will you stop running away?
Irina-san stabs me right in the heart with a "knife" she has hidden.

Masaya: ...What?
Irina: When will you finally stop running away, former Flying Circus Junior Japan Representative, Masaya Hinata?
Madoka: It's Hinata-kun... isn't it?
Aoi: ...Yeah.
Madoka: What's she planning on doing to him?
Aoi: There's only one possibility. She's going to poke open his old wounds.
Madoka: His wounds?
Aoi: Still, it's something he'll need to face sooner or later, since he's getting more and more involved with FC. Maybe this is a good opportunity.
Madoka: I don't know Hinata-kun all that well, so I'm not sure what you're talking about.
Madoka: Do you think he'll be okay?
Aoi: I don't know, but it should be fine. Masaya has friends by his side now, so he's not alone. Plus, he even has Kurashina.
Madoka: Asuka-chan...
Aoi: He's a lot stronger now, so things should turn out just fine.
Madoka: ......
Pain shoots through my body, making it hard to form proper words.
Masaya: What are... you...?
Irina: I told you that I'd heard of you.
She did mention something along those lines during the summer tournament.
I think it was, "I don't care whether it'll be one of the players you raised, or you yourself..."
But back then, I didn't take her words seriously, since I just assumed she was being dramatic.
Irina: That's why I tried to get you to face Saki after the tournament.
Masaya: Ah...!
Irina: But unfortunately, Ms. Kagami turned down my request.
...I see. That explains what she told me back then.
Aoi: "Besides, it's not like I just agreed to everything. I'll have you know that I shot down her first suggestion right away."
Masaya: "Oh? What'd she want?"
Aoi: "It's not happening, so don't worry about it... Anyway, go prepare for the match now."
Irina: You were well known even among the international community, Hinata-san. People praised you to the ends of the Earth, saying you would change FC itself someday, which was why I learned everything I could about you.
Irina: And yet... by the time I finally managed to step into the ring, you had quit.
Masaya: ...What do you want from me?
I barely manage to squeeze out those words with my hoarse voice.
Irina: Allow me to repeat myself. When will you stop running away, Masaya Hinata?
Masaya: What do you mean? I'm not running away from anything.
Irina: You're saying that even though you can't fly? You hide your wings, like a coward.
Masaya: Ugh...
Irina: What happened to the boy who once aspired to become the best and climb to heights yet unknown?
Irina: Pathetic. You're just hiding in fear and making the people you're coaching fight in your place. Tell me, how is that not running away?
Masaya: How can you...!
Irina: Oh, does the truth hurt?
Masaya: L-Like I said, you're wrong!
Irina: But I'm not.
Irina: You just keep telling these girls they have talent as you place them on the frontline to face strong opponents. Is that <i>really</i> what you want?
Masaya: Stop!
Irina: The truth is, you're hiding behind your position as a second and coach to keep any sense of shock from a loss at arm's length. Go on, admit it.
Masaya: I keep telling you... you're wrong!
Irina: Just admit it, Masaya Hinata!
Irina: Are you going to keep running away forever? Is this really how you want to live your life?
Irina: Answer me!
Masaya: Dammit...!
I sink to the ground as my knees give out.
Then, I place my hands on the ground, grip the grass, and crush it.
Masaya: No... You're wrong...
I want to say something, anything, but I can't bring myself to say anything substantial.
I thought I'd worked past all this. I thought I'd gotten over most of my trauma already.
But now, my old wounds are throbbing once more. And as I mull over everything, a dark parasite starts to take over my body.
Masaya: It's not like...
I keep trying to deny her claims, but my voice is so quiet that I'm sure Irina-san can't make it out anymore.
I know my words won't reach anyone.
Hell, they're not even reaching me...
And so, I hang my head as I begin to feel sick.
But then...
Asuka: You're wrong!
Masaya: Huh?
Irina: Ah...!
I hear a voice deny those claims as they threaten to suffocate me. And, in a way, they give me strength as well.
Startled, I look up.
Asuka: You're... wrong!
And when I do, I see Asuka standing there, staring straight into Irina-san's eyes.
Asuka: Masaya-san... isn't that kind of person!
Irina: Asuka Kurashina... I didn't expect you to join us.
Irina-san's staring at Asuka now, but her expression remains the same.
She's still not fazed by anything we've said. Pretty impressive.
It takes a lot of courage to stand tall and never waver.
Masaya: Asuka...?
Asuka: I'm sorry I overheard your conversation. It was an accident. I just came to look for you because it seemed like you were taking a lot of time.
Asuka: And when I heard what she said, I couldn't hold back.
Irina: Oh? Why?
Asuka: You just claimed Masaya-san's running away, right? Well, you couldn't be more wrong.
Irina: But he <i>is</i> running away. He refuses to fight even though he's more than capable.
Asuka: And I'm saying you have the wrong idea.
Irina: ...Explain.
Asuka: Masaya-san <i>is</i> fighting. He's been standing in front of me, fighting to make me a better Skywalker, this whole time.
Asuka: He spends every waking moment thinking of new strategies or ways to practice, so he actually has it <i>way</i> harder than me.
Asuka: So take it back! Take back what you said about him running away like a coward!
Asuka's words are filled with determination.
However, despite all that, Irina-san remains calm and composed.
Irina: Asuka Kurashina.
Asuka: Y-Yes?
Irina: ...I'm sorry that my words have struck a nerve.
Irina: However, I will not change my opinion. Hinata-san <i>is</i> running away.
Asuka: Why are you...
Irina: Because Masaya Hinata is a Skywalker who can reign at the top of the FC world.
For some reason, Irina-san's voice sounds awfully kind all of a sudden.
Irina: Come with me, Hinata-san.
She extends a hand out to me after saying that.
Irina: The Avalon Group will spare no expense to help raise a player with your potential.
Irina: Nationality, gender, none of those matter. We merely desire individuals who are willing to focus solely on being the best.
Irina: And I know that's your greatest wish. I know that desire to be the best Skywalker in the world still lingers within you.
Masaya: You want me to make a comeback?
Irina: That's right. I'm sure you'll help Saki grow, and change the world of FC forever.
Irina-san's smile is dazzling.
Irina: Asuka-san still has a lot to learn, so we're willing to assign a professional coach to her. That should set your mind at ease, no?
Asuka: I'll get a different coach...?
Irina: You don't have time to waste on anything other than practice. Dig yourself out of the pit you're stuck in right this instant, Masaya Hinata.
Right now, my heart's pounding against my chest.
Because of my indecisiveness, she... What the hell am I doing?
Irina: This isn't the place you should be. It's time for you to wake up.
Irina: Take my hand.
Irina-san extends her hand some more.
And, after a moment of hesitation...
Irina: Huh?
I get up and position myself in front of Asuka without taking her hand.
Masaya: A place where I can forget everything else and just practice all day, huh?
Masaya: Sounds perfect. Bet I would've loved the idea back when I was a kid. Getting to train in a state-of-the-art facility in Europe would've been a dream come true.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Asuka's voice sounds a little hoarse.
Irina: I'm glad you understand. That's why you should hurry up and...
Masaya: But I'm different now.
Irina: ......
Masaya: I'll never make that choice because I know you're wrong.
Irina: I'm wrong...? About what, exactly?
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Ah...!
Masaya: Listen, Asuka isn't some weak, insignificant player like you think.
Irina: But she is. You know as well as I do that she doesn't even hold a candle to Saki.
Masaya: Maybe not right now, but that could all change tomorrow.
Irina: Tomorrow?
Masaya: Hell, it could even happen the day after tomorrow, or the day after that. All I know is that she's gonna climb higher and higher. See, what you don't get is that Asuka has no ceiling.
Irina: That's a rather foolish statement. Every player realizes their limits eventually. Once someone reaches the top of the world, they start to stagnate.
Masaya: And that's my point. I'm saying Asuka's different. She's got her eyes set on something <i>way</i> bigger than being at the top of the FC world, so she'll never waver.
Irina: Oh really? Enlighten me, then. Where exactly is she looking?
Masaya: The sky.
Irina: What...?
Masaya: Her main goal is to travel beyond the sky, to keep flying higher and higher. That's Asuka Kurashina's true desire.
Irina: Travel beyond... the sky?
I've been wondering what sets Asuka apart for quite a while now.
Why does she never fear strong opponents? How can she keep improving day after day?
I asked myself those questions constantly, and thanks to that, I've finally reached an answer.
Masaya: When I first saw Saki Inui, I was afraid of her. But now I know I have nothing to worry about.
Masaya: ...Asuka and I are going to defeat you two, so I've got no reason to take you up on your offer.
I give Irina-san that reply, bow to her, and then turn away.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes.
Masaya: Let's get going.
We've got more important things to do.
Asuka: Okay...!
We turn our backs to Irina-san.
Then, without a moment's delay, we start walking toward the staircase.
Irina: Are you really going to abandon FC?
Irina: You're a legendary Skywalker who once dominated the sk--
I stop.
And then, I decide to answer her question without ever turning around.
Masaya: I will return...
Masaya: ...with Asuka.
Irina: Kgh...!
Masaya: Excuse us.
Further than anyone else. Higher than anyone else.
Asuka's trying to reach the place I've always dreamed of seeing.
And she wants to do it with a smile on her face.
Masaya: ......
Asuka: ......
We're back at the clubroom, staring off into space silently.
Practice is over for the day, so we're the only ones left.
It feels kinda awkward to be sitting across from each other like this, which is why I'm trying not to meet her gaze.
Asuka: U-Um, Masaya-san... I'm sorry.
Asuka breaks the silence.
Asuka: I just rushed in and said all those things even though--
Masaya: Asuka.
I interrupt Asuka.
Asuka: Huh...? Um, yes?
Masaya: I'm really happy that you told her I'm fighting alongside you.
Asuka: I-It was no big deal...
Asuka: I was just trying to convey my honest feelings, since I know for a fact that you've been fighting this whole time.
Masaya: Thanks, but...
Back then, Asuka cheered me right up.
I gained strength thanks to her words of encouragement.
However, doubt still lingers in my heart.
Masaya: Thing is, she was kinda right... I'm choosing not to fly even though I can.
The sight of me without a pair of FC Grav Shoes on used to be rare.
But now I only ever wear usual commuter ones.
Masaya: I wasn't always like this.
Yeah...
I used to wear my flight suit more often than my regular clothes.
But I can't even remember the last time I've worn one.
Masaya: I was once a Skywalker.
Those words flow right out of my mouth.
This all happened back when I was still in elementary school.
At the time, I was doing fine in school and more traditional sports, but didn't really stand out in any way.
And that was because I never managed to find anything I could pour my heart into. I just killed time every single day without ever figuring out what I truly wanted to do.
That didn't stop me from looking, though.
I desperately searched for something new I could master, something unique that I could dominate, because I wanted to travel beyond the known world and take in unseen sights.
And that desire grew stronger with each passing day.
Eventually, I discovered FC.
It all started when my dad took me to a regional tournament.
To be honest, I didn't really expect much. I only agreed to tag along because I had nothing better to do.
However, I fell in love with FC instantly.
Players were racing through the sky at unimaginable speeds, employing all sorts of different tactics in a desperate struggle for points.
And most of all, one particular Skywalker left an incredibly strong impression on me.
Aoi Kagami.
Back in the day, no one else in Japan could even touch her.
I was entranced by the sight of a player who swept a regional tournament with little effort.
The sheer beauty of the contrails left behind by her Grav Shoes made a new desire bloom within me.
"I want to fly."
My constant search ended on that day.
The first encounter I had with this revolutionary new form of technology changed my way of life forever.
When I reached the minimum operation age, I got my hands on some Grav Shoes and flew around every chance I got.
There weren't many places I could go, since flight areas were still fairly restricted, but a brand new world opened up to me.
Unfortunately, I couldn't get FC out of my mind.
And soon enough, flying wasn't enough to satisfy me.
I wanted to be faster. I wanted to stoke the fire that had been lit in my heart as I watched the regional tournament.
But most of all, I wanted to meet that player who had inspired me.
Luckily, I got an opportunity to do that rather fast.
My dad knew someone who was related to Aoi-san, so he got her to agree to teach me.
We went over the basics together, and then I worked up the courage to ask her what I truly wanted.
"Please teach me FC."
Aoi-san was dumbfounded by my request, but she quickly burst out laughing.
I still remember what she asked me as she rubbed my head.
"Do you love the sky?"
I don't remember exactly how I replied.
Though, it was probably something like, "Yeah I do" or, "More than anything." Either way, the expression on Aoi-san's face stuck with me.
Despite how cheerful and kind she was acting, there was a sad look in her eyes.
And I didn't understand how that was possible when she was a champion.
Masaya: You love flying, don't you?
Asuka nods.
Masaya: Thing is, sometimes it's easier to get hurt because of how much you love it.
Should I keep going? Should I actually let Asuka in on how this story ends?
...I should. Considering where Asuka's headed, I'm sure she'll experience the exact same sense of pain someday.
Masaya: ...Do you want me to continue?
Asuka: ......
Asuka: ...Please do.
Asuka gives me an even firmer nod this time around.
She's staring at me intently, indicating that she doesn't want to miss a single word.
And so, I slowly continue my story.
Aoi-san agreed to become my coach, so I was on cloud nine.
She spent half a year drilling the basics into me, at which point I participated in a tournament full of older, more experienced players. But somehow, I managed to finish in third.
After that, the FC Association recognized me as a representative of Japan in the newly established U-12 bracket.
Thanks to that, the number of interviews requests kept going up. And, around the same time, Aoi-san participated in the World Championship, so people started to talk me up as her disciple.
They started to claim I was some prodigy who would change FC forever.
All that talk made me certain FC was what I was looking for all along, which was why I spread my wings and soared through the sky to my heart's content.
The sight of me flying seemed to make a lot of people happy.
Which, in turn, had me over the moon.
However...
Masaya: Haaah... Haaah... What... is this...?
My whole body was covered in sweat and my breathing was ragged.
That was the third time I had woken up due to a nightmare that day.
My dried up throat hurt and my vision was fuzzy.
Sleepless nights have become the norm for me.
I won the regionals in my age group, then proceeded to dominate the nationals.
Aoi-san was so happy that people would've thought she was the one who won.
Around then, the people around me started talking about going international.
However, the more I kept winning, the more I started to fear flying.
My Grav Shoes, which used to feel like an extension of my body, became heavy weights that dragged me down.
The pressure was overwhelming me.
I couldn't tell Aoi-san that, though.
She believed in me more than anyone else, to the point where it seemed like watching me improve was her main source of joy in life.
I knew she would do her best to help fix my problem if I told her.
But I could also picture the disappointed look on her face, which kept me from telling her anything.
Besides, at that time, Aoi-san was busy practicing for her international debut.
She was already sacrificing enough of her valuable time for me, so I figured it wasn't right to stress her out more by burdening her with my personal problems.
Aoi Kagami was the player I looked up to most.
That was why I decided to handle it on my own.
...Unfortunately, the pressure I was exposed to was beyond what my little body could take.
Masaya: Ugh... I feel sick... Urk...!
The nightmares and sleepless nights grew worse, transforming into a sense of nausea that constantly tormented me.
Masaya: Why... is this happening...?
After being awakened by my usual nightmares, my gaze fell onto the shelf with all my trophies, ribbons, and interview clippings on it.
Masaya: This isn't what I wanted...
Why did I have to suffer?
Flying through the sky used to be the most fun thing in the world.
Flying higher and faster than anyone else used to be pure bliss.
But I could only ever get to that point by competing in tournaments and coming out on top.
I wanted the fun to last forever, so I had to keep practicing and winning.
But the more I won, the more the pressure built up.
At that point, I tried to use the "glory" that supposedly came with winning to distract myself from the pressure.
...But I knew all along that it had grown to a point where I could no longer ignore it.
Masaya: I just wanted to fly...
Masaya: I just wanted to have fun flying...
I was talking to my own, sweat-drenched hand.
Naturally, I didn't receive any response.
Then, on a certain day one week before the world championships...
...I played against a random boy I met by chance while I was practicing.
I never imagined I would lose. I mean, there was no way someone who dominated the nationals could lose to an amateur, right?
And yet... the boy grew at an astonishing rate over a short two hour period.
Techniques I mastered through weeks of harsh practice, ways of flying I trained by working to the point where I had tears in my eyes...
He kept learning them like they were no sweat.
? ? ?: Amazing. You can fly like this, huh? Man, this is real fun!
There's nothing fun about this.
Cut it out and give back what you stole!
? ? ?: Hey! You hear me? Show me more awesome ways to fly!
No! How much more are you gonna steal from me before you're satisfied?!
How are you learning all these things I worked hard to master so easily?!
Give them back! Give everything back!
? ? ?: What's wrong? What about our match?
Shut up! I'm done here!
I mean, if we keep playing... I...
Stop it...! Quit asking for more!
? ? ?: Why can't we keep going?
Shut up! Go away! Don't ever show your face around me again!
Don't ask me why!
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
Masaya: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...!
Torn magazines and tournament certificates were before my eyes.
The trophy I won had been broken into two pieces at the neck.
Masaya: What the hell... What the hell!
I grabbed the scattered scraps of paper and threw them to the ground.
The word "prodigy," which was on one of the articles about me, entered my eyes.
However, it was fuzzy because my vision was stained with tears.
Masaya: Haha...! Hahaha...!
I stared at that scrap as I laughed at myself.
Masaya: A prodigy...? How exactly am I a prodigy?
Everything was taken from me.
I strongly believed I found my place in life.
I strongly believed I could stay there, looking up at the sky forever.
I strongly believed I was ahead of anyone else.
And yet, everything came crashing down around me.
Masaya: Someone like him is the real deal...
Someone like him, who managed to master everything I threw at him, was the prodigy.
He was the one who deserved to remain in the sky.
Masaya: Hic... Hic... G-Goddammit!
At that point, I just wanted to forget it all.
The sky, the world... and also FC.
I could no longer follow in Aoi-san's footsteps.
In fact, I didn't even have a right to remain in the sky...
Masaya: And that's why I ran away.
I explained absolutely everything to her.
From the reason I quit FC, to what was going through my head.
And honestly, it kinda feels like it's helping me come to terms with the past.

Masaya: Pretty pathetic, huh?
Masaya: Here I am talking big, trying to give everyone pep talks, when I'm just a coward who doesn't dare to take to the sky.
Masaya: I'm a terrible coach.
I managed to stand my ground and fire back at Irina-san earlier, but...
That only happened because I didn't want to let Asuka down. It isn't like I felt particularly strong or confident in that moment.
I just barely pulled myself together thanks to Asuka.
Asuka: That's...
Asuka seems to be having trouble finding the right words.
Asuka: That's not true at all!
Asuka: That story just convinces me that you <i>are</i> the best coach!
Masaya: I'm not.
Asuka: You are!
Asuka immediately denies my words, which makes it hard for me to respond.
Asuka: Your painful memories are helping you teach a good for nothing girl like me.
Masaya: But I ran away...
Asuka: And because you did, you can teach me how to avoid the same outcome.
Asuka: That isn't something just anyone can do.
Masaya: ......
Asuka: Please don't put yourself down anymore.
Asuka: In my eyes, you're the cool, kind, generous person who taught me the joys of flight.
Masaya: I am...?
She really feels that way about me?
I remember saying something just like that to Aoi-san...
Yeah, I'm sure that happened, which is why I know how to react.
No one wants to see their idols fall, and Aoi-san never let me down in that regard.
If I deny Asuka's words now, I'll kill her motivation.
Masaya: Asuka...
Asuka: Y-Yes!
Masaya: ...Sorry. I won't whine anymore.
Masaya: If you think I'm cool, I'll just have to work real hard to live up to that.
Asuka: U-Um... I didn't offend you or anything, did I?
Masaya: No... not at all.
I pat Asuka's head lightly.
Masaya: Thanks, you cheered me up. I mean it.
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka: You're welcome...!
I can't get all depressed when Asuka's around.
It's fine when I'm alone, but when I'm with her, I have to live up to the image she has of me in her mind.
Masaya: Well, it's time to head home.
The sky's starting to turn orange. Better get home before it's dark out.
Masaya: Asuka, you should...
I look at Asuka.
For some reason, she is gazing at me with sparkling eyes.
Asuka: Masaya-san... May I make a selfish request?
Masaya: Go on.
Asuka: I want to see it. I want to see you fly!
Asuka: Please show me what kind of player you used to be!
Masaya: ......
I look out the window.
In the distance, I can make out the line-shaped contrails left behind by an airplane.
Back in the day, my only desire was to explore that vast blue world.
Masaya: Turn to the sky, and don't avert your eyes. The answer lies there...
I repeat that mantra to myself.
My fingers are noticeably stiff. Seems I've been clenching them this whole time.
Asuka: I know we only have practice shoes for you, so that may be hard...
Masaya: Nah, it's fine.
There are some Grav Shoes in our equipment box.
They seemed usable, so I put them on.
Masaya: ...How many years has it been now?
This feels so wrong...
They don't feel anything like the Grav Shoes I use to commute to school.
Asuka: Um, we can always do this another day if--
Masaya: No.
I turn Asuka's offer down and shoot her a smile.
Masaya: They'll do.
And then...
I look toward the slowly setting sun...
...and truly fly again for the first time in many years.
Asuka: Wow... Amazing!
I can faintly make out Asuka's surprised voice.
At first, I only move in a straight line. I pretend I'm on the first line and fly down it in a form that reduces drag to a minimum.
Asuka: He's so fast...!
To my surprise, it seems I haven't forgotten much.
Masaya: (Good.)
I haven't used FC Grav Shoes in years, but that doesn't seem to be hurting me at all.
I fact, I feel the same sensation I did back when I was so into FC that I was sleeping with my Grav Shoes in my arms...
I'm a little moved, honestly.
Masaya: Okay, I'll show you something a little more match-oriented!
I do a U-turn and fly toward Asuka.
Asuka: Huh, what...?
Asuka appears bewildered.
Masaya: Stay where you are! Though, if you get the chance to touch me, go for it!
Asuka: Wh-What, really?
Masaya: Yeah, if you can...
I pick up speed.
Masaya: Watch closely, Asuka!
Asuka: O-Okay!
Masaya: This is how you deal with an opponent who's waiting for you in front of second.
I increase my speed and keep rushing toward her.
Masaya: Usually you stop here for a moment, right?
Asuka: Y-Yes, that's right!
Masaya: Well, you can actually get past your opponent like this!
I rush right into Asuka, then slightly alter my trajectory moments before impact.
Asuka: Whoa...!
I fly a tight circle to dodge around her with minimal movement, and blow past her without slowing down.
It's an advanced move that takes a whole lot of practice.
Masaya: Pretty cool, huh?!
Asuka: Yes! I've never seen anyone do that before!
Masaya: Okay, next, let's have a dogfight...
I do another U-turn and stop in front of Asuka.
Masaya: There are several ways to break out of the Bird Cage in this situation...
Asuka: The flurry of attacks we're practicing right is one, right?!
Masaya: Right. But there's something else that'd work even better.
Asuka: What is it?
Masaya: You'll see.
I fly toward Asuka's left as fast as I can.
Asuka: I'm not letting you escape!
Asuka responds by tilting right and going for my back.
And right as her hand closes in on me...
Masaya: Got you!
I used the repulsive force from Asuka to leap backward.
Asuka: Oh, this is...
It's basically the same as Asuka's special move. I used a backflip to switch positions with her.
Asuka: But I can deal with that!
Asuka instantly spins around and tries to get behind me again.
Masaya: Nice reaction. But...
I cancel the loop midway, twist my body 45 degrees, and fly ahead.
Asuka: No way...!
Unable to cope with that, Asuka exposes her back to me.
And I take that chance to score a point.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... How did you even do that?
Asuka starts asking for tips right away.
I'm not surprised. It takes a lot of work to seamlessly chain one motion into another.
Masaya: I took me a long time to learn. It's real fun to do once you master it, though.
Asuka: I bet!
Masaya: I'll teach you once you've gotten better.
Asuka: It's a promise!
The two of us get swept up in the moment and soar through the sky for quite a while.
We completely ignore the announcement that the sun is setting.
And instead of heading back, we just fly through the cold air as if it's the most fun thing in the world.
Masaya: Wow, I didn't know it was so late.
We're exhausted now.
Somehow, we didn't even notice the sun setting before this point.
Asuka: Oh, what? But I want to fly more...
Masaya: Same...
We exchange a smile.
I can't believe flying around without a care in the world was so fun...
I feel like an idiot for avoiding it all these years.
Asuka: Thank you, Masaya-san...
Masaya: Huh? What for?
Asuka: Well, you flew for me, didn't you?
Asuka: ...You were probably <i>really</i> scared, but you did it anyway.
Asuka: I really am hopeless... I can't help but rely on your kindness.
Masaya: You haven't done anything wrong.
Asuka: R-Really?
Masaya: Yeah. Honestly, I'm the one who's been relying on you.
Masaya: So don't thank me. In fact, let me thank you.
Asuka: Huh? Why?
There's so much I'm grateful for that I don't know where to begin.
Slowly but surely, she's been leading me to this point, bringing me closer to this place I've been scared of for so long.
Masaya: You're the whole reason I'm involved with FC again. I don't know what I'd be doing right now if you didn't ask for my help.
Asuka: Are you talking about when I asked you to be my coach?
Masaya: Yeah. I didn't expect you to get so worked up about it.
Asuka: I-I'm sorry. I was just <i>really</i> desperate...
Masaya: ...Right. And that pure, passionate part of you is what inspired a change in me.
Asuka: Huh?
She made me remember the joy I felt when I first asked Aoi-san to take me under her wing.
And now, there's no way I can ever forget it again.
Thanks to her, my love for FC has started to return.
My desire to soar through the air, to travel beyond the sky, has returned to me.
Masaya: If you didn't push me, I would've ignored FC for the rest of my life.
It almost feels like Asuka knew about my inner turmoil on some level.
Maybe she even asked me to fly in order to help me...
Masaya: Thank you... Asuka.
Asuka: ......
Masaya: I'm glad I got to fly alongside you.
I can't even begin to explain how much she's done for me.
Earlier, she stood up to Irina-san to protect me.
And now, she's accepting all of my flaws and encouraging me.
I can't possibly thank her enough for everything.
Masaya: Anyway, we need to get home. It's back to practice tomorrow.
I turn in the direction of my place and get ready to take off.
Asuka: Masaya-san.
But then, Asuka calls my name, stopping me in my tracks.
Asuka: Masaya-san.
She calls out to me yet again.
Her voice sounds really soft... Have I ever heard this tone before?
Masaya: Asuka...
My voice comes out a little hoarse.
...Oh.
I get it.
I understand how I managed to finally overcome my trauma.
I couldn't do it alone, and time didn't heal it.
I only managed to conquer it because I have Asuka by my side.
Thanks to her, my fear of flying has disappeared.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Until now, I've been pushing these feelings aside.
But Asuka's voice is making it hard for me to keep my emotions in check.
Warm, fuzzy feelings that comfort me and make my heart race...
Powerful, kind words that force me to face upward even when I'm on the edge of despair...
All those things well up in me at the same time.
Masaya: Asuka, I...
Asuka's engulfed in the warm light of the setting sun.
Right now, I want to shout my feelings from the rooftops.
I know I have to tell her, but...
Asuka: Masaya-san...
What's the count at?
Asuka called out my name yet again.
Asuka: Just saying your name is more than enough to make me happy.
Asuka: I've been wondering why for a while now, including when we were flying around earlier.
Asuka: And then, when you said thank you, my whole body started to feel all warm and tingly. That's when I realized...
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Asuka: I love you.
Masaya: Ah...
...Holy shit!
I should've stepped up and taken the lead... Man, I'm a <i>total</i> dumbass.
Masaya: I'm sorry, Asuka.
Asuka: Masaya-san...?
Masaya: I'm hopeless.
Masaya: I mean, I love you so much, but I made you confess first.
Asuka: Ah...! Hehe...
Masaya: Haha...
We look at each other and laugh.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes.
I gaze into Asuka's eyes.
We see each other almost every day, but for some reason, it kind of feels like we're just meeting for the very first time.
Masaya: I love you too.
Asuka: ......
Asuka: ...Thank you. I'm so happy!
Her smile's as bright as the setting sun behind her.
Asuka: Hic... I'm... really... happy...
Masaya: Huh? Asuka...?
Shining droplets start to spill down from Asuka's eyes.
Asuka: Um, I'm sorry! I, I...!
Asuka: Hic... When I looked at you, my feelings just exploded, so I ended up confessing.
Asuka: I never expected you to say it back, so I'm <i>really</i> happy...
Asuka: So happy that... hic... I can't hold back my tears...
Masaya: ......
How can I ever repay her for her kindness?
This girl puts on a cheerful front, but beneath that is a shy, meek side that she hides to keep from burdening people.
I'm happy to hear she loves me, but I also understand that I have to shoulder a heavy responsibility.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes...?
Masaya: I love you, Asuka.
Asuka: Ah...
Asuka: I love you too, Masaya-san!
There are still some tears in her eyes.
However, I simply pretend not to notice and smile.
And Asuka smiles right back at me.
Eventually, the sun sets and it's dark out.
But that doesn't matter, since we want to be together for as long as possible.
Aoi: Didn't expect you to call me out here.
Masaya: I know, right? How many years has it been?
Aoi: I forget. It's been <i>way</i> too long.
Masaya: True...
Masaya: I practiced with Asuka today.
Aoi: ...I see.
Masaya: When I finally put on FC shoes again, I realized that I haven't forgotten a single one of the moves you taught me.
Aoi: That's good...
Masaya: ...It was fun.
Aoi: ...I see. Fun, huh?
Masaya: Mhm...
Aoi: ...We used to practice here all the time.
Masaya: I think you faced me here right before I went off to the nationals, right?
Aoi: Yeah. You did so bad that you ran back home.
Masaya: Look, I know it's all in the past now, but that was terrible! I actually considered calling it quits!
Aoi: Hahaha. Sorry about that...
Aoi: ......
Aoi: Is that the reason you called me out here?
Masaya: Yeah.
Aoi: "I won't ever play FC again, so don't bring it up around me. I don't want to remember anything about it..."
Aoi: This is also the place where you gave me that speech, right?
Masaya: Yeah.
Aoi: Do you remember how I replied?
Masaya: Of course. You said, "I'll keep waiting here for you."
Aoi: I told you I'd welcome you back with open arms.
Masaya: Yeah... You did...
Aoi: I couldn't stop worrying about you after you quit FC...
Aoi: I'm so glad, Masaya. I really am.
Masaya: I'm... sorry...
Aoi: Don't apologize. I'm <i>really</i> happy. I finally get to say the words I've been holding onto this whole time...
Aoi: ......
Aoi: ...Welcome back, Masaya.
Masaya: Thanks... I'm back, Aoi-san!
★: Asuka Route -- End
Masaya: Come to practice.
Misaki: Haaah...
Masaya: Don't you drop your shoulders. Don't you look off into the distance. And don't you sigh at me.
Misaki: It wasn't on purpose! Quit finding problems with all my natural reactions!
Masaya: Just come back to our club.
Misaki gives me a nasal laugh.
Misaki: Our club, huh?
Masaya: Come back.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: ......
She fills the silence by running both hands through her long hair.
I can tell that smile on her face is meant to come across as somewhat mischievous.
But how she feels behind it is plain as day.
It's an emotion separate from sadness, loneliness, or anger. It's far more muddled, and far more difficult to put into words.
Wait...
Why can I tell how Misaki feels?
Misaki: Hahahahaha!
Misaki laughs dryly in an attempt to fill the silence, but it's soon drowned out by the roaring waves.
Masaya: Seriously, you better come back. You're not just gonna let the summer tournament be the end of things, are you?
She glances over at me and forces another smile.
Misaki: Were you always so assertive, Masaya? The alpha, meat eating type of man? Who knows, maybe you're gonna try eating me next...
Masaya: Of course I'm not.
Misaki: Oh, <i>come on</i>. Hahahaha... I might be pretty tasty!
Masaya: Sorry to say, but I'm not a huge fan of fatty meats.
Misaki: I am not fat! I'm lean! Tight!
Masaya: Really? I'm pretty sure those love handles would make you look like marbled meat.
Misaki shakes her head furiously, messing up her hair.
Misaki: That's <i>really</i> rude! Take that back at once!
Masaya: Anyway, getting back on topic--
Misaki stomps her feet on the sand and interjects.
Misaki: We're not done here! I'm hurt! It might have been a joke, but you need to take it back!
Masaya: I'll take it back if you come to practice again.
Misaki: Haaah... Hm, like, why do you even want me to come that badly, Masaya?
Masaya: Why...?
I lose my train of thought, having not considered she might ask me something so basic.
Misaki: ......
Misaki's incredible look of displeasure makes me start panicking even though there's no reason for me to worry.
Masaya: I don't even know why you're asking that...
Misaki: Oh, you don't?
Masaya: No. Wouldn't all coaches want their members to turn up to practice? There's no special reason.
Misaki: Hm, so you're saying this as my coach, huh?
Misaki draws circles in the sand with the tip of her foot.
Masaya: You saying there's something else to it? If you've got something to say, then spit it out.
Misaki: Nah, not really. Haaah...
Masaya: Don't you "not really" me, then sigh while looking off into the distance.
Misaki: Why are you even coaching us, Masaya?
Masaya: This again...? You're the one who conned me into becoming your coach, remember?
Misaki: I wouldn't say I conned you. I just thought it would be more fun with you around. That's all.
Masaya: ...So then, was it fun?
Misaki: Yeah... It was fun. And just to make sure you get it through your thick skull, I was using past tense.
Masaya: ...I see.
Misaki: Look...
Masaya: Yeah?
Misaki: Like... is being a coach something you have to take that seriously?
Why does she even have to ask that question?
Masaya: What's up with that question?
Misaki: Just answer me. I wouldn't have asked if I didn't want an answer.
Masaya: ...Honestly, I'm not sure.
Misaki stares at me, seemingly surprised by my answer.
Misaki: Seriously?
Masaya: Yeah. I really don't know.
Masaya: The more you think about what you need to take seriously or what you don't, the less you know.
Misaki: You don't know, but you do it anyway, huh?
Misaki gives me a small, sad smile.
Misaki: Asuka's been rubbing off on you lately, so I thought you might actually gimme a real reason.
Masaya: Like what?
Misaki: If I knew, I wouldn't be asking you.
Masaya: Well, yeah, but that's not exactly an easy question to answer, is it?
Misaki: Guess not...
Masaya: What? Geez...
Misaki: Nothing. Geez...
There's a hazy silence as we try to work out what the other really means. Waves crash against the shore so loudly that it's like they're breaking against my ears directly.
Blocking out those waves makes me notice a sound coming from within me.
It's the pounding of my heart.
I feel like it's beating quicker than usual.
Unable to take the silence any longer, Misaki speaks up.
Misaki: Well, say something.
Masaya: Come to practice.
Misaki: Is that all you can say?
Honestly, I know there's something more I should say.
I know exactly what it is Misaki wants me to say, and what she doesn't want me to say.
Most likely, they're the exact same thing.
About Shindou-san. About Inui... And most importantly, about Asuka.
Misaki: ......
I know. I know I have to say something.
And yet...
The words don't come to me. They remain stuck so far down that they may as well be in my feet.
Misaki: Okay. Answer me honestly.
Masaya: Answer what?
Misaki: Who's stronger, me or Asuka?
Masaya: You, of course.
Misaki: Of course. I'd obviously come out on top if we faced each other. But what about in a second match? How about in a third?
Masaya: You'd probably win.
Misaki: Hm... Let's change the question, then.
She flashes me an almost evil smile.
Misaki: How many matches will it take for Asuka to beat me?
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Don't stay silent. Answer me.
Her previous smile changes to a more mocking one.
Masaya: Depends on how the two of you do. You must know no one can answer that question.
Misaki: Asuka will improve faster than me, that's a given.
Masaya: I'm telling you, we can't know that before it happens.
Misaki: And I'm telling you, I know that for a fact.
Masaya: No you don't.
Misaki: Yes I do.
Masaya: ......
I don't know what Asuka has, whether it's natural talent, keen intuition, or just the ability to learn quickly.
But whatever she's got, she's got it in spades.
What I heard from her observations of Shindou-san and Inui's match convinced me of that.
And Misaki must have noticed it, too.
Masaya: ......
A terrifying feeling overcomes me. I want to scream, but I can't.
It's a feeling I've experienced at some point in the past.
Masaya: (Oh...)
That's right.
A dull pain spreads from the depth of my brain. My chest feels like it's being twisted and crushed.
Misaki: Masaya? Is something wrong?
The way Misaki is acting is all too familiar, so my memories come flooding back.
Misaki: Masaya?
Memories of that frustrating day.
I think Misaki probably feels the exact same way right now.
And because I know that, I can't think of anything to say.
Misaki: Are you okay?
Masaya: Oh, yeah. I'm fine.
Misaki: Y-You are?
Misaki seems to doubt my words, but I continue on anyway.
Masaya: Come to practice, Misaki.
Masaya: I think it's better to try and do something about a problem than brood on it. You never know what'll happen if you try.
She breathes a short sigh of what sounds like relief.
Misaki: You have a point... I'll come if I feel like it. Are we good to end this conversation now?
Masaya: If that's what you want.
Misaki: I'll be going, then.
Masaya: Come to practice tomorrow.
Misaki: Yeah, yeah.
Leaving me with a, shall we say, less than heartfelt response, Misaki walks off toward the road.
My chest aches.
It's difficult to breathe.
I turn toward the sky in search of help, seeking an escape from the pain and misery.
But of course, I find no reply.
All I get is a powerful sea breeze against my skin, and an empty void left by Misaki.
Wind blows from the sea.
Whenever the sea is colder than the shore it meets, the temperature difference makes the air move inland. That's wind.
This phenomenon is often called "sea breeze." The reverse, "land breeze" exists as well.
Sand whirls under the gusts of wind.
Masaya: Pretty strong winds...
I raise a hand to shield my eyes as I narrow them and stare down at the sand.
Huh?
The wind tickles at the back of my neck, and...
Huh...?!
I'm thrown back to when I was still playing in the junior leagues. A boy I don't recognize flies by my side.
The memory is so vivid that it's like I'm in the moment.
But why?
The breeze blows again.
That must be it.
I remember.
Back when I was still playing FC, I had hair so long you'd mistake me for a girl.
It went right down to my shoulders.
I loved how my hair would cling to the membrane, then come unstuck and flutter in the wind.
Masaya: ......
I raise a hand to the back of my neck.
I used to love the feel of my hair tickling me here.
My hair would always tickle me here when I played FC. That's why I loved playing.
My parents and Aoi-san would tell me to cut it short, but that was the reason I never listened.
I keep my hand on the back of my neck and look up at the sky.
This is the place.
The memories come flooding back.
One after the other.
I relive my youth in my mind.
Aoi-san taught me everything I needed to know about flying. I took her techniques, mastered them, and made them my own.
It was so much fun, like I was getting closer to her the more I played.
Matches were fun, practice was fun, flying itself was fun... Everything about FC was fun.
But that wasn't all. I was unrivaled. My only losses came when I was still a complete beginner. After a while, the thought of losing didn't even cross my mind.
I won and I won and oh how I won. I was the sort of kid who started bawling in frustration if my victory didn't come <i>exactly</i> the way I wanted it to.
I knew I could even stand toe to toe with those in the classes above me. Hell, I even believed I could face professional Skywalkers on equal footing.
But my hubris would come back to haunt me before long.
Many long, sleepless nights were had by the time of the world championships.
I was the prodigal apprentice of the world famous Skywalker, Aoi Kagami, unmatched in my age bracket throughout Japan.
Or at least, that's what everyone was saying.
All I ever wanted to do was fly for fun, but the more I won, the more my reason for flying became to live up to people's expectations.
It was overwhelming.
I was crushed under the weight of the support and expectations alike.
Perhaps, if I'd just talked to Aoi-san about it, I could've sorted things out.
Perhaps she could've taught me a way to deal with the pressure.
If nothing else, I know she would've listened to everything I had to say. And that may have been enough to sort things out in itself.
However, it was a really important time for Aoi-san. She was aiming for the very top. I couldn't bring myself to bother her with my petty issues.
I wanted to fly for fun, I should have been flying for fun, but sooner or later, I no longer knew if I really was.
And then, on one summer's day...
I finally crumbled.
I gently close my eyes.
My chest hurts.
My heart's pounding like a drum, lungs constricted.
My body's crying out for oxygen, so I desperately try to drag air into my lungs.
My blood needs more oxygen, that's why my heartbeat is accelerating.
And as a result, I'm panting for breath, struggling to keep up.
I try and do what my body demands of me, but I can feel it breaking down.
Masaya: Haaah! Haaah! Haaah! Haaah! Haaah!
I know something's happening.
I know that now, and I knew it back when I was the so-called prodigy kid.
My opponent is bearing down on me. Fear consumes my entire being.
It's a boy I've never met before.
He said he came over from the mainland to visit his grandmother, since it's summer break.
The boy came across as overly friendly and, upon seeing me practicing alone, suggested that we have a match.
His flying style was awkward, and he made far too many unnecessary movements.
So I thought to myself, why not, and went along with it. I annihilated him in the first match. The second went much the same.
But in the third match, he scored a point on me. By the fourth match, I was afraid.
I locked eyes with the boy as he caught up to me.
? ? ?: ......
He grinned.
Masaya: Ngh!
How'd he catch up to me?!
I'm not the kind of player who wins through speed, but I should be <i>way</i> faster than a beginner!
How is this guy flying so well now when he was wobbling all over the place a few hours ago?!
What's more, I bumped into him from the side and made him lose his balance, but he quickly regained his positioning and caught up to me again.
That happened several more times, and each time he brushed it off as if it were nothing.
Was he just going easy on me those first two matches?
It's a possibility, but I doubt it.
If he's finally decided to go all out, the difference in his playstyle would be like day and night. However, he seems to be gradually improving with every minute he spends up in the air.
There's also one thing I know for sure...
He's like me.
This guy is copying how I fly.
I know I have good form. I can maintain a good amount of speed while keeping perfect balance.
The reason I'm so confident in my flying is because I've watched the videos Aoi-san's taken of me countless times.
But how can he do this?
Sweat is clinging to my back, making it feel as if I'm bathing in oil.
? ? ?: ......
The boy grins at me again.
What, you think this is funny?!
Masaya: Ah...!
I grunt as I dive diagonally.
I attempt to accelerate into a Low Yo-Yo to shake him off, but he matches me perfectly.
? ? ?: Wow, you sure are good at flying. This is fun.
Masaya: Ah...!
Fun?
This is fun?
I feel something inside of me die.
We're flying in the same airspace, engaging in the same competition. I might as well be fighting for my life, but this guy is enjoying it.
At that moment, I realized something was happening. Not winning or losing... But something far more important.
A prickling feeling in my chest. The premonition that something's about to collapse.
Fun?
This kid. He thinks... this is... fun?
? ? ?: Hey! C'mon! Show me some more awesome flying!
People often say they burst a blood vessel when they're angry. And at this point, I think I finally understand why.
My head started to boil, like every blood vessel inside it has burst at once.
Don't fuck with me!
Fun?! This is <i>fun</i> to you?!
I can't let myself lose to someone who can fly with an emotion I'm no longer capable of in their heart.
I got here through blood, sweat, and tears.
I got here by sacrificing the ability to have fun.
If I lose to some guy who actually finds this fun, then I'll lose everything I stand for.
I've gotta crush him!
And, with that thought, I leaned forward to accelerate.
? ? ?: You're too slow!
The boy says that as he finally overtakes me.
Masaya: Huh?
For a moment, the world grinds to a halt.
And when it finally comes alive again, I'm blinded by pure white. It's almost like I'm flying through milk.
Another man is flying through this white void with me. For a split second, I mistake him for Aoi-san.
But no. That's not Aoi-san.
That's me, in the future.
This future me sails on past me.
I go numb. I have no sense of where my limbs are. All I can feel is my heart, which is beating so fast that I feel ready to keel over.
However, my heart isn't pumping blood through my veins. It's something darker and stickier, which feel almost corrupted.
I've lost all that's mattered to me.
I've come to a realization. I can't fly anymore.
There's no way I can.
I mean, I just saw the future me. I'll become someone I don't want to be.
So there's no need for me to fly. No, I can't fly. There's just no point.
Because, while I'm here unable to fly for fun, the future me is enjoying every moment.
I feel sick.
I leave the field over the ocean, my limbs trembling much like the first time I flew. I roll across the ground, practically crash landing as I touch down on the sand.
Sand gets into my mouth, which I instantly spit out.
If I'd stayed in that match, I would've won. I was better than that kid in every single way.
But if we'd kept playing, eventually he would've surpassed me.
Jumbled thoughts spin around in my head.
What the hell is this?
How many years did I work to get to this point?! Day after day, I flew and I flew, all to get here!
And yet... he managed to outspeed me, to fly right past me! He turned me into a vision of myself in the future!
So in that case...
I have no reason to fly! I'm done with this shit!
I keep thinking the exact same things, over and over again.
I hate this. I'm so frustrated.
But it's not like normal.
Any other time, I can use frustration as a springboard. I use the frustration to push myself to do better.
But not this time.
Talent.
That's all it is.
I feel something hot passing through my mouth, down my throat, and dissolving in my stomach.
Talent.
That's what beat me. Talent lets someone reach the point I fought for years to attain in a single moment.
We're made of completely different stuff. It's not like I've done anything wrong, and it's not like I haven't put in enough effort.
I might beat him today, but he's sure to beat me tomorrow.
Now faced with this reality, I can't keep playing FC.
? ? ?: Hey, what about the match?
Masaya: Who cares, I'm done.
? ? ?: Why?
The boy says sharply, clearly dissatisfied.
I get why. Anyone would be mad if someone told them they suddenly had to stop having fun.
I get it, but at the same time...
I don't want to be the first steppingstone on his path to success!
Masaya: Just leave me alone already!
I don't want to be turned into some minor part of his grand life story!
? ? ?: Huh?
Masaya: I don't care about that stupid game.
That's not how I truly feel.
Masaya: I mean, flying circles in the air? How dumb.
? ? ?: Weren't you just doing it? You think it's dumb, but you did it anyway?
Masaya: I only just noticed. Like, what the hell were we even doing? It's so stupid.
If I didn't say that, if I didn't think it... If I didn't reject FC itself, I wouldn't have been able to keep going.
Being good or bad at FC doesn't matter to me.
I had to convince myself of that, or I would've lost myself... and vanished completely.
? ? ?: Is that <i>really</i> what you think?
Masaya: It sure is.
? ? ?: I see.
I can feel the boy's icy gaze staring down at me.
It's like a dagger that's piercing straight through me...
Right into something inside me, something precious... Perhaps one would call it a soul...
My chest hurts so bad that I want to cry.
Masaya: I'm going home. Feel free to keep flying in circles if you find it fun.
Did I cry on my way home? Was I just angry all the way? Perhaps I just felt empty.
I don't remember anything after I left.
Well, that's not exactly true. I do remember one thing. My determination to give up on FC.
The next thing I knew, all my magazines and certificates were torn to shreds in front of my eyes. The cliché says that you snap the heads off trophies, but mine were broken clean in two.
I destroyed everything I owned that related to FC, like I was trying to crush any hope I still had inside me.
Masaya: I was pretty young at the time.
No kid would have remained calm after being shown a vision of their future self by some stranger.
But if that happened to me now, then perhaps...
Masaya: There's no point thinking about that now...
It all ended back then. Why even bother with "what ifs" now?
Masaya: Ah...!
It should've been a closed chapter in my life... but I still feel something squirming around in my chest. A dark, muddled feeling.
I clench the part of my shirt that's covering my heart.
Why am I coaching FC? Why do I still cling to something I should've thrown away?
I'm overcome with nausea.
What the hell am I doing?
How can I be so carefree about being a coach? What exactly do I even want?
Masaya: Ah...!
I face the sea and open my mouth wide, but somehow manage to stop before I scream.
This isn't the sort of feeling you can shout out of you, anyway.
Whatever's clinging to the inside of my throat isn't something I can force away.
I stand motionless amid the ever strengthening winds.
My defeat came directly at the hands of that boy, but Misaki's came indirectly through watching Asuka's losses.
I don't know whose shoes I'd rather be in.
It's probably affecting Misaki worse.
Though, it's eating away at me a fair bit as well.
Despite my frustration, I can't even bring myself to kick the sand in anger.
Misaki: Hehehe, even a snail could go faster than you, Asuka.
Misaki places her hands on the desk, feigning a move to the left, then ducking to the right, and repeating the process over.
Asuka: Eeek!
Eventually, she makes a dash for it, leaving Asuka in the dust.
Asuka: Coach, Misaki-chan's heading your way!
Masaya: Got it.
Misaki: Hehehehe! Catch me if you can!
Misaki bounces on her heels, swaying left and right to provoke me.
She's like a boxer trying to egg on her opponent.
Masaya: Don't you think it's time you gave up on running away?
Misaki: Ohohohoho, you think someone as great as I would be stopped by this meager roadblock? Take this!
Misaki does her best Satouin-san impression as she slides a chair across the floor toward me.
Masaya: Whoa!
Dodging the chair throws me off course.
Masaya: Tch...! Madoka!
Madoka: Got it! Here Misaki, Misaki! I've got candy! It's a brand new type. See? You can have it, if you listen to what we have to say.
Misaki comes to a sudden halt.
Misaki: Oook?
Then, she makes a sound that I can only assume she's basing off a monkey.
Misaki: Oook? Candy?
Madoka: Y-Yeah. Just come over here and you can have it. It's some nice, tasty candy.
Misaki: Oook? Oook, oook, oook?
Asuka: Humans are nothing to be afraid of! You can trust us!
Madoka: That's right, Misamonkey. There's nothing to be afraid of. We'll just sedate you a little and take you to the zoo, so just relax and enjoy the choco-- Ah!
Misaki: Oook! Hah!
Misaki crouches down before whipping up a hand to smack the candy out of Madoka's palm.
Misaki: Thank you very much.
This is followed by a splendid leap into the air where she catches the candy bar before touching the ground.
Misaki: Misamonkeys prefer the freedom of the jungle to being trapped in the zoo, but I thank you kindly for the candy.
Madoka: Hehehe...
Misaki: Oh? What's so funny?
Madoka: We managed to set up our formation while you wasted time by falling into my trap!
Misaki: Wh-What?!
I lie in wait at the front door, while Asuka's guarding the one at the back of the classroom.
Masaya: Now you've got no way to escape the classroom.
Misaki hasn't come to practice all week, and today's the last day of this term.
It's bad enough that there's a bunch of stuff we have to tell her about our summer practice sessions, but her lack of responsibility is affecting our morale.
Use of force is the only option we have left!
Yesterday, we tried to simply bring her along with us, but she ran away.
So today, we set up a plan to ensnare her.
Asuka: You can't run away from us now, Misaki-chan. It's time to practice together.
Madoka: Listen, without you there the only thing of note is Asuka-chan's tenacity.
Asuka: What?! Do I really stand out that much?
Misaki: Hahahaha, you <i>totally</i> lose sight of everything around you when you get serious, Asuka.
Madoka: Whenever I get near you in super-serious mode, I feel like I'll just stop breathing any second.
Asuka: I'm making you suffer...? Oh no, I'll have to fix that problem at once!
Masaya: You don't need to do that. A dead manager can be easily replaced.
Madoka: Rude!
Masaya: Asuka, being able to concentrate the way you do is one of your strengths. There's no need to change that part of you at all.
Asuka: O-Okay!
Madoka: So what, I'm some kind of sacrifice? Misaki, you've gotta come to practice before they kill me.
Misaki: Hm, I'm gonna need a bit more than that.
Madoka: You need more than saving my life?!
Asuka: Oh, well, since we're on summer break from tomorrow, how about you at least take part in our meetings?
Masaya: It's the least you could do. We need to start working on our plan for the fall tournament.
Madoka: Yeah, and you're our star player, Misaki. You've gotta have more confidence in yourself.
Misaki: Star player, huh?
Misaki grins, taking several steps back on her tiptoes.
Misaki: That's a lot of pressure to deal with.
She opens the window and leans out.
Misaki: 'Kay, see you later.
Madoka: Misaki, were you hiding your Grav Shoes outside the window?
Asuka: It's against school rules to take off from anywhere outside the designated areas!
Misaki: I know, believe me. Ms. Kagami's gonna get real mad at me later... But oh well.
With that, Misaki jumps out of the window.
Masaya: H-Hold it!
I rush over just in time to see Misaki landing perfectly like a cat, then sprint off.
She makes her escape without ever looking back.
Madoka: She gave us the slip again.
Masaya: I never thought she'd actually fly out the window.
Asuka: ...Misaki-chan's really athletic, huh?
Masaya: Yeah...
The way she ran was just like one of those short distance runners.
Madoka: Almost looked like she had springs in her heels. It must feel great to flee at full sprint like that.
Masaya: ...You think it'd feel great?
Asuka: Haaah...
Asuka breathes a heavy sigh beside me.
Masaya: It's not your fault she escaped, Asuka. There's nothing to feel down about.
Asuka: Oh no, I wasn't... I was just wishing I was as athletic as Misaki-chan.
Masaya: You have your own strong points. No one's good at everything.
Asuka: Still... I really am jealous. It must be so much fun to be able to move your body exactly how you want.
Madoka: Hm, I'm not so sure. Don't think Misaki finds it all that fun herself.
Asuka: Huh? What do you mean? How can running like that not be fun?
Madoka: Misaki doesn't even consider things being fun or not. That's how she can run like that without putting in any effort.
Asuka: Not having to put any effort in sounds <i>really</i> fun to me...
Madoka: You don't think about just normal walking being fun or not, do you? This is the same thing.
Asuka: Hm, I see. So it's not fun, then.
Asuka tilts her head to the side, still not really getting it.
Madoka: Well, <i>that</i> is normal to Misaki. If anything, she's thinking, "Why can't everyone else do the same as me?" or something along those lines.
Madoka: Not in a sarcastic way, either. It's a genuine question.
Asuka: Misaki-chan really is amazing. Imagine having that be your normal.
Madoka: Hahaha, it's not like that.
Asuka: Huh? Did I say something weird again?
Masaya: Nah, it's fine. Just keep that positivity up and let's get going.
Asuka: Y-Yes, let's go!
Mashiro: Oh, just you guys? I take it Misaki-senpai got away from you?
I turn around and see Mashiro standing right at the entrance.
Madoka: Heya, Mashirocchi. You got it in one.
Masaya: She flew from the window to the ground, then legged it.
Asuka: She was <i>really</i> fast.
Mashiro sighs as she approaches us.
Mashiro: Jumping from the window is so reckless... Though naturally, my Misaki-senpai made it down safely.
Madoka: Since when did Misaki belong to you?
Mashiro: She will one day! I'm thinking forward here! Also I've just realized, but I'm kind of glad she escaped.
Madoka: Oh? Why's that?
Mashiro: As you can see, Misaki-senpai refuses to fall for my Mashiro charm. She can be quite stubborn.
Masaya: Not sure that's the best indicator to measure her personality with.
Madoka: Though she certainly can be stubborn.
Asuka: She does hate losing... You can see how annoyed she gets when she gives away even a single point during dogfight practice.
Masaya: I guess the way she just does whatever during practice is because of her stubbornness, too.
Mashiro: That's why I think it's okay to let her do as she pleases for the time being. If we get too pushy, we'll only make her act even more stubborn.
Madoka: If you know Misaki that well, Mashirocchi, why are you always so pushy with her?
Mashiro: Love can't be stopped by a silly little reason like that. I simply wouldn't be myself if I stopped pushing myself onto Misaki-senpai.
Masaya: So you're actually aware of what you're doing...?
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai still hasn't picked herself back up after the summer tournament, so let's leave her be for how.
Asuka: That just shows how seriously she took her matches, right?
Masaya: That's what you'd expect...
Misaki isn't simply going through the frustration of losing, though.
Mashiro: We just need to watch over her from the sidelines until she regains her motivation.
Asuka: Well, you know her best, Mashiro-chan, so if that's what you say, that's what we'll do.
Madoka: That's fine and all, but... what if she never regains her motivation? What do we do if that happens?
Masaya/Asuka/Mashiro: Ugh...
Masaya: Ugh...
Asuka: Ugh...
Mashiro: Ugh...
Mashiro: She won't carry on like this forever... I think.
Madoka: You'd be surprised. She might just give up.
Masaya: ...That could happen.
Asuka: H-Hey, Coach!
Mashiro: I'm telling you, that'll never happen!
Masaya: In any case, the only one who can make that happen is Misaki herself. We can't force her to participate.
Asuka: Yeah... You're right.
Asuka hangs her head sadly.
Masaya: We'll just have to have our meeting without her today. Come on, let's get to the clubroom.
Madoka: Cool.
Mashiro: I'll pass the info to Misaki-senpai later.
Masaya: ...Hm?
Asuka: Ah...!
We all start making our way out of the classroom. All of us except Asuka, who keeps staring out the window.
Masaya: What's up?
Asuka: Misaki-chan really is amazing.
Masaya: What's so amazing about skipping practice? She's just playing hooky.
Asuka: It's not "just" playing hooky. It would be way easier on her, mentally at least, to just come.
Masaya: You think?
Asuka: If she came, she'd be getting closer to her goal. But skipping practice makes it far harder to face what happened.
Well...
Asuka's not wrong. It <i>would</i> be easier for Misaki to come to practice.
I even told Misaki it would be better for her to keep moving.
Asuka: Maybe Misaki-chan's facing up to her defeat in her own way and trying to find something within it?
I don't think that's quite it.
She's not trying to find something. It's more like she's trying to run away from it.
Just like I did back then.
The longer you run, the more accustomed you grow to the pain. Eventually, it becomes natural, and you don't even have to think about it.
I try placing myself in Misaki's shoes. The thoughts soon lead me into remembering how I used to feel...
It hurts too much, so I wipe it from my mind.
Masaya: Is Misaki here?
Mashiro: Nooope!
Mashiro's face warps with displeasure.
Mashiro: Haaah... The whole point of me coming to FC practice over summer break is to see Misaki-senpai...
Masaya: That's your only reason for being here?
It's been a week since the start of summer break.
Which means it's been about two weeks since the summer tournament ended. Misaki hasn't shown up to practice once yet.
Asuka: It must be hard on her, staying away from practice for so long. I know I wouldn't be able to take it.
Mashiro: ...You don't think she's going to end up quitting, do you?
Madoka: Maybe we should force her to attend after all.
Masaya: I've said this before, but we can't force her to come to practice. If she doesn't wanna come, then that's that.
Asuka: ...I guess.
Madoka: Didn't you say you went to see how she was doing, Mashirocchi?
Mashiro: I did, but she dodged the topic... Kept giving me half answers and stuff... My love for her meant I couldn't push her too hard.
Madoka: Wouldn't that have been the perfect place to show your love and force her into something?
Mashiro: I much prefer being the one toyed with in a relationship, so Misaki-senpai teasing me like that is perfect!
Masaya: Not sure that's something to be proud of...
At least they're a perfect match in one regard.
Madoka: You're the type of girl who'll end up with a total good-for-nothing guy, Mashirocchi.
Mashiro: I am not! My love just runs deep.
Madoka: Well, all that aside, isn't it your turn now, Coach?
Masaya: Pretty sure she'd just run away from me.
Asuka: I don't think she would! I'm sure she'd at least hear you out.
Masaya: Say that Misaki does listen to me. What do I even say?
Asuka: Why not just ask her to come back?
Masaya: Well, yeah, obviously. But assuming she says she doesn't wanna come, how do I respond?
Asuka: Um, well... I think Misaki-chan has the motivation inside her. She's just not good at expressing it, is all!
Masaya: It's got nothing to do with that. If she had that motivation, she'd be here already, wouldn't she?
Asuka: W-Well, yes, but... But, um...
Masaya: If she can't bring herself to at least do that, then it's basically the same as having no motivation.
Asuka: I-I guess you're right...
Madoka: That's enough.
Madoka claps her hands together.
Madoka: Bullying Asuka-chan won't make Misaki come to practice.
Masaya: How was I bullying her? I was just speaking the truth.
Madoka: Sure, but that's no excuse for taking such a harsh tone with her.
Masaya: Ugh...
So that's how it came across, huh?
Masaya: Sorry, Asuka. I didn't mean it like that.
Asuka hurriedly shakes her head.
Asuka: O-Oh no, I'm sorry for speaking without thinking.
Madoka: Anyway, practice sure has gotten dull without Misaki and my brother around.
Masaya: Yeah...
Now that the summer tournament's over, Prez has retired and basically never shows up at club.
Having him, as a pure Speeder, and Misaki, as a pure Fighter, was really useful for practice.
I was able to arrange all sorts of scenarios to teach them tactics to use in real matches, such as what to do when a Speeder draws ahead of you, or how to avoid engaging a Fighter in a dogfight.
Madoka: Want me to get my brother to come back to help?
Masaya: Hm, well, he is still the president for the time being...
I may have succeeded him in the role itself, but all of us still consider him the president, even now.
Mashiro: Aww! I'm sorry! If only I was better...
Masaya: What are you apologizing for?
Mashiro: Because if I was as strong as Misaki-senpai or Asuka-senpai, we'd be able to do more during practice, and we'd learn so much faster too.
Mashiro: But right now, all I do is drag Asuka-senpai down with me...
Asuka: That's not true. That's not true at all! I don't think I'm even as good as you, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro did beat Asuka in the practice matches before the summer tournament, for whatever that's worth.
Mashiro: Says the girl who pulled off those moves against Shindou-san...
Asuka: I-I was in a daze, I um... don't really know how I managed it.
Asuka learned a lot during the summer tournament.
Mashiro learned some stuff in her match with Satouin-san as well, but nowhere near as much.
Madoka: You sure we shouldn't ask my brother? He'd probably be more than happy to help.
Masaya: He's gotta focus on studying for his entrance exams. We can't just ask him to give up time for us.
Madoka: Oh, it'll be fine. All he ever does is yell, "I'm studying," while working out or watching Shitou Channel.
...He's totally gonna flunk his exams, isn't he?
Masaya: I'll ask him to help out if we really need it, but in the meantime, we can just drill in the basics.
Asuka: Okay!
Mashiro: The basics again? Ugh...
Masaya: No complaining. The basics are important.
Asuka: Don't you think learning how to fly with a perfect form is tons of fun?
Masaya: Being a Speeder makes your form all the more important, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Yeah, yeah. I know that. Why do you two always have to be so positive and so... right all the time...
Masaya: Come on, we'll start with field flying to warm up.
Asuka: Okay! FLY!
Mashiro: Time to fly meowt!
The two of them say their activation keys and take off.
Madoka: Hey, Hinata-kun.
Masaya: Yeah?
Madoka: Be honest with me. There's a limit to how much practice you can do with just Asuka-chan and Mashirocchi, isn't there? There's just too big a skill gap.
Masaya: Well... you're not wrong.
I keep facing forward, but nod.
As things stand, Asuka would be a decent match for Misaki, which would really add that spark to practicing.
However, if Asuka and Mashiro only have each other to practice with, Mashiro's gonna get discouraged due to the skill gap, and Asuka's gonna feel bad and start performing poorly because of it.
There are basically no advantages to how things stand.
Masaya: I'm planning on setting up joint practice sessions with other schools, so we'll just have to use those to make up for actual match practice.
Hm?
I feel something up in the sky.
Aoi: How's it going? Are you practicing properly?
Aoi-san soon lands beside me with a soft thud.
Masaya: I wouldn't say properly, exactly.
Aoi: Ahhh... I see Tobisawa's still absent.
Masaya: Not like we can just force her to come, after all.
Aoi: Shouldn't you at least try?
Masaya: She won't listen to us.
Aoi: You never know. Maybe Tobisawa wants someone to be a little forceful with her.
Madoka: I doubt it. Misaki hates when people get involved in her business.
Aoi: But it'd be a different story if that person is the guy she likes, no?
Masaya: Give me a break, this is a serious situation.
Madoka: No, wait, she might be onto something. My maiden radar is picking up on the possibility.
Masaya: Is your radar busted?
Madoka: Rude! It's working perfectly fine!
Aoi-san smiles slightly at our exchange before suddenly fixing up her expression.
Aoi: I may not understand, but you do, don't you Masaya?
Masaya: Understand what?
Aoi: Why Tobisawa isn't coming to practice, obviously.
Masaya: Because she's in shock from what happened at the summer tourna--
Aoi: I mean beyond that.
Masaya: Oh?
Aoi: Didn't you lose the will to fly like her?
Masaya: Misaki hasn't said anything about quitting yet.
Aoi: Yet is being the operative word there. I just thought that you'd probably be able to do something before it comes to that.
Masaya: You seriously believe that?
Aoi-san looks over at the field as if to change the topic.
Aoi: Kurashina has grown a lot these past two weeks. Her form is almost perfect.
Masaya: Yeah, it is.
Aoi: Don't you think she can put up a good fight in a battle of speed against a dedicated Speeder at this point?
Masaya: I do, yes.
We won't know for sure until we test things out, but Asuka is probably best suited to be a Speeder leaning All-Rounder, much like Shindou-san.
Though if she masters the Airkick Turn, she'll have all the makings of a perfect Fighter.
It falls down to her coach to decide which direction to head in.
Aoi: ......
Aoi-san continues to stare at their practice session for a moment.
Aoi: Hm...
Then, she hums to herself as if she's come to an understanding.
Masaya: What?
Aoi: You've put in plans for practice matches, yes?
Masaya: I've decided on a few so far. If you want the details, then feel free to ask Madoka.
Madoka: I've got our club schedule on my phone. Hold on...
Madoka taps away at her phone, then hands it to Aoi-san.
Madoka: We've submitted proposals for practice matches with schools all over Shitou. We already have dates scheduled with Takafuji and Suisan. Additionally, we've got a training camp with Takafuji.
Aoi: Let's see here... Too few. Double it.
Masaya: Double?!
Madoka: We need that many?!
Aoi: If you'd like, I can set up some practice matches with people older than you as well.
Masaya: Dial it back a second. Do we really need that many practice matches?
Aoi: Kurashina's the type of player who grows through real matches. She needs to experience as many as she can get.
Masaya: You're probably right, but still...
Aoi: Besides, it seems like she wants to have more matches to me.
Masaya: Have you spoken to her about it?
Aoi: I don't need to talk to her, I can tell from the way she's bounding around up there. You used to fly just like that, Masaya.
For a moment, I shut my mouth.
Masaya: Assuming Asuka's the easy-to-teach type, what type of person is Misaki?
Aoi: Where'd that question come from?
Masaya: Just popped into my mind.
Aoi: Moody, but naturally talented. You agree, don't you?
I hate the phrase "naturally talented."
I turn to face Aoi-san, who's still observing them practice.
Masaya: You think she's a prodigy?
She looks slightly taken aback as she turns to face me.
Aoi: Not at all.
Masaya: Really?
Aoi: Prodigies are only prodigies because they're so rare. Countless people appear to have natural talent.
That calm, rational side of her is just like Shirase-san.
Masaya: Can't you give me a more concrete explanation?
Aoi: Concrete, huh...? Okay, so you know how the most impressive thing about Tobisawa is her reflexes?
Masaya: Yes.
Aoi: That's perfect when it comes to dogfighting. But that's all she ever relies on to win matches. All her actions come from split-second decisions.
Masaya: You're saying that she needs to be able to read two or three moves ahead to form an actual gameplan?
Aoi: Exactly. Her inability to put together everything she's learned leaves her no better off than Aoyagi.
Her opinions line up with Shirase-san's.
But are they correct?
There's a prickling in my chest that's telling me something's not quite right.
I don't think Misaki's quite as bad as they're making her out to be. I just don't know why I think that.
Masaya: Have you told Misaki what you've just told us?
Aoi: Nope.
Masaya: Why not?
Aoi: That's your job, isn't it?
Masaya: I guess so...
Aoi-san's expression stiffens a little.
Aoi: There are all sorts of different players. But what it comes down to is how motivated the players themselves are. Or at least, that's my take on it.
Masaya: It's got nothing to do with talent, then?
Aoi: Nothing at all. It doesn't matter how much talent you have if you're not motivated.
Masaya: So you're saying Misaki's an unmotivated player?
Aoi: Not exactly... More that she's not the type to willingly take in what she's taught. She's stuck in her ways, trying to do things her own way.
Misaki does have a more receptive side to her, but I guess the stubborn side has won out in Aoi-san's eyes.
Masaya: How do you teach that kind of player?
Aoi: A sick person won't go to a hospital unless they notice something's wrong, will they?
Masaya: Yeah, obviously.
No one takes themselves to the doctor before they know they're sick, unless it's for a routine checkup or something.
Aoi: Well, think along those lines.
Masaya: You're saying it's her coach's job to make her realize something is wrong?
Aoi: If you've figured that out, then it's time for you to do something already.
Masaya: ......
So it's about awareness, really.
I was made aware of my own limits in the past.
My body throbs with pain like I've been stabbed all over with a knife.
Were the limits I saw in myself ...
Were they truly as far as I could go?
I don't know.
Aoi: I understand you're concerned about Tobisawa, but Kurashina and Arisaka are practicing right now, so you need to look after them.
Masaya: I know.
I give a huge nod and clap my cheeks to get rid of the useless thoughts swirling around inside my head.
One by one, they leave me, until a single one remains...
Is Misaki really as bad as Aoi-san is making her out to be?
I can't find a way to either confirm or deny her statement.
Aoi: Done with practice for the day, are you?
Masaya: They're just cooling down right now.
Aoi: I'll come and see how you're doing tomorrow.
Masaya: You're suddenly going to come every day now that we're on summer break?
She barely showed up at our practices before, so I'm surprised.
Aoi: Yeah. There's something I'm interested in.
Oh?
Hm, I bet she means Asuka.
Aoi: Okay, I'm heading off now. Take care of the rest.
Masaya: Will do.
Madoka: Thanks for dropping by!
Madoka says that, then Aoi-san walks away.
Madoka: So, what'll you do?
Masaya: Huh? What do you mean?
Madoka: I'm talking about your plans to have the two of them race, with the loser having to take off a piece of clothing every time.
Masaya: I don't remember that ever coming up...
Madoka: I'm sure they'd be more than happy to do it, so why not give it a whirl?
Masaya: ...Really?
Madoka: Wow! That was such a pervy grin!
Masaya: I didn't grin!
Madoka: You <i>totally</i> did!
Masaya: I didn't!
I lightly clap Madoka on the back of the head before raising both my hands to my mouth, using it as a substitute megaphone.
Masaya: Okay, your ten minutes are up. That's the end of today's practice.
The two of them descend at last.
Exercise builds up lactic acid inside your body, which is what makes a person feel tired. Light movements after working out help lower the concentration of lactic acid, and speed up the body's self-repair systems. That's the whole idea behind cooling down.
Madoka: You know what you have do if you want me to keep quiet about that pervy grin, yeah?
Masaya: Ugh... Fine.
This has ended up just like it did when I peeped on them changing that one time. Now I owe Madoka something again.
How does she keep getting dirt on me?
Madoka: Good work, you two. Here, make sure to rehydrate.
Mashiro: Yay! Shank oo!
Mashiro takes the bottle from Madoka and starts glugging down water.
During actual matches, we mix some sports drink powder in, but normal water is enough for practices.
Mashiro: Glug, glug, glug, glug!
Madoka: Here you go, Asuka-chan.
Asuka: Thank you very much. Mmm, mmm...
Mashiro: Pwaaah!
Mashiro removes the bottle from her mouth with a hearty exclamation, then turns to face Asuka.
Mashiro: You can just glug away at that drink, you know?
Madoka: Yeah, we're all girls here. Nothing to be ashamed of.
Masaya: I don't care how you drink, but I'm still here and I'm a guy.
Mashiro: On the surface, at least.
Masaya: Pretty sure I'm a guy inside too.
Why do things always end up like this...?
Asuka hands her bottle back to Madoka.
Asuka: I haven't been all that thirsty, or even tired late-- Huh?!
Madoka is crawling her hand over Asuka's back in the most bizarre fashion.
Asuka: Wh-What are you doing?
Madoka: I was wondering if maybe you'd started to grow a hump to help you survive without water in the desert.
Asuka: Am I evolving into a camel?
Masaya: You're not practicing any less than before, though.
Mashiro: If anything, aren't we practicing harder? You've been pushing us a lot more lately.
Masaya: Yeah, not by much, but I have been.
Mashiro: I knew it! You're making things harder bit by bit to keep us from noticing. And by the time we do, it'll be too late! A truly shady tactic.
Masaya: There's nothing shady about it. Once you've mastered something, you obviously have to kick it up a notch. That's just common sense. You don't keep the training wheels on after you've learned to ride a bike, do you?
Mashiro: That's sophistry!
Masaya: Not at all! Wait, where'd you even learn that word?!
Madoka: If practices have been getting harder, but you've stopped getting thirsty, that can only mean...
Asuka: I really am turning into a camel?!
Masaya: Relax, I've never heard of a human evolving into a camel. You're probably not thirsty because you've perfected your form.
Asuka: Huh? Doing that stops you from getting tired?
Masaya: Of course. You put in way less effort when you've got your form mastered. It's beautiful now, even.
Asuka: M-My form's beautiful? Even though I was so bad before...?
Masaya: Guess you've finally got the hang of it.
Asuka: Th-Thank you so much!
Mashiro: Please don't make too much progress. It hurts being left behind like this.
Mashiro's words are half in jest, but I find myself involuntarily twitching.
Misaki.
I call her name as if ruminating over it internally.
Asuka's growing so much, but where are you? What are you doing?
Asuka: Misaki-chan's form is still more beautiful though, right?
I'm brought crashing back to Earth when Asuka mentions Misaki.
A total coincidence, but it affects me all the same.
Mashiro: Well, of course! Misaki-senpai is simply unmatched!
Madoka: If she flies so beautifully, why is she always complaining about being tired?
Masaya: I bet half of it is laziness, but the other half is because she's actually tired. Doesn't matter how good your form is, being a Speeder and going all out or being a Fighter and having to make constant changes in direction will wear you down.
Madoka: Why's that?
Masaya: You need physical strength to maintain the correct posture while accelerating, and you need to work your muscles hard to make sudden vast changes in direction.
Asuka starts shaking her limbs about like she's warming up.
Asuka: I don't really feel like I've mastered the basics.
Masaya: There are some things you can't figure out without trying in a match.
Masaya: I know we're making up for our lack of practice matches by holding them with other schools, but we really are limited on what we can do by ourselves without Misaki.
Man, what a lame excuse...
Asuka: I'd love to have a match with Misaki-chan. I just want her to make a complete mess of me again.
Mashiro: I completely agree.
Madoka: Hahahaha, you two mean that in very different ways, though.
I'm relieved that the conversation has played out exactly the way I wanted it to.
Masaya: I wonder if Misaki's at home right now.
I can picture her now, rolling around on her bed, whining and moaning about how hot it is.
Asuka: Can't you just get in contact with her and find out?
Masaya: She's one of those people who doesn't care about leaving others on read, or replying to missed calls.
Mashiro: I know. Whenever I text her, saying how much I love her, she either makes a joke out of it or completely ignores me.
Madoka: I don't blame her for ignoring those, personally.
Masaya: Wonder if she'd get mad if I visited her.
I went over to pick up one of those exercise balls before, so I know where she lives.
Mashiro: What if she just pretends to be out? Her granny is far too soft on her.
Masaya: So my best bet is to catch her while she's outside somewhere... Any ideas where she might go?
Mashiro: I think that depends on what she's doing that day...
Masaya: She's not the type to go out for walks much either, huh?
Mashiro: Not really, no... Oh, come to think of it, the last time I saw her, she was going on about becoming the number one dancer in all of Japan or something.
Masaya: She what now?
Madoka: Sounds like she's been replaced by an alien to me.
Mashiro: I normally approve of everything Misaki-senpai does, but even I had to ignore that comment.
Masaya: Let me get this straight. She wants to be the best dancer in Japan?
Big city kids are all obsessed with their hips and their hops, but whatever that means hasn't made its way to Shitou yet... I think.
Asuka: Oh, Coach! I have an idea!
Masaya: Oh?
Asuka comes pattering over to me, out of breath.
Asuka: Sorry I'm late!
Masaya: Only by two minutes. That doesn't even count.
Asuka: It does! Time is of the essence!
She sounds so innocent.
And she's not wrong, either.
This marks the third day straight that Asuka I have come to the shopping district before practice.
Asuka: You think she's here today?
Masaya: Won't know until we head inside.
We head into the arcade that we came to previously with Misaki.
It felt like a barren wasteland the last time, but it's now full of small children due to summer break.
This is kinda weird, because of the amount of money these places can suck from you, but it really feels family friendly.
Asuka: It's so noisy in here.
Masaya: Yeah, it-- Hm?
One sound stands out amidst the flood of electronic beeping and booping. An almost violent, super high tempo beat that I feel vibrating through my eardrums.
Kid A: Oooh, that girl is awesome!
Kid B: I know, right?! She got all perfects!
Kid C: She's gonna get an SSS rank on the hardest difficulty! Wow, amazing!
The kids are all staring at a pair of legs moving at ultra-high speeds on top of one of the dance game machines. Said legs belong to Misaki.
Misaki: Hehe!
She giggles happily at the calls from her audience, seemingly having not noticed us.
Masaya: ...Looks like she's having fun.
Asuka: Y-Yeah...
I'm not sure what else to say... I thought she'd seem far more upset.
Misaki: Yes!
But it looks like she's having the time of her life... How?
Asuka: There's this strange intensity about her. Like she's not just playing around.
Masaya: Yeah, I get what you mean.
Maybe it's just because she's concentrating so hard, but she's got this unusual expression on her face. It's like she's trying to convince herself she's having fun even though she really isn't.
When Mashiro mentioned that Misaki was dancing, this was the first thing Asuka thought of.
Misaki: I'm not done yet!
Misaki pops some candy into her mouth and starts crunching along to the sound of the beat.
Kid A: Whoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! She's eating candy!
Kid B: Now she's just showing off!
Kid C: Awesome! Seriously awesome! Awesome!
Her audience cheers.
Misaki: Aight, this is it!
Her arms sway about like she's actually dancing as her feet hammer out the last few notes. Then, she ends the song by striking a victory pose.
Misaki: Peeeeeerfecto!
Kid A: Ooooooh! No mistakes! She got a perfect clear!
Kid B: You're amazing! A genius! So cool!
Kid C: You could get the number one spot on the national leaderboards!
Misaki: 'Course I could, piece of cake. No one can beat me when it comes to moving their body... Hm? Huh?! Aaaaaahhh!
In the middle of boasting to the gallery, Misaki finally notices us.
And at that point, she lets out an ear splitting scream and freezes on the spot.
Misaki: ......
She steps off of the cabinet, dead silent, and...
Kid A: Oh?
Kid B: Oooh?
Pushes through her audience as she attempts to make her escape.
Masaya: Wait!
Asuka: Please, wait! Misaki-chan!
Kid C: It's a love triangle!
Kid A: You damn player!
Masaya: I'm no player!
I yell back at the kids as I dash after Misaki.
This is a repeat of what happened at school. If there's a chance for her to escape, you bet your ass she'll take it.
Normally, you'd expect someone to remain in the startled phase for at least a <i>little</i> longer, though...
I don't know what's more impressive, her ability to give 110%, or her quick decision making, but...
She has all the makings of a perfect Fighter.
Misaki: There we... go!
Misaki easily weaves through the crowd, bouncing on the balls of her feet. Her reflexes are just too good.
Asuka: Please wait, Misaki-chan!
Masaya: Why are you running away from us?!
Misaki: Huh?
The moment Misaki steps out onto the street, she comes to a halt.
Masaya: Hm?
We instantly realize why when we catch up with her.
Right in Misaki's path of escape stands none other than...
Satouin: Oh my, if it isn't Misaki Tobisawa.
Rika: And Hinata-san and Asuka-san as well.
Satouin-san and Ichinose are in her way.
Masaya: Please, stop Misaki!
Misaki: Ngh...!
She spins around and glares at me.
Misaki: A strange man is stalking me! Somebody help me!
Masaya: I'm not a strange man! You really think that line is gonna work on Satouin-san?
Misaki: A man I know is stalking me!
Masaya: So I'm a stalker either way, huh?
Satouin: You seem to be having so much fun.
Misaki: There's nothing fun about this. Would you mind helping me escape these two?
Satouin: I cannot claim to understand what's happening here, but since you are friends, wouldn't it be best to talk through your differences?
Misaki: Ugh!
Masaya: I knew you'd make the right call, Satouin-san.
Satouin: Nothing I say is ever wrong.
That's some confidence she's got there.
Misaki groans in exasperation.
Misaki: Haaah, fine. I won't run. I give up, you beat me. So, what do you want, Masaya?
Masaya: Why aren't you coming to practice?
Misaki: W-Well, um... Hahahahaha, y'know... I kinda like, don't really care about that.
Masaya: You might not care, but we do, and that's why we're here.
Misaki: Well, yeah, but like...
Asuka: U-Um...!
Asuka abruptly raises her hand into the air.
Masaya: Wh-What's up?
Asuka: Is this what you've been doing while Mashiro-chan and I were going over the basics? Using games to... hone your reflexes and stuff?
Misaki smiles bitterly as she stares at Asuka.
Misaki: I...
Asuka: Yes?
Misaki: I don't really like this side of you, Asuka.
Asuka: Huh? U-Um, you have been coming to the arcade to practice for FC, right?
Misaki: No, you're wrong! I... I just... You're just wrong, okay?!
Asuka: Even if I'm wrong!
Misaki: Huwuh?
Asuka leans in real close to Misaki's face.
Asuka: You were still training your reflexes. If not, you wouldn't have been able to move around like that!
Misaki: I was <i>not</i> training!
Asuka: Coach told me that I'd perfected my form the other day. I'd love to have a match against you to see how much we've both improved, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: God, can't you take a hint? I'm not coming to practice!
Asuka: Then why have you been playing that game so much that you can get high scores in it? It looks to me like you're training for FC, so--
Masaya: Asuka, I think you've pushed Misaki far enough.
Asuka: Huh?
Asuka looks from me to Misaki in a daze.
Misaki: ......
Misaki awkwardly hangs her head.
Asuka: I've been pushing Misaki-chan? Have I... Have I really?
Asuka's viewpoint gets narrowed to the extreme when it comes to FC.
On the concentration side, that's great. But there are some people who just can't handle her innocence and naivety.
Masaya: Sorry, but yeah, kinda.
Asuka: O-Oh...
I ask Asuka to be silent for a moment with my gaze, then step up to face Misaki.
Misaki: What?
Masaya: How about you come to practice every once in a while? It'll help clear your mind if you get some work in.
Misaki: Help clear my mind? You make it sound like I'm suffering here.
Masaya: Are you seriously trying to tell me you're not?
Misaki: I don't...
The pain is clear as day on Misaki's face.
Misaki: I don't want to hear that from someone who quit FC.
Masaya: ......
Her words shoot straight through my heart. Maybe she's right. Maybe I don't have the right to say anything.
But...
Satouin: I'm terribly sorry to interrupt, but I was just wondering if your conversation is going to take much longer?
Masaya: Oh, sorry for making you hang around. We'll be fine now, so feel free to carry on with your--
Rika: Um, we really can't do that.
They can't?
Masaya: Have we ruined your plans somehow?
I wonder if this commotion has made them miss their bus or the start of their movie or something.
Rika: No, that's not what I meant...
Ichinose fumbles over her words awkwardly.
Rika: Satouin-san and I were planning to go to your school to meet you all, but we decided to come into town for a bit first.
Asuka: Why were they coming to see us?
Asuka gives me a puzzled look.
Masaya: Our practice matches are scheduled for next week, I'm pretty sure.
Asuka: Yeah.
Satouin: ......
Satouin-san stamps her feet against the asphalt as she strikes a pose with her feet spread out wider than her shoulders.
Satouin: The truth is, I...
She flicks her long hair back like all the rich girls do in anime.
Satouin: Came to propose a duel.
Masaya/Misaki/Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: Huh?
Asuka: Huh?
Misaki: Huh?
It feels like time has frozen.
Satouin: Hehehe...
Satouin-san sticks her chest out proudly, arrogantly staring at us in our bewilderment.
Masaya: A duel?
I repeat what she said to make sure I heard her right. I've never seen that word mentioned outside of stories before.
Satouin: Yes. A duel.
Masaya: Not a match?
Satouin: In concept, they're more or less the same, but no, not a match. I want a duel.
Masaya: Okay, what's different, then?
Satouin: The biggest difference is spirit.
S-Spirit!
I have no idea what she means, but the one thing I do know is that Satouin-san's blood is boiling.
Satouin: We came into town because we were planning to buy a bouquet of red roses.
Masaya: What do you need roses for?
Satouin: Don't you agree that bringing red roses to a duel is simply divine?
Misaki: I-I'm not following.
Satouin: ......
Misaki: Um, I dunno what you're giving me that look for. I'm not gonna go along with this. I'm not in the mood for it.
Satouin: Oh, that doesn't matter. The one I wish to duel is...
She points over at Asuka with a snap.
Asuka: Huh?
Satouin: Asuka Kurashina! I humbly request a duel with you! I entrust the red rose of my heart to you!
Asuka: Huh? Oh, yes, I-I understand? I think I understand, right, Coach? Um, what am I supposed to say here...?
Masaya: Huh? Oh, um, well... a duel?
Satouin: I'm not asking Masaya Hinata, but you, Asuka Kurashina!
Asuka: Y-Yes? Yes!
Asuka begins to nod her head, getting swept away with the flow as she flusters.
Misaki: Hahahahaha.
Misaki casually laughs.
Misaki: A duel, huh? Pretty insane. Good luck, girls, I'm rooting for you. 'Kay, well, see you la--
Masaya: Wait! Don't just run away from us. We're not done talking yet.
Asuka: He's right, we're not.
Asuka steps out in front of Misaki to block her path and stares her down.
Asuka: Please just come to practice, at least for today. If you don't, I'll... Um, I'll... Um, um... Hm, I'll cry!
Misaki is slightly taken aback.
Misaki: Y-You crying won't--
Asuka: Hic...!
Misaki: D-Don't actually cry on me now! Didn't your parents ever teach you that crying doesn't get you what you want?
Asuka: So you won't come, Misaki-chan? I guess I'll just have to bawl my eyes out until they're dry.
Masaya: Th-That would be a problem.
Being next to a girl who's wailing in the street is bad enough.
But staying like that until her tears run dry? That's so scary I can't even imagine it.
Asuka: ......
Asuka continues to stare straight into Misaki's eyes as she grasps one of her hands.
Misaki: Fine, I get it. Just quit pulling on me already!
Misaki: God... I'll tag along, but that's it. Okay?
Asuka: You'll really come?
Misaki: I just said I would, didn't I? But only because you're so pushy.
Asuka: Yaaay! Thank you so much!
Misaki: Don't think this is anything to be happy about...
Asuka: It is, it really is! I've been wanting to face you again for so long!
Misaki: I never said anything about having a match.
Asuka: I don't care, as long as you're with us!
Misaki: Lemme make this perfectly clear, I'm not gonna fly.
Asuka: Just the thought that there's a chance has me all excited!
Satouin-san stares in exasperation as Asuka clings to Misaki.
Satouin: Misaki-chan this, Misaki-chan that... Asuka Kurashina! Are you fully aware that you have been challenged to a duel by none other than I, Reiko Satouin?
Asuka: Huh?
Satouin: I would ask that you wipe the look of confusion off your face. You have just been challenged to a duel. I am waiting to hear whether or not you are willing to accept!
Asuka: Oh, um... Well, uh... S-Sorry, I don't understand!
Satouin: Ugh!
Asuka's pure honesty leaves Satouin-san at a momentary loss for words.
Satouin: Your opponent today shall be none other than I, Reiko Satouin!
Asuka: R-Right...
Satouin: Hehehehe, how very amusing. I take great interest in your innocence. You have accepted my challenge, so now, let us move to your practice grounds.
Satouin-san begins walking away.
Rika: Well, there you have it.
Rika: Ah...!
Misaki: Hm? There something on my face?
Rika: O-Oh no, nothing.
Masaya: Um, Satouin-san. You realize <i>I'm</i> the one in charge here? You can't just decide this by yourself.
Satouin: This is a duel, not practice. Coaches are not required in such an act.
Masaya: But, um, what about you, Asuka? Do you really wanna do this? You can always say no.
Asuka: I'd love to face Satouin-san. She was the one who gave me my very first match, after all.
This could be a good chance to see how far Asuka has come.
Masaya: What do you think, Misaki?
Misaki: Do you even need my opinion?
Masaya: Yeah, you're a member of our club, too.
Misaki: Hm, I guess it's fine?
What she really means by that is, "I don't care." I can tell.
I turn to face Satouin-san.
Masaya: You'll get your chance in a few days, so why rush it?
Satouin: I wished to do this before our practice sessions.
Masaya: Yeah, but why?
Satouin: Her match with Shindou-san.
Asuka: ......
Misaki: ......
I notice both Asuka's and Misaki's expressions change ever so slightly upon hearing that.
To put it bluntly, Asuka's face brightens, while Misaki's darkens.
Satouin: My pride will not allow me to simply leave an opponent be when they put up such a fight against our president.
Masaya: What's your pride got to do with anything?
Satouin: You are not the only ones who wish to be able to put up a good fight against our president.
Masaya: So like... you're saying you do, too?
Satouin: Yes. Anyone who practices FC on Shitou would feel the same.
Masaya: You go to the same school and are in the same club, so why not just ask him for a match?
Satouin: There would be no point if it wasn't a serious match, and I'm not shameless enough to go and beg for someone to have a serious match with me.
The corners of Satouin-san's mouth curl in displeasure.
Satouin: I will be Takafuji's next president, after all. My first order of business must be to deal with the opponent who managed to corner our previous president.
Masaya: So it's about your school's honor, huh?
Satouin: Yes. It may not be much, but this is one of the traditions we must uphold.
The smile Satouin-san displays is of a different nature to the one I usually see.
Who knew she had this side to her?
If I'm being polite, I would call it dignity. If not, it would be obsession.
What grounds a person can be their team, their school, or in some cases, the person themselves.
When they find something that threatens that, their true nature comes to the forefront.
I hated my true nature, which is why I gave up on FC.
But I'm convinced that Satouin-san feels even stronger about this than Misaki or I do.
Rika: Ah...!
Ichinose gives Satouin-san an anxious look.
I doubt she's ever seen Satouin-san cause such a commotion before. Hell, this may even be the first time it's happened.
This is certainly feeling more like a duel than a practice match to me.
At any rate...
This question's been eating away at me for a while now. It's a question I've had since I saw Asuka's first FC match with Satouin-san. A question I just can't contain at this point.
And so, I'll ask it.
I take a step closer to Satouin-san.
Masaya: Satouin-san, why did you have that match with our president, Shion Aoyagi? Was that some kind of duel too?
Satouin: It was to relieve Kunahama Academy of the "in." To make it an academic stitute.
Masaya: That's a funny joke... You know, Prez may not have been a match for you, but I bet he'd do fine against Shindou-san.
Satouin: ......
Masaya: I thought Prez was the only person on Shitou who had a hope of beating Shindou-san. Not because of ability, but more a probability thing... If they faced each other enough times, our president would eventually win. I still stand by that.
Satouin: I cannot see any possible way Shion Aoyagi could defeat our president.
Masaya: As I said, it's probability, nothing to do with skill. If Prez gets a chance to control the match, then no one can stop him. You noticed that, didn't you, Satouin-san?
Satouin: It was your president who challenged me to begin with. What I thought is of little importance.
Masaya: But you thought you'd take the opportunity to make him believe he'd never beat Shindou-san, didn't you?
Satouin: ......
Masaya: Unfortunately for you, Prez is too brazen for that to work.
Satouin: That is a baseless conjecture. You're quite simply mistaken, Masaya Hinata.
Masaya: I apologize if I've offended you. But as far as the elite Takafuji is concerned, our president winning against Shindou-san is something that wasn't allowed to happen, right?
Ichinose looks between Satouin-san and myself.
Rika: Did this really happen?
Satouin: It's all in the past now, so it matters not. I simply refused to back down from a challenge. The rest is simply Masaya Hinata's theory.
Maybe I am just imagining things.
Satouin-san doesn't seem like the kind of person to do that.
However, I can tell she's harboring powerful emotions beneath that strong expression of hers.
And that's why she's shown up here.
Satouin: All I wish for right now is a match with Asuka Kurashina, nothing more.
Misaki: Hmm, so you're like, Takafuji's security guard, then?
Satouin: As I said, that is simply Masaya Hinata's theory.
Satouin-san, who's been walking ahead of us, makes a sudden turn.
Satouin: ......
Misaki: Wh-What?
Satouin: Are you frustrated, Misaki Tobisawa?
Misaki returns Satouin-san's pressuring gaze with a wry smile.
Misaki: Why would I be?
Satouin: Because Asuka Kurashina was able to put up more of a fight against our president than you were.
Asuka: O-Oh no, I really didn't...
Satouin: Asuka Kurashina is entitled to her opinion, but I'm asking what you think.
Misaki: Hm, nothing, I guess?
Satouin: Is that true now?
Misaki: God, you're so annoying. I meant what I said.
Satouin: So you make no comparisons between yourself and Asuka Kurashina?
Misaki: Nope, not in the slightest.
She's totally lying. Of course she's comparing herself to Asuka.
Satouin: Very well then, if you insist.
Satouin-san turns to me instead.
Satouin: Let us continue to your practice grounds, then.
Mashiro and Madoka drop down beside us.
Madoka: Wow, you captured the wild Misaki!
Masaya: Somehow.
Misaki: I'm not Bigfoot...
Mashiro turns off her Grav Shoes, then plops down to the ground before spreading her arms wide.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai! You must finally be ready to return my love!
Misaki: Yeah, no, not gonna happen.
Misaki slips to the side, dodging Mashiro's charge.
Misaki: Hey, no one gave you permission to hug me.
Mashiro: So what, I'm just supposed to keep all my feelings bottled up inside me?
Misaki: Uh, yeah?
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai! Misaki-senpai! Misaki-senpai!
Misaki's like a matador, dodging consecutive charges from Mashiro.
Misaki: Whoa, that was a close one... Hehehe, not today, Mashiro. If you want a hug that badly, you're gonna have to come at me with everything you've got.
Mashiro: Haaah... If she doesn't let up soon, I'm never going to be able to bury my face in her soft, pillowy chest.
Misaki: I was wondering why you were leading head first.
Madoka: Mashiro's gotten really nimble lately, but I guess Misaki still has the edge. Even though she's been getting pudgy from all the snacking.
Misaki: I am not pudgy! If anything, I've slimmed down.
Madoka: Fat chance.
Misaki: Thin chance, I think you'll find!
Mashiro: I think you're beautiful no matter what. I'll love you no matter regardless of if you're pudgy or squidgy or sticky or rocky!
Misaki: Purretty sure this is what hell feels like.
Madoka: Anyway, weren't you with Asuka-chan? Oh, whoa! Ichinose-san's here too?!
Rika: Good day.
Ichinose bows, slightly taken aback.
Mashiro: I see... It all makes sense now. We're trading Asuka-senpai for Ichinose-san.
Masaya: How the hell'd you come to that conclusion? And when did I get the authority to do that?
Mashiro: Now there'll be two freshmen...
Masaya: Not happening. You could at least try and listen to me. Like I was trying to say, Satouin-san is here as well.
Madoka: She is? Why's that?
Masaya: Well... she wants a duel with Asuka.
Mashiro/Madoka: A duel?!
Mashiro: A duel?!
Madoka: A duel?!
I give a brief rundown of everything that happened in town.
Madoka: A duel, huh?
Madoka mutters, seemingly exasperated.
Mashiro: Will Asuka-senpai be okay? I can feel the anxiety building up inside my chest already.
Misaki: Maybe that'll make them bigger?
Mashiro: Th-That's so mean! However, if you're willing to let me sample your massive chest, I'll forgive you.
Misaki: You're really obsessed with my chest today, huh? Well, that's not happening, but I can fondle yours instead if you want.
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: Shame you're all silent now. You're going to miss your chance.
Mashiro: It would be discourteous if I wasn't perfectly clean for this occasion, so do allow me to take a shower.
Misaki: Should've known you'd take that seriously. Can't you tell when I'm joking?
Mashiro: You were <i>not</i> joking!
Misaki: But I'm the one who said it?!
Mashiro: It's hot, so how about I cool down my chest. That way, you can use it as a pillow.
Masaya: Like a reverse water bottle?
Misaki: I've always thought water bottles felt kinda gross.
Mashiro: Are you saying that I do too?
Misaki: Bingo!
Mashiro: Don't give me that innocent, cherubic nod! That hurt!
Madoka: Anyway, I can't believe I've lived to see the day that someone would actually challenge another person to a duel.
Masaya: We're still students.
Misaki: I swear, Satouin-san thinks of the weirdest things.
Rika: ......
Misaki casually peers into Ichinose's face. She's just standing there petrified.
Misaki: Ichinose-chan, Ichinose-chan!
Rika: Y-Yes?!
Misaki: Is Satouin-san always like this?
Rika: Th-This would be the first time. She's mentioned wanting to do it before, but she's never taken it quite this far...
I did think she was putting on an act back there.
Misaki: I see...
Misaki: Well, that aside, was there some reason you were looking at me during the earlier conversation?
Rika: ......
Ichinose tenses up.
Rika: Well...
Misaki: There's something you wanna say, right?
Rika: There is, but I'm not exactly sure how to say it.
Madoka: It's your tits.
Madoka declares promptly.
Rika: Huh?
Mashiro: She's jealous of your chest, Misaki-senpai.
Madoka: Mashirocchi and Ichinose-san are on team "pancake."
Rika: Pancake?! I-I think you'll find you're wrong!
Mashiro: Excuse you, I think you'll find you're wrong in my case, too! And don't go giving us a weird name!
Madoka: The world can be divided into two groups. Those who envy Misaki's chest, and those who don't.
Rika: How did we end up getting lumped together...?
Mashiro: Just so we're all perfectly clear here, Misaki-senpai's chest belongs to me!
Rika: Y-You're certainly welcome to it...
Misaki: No, don't just go along with her, Ichinose-san! I don't remember ever saying I belong to Mashiro.
Mashiro: It's only a matter of time.
Misaki: Hahahaha, why do you think you'll manage that?
The smile on Misaki's face suddenly vanishes.
Misaki: So, what were you really thinking?
Madoka: Ugh, geez! I was trying to lighten the mood!
Misaki: Hehe, sorry, my bad. I just hate leaving things up in the air.
Masaya: Misaki.
Misaki: Oh, c'mon, it's fine. It's not like we're arguing. I'm not gonna get offended about whatever it is.
Misaki drops her shoulders on purpose to show she's fed up.
Misaki: So, you clearly have something you want to say. Just purroceed already.
Rika: ......
Ichinose gulps, then...
Rika: Well, if you insist.
Rika: There was something about you that terrified me at the summer tournament... No, even at our training camp.
Misaki: Did my flight suit emphasize my chest that meowch?
Rika: N-No, I'm talking about FC.
Misaki: I apurrlogize, I just can't help making jokes.
Rika: So, as I was saying, I can't really work out if you still scare me or not right now.
Misaki: ...What's that supposed to mean?
Rika: When I first see you, I'm afraid. But the longer I look at you, the less I feel scared. This is a weird way of putting it, but it's like you're not properly scary.
Misaki: Hehehe, so that's the way you feel about me, Ichinose-chan.
Rika: Sorry for being so presumptuous.
Misaki: Oh no, I'm the one who made you say it. Sorry about that.
Misaki: ...So I've lost my intensity, huh?
Misaki mutters in a dejected tone.
I wonder if the reason Ichinose's thought that in depth about it is because, deep down, she was hoping to have another match with Misaki?
Masaya: Ichinose, did you wanna face Misaki again?
Rika: I do, if that's possible. I brought my competition Grav Shoes just in case.
Misaki: Sorry, but I'll pass.
Rika: ...I see.
Misaki: Just not in the mood right now, y'know? Nothing to do with you, Ichinose-chan.
Masaya: You guys can face off in our practice matches. Doesn't have to be a duel.
I can't quite work out what Ichinose's intentions are, but if it helps Misaki regain her motivation...
Misaki furrows her brow and smiles wryly.
Misaki: Purraise me for at least coming.
She'll rise to provocation, but won't engage in a match, huh?
Misaki giggles to relieve the tension...
And then, the clubroom door creaks.
Asuka and Satouin-san step out, having finished changing.
Masaya: This may be a duel, but you two still need to warm up.
I'm not letting them rush into exercise and get injured on my watch.
Masaya: Are we good with using the standard ruleset?
Satouin: Of course. I wish to engage Asuka Kurashina in a battle where she can unleash her full potential.
Satouin: However, there is one condition I'd like to add.
Asuka: There is?
Masaya: Hm?
Satouin: Seconds are banned from interfering in the flow of the match. All they can do is relay the opponent's position.
Masaya: Okay, but... why?
Satouin: I wish for this match to be a true test of our individual skills.
Asuka: So it's all down to me...
Satouin: Indeed. I'm not challenging Masaya Hinata to a duel here, after all.
Asuka's hand shoots up into the air.
Asuka: Okay! That rule sounds fun! I wanna give it a go!
Masaya: Hm...
I wonder...
It's an interesting way of measuring a player's true skill level.
But if Asuka loses this match...
People are delicate, especially when it comes to sports. No matter how brazen a player acts, they can be wounded by the most trivial thing.
Losing a match without a second means the player has no one to place the blame on. The second can't say their instructions were poor and take the blame, either. The player has to take the entire blow themselves.
Maybe I should step in and veto this rule.
But at the same time...
Masaya: If Asuka's fine with it, then sure.
Asuka: Great! Okay, let's adopt that rule, then.
It might not be the politest way to measure Asuka's current skill level, but I'm interested to see how it goes.
That's why I gave my okay, but--
Oh...
A prickling pain shoots through a corner of my mind like a bolt of electricity.
It's like my subconscious is trying to make me think of something I've forgotten to consider.
I realize what it is. It throbs inside my mind, threatening to burst free.
Will Asuka's motivation hold up if she loses this match?
I know it's wrong of me, as her coach, but I'm almost curious to see what'll happen.
However...
There's a strange, disgusting feeling...
It takes on an indefinite shape as it swirls around inside me, refusing to leave.
Shit. I've gotta change something before it's too late...
Masaya: I don't think I should be the second in this situation.
Things won't turn out well for her if I take command in my current mental state.
Asuka: I'm fine with you, Coach, even if you're only telling me positions!
Masaya: No, I'll probably end up saying more than I should. Mashiro, you've got the gist of things, right? You be her second.
Mashiro: Huwuh, me? W-Well, if you say so...
I glance over at Asuka.
Masaya: Mashiro will be your second.
Asuka: Okay, if you say so, Coach...
Satouin: The only second available to me is Ichinose-san. I trust that's acceptable? We promise not to speak of anything beside positioning.
Rika: Yes, I promise.
Masaya: Madoka'll be the ref, then.
Madoka: That's fine by me, but why don't you do it, Hinata-kun?
Masaya: I wanna watch the match from here. Okay, Asuka, Satouin-san, please go warm up. We'll start the match in five minutes.
Asuka: Okay!
Satouin: Understood.
Everyone takes up their posts.
I return to the one person who's left standing there.
Misaki: Oh, how kind of you to come join me.
I stand next to Misaki, who's leaning against the bus.
Misaki: You don't have to stick so close to me. I'm not gonna run away.
Masaya: I know that.
I'm sure Misaki is conflicted over whether to watch Asuka's match or not.
Despite that, I know she has far too much pride to run away.
Masaya: I just want someone to talk to. That too much to ask?
Misaki: Fine by me... But I feel like talking to a wall would probably be better than me right now.
Masaya: You shouldn't be so hard on yourself.
Misaki: I'm not.
Misaki clamps her mouth together, pouting.
I whisper a question to her so no one else can hear.
Masaya: Who do you think'll win?
Misaki: Who do <i>you</i> think will win, Masaya?
Masaya: Probably Satouin-san.
Misaki: Wow, that's a quick response.
For a moment, Misaki shows me a genuine smile, but it quickly turns into a smirk.
I might have been smiling in much the same way.
I want to see Asuka lose, for all the strength she's gained.
I'm sure Misaki and I share this darkness. A wicked feeling inside that we don't want to face.
I can't be the only one.
Misaki: But, y'know...
Misaki suddenly speaks up.
Misaki: Asuka gave Shindou-san a pretty good fight, yeah? She might be better than Satouin-san.
Masaya: I think Asuka might have gone beyond her actual skill level in that match.
Misaki: You're saying she only performed that well 'cause she was up against Shindou-san?
Masaya: Yep. He ended up bringing out the best in her.
Shindou-san brought out Asuka's true potential.
It's an easy conclusion to come to in hindsight.
Masaya: Considering Satouin-san's playstyle, I doubt this match will come to that.
She's the type of player who targets an opponent's weaknesses.
That won't help Asuka draw out her true potential.
Masaya: The lack of a second means the result will come down to experience more than anything. I doubt Asuka has much of a chance.
Misaki: So Satouin-san changed the rules to benefit herself?
Masaya: Not sure that's why. I feel like she actually wanted to have a match against Asuka with no interference.
I stare over at Satouin-san in silence as she's warming up.
I understand why she wants to play against Asuka, but at the same time, I don't.
Asuka: I have a question.
Satouin-san was just about to do some field flying as part of her routine when Asuka, looking puzzled, calls out to her.
Satouin: What is it?
Asuka: I was just thinking... why did you want to challenge me to a duel?
Satouin: I believe I already explained my reasoning.
Asuka: Because I put up a good fight against Shindou-san, right? But in that case, why me instead of Inui-san? Did you already duel her?
Satouin: No, I haven't been to see Saki Inui. I'm of the opinion that your match with our president was far better.
Asuka: No way! That can't be true!
Satouin: Huh?
Asuka sharply denies what Satouin-san said, a complete reversal of how she'd reacted when she'd been compared to Misaki.
Misaki: ...Asuka?
Misaki mutters her name under her breath, shocked by the sudden change.
Madoka/Mashiro/Rika: ......
Madoka: ......
Mashiro: ......
Rika: ......
Everyone holds their breath.
Asuka: The match between Shindou-san and Inui-san was the most incredible one of all! I didn't even make him break a sweat!
Satouin: ......
Satouin-san, who's used to controlling the conversation, is forced into silence by Asuka's intensity.
Asuka: That match was simply amazing... I mean it.
Rika: U-Um... I believe everyone is entitled to their own opinions. I don't think you can deny the way Satouin-senpai feels like that.
Asuka: I can deny it. I have to deny it.
Rika: Y-You're pretty insistent on this, huh?
Asuka: Everyone may be entitled to their own opinions, but that doesn't apply to FC. There's a way to come to a conclusion in FC.
Rika: Which is?
Asuka: Which is... Um, I was saying, it's not about people's opinions... It can't be about that. Inui-san is amazing, she has to be.
I can feel the irritation in Asuka's voice as she tries to form the sentences she wants to say.
There's an intensity behind her words. It's painfully clear that she's trying to say something important.
Asuka: Do you understand what I'm trying to say, Coach?
Masaya: I agree that Inui is incredible, but I also think you should accept Satouin-san's opinion.
Satouin: He's right. I desire a match with you, Asuka Kurashina, not Saki Inui.
Asuka: I understand!
Satouin: Wh-What do you understand?
Asuka turns to face Satouin-san with a "hmph."
Asuka: I'll just have to show you how incredible Inui-san is myself!
At first, Satouin-san is taken aback, but then the corners of her mouth begin to rise.
Satouin: Hehehehe... OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO!
She laughs shrilly as she provocatively sticks out her chest and widens her legs.
Satouin: Very well then. I don't profess to understand what you mean, but come at me with all you have, Asuka Kurashina!
Asuka: Understood!
Asuka shoots back a firm reply.
Misaki leans her head back against the bus she's leaning against and listlessly looks up at the sky.
I follow her lead and do the exact same thing.
The two players are heading toward first.
Misaki: I knew that kitty was fierce, but she's got some serious claws.
Masaya: Yeah, I've never seen her act like that.
Misaki: It's pretty amazing, but I couldn't compete with her there.
Masaya: You don't need to compete with her. Just keep on being you, Misaki.
Misaki: Keep on being me, huh...?
Misaki continues staring straight ahead.
Misaki: You really think it's that simple?
Masaya: Whether it's complicated or simple depends on you, right?
Misaki: ......
Misaki remains silent as she tries to think of up a reply.
Misaki: Do you know what makes Inui-san so awesome then, Masaya?
Masaya: I kinda do, but I kinda don't.
Misaki: Would it kill you to be decisive once in a while?
Masaya: I mean, it's what she did in her match against Shindou-san.
Misaki: If you get that much, you should be able to put it into words.
Masaya: Like... I think I'd say she was controlling her opponent. Yeah, that's it.
Misaki: What exactly do you mean by controlling?
Masaya: That... I don't know yet.
Misaki: Isn't that the same as not knowing anything at all?
Masaya: Maybe.
It's been weighing on my mind ever since I saw the match, but I have no answer.
Though I have a certain somebody to thank for leaving me unable to fully focus on that topic.
You know who I mean.
If Misaki had just dragged her butt to practice, I probably would've had the time to think it over.
But constantly worrying about her and thinking about my past meant I wasn't in the right state of mind to worry about Inui.
I look over at Misaki as she stares up at the field.
Misaki: ......
I feel like Misaki not coming to club has driven me up against a mental wall.
But what am I even feeling right now?
It's a combination of me caring about Misaki, me resenting Misaki, and even me being afraid of Misaki.
My feelings for her are pleasant, yet also sad, and also filled with anxiety.
It's enough to leave my heart a mess.
Maybe while I was spending my time thinking about Misaki, Asuka managed to pick something up about Inui.
And, if that's true...
I'm a failure as a coach.
Misaki: Looks like it's time for the match to start.
Masaya: Yeah.
The two players are waiting on the first line.
Madoka: You ready? You ready?
Madoka's exaggerating every action she makes like she's a professional American ref, pointing at the two players in turn to confirm they're ready.
Misaki: Madoka's excited.
Masaya: The hell's up with that performance...
I do admire how she tries to have fun no matter the situation, though.
Asuka: ......
Satouin: ......
In contrast to Madoka, the two players waiting for the starting signal are the very picture of seriousness.
Are they both targeting second?
Madoka: Ready, set...!
Asuka: ......
Satouin: ......
Madoka: MWOOOOOOH!
Madoka mimics the sound of a horn, and the two players instantly dive into Yo-Yos.
Misaki bumps her head against the bus behind her twice.
Misaki: Hm, they're both going for the buoy.
Masaya: Makes sense. They're pure All-Rounders. Neither favors the Speeder or Fighter styles.
They won't know who has the speed advantage until they test it out.
Misaki: I know you said Asuka's perfected her form, but will that let her fly faster than Satouin-san?
To begin with, the two seem to be on even ground, but...
Masaya: I think Satouin-san's faster.
It doesn't matter how much Asuka has improved when there's still an experience gap between them.
Satouin-san is just shy of a meter ahead of Asuka by the time they cross the middle of the first line.
Misaki: How clingy is Asuka gonna be, then?
The possibility of Asuka catching up would be low if they were flying level, but since they're in the middle of a Yo-Yo, the ascent could give her the chance to pull ahead.
However...
If I were acting as her second right now, I probably would've ordered her to jump to the second line.
The moment that thought crosses my mind, Asuka moves toward the second line.
Misaki: Playing it careful, isn't she?
Masaya: More like sticking to the standard tactics. It would've been too risky to stick to the chase for-- Hm?
Asuka reaches her spot above the line, rotates to kill her speed, and waits for Satouin-san.
I feel like I've seen this before.
Misaki: Isn't that what Mashiro did against Satouin-san?
Masaya: That's it!
This is exactly what I instructed Mashiro to do during the summer tournament. Put pressure on her from above.
Asuka said she was planning to show how awesome Inui was.
I'm sure she can pull off this strategy better than Mashiro did.
But that's not what she's trying to prove.
Is there some kind of link between the strategy I gave Mashiro and Inui's own tactics?
Satouin-san looks up at Asuka hovering above the line, then accelerates toward second and touches it.
Misaki: Satouin-san's gonna blow right by her.
After that, she immediately sets her sights on third.
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka holds her breath and accelerates diagonally down toward Satouin-san.
Satouin-san has the advantage in distance, as she's flying in a straight line from buoy to buoy. Asuka has the advantage in speed, with gravity helping her accelerate.
Satouin: Heh...
Asuka: Ngh!
Seemingly judging that she won't catch up to Satouin-san, Asuka twists around to change course and jumps over to the third line.
Misaki: Good thing she gave up. Always figured she was the type who wouldn't know when to call it quits.
Masaya: Same here.
Asuka's a terrifically hard worker. But hard workers never know when to quit.
That's why both Misaki and I thought that, without anyone giving her instructions, she'd keep fighting for the buoy to the last minute.
Satouin: ......
By the time Satouin-san touches third...
Asuka: ......
Asuka is already on standby above the third line.
Satouin-san starts flying down the fastest route to the next buoy, and Asuka heads into a Low Yo-Yo while aiming at her.
What is Asuka thinking?
The same events play out over the third and fourth lines, leaving the score at 0:4.
Misaki breathes a small sigh as she stares up at the sky.
Misaki: Maybe Asuka's the kind of player to fall back on the basics when she doesn't have you instructing her?
I notice a hint of relief mixed in with her sigh.
Oh, there it is again.
That prickling pain I've been experiencing all too often.
I focus on the pain. I know it.
But what the hell is it again?
It feels like my dark emotions are an amoeba that's slipping through the gaps in my muscle fibers.
I get it now.
This... This is how it feels to envy another person's talent.
It's not just simple envy, though. It's something far darker, comprising of the desire to crush that talent beneath me.
That emotion, too, was mixed in with Misaki's sigh.
Masaya: ......
So now I know how Misaki feels.
But... why me...? Why do I...?
My heart pounds.
Ugh...
Why do I...?
Ugh...
I'm her coach, so why am I...?
Why am I jealous of Asuka too?!
No, no, no!
This is wrong!
Only kids feel this way! I'm <i>way</i> too old for this!
Asuka: ......
Asuka jumps from high above the fourth line to high above the first. She jerks her upper body forward, puffing out her chest to strike an intimidating pose. Then, she stops.
Misaki: Hm? Did something happen?
Mashiro: Is something wrong? Are you hurt? Is it your leg? Your back?
Her sudden stop is enough to make us think something's wrong. Even Satouin-san grinds to a halt.
Satouin: Is something the matter? If you're feeling under the weather, we can suspend our match.
Asuka: No, I'm fine. More importantly...
Asuka shakes her head, then clamps her eyes shut, draws a huge breath, and yells...
Asuka: WELL? DO YOU UNDERSTAND NOW?
Satouin: Huh?
Madoka: Huh?
Masaya: Huh?
Misaki: Huh?
Mashiro: Huh?
Rika: Huh?
Masaya/Misaki: Huh?
Rika/Mashiro: Huh?
You can practically see the question marks hanging over our heads.
Not a single person has a clue what Asuka means. However, she gives a large, satisfied nod.
Asuka: Good, then that's the end of this duel.
As if to prove she's being serious, she moves to leave the field.
Satouin: H-Hold on a moment!
Asuka: What is it?
She gives Satouin-san the most naive look imaginable.
Satouin: I'd rather you not look so puzzled. I don't understand anything here.
Asuka: ...Huh?
Satouin: I said that I'd rather you not look so puzzled, and that I don't understand anything here.
Asuka: When you say anything... Um, h-how much do you mean?
Satouin: Everything. Do you need me to provide you with a dictionary?
Madoka: Uhhh...
Madoka turns to me after she gets a good look at the two of them.
Madoka: Do we continue the match, or do we accept Asuka-chan's forfeit?
Masaya: Continue the match.
Asuka: Are you sure? You understand me, don't you, Coach?
Masaya: A little. But I want to see how you'll proceed from here. Think you can keep going?
Asuka: I sure can!
Madoka looks over at Satouin-san.
Madoka: Well, you heard them...
Satouin: I'm rather perplexed, but I'm fine with continuing our match.
Asuka: Okay!
Satouin-san leans forward and speeds toward the next buoy. Asuka launches down on her from above. Everything plays out the same as it did before.
Misaki: You've figured out what Asuka's doing?
Masaya: Nope, but I've gotta save face somehow.
Misaki: Masaya, you sly dog.
Masaya: I mean, I do have an idea, but I'm not confident. That's why I'm having them continue.
If my guess is correct...
Then Asuka is trying to push herself a whole stage higher.
Satouin-san gracefully touches the next buoy.
Satouin: Now the score's five nil.
Asuka: ......
Misaki: So you don't think she's just wasting her time up there?
Masaya: I spoke to Asuka back when Shindou-san was facing Inui.
Misaki: Oh yeah, you did.
Masaya: She told me it felt like Inui was controlling Shindou-san.
Misaki: Hm...
Misaki: ...Wait.
There's a glint in Misaki's eyes as they narrow.
Her mouth flaps open and closed several times as if she's gasping for air a few times, but then...
Misaki: ...You're saying Asuka's trying to control this match?
Masaya: I'm not saying she's trying to... I'm saying she's doing it.
Misaki: But it's 5:0. How is that being in control?
Masaya: I'm pretty sure that, as far as Asuka's concerned right now, the score isn't what counts.
Misaki: But then what's the point? FC is all about the final score.
Masaya: That's why I added "right now."
Misaki: ......
Over on the field, Asuka has just flown in front of Satouin-san.
Asuka: Take this!
Satouin: Ngh!
Masaya: Asuka just scored a point.
Misaki: It's still 5 to 1... That's nothing.
Misaki mutters, sounding bored.
Asuka: Ah!
Asuka's touched three buoys in a row, making the score 5:3.
Satouin: Ngh!
Satouin-san lowers her speed, jumping lines for the first time this match.
Asuka: Yaaay!
Asuka checks Satouin-san's positioning before easing herself to the buoy, touching it, and making it 5:4.
Misaki: Why's Asuka suddenly touching all the buoys instead of Satouin-san?
Masaya: Since Asuka was in the higher position, Satouin-san had no choice but to fly in a straight line if she wanted to go for the buoys.
Misaki: She didn't?
Masaya: She didn't. Though that's only if she was going for the buoys. If she'd been going for a dogfight, it'd be a different story.
Misaki: Got it. Keep going.
Masaya: Because she was lower in the air than Asuka, she couldn't use a Low Yo-Yo to her advantage.
Misaki: Huh? Ohhh, right. Since Asuka is higher up, she'd gain more speed in a race downward.
Masaya: It would be manageable if Asuka was just descending, but Satouin-san would have to ascend to reach the buoy.
You lose a lot of speed on the ascent.
Misaki: So, what're you saying, exactly? That while Asuka has the height advantage, Satouin-san's only choice is to fly along the line if she wants to score off the buoy?
Masaya: I'm not 100%, but I'm pretty sure that's true.
Misaki: But then, assuming Asuka is controlling the match, why'd she let Satouin-san take five points from her?
Masaya: Measuring the angle and speed she'd need to use to reach the buoys faster than Satouin-san, most likely. Remember she's hopping from line to line because she can't outspeed Satouin-san.
The rules state that if you jump lines, you can't touch the next buoy until there's either physical contact between players or their paths cross.
Masaya: She knows she's at a disadvantage when it becomes a contest of speed, so she's probably also trying to find the right speed to touch the buoy with. That way, she can engage in a dogfight right after if necessary.
Misaki: You're trying to tell me Asuka thinks of all that during a match? You can't think during a match! You have to take things as they come.
I remember what Shirase-san and Aoi-san told me.
Shirase: Haven't you noticed? Misaki-chan relies too much on intuition. In fact, she and Asuka-chan are polar opposites.
Aoi: Exactly. Her inability to put together everything she's learned leaves her no better off than Aoyagi.
Shirase: On the other hand, Misaki-chan hasn't trained her mind for FC. Everything she does is based on instinct and reflexes. She doesn't try to predict what her opponent will do or read into their actions in the slightest. Basically, she has nothing in the way of strategy.
Aoi: All her actions come from split-second decisions.
I feel like I've been punched in the gut as I open my mouth.
Masaya: ...Players who don't think can't get stronger.
Misaki: Ah...
Misaki lets out a tiny gasp.
Maybe I shouldn't have said that.
I'm too afraid to see how Misaki looks right now, so I continue to stare up at the field.
There's a slight hint of confusion in Satouin-san's actions, but it's not enough to destroy her belligerent attitude.
Satouin: I'm starting to understand now. This does feel similar to how Saki Inui plays.
Asuka: You really understand?! I'm so happy!
Satouin: However, this isn't over yet!
Satouin-san shoots up diagonally toward Asuka.
She's going for a dogfight.
Asuka: ......
Asuka observes Satouin-san's flight path, and just as she moves into a downward facing posture...
Misaki: That's enough.
Masaya: Enough what?
Misaki: Enough, enough!
She snaps her eyes away from the field.
Misaki: I already know what'll happen.
Masaya: I see... Well okay, then.
Misaki: She's just trying to reproduce what happened between Shindou-san and Inui-san, right?
Masaya: I'm sure that's what she'd like, ideally. But I doubt she can pull it off that well.
Misaki: She's still a beginner. The match is going exactly how she wants, anyway. Sure, she might end up losing, but it doesn't really matter what the result is.
Misaki's lips tremble.
Misaki: Asuka is stronger than Satouin-san.
Masaya: Yeah, she is.
That's clear as day.
Not only is Asuka at a stage where she's trying new things out, but she can try things out and still keep up with her opponent. At this rate, the world of FC could very well be her oyster.
Misaki: Well, whatever.
Misaki pushes off against the bus and stands up straight.
Misaki: Aha!
Then, she flashes me a beaming smile.
Misaki: Asuka's amazing. Far more amazing than me.
I recognize that smile. I'm pretty sure it's the exact same one I made back then.
A smile to lie to yourself, and protect you from your own shortcomings.
Masaya: ......
I can only stare back at Misaki.
Misaki: ......
The darkness inside itches at me.
Why aren't I saying anything?
Masaya: Ah...
I let a shallow gasp slip through my faintly parted lips.
Say something, anything! If you don't, Misaki will--
Misaki: Ah...!
Satouin: Ngh!
I can hear Satouin-san cry out from above.
Time is ticking onward.
I know I have to say something, but I just can't form the words.
Madoka: MWOOOH, MWOOOH, MWOOOOOOH!
Madoka mimics a horn again.
Madoka: 6:6, it's a tie. These situations lead to five minutes of overtime, right?
Satouin: There'll be no overtime. There are no extensions in duels.
Madoka: Um...
Madoka looks over at me.
Masaya: If that's what Satouin-san says, it's fine by me. What about you, Asuka?
Asuka: Sounds good to me.
Satouin: ......
Satouin-san remains silent as she flies down to us.
Satouin: Grant thy azure blessing to mine wings...
I know she's just using her activation sequence to turn off her Grav Shoes, but those profound words make my chest ache.
Rika: Satouin-senpai...
Ignoring Ichinose's call, she enters the bus and shuts the door behind her.
Guess she's getting changed already.
She could have stayed behind for practice, since she came all the way here.
But I suppose I wouldn't really be in the mood for practice after a match like that, either.
Misaki: 6:6, huh? Quite a lot of points for how things turned out.
Masaya: Yeah, because Satouin-san got five points from buoys, and Asuka got three herself.
Asuka managed to consistently avoid getting dragged too far into the dogfights, keeping a consistent height advantage over Satouin-san.
But that's all it took, from an outside perspective at least, for her to get three more points.
It wasn't a particularly flashy battle. All I saw was one player pushing the other closer to the water's surface.
Asuka turns to Misaki from the field, smiling and yelling...
Asuka: Misaki-chan! Will you have a match with me?
Misaki: ......
Misaki's expression sours immediately.
Misaki: You monster.
Masaya: Misaki.
Misaki: ...Sorry.
She turns to me and whispers.
Misaki: I'm quitting FC.
Masaya: Huh?
Misaki: I'm quitting FC.
Masaya: No, wait--
Misaki: I'm off. Don't follow me.
Misaki spins around.
She's actually about to leave. She'll let the start of our summer end without even using the field once.
Masaya: ......
Back when I suffered my crushing defeat, I had so many things to say.
Yet now, while Misaki's going through the exact same thing, nothing comes to mind.
Asuka: Misaki-chan?
Asuka approaches and, noticing something is off with Misaki, calls out to her in a worried tone.
Misaki: Get Masaya to tell you.
After that blunt reply...
Misaki: Ready furr liftoff...
She starts flying toward the sports grounds without a moment's hesitation.
Asuka looks anxious.
Asuka: Um, what's Misaki-chan doing?
Masaya: Going home. Said she didn't feel like playing today.
Asuka: I see... That's too bad.
Rika: Asuka-san...
Asuka: Y-Yes!
Asuka stiffens up at the sudden mention of her name before turning around to see who's calling out to her.
Rika: I understand that you're worried about Tobisawa-san, but, um, your match with Satouin-senpai just ended, so I was hoping you could spare some concern for her as well.
Asuka: Oh... Yes, I-I'm sorry.
Rika: It's okay, she just seems to be taking it hard.
Makes sense that Satouin-san was wounded by the match that just happened, too.
It would be insensitive to actually say this to Asuka, but I think it would bother most people to see her mind completely elsewhere at this point.
Especially if you happen to be someone who looks up to Satouin-san as much as Ichinose does.
Satouin: Stop that at once.
A sharp, commanding voice rings out as the bus door opens with an earsplitting creak.
Satouin: Begging for her to hold an interest in our affairs would be uncouth and, as such, is completely unnecessary.
Rika: Th-That wasn't my intention... I was just... worried.
Asuka: Aww... I'm sorry. I'm so inconsiderate.
Masaya: Come on, there's no need to beat yourself up about it.
Satouin: Quite right. You should be proud that you were such a strong opponent.
Asuka: But I'm not strong at all...
Satouin: Am I not allowed to say that someone who can hold me to a draw is strong?
Mashiro: Yeah, exactly! Satouin-san's <i>super</i> strong.
Madoka: You wouldn't have a chance in hell of beating her, Mashirocchi.
Asuka: Ah...!
Masaya: Asuka?
Asuka: I'm not strong.
Rika: Asuka-san?
Satouin: Are you implying I'm not strong, then?
Asuka: Not just you, Satouin-san. I'm not... None of us are strong.
Rika: What do you mean by that?
Satouin: You mean that Saki Inui is the only strong one, don't you?
Asuka: ...Yes, that's what I was trying to say.
Satouin: Hehehehe... OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO! Most amusing.
Satouin-san kicks the ground and turns around, facing away from Asuka.
Satouin: Ichinose-san, it's time for us to leave.
Rika: O-Okay.
Satouin: Asuka Kurashina. I believe you see things from a higher viewpoint than even I do.
Asuka: Huh? Um, what exactly do you mean?
Satouin: It was foolish to even think about crossing you. I cannot even bring myself to be jealous.
Asuka: F-Foolish?
Satouin: Hehehe... Well then, everyone. May we meet at the training camp. Grant thy azure blessings to mine wings!
Rika: Ah...
Seeing Satouin-san coolly take flight makes Ichinose quickly bow to us.
Rika: I'm... sorry for all the trouble. I was especially rude to you, Asuka-san.
Asuka: Oh no, I'm the one who's--
Rika: I look forward to meeting again... Fly!
She activates her Grav Shoes and chases after Satouin-san.
Momentary silence descends on us as we watch them leave.
Masaya: Feels like the calm after a storm.
Mashiro: That's the perfect way of describing her.
Masaya: So, how do you feel, Asuka?
Asuka: Getting to have a match and try out all the new things I've been thinking of was a lot of fun, but...
Masaya: Right...
There's this indescribable feeling in my chest.
If I had to put it into words, I'd say I feel both close to Asuka, yet also extremely far away from her.
What must Misaki be thinking right now?
That question has been stuck in a corner of my mind ever since she left.
Misaki said she was going to quit FC two days ago.
Was she being serious? Does she really mean to end things here?
Madoka: Hinata-kun! Hinata-kun!
Masaya: Hm?
Madoka: Boo, boo, boo!
Masaya: The hell are you so close to me for?
Madoka: Boooooo!
Masaya: Out with it!
Madoka: Boo! Do you realize how long you've been ignoring me?
Masaya: I wasn't ignoring you, I just didn't realize you were there. You should've spoken up.
Madoka: Boooooo! I had the same idea. That's why I started yelling in your ear.
Masaya: Fine, whatever, I'm sorry. Just back off already.
Madoka shakes her head and breathes a sigh of disbelief.
Madoka: You've been really lazy lately, you know?
Masaya: Not true.
Aoi: ...Yes, it is, actually.
Masaya: Huh? Ms. Kagami, when'd you get here?
Madoka: Haaah... You didn't even realize Ms. Kagami arrived? Pull yourself together already! At least Asuka-chan and Mashirocchi are taking things seriously.
Masaya: Hey, I'm taking things seriously too.
Madoka: Are you? You've been spacing out a lot lately.
Masaya: No I haven't.
Madoka: The training camp with Takafuji starts tomorrow. You gonna be okay? Keep spacing out like this and it'll be a total bloodbath.
Masaya: We're playing FC, not going to fight in World War II.
Aoi: Masaya, I need to speak to you in the clubroom.
Madoka hops up into the air before I can reply.
Madoka: Wow, sucks to be you! You're in trouble, you're in trouble!
Masaya: Why are you so happy about that?!
Madoka: I mean, who wouldn't get hyped? You never get told off for anything.
Masaya: There's something wrong with you.
Aoi: Just come to the correction room already.
Masaya: When did our clubroom get remodeled?
Madoka: Go on, get going! It's time to start regretting the way you've been living your life!
Masaya: If I've done something wrong, it <i>definitely</i> hasn't been on purpose...
Though I do have a lot of regrets...
Aoi: If you don't get a move on, the correction room will level up into a torture chamber.
Madoka: Hooray!
Masaya: Seriously, why does my suffering excite you?! Okay, okay, I'm coming already.
Aoi: I watched Kurashina's match.
Masaya: What, when?
Aoi: I was hiding, up above.
Masaya: You could've just shown yourself. You <i>are</i> our advisor.
Aoi: I didn't want to interrupt your lover's quarrel with Tobisawa.
Masaya: That wasn't a lover's quarrel!
Aoi: Really now? So, what did she say after the match?
Masaya: That she was quitting FC.
Aoi: She said that after watching the match?
Masaya: Yeah.
Aoi: Which means she figured out the meaning of it as well.
Masaya: Yep.
Aoi: So, is Tobisawa really planning on quitting?
Masaya: I don't know.
Aoi: Heh...
Masaya: What's so funny?
Aoi: Oh, nothing... Were you the one who taught that to Kurashina?
She's probably talking about the style that's similar to Inui's.
Masaya: No, I didn't teach Asuka anything. Hell, I don't even understand that style well enough to teach it to anyone.
Aoi: Which means Kurashina figured it out by herself.
Masaya: Exactly.
Aoi: ......
There's a strained silence.
Masaya: Is there a problem?
Aoi: I thought you and Kurashina would be closer by now.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Aoi: I thought you might even be able to do something great together, but... you've been rather cold to her lately.
Masaya: That's not true. Everything's the same as always.
Aoi: Weren't you signaling that you were ready to give up?
Masaya: I'm not giving up on anything. Look, what's your point here? I'm pretty sure you're barking up the wrong tree.
Aoi: Well, what you think is up to you, kid.
Masaya: You sound pretty mad right now...
Aoi: How you interpret my words is up to you as well.
Masaya: ......
Aoi: Right then, let's move to the main topic. How do you feel now that you've spent all this time as a coach?
Masaya: This some kinda guidance session?
Aoi: That... depends on your answer.
Masaya: I don't even know why I'm coaching.
Misaki asked me the exact same question during the summer tournament. My answer back then was the same, too. I don't know.
The frustration I felt back then...
And the way both Misaki and I feel now, they're all connected.
I never should've started to think about this. I could've just averted my eyes and continued on coaching.
Masaya: ......
I gulp, suddenly feeling thirsty.
If I had continued coaching, I may've ended up making a comeback as a player.
But I can't even consider that now. Misaki's frustration has dragged me down with it.
Aoi: You don't know why you're coaching, huh?
Masaya: No.
One side of Aoi-san's mouth rises into a momentary smirk before she gets serious again.
Aoi: As things stand, you're lowering the club's morale.
Masaya: Huh?
Aoi: Players look up to their coach. If he's unmotivated, they're not going to be motivated either.
Masaya: I guess so...
Aoi: A coach needs to be calm at all times. That way, they can guide their players no matter what happens.
Masaya: ......
I think she's right, but at the same time, I'm only human. Maybe a robot could do that perfectly, but not me.
Aoi: There are coaches who prefer to laugh and cry alongside their players, but that's no excuse for the stress you're putting on your manager.
Masaya: You mean Madoka?
Aoi: While you've been distracted, she's been left to try and keep up morale all on her own.
Masaya: ......
She has a point.
So then, maybe I'm just not cut out for this.
I mean, I didn't even realize that until she pointed it out, so what right do I have to keep this up?
Aoi: Why is it that you coach? Is it because you like seeing the players you've taught having fun up in the air?
Masaya: ......
Aoi: Does seeing them inherit something from you move you on an emotional level? That's how it was for me, at least.
Masaya: ......
Aoi: Maybe this sounds ridiculous, coming from me. My student did end up running away.
Masaya: Not at all. I quit out of frustration. There was nothing wrong with your teaching.
Aoi: Heh...
Aoi-san chuckles lightly.
Aoi: Do you want to continue coaching?
Masaya: I do. I don't give up on things halfway.
Aoi: No.
Masaya: Huh? No? What's that supposed to mean?
Aoi: Which player do you actually want to teach, Masaya?
Masaya: Misaki.
Her name glides out of my mouth. I don't even need to think about it.
Aoi: The player that claims to want to quit FC?
Masaya: That obviously isn't how she really feels.
Aoi: How can you know that?
Masaya: Because...
Bang, bang, bang.
There's a pounding inside my head.
A massive door stands at the source.
Broad, heavy, and seemingly impenetrable.
Aoi: ......
Aoi-san waits silently for my answer.
Masaya: Because...
The pounding grows louder. Eventually, the door begins to tremble.
Masaya: Because... Because I...
I'm just standing still at the moment, but I'm trembling all over.
I don't know what I'm about to say, and that terrifies me.
Open! Just open already! I've had enough! Just fucking open!
My mind creaks and groans.
And then... the door opens.
That dull, metallic pounding finally gives way...
And wind suddenly rushes up from the tips of my toes to the top of my head.
Masaya: I told the same lie once. The exact same one as Misaki. That's how I know.
Aoi: ...I see. So you were lying, Masaya.
Masaya: I was.
Aoi: What do you want to do now?
Masaya: I want to convince Misaki to keep playing FC.
Aoi: I know you rate Tobisawa highly, but what if she doesn't end up being that good?
Masaya: Even so... that doesn't matter. Talent, ability, effort, none of it matters. I just want to bring out the best in her.
Aoi: I see...
Masaya: If I don't help Misaki now...
She's already too deeply entrenched in my mind.
Masaya: I don't see a way forward for myself.
Now that I've finally said it, I feel something boiling up inside me.
Why am I getting so worked up about this all on my own? Misaki might have zero interest in what I'm hoping for.
Frankly, it's embarrassing that I'm thinking all this.
But even so, I have to face the facts.
I take a deep breath.
Masaya: I... don't have a way forward.
Aoi-san mulls over my words.
Aoi: You're relieved of your position as coach.
She says that flatly and plainly.
Masaya: ...Huh?
Aoi: You're relieved of your post.
Masaya: Why? I said I'd do it.
Aoi: A coach that's fixated on one specific player will only lower morale.
Aoi: Let me put it this way. If you'd told me you wanted to coach all of them, you could have continued. But right now, you're clearly focused on Tobisawa, which isn't fair to the rest of them.
Masaya: I guess not...
Aoi: I've always wanted to try coaching Kurashina. Arisaka could be a rather interesting player with the right guidance, too.
Masaya: ...What are you talking about?
Aoi: I'm telling you to focus on Tobisawa. I'll handle the rest of them.
It takes a moment for me to process what she's just said.
Masaya: Ah...!
Right, this is it!
Masaya: Thank you!
Aoi-san gazes out of the window.
Aoi: Just so you know, while you two have been lazing about, Kurashina's gotten so strong that it'll be hard for Tobisawa to catch up.
Masaya: You aren't wrong.
But still...
I take a huge, relieved breath as I think.
Maybe Aoi-san and Shirase-san and all the others think differently. But, as far as I'm concerned...
Misaki is the real deal.
I don't care what they think. I'm going to prove it.
Misaki is the real deal!
Aoi: Good luck, Masaya.
I hold my breath for a moment, then give her a nod in return.
Aoi-san and I leave the clubroom and head toward the coast.
Madoka grins as she comes over to us.
Madoka: Is the scolding of the ages over?
Aoi: Yeah, all done.
I switch on my headset and call out to Asuka and Mashiro, who are flying up above us.
Masaya: Could you two come down here?
Asuka: Okay.
Mashiro: Understood.
They turn off their Grav Shoes as they reach the ground, then jog the rest of the way over to us.
Asuka: Is something wrong?
Mashiro: Oh, Ms. Kagami's here too. Did you get scolded?
Masaya: Why's that the first thing that comes to mind?
Aoi: Because your recent idleness has been <i>readily</i> apparent.
Mashiro: Exactly.
Masaya: ...Was I <i>really</i> that spaced out?
Mashiro: You were.
Asuka: Um... Maybe, I'm not so sure.
Aoi: As I'm sure you've all noticed, Masaya is currently unfit to be your coach. That's why I've dismissed him.
Asuka: Huh...? Um, but, you mean...?
Aoi: He's no longer your coach, effective immediately.
Asuka: Huh...?
Asuka: Huuuuuuuuuuuuh?! What do you mean?!
Masaya: Sorry. I know I've caused a lot of problems for you two, but letting things continue would just make it even worse.
Asuka: No, you haven't been a problem at all!
Aoi: Don't worry, I'm made of stronger stuff than Masaya. It's just too much for him to coach all of you right now.
Mashiro: ...Hm? Did you say all of us?
Aoi: Yes, I did. An entire club is too much work for a beginner. Masaya's finally come to understand that.
Aoi-san does all the explaining for me.
Asuka: Ah...
Asuka tenses up as if she's in pain, casting her eyes down to the ground.
Asuka: ...Is it Misaki-chan?
Masaya: ...Yeah.
Madoka: Haaah...
Madoka lets out an understanding, yet exasperated sigh.
Madoka: I had a feeling that's what it was. Oh well. You have been focusing on her a lot lately, Hinata-kun.
Masaya: I haven't even asked Misaki about this yet, but I know I'd regret it if I abandoned her now.
Misaki is exactly the same as I was once upon a time. Her frustration has become my frustration.
Mashiro: "Misaki's Private Coach" sounds like the title of some porn.
Masaya: Get your mind out of the gutter.
Aoi-san shrugs her shoulders.
Aoi: You'll have your hands full dealing with that girl. Her head's up in the clouds half the time.
Masaya: I really am sorry guys, but... this is something I have to do.
Madoka: Oh well, it's your decision.
Asuka: ......
Asuka continues to stare at the ground.
Asuka: I understand. I want to face Misaki-chan at full strength. Good luck...
With that, she finally looks up.
Mashiro: The thought of Misaki-senpai giving up now gives me this uncomfortable feeling in my stomach. You better bring her back stronger than ever.
Masaya: Thanks.
Aoi: Be warned, I'm far stricter than Masaya. You better be ready for this.
Asuka/Mashiro: Yes, Ms. Kagami.
Asuka: Yes, Ms. Kagami.
Mashiro: Yes, Ms. Kagami.
I end up alone with Asuka on our way home.
After a long period of silence where we're trying to figure out how the other person is feeling, Asuka gathers her resolve, comes to a halt, and looks at me.
Asuka: You said you'd regret it if you abandoned Misaki-chan, right?
Masaya: Yeah, I would.
Asuka: But you won't regret abandoning me and Mashiro-chan?
Masaya: I think I will.
Asuka: ...Then there must be a reason you chose Misaki-chan anyway.
Masaya: You and Mashiro can get stronger without me. But Misaki...
Wait, isn't it a bit arrogant to say that she won't be able to get stronger without me?
Asuka: Is Misaki-chan one of those people you just can't leave alone?
Masaya: She's self-centered, selfish, and stubborn... so it <i>does</i> feel like that at times, I think. But that's not my reason...
Asuka: ......
Masaya: I can't really explain it, but Misaki is me.
Asuka: Misaki-chan is you, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Like we're the same... Um, we have the same negative emotions. We feel the same pain from our own dark sides, but we avert our eyes and, um...
Asuka: ......
Masaya: I get the feeling this isn't gonna go as well as I'm hoping.
Asuka: Hehe!
Masaya: Asuka?
Asuka flashes a small smile.
Asuka: Misaki-chan's jealous.
Masaya: That's not exactly right. It's more that she has this gloomy side to her that stems from being unable to pick herself back up?
Asuka: You're right, that was rude of me. I want to have a match with Misaki-chan. I want to see her back at full strength.
Masaya: I'll try and get her there.
Asuka: Don't try!
Asuka stamps her feet as she leans in toward me.
Masaya: Huh?
She's so close that it feels like she's about to kiss me.
Asuka: You're abandoning me and Mashiro-chan to chase after Misaki-chan, right?
Masaya: I'm not abandoning you. I just know my limits now.
Asuka: That's the same thing.
Asuka instantly rebuffs my words.
Asuka: Promise me that you'll make it happen... If you don't, I'll never get paid back for this.
Masaya: ......
What's Asuka getting paid back for?
I don't really get it.
Asuka: Mrrr!
But her emotions are running so hot that it feels like I'll burn to crisp if I don't respond.
Masaya: Okay, I promise. I'll get Misaki back to full strength for you.
Asuka: Great!
Asuka bounces up and down on her tiptoes so she can do a full body nod, then spins around.
Masaya: Ah...
Her long hair tickles at the tip of her nose.
Then, she runs off.
Asuka: I'm going on ahead! Good luck!
She says that to me without turning back.
A very fitting way for Asuka to show that she's made up her mind.
Good luck, huh?
I turn away from Asuka to look up at the sky.
Man, I'm gonna need more than luck to persuade Misaki.
Misaki: Mmm... Mumble, mumble, mumble...
Misaki has her cheek pressed against her desk. She's squirming slightly like a cat taking a nap.
Masaya: Good morning.
Misaki: Mmm, mornin'.
She sluggishly waves a hand at me while remaining prostrate on her desk.
Masaya: Not surprised to see you suffering again.
Misaki: Ngh, I <i>am</i> suffering. Not only do I have to come back to class, but I'm starving. I'm sleepy. I should've just ignored the calendar.
Masaya: Apparently you're free to take the day off today if you have something else planned.
Misaki: Oh, now that you mention it, Mashiro is out training with Takafu--
Misaki suddenly pops up and looks at me.
Misaki: Ah...
Her eyes widen as she gives me a once-over.
Masaya: Mornin'?
Misaki: Oh, right. No way Masaya can be here right now. I'm hallucinating 'cause of the pangs of hunger. Makes sense, yep.
Misaki reclines back on her desk.
Masaya: That makes no sense. I'm no hallucination.
Misaki: That's <i>exactly</i> what a hallucination would say.
Masaya: How often do you hallucinate hallucinations denying that they're hallucinations? We need to get you to a hospital.
She takes another good, hard look at me, before gazing over at Asuka and Madoka's seats.
The two of them are also at training with Takafuji, so naturally, their seats are empty.
Misaki: Are you just heading over later? Wait, don't tell me you came to drag me over there?!
Masaya: Don't try and run away! Don't get off your seat! Don't raise your heels! Don't check the window! Don't search for other escape routes! Don't try and read into my actions!
Misaki: Couldn't you have just stuck to "don't run away"?!
Masaya: It's not my fault you arch up like a cat in flight or fight mode whenever you see me these days.
Misaki: Hissssss!
Masaya: Don't hiss at me either. Anyway, there's no need to run. I'm not trying to take you to Takafuji.
Misaki: ...So then, what are you doing here? Don't you need to be with them?
Masaya: I'm in the same boat as you right now.
Misaki tilts her head, puzzled.
Misaki: What do you mean?
Masaya: I quit the club.
Misaki: Hehuwuh?!
I've never heard anyone react like that in my life.
Misaki: Wh-Wh-What do you mean you quit?!
Masaya: Literally what I said.
Misaki: H-H-H-Have you lost your mind?! What about Asuka?! Who's gonna teach her FC?! Who, I ask, who?!
Masaya: What is this, a cross-examination? Aoi-san is. She's a way better coach than me.
Misaki: That's beside the point! Asuka wanted you to be her coach!
Masaya: Maybe in the past.
Misaki: In the past...?
I think the way Asuka felt about me was similar to how baby ducks take the first thing they see to be their mother.
Misaki: Asuka still wants you to be her coach.
Masaya: Maybe. But she doesn't need me to play well. Her match with Satouin-san proved that.
Asuka has the ability to think for herself during matches. Taking me away from her during that last match helped her master that skill.
Masaya: Besides, Asuka and Mashiro have already agreed.
Misaki: They have, huh? Well, why'd you quit being their coach? I doubt it was because Asuka's just <i>so</i> amazing... Was it 'cause of me?
Masaya: No...
I swallow the urge to say that the only person I want to coach is Misaki.
Mashiro once mentioned how stubborn Misaki is, and I agree with her. If I push too hard in an attempt to convince her, it'll backfire.
I already decided to get her to motivate herself, anyway.
There's nothing a coach can do if a player doesn't want to play.
Masaya: That's enough FC talk for today. Why don't we talk about normal things, like we used to?
Misaki: What normal things?
Masaya: Anything.
Misaki: Like how we think Lays's new potato chips will influence their stock prices?
Masaya: You're <i>obsessed!</i> I don't know anything about that crap.
Misaki: Oh, <i>come on</i>, every potato chip fan knows about it. It's do or die! If their stock prices tank, their new product line is doomed!
Masaya: If you really wanna talk about it, then we can. Just don't go running away from me. We haven't had a chance to have a normal conversation in far too long.
Misaki looks up at me vigilantly, as if not entirely convinced.
Misaki: ...Guess not.
Masaya: I'm not trying to trick you here.
Misaki: Hm... Fwaaaaaaaaaaaah... Nah, that's enough.
Misaki gives an exaggerated yawn and starts to mumble again.
Misaki: Can we save the talk for later?
Masaya: Sure. Sleep well now. Hope your roaring lion of a stomach doesn't keep you up.
Misaki: My tummy doesn't roar! It's far too cute for that! It purrs like a little kitty!
Masaya: Did you swallow one whole?
Misaki: As if! Ugh, all the yelling's made me dizzy. I'm so hungry I really could eat a cat.
Masaya: Go to sleep.
Misaki: I will. Good night.
Kinda weird that she's saying good night when it's homeroom.
Misaki: Zzzzzz... Zzzzzz...
Misaki shuts her eyes and faintly snores.
Misaki gets up and opens the window wide. Her dark hair sways as a sea breeze blows on through.
Misaki: Evening already, huh?
The sun has begun to set. Guess we didn't notice, since we were chatting.
We didn't discuss anything important. Hell, I doubt I'll remember any of it in five minutes. It makes me worried that something heavier is playing on Misaki's mind.
Our classmates have all either trotted home or gone off to their clubs, leaving the classroom empty save for the two of us.
We can hear metal bats clunking against balls off from the sports grounds.
Masaya: The baseball club's working hard.
Misaki: Yeah. The sound of those bats hitting the balls makes me feel kinda lonely. Maybe 'cause we're further away than normal?
Masaya: I get what you mean.
She talks with an exaggerated tone.
Misaki: Makes me feel like we've been left behind by the world.
Masaya: That's a bit much, don't you think?
Misaki: Not at all. The world is here, it's there, it's everywhere.
Masaya: So you're saying we're being left behind by here, there, and everywhere?
Misaki: Well, yeah... Hehehe, now we're in a world of our own.
Masaya: Wow, talk about depressing.
Misaki: Try and be optimistic, 'kay? It's a world for just the two of us. Our very own planet. What do you wanna do? Make some babies to populate the place?
Masaya: Jumping straight to the extremes, are we?
Misaki: There's not much else for us to do if we're alone, is there?
Masaya: I'll think it over, just in case we do survive an apocalypse together.
Misaki takes a deep breath as she stares out the window.
Misaki: What're you gonna do over summer break?
Masaya: Not sure...
Misaki: We're not going to practice, so we've got all the time in the world. How about it, wanna start dating?
She says, teasing me incessantly.
I drop my shoulders.
Masaya: Dating because we're bored?
Misaki: Don't say that. Makes it sounds like we're only going out 'cause we've got nothing better to do.
Masaya: Would I be wrong?
Misaki: Not really, but it's kinda lame when you put it like that. Actually, forget how you phrase it, I can see myself holding a grudge over that furrever.
Masaya: Guess I'm just gonna take things one step at a time...
Misaki: One step at a time, huh? How mature.
Masaya: You think? Don't you have stuff to be doing anyway, Misaki? Like going to the arcade? Mashiro told me you were trying to become the best dancer in Japan.
Misaki: Nah, I already took the number one spot.
Masaya: ...You serious? Why aren't you more hyped, then?
Misaki: Meh, apparently other games are more popular nowadays. Barely anyone plays the one in our arcade.
Masaya: It's still amazing that you're the best player in the country though!
Misaki: It's no big deal, I only topped the monthly leaderboard. Besides, that game just relies on reflexes, so you don't use your head at all.
This girl's reflexes really are incredible. They're the strongest weapon in her arsenal.
But, as Shirase-san and Aoi-san have hinted at, if that's all she ever relies on, she probably doesn't have much room to grow.
Which reminds me...
Why'd Misaki start playing FC?
Masaya: I've been wanting to ask you this for a while, but when'd you first become interested in FC?
Misaki: Thought we weren't talking about FC today...
Masaya: This doesn't count. You played before you moved here, right?
Misaki: Yeah, but only until my second year at my old school. Moving here was what made me give up.
Masaya: Your last school was in Nagasaki, right?
Misaki: Yeah.
Nagasaki's known for its FC players, but not to the extent of Shitou.
Masaya: How'd you do?
I bet she was pretty well regarded.
Misaki: I managed to surprise everyone and get second place once, but that's all.
Masaya: Oh, really?
Misaki: Yep. Other times, I lost in the third round or the semifinals mainly.
Masaya: Don't you think that's weird?
Misaki: Not really, why would I?
Masaya: I mean, I find it weirder that you didn't win even once.
A relaxed smile appears on Misaki's face.
Misaki: I'm telling you, I was never that good.
Given her personality, I kinda feel like she never took it that seriously, but her results still seem weird to me.
Shitou has one of the highest levels of FC play in the whole country. Nagasaki is good too, but nowhere near as good as here.
Misaki took two years off after her last attempt, too. She just shouldn't have been as good as she was when she started playing with us.
Masaya: You're not lying to me, are you?
Misaki: I'm not, I swear. I <i>really</i> wasn't that good.
I'm still not convinced.
Sure, she doesn't have the best stamina out there, but is that enough of a reason?
Misaki forms a half-smile.
Misaki: You were a pretty good coach, y'know, Masaya. I could feel myself adapting to your requests. I knew exactly what you wanted from me.
Masaya: You did, huh?
Misaki: This is probably the first time I've said this, but I think we were pretty similar. In that regard, at least.
Masaya: So why did you start playing FC, then? I know this time it was because of me and Asuka, but you don't seem like the type who willingly joined a club at your last school.
She hates anything that restricts her free time, to say nothing of how she feels about all the hierarchy nonsense that most clubs have.
Misaki: Hm, when was it again? I dunno, but it was when I was still living in Nagasaki, anyway. I used to spend summer breaks at my grandma's house 'cause of my parents' jobs... Oh, that's where I'm living now, by the way.
Masaya: Oh, so you came to Shitou before you transferred here?
Misaki: One of those summers, I met a girl about the same age as me who was playing FC. I thought it looked fun, so I asked to join in, and that was the first time I played.
Masaya: Hm, a girl who plays FC here in Shitou...?
Aoi-san set things up so I was mainly playing matches against older players.
So I don't really know all that much about Skywalkers my age.
Misaki: Her form was so beautiful that even a complete beginner like me was shocked. Only thought in my mind was, "I wanna fly just like that," so I decided to join my school's FC club when I got back.
Masaya: She must have been really good, then.
Misaki: Yep. Her long hair fluttered behind her as she kept her slightly bent forward posture... She had the smoothest transitions when changing directions. At the time, I thought she looked like a dolphin swimming in the sky.
So she started FC because she wanted to be like that herself, huh?
Masaya: How'd it go when you actually started?
Misaki: So, like I said, I joined my last school's FC club, but everything felt kiiinda off, y'know? There wasn't a single person who flew the way that girl did, so it lacked the same thrill.
Masaya: Huh, was the way she flew really that exciting?
Misaki: Yep!
Her face lights up as she nods.
Misaki: It was so exciting. That girl was <i>really</i> cool.
Cool? Hm...
Misaki: She gave me a match, but partway through she got like, all irritated. I guess it was 'cause she was an expert and I was a beginner. She flipped out at me, then left.
Masaya: What's up with that?
Misaki: I think she was angry 'cause of how bad I was. It's too bad, her flying was so beautiful that I wanted to stay and watch forever. I wish we'd flown together more.
Masaya: Do you wanna fly like that girl, Misaki?
Misaki: I wanted to, yeah. Now I don't care... It's whatever.
Masaya: Right.
Misaki: I'm still kinda scarred from how angry that girl got at me. If only I'd been better, then we could've had <i>way</i> more fun.
Hm?
Wait...
Something oily, something viscous is seeping into my body.
Anxiety.
I don't know what's causing it, but this anxiety is slowly overwhelming me.
Misaki: Something wrong?
Masaya: Oh, um...
I can't put it into words yet.
A girl who played FC...
She faced Misaki, who was still a novice...
Partway through, she got angry and left.
The thoughts fall like dominoes in my head... until they at last arrive at the finish line.
I catch my breath.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: What, there something on my face?
A girl... with long hair... who played FC...
She faced Misaki... who was still a beginner...
Partway through... she got angry... and left.
Misaki: Hehehe, maybe you've finally realized how cute I am?
Masaya: Was your hair as long as it is now back then, Misaki?
Misaki: Nope. It was purrty short, like a guy's. I was a real tomkitty.
Masaya: You sure it was short?
Misaki: Huh? Y-Yeah, wh-why? You look kinda scary.
Masaya: What about your chest?
Misaki draws back.
Misaki: Wh-What do you mean?
Masaya: How big were they? I'm not asking in a pervy way, I just need to know.
Misaki: Not sure how you can think asking about someone's breasts <i>isn't</i> pervy, but okay... I'll answer this time, but only 'cause it's you. I was a late bloomer. So, did that get a rise out of you?
Masaya: No...
Misaki: You better fix that. I didn't give you an answer for nothing.
Masaya: Did the match take place on the coast of Kunahama?
Misaki: Huh? Y-Yeah, I think so?
Masaya: Tell me for sure!
Misaki: You're <i>really</i> starting to scare me now, y'know?
Masaya: I don't care! I just need you to be sure about this!
Misaki: Okay, okay, hold up. Um...
Misaki shuts her eyes as she thinks hard about it.
Misaki: Yeah, I'm sure it was that coast. I still remember how the girl sulked off home. It was definitely there.
Masaya: Did you score a point in a match?
Misaki: Yeah, but just the one. We were on completely different levels. I had to fight so hard that I remember it as if it was yesterday.
Another old thought resurfaces.
Misaki's form felt familiar when I first set eyes on it.
Masaya: ......
It was similar to the guy's from back then.
Misaki: Seriously, what's with that look? Hurry up and say something already.
I open my mouth, not knowing what to say.
What is it that I need to tell her?
Masaya: You don't have my permission.
The words feel natural.
But I'm still not sure where my subconscious is going with them.
Misaki: Huwuh? Where's this come from?
Masaya: You don't have my permission.
Repeating my words flares up the emotions within me.
Of course I can't give her permission!
Misaki: Did you lose the ability to hold a conversation or something? What do you figure I need your permission for?
Masaya: You don't have my permission to quit FC, obviously. I won't allow it.
Misaki: Wh-What the hell? That's my decision to make, not your's, Masaya. I don't need your permission!
Masaya: I'm making the decision because I know you really will quit if I leave it down to you. And if you quit FC, I...
At this point, my words run dry. The emotions within me feel ready to leap out of my mouth, but I just can't form them into words.
Masaya: I...
Misaki: What's gotten into you, Masaya? You're acting strange.
I feel it, too.
Masaya: I loved how my hair would cling to the membrane, then come unstuck and flutter in the wind.
Misaki: Oh, I know what you mean... The feeling of it coming unstuck is the same one I get when digging into ice cream with little chocolate chips in it.
Masaya: Even when it's stuck to the membrane, it feels great.
Misaki: Yeah... But you have short hair, Masaya.
Masaya: I had long hair back when I played FC.
Misaki: Hm, right, so you--
Misaki: ...Huh?
I can see the tension spread out over her face.
Masaya: Hear me out.
Misaki: ......
Misaki gives me a silent nod.
Masaya: A long time ago, I had an FC match against a boy I'd never met before. It was his first game, and he was absolute trash. But I saw him improve with every single match we played...
Masaya: Eventually, he was able to fly just as well as me, if not even more beautifully. It took me years of being coached by Aoi-san to reach that point.
Misaki: Ah...
Masaya: But it took him no more than a few hours. I understand how it works now. Beginners can grasp a lot of things in a short amount of time.
Take the 100 meter sprint, for example. If you learn the trick to it, you can get a time of twelve or thirteen seconds without much issue.
Or in basketball, once you've gotten the hang of things, it's not hard to pull off basic layups.
Sure, it may take some people longer than others, but it's easy enough that most people can manage it eventually.
Masaya: People with natural talent can grasp a lot of concepts very quickly. But I was too young to realize that.
I'm talking about events that happened years ago, yet my heart is pounding.
Masaya: My vision went blank, I was no longer capable of thinking. I felt hopeless, I felt frustrated. It seemed like he was about to surpass the point it took me years to reach in no more than a few hours.
But that happens in life.
It's not all that strange, when you think about it. Asuka proved that with her sudden improvement during the summer tournament.
Back then, Misaki had just got the hang of FC. That's all there was to it.
But I was unable to appreciate that. The difference in natural talent between us had me shell-shocked.
I came to the conclusion that if someone was capable of flying better than me, I didn't need to fly at all.
Misaki: ...You're saying that match was between you and me?
Masaya: I think so. We're talking about the same summer. A guy with short hair, about the same age as me, came over from the mainland and played FC with me. There's no way that's a coincidence.
Misaki: Then the girl back then was...
She stares long and hard at my face before nervously nodding to herself.
Misaki: R-Right. It could've been you, Masaya. I always thought it was a girl, so I never even considered it before now.
Masaya: And that boy with short hair... was you, Misaki.
Misaki's mouth hangs open in surprise.
Misaki: Hahahahaha!
Not knowing how to proceed, she ends up being driven to laughter.
Masaya: Seeing how good you were frustrated me. You seeing how good Asuka is frustrated you.
Misaki: Frustration's a bit much.
Masaya: You are frustrated, though, right?
Misaki: I mean, I guess.
Masaya: So then, um...
Misaki: What?
Masaya: I...!
I start yelling, unable to control my emotions any longer.
Misaki: Wh-What?
Masaya: I...
There's a mouth inside my mind, teeth too. They chew thoroughly on my thoughts to help me digest them as I put them into words.
Masaya: I demand you repay me for the frustration you caused!
Misaki: Huh? As in, like, with my body or what? Riiight, so that's what your aim was all along. Masaya, you perv.
Masaya: Quit trying to provoke me. First you frustrate me, then you let me see you getting frustrated, which has me feeling worse than ever.
Misaki: That's not my fault...
Masaya: I can't bear to see you like this, so I want you to keep playing FC.
Misaki: Masaya, I told you already... I'm giving up on FC.
Masaya: And I'm telling you, you can't give up while you're still frustrated.
Misaki: Why do you always exaggerate things, Masaya? I'm not frustra--
Masaya: You are! You saw how good Asuka is, and now you feel inferior! You don't want to lose to her, you're afraid of losing to her! That's what's gotten you like this!
Misaki: Like what, exactly?
Masaya: Frustrated and talking about quitting FC. I was in the exact same situation! I felt inferior to you, and that left me unable to fly.
Misaki: You can't just say we're the same.
Masaya: Yes, I can! We're the same! You feel like you can't keep moving forward if you don't deny it, right? I felt the same. I desperately tried to forget how it felt. Hell, I'd even managed to forget!
Misaki: ......
Masaya: But seeing you like this has me thinking I can't move forward!
Misaki: So what? You're telling me to keep playing FC for your sake?
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: Hahahaha, I never thought you'd just admit that. You really think that's enough reason to make me wanna play FC?
Masaya: I don't want to get stuck feeling like this, and I don't want to see you getting stuck either. That's all there is to it.
Misaki: In that case, just make your own comeback. Don't get me involved in your problems.
Masaya: What's the point if you're still left frustrated? You're going to make your comeback. If you don't, I...
Misaki: ......
Masaya: I'll be so frustrated that I may as well die.
Misaki: Ah...! I-I told you, this isn't my problem.
Masaya: I know you feel the same, Misaki.
Misaki: You don't know anything.
Masaya: I do. We're the exact same. We feel so bad about this we could die. That's why we can't face up to reality.
Misaki: Th-This has nothing to do with--
Masaya: Don't lie to me. I'm not letting you say this doesn't affect you. The way you feel inferior is eating away at you, isn't it?
Misaki: Ngh... Ugh... UGHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Masaya: I've said nothing but the truth. Now it's your turn to do the same, Misaki.
Misaki: I dunno, okay! I've never felt this way before! I'm not sure what to do, so--
Masaya: So that's why you feel so bad that you wish you were dead.
Misaki: Yeah, maybe, but so what? I... UGH! It's just impossible!
Masaya: What's impossible?
Misaki: Beating Asuka, obviously! We see the world completely differently. Even I can tell she sees things far earlier than I ever will, but...
Her voice starts to crack as tears well up in her eyes.
This is the face of someone who's failed to suppress their emotions.
Misaki: I can't work out what she sees. I just know that she's looking far further ahead than me.
Misaki: I'll never be good enough to reach her level.
Masaya: You won't know unless you try.
Misaki: I know I can't. You can't change the things I know, Masaya. I just know, okay?
Masaya: ......
Misaki: It's not like I was playing FC 'cause I wanted to be better than Asuka, anyway... I just, um...
Masaya: ......
Misaki: I hated the thought of Asuka leaving me behind, y'know? But that's not it... That's not it at all. My main issue is, um... It hurts, um...
Masaya: Give up, you'll never be able to express it in words. If you could, you'd be able to reason it out and it wouldn't bother you all that much.
Misaki: Ah...
I imagine it's somewhat similar to jealousy.
It probably comprises of everything it means to be "jealous," but it can't be described as easily as that.
Misaki's face is overcome with darkness. It reminds me of what I thought when I saw Satouin-san's smile after the duel, but that instance pales in comparison.
Masaya: It's only natural that you don't understand. Hell, I don't either. Why do we even have these messed up emotions in the first place? Honestly, I don't think there's any point thinking about them.
Misaki: ...Really?
Masaya: We might not be able to understand, but we can get through this together. I'll help get you there, I swear it.
Misaki: Get me where? To where Asuka is?
Masaya: No, you've got it all wrong.
Misaki: Where do you mean, then?
Masaya: To a place where we can move forward without having to avert our eyes from these messy emotions.
Misaki: Is that <i>really</i> possible?
Masaya: I can't move forward unless you do, Misaki. That's why I swear I'll get you there.
There's a moment of silence.
Misaki: ...So, we're ignoring the plan to use the rest of our summer break making babies, huh?
Masaya: We are.
Misaki breathes a short sigh.
Misaki: Feels like it'd be easier to keep averting our eyes.
Masaya: Maybe. But that has its own downsides. The thought of never flying again hurts.
Misaki: Did it hurt you?
Masaya: It did, but I got used to the pain. I even managed to get over it and move on...
Masaya: But you dragged me right back down to where I started, Misaki.
Misaki: Oh, <i>come on</i>, you've only got yourself to blame for that.
Masaya: I'm gonna say it again. I won't let you give up. I will get you there, I swear, so...
Misaki: So?
Masaya: This will probably be the lamest thing I've ever said.
Misaki: Huh?
I finally realize what I couldn't say on the day Satouin-san challenged Asuka to a duel.
But at least I'm not too late.
Masaya: Please save me, Misaki.
Misaki: Ah...!
Masaya: If you don't fly, I'll never move past this point.
Misaki: ...Which means I'll be stuck there too, huh?
Masaya: Sure seems like it.
Misaki: Haaaaaaaaaaaah...
Misaki breathes an exaggeratedly long sigh.
The temperature in the room has lowered over the extended period we've been talking.
It feels like a weight has been lifted off our shoulders.
Misaki's expression has calmed, like the demon possessing her has been vanquished.
Misaki: Fine.
She smiles, then holds a hand out to me.
Misaki: I'll take you away.
Masaya: This is gonna be hard on you.
Misaki: I don't care if it is, I don't care if you hurt me. The thought of us getting stuck like this is <i>way</i> worse. You've convinced me your idea is better.
Misaki: But I want you to promise me something. Don't just get me there, but come with me, Masaya. I can't save you if you don't.
Masaya: I promise.
Misaki: ...Please save me, Masaya.
Masaya: I will.
I take hold of her hand.
The moment we touch, she lets out a warm breath and smiles. Then, at long last...
Misaki: ......
Masaya: ......
Time, frozen since that day at the summer tournament, starts to move once more.
It's at this instant that I realize something important.
I love Misaki.
I don't know when I'll get the chance to tell her, but I know it'll happen at some point.
It would be cowardly to use the momentum from this conversation to spill my guts.
But I will say it... when the time's right.
Several trails cut through the clear, blue sky.
Two of them, to be more precise. And my eyes are focused on the second.
I don't know who it is. Asuka, Prez, Mashiro, or Misaki...
But they're racing through the sky so fast that I can hardly keep up.
I don't know why, but this all feels oddly nostalgic.
Oh, wait... I remember now.
When was it again? I honestly can't remember anything, except that I was gritting my teeth, on my knees, looking straight up.
The wind whizzes past me in this dream.
The audience then erupts in applause.
Looking up, I see the blinding light of the midsummer sun. And looking down, I see that light reflected off the water's surface.
Everything seems so vague and fuzzy to me, but that's not why I know this is a dream.
Even though I know it should be painfully hot outside, my body feels cold. Frighteningly cold.
And that's because of the pain, the anger, the frustration I feel.
I know what happens next. I know that they're going to lose... Each and every one of them are.
And I can't change that. After all, it's all in the past now.
Still, I try...
Masaya: Don't give up! You can still do this!
I promised that I'd help them win.
Though honestly, I don't remember <i>who</i> I made that promise to. Was it all of them, or just one?
As I look to the sky again, I see the two contrails twisting and turning around each other as the match intensifies. This is it.
I take a deep breath, then get back to cheering.
I know there's no point in it, since we're using headsets, but I can't fight this urge.
At this point, I can't tell whether my body is still cold or not.
I give in to my base instincts and begin screaming at the top of my lungs.
Not long after, the match concludes.
I'm forced to stand here and stare at the expressions of defeat and resignation on my players' faces.
Gradually, they grow distant and fade into the background.
Masaya: Ah!
I jerk up in my bed.
Unfortunately, my dream ended too soon.
All I see now is blue in all directions.
A pure color throughout.
And then those old emotions resurface.
I remember the anger and fear I felt. The utter resignation.
I've been traumatized for years by what happened that day.
Sure, things have been looking up lately, but I can never forget that day.
My muscles tense up as fear grips my body.
I begin to break into a cold sweat.
Anything but this...
I'll be forced to watch as everything that's important to me is taken away.
My confidence, my fame, my love for the sport...
And the sky itself.
Stop, please... No more.
I shut my eyes in a desperate attempt to block out this painful episode from my past.
? ? ?: Let's head back to the clubroom, then. It's about time for practice.
Masaya: Huh?!
Masaya: Was that all a dream...?
Guess so...
Now that I'm upright, I notice the sweat sticking to my body. A chill runs down my spine.
I take a deep breath to calm myself down.
Masaya: Haaah...
Masaya: Why am I seeing that dream again...?
Masaya: Hey, I'm back.
I get a better grip on the bag full of snacks and drinks I'm carrying as I enter the clubroom.
Asuka: Welcome back!
Asuka, who's been waiting here with the others, stands up and runs over to me from across the bus.
Asuka: It's hot out there, isn't it? Here, use this towel to wipe off the sweat.
Masaya: Thanks.
It's been a few days since the summer tournament, and we're throwing a party today to celebrate.
Misaki: Y'know, I still can't believe you were the one who suggested this.
Mashiro: Same here. I wouldn't expect someone as uptight as him to like parties.
Masaya: <i>Really?</i>
Asuka: I thought it was a  great idea, personally.
Masaya: Thank you, Asuka.
I guess it <i>was</i> a bit out of character for me.
Our initial goal as a club was to place well at the tournament, but that's all done now.
I'm feeling a bit burned out, and I'm sure the others are too.
If I still had my motivation from before the tournament, I probably would've come up with a new goal for everyone, pepped them up, and gotten right to practice again.
Any good coach should be able to keep spirits high even after an underwhelming performance.
I don't know what's wrong with me today...
Misaki: Maybe there's some catch.
Misaki has a very subtle smirk on her face, like she's seen right through my master plan or something.
Mashiro: Oh, the classic bait? Lures us in with something enticing, then when he has us right where he wants us, he carries out his sinister plan. That's <i>definitely</i> something I could see him doing.
Ugh, seriously? I'm sick and tired of these guys shitting on me.
Masaya: There's no catch or anything... I just got the idea 'cause of this dream I had last night.
Weird. I feel like I usually wouldn't ever reveal something so personal to them.
Mashiro: Oh? Did some evil spirit say they'd place a curse on you if you didn't throw a party or what?
Masaya: Hm, not really... It was more solemn, almost like a funeral?
Mashiro: Why are you looking at <i>me?!</i> Stop that! You're scaring me! Please tell me you didn't have some ominous dream involving me!
Misaki: ......
I avert my eyes, realizing what I just said. I don't want to scare Mashiro.
Asuka: I made a ton of these!
Madoka: Ohhh, cool!
Asuka made some garlands from some strung together origami paper rings.
Yep. They definitely help set the party atmosphere.
She probably worked real hard to make these while I was gone.
Madoka: Alright, guess I'll go get Shion to put them up.
Mashiro: Wait. Hold off on that. We don't need that done right away.
Madoka: Why's that?
Shion: Hey there, Madoka. Oh, and Hinata's back too.
Prez shows up <i>right</i> on cue.
Madoka: Where the hell have you been, Shion? We've all been hard at work here, and you've been doing what? Walking around aimlessly?
Shion: Oh, <i>come on,</i> you should know <i>exactly</i> what I've been doing. You were the one who texted me and gave me the impossible task of roping Ms. Kagami into this.
Madoka: Oh, right! Nice work out there!
Shion: She said to tell her when we're all read-- Whoa!
Asuka: Let's go, Madoka-chan!
Madoka: Yeah!
They bolt out of the bus right after hearing that.
Probably to go get Aoi-san.
Shion: Man, those girls...
Masaya: They didn't even let you finish.
Shion: If you had a sister, you'd understand, Hinata. They <i>never</i> listen to you.
He has a grin on his face, though, so I guess he does love her despite everything.
Mashiro: Well, why don't we go ahead and put the snacks on the table so we can get this party started when they get back?
Misaki: Yes!
Masaya: Nah, we better save the snacks for last.
Misaki: Masayaaa.
Mashiro: Here, Misaki-senpai. I brought some extra snacks just for you.
Shion: Guess we better start by clearing the... Hm? What are these garlands for?
Mashiro: Um, just leave those there for now.
Shion: Uh, okay...
Our preparations continue.
Masaya: Give us a toast, Prez.
Madoka: But make sure to keep it short.
Shion: I know. Ahem...
Shion: To tell you guys the truth, I still can't believe how far we've come.
Madoka: Oh boy, here comes the hour long speech.
Masaya: Leave him be.
Shion: Just a few months back, I was the only member of this club. It never bothered me much, since I love FC, but I always kinda wished-- Hm?
Misaki: ......
Shion: T-Tobisawa...
Shion: Sorry, just wait a little longer. I need to say this.
Misaki: ......
Shion: ...Ugh! But now I have friends in this club with me, which honestly feels like a miracle! I want to take this opportunity to thank each and every one of you! Starting with--
Misaki: ......
Shion: Cheers!
Misaki: Woohoo!
Masaya: (Poor guy...)
His heartfelt moment was just robbed from him.
Oh well, it's not like he had much choice. Anyone would cave after being glared at by Misaki like that.
Aoi: God, what is even going on over here...
Aoi-san just shakes her head.
Asuka: Thank you so much for being our advisor, Ms. Kagami! Here, let me refill your drink!
Aoi: When it's empty.
Masaya: Sorry for dragging you into this.
Aoi: Oh, it's fine. I appreciate you guys inviting me, really.
Madoka: 596, 274, 513, 427, 117, 408.
Shion: ......
Madoka: 521, 487, 211, 629, 774 and 391. What's the sum of these numbers?!
Shion: Five thousand... three hundred and forty-eight.
Aoi: Oh.
Madoka: What does the calculator say, Asuka-chan? Did he get it right?
Asuka: Um... 3,965.
Shion: What?!
Madoka: Too bad! You won't win the title of human calculator today, Shion!
Shion: Man, how'd I mess that up... Guess I don't have enough muscles in my brain...
Aoi: Actually, the calculator is wrong.
Asuka: What? Really?
Aoi: Yep. Must've had an input error.
Asuka: O-Oh gosh. Madoka-chan, could you repeat those numbers again?
Madoka: It was just a random generated string of numbers. I don't even remember anymore.
Misaki: I feel like you <i>should</i> remember...
After an hour or two of festivities, the party comes to an end.
Aoi: Probably time to wrap this up.
Madoka: <i>Already?</i>
Misaki: Fine by me. We've partied enough anyway.
Mashiro: Well, you maybe. You've already gobbled up all the snacks we had...
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai, it's time.
Asuka: You're right. I almost forgot.
Misaki: Oh, same.
Masaya: Hm?
The three girls have moved to a corner of the bus to discuss something.
After a few minutes, they come back.
Asuka: Okay, everyone! Line up!
Madoka: Why? What're we doing?
Asuka: Just do it!
We give into their demands and line up despite the puzzled looks on our faces. First Madoka, then Prez, then Aoi-san, and finally me.
Asuka: First up, Madoka-chan... Ta-dah!
Asuka pulls out the garlands from behind her back. The ones she made that we all forgot about.
They're a bit shorter than the ones people hang up across walls.
Also, the ends are connected together, so they look kind of like the leis you see Hawaiian people wear.
Oh, I see. This explains why they told us to leave them be.
Asuka: Thank you so much for being such a wonderful manager, Madoka-chan! Your smile always cheers us up during practice!
Madoka: Hey, stop that! You're making me blush!
Mashiro: Well, you <i>can</i> be a little too energetic at times...
Misaki: Yeah, I didn't really know you were like that before we joined the FC club.
Madoka: Wow, you guys <i>totally</i> killed this emotional moment.
Mashiro: I <i>do</i> like that part of you, though. You're an invaluable part of our team.
Misaki: Thanks, Madoka.
Madoka: Come on, guys. Are you trying to make me cry, or what? Make up your minds!
Misaki: That's not what we <i>planned</i> on doing!
All three of them then take the lei, ready to put it around her neck.
Madoka: Hold up! If you do that, I won't be able to stop the waterworks!
Mashiro: Well, yeah, but that doesn't mean you <i>refuse</i> to take it!
Asuka: I have a handkerchief if you need one!
Madoka: I'm trying <i>not</i> to cry!
After that little exchange, she gives in and takes the lei with a thank you.
Madoka: Thank you so, so much, guys. You're the best players I've ever taken care of!
No, they're the <i>only</i> players you've ever taken care of.
Asuka: Next up is our club president!
Shion: How come I'm not handing out the leis with you guys?
Asuka: Well, we need to thank you. After all, you're the whole reason the club exists.
Mashiro: If you'd given up at any point along the way, this club would've been gone long before we ever came along.
Misaki: Thanks for sticking in there, Prez!
Shion: Wh-Why are you thanking <i>me?!</i> You girls did all the work! This should be the other way around... Man, this dirt in my eyes is killing me!
Shion: Kgh... Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
After that hackneyed excuse, he bursts into tears.
The girls are bewildered for a brief moment, but ultimately decide to just put the lei in his hands.
Asuka: You're up next, Ms. Kagami!
Aoi: Thanks for doing all this. I appreciate it.
Asuka: Ahhh!
Aoi-san swiftly steals the lei out of Asuka's hands.
Aoi: Spare me all the sentimental words, if you don't mind. Oh, but I will take the lei.
The three of them bow as their way of showing gratitude.
I guess it's my turn now, huh?
Asuka: And last, but certainly not least, Masaya-san!
Masaya: Same with Ms. Kagami, spare me the--
I'm not good with all this mushy stuff, so I try to take the easy way out, but the girls don't let me.
Asuka: No, we have to! There are tons of things we need to say to you!
They predicted my response, huh?
Asuka: Masaya-san!
Masaya: Y-Yeah.
The sudden energy in her voice makes me flinch for a second.
Asuka: We really, reaaaaaally can't thank you enough for all you've done! You're the best coach ever!
Misaki: Yep, stole the words right out of my mouth!
Masaya: ...Thanks.
I feel a slight sting in my chest.
Asuka: I hope you'll keep up the good work so we'll get better and better!
But it quickly subsides.
Masaya: Wait, why're you holding out your hand?
Asuka: I want to shake your hand as a way of saying thank you!
Not even a second later, she's vigorously shaking my hand up and down.
Masaya: Owww...
She's so forceful that I almost think she's about to dislocate my shoulder.
But her beaming smile makes me forget all that.
Then, for no particular reason, I turn toward the other two girls.
Mashiro: Um...
Mashiro looks at my hand, then her own, and after a brief moment of deliberation, she wipes her hand on her uniform.
Misaki: Yeah, I don't think I'm gonna do that.
Mashiro: M-Me neither!
Masaya: That's fine.
I totally saw how Mashiro was slowly stretching her hand out toward me, then quickly pulled it back once Misaki spoke, but I won't mention that.
Asuka and Misaki have both thanked me, which only leaves one. I don't mean to pressure her, but my gaze is naturally drawn to her.
Mashiro: ......
She just kind of stands there for a moment, but after a few seconds pass, she winks.
Not in a seductive way though. It's more of a "do the you-know-what" kind of wink.
Does she want me to go along with something?
Mashiro: Well, I guess I should at least say something.
Masaya: Go right ahead.
Mashiro: Thank you for coaching me, Masaya-senpai.
She bows so deeply that her pigtails swing.
Masaya: ...Oh, wait. You already thanked me the day after the tournament when we were alone.
Mashiro: Senpaiiiiii?!
Masaya: Hey!
She scurries up to me and makes a motion like she's about to grab me by the collar.
Mashiro: The whole <i>reason</i> I winked at you was so you'd keep quiet about that! How did you not understand?!
Masaya: O-Oh, so that's what the wink was about. My bad.
She's fuming.
Mashiro: I <i>knew</i> that would cause misunderstandings, and I even bothered to warn you in advance! How could you just...
Asuka: You were alone somewhere...?
Madoka: And you were winking at him?
Mashiro: LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE NOW!
Masaya: ...I'm sorry.
Honestly, Mashiro's the one fanning the flames at this point. But I don't really care, so I just nod along and stay silent.
Mashiro: Nothing happened between us! Nothing at all!
Madoka: Frantically denying it just makes it seem more--
Mashiro: I don't need your cheekiness right now!
Madoka: You could at least let me finish...
Misaki: Guess you've finally found that special someone, Mashiro. Man, I'm real glad for you. Really.
Mashiro: No, no, it's not like that! And besides, <i>you're</i> my special someone, Misaki-senpai.
Mashiro: Ugh!
Masaya: I know, this is all my fault.
I get ready to try and smooth things over after being urged... or rather, <i>threatened</i> by Mashiro's menacing stare, when--
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Masaya: Asuka?!
Madoka: "What's this?! Asuka looks over like an abandoned puppy as if she wants to join Hinata-kun's party!"
Asuka: No, you're wrong!
Madoka: Maybe it's just me, then.
Mashiro: Hurry up and do something, Senpai! Misaki-senpai thinks there's something going on between us!
Masaya: Only if you take care of Asuka!
Asuka: What did I do wrong?
Aoi: Try not to drag this out too long. You can't stay at school for much longer.
Shion: I'm still trying to understand what's going on. Relationship problems?
Mashiro: No, we're not--! Actually, you know what? I don't even care anymore.
She slumps her shoulders dejectedly.
Mashiro: I'm just going to follow Misaki-senpai, so gossip all you want.
Misaki: Nah, you <i>really</i> don't have to follow me.
Mashiro: Maybe not, but I will! Well, we got a bit off-track, but I was going to say something to you, Masaya-senpai.
After that slightly peeved reply to Misaki, she goes on.
Mashiro: I hope you'll keep coaching me from here on out.
Masaya: Of course.
Misaki: What she said.
Masaya: That's all you're gonna say?
I didn't expect much more from her, but still...
Asuka: Okay, now lower your head so we can put the lei on.
Asuka: This is a token of gratitude from us to you. So, thank you. You were a wonderful coach.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai, you just made it sound like he's quitting.
Asuka: Oh, right. I guess what I should say is...
Asuka: Thank you, and we hope you'll continue to teach us all sorts of new things!
Mashiro: Yeah, thanks for always being such a great coach.
Misaki: Thanks a ton!
Asuka: Misaki-chan!
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai!
Masaya: Haha.
They put the lei around my neck.
Mashiro: ......
I can't see who started it with my head down, but I hear a round of applause.
This is really embarrassing. I just want to crawl into a hole and die.
To be honest, I half-expected this to turn into a pity party, since spirits were pretty low after the tournament and all.
So I can't believe things turned out so well. I feel so happy right now.
Mashiro: It looks good on you, Senpai.
Masaya: Don't think I'm missing the sarcasm, Mashiro.
Asuka: Alright, that's it for our little appreciation ceremony. Thank you, everyone!
Masaya: Hold up.
Asuka: What is it?
Masaya: Do you have any of those leis left?
Asuka: Um, yeah, we do have some...
Mashiro: Wait, are you going to do what I think you are?
Masaya: Yep, for you girls. Honestly, we're just as thankful for you. You make doing all of this worthwhile.
Shion: Couldn't have said it better myself.
Madoka: Wooo, Hinata-kun! You go!
Masaya: You should be here helping me.
Madoka: Yeah, but you'll have to decide who puts the leis on who. Are you sure you want that?
Masaya: ...I want to thank each of them individually.
Madoka: Whoa, look at this player go!
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i>
We have exactly three leis left.
I think I'll go left to right. So first Asuka, then Misaki, then Mashiro.
Asuka's standing there with a big smile, Misaki looks bored as usual, and Mashiro's adjusting her hair embarrassedly.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes!
Masaya: Even though I owe Prez a lot of thanks for starting the club, I still have to say I wouldn't be standing here today if not for you.
Masaya: Thanks for always putting in 110%. I appreciate your enthusiasm and effort.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
I put the lei on Asuka, then move over to Misaki.
Masaya: Misaki.
Misaki: Masaya...
Misaki: ......
Masaya: Why are you closing your eyes?
I give her a light flick on the forehead.
Misaki: Sorry, I'm just not good with this stuff.
Masaya: I can relate, but that's no excuse.
Well, I guess I don't necessarily need to maintain the same levels of seriousness for everyone.
Masaya: I'll let you have the best part of this lei.
Misaki: You're making it sound like a piece of meat... Dunno if I really want that.
Masaya: This part here with the gold and silver paper. Want it?
Misaki: <i>I'm</i> the one you thought would like this?
Well, yeah. I kinda thought she'd enjoy glittery, shiny stuff. It <i>was</i> just a baseless assumption on my part, though.
Masaya: Thanks a lot, Misaki. You were the only member with any experience, so you really helped the rest of the team improve.
Misaki: I was just having fun, that's all.
I hold the lei out, and she takes it.
And now for the last one.
Mashiro: ......
Okay, so what should I say? Something that won't tick her off...
That might be a little hard, though, considering she's already glaring at me for some reason.
Mashiro: ...Um, hurry up and say something. This is getting awkward.
Wow, color me surprised!
Mashiro: Not that you even <i>need</i> to say anything. I already know what you think of me. I'm basically just Misaki-senpai's tag-along, right?
Masaya: That's not true.
Mashiro: You'd say that even if I was right.
Masaya: Look, don't put yourself down like that.
I wasn't sure whether to say this at first... but I think I'll tell her my honest feelings now.
Masaya: I'll admit we weren't the best of friends in the early days. You were always cheeky with me, sassy, and seemingly hated me just because I was friends with Misaki. Honestly, I didn't really know what to make of you.
Masaya: You were also kind of scary, too. Plus, it got annoying how clingy and obsessive you were with Misaki. And honestly, a lot of that stuff is still the same now...
Misaki: Hey, Masaya.
Masaya: Yeah, Misaki?
Misaki: The hell are you doing?
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: ......
I look back and notice Mashiro quivering. Probably with rage.
...Shit. I screwed up. Once I got started, it just kinda all came out like that.
Mashiro: Thank you for having me in the club, but I'm done now. Bye.
Masaya: Wait, just let me finish!
I block the way to prevent her from leaving.
Mashiro: What more is there to even say? According to you, I'm just cheeky, sassy, and I supposedly hate your guts...
She memorized all of that?!
Mashiro: I'm scary, annoying, two-faced, and an all-around unpleasant person to be around!
Masaya: Look, I was trying to provide some build-up, okay?! Like, how we got over all of that and became friends!
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: I mean it.
Mashiro: ...I'm sure that's <i>exactly</i> what you were going to say.
Masaya: Just think about it. Why would I wait until a moment like this to start trashing you?
Masaya: You know me, Mashiro. I'm not some scumbag.
Mashiro: ...Well, you're right. If you were, I wouldn't have let you coach me.
Phew.
I did upset her by saying all of that, but it doesn't seem to have made her lose trust in me. That's good.
Mashiro: You can be a handful, though. Sometimes you'll just space out and I can't even tell what's on your mind, you can also be super unreasonable, and you're so chummy with Misaki-senpai that it makes me jealous.
Those first two sound more like Misaki than me, but that's just my opinion.
Mashiro: Still, when it comes to FC, at least, you actually act the part of a coach.
Masaya: Oh.
I suddenly remember the lei.
Masaya: Thanks for playing with us, Mashiro. I hope you'll keep up the good work.
Mashiro: Well, sure. I'm here to stay as long as Misaki-senpai is.
She ends with one of those cheeky responses I've come to know her for.
Shion: Man... these things really hit you right where it hurts.
Madoka: I agree, but Shion... you saying that out loud is a total buzzkill.
Shion: Alright! Let's finish off this party the right way! Everyone, gather round! We'll do a group huddle to pump ourselves up for the fall tournament!
Madoka: Whoa, are you <i>serious?!</i>
Asuka: That's a great idea!
Mashiro: Wait, you actually want to <i>do</i> something like that, Asuka-senpai?!
Masaya: Look, let's be nice to Prez just this once.
Misaki: Fine, but you and Madoka gotta go next to him.
Madoka: Oh my gosh, why are you so sweaty?! Where's a towel?!
Shion: Arms around my shoulders, Madoka! Let's do this!
Madoka: Wait, I just said-- Ahhhhhh?!
Masaya: There's goes our manager. RIP.
Misaki: Cool! I'll take her spot.
Madoka: Hey, I'm not dead!
Asuka: Would you like to join us, Ms. Kagami?
Aoi: Oh, no, I'm fine. But do you think there's enough space here to do one? It's a little cramped.
Masaya: Good point...
We immediately head outside.
The cicadas are as loud as ever, and the sun is still out in full force. We're all beginning to sweat a bit.
All six of us huddle up, putting our arms around each other, and face inward.
Masaya: Wow us, Prez.
Shion: Gotcha... Well, with the summer tournament behind us, we'll have a fresh start from here on out.
Shion: And I think this is the perfect time for me to step down and appoint Hinata as the new club president.
Masaya: Wait, what?!
My head jolts up after hearing his sudden announcement.
Asuka: Wow, you got a promotion, Masaya-san! Congratulations!
Mashiro: It makes sense. He's the best fit.
Madoka: Tch...
Did Madoka want that position, or what?
Masaya: It still seems a bit early for you to retire, Prez. And besides, you should give us a fair warning before you do something like that.
Shion: Well, the idea just came to me not too long ago. You'll do it, though, won't you?
Masaya: ...If nobody has any objections, sure.
Asuka: I approve!
Misaki: No complaints here.
Mashiro: I'm with Misaki-senpai.
Madoka: Fine, I don't care. Hell, sometimes the number two in an organization is the real big shot.
Masaya: Thank you, guys... Well, with the exception of Madoka...
Madoka: Wow, rude! Keep that comment to yourself!
Masaya: I'll do everything I can to be a capable president, so I'd appreciate all your support!
They all lower their arms and clap for me.
Madoka: Why'd you wait until <i>after</i> our huddle for this?
Shion: Alright, here's your first job as the president, Hinata. Lead the group huddle.
Mashiro: Should've known we'd have to do another...
Masaya: Well, if you have any complaints, direct them toward our former president.
Shion: Ugh... C'mon, don't complain. Just do it.
We gather round again, all smiles.
Masaya: Alright, everyone. I'll say Kunahama, then you repeat after me.
Asuka: Roger!
Mashiro: Okay.
But before we can put our arms around each other...
Misaki: Sorry. I've got a quick announcement to make before that.
One lone member of the group steps outside the circle.
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: I'm gonna retire alongside Prez.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai?!
Asuka: Misaki-chan?!
Madoka: What are you saying, Misaki?!
Shion: Hrm...
Aoi: ......
Masaya: ...That's fine.
Mashiro: Masaya-senpai...?!
Misaki: Catch you guys later, then.
Misaki casually walks off, waving her hand.
We just stand and watch her leave. And after she's gone, we all look at each other in confusion.
Masaya: ...Let's do this.
I break the silence and get back to our chant.
Masaya: Let's go, Kunahama! Next stop, the fall tournament!
.........
......
...
And that was it.
My first day as president ended on a rather melancholic note.
Mashiro: Why?
Misaki: Why what?
Mashiro: You know exactly what I'm talking about. Why did you quit the club?
Misaki: Ohhh, right.
Mashiro: Why? We were all working so hard!
Misaki: Well, I guess that's kinda why?
Mashiro: Huh?
Misaki: I tried my best, and I just don't feel like putting in any more effort. Gets me real hungry, too.
Mashiro: But... I was really looking forward to practicing for the fall tournament together.
Misaki: Sorry about that. I didn't mean to upset you guys or anything.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: Oh, right! What about Senpai?
Misaki: Hm? You talking about me?
Mashiro: No, Masaya-senpai! Hasn't he said anything to you?!
Mashiro: He has to have... He was probably just too shocked to say anything back when you first told us.
Misaki: Masaya? Nope.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Misaki: He hasn't said a thing to me.
Mashiro: You aren't avoiding him, are you...?
Misaki: Nope, we still talk. Oh, but he did ask me again later that day if I was serious about quitting.
Mashiro: So he--!
Misaki: Well, I told him I didn't have any drive to keep playing, and he said "alright." That was it.
Mashiro: You didn't scare him off by saying a bunch of rude stuff to him, did you?
Misaki: Hm... I feel like you're saying some pretty rude stuff right now.
Mashiro: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...
Misaki: Nah, it's cool. But why'd you think Masaya would try and stop me?
Mashiro: He promised me something.
Misaki: And that promise means I can't quit?
Mashiro: No, it doesn't concern you.
Mashiro: ...He promised me that he'd help me win.
Misaki: I feel like I'm missing something here. How's that related to me quitting?
Mashiro: He knows the only reason I'm in the club is because of you!
Misaki: Who says you have to copy me? Do whatever you want.
Mashiro: But I want to play FC with you!
Misaki: Figured you'd say that.
Misaki: Well, I'm quitting, but it's not like you'll never see me again. I'll drop by to hang out when I'm bored, and I bet Madoka'll want me to help her with all sorts of stuff.
Misaki: It's not gonna be that much different, I promise.
Mashiro: If you say so...
Misaki: If you want my advice, I'd say stick with it if you really want to. Though, if you don't see a point in staying without me, you can quit.
Mashiro: Is there any chance you'll change your mind?
Misaki: I doubt it.
Mashiro: Still, there <i>is</i> a slight chance, right?
Misaki: Technically, I guess? You never know what'll happen.
Mashiro: Fine. Let's head to practice, then.
Misaki: Nah, I'm good. I don't wanna go today.
Mashiro: You just said nothing would be different!
Mashiro: Hi, everyone.
Madoka: Oh, hey there, Mashirocchi! Just you today?
Mashiro: I asked Misaki-senpai to come, but she didn't feel like it.
Madoka: Damn that sneaky little kitty. I was going to shove all that data work onto her, since she said she'd help me out with my manager duties and I don't want to do it.
Madoka: Oh, but that's just the boring stuff. I like watching you guys practice. Seeing you improve feels super rewarding.
Mashiro: Keep watching me, Madoka-senpai, because I'm going to improve a whole lot.
Madoka: Oh, you're sticking with us?
Mashiro: Huh?
Madoka: What?
Mashiro: Um, I don't remember ever saying I was going to quit...
Madoka: But I mean, Misaki's gone, so you leaving feels like the natural progression.
Mashiro: Well... yeah. I guess that's true.
Asuka: You can't quit!
Mashiro: Huh?!
Asuka: I'd feel so, sooo lonely without Misaki-chan <i>and</i> you too! Don't quit! Pleeease!
Madoka: They're like a bundle, though. Can't have one without the other, you know?
Mashiro: A-Asuka-senpai, I can't breathe...
Asuka: Oh no! I'm <i>really</i> sorry, Mashiro-chan! Don't die on us!
Mashiro: Ack... Ugh...
Asuka: Are you okay?
Mashiro: ...Yeah, I'm fine.
Asuka: You sure?
Mashiro: Yeah. I mean, she'll be back before we know it. I know he'll do something.
Asuka: U-Um... what are you talking about?
Mashiro: Oh, by the way, I haven't seen Masaya-senpai. Where is he?
Madoka: Oh, he was here a while ago, then he said he had something to do and took off.
Mashiro: I see... I bet he's doing what I think he is!
Madoka: Yep, he's already coming up with a training regimen for us.
Mashiro: What? He went to go get things set up for practice?
Madoka: Well, yeah. What, is there something wrong with that?
Mashiro: N-No, not... Huh?
Asuka: Masaya-san seems a lot more motivated now that he's president.
Madoka: Yeah, it's like he's actually getting serious.
Asuka: It's hard to believe, but I actually saw him taking FC notes during class! His pages were filled, too. Do you think that's because he's president now?
Madoka: I just realized... nobody's calling him Prez.
Madoka: Oh! Maybe that's why he's trying so hard? He wants us to acknowledge him...
Asuka: Oh no, I didn't realize at all!
Madoka: Hm... We should try calling him Prez as much as we can.
Asuka: R-Right! I'll go tell Masaya-sa... I mean, Prez that we think of him as our president!
Madoka: I feel like that'd have the opposite effect...
Madoka: Oh, sorry for getting side-tracked, Mashirocchi.
Mashiro: Hm... Maybe he's trying to come up with some sort of plan?
Madoka: Guess she's right here with us.
Mashiro: I just don't even know anymore...
Botan: Okay, can you explain all this to me again...?
Mashiro: Ugh, fine. He broke a certain something, which hurt me. Not on purpose, though, of course. He was trying his best, and it's also kind of my fault.
Mashiro: I don't honestly mind that he broke it, but he has a strong sense of responsibility, so I jokingly told him not to worry about it.
Mashiro: But now he wants to do it again, which I'm not really against. It's really embarrassing, but I kind of like it, so I want to keep doing it.
Mashiro: The problem is, he won't mention anything about the thing from before. I honestly feel like he might've just forgotten about it at this point... which makes me think he doesn't care about me and what we have going.
Mashiro: It kind of hurts, to be honest.
Mashiro: What's your opinion, Mom? I'm just too confused to think straight.
Botan: Mashiro...
Mashiro: Do you have any good advice for me?
Botan: ...Are you sure you want to be discussing this with your mother?
Mashiro: What do you mean? Why wouldn't I?
Botan: Well, because this is about, you know... a three letter word starting with s.
Mashiro: Huh?! What was that... Dad?
Botan: Honey! I know you're curious, but don't pretend to do the dishes so you can eavesdrop!
Mashiro: You actually <i>get</i> why he's listening in on us? I guess that's a married couple for you.
Botan: I'd say most dads would have a mental breakdown after hearing something like that. He's relieved now, though, since it seems like we were wrong.
Mashiro: Uh, okay?
Mashiro: So, do you have any advice for me?
Botan: Well, I think anyone would have trouble coming up with advice after that vague explanation, but...
Botan: Have you fallen for this boy?
Mashiro: Hm? Oh, fall is in like him tricking me? Why are you asking that? I already said it wasn't on purpose.
Botan: Uh, okay... Anyway, my advice for you is to evaluate your feelings for this boy. That's the only thing you can do.
Mashiro: Yeah, I guess so.
Botan: That, and consider his feelings for you.
Mashiro: His feelings for me...
Botan: What about him is making you feel the way you do about him?
Botan: That's the question you need to ask yourself.
Mashiro: ...Got it. Thanks, Mom.
Botan: One thing before you leave...
Mashiro: Yeah?
Botan: This boy wouldn't happen to be the one who came over that one time, would it? Hinata-kun was his name, I think.
Mashiro: Wha--!
Botan: Oh, for goodness' sake, dear! I'm going to cut your allowance!
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: Is he going to break his promise to me...?
Masaya: Alright, good job. Let's call it a day.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah...
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... M-Masaya-sa... P-Prez, you're a monster!
Masaya: Madoka, give them something to dry off with.
Madoka: Sure thing, Prez! I'll get right on it, Prez!
Masaya: ...Also, I've noticed that you're both calling me prez now. Is that supposed to be sarcastic, or what?
Masaya: Wait, no. Asuka can't do sarcasm.
Madoka: What, Prez?! Not only did you completely misunderstand us, but that's what you have to say?! I have <i>tons</i> of questions I need to ask you, Prez!
Masaya: I know you're the one behind this, Madoka. And once I have proof, you'll regret it.
Madoka: God, we're practically talking to ourselves here!
Masaya: Well, I'm going to head out now. Take care of the rest here.
Madoka: Sure thing!
Asuka: There goes Masaya-sa... I mean, Prez.
Madoka: Yeah, he's been disappearing the second we're done with practice these days... Also, please don't call him prez again. I'm scared of what he'll do to me.
Asuka: Aww, but I was just starting to get used to it.
Madoka: No, you <i>definitely</i> weren't.
Mashiro: I have something to tell you.
Asuka: Oh, welcome back, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Um... I'm sorry, but I'm going to be quitting the club.
Asuka: What? But Mashiro-chan...
Madoka: Guess you finally made up your mind...
Mashiro: Yeah. I gave it a lot of thought.
Mashiro: I just don't think I can work under a coach who doesn't value his players.
Madoka: Oh, the thing with Misaki... Yeah. I dunno why he's just letting her go. It's not like him.
Asuka: I think he has his own reasons for that, Mashiro-chan...
Mashiro: Well, I wouldn't know. I don't know him well enough.
Mashiro: I thought I did at one point... but it's hard to say that now.
Asuka: ......
Madoka: ......
Asuka: Deep down, you do believe in him. I can tell.
Madoka: She just doesn't want to admit it.
Mashiro: <i>Used</i> to believe in him!
Mashiro: But don't worry, I still intend to help out like Misaki's going to be doing.
Madoka: You're more than welcome to, but...
Mashiro: Well, that's only if I manage to find it in myself to forgive Masaya-senpai...
Asuka: What?!
Mashiro: Well, that's all I had to say. I'm going to go look for Senpai now.
Madoka: Try to show <i>some</i> mercy on the guy!
Mashiro: Unfortunately, I can't make any promises. I'll be going, then. Bye!
Madoka: Haaah... Practice used to be so much fun, and everyone was so motivated. Where did it all go wrong?
Asuka: It'll all work out. I just know it will.
Madoka: Asuka-chan?
Asuka: They all still love each other.
Asuka: That's why I just know everything will be okay.
Mashiro: Uh, he did fly in this direction, didn't he?
Mashiro: I thought about his feelings, Mom. Long and hard.
Mashiro: Maybe he's trying to give me a good excuse to quit, since he knows I'll never be good at FC?
Mashiro: But I'd rather he just be honest and tell me.
Mashiro: He actually made me believe I had a shot...
Mashiro: I purposefully avoided talking about it because I knew it'd just devolve into me hurling insults at him, but this has gone on for too long.
Mashiro: I just hope I don't get mad and end up slapping him or something...
Mashiro: Oh! There he is!
I laid down a couple minutes ago, so it's hard to muster the energy to get up again.
I've been pushing myself to the point of exhaustion lately. For me, the past week has been filled with data analysis and thoughts of the next day's practice.
I've tested out tougher, more technical versions of drills we've already done.
Masaya: Haaah...
After fixing my bangs, I shamefully cover my face with my hands.
Kunahama lost in its very first tournament.
Of course, it'd be silly to say it was all my fault, and arrogant too. I'd be spitting in the faces of all the people who competed, and all the hours they spent practicing.
But the one thing I can do, and must do, is find a way to lead my players to victory.
Working myself to death like this benefits nobody. And naturally, I can't let my players see the toll this is all taking on me.
That's why I'm lying down to get some much needed rest.
I close my eyes as I think.
It kind of feels like I'm just stroking my ego by telling myself all this. How lame is that.
I'm too frustrated by my own weakness. That's all it really boils down to.
But I can't mope around forever. I have to move on.
I open my eyes again.
I try to rationalize the sight I'm greeted with, but I can't.
It's way too surreal.
All I did was close my eyes for a couple of seconds... and now there's a girl floating before me.
Is this what people see when they die, when angels come down to take them to heaven?
? ? ?: Are you dead?
This one is even kind enough to double-check.
Masaya: Yep, I'm dead.
Do I take her hand and fly up to heaven now? I don't know.
Honestly, this whole situation is just so insane that my brain feels fried.
That's why I replied the way I did. It just kind of came out on reflex.
Maybe this is a dream? I overworked myself so much that I fell asleep out here...
? ? ?: ...Is everything alright?
Masaya: ......
? ? ?: It, um... seemed like you were crying.
Probably because I had my hands over my face.
But she is right.
Masaya: To be honest, no. Everything sucks.
There's no point in hiding it.
At the end of the day, there's no sense in beating yourself up over losses and mistakes. You can't change what's already happened no matter how much you want to.
But it's still damn hard to take. Losses hurt... and I don't think experiencing it any number of times will ever change that.
Except now I'm a little older and in the position of coach.
I can't let my players see me all depressed like this.
That's why I've been getting away from them after practice. I need the alone time to let it all out.
It's hard to stay positive, honestly. Sometimes I find myself wishing I could just run away from life and all my problems.
If only this angel could take me with her...
? ? ?: Senpai.
? ? ?: Let's go.
Masaya: ......
Really?
? ? ?: I'm sure you'll feel better after a quick flight. I'll come with you and keep you company.
Masaya: Sure, sounds good.
I slowly extend my hand out, and...
*squeeze*
Masaya: Huuuh?!
Mashiro: Wh-What?!
Masaya: Wait... is that you, Mashiro?
That startled me so much that I jumped back an entire foot.
I mean, I thought for sure I was in a dream, and then I just felt that sharp, distinct feeling of a hand.
It was soft, small, and warm.
Mashiro: Of course! Who <i>else</i> did you think you were talking to?
She lands, then narrows her eyes like she's just realized something.
Mashiro: I know you'd rather have Asuka-senpai, so I apologize.
Masaya: When did I ever say that?
Actually, forget all that. I was thinking some super embarrassing things just a second ago...
Wait, that's not important. I screwed up big time. I knew I couldn't let my players see me down in the dumps like this, but that's exactly what just happened...
Masaya: Um, sorry about that. I must've been asleep.
Mashiro: Hehe. I guess even you get discouraged at times. Good to know.
Masaya: You didn't see anything.
Mashiro: It's something FC-related, isn't it?
Masaya: ...You know, I feel like I'm not getting to you. Were you listening to what I said?
Mashiro: Well, you're trying to act tough, and FC is the only thing I can think of that would make you act like that.
Masaya: Nah, you're totally off-base.
Mashiro: I know I'm right. I don't remember ever seeing you act enthusiastic about anything before we joined the club. You always looked out of it.
Mashiro: I couldn't understand why Misaki-senpai liked someone as dull as you.
Mashiro: She is pretty sharp, though, so maybe she saw through that act of yours.
Masaya: Haha. You're overthinking things.
As I remember it, we just kinda became friends after I bought her lunch one time.
Honestly, she's so carefree that she can make friends with just about anyone, but she's also incredibly whimsical. One second she's interested in you, the next, she's not.
That's exactly what happened with the club.
Mashiro: Do you mind if I shoot you a question?
Masaya: Depends on what it is.
Mashiro: Is your problem related to Misaki-senpai?
Masaya: ...Why do you think that?
Mashiro: When I brought up her name, I saw you grimace for a second. It's the same face you were making earlier.
Masaya: The face I was making earlier...? Oh, I know. You don't have to say it.
That pitiful face I was probably making when she thought I was crying.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Hm?
Her expression, on the other hand, I don't know how I'd define.
It's like she's struggling internally over whether or not to say what she's about to say.
Masaya: You can tell me anything that's on your mind. I won't be upset with you.
Mashiro: I was actually wanting to say a few things to you today. That's why I came to find you.
Masaya: That doesn't sound good...
I only just now realize that she never told me why she's here.
I guess I was just too overwhelmed by her sudden appearance.
Mashiro: But I think I'll save that for another day.
Masaya: How come?
Mashiro: I wouldn't feel right doing that with the sorry state you're in right now.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: Yeah?
Masaya: You're just being so nice to me, Mashiro. I don't know what to make of it.
Mashiro: ...If you don't like me, then say so.
Mashiro: Then I could follow in Misaki-senpai's footsteps and...
Her voice is so soft that I can't make out what she said.
Mashiro: You don't have to worry about hurting my feelings. I'm ready for it.
Masaya: Thank you, Mashiro.
Mashiro: ...Huh?
Masaya: You're the reason I'm able to stay strong right now.
I mean that wholeheartedly.
We entered our first tournament hoping to do big things, but we completely failed.
And as time passed, that initial feeling of hopelessness turned into a sharp pain that ate away at my heart.
The party I suggested the other day was an outlet for my depression.
It was my way of asking who was still in it. Who was still willing to stick with me and play FC.
I probably just didn't want to be hit with the words "I'm quitting" before I'd prepared myself.
I can't honestly say I was completely ready to hear them by the time of the party, but it did help me catch Misaki's disinterest early enough.
It's like all my worries and fears came to light with that.
I kept telling myself, what if I'd just given her more attention before the summer tournament...
Or what if I'd done a better job of honing Asuka's talent, and she did better at the tournament, even if she didn't place higher...
Then maybe we could've avoided this outcome, even with the exact same results from the tournament.
I couldn't make Misaki stay. I couldn't get Asuka to unleash her full potential. I couldn't keep my promise with Mashiro.
Mashiro, though... she forgave me. All she wanted was for me to help her win next time.
Just hearing that lifted my spirits tremendously.
That's why I'm still giving practice 110% despite Misaki and Prez's absence.
Masaya: I owe it all to you, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Huh? Um, okay? I don't really understand...
Masaya: Well, that's unfortunate, because I'm not gonna repeat myself.
I couldn't bear the shame I'd feel saying something like that aloud again.
Mashiro: But Misaki-senpai quit, so I...
Masaya: That's why you're putting in double the effort, right?
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: That's probably the only way to change Misaki's mind. Make our club fun, but dedicated. If she sees that, she's bound to return.
Mashiro: I thought you'd already given up on her coming back...?
Masaya: What? Of course not. I just know how stubborn she is. She's dead set on quitting, so she won't listen to anything I say.
I confirmed it with her one last time, and that was the last I spoke of it to her.
Masaya: I swear on my honor that I'll rekindle her passion, though. Even if that flame is virtually non-existent now.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: What's wrong?
Mashiro: Do you have feelings for Misaki-senpai or something?
Masaya: You know... you really should stop associating every tiny bit of affection with romance.
Mashiro: Well, even if you don't, I do love Misaki-senpai.
Masaya: That's pretty damn obvious at this point.
Mashiro: Did it never occur to you that I'd leave the club if she did?
Masaya: ...Ah!
Mashiro: Hm?
Masaya: No, it really didn't. I swear on it.
Mashiro: Why are you playing with your hair? Don't think I don't see you sweating.
Masaya: Uh...
Mashiro: I don't know who you think you're fooling, but it sure isn't me.
Masaya: Well... I mean...
Mashiro: What?
Masaya: ...You and I made a promise, Mashiro. I told you I'd help you win.
Mashiro: ......
Her breath is caught in her throat for a brief second before she quickly exhales.
Mashiro: ...Fine, you win.
Then, she narrows her eyes and looks straight at me...
Mashiro: From this point onward, you and I share the common goal of bringing Misaki-senpai back to the club.
Before making that decisive statement.
Masaya: Uh, don't forget. I also want to focus on the fall tournament.
Mashiro: That goes without saying. Don't think for a moment that I've forgotten about our promise.
Masaya: Of course not.
Mashiro: Are you the type of person that gets more motivated with a harder-to-reach goal?
Masaya: Absolutely. It's my job to give you girls wings strong enough to reach whatever heights you want.
Masaya: Besides, I doubt that goal's as impossible as you're making it out to be. Winning at the tournament that is, not the thing with Misaki.
She just had an unlucky run in with a tough opponent last time. I'm her coach, so I know better than anyone how good she really is.
Mashiro: I guess you really do believe in us.
Masaya: Of course I do. That's the coach's job, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Well, to be honest, I kind of doubted you.
Masaya: Wait, hold up. Where's this coming from?
Mashiro: I was really upset with you before I got here.
Masaya: Oh...
Mashiro: I was prepared to potentially slap you and leave.
Masaya: Could you at least tell me why?
Mashiro: It's too embarrassing to say now, so no.
Masaya: You're just gonna keep me guessing?
Mashiro: Well, anyway...
I know what she's about to say.
Which is why I...
Masaya: Man, here I was hoping to end this conversation on a good note.
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: Haaah... I guess I'm just not good enough. Can't even bring a smile to a single one of my players' faces.
Mashiro: N-No, I wasn't trying to blame you. I just wanted to apologize, since well, I think I owe you one...
She responds, flustered.
Mashiro's such a kind, honest girl.
She was so furious with me she intended to slap me, yet she gave me a hand when she saw me feeling down. That takes a lot of strength.
If she can do it for me, I'm sure she extends this kindness to everyone. She hardly even likes me, after all.
Mashiro: I can't believe you, Senpai. You weren't even going to give me the chance to apologize to you.
Masaya: Man, this is depressing. I feel like crying.
Mashiro: Oh, will you just listen to me!
This girl's kindness almost feels wasted on me. She's being considerate enough to listen to my problems when she could've easily yelled at me and left.
So I repeat a simple thank you in my mind.
Thanks, Mashiro. I feel better now.
Mashiro: Just so you know, your rudeness toward me today won't go forgotten.
My face breaks into a bit of an awkward smile. Her words may sound aggressive, but I know she's really trying to cheer me up.
Asuka: Pre... Coach.
Masaya: Yeah, Asuka?
Asuka: Um, did something happen?
Masaya: That's a pretty vague question. What kind of "something" do you have in mind?
Asuka: Well, you don't seem as stressed as you were before, Pre... I mean, Coach. You're acting more relaxed.
Madoka: Yep, yep. It doesn't seem like you're hustling as hard anymore.
Masaya: Well, I wasn't trying to act any different.
I just wanted to give myself a motivation boost, but apparently that seems real unnatural to the others.
Masaya: Well, if you guys think I'm acting different, I guess there might be some reason. Who knows.
Asuka: Why are you acting all shady?
Because I want to avoid the topic, obviously.
Unfortunately, one among us happens to know exactly what's going on with me...
Mashiro: Oh, I'm sure there has to be a reason. Right, Masaya-senpai?
Yeah, she's doing a <i>really</i> great job of hiding it...
Oh, on that note, Asuka and Madoka have stopped calling me "Prez."
Just thinking about the whole thing gives me a headache, so I've accepted it, no questions asked.
Masaya: Well, I'd like to get started with practice, but I have one question that needs to be asked...
I look at Asuka, Madoka, Mashiro...
Masaya: What are you two doing here?
Then, I squint my eyes as I look at our two guests lined up after Mashiro... Misaki and Prez.
Shion: Arisaka reached out to Madoka and told her to tell me to keep showing up to practice every now and then.
Misaki: She messaged me on Lime about it. Well, this <i>was</i> kind of my original plan. Even though I quit, I was still gonna show up to hang out from time to time.
Masaya: You asked them to come, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Huh?
Why is she playing dumb?
Shion: But anyway, Hinata, what's this I hear about you being stressed lately? Is the pressure of filling my shoes getting to you already?
Masaya: No, it has nothing to do with me being the new president.
Shion: Haha, I thought so! Guess I didn't teach you enough about the job.
Masaya: ...What are you trying to say?
Shion: If you <i>really</i> want, Hinata, I could stick around and keep being club president for a little while longer?
Masaya: Um, okay...?
I look towards his sibling for clarification... That is to say, toward Madoka.
Madoka: Apparently he just said he was retiring in the heat of the moment during the party, and now he regrets it.
Madoka: He was even saying "If I can't go back to my old FC club, I'll just start a new one!"
Masaya: Really...
Shion: I just want to play some FC, dammit!
And that's how our former president reclaimed his position.
Misaki: Oh, but just to be clear, I'm still out.
Masaya: I know.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro looks at me and gives a subtle nod.
No matter what she says, we're going to do everything we can to bring her back.
It's time for our club to get back into high gear. Our goal, the fall tournament.
Shion: Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
An energy-filled roar resounds across the beach. This is Prez's way of getting pumped up for practice.
Asuka: It really feels like we're back to how things were before the tournament!
Masaya: All the people are here, yeah, but it's not quite the same.
Now that Misaki's taking a more supportive role, we can afford to give each person more attention.
We've been explaining things in much greater detail now as a result, which allows for more thorough coaching.
As much as I'd love for Misaki to go back to playing, I'd be a fool to not take advantage of this situation.
Masaya: Okay, so first I want you to practice basic flying maneuvers.
Masaya: After that, we'll try recreating some situations from prior games and drill what the right course of action is into your head.
Asuka: Roger!
Asuka's best weapon is her insight and imagination, so my goal is to develop that through hammering the fundamentals and various tough situations into her.
Essentially, I'm trying to expand her already almost limitless pool of options.
Asuka: Learning new things is so exciting!
Masaya: Well, we'll see if you're still smiling by the end of it.
I try messing with her a little bit.
Asuka: Huh...? What do you mean by that?
Masaya: I'm going to give you your schedule for the next few months leading up to the fall tournament.
Asuka: O-Okay...
Masaya: You'll start with 300 High and Low Yo-Yos, daily.
Asuka: 3-300 of each?! And what do you mean "start" with?! Those alone will take up all of my practice time!
Masaya: Yeah, at first.
Asuka: What do you mean?
Masaya: If you fly like you did in-tournament, that number is perfectly manageable.
Asuka: Really...?
Masaya: Yep. All you've gotta do is reduce the time it takes to do each Yo-Yo to two seconds.
Asuka: That's not that easy!
Masaya: Our first step will be to get you to the point where you can bring out your full potential during practice.
Masaya: You'll have to do that if you even want a shot at beating Inui.
Asuka: Just a shot...
Masaya: You up for it? If that sounds too hard, I can lessen it a bit.
Asuka: I'll do it! I want to beat Inui-san... no matter what it takes!
Masaya: Great. I'll be working you hard, so be prepared.
Asuka: Wait, why not increase practice time by two hours? That way, we'd be able to practice other stuff too.
Masaya: No, that'd be a bad idea. I don't want you to overwork your body.
Asuka: Aww, I thought I had a great plan...
Masaya: Well, it's the kind of suggestion I'd expect from you. Not that that's a bad thing.
Misaki: ...Sooo, according to what Masaya says, your stamina is way too weak because of your size.
Misaki: We'll work on building up your stamina first, then after that, we'll practice speed and acceleration to get you more mobile on the playing field... Hey, are you even listening, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Huh? O-Of course I am!
Mashiro: Getting private lessons from you is a dream come true! It almost feels too good to be true!
Mashiro: I'm in heaven, but...
Misaki: There you go, getting distracted again. What's the deal? Curious about what Asuka and Masaya are doing over there?
Mashiro: Oh no, not at all.
Mashiro: I was just wondering if that birdbrain still remembered the promise we made to...
Misaki: What was that?
Mashiro: O-Oh no, it's nothing! I was just talking to myself.
Misaki: Oh yeah? You're acting kinda sulky today, Mashiro. Talk about a rare sight.
Mashiro: Ugh... I'm sorry for spoiling the mood. I should be smiling right now. After all, I get to be alone with my Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Oh, don't worry about that. Masaya gave me a training regimen for you that'll quickly wipe any smile off your face.
Mashiro: Hehe. Misaaaki-senpai.
Misaki: ...Are you even listening to me? Earth to Mashiro.
Asuka: Don't lie, I know you're in love. Just say it!
Misaki: Hm?
Mashiro: ......
Asuka: Some things need to be said out loud.
Masaya: Well, sure, but I'd honestly rather not.
Asuka: There's nothing embarrassing about it. Just come out and say it! Please!
Masaya: ...Do I have to?
Asuka: Yes, you do!
Masaya: I love...
Asuka: I can't hear you!
Masaya: I'm in love, okay?! I'm in love!
Asuka: Yes! Me too!
Misaki: Man, look at those lovebirds go.
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: Oh, I guess you can probably hear them too.
Misaki: I probably don't have to tell you, but just in case, they're talking about FC.
Mashiro: S-So what? I couldn't care less about what he's saying!
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai, please! Don't stare so much or you'll make me blush...
Misaki: How long's it been?
Mashiro: I don't know what you're asking me, but it sounds like you're misunderstanding something.
Misaki: Ohhh, okay. It's jealousy, isn't it?
Mashiro: Stop grinning at me like that! I'm not jealous.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Yikes, he's looking our way. Better get back to work...
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: Jealousy...
Mashiro: Oh, Misaki-senpai, why are you so nice to me? You're only going to make my love for you grow even stronger than it already is!
Misaki: What? Where'd that come from?!
Mashiro: I'm about to fall! Misaki-senpai, please catch me!
Misaki: <i>What?</i> Um, you do know you're just gonna get repelled, right?
Mashiro: Phew, you really saved me there! That's why I love you, Misaki-senpai. You always save me in my times of need.
Misaki: What are you talking about? I didn't do anything! Look, we really need to get back to... Oh great, now Masaya's coming over here.
Mashiro: Ah!
......
The Misaki-Mashiro team didn't seem to be doing anything when I took a look, so I'm flying over to get them back on task.
Masaya: Hey, I'm not seeing any practice going on over here.
Misaki: Yeah, I know. We were just about to get started.
Masaya: Good.
Mashiro: Pretty golden words coming from someone who was just messing around with Asuka-senpai. Don't you agree, Misaki-senpai?
Masaya: ......
Guess she overheard that conversation.
Masaya: Alright, I'll admit I was fooling around. I'll get back to work now.
Mashiro: Get back to your "flirting" work with Asuka-senpai?
Masaya: I've never heard those two words used together like that.
Flirting? Work? Yeah, that's not right.
That aside, though, Mashiro's being really sassy today.
Maybe she's mad that I disrupted her alone time with Misaki?
Mashiro: You think <i>you</i> know how flirting works... Let's show him, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Yeah, let's not. Quit ignoring the laws of physics and back up some, please.
Or maybe it's because Misaki's responding to her advances like this?
Probably a combination of the two.
Mashiro: Meooow!
Now she's circling around Misaki, purring in evident bliss.
Mashiro: ......
Occasionally, she'll throw a glance my way. It's a clue for me to buzz off, basically.
Masaya: Fine, have it your way.
Mashiro: Ah!
Masaya: I'll leave you two alone, but promise me you'll get some practice in.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Masaya: Ugh...
Man, what did I do to piss her off?
I do owe Mashiro a lot, so I want to help her improve as much as I can... but it's a little hard when she acts like this.
Is she really that upset over Misaki?
Man, would it kill that girl to at least give her a hug or something?
Honestly, I'm kind of surprised that I'm rooting for her a little now.
Misaki: Masaya, can we please switch or something? There's no way we're gonna get anything done when she keeps fawning over me like this.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai...!
Ironically, she suggests that right after I thought of wanting them to spend some quality time alone...
I really wish she'd be less dismissive toward Mashiro.
I want her to realize how much Mashiro actually cares about her.
Masaya: Nope. I'm already working with Asuka.
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: Wow, you petrified her.
Masaya: Huh?
What's she even talking about...?
Mashiro: Hmph! Who cares about him! Come on, Misaki-senpai, let's go practice on our own.
Mashiro flies off in a fit of rage.
Leaving me and Misaki just awkwardly staring at each other.
Misaki: Oh, if only you weren't so dense.
Masaya: Huh? Well, anyway, try to be a little nicer to her, okay?
Misaki: Look, I'll handle Asuka. You go and help Mashiro practice.
Masaya: I asked you to be with her.
Misaki: Hm, well, I couldn't explain the stuff to her properly.
Masaya: You're just saying that so I'll go over there and help her.
Still, I have to do something if it's affecting practice.
I know this isn't what Mashiro wants, but I agree to Misaki's proposal.
Masaya: ...Sorry. Misaki insisted that I be your partner instead.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: I know you're upset about Misaki ignoring you, but we have to practice.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: You know, I don't think I'll ever understand what you see in that girl...
Mashiro: ......
Did my remark <i>really</i> warrant that death glare...?
Masaya: Okay. First, I'll explain your...
Mashiro: Hmph!
Things must've gone <i>really</i> bad with Misaki.
But then again, would she direct her anger from that onto me? I kinda doubt it...
Looks like we've got a rocky road ahead of us.
Shion: Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!
Prez was just working out with Madoka this whole time.
Madoka: Phew... I'd really kill for a shower right about now. Nothing beats taking a nice, long one when it's hot out and you've sweat a lot. Maybe I'll force Shion to make us one.
Asuka: A handmade shower room? Hm, I'm not sure I'd be comfortable with that...
Misaki: What do <i>you</i> need a shower for, Madoka? Literally all you did was hold down Prez's feet the whole time.
Madoka: How'd practice go for you, Mashirocchi?
Mashiro: Haaah...
Madoka: Everything okay?
Mashiro: Yeah, it's nothing worth mentioning. Sorry for making you guys think something was up.
Asuka: Okay, but if there's ever something bugging you, you can always come to me!
Mashiro: Thanks, Asuka-senpai.
Mashiro: Haaah...
Misaki: You're all worked up over Masaya, right?
Mashiro: ...Oh, Misaki-senpai. Waiting until I have my guard down to sneak up on me and... You'll make me fall for you all over again!
Misaki: Yeah, I get that you don't know how to respond, but that's not an excuse to randomly shove that in there. Also, I didn't wait for you to have your guard down. I just thought you wouldn't want the others overhearing this.
Mashiro: I appreciate that.
Misaki: Right, we're getting a bit off-topic. Back to Masaya.
Mashiro: Urgh...
Misaki: Tell me what's going on.
Mashiro: I don't know why I was being so mean to him today.
Misaki: Don't you know deep down, though?
Mashiro: I don't. I just unconsciously started acting that way, and I couldn't stop myself.
Misaki: Well, that's a dead giveaway.
Mashiro: Is it what I think it is?
Misaki: Go on.
Mashiro: Do I not like Asuka-senpai?
Misaki: What?! How'd you arrive at that conclusion?
Mashiro: What else could it be? I got irritated when I heard her talking with Senpai, and I couldn't get over that frustration all throughout practice.
Mashiro: I just don't know how I grew to hate someone as genuinely kind as Asuka-senpai. Am I just a horrible person at heart? Is that it?
Misaki: Ugh... I don't even feel like continuing this, to be honest.
Mashiro: I'll go test it out. Be right back.
Misaki: How?
Mashiro: Asuka-senpaaai.
Asuka: Hm? What's up, Mashiro-chan?
Madoka: Oh, do you want to join our heated debate about showers? The pressure has to be at least high enough that it hurts a teensy bit, don't you agree?!
Mashiro: I want you to let me hug you for a moment.
Asuka: What?
Mashiro: Hngh...
Asuka: Huh? What? What?
Mashiro: You're so soft and cuddly!
Madoka: I'm not sure what's going on, but I'm down for a group hug!
Asuka: What are you guys doing?!
Madoka: Now is the time to unleash the sumo move I learned from Shion!
Asuka: Madoka-chan, what was that...? Whoa!
Misaki: Oof... Poor Asuka... So, how'd it go, Mashiro? Learn anything?
Mashiro: I figured with a hug, I'd realize right away if I hated her, but I actually really enjoyed hugging Asuka-senpai. I like her a lot.
Asuka: M-Mashiro-chan, save me!
Misaki: Hm... I still don't really understand your test, but I feel like you shouldn't be ignoring cries for help from a person you supposedly like a lot.
Mashiro: Hm, but if it wasn't Asuka-senpai, then why was I acting like that?
Misaki: 'Cause you like him, duh. <i>Like</i> like him.
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: Why're you looking at me like I'm crazy?
Mashiro: Well...
Misaki: Yeah?
Mashiro: Hehe. That's impossible. I love <i>you,</i> Misaki-senpai. I really, <i>really</i> love you.
Misaki: I mean, I appreciate the thought and all, but that doesn't mean you don't like him...
Mashiro: Ah, I just remembered that I put that towel outside to dry. I'll be right back.
Misaki: Wait, don't--
Misaki: ......
Misaki: Man, I always knew Mashiro was kinda dense, but has it always been <i>this</i> bad...?
Mashiro: Now where's my towel... Okay, there it is.
Mashiro: Phew...
Mashiro: I probably need to apologize to him.
Mashiro: Do I like him, though...? Is that really what this is?
Shion: Oh, hey, Arisaka. Are you guys done changing?
Mashiro: Ah!
Shion: See, Hinata? It's just like I told you. I can do about 200 squats in the time it takes the girls to change. They were a little faster today, though.
Masaya: I mean, sure, but the rate you do squats at is plain inhuman... Mashiro? What are you doing?
She's pressing her forehead up against the bus.
Kinda like she's frustrated, or upset, or something? I don't really know why she's doing it.
Masaya: The metal part of that bus is hot. You'll burn your forehead if you keep doing that.
Mashiro: ...Ah!
Masaya: Whoa!
Mashiro: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Masaya: What the?! Are you okay, Mashiro...?
Mashiro: Time to fly meowt!
Not even a second later, she's flying off into the distance.
Masaya: What was that about...?
Shion: Talk about a lightning-quick dash off.
Masaya: Fly off, in this case.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Mashiro: Haaah...
Mashiro: Why am I so stupid...?
Mashiro: I'm sorry, Senpai. I want you to coach me. I'm sorry, Senpai. I want you to coach me.
Mashiro: Alright, today will be the day I apologize.<T 0>\n...But it's not because I <i>like</i> him. I still don't know that for sure yet.
Mashiro: Senpa--
Asuka: Coach, let's do the thing again today!
Masaya: Well, I am your coach... so if it gets you motivated for practice, I guess I should.
I throw out an excuse just in case she thinks I actually <i>want</i> to do this, but I don't think she got the memo.
Masaya: It's oddly reminiscent of Prez's activation key.
Shion: Spirit! Spirit! Spirit!
Speak of the devil.
Asuka: Please repeat after me.
Asuka: I'm in love!
Masaya: I'm in love.
Asuka: I'm in love!
Masaya: I'm in love!
Asuka: I'm in loooooove!
Masaya: I'm in loooooove!
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Um... Earth to Mashiro?
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Can you cheer up a little, maybe?
Mashiro: ...Okay. Sorry.
Masaya: Oh...
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: Hmph.
Masaya: Um, you're not really acting any more cheerful...
Mashiro: Haaah...
Minori: How's it goin', Mashiro!
Mashiro: Oh, Minori. Hey.
Minori: Whatcha doin' here? It's summer break... Oh, right. You got your club practice goin' on, huh?
Mashiro: Well, I'm just stopping by our classroom to grab my Chinese dictionary. What about you?
Minori: All the school sports clubs are havin' their summer tournaments and stuff, so I'm runnin' around doin' interviews.
Mashiro: Staying busy, I see.
Minori: Oh, that reminds me. Y'all are doing some practice matches against Takafuji, right? They've got a new president now, too. I can't go cover it, but I'll be wishin' you luck!
Mashiro: What?
Minori: Huh?
Mashiro: I wasn't told anything about practice matches with Takafuji.
Minori: Hm... Maybe I just got the wrong info or somethin'. Things've been <i>super</i> hectic for me lately. Sorry 'bout that.
Mashiro: No, it's alright. I'm glad they're giving you so much to do. Hopefully your interviews all go well.
Minori: Thanks.
Mashiro: Alright, I have to get going now. I'll text you sometime.
Minori: Good luck, Mashiro! And fly hard meowt!
Mashiro: Hahaha. Thanks, Minori. See you later.
Minori: Hm... Hm?
Mashiro: Haaah...
Minori: ......
Minori: Maaashirooon!
Mashiro: What?! What are you doing?! I thought you left?!
Minori: Hehe...
Mashiro: Why are your arms around my neck? And quit rubbing your head against me! It's way too hot out for this!
Minori: Somethin' good happen to you lately?
Mashiro: ...Why are you asking me that?
Minori: Weeeell, that was a big sigh there, and when a journalist sees that, they know-- Whoa!
Mashiro: Let go of me, Miss Paparazzi. Come on.
Minori: C'mon, I was just playin' with you. If you want someone to talk to, I'm always down.
Mashiro: Don't you have interviews to get to?
Minori: Oh, I do. TONS of 'em. But I'm a super super uber skilled journalist. Squeezin' in some time to listen to a good friend's a cinch.
Mashiro: Minori...
Minori: Knowin' you, it's probably somethin' like "I haven't been able to meet my weekly gaming quota with all the practicing I've been doing!" No worries, I'm in the same boat.
Mashiro: ...Do I <i>really</i> want to talk to you about this?
Mashiro: So, before I start... this is all about a friend of a friend.
Minori: A friend of a friend, huh?
Mashiro: There's been a certain boy on her mind lately.
Minori: Oh, I knew it! Congratulations, Mashiro! You go, girl!
Mashiro: I-Is that something you'd normally congratulate someone for...?
Mashiro: Wait, I told you, this isn't about me! And why'd you say "I knew it"?! What's that supposed to mean?!
Minori: Don't sweat the small stuff! Just a simple language mistake. So, tell me? Who's the lucky fella?
Mashiro: Would you normally ask for the guy's name after being told something like this?
Minori: 'Course. Everyone would.
Mashiro: ...Well, I think she said it was a guy in her club. He's a year older than her.
Minori: What's his name?
Mashiro: ......
Minori: Don't know? Hm, maybe it's one of those names you just can't seem to remember.
Mashiro: I wouldn't forget Ma--!
Minori: Oh, why the freak out, Mashiro? That "Ma" a part of his name or what?
Mashiro: Ma-Ma...yama... Mayama-senpai. That's his name, if I remember correctly...
Minori: Mayama-senpai... Can't say I know anyone here with that name.
Mashiro: Phew, that was close...
Minori: What was that?
Mashiro: Nothing. She didn't say he was from here, though, so he could be from another school.
Minori: Sure, sure. He's from a different school, Mashiro.
Mashiro: ...I don't really like the way you said that.
Minori: So, what about him caught your attention? His debt? His criminal record? How many ladies he keeps at his side?
Mashiro: Those sound like negative reasons why someone would catch my attention...
Mashiro: But, yeah. According to my friend, she's still sorting out whether or not she likes the guy...
Minori: Ugh, I don't want any part of this!
Mashiro: Wow, why are you wimping out now? You're the one who wanted me to tell you!
Minori: I could maybe offer a little help if this was about how to confess, but... Actually, they'd probably have better ideas on how to do that than me.
Mashiro: ......
Minori: So I'm guessin' your problem is somethin' else?
Mashiro: ...Yeah. Well, the thing is, this girl has always had feelings for a certain other person before Mayama-senpai came along. That's what I've been told, at least.
Minori: Ohhh, okay.
Mashiro: What are your thoughts?
Minori: Sounds like a whore.
Mashiro: ...I've never actually heard someone say that word outside of movies and games.
Minori: H-Hey, don't cry! I was just bein' silly. Plus, people use whore all the time as a slangy word.
Mashiro: Right...
Mashiro: As I was saying, though! Love comes in all shapes and forms, but I don't think you just fall for someone overnight! Right?!
Minori: Depends on the person.
Mashiro: We're talking about me!
Minori: Wasn't this 'bout a friend of a friend?
Mashiro: Yeah, that's what I meant to say!
Minori: Man, I don't know how you can just power through that... You ever think about revertin' your playstyle back to Fighter?
Mashiro: Oh, I know!
Minori: Somethin' hit you?
Mashiro: Wouldn't she forget all about this new guy if she just deepened her relationship with the person she already loves?!
Minori: Dunno 'bout that. Sounds like it might make the situation worse...
Mashiro: Can you help me out here, Minori?
Minori: Hm... Depends on how far you're willin' to go.
Mashiro: Anything it takes!
Minori: Well, if you want somethin' that'll do the trick... Here, lean in.
Mashiro: Huh? How about that? Close enough?
Minori: Well...
Mashiro: Oh, okay, okay... Wait, <i>what?!</i>
Mashiro: Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you trying to make me do, you idiot! I can't believe you!
Minori: ...It's a good thing you reacted that way, in a sense.
Mashiro: You've violated my virgin ears...
Minori: Well, if that's off the table, you'll just have to overload 'em with cuteness.
Mashiro: Urgh...
Mashiro: I just can't shake the feeling that I'm doing something incredibly weird here...
Mashiro: But it's too late to back out now. I've already called Misaki-senpai and everything.
Mashiro: If everything goes according to plan and she pets me and fawns over me, then...
Mashiro: ...Then what exactly?
Mashiro: (Sh-She's here!)
Mashiro: (Stop worrying, Mashiro! That won't help you now! Just focus on acting like a cute, pampered kitty in front of Misaki-senpai...)
Mashiro: (I-I just need to wait until she's close enough to see me, then I'll spring up and surprise her!)
Mashiro: (Haaah... Haaah... Here she comes, Mashiro! You've got this! You've played enough games to know how the timing works.)
Mashiro: (On the count of three... two... one...!)
Mashiro: M-Meooow! Ah...
Masaya: Whoa, you scared me-- Wait, what?
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: ......
Both of us freeze up, unable to comprehend what's going on. Well, I can't exactly speak for her, I guess.
Alright, why don't we go over everything? So I thought I'd swing by the clubroom before practice started, and I then found this cardboard box... with Mashiro inside. This <i>is</i> her, right? I'm not just seeing things?
Yeah... I can't make any sense of this. And honestly... I'm not really sure I want to.
Nothing visual is helping me get a grasp on this situation.
But the look of sheer confusion on Mashiro's face at least tells me she wasn't expecting to see me... for what it's worth.
What now? Is she gonna scream at me, start crying? God, I really hope she doesn't cry.
Mashiro: Meow...
A helpless, puzzled cry escapes her mouth.
...I guess her brain hasn't quite caught up with reality? Or wait, maybe she's deliberately ignoring reality.
Well, I have to do something.
Masaya: W-Would you look at that, it's a cat!
I'll just pretend I haven't realized it's Mashiro.
...Okay, that was real dumb. I'm way more freaked out than I initially thought. That was probably the stupidest thing I could've said in this situation.
Masaya: Who would abandon such a cute, adorable kitten? Oh, the heartlessness.
Mashiro: C-Cu--?!
Masaya: I'd really love to take her with me and give her a home. I could wrap her in a nice, clean towel, and give her some warm milk to drink.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Oh, if only my dad weren't allergic to cats!
Wait, why'd I keep going? I'm a total dumbass!
I feel like I'm stuck in a pit of quicksand and each word just pulls me closer to my demise. I can feel the sweat trickling down my back.
But hey, at least we'll be able to pretend this never--
No, we won't. We really won't. Though, maybe if I can just endure the tongue-lashing I'll inevitably get from Mashiro, we'll be able to move on from this without feeling any embarrassment...
...Big maybe.
God, why is this even happening? What is this? No situation I've ever encountered as an FC coach has been this confusing and hard to get out of.
Masaya: Sorry I can't take you home with me, little kitty.
Mashiro: Meow...
Masaya: Haha.
...Wait.
Huh? Did Mashiro just play along?
Masaya: C-Can you understand me?
Mashiro: Meow.
As sad as it is, I almost want to cry.
Never in my life have I felt so pitied.
I felt like a man stuck in a pit of darkness, and that meow from her was a hand pulling me out into the light.
...Isn't this kinda similar to what she did to me a couple days back, actually?
Mashiro: ......
Okay. I know you're happy that you've found a way out of this sad situation, Masaya, but this isn't the time to relax. Absolutely not.
Together, we'll escape from this dark pit of despair... Though, we only have ourselves to blame for being here in the first place.
Mashiro: Meow...?
Masaya: Don't worry, little kitty. Everything's gonna be okay. I'll help you get out of this situation.
Mashiro: Meow! Meow!
Masaya: Haha. Aren't you just the cutest little thing?
That uncharacteristically honest and playful meow out of Mashiro might have made me lose my mind.
Not thinking, I reach out to try and pet her head.
Mashiro: Ah!
I see her eyes quiver in astonishment, then immediately stop my hand.
Man, was I really about to do that?
Casually stroking a girl's head is straight-up creepy as hell...
Masaya: Oh, wow. There's actually a foxtail next to the box...
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Wanna play with this?
Mashiro: ...Meow.
That sad, depressed meow out of her is really making me lose my mind.
Wait, what the hell am I doing?
I gotta help Mashiro out here.
Masaya: Hm, you know what? Misaki's place is actually pretty big. Maybe I'll ask and see if she can keep you?
Speaking of Misaki, wasn't she the one who told me to come to the clubroom early today?
...Dammit, this was <i>totally</i> a setup. She's probably even watching this all go down from somewhere.
I move the foxtail into my left hand as I scroll down my recent call list on my phone to look for Misaki.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai...
Masaya: Hm?
What's that all about?
Mashiro: Get away from me!
Masaya: Huh?!
She suddenly screams and bites at the foxtail I'm holding.
It's almost like a switch was flipped... I guess hearing Misaki's name brought her back to her senses?
Well, I have more important things to worry about right now.
Mashiro: 'Ee nish 'oo me all 'ou wan, bu' I won' 'all 'or 'ou!
Masaya: ...Mashiro, I have no idea what you're saying.
Mashiro: Nrrrggghhhhhh...
Masaya: Ah!
And the next second, she's gone. I feel like this has been happening a lot lately.
Masaya: I hope she's okay...
She didn't bother to take off the cat ears.
I just hope that doesn't lead to yet another tragedy.
But that's the least of my concerns right now.
Masaya: This isn't some weird thing she and Misaki do when they're alone, is it...?
Later that day during practice, I called her out for telling me to go the clubroom, and also inquired about the cat ears. Her reply?
Misaki: Heehee...
Masaya: ...Can you please give me an actual answer? That grin doesn't tell me anything.
After practice, Hosaka showed up to personally apologize.
Minori: The cat thing unfortunately stemmed from an idea of mine, so I have come here to apologize for the trouble my actions have caused.
Masaya: I'm guessing Mashiro told you to? Well, I should apologize to you too.
...Well, at least I now know this isn't some weird roleplay thing Mashiro does with Misaki.
Minori: Oh, there's one more thing.
Masaya: Hm? What's that?
Minori: I took a secret video of it, but Mashiro's got it now. Snatched it from me the second I said somethin'.
Masaya: I could see Misaki doing that, but <i>you?</i> Wow...
Minori: Look, I just wanted to try out my new mini camera and set it up in those cat ears. But I realized it'd be kinda wrong for me to see that, so I asked Mashiro to check it instead, and that's when she slapped me on the forehead...
Masaya: So you take a hidden video and only later realize what you're doing is wrong? Okay...
It gives me a headache just thinking about it, but I guess she's not all that bad if she realized.
Masaya: It's your lucky day, Hosaka.
Minori: How?
Masaya: I'm a very forgiving person, so I'll let you go after I twist your nose 90 degrees.
Minori: What do you think my nose <i>is?!</i> You're gonna break it!
Masaya: I was just playing. The slap from Mashiro is probably enough. Just make sure you don't do anything like this again.
I'll let her off the hook today.
Minori: Um, so is someone still gonna check the video...?
Masaya: It's probably been erased from this world. Way too embarrassing for people to see.
It was embarrassing enough for me, so it definitely should've been for Mashiro too.
She probably threw that tape against the ground, stepped on it, then burned it until nothing was left and scattered the ashes in the ocean. That's what I'd do.
Thankfully, no one will be able to see what transpired inside the clubroom that day. It fell into the hands of someone who experienced the same pain as I did, so I can know that with certainty.
Minori: Y-You did somethin' so embarrassin' you don't want other people seein' it?! I had no idea you guys were so... mature!
Masaya: Whatever you're thinking, it's probably way off the mark.
Should I twist her nose to shut her up after all?
Mashiro: I-I need to check one more time to make sure I heard what I heard!
Mashiro: "Meow! Meow!"
Masaya: "Haha. Aren't you just the cutest little thing?"
Mashiro: Ahhhhhh!
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... W-Wait one second. How do I know he wasn't saying "acutest" there and I just misheard him?
Mashiro: I have no idea what that would even mean in that context, but might as well check it again to make sure... And this time, I'll act it out.
Mashiro: Okay then... Meow! Meow?!
Masaya: "Haha. Aren't you just the cutest little thing?"
Mashiro: Ahhhhhh!
Botan: Mashiro, what are you yelling about?
Mashiro: Meaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawh?!
Botan: ...Meawh? What's that supposed to be?
Mashiro: I-It's nothing, Meo-- Mom! Why didn't you knock?! Don't just barge into my room like that!
Botan: I <i>did</i> knock. But you were too busy doing whatever you were doing to notice.
Botan: How many times have I told you not to roll on your bed like that? Dust keeps falling down, and we can't have that happening when the store is open.
Mashiro: S-Sorry, Mom...
Botan: It's fine... Oh, what's that I see on your computer screen over there?
Mashiro: "Nrrrggghhhhhh..."
Masaya: "Ah."
Mashiro: Get out, Mom! Get out right this instant!
Botan: Okay, Mashiro. I'm leaving, so you don't need to push me...
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah...
Mashiro: Haaah... Did she see all of that?
Mashiro: Huh? What is this video doing here?
Mashiro: Did she overwrite it, or is this a different file? It looks like some old FC match...
Mashiro: Wait, is that...
Mashiro: Senpai...?
Masaya: Okay, I think that's all the news I have for you guys. Now, unless there's something I'm forgetting...
Madoka: Don't you think it's about time we tell them what's coming up in two weeks?
Masaya: Hm, maybe, but we're still waiting on...
Shion: Ms. Kagami told me it didn't work out.
Masaya: Oh, okay. Guess we can tell them, then.
Asuka: Hm?
Mashiro: ......
I look back at my puzzled players.
Masaya: I have an announcement to make. In two weeks, we're going to be having a joint practice session with Takafuji Academy.
Misaki: With Takafuji?
Asuka: Wow, really?! We haven't seen them since the summer tournament. I can't wait to see Rika-chan again!
Masaya: Yeah, our last practice session with them was way back during Golden Week. We won't be staying over this time, though.
Shion: Didn't work out this time around.
Asuka: Wow... Golden Week feels like ages ago. It's strange.
Masaya: That's what happens when you're having fun every single day.
Masaya: We're also going to be doing practice matches to see how much everyone's improved.
Mashiro: Practice matches...
Misaki: Hey, Masaya, I'm probably not--
Masaya: Yeah, I know. You don't have to come if you don't want, but we'd like to have you there.
Masaya: Right, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Um... what?
Masaya: ...Were you even listening?
Spacing out when we're talking about Misaki? What am I seeing?
Mashiro: Um, yeah, of course. I'm really looking forward to practicing with Takafuji! And their leadership has changed, so it'll be nice to see who's in charge now!
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: Wh-What?
Masaya: ...Did I mention the leadership change?
Mashiro: I, um, thought you did.
Masaya: Hm...
Asuka: I didn't hear anything about it.
Masaya: Well, from what I heard, their new president is Satouin-san. Shindou-san retired from playing, but he's still there as a coach.
Speaking of Shindou-san, he was the one who suggested this upcoming joint practice session. He <i>really</i> wanted it.
Misaki: Oh, so he really did retire...
Misaki seems to have personal thoughts on that matter.
Masaya: So with that in mind, we're going to focus on more practical training during practice. Our goal is to win, so let's work hard.
Asuka: Yeah!
Masaya: Mashiro?
Mashiro: Huh? Oh, yes! Of course I will!
Masaya: What are you going to do?
Mashiro: I'm going to win!
Masaya: Great. Just making sure you were actually listening.
Mashiro: O-Of course I was!
Mashiro: You promised me a win, so I'm taking this seriously...
Masaya: Your legs are swerving, Asuka! You need to regain your balance within a split second, so either do a sharp turn or a steep brake!
Asuka: O-Okay!
Masaya: We're gonna hammer this into your muscle memory so you'll be set when the time comes. 20 more to go. Think you can do it?
Asuka: Absolutely! Here I goooooooooooo!
She blasts through the sky.
Masaya: I like the energy, but don't blow it all at once.
Mashiro: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Masaya: ...She's fired up too, huh?
I spot Mashiro practicing with Misaki, a fair bit away from where me and Asuka are.
Shion: I won't lose! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
And down on the sand, I see Prez going hard at his workout.
Masaya: The whole team is...
Asuka: I can top that! Here I go...
Masaya: This isn't a screaming match, Asuka.
Misaki: Nice, that's ten! Time for a quick break.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Misaki: You were really getting into it there.
Mashiro: B-Because A-Ashuka-senpai was...!
Misaki: Oh, sorry. Catch your breath.
Mashiro: H-How am I doing...? Am I getting any better...?
Misaki: I see a twinkle in your eyes now.
Mashiro: A what?
Misaki: Forget it. Just talking to myself.
Misaki: Personally, I'd say you got a long way to go. Kinda feels like you don't have the hang of things just yet, if you know what I mean.
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: Mashiro?
Mashiro: Can you tell when that happens?
Misaki: What do you mean?
Mashiro: I was just wondering how you and Asuka-senpai feel when you fly. Is that what I need to aim for?
Misaki: I'm not the person you wanna ask.
Misaki: But hm, lemme think. I guess it'll kinda "ring" when you get the hang of flying? Dunno how else to describe it.
Mashiro: Ring?
Misaki: Oh, sorry. That was a bad explanation.
Misaki: How about this. It's like when you first ride a bike without training wheels, and you're like, "Whoa, I can do it! This is so easy!"
Misaki: Actually, I don't think I've ever seen anyone say that...
Mashiro: I don't think I'm getting the ringing feeling.
Misaki: Well, the ring differs for everyone. In my case, I kinda hear it in my ears, but Asuka apparently feels it with her whole body.
Mashiro: Sounds complicated.
Misaki: Don't worry, you'll get there eventually. Everyone falls a few times before they learn to ride a bike properly. Well, not that I'd wanna fall.
Mashiro: My mom's tried riding a bike countless times, fallen plenty of times too, and she still can't ride one.
Misaki: ...I don't think your mom would want you telling me these embarrassing stories about her, y'know?
Misaki: But yeah, you'll be fine. We have this handy little saying, "everyone is different."
Mashiro: Will you be there to catch me when I fall, Misaki-senpai?
Misaki: I should've seen this coming...
Mashiro: Well, I can't count on our other coach. He's too busy with Asuka-senpai to pay me any attention.
Misaki: Oh, so it's about him. Gotcha.
Misaki: So, what're you trying to say? Masaya cares about Asuka 'cause she has talent and you don't?
Misaki: Hm, but I guess he does play favorites, even if he tries not to. He's human, after all. I got that feeling too from him at times.
Misaki: You can make the decision you want knowing that.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai.
Misaki: Wanna join me and quit?
Mashiro: No. I want you to teach me more, to train me harder.
Misaki: ...That's dedication right there. Not sure if it's dedication to FC or MH, though.
Mashiro: MH? You mean the game series? I haven't played it since 4G came out last spring.
Misaki: You're gonna lose me if you start talking about games. But yeah, like I said earlier, you've got a twinkle in your eyes.
Mashiro: ...Maybe it's because of the eye gel I'm using?
After practice.
Since we started practice before noon, we've wrapped up earlier than usual.
Asuka: Masaya-saaan!
Asuka's calling my name as she lifts up her bag.
I guess she wants to go home together.
Asuka and I live near each other, so we use the same terminal. Most days we'll head back together, unless either of us has plans.
I'd love to, but unfortunately, I have something I need to do.
Masaya: Sorry, go without me. I need to talk to Prez about something.
Shion: Sorry, Kurashina.
Asuka: Hehe. Alright, see you later!
Asuka: Phew... Another fulfilling day of practice!
Mashiro: Hey, Asuka-senpai.
Asuka: Ah!
Mashiro: Uh...
Asuka: M-M-Mashiro-chan...?!
Asuka: Wow, you really scared me... I thought you already left.
Mashiro: I'm sorry. I didn't think I'd startle you that much.
Mashiro: I was just wondering, um, do you always stop by the clubroom to say bye to everyone before heading home?
Asuka: Um, not always. Just sometimes.
Mashiro: Oh, right... I see.
Mashiro: (She's a little ditzy, but she's a nice person.)
Asuka: What are you doing, Mashiro-chan? Did you forget something in the clubroom?
Mashiro: Oh, no. I was actually waiting for you.
Asuka: You were <i>waiting</i> for me? What for?
Mashiro: Well, um... I-I was wondering if you wanted to head out together?
Asuka: Me and you?
Mashiro: Oh, um, only if you want to. Um, if you don't...
Mashiro: Ah...!
Asuka: I-I don't know what you're trying to say, Mashiro-chan, but you can do it!
Mashiro: Th-Thanks. So, um, I was thinking...
Mashiro: H-How would you like to, um... maybe g-go somewhere and hang out?
Asuka: What?!
Mashiro: U-Um...
Asuka: Ahhh! You're so, <i>so</i> cute!
Mashiro: What?!
Asuka: The way you blushed all nervously, looking at me with upturned eyes... it was out of this world adorable! I'm in love!
Mashiro: A-Asuka-senpai! You're crushing me...!
Asuka: How come Misaki-chan gets you all to herself?! I'm so jealous! I want my own Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: C-Can't breathe... Your boobs are...
Asuka: Oh no, she's not moving! Stay with me, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah...
Asuka: A-Are you okay?
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Yeah, I think I'm okay, Asuka-senpai.
Asuka: I'm so sorry... You were just so, <i>so</i> adorable that I couldn't control myself.
Mashiro: Sorry, I just never really ask people out like this, so I got a little too nervous.
Asuka: Don't be, I'm really glad you asked me! So, where are we going?
Mashiro: Well, I was going to let you make the decision, if that's fine...
Asuka: Oh, thank you. Hm, where should we go... Oh, I know!
Asuka: I just thought of the perfect place!
Mashiro: The perfect place...?
Asuka: Let's go for a swim, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Can we really go swimming in these outfits...?
Asuka: Of course, don't you worry! I'll make sure to wash them myself once we're done.
Mashiro: Uh, I don't think that's the problem...
Asuka: There are two very dangerous things we need to look out for, Mashiro-chan. Do you know what those are?
Mashiro: Hm, it's not jellyfish season... I have no clue. What are they?
Asuka: Number one is flirty men. We run on sight. They can be very scary.
Mashiro: Yeah, those guys are bad news.
Asuka: The other thing is... um, it's not really a "thing," but it's Masaya-san.
Mashiro: Why him?
Asuka: Well, we're swimming in our training suits when we're not supposed to. If we get hurt, he might yell at us or maybe even cry.
Mashiro: You really thought this out...
Mashiro: Are you afraid of him?
Asuka: Oh, no way. I love Masaya-san!
Mashiro: Wait... so--
Asuka: And I love you too, Mashiro-chan. And Misaki-chan, and Madoka-chan, and Prez, and Ms. Kagami! I love everyone!
Mashiro: Oh...
Asuka: Hehe... So that's why I'm so glad you wanted to spend time with me today.
Asuka: Okay, time to swim. But before that, we need to do some warm up exercises so we won't get hurt.
Mashiro: Let's do it!
Asuka: Phew, I'm so exhausted now...
Mashiro: You need to calm down, Asuka-senpai. We just had practice, so where are you getting this energy from!
Asuka: Even if we're just out swimming for fun, I need to take it very seriously!
Asuka: Playing FC and working hard has taught me that.
Mashiro: You think about this stuff way too deeply.
Asuka: Do you think?
Asuka: Oh, Mashiro-chan, come here and lie down next to me!
Mashiro: Are you sure you want all that sand in your hair?
Asuka: All I see is the big blue sky. It's almost like I'm flying!
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: It really is.
Asuka: You know, I still can't believe I get to fly through the sky every single day. It's like a dream.
Asuka: Flying feels so, <i>so</i> wonderful. I used to look up at the sky in awe all the time when I was little. I wish I could go back in time, honestly.
Asuka: I'd tell her about flying, and that she'll get to fly too one day.
Mashiro: ...Asuka-senpai.
Asuka: Yes?
Mashiro: People often say you have a lot of hidden talent. What do you think about that?
Asuka: ......
Mashiro: Oh, sorry if that question offended you. You don't have to answer.
Asuka: ...It makes me happy when people say that.
Mashiro: Huh?
Asuka: It makes me feel really, <i>really</i> happy!
Asuka: I've always been a really plain girl with no talent or anything. Plus, I know I'm not the smartest.
Asuka: I was always jealous of the other kids that could do cool things... They had something I didn't, and I thought that was just the most amazing thing ever.
Asuka: I did get depressed over it from time to time, but I think the most frustrating part wasn't that I had nothing I was really good at, but that there wasn't anything I even <i>liked</i> enough to want to be good at.
Asuka: I did love the sky, but that was before I knew about FC and flying.
Asuka: I probably wouldn't be the same person I am today if Masaya-san hadn't taken me into the sky when I first arrived on this island.
Mashiro: ...I think he might be special to you in the same way that Misaki-senpai is to me.
Asuka: Oh, really?
Mashiro: The circumstances aren't exactly the same, but they're pretty close.
Asuka: I guess we should both consider ourselves lucky that we met such wonderful people, huh?
Mashiro: Hehe... For sure.
Mashiro: Oh, I interrupted your story. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that.
Asuka: Oh no, it's fine. Hm, where did I leave off?
Mashiro: You were talking about how Masaya-senpai first took you into the sky.
Asuka: Oh, right. Anyway, that's why, personally, Masaya-san kind of feels like the sky to me.
Mashiro: ......
Asuka: I'm sure he'd object if he heard me say that, though. He'd probably be all like, "The sky is something personal to you, Asuka."
Mashiro: Hehe. Yeah, I can definitely see him saying that.
Asuka: He's also one of the first people who told me that I had a hidden talent for FC.
Asuka: As unrealistic as it is to think that <i>I'm</i> actually good at something, I do believe him. I trust Masaya-san's word.
Asuka: But it can be really frustrating at the same time. I love flying, I work hard every single day, but all I ever hear about is my "potential." Sometimes I wonder if I'm actually trying hard enough.
Mashiro: He doesn't mean it in a negative way.
Asuka: I know. It's a problem those with privilege get the luxury of having. But I still worry about it, and I'm sure all the people I envied for having talent when I was kid had the same thoughts I'm having now.
Asuka: Oh, but I'm not trying to be egotistical or anything, okay?! I don't think I'm that great!
Mashiro: You silly thing.
Asuka: Huh?!
Mashiro: You <i>are</i> great, Asuka-senpai.
Asuka: ...Stop teasing me, Mashiro-chan.
Asuka: Anyway, back to what I was talking about. Now that I've finally found something I love, I want to make the most of it. I want to experience it to the fullest and cherish this joy.
Mashiro: ......
Asuka: Um, did you get all that? I'm not really good with words... Nothing sounded funny or anything, right?
Mashiro: ...I wish I could be like you.
Asuka: Huh?
Mashiro: I can tell how pure your love for the sky is. I'm honestly a little jealous.
Asuka: ...I'm sure you'll find something you love just as much someday.
Mashiro: ......
Asuka: ...Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Um, I know mine might not really compare to yours, but...
Asuka: Yes, what is it?
Mashiro: I--
Mashiro: I love the sky too.
Asuka: Huh?
Mashiro: Well... I'm still not sure. But I think I do.
Asuka: This is so great!
Mashiro: Ahhh...! Don't just jump up and start shaking my hand up and down!
Asuka: I'm just so happy! There's nothing cooler than sharing a love for something with a friend!
Mashiro: I don't know if I do, though. I'm not really as innocent-minded as you.
Mashiro: I have plenty of other things I like too, so that's why I'm questioning if I <i>really</i> like it.
Asuka: Liking many things doesn't mean you can't like them all really strongly.
Mashiro: Huh?
Asuka: There are so many different forms of love out there, and people experience each in different ways. Things you love for the feeling of it, things you love because of devotion... But if you can truly, honestly say you love each of them...
Asuka: People who can say they love all of those things from the bottom of their heart... Those people are really amazing to me!
Asuka: ...Was that reassuring at all? I was just speaking my mind.
Mashiro: ...Asuka-senpai.
Asuka: What's wrong... Huh?
Mashiro: I'm sorry. I might've actually lied to you without knowing it.
Asuka: Mashiro-chan, look!
Mashiro: Wh-When I said I loved the sky, what I think I really meant was...
Asuka: Run!
Mashiro: Huh?! Wh-Why are we running?! And don't grip my wrist so hard, please! You're hurting me!
Asuka: I-I see a pair of guys looking at us! They're flirters!
Mashiro: Huh? Oh, you mean those two sleazy-looking guys walking our way? They probably are.
Asuka: Oh no, they're getting closer!
Mashiro: Let's fly off. I feel super uncomfortable having those perverts leer at me in my training suit.
Asuka: Oh no... I can't get my Grav Shoes because my feet are still wet!
Mashiro: Come on, we need to get going!
Asuka: Ugh...
Mashiro: Oh god, they're running!
Asuka: W-We're in real trouble now! Wh-Wh-Wh-What do we do?!
Mashiro: Ngh!
Mashiro: I-I'll go and tell them to scram. You should take that chance to get away.
Asuka: Wait, don't confront them!
Mashiro: I'll be fine, Asuka-senpai. S-See, I'm a local, and since I have experience waiting tables at our restaurant, I know how to deal with people like them.
Asuka: No, Mashiro-chan, you can't! I can tell you're scared. You're shaking, and I even see teardrops in your eyes!
Mashiro: Th-This'll be like taking candy from a baby! Just you wait and see!
Asuka: No, I <i>really</i> don't think it will. Hey, Mashiro-chan! Come back!
Mashiro: Don't be scared, Mashiro! It'll be all over before you know it...!
Mashiro: Watch over me, Senpai...!
Mashiro: ...Wait, what?
Asuka: I-I'm not letting you go alone, Mashiro-chan! No way! Those people are really scary, but... I can do it!
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai, look over there...
Asuka: Oh, huh? They're walking away, and look really mad too... I wonder what happened?
Mashiro: No clue.
Mashiro: (Did they look up toward the sky just now? Ah...!)
Masaya: Phew... Glad I managed to get those guys to go away.
I heave a sigh as I watch the two sleazy-looking guys walk off.
They clearly had their sights set on Asuka and Mashiro.
It's summer break right now, which means tourists are all over. You can't be careless, even on a seemingly empty beach like this one.
Masaya: ...I swear I warned Asuka about them.
Just as I was leaving the clubroom about to head home, I caught sight of Asuka and Mashiro flying off somewhere in their practice suits.
Curious, I tailed them. But as it turned out, they just wanted to swim.
I decided to watch them from afar, thinking that was about the only reasonable course of action, but I soon realized how creepy that seemed. A guy spying on two girls swimming...
I also realized something else. Namely that if I spotted any <i>real</i> creeps eyeing them up, I wouldn't be able to go down and help. I mean, how would I explain to the girls that I was spying on them?
Ultimately, the very situation I dreaded came to pass, but luckily, I pretended to swoop down toward them and they left.
I feel less bad about spying on them now, since I can at least say I had pure intentions.
Asuka and Mashiro have already been swimming for a long time, so I doubt they'll stay any longer after what just happened.
I'm their coach. My job is to support my players, even from the shadows. No need to go reveal myself to them. I'll just leave.
Oh, a text?
I have a bad feeling about this... but I'll check anyway.
Sender: Mashiro Arisaka\nSubject: Senpai\nThink again, perv.
Masaya: ......
I drop my shoulders in shame as I feel my pride as a coach dwindling.
Damn, she caught me...
I think it was just her, though.
I don't notice her looking my way down there on the beach, so maybe she's trying to keep Asuka from realizing out of consideration for me?
...Hard to tell whether she's nice or not, sometimes.
Masaya: Oh?
Upon closer inspection, I see a scroll bar.
After scrolling down endlessly, I find the rest of the message.
I think that was really nice\nLike that you helped us\nYou should let me thank
Masaya: Why the weird incomplete sentences? This supposed to be some cryptic message?
Or a joke, maybe?
Guess I'm just not good enough as a coach to earn her sincerity.
Masaya: Challenge accepted. Prepare yourself for practice tomorrow, Mashiro. I'm gonna ramp things up big time.
I pump myself up from my hidden position.
Asuka: Oh? Are you texting someone, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Huh? Oh, yeah... I tried something a little bold.
Mashiro: Hehehehehehe...
Asuka: ...Who were you texting?
Mashiro: Please coach me well today, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Oh.
Mashiro: Huh? Is everything fine?
Misaki: Nah, it's nothing. You just seem kinda different, that's all.
Mashiro: Oh, do I?
Misaki: You give up on him?
Mashiro: What are you talking about?!
Misaki: Nah, can't be. Feels like the opposite, honestly. Like...
Misaki: He popped your... um, you-know-what?
Mashiro: Um, sorry, but I don't think I know what you mean.
Misaki: Okay, yeah, just forget that. My curiosity's turned me into a dirty old man.
Mashiro: I'm not sure I follow, but if you're wondering why I'm in such a good mood, it's because I get to spend my day with you again, Misaki-senpai! And I love you!
Misaki: Please, none of that. Nobody asked for it.
Mashiro: But I also love Asuka-senpai, Madoka-senpai, Prez, and Ms. Kagami too!
Misaki: What're you on today? You're acting so funny that it's creeping me out. Horoscope tell you to be nice today or something?
Mashiro: You can be as cold and distant as you want with me, Misaki-senpai! That's what I love you for!
Misaki: Um, like, I'll admit I missed that annoyingly clingy side of you... But what's up with you now? Like, not even a day ago you thought Asuka was your archnemesis or something.
Mashiro: W-Wow, that's just plain rude! I did not!
Misaki: Well, I'm not in the mood to argue, so whatever. Oh, but I noticed Masaya got left out of that list of people you love. What'd he do to you?
Mashiro: I couldn't care less about him. He's a stupid buffoon who can't even understand a simple text message.
Misaki: What did you <i>do</i> to her, Masaya...?
Mashiro: Alright, that's enough about that. Let's get started with practice. Can't let Asuka and Prez get a head start!
Misaki: Y'know, I feel like I deserve some praise here. I quit, but I'm still here letting you guys work me like a slave.
Mashiro: I brought ingredients, so we can have some hiyashi udon in the home ec room during lunch! I have more than enough noodles for seconds, too!
Misaki: A battle of endurance until lunch time it is!
Mashiro: Great to hear!
Mashiro: I want to be able to love the sky even more than Asuka-senpai...!
Misaki: No, no. All wrong.
Mashiro: Haaah...  Haaah... Haaah...
Misaki: Were you listening to me? You'll get it right if you just do it the way I said.
Mashiro: I-I'll try again!
Misaki: Wait, wait, don't listen to me! Okay, do, but lemme correct myself first.
Misaki: Y'know, I always knew I wasn't cut out to be a teacher.
Mashiro: N-No, I'm sure the fault is all on my end. Asuka-senpai probably wouldn't have had any trouble.
Misaki: Asuka, well, she's an exception... Sorry.
Mashiro: It's all good. I'll just have to keep trying until I get the hang of it!
Masaya: There's no sense in comparing yourself to Asuka, Mashiro. You're different people who learn in different ways.
Misaki: Oh, Masaya. Hey.
Mashiro: Senpai...
Masaya: Come on, don't give me that look.
The change in attitude between yesterday and today is like night and day.
She's apparently upset with me over something.
The odd part is, I actually ran into her in the clubroom earlier today before practice, and there was none of this animosity.
Mashiro: S-Senpai!
Masaya: Hey, Mashiro.
Mashiro: C-Could you, um... come outside with me?
Masaya: Sure.
Mashiro: ...I was just going to ask if you read the text I sent you yesterday.
Masaya: Yeah, I did.
Mashiro: O-Of course you did. Sorry for the weird question...
Masaya: No worries.
Mashiro: ......
...Hm?
Masaya: Need something else?
Mashiro: W-Well, um, I just wanted to know what you thought about it.
Like, my impression? Not sure what she's looking for here...
Masaya: Well, I accept.
Mashiro: W-Wait, seriously...?!
Masaya: That was real clever of you, but I figured out what you <i>really</i> meant.
Mashiro: Ah!
Masaya: Thank you for telling me that, Mashiro. I'm glad I have people that care about me so much.
Mashiro: Y-You are?!
Masaya: Well, yeah. Wait, your face is really red, Mashiro. The heat isn't getting to you, is it?
Mashiro: I-I'm okay. Don't worry about me, so please go on and...! Oh, but I'm so nervous. I don't know if I'm ready to hear a response.
Masaya: Everything alright, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Please continue!
Well, alright...
Masaya: What else am I supposed to say, though...?
Masaya: I mean, it probably took a lot of courage for you to get that off your chest. I appreciate it.
Mashiro: I-I'm just... glad to hear you appreciate it! That's enough for me!
Masaya: What? I already told you I was accepting.
Mashiro: Wait, so does that mean...? Does that mean...?
Masaya: Yep. I'll do everything in my power to be a better coach from now on.
Mashiro: I love y--!
Mashiro: ...Wait.
Masaya: Uh, what was that?
Mashiro: Oh, nothing. What were you saying...? Coaching?
Masaya: Yeah, your message. You were trying to tell me I'm not a good enough coach, right? Hence the incomplete "thank you."
I think back on her message.
Sender: Mashiro Arisaka\nSubject: Senpai\nThink again, you perv
I think that was really nice\nLike that you helped us\nYou should let me thank
Masaya: I really do have a lot to learn. It did hurt a bit, but... Wait, on second thought, I guess you were just trying to cheer me up, weren't you?
Mashiro: No, the weird phrasing and incomplete sentences were just a ploy to get you to direct your attention to something else, like maybe a hidden meaning in the words...
Masaya: Thanks, Mashiro. I'll work harder from here on out.
Mashiro: Ugh... And I thought I was being clever...
Masaya: Something wrong, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Senpai...
Masaya: Yeah?
Mashiro: Kgh!
Masaya: ...Hm?
Mashiro: Ngh...!
Masaya: At least say something!
I can't help but wonder why she looks so conflicted right now. If anything, that's the face I should be making, considering the verbal onslaught she's subjected me to...
Did I fail to pick up on something, or is this just a random mood swing? I honestly don't know.
Maybe if I don't see any changes, I'll bring it up during practice.
Masaya: So what's going on? All I overheard was something about Asuka being able to understand your explanations when Mashiro can't.
They've been pretty fired up during practice today, so I could hear their conversation from a decent distance away.
Misaki: Yeah, I'm just no good at teaching others.
Masaya: Well, that's understandable. Skill as a Skywalker doesn't necessarily translate to skill as a coach.
Misaki: Look, all those compliments do is make me feel awkward. I'm not coming back.
Masaya: You're reading way too much into my words.
...She was actually right on the money, though. Guess I was being a bit too obvious.
Masaya: Alright, so give me a demonstration of what you're doing, and I'll see if I can give you any tips.
Honestly speaking, I don't think I've ever paid attention to Misaki's coaching habits.
Misaki: 'Kay. I'll just tell you what I told her earlier.
Misaki: Your swoops need some more gwaaah! Then, once you get the timing down right, you'll feel your butt clench like hngh. And after that, you wanna hone in on that zeee kinda itchy feeling you feel on the tip of your head!
Misaki: That way, when you tilt your body, you'll be able to do a quick turn in the direction you want.
Misaki: ...See? I can't explain anything right.
Masaya: You don't say. That was pure gibberish.
Misaki: What?! It's <i>that bad?!</i>
Masaya: You really need to get on her case about that, Mashiro. How will she ever know she has such a fatal defect if nobody tells her anything?
Misaki: ...Don't you dare forget I'm helping you guys out of the goodness of my heart!
Masaya: I'm not even talking about FC. You'll definitely have moments in life where you need to explain a concept to someone.
Misaki: Hmph... I don't care about that stuff! I live in the present!
Mashiro: A-Asuka-senpai would probably be able to understand it! It's not <i>that</i> incomprehensible!
Masaya: Even if she can, you can't. And that's what matters.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Masaya: Like I just said, you're different people. You don't need to compare yourself to her.
Mashiro: Still...
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Come here for a sec, Misaki. I want to give you some pointers on how to coach her better.
Misaki: Do I <i>have</i> to?
Masaya: I'll take you out for udon sometime.
Misaki: I'm probably the only woman in the world right now who's this brave, yet this easy. People are even spreading rumors about me, saying I'll sleep with any guy if he buys me a bowl of udon. Hiyashi or tempura, doesn't matter as long as it's udon...
Masaya: I highly doubt that.
......
Mashiro: Senpai... I'm positive my obsession with Asuka-senpai is because of how bad I want to get on her level.
Mashiro: That's the only way I can get you to notice me...
......
Misaki: Aight, I got it down pat! We're gonna do it this time!
Mashiro: I'm ready, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Turns out all we had to do was record you, then compare with a video.
Mashiro: Huh, that's surprisingly normal. I can't believe we didn't think of that ourselves.
Misaki: Seriously. I feel like a complete dumbass... Oh, actually, I <i>did</i> think of it, but I figured I'd probably end up selling the footage to some sketchy video website.
Mashiro: Um, Misaki-senpai... I'm going to assume you're just joking... I believe in you.
Misaki: I also got the nicely-named "Misanese Dictionary - Simplified Version" that Masaya himself compiled!
Mashiro: Is he saying your words are a different language?
Misaki: It translates all my bwaaahs and gwaaahs into understandable words.
Misaki: Things are gonna go a lot different now, trust me!
Mashiro: Oh, so it's just a dictionary for all those weird onomatopoeias you use.
Misaki: Here, let's look at the entry for gwaaah as example.
Misaki: It says: Possible meaning (1) Dropping center of gravity and flying with arms against body. Possible meaning (2) Stretching the back and flying at an angle that minimizes aerodynamic drag. Possible meaning (3)...
Mashiro: He has entries for every single one of those sounds?
Misaki: Yep! Pretty swanky, huh? And for "bwaaah" it says: Possible meaning (1) Dropping center of gravity and flying with arms against body. Possible meaning (2) Stretching the back and flying at an angle which minimizes... Wait a second.
Mashiro: Seems familiar.
Misaki: What the hell?! Now that I'm looking through these, every damn entry is the same thing! Screw Masaya! This dictionary is a total scam!
Mashiro: Still, he must be observing you closely if he can make such detailed interpretations of your words. I definitely can't understand them like that.
Misaki: You're a little mixed up there. He's observing <i>you,</i> not me.
Mashiro: Why would he be doing that?
Misaki: Think about it. Why would he have to interpret all my words? He could just make a list of things he thinks you need to improve on himself. Hell, most of them would probably line up with what I'm trying to say.
Misaki: Case in point, basically everything I was gonna say is in there. Kinda feels like he beat me... Shit.
Mashiro: He did all that...?
Misaki: Like, you do know the reason he and I do different stuff with you, right? He figures you'll enjoy practicing with me more, so he lets me handle all the fun practical stuff, while he takes care of the boring fundamentals.
Misaki: That's why he keeps coming over here and helping me.
Mashiro: He did that all for me...?
Misaki: If you're happy, smile. Don't need to hold it in 'cause I'm here or anything.
Mashiro: I-I'm not doing that!
Misaki: Oh, really? Says the girl who's biting her cheeks to keep herself from grinning.
Mashiro: What?! How can you tell?!
Misaki: Couldn't, actually. That was just a wild guess.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Misaki: Oh, one more thing.
Mashiro: What is it now?
Misaki: I know he said not to compare yourself with Asuka.
Misaki: He's not wrong, but competition <i>can</i> sometimes lead to good things.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai...
Misaki: That's what he told me to tell you. In his own words, "Say that to Mashiro in a soft voice. She'll want to hear it from you."
......
Asuka: Why are you covering your face, Masaya-san?
Masaya: I just have a headache because of a certain someone who likes to ruin everything...
Why'd you have to tell her everything, Misaki? Come on...
Asuka: If you don't mind hearing my opinion, I think you should've just told her yourself.
Masaya: So I take it you overheard their conversation, then? And you just pretended you had no idea what was going on to fool me...
Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: That cutesy smile isn't gonna cut it.
Masaya: ...But, to answer you, I figured it'd have more impact coming from Misaki.
Asuka: I don't know. I feel like it needs to be said with heart to have any impact...
Masaya: Doesn't matter as long it's Misaki. She loves her.
Asuka: Hm, I guess I see what you mean...
Masaya: Yeah.
Asuka: I still think she'd be very happy to receive compliments from you too.
Masaya: Really? I feel like she'd just kick me.
Asuka: Why do you assume she'd do something that mean...?
Masaya: Yeah, I guess she can be pretty sincere at times. Maybe she wouldn't.
Asuka: Um, speaking of Mashiro-chan.
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: ......
Asuka: She's been staring at you for quite some time now.
Masaya: Oh, I know. I'm just pretending not to notice.
Asuka: I think she wants to thank you.
Masaya: Yeah, that's why I'm not looking...
Considering the original plan was for her to never know I told Misaki, being thanked for that is a little awkward...
Mashiro: ......
Asuka: Oh, she's frowning at you now.
Masaya: Well, she's probably caught on by now, since you keep throwing glances her way while I don't...
It was damned if I did, damned if I didn't.
Masaya: Okay, let's get back to practice.
Asuka: You don't want to go say anything to Mashiro-chan?
Masaya: Nah, practice takes priority. Our joint practice session with Takafuji is creeping up on us.
I'm too scared to think about what I have coming for me later...
Madoka's been busy recording times we take during practices.
I'm looking at those right now. It's been regular work for me lately. I've been adjusting future practice sessions off of what areas I see or don't see improvement.
Masaya: Cool.
I stretch my back after finishing.
We're done with practice for the day, and I'm the only one remaining in the clubroom.
Asuka was the last to leave, and it's already been well over an hour since then.
I let everyone go home a little early today.
Upon my first step out of the bus, I'm greeted by the humid air, scorching heat, and the painfully loud chirping of the cicadas.
This summer heat makes the smell of vegetation so strong that I almost choke.
Masaya: Let's get out of here.
That's when I spot something.
Masaya: Hm?
There's a bag of soda-flavored hard candy placed near the door.
Along with a note that says "Thank you."
The face of our youngest club member springs into my mind.
Masaya: You could've just stayed and shared these with me, you know?
I plop one of them into my mouth. It's refreshingly cold.
Mashiro: Hngh!
Misaki: Looking great so far! Now get into it and let me hear your voice!
Mashiro: Roger!
Misaki: This is the last step!
Misaki: Quickly shift your center of gravity while making sure your lower body doesn't swerve!
Mashiro: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Misaki: Perfect! You did it!
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Mashiro: So, did I beat the target time?
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: ...Congratulations.
Mashiro: Ahhh!
Misaki: Whoa! Back up some...!
Mashiro: I did it, Misaki-senpai! I really did it!
Misaki: Yep, you sure did! I'm real proud of you.
Mashiro: Hehe!
Mashiro: Keep it coming, Misaki-senpai! Shower me with praise!
Misaki: Don't get <i>too</i> cocky now.
Mashiro: Hey, don't push me back or you're going to fling me away!
Mashiro: Still, though. I really did it! Hehe, hehehe...
Misaki: Wow, this is something else.
Misaki: Go tell Masaya the big news. I'm sure he'll be happy.
Mashiro: Well, I don't want to disturb him when he's busy with Asuka-senpai.
Misaki: Who cares! This is important enough to warrant you bothering him.
Mashiro: ...You're right. I'll fly over and see if he's at a good stopping point.
Misaki: Go get him.
Mashiro: Be right back!
Misaki: Man, look at that smile.
Misaki: I think it's been, what, about a week since Masaya stepped in that one time? She's been working her tail off since.
Misaki: ......
Misaki: ...She's even got me feeling a little envious.
......
Mashiro: I wonder how he'll react when he hears it?
Mashiro: Ahem... Senpaaai?
Masaya: Give it one more go, Asuka.
Asuka: O-Okay, Coach!
Mashiro: Whoa, look at her go... Guess I'll wait and watch a little.
Masaya: Now the follow-up move!
Asuka: Ah...!
Mashiro: Oh, she's doing the same stuff I've been doing... Asuka-senpai's so amazing. I feel like I'm only just realizing how great she is now...
Mashiro: But if I'm allowed to make one teensy presumptuous comment now that I have Misaki-senpai's seal of approval, I will say that her lower body's swerving very slightly.
Masaya: Great! Now switch up to the variant! Assume your opponent's a Speeder!
Mashiro: A variant?
Masaya: Keep your basic form, and remember! The subsequent maneuvers in the chain will be drastically easier or harder depending on how you pull off this first move!
Asuka: Roger, Coach!
Mashiro: The basic form...
Masaya: Phew... That's good, Asuka. You can come down now.
Asuka: How did I do?
Masaya: Well, you missed doing that feint with your eyes. Did you forget I told you that?
Asuka: Ah...!
Masaya: That was it, though.
Asuka: So if I can do that, then it'll be perfect?!
Masaya: Not quite. Then I'll be able to pinpoint the next thing for you to work on.
Asuka: I thought I was getting somewhere for a moment...
Masaya: You are making progress, but there's still plenty of things for you to learn.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Oh, hey, Mashiro. Need something?
I look over and spot her close to us instead of practicing with Misaki.
Mashiro: Oh, no. It's nothing.
Masaya: It has to be something.
Why else would she interrupt us during practice?
Mashiro: W-Well, um... I have a little something to report to you.
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: ......
Asuka: Oh, is it something you want to talk to him about in private? I can leave.
Masaya: Wh-Why are you leaving?
Asuka: Um, I don't want to be the third wheel? Does that make sense?
Mashiro: S-Sorry for bothering you! I'll get back to practice!
Masaya: Wait, why are you leaving, Mashiro?!
I reflexively reach out and stop her before she can fly off.
Mashiro: I-It's just a progress report. I'll tell you later in private!
Masaya: Why does it need to be in private?
Mashiro: W-Well...
Misaki: Mashiro here's finally perfected the stuff you had her practice, Masaya.
Mashiro: Hey, don't tell him, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Why not? I thought you came here 'cause you wanted him to know.
Mashiro: I don't know, I just feel awkward talking to him about that in the presence of Asuka-senpai...
Masaya: That's awesome, Mashiro!
Asuka: Oh my gosh, Mashiro-chan! That's so cool!
Mashiro: I mean, I knew you'd both react like that, but still...!
All three of us are happy for her achievement, but she doesn't seem too happy herself. Odd.
Mashiro: That technique is just a basic maneuver for Asuka-senpai, right? So reporting that I've only just now gotten the hang of it feels...
Masaya: Who compared you to Asuka?
Mashiro: What do you mean?
Masaya: Has my coaching always been based on the principle of competition? I really don't want to think I've been stressing my players into believing they have to compete with each other.
Misaki: Weeell, it kinda has...
Mashiro: FC is a competitive sport, so I have to compare myself to other people.
Asuka: Hahahaha... I think I'll stay out of this one.
Masaya: That's weird... I thought I was creating a more relaxed practice atmosphere, where you could each focus on your own individual strengths and weaknesses.
Mashiro: I mean, this isn't some self-improvement group therapy session.
Misaki: Can't speak for the others, but I sure as hell don't feel relaxed during practice. I'm practically counting down the hours as they go.
Masaya: Ugh... Seriously?
Well, moving on...
Masaya: If you put in the effort and master something you previously couldn't do, then I think that's worthy of praise, no matter the circumstances.
Mashiro: It's not when you compare me to Asuka-senpai, though...
Masaya: Hm, how about an analogy. This may seem rather obvious, but just go along with it. Everyone other than you in the world is alive, right?
Mashiro: What kind of analogy is this?
Masaya: Even though you may not be able to tell, we're all constantly battling ourselves as long as we live. Inner turmoils, inner demons, emotional conflicts, etc.
Masaya: So, in that sense, nobody truly knows what you're going through. And you never truly know what others are going through on the inside.
Mashiro: Okay, so... where are you going with this?
Masaya: It's about the journey, not where you are at any given moment. Nobody wakes up one morning able to climb a mountain without practice. But if they put in continuous effort, they'll eventually be able to reach the peak.
Masaya: At the start of the journey, you'll be jealous of those further along than you. That's natural. But the important thing is achieving the goals you set for yourself, and eventually reaching a point where you take pride in yourself and not have to worry about feeling jealous of others.
Masaya: So, did that make any sense?
Mashiro: Not really.
Masaya: You take over for me, Asuka.
All those embarrassing lines for nothing... Disheartened, I hand the ball to Asuka.
Asuka: Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai...
Asuka: It might've been hard to tell with all the weird stuff he just said, but he really is happy for you.
Mashiro: Really?
Masaya: Uh, I wasn't <i>trying</i> to sound crazy. It all made perfect sense to me...
Asuka: Masaya-san's been watching you throughout practice today. He wants to know how you're doing.
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: A-Asuka, what are you...?
Asuka: And I even saw him do a small fist pump during that moment when you nailed the time.
Masaya: Asuka, are you even listening to me?!
Asuka: I can tell when your mind is in other places, Masaya-san. I've been working with you long enough to know when you give me wrong instructions.
Masaya: Urk...
Asuka: The icing on cake was that last set of moves I did.
Masaya: I-I did something there too...?
Asuka: When you told me to do the follow-up, the right instruction should have been "Focus on maintaining a clean form."
Masaya: Did I really make that mistake?
Misaki: Probably got mixed up with what Mashiro was doing.
Asuka: Were you really paying attention to what I was doing...?
Masaya: Uh, I don't really know what to say.
Asuka: Coach?
Masaya: I'm sorry...
I'll admit I was curious about how things were going over there, but I had no idea it was impacting my focus.
Masaya: I'm sorry. I let you down.
Asuka: It's okay. It only happens about once or twice a day, I think.
Asuka: ...Actually, it's probably three or four.
Masaya: God, I'm so sorry!
I bow my head to her deeply.
Asuka: I'm fine. But say something to her, okay?
I look in the direction she motions toward and see Mashiro.
She's standing there pretty awkwardly, and I have no doubt I am too.
What kind of face do I even make right now?
Masaya: What do you want me to say?
Asuka: Tell her your thoughts, but this time in a way that she'll understand!
Masaya: Oh, okay.
I thought she'd understand my previous explanation, but whatever...
Masaya: ...I'm glad you finally got the hang of it.
I almost let myself speak in a grumpy, curt tone, but soon realize how disrespectful that would be.
I'm not sure what she's looking for out of me, but Asuka said something she'll understand, so I'll go simple.
Telling her my honest thoughts is kind of embarrassing, but I'll just have to deal with it.
Masaya: I'm proud of you, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Huh? That didn't make any sense to me at all.
Masaya: Oh, for crying out loud...
Mashiro: Repeat that one more time, and then maybe I'll understand.
Masaya: What did I ever do to deserve this?!
This is pure torture.
Mashiro: He told me he was proud of me...
Mashiro: I'm sooo happy!
Mashiro: No, I have to calm down. Don't want Mom yelling at me again about the dust.
Mashiro: Ah...
Mashiro: ......
Vile God (Mashiro): Were you truly that happy to hear him say that, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Yeah, I was about to break out into tears.
Vile God (Mashiro): Haha. It takes little for a man to steal your heart.
Mashiro: Oh, shut it, Doommeow.
Vile God (Mashiro): Do you have a crush on this man, perhaps?
Mashiro: ......
Vile God (Mashiro): That is the one thing you cannot admit?
Mashiro: ...The idea scares me a little.
Vile God (Mashiro): What is there to be scared of?
Mashiro: I just feel like once I admit it, there's no going back.
Vile God (Mashiro): I would say you are already well past the point of return, personally.
Mashiro: Shut up!
Vile God (Mashiro): If you keep working hard, I'm sure he will continue to praise your efforts.
Mashiro: ......
Vile God (Mashiro): He may even begin to shower you with attention.
Mashiro: I don't care about that. I won't fall for a guy just because of a few compliments.
Vile God (Mashiro): If you used the time you spend playing video games to practice instead, then--
Mashiro: No way I'm doing that! Like, that's super obvious. He'd know I'm just doing it to get him to praise me.
Vile God (Mashiro): But would it not cause you to earn favor with your beloved? That Misaki-senpai or whatever her name was?
Mashiro: Hey, don't insult Misaki-senpai.
Vile God (Mashiro): Perhaps you could use that as your excuse if he were to question you?
Mashiro: Oh, stop that!
Vile God (Mashiro): Careful! If you keep swinging your legs in that manner, your mother will--
Botan: ...Are you talking to yourself up there, Mashiro?
Mashiro: AAAAAAAAAAAAH?!
Botan: What was that shriek? It's hardly fitting for a girl your age.
Mashiro: God, what kind of idiot am I?
Mashiro: Practicing on my own time just 'cause he gave me one compliment? Ridiculous.
Mashiro: I don't care about a single compliment that much. Of course not.
Mashiro: There's no way I can fit in time to do extra practice anyway. Plus, it'd basically make it seem like I'm goofing around during real practice.
Mashiro: I'm not the kind of person who'll go the extra mile just to get good at something. That's way out of character for me.
Mashiro: I'm just doing this on a whim, okay...?! I know I'm probably going to quit in a week... I'm just trying it for the experience...
Mashiro: Scissors... then a sharp brake. A High Yo-Yo, and then...
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Mashiro: Wait, what move comes after this one again? I totally forgot.
Mashiro: Have a good day!
Mashiro: Phew...
Botan: Mashiro.
Mashiro: Uh, yeah?
Botan: Most of the customers have left, dear. You don't have to help anymore. I keep telling you not to bother in the first place, though.
Mashiro: Huh? But it looked like you had your hands full earlier.
Botan: Well, yes. I do get pretty busy from time to time.
Mashiro: I don't know, Mom, I just feel like I have to keep myself busy doing stuff or else I'll stress myself out over everything that's going on. And you know me, I can't handle stress.
Botan: So that's why you still help out with the restaurant, even while going to club practice every single day and practicing by yourself at mornings and nights?
Botan: It's like you've gone from one extreme to the other... You used to always groan and complain when I asked you to help. You can be so awkward, it makes me want to cry.
Mashiro: You're killing my motivation right now...
Botan: I'm still supporting you, dear. You'll collapse from exhaustion eventually for sure.
Mashiro: Hey, don't jinx it.
Botan: Just a little joke. Now come over here for a second, would you?
Mashiro: What do you want, Mom?
Botan: Got you!
Mashiro: Hey, what is this about?
Mashiro: ...But this isn't too bad. It's been a while since you last gave me a hug like this.
Botan: Isn't that because you're always holed up in your room?
Mashiro: Urgh...
Botan: Just a joke. I know playing video games with Misaki-chan is very important to you.
Mashiro: You're being sarcastic, aren't you...?
Botan: I love watching my little girl work hard at things, so I have nothing against what you're doing.
Botan: But I don't want you to work <i>too</i> hard and hurt yourself.
Mashiro: Mom...
Botan: We won't try to coddle you, but always remember that your parents always have your back.
Mashiro: ...Thanks, but don't worry. I'm only doing what I know I'm capable of.
Botan: I believe you.
Botan: But if I ever feel that you're overworking yourself, I'll hire someone to replace you.
Mashiro: Uh, I'd rather you not. That'd make things kind of uncomfortable around here, considering it's my home and all...
Botan: Working toward a goal is a wonderful thing, but overworking yourself is never a good idea.
Botan: Also, I know you might consider this silly, but it's important to praise and reward yourself.
Mashiro: I mean, the whole reason I'm working my tail off is pretty silly, so...
Botan: What was that?
Mashiro: Nothing.
Mashiro: ...Oh, this might sound kind of random, but can I ask you a question?
Botan: Sure. What would you like to know?
Mashiro: How did you and Dad meet?
Mashiro: What the...?! I guess he was listening...
Botan: ......
Mashiro: Why are you staring at me like that, Mom...
Botan: Mashiro, dear!
Mashiro: Ugh...! Mom, what are you doing?! Stop squeezing me! I can't breathe!
Botan: Hehehe. Tell me the truth now.
Mashiro: The truth about what?!
Botan: You've found someone other than Misaki-chan you're interested in, right? A boy, too!
Mashiro: Pff...!
Mashiro: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Where did that come from?
Botan: Well, you were the one who asked your mother entirely out of the blue how she and your father met.
Botan: Ah...! Are those morning and nightly practices with that boy...? Or, actually, are you even actually practicing?
Botan: Dear, would you stop it already?!
Mashiro: <i>You</i> need to stop, Mom!
Mashiro: I am practicing all by myself, diligently, like a good kid! Okay, though... I will admit my motives are a little impure.
Mashiro: Stop talking like you know it all, Mom. If you don't believe me, you can even come and see for yourself.
Botan: Sure. I'd love to come watch you one of these days.
Mashiro: I didn't expect you to say yes... Not that I really mind, though.
Botan: Well I suppose I can tell my sweet little girl how your father and I met.
Mashiro: Look, you don't have to. I'm not even interested anymore.
Botan: Oh, it feels like it was only yesterday... Back when I was young girl your age, yearning to find that special someone. And I was quite cute too, to boot.
Mashiro: Did you really need to add that?
Botan: I was a sweet, modest, lovely young girl who would sneeze whenever a breeze blew past.
Mashiro: What does that sneezing part have to do with anything...?
Botan: My hair was puffy and very wavy, my eyes were very round and big, and the air was filled with a sweet, flowery fragrance wherever I went.
Mashiro: <i>Your</i> eyes were big?!
Botan: What's so shocking about that...? Oh well, continuing on.
Botan: When I first fell in love, he was the only thing I could think of day in and day out. I even resorted to fortune-telling, good luck charms, amongst other things.
Botan: ...Oh, by the way, Mashiro. Would you mind showing me your eraser for school after I'm done?
Mashiro: My crush's name isn't on it, so don't bother.
Botan: Oh, what a shame.
Botan: So, as I was saying, eventually my feelings grew too strong for me to contain. I wanted to ask him out, but I just couldn't find the courage to.
Mashiro: ......
Botan: I'd always chicken out last minute, so I came up with these challenges I would do, and I told myself that I'd confess if I managed to complete them.
Botan: They were such silly things too, like stepping only on white street lines on the way home from school.
Mashiro: ...Did that lead to you asking him out?
Botan: The challenges were just an excuse stemming from my lack of self-esteem. I knew they were impossible things, but I still tried my best to complete them. Eventually, yes, I did work up the courage and I asked him out!
Mashiro: Go on...!
Botan: Oh, wait...
Mashiro: What's wrong, Mom?
Botan: Now that I think about it, my first boyfriend might not have been your dad...
Mashiro: MOM?!
Botan: Hahahahahahaha.
Botan: ...Don't worry, dear, your dad's the only man I've ever loved. I just wanted to play a little joke on him. This'll be our little secret, okay?
Mashiro: Mom... You <i>really</i> should tell him.
Botan: I just wanted to see whether he would still get jealous over me. And he did, so I'm happy.
Mashiro: And if he didn't, you would've gotten mad. Seems pretty selfish to me. And besides, why are you flirting in front of your own daughter? Stop that.
Botan: Sorry.
Mashiro: But seeing you two like that does make me feel a little envious. I wish I had someone like that.
Botan: Don't worry, Mashiro, I'm cheering for you. I'll also make sure to hide it from your dad as well.
Mashiro: I have nothing to hide, thank you very much!
Botan: If you say so.
Mashiro: But...
Botan: Yeah?
Mashiro: If things ever do get to that point... I'll take you up on that offer.
Botan: Ahhh... You're such a sweet little angel. I'll beat the living daylights out of any boy that rejects a pure girl like you.
Mashiro: Don't say things like that, Mom!
Masaya: "Practice is canceled today due to the weather. Relax and get yourselves some rest. See you tomorrow." Okay... looks good to go.
I press the button and send the text to all my fellow club members.
Given how exhausted they must be from our daily practice, I think it's safe to say they'll consider today's rain a blessing.
But if the rain continues into tomorrow or even the day after, we'll probably start wishing for it to go away.
Masaya: Alright, time to head home.
I grab my bag and head to the door when--
Mashiro: What?!
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: ...G-Good morning.
Mashiro happens to enter through it.
...Why's she here?
Mashiro: Haaah... Now I'm drenched because of the sudden rain... Huh? You're the only one here? Where are the others?
Masaya: Uh, have you checked your phone?
Mashiro: No, I haven't... What? Practice is canceled?!
Masaya: Yeah.
Mashiro: Seriously? You sent this like a minute ago. How was I supposed to know?!
Masaya: Well, you're more than a little early...
We still have over an hour until practice would've started.
And naturally, that's why I sent the message now instead of later.
Mashiro: Oh, yeah... I was just going to come take a nap here to keep myself from oversleeping.
Masaya: You stay up all night playing games or something?
Mashiro: Just forget I said anything.
Masaya: If you say so...
I shouldn't be nosy.
Mashiro: Well, I guess that means we're alone. Oh, wait, I wasn't implying anything with that!
Masaya: I know.
I wouldn't have even thought of that if she hadn't said anything...
Mashiro: All alone with...
Stop repeating that to yourself. Please.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: ......
Now comes the awkward silence.
Mashiro: Ah...!
She whips her phone out and starts writing someone a text.
...But the next second, I get a closer look and see that it's a messaging app or something and her line reads, "I don't know what to say! Someone help meee!"
Masaya: ...I'm gonna head home. What about you?
Mashiro: Y-Yeah, we probably should!
We both stand up, but at that exact moment--
The crack of thunder roars in the distance, thwarting our plans.
The intensity of the rain also picks up.
Masaya: ......
I silently slump back down into my chair.
But for some reason... she's still standing.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Mashiro?
I call out to her to see what's wrong.
Mashiro: I'm going home.
Masaya: What?!
Masaya: The storm's raging out there! I won't <i>force</i> you to stay, but can't you at least wait until the rain dies down some?
Mashiro: I'm sorry, I just feel like I'll end up doing something stupid again if I stay here. Oh, but I don't hate you or anything, Senpai. That's not why I want to leave. It's just that being drenched is <i>way</i> better than what I might end up doing to embarrass myself.
Masaya: What kind of incoherent rambling was that?!
It's like she's possessed or something.
Masaya: Calm down and use your brain, Mashiro! You heard that lightning, right?! You don't want to go outside in that!
Mashiro: Lightning...?
Masaya: Yeah.
Mashiro: Oh, I'm scared of lightning! I don't want to be zapped!
Masaya: Phew...
I breathe a sigh of relief as she finally returns to normal.
Mashiro: ...Sorry. I kind of lost my cool there for a second.
Masaya: No worries. Happens to all of us.
I don't know if it really does, but that doesn't matter. It's best to reassure Mashiro.
...I feel I've been doing this a lot recently.
Masaya: So...
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro's decided to sit on the chair furthest from me.
If this was a few months back, my first thought would've been "Man, she really hates me..."
But now, it doesn't seem that way to me.
I'd say it's more a response stemming from shyness or embarrassment...
It may seem like nothing's changed between us, which is a depressing thought, but now that I know the <i>why</i> behind her actions, I feel a little bit better about it.
Now that I understand her better, it's changing the way I think about her.
Though, I'm still not sure how she <i>actually</i> feels about me herself.
But that's fine. I'll just let my own feelings guide me.
Masaya: Can't you sit a <i>little</i> closer to me, Mashiro? You're hurting my feelings.
I strike up a conversation to end this silence. But on second thought, I probably just wanted to talk to her.
I want to grow closer to Mashiro.
Mashiro: I'll go ahead and warn you...
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: ...If lightning strikes somewhere nearby, I might accidentally end up latching onto you.
Masaya: Are you that scared of lightning?
Mashiro: I can't handle it.
Masaya: Well, that's not good.
Mashiro: I know I'm not <i>really</i> scared of it, but I still might end up clinging to you...
Masaya: But you just...?
She'd just been staring down at the floor lifelessly, but after a split second, she lifts her head and smiles energetically.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: And then I'll use that opening to get in a couple of gut punches!
Masaya: Do you hate me or what?! Like, where'd that come from?!
Mashiro: ...It's the embarrassment.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: I'm aware of how much of an emotional wreck I've been lately.
Masaya: Is something wrong?
Mashiro: I don't know. It's just like, one moment I'm smiling, then I feel like crying, then I'm happy, but then I say something dumb and the regret hits me like a truck.
Mashiro: It's an everyday cycle.
Masaya: Sounds rough.
Mashiro: Look, whose fault do you think it is that I'm... Sorry. I know it's all my fault.
...I can tell she wasn't lying about those emotional problems.
Masaya: You take really good care of your shoes, Mashiro.
Mashiro: I mean, it's not like I do anything special to them.
Masaya: Thanks.
Mashiro: Huh? Um, you don't need to thank me for that! I should thank you for taking a look at them for me.
I figured the rain would remain like this for the next hour at least, so I decided to check Mashiro's Grav Shoes for her.
Masaya: You've improved a lot lately, so I was thinking maybe we could put some more advanced settings on these for you.
Considering where she's at now, I think she'll manage.
Mashiro: I-I don't...
Masaya: Don't think you're ready?
Mashiro: No, sorry. I was just going to say, I don't think I even remember the last time someone's told me I've improved.
Masaya: Misaki...
Come on? You can at least tell her that.
Masaya: You're improving leaps and bounds, in my opinion. And these past few days, you've been making more progress than ever before.
Whenever she gets taught something new during practice, she's already gotten the hang of it by the next day.
I don't know what triggered this sudden change, but it's <i>definitely</i> a change for the better.
Mashiro: You've been watching me this whole time?
Masaya: Well, yeah. I <i>am</i> your coach.
I get the urge to try out a bunch of different custom settings as I'm fiddling with her shoes.
Should I focus on her strengths, or should I enhance everything equally? Which would best suit Mashiro?
I'm really getting into this.
My replies to Mashiro become more and more half-hearted the more immersed I get.
Mashiro: Senpai? Senpai...?
Mashiro: Earth to Senpai.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...Hm?
A sudden sensation brings me back to reality.
Something's been lightly hitting my shin for a few seconds now.
What is it?
I look down, curious, only to find that it's Mashiro's foot, swinging back and forth like a pendulum.
Mashiro: ......
Maybe she's doing it subconsciously? It doesn't seem like she's noticed, at least.
...Or maybe it's a habit or something?
Either way, it doesn't really bother me.
I'll just ignore it.
Masaya: ...Hm?
After a short while, I take notice of something new.
Her toes are still rhythmically hitting against my shin, but...
Mashiro: ......
What's even more striking is that she's staring at me intently.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: ......
When I look up, she quickly looks the other direction.
A few seconds after I look back down, those light kicks resume.
Mashiro: ......
And I can tell she's staring at me again.
Okay, I wasn't just imagining things. She's looking at my face, and I don't know why.
I can see everything in the window's reflection.
She's kicking my legs while closely monitoring my reaction as I work on tuning her shoes.
Actually, if I keep looking at the window, she'll notice eventually. My gaze is reflected in it as well.
How will she react when she sees?
Will she just blush and pretend nothing happened, or will she get mad and yell at me? Or maybe she'll just get embarrassed about it and stare at the ground... Okay, maybe not that last one.
I shift my gaze away from the window.
As weird as it is, these little kicks feel kind of pleasant to me now. I don't want them to go away.
It reminds me of the feeling I get when my players rely on me.
The only sounds entering my ears are the pattering of the rain and the rhythmical tapping of her feet against my shins. It's quiet and relaxing. This is just the kind of atmosphere I'd want to do this job in.
Masaya: Looks like the rain's let up some.
Mashiro: You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?
Masaya: Ready to go home, Mashiro?
Mashiro: You can't tell me you didn't notice.
Masaya: ......
She looks at me with a reproachful gaze and lightly kicks the air with her toes.
Masaya: Notice what?
Mashiro: Whatever... I'll step out and check the sky. Be right back.
She heads toward the door, dragging her right foot dejectedly.
I guess she did want me to notice her earlier...
I was enjoying the relaxing atmosphere it provided, but that doesn't seem to have been the case for Mashiro.
In total, I spent over an hour working on her shoes.
As a result of that time investment, I was able to perfectly tune them... but at the cost of upsetting her. Sorry, Mashiro.
But at the very least, we now have something new to look forward to during our upcoming practice session with Takafuji.
Masaya: How was it?
Mashiro: It's basically just a light drizzle. Now's probably the best time to fly home.
Masaya: Cool, let's get going.
Mashiro: Hm...
Masaya: What, did you see something in the sky?
Mashiro: Oh, no. Just looking at the gray, cloudy sky today reminded me of something I wanted to do.
Masaya: What's that?
Mashiro: See a perfectly blue sky. The one you mentioned seeing before.
Masaya: ...Oh.
A perfectly blue sky is a sky void of any clear boundaries. It's a pure blue color throughout.
However, that sky only represents anguish and frustration to me.
Mashiro, though, apparently thinks it's something beautiful to marvel at. I must've used the wrong words when I mentioned it to her.
Masaya: I'll show you if I ever spot one.
Mashiro: Really?! Please do! Promise me you will!
Masaya: Sure.
To be perfectly honest, I never want to see that sky again. I want to throw that memory in the back of my mind and forget all about it.
That's the reason behind my empty promise to her. I want to hurry up and move to a different topic.
Masaya: Speaking of which, I already have two pretty important ongoing promises with you, don't I?
Mashiro: Do you remember them?
Masaya: Well, yeah. I'd never forget something so important.
They both happened after the summer tournament.
Mashiro: The first is getting Misaki-senpai to rejoin as a player, while the second is...
Masaya: Getting you a proper win.
Mashiro: Nice, you actually remembered!
Masaya: We'll have a prime opportunity to get you that one during the upcoming practice session with Takafuji.
Masaya: At this point, I think you have it in you. I'm not going to say "I'll help you win" anymore, since I know you can do it on your own.
Mashiro: Y-You're exaggerating... really.
Masaya: I meant everything I said, Mashiro. No need to be humble.
Mashiro: Still, none of these matches will be official... Does that still count?
Masaya: A lot of those Takafuji Skywalkers will be tougher than people you'll face in an official match. But, well, I guess I'll leave the decision to you. Do you want it to count?
Mashiro: As long as they're not a complete beginner, I guess it can.
Masaya: Honestly, if you ask me, I'd say you could even beat Satouin-san.
Mashiro: Whaaaaaat?! No way, you're crazy! I could <i>never</i> beat her!
Mashiro: Do you not remember how badly she stomped me at the tournament?!
Mashiro: Sure, I've practiced a lot since then, but so has she! It's not that easy to beat someone in FC!
Masaya: The fact that you understand that is more telling than you think, Mashiro. She's still better than you, but there <i>is</i> a possibility that you can beat her.
Masaya: Of course, I'll find that possibility for you no matter what, but with all the hard work and effort you've been putting into practice, you've made that chance a lot greater.
Masaya: Can you take my word on that?
Mashiro: Well, I guess... I do trust you.
Masaya: Thanks, Mashiro.
Hearing that is a little heartwarming, to be honest.
Masaya: Then again, it's not guaranteed that you'll go up against her. It could be anyone.
If anything, the odds of her specifically running into Satouin-san are low.
Shindou-san is gone now, so Satouin-san is theoretically their strongest Skywalker. We would have to put forward Asuka to match her.
Mashiro: I'm not sure if I'd be happier to get someone else.
The fact that she no longer considers it a blessing to be placed up against a weaker opponent is proof that she's becoming a real Skywalker.
Masaya: We're probably guaranteed clear weather this weekend because of the typhoon passing.
Masaya: Let's do our best to knock out that promise, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Yeah!
Now that we've had this discussion, I have something I need to confess to her...
Masaya: So, um...
Mashiro: What?
Masaya: ...Make sure to give your right leg a good massage before then.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: Wait, so you <i>did</i> notice that I was kicking you!
Masaya: ...Yeah.
I avert my eyes.
Mashiro: ...as punishment, then.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: Massage my right leg as punishment, then.
Masaya: What?!
Mashiro: Look, it's just as embarrassing for me!
Mashiro: But if I end up with a cramp in my right calf tomorrow, I know you'll feel guilty. I could tell you a million times it's not your fault, but you wouldn't listen. Am I wrong?
Masaya: No, you're not...
Mashiro: Then give me a nice, thorough massage to help me avoid any cramps.
Masaya: Just asking for curiosity's sake... but this is partly your way of getting revenge, right?
Mashiro: I don't forgive easy.
I give up.
Which leads us to...
Mashiro: Ah, ahhh...!
Masaya: Quit moaning! You're making this awkward!
Mashiro: I-I can't control myself! You're just touching my legs so softly and...  Mmm!
Masaya: How much longer do I have to go?
Ultimately...
I massage her leg for twice the length of time I spent tuning her Grav Shoes.
Mashiro: Ahhh...
Mashiro: What a beautiful day. Nice clear post-storm weather.
Mashiro: It kind of feels like the sky has its own moods and facial expressions... But if Misaki-senpai were here and heard me say that, she'd probably just sigh and shake her head.
Mashiro: It feels nice being up this early for a change. This is earlier than I ever used to wake up.
Mashiro: Right leg's feeling just fine. Perfect! It has to be because Senpai gave me such a...
Mashiro: Ugh...
Mashiro: Stop remembering that, Mashiro! You already spent long enough thinking back on it in your room yesterday. It's time to focus on practice!
Mashiro: Let's just take a deep breath...
Mashiro: I need to work twice as hard to make up for practice being rained out yesterday. But in moderation. I don't want to go too hard and hurt myself. That'd be rude to Masaya-senpai after what he...
Mashiro: What he did for me...
Mashiro: Ugh, seriously?! I'm stuck! I'm trapped in an endless loop! Stop me, mister referee!
Mashiro: Okay, what should I start my practice with...?
Mashiro: Ah!
Satouin: What have you even spent your practice time doing? Honestly, I'm beyond disappointed.
This is a dream.
I'm on the beachside, at the Takafuji practice location.
We went to the practice session in high spirits, confident after all our results during practice, but we were utterly crushed.
Shindou: ...I expected far better things from you.
I know this is a dream because of the harsh words being directed at me. These two are kind, and they'd never say those things to a person's face.
But reality has a funny way of making you eat your words at times.
The world doesn't play fair. It doesn't coddle you and give you what you want. If you take everything at face value, you'll suffer the consequences at some point.
Right when you think you've reached the highest peak, someone will come up behind you, knock you down, and soar higher.
Here it is again.
This entirely blue world.
Anguish, frustration, sorrow... This color is the embodiment of all the negative emotions from my past.
No matter how much I try to move on, it continues to haunt me like a ghost.
There's a soft, sensitive section of my heart deep down where my trauma lives.
If I put too much pressure on it and reawaken those dormant memories, pain comes surging forth like a current.
Why did I choose to run away that day? Why didn't I face it head-on, and overcome it?
Because of my cowardly actions, I can no longer pour my heart into anything.
I'm scared of devoting myself to something only to be betrayed. I'm scared of hearing those cursed words... "This is as far as your talent will take you."
I keep trying and trying and trying...
Trying to break through these chains.
But all I do is suffer.
Can I change?
Will I be able to move on for good this time?
Will I finally be freed from this blue nightmare?
I...
Mashiro: You lied to me.
Masaya: Ngh?!
I wake up and find myself in my room.
Masaya: Haaah... Haaah...!
I was just asleep, so why am I panting like I just ran a marathon?
And my whole body is covered in sweat.
Masaya: Man, this isn't a good sign...
The fears and anxieties I manage to suppress while awake always manifest when I fall asleep, without fail.
I didn't realize how much the upcoming practice session with Takafuji must've been stressing me out.
Maybe eventually that blue sky will come to haunt me outside of my dreams.
For instance, if our practice matches against Takafuji don't go well...
Masaya: I guess I am a liar.
Masaya: Man, that really hurt to hear...
If she actually said that to my face, I doubt I'd be able to recover.
Masaya: Hm...?
That's when I happen to notice something.
A tapping sound... Wait, someone's knocking on my window!
Shit!
I check my clock. It's not even six yet.
At least the knocker seems considerate enough. They're knocking quietly to make sure no one other than me wakes up.
That's a relief. At least this person, whoever they are, doesn't seem to have bad intentions.
Oh, they just knocked two times. Guess they're getting impatient.
I slowly crawl out of my bed.
There's probably only one person it could be.
Masaya: Ichinose.
I walk toward the window, picturing my next door neighbor's face...
But still readying myself for it to be some pervert...
I pull back the curtain.
Mashiro: Ah!
Masaya: What?!
My visitor is neither Ichinose nor a pervert.
Masaya: M-Mashiro?! What are you doing here?
Mashiro: Shhh!
This situation is completely illogical, completely nonsensical, and that's not even accounting for the fact that this is a no-fly zone...
Yet there Mashiro is, flying outside my window in the wee hours of the morning, placing her index finger up against her mouth.
I'm not really sure what to think about the person who was just knocking on my window telling <i>me</i> to be quiet, but I lower my voice anyway.
Mashiro: Phew, I'm glad that worked... I don't have my phone on me, so this was about my only option.
Masaya: Um, that's not telling me <i>why</i> you're here.
Mashiro: Oh, we need to hurry! Otherwise, we won't make it in time!
Masaya: Wait, are you even listening to me?
Mashiro: Just hurry up and get ready. We need to get going!
Masaya: And where are we going, exactly?!
Mashiro: I'll explain on the way, so put on your Grav Shoes!
Masaya: Ugh, fine!
I head downstairs to the doorway in order to fetch my shoes.
It feels weird putting on Grav Shoes in my room, but...
Mashiro: You need to hurry, I mean it! We'll <i>definitely</i> miss it if you take any longer!
Masaya: Just hold on! I'm coming!
I throw down a magazine on the ground and activate my Grav Shoes on top of it.
Mashiro: Let's go, Senpai!
Masaya: Okay... FLY!
I fly out the window and chase after Mashiro.
......
Rika: ......
Rika: ...Was that a voice I just heard?
Rika: Hm, maybe I'm just hearing things...
Rika: But Hinata-san's curtain <i>is</i> open... and that voice sounded strangely familiar...
Masaya: So, can you tell me where we're going now, Mashiro? It's barely after sunrise.
Mashiro: I'll tell you when we get there, so just fly as fast as you can.
Masaya: But you said you'd explain on the way...
Apparently the airflow produced by our high-speed flight drowned out my words. Oh well. Not that it matters.
Now that I look at her, though...
I've thought about this before, but man, she's gotten so much better at flying.
She could probably outfly me if she went at max speed right now, even.
I'm glad to see she's improved so much, but I still have to wonder how it all happened so quickly.
There's no way our normal practice sessions are enough to explain that...
Mashiro: We're here!
We reach our destination as I'm lost in thought.
Masaya: Where are we...?
I didn't realize, but apparently we were flying towards Mashiro's place.
Or at least, that's what I can tell from the townscape below us. However, other than that, nothing else is sticking out to me.
Mashiro: Wrong direction, Senpai. Look this way.
Masaya: Where...?
I turn in the direction of her voice reflexively...
Masaya: Whoa...
I unintentionally gasp out in awe.
The first thing I notice is the pristine, white morning light.
Those strong, bright rays blur everything else in my field of view for a split second.
And when I focus my eyes again, what I see is a beautiful azure.
The cloudless sky is such a pure color that it seems to blend with the glistening blue sea beneath it. Both of them stretch onward, seemingly into infinity.
Mashiro: So, what do you think?
Masaya: It's so beautiful.
Those are my honest thoughts.
Mashiro: I know, right? It's a perfectly blue sky.
Masaya: Ah!
After she says that, I finally understand what this is about.
Mashiro wanted to show me this scene.
It all stems from the misunderstanding I gave that a "perfectly blue" sky is something beautiful and majestic.
She doesn't know about the anguish, pain, and self-loathing that this sight festers in me.
Mashiro: ...I'm sorry.
Masaya: Huh...?
Mashiro: I guess this isn't the kind of perfectly blue sky you were talking about.
Masaya: What makes you think that?
Mashiro: I don't see you smiling.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: When I went out this morning and saw this, I thought it had to be it. Since, well, the sky was never this perfect any other morning.
Wait, what? Any <i>other</i> morning?
Mashiro: I just had the thought you might want to see this, so I zoomed right over to you.
Mashiro: Ahhh, I guess that was kind of silly...
Mashiro: I'm sorry for dragging you out here this early...
Masaya: Thanks, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: Sorry, I wasn't unimpressed or anything. The nostalgia just hit me all at once. You really found it, Mashiro. This is <i>exactly</i> what I was talking about.
I can see it in my mind.
Mashiro rushing over to my house, first thing in the morning, carrying this scenery in her arms like it's a hidden treasure she's found.
But that begs the question, how did she discover this?
Mashiro let something slip earlier. About how she hadn't seen this on "any other mornings."
That makes me think she's been getting up early and practicing by herself.
Alternatively, she could just be someone who takes walks in the morning. But considering Mashiro's unusual spike in improvement lately, I'd say that isn't it.
Masaya: This really is a beauty. Probably even more stunning than the one I saw.
That goes without saying. It's infinitely more beautiful than the blue sky that traumatized me.
Mashiro: Um... really? You don't mind me dragging you out here?
I almost wish I could layer this image over the sky from my memories.
This is the sky I want to reside in my heart.
Masaya: Not at all. In fact, I feel like I owe you one.
I've considered the possibility that she knows I'm lying.
But I want to place my trust in this beautiful sky I'm gazing at with her, and maybe those genuine feelings of mine have reached her...
Mashiro: ...You don't seem that amazed.
Masaya: I'm just not a very expressive guy, so you should stop giving me that pouty face.
Mashiro: I'm not making a pouty face!
Masaya: I don't know if I've told you, Mashiro...
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: But I used to play FC when I was a kid.
Mashiro: Oh...
She audibly gasps.
And I'm just as surprised. Those words didn't come out intentionally.
I know Mashiro probably doesn't expect me to give her anything in return for showing me this.
But still, I want to do something to repay her kindness.
And that's why those words escape my mouth.
Because I want this scene to be etched into my heart forever.
I want the blue sky of my past to be no more.
Mashiro: I already knew that.
Masaya: Well, people hailed me as some kind of child prodigy, so I guess it's no surprise if word got around.
I'm not trying to go anywhere with this. I'm essentially just telling her this to ramble.
Maybe she doesn't even care to hear about it.
If I see any indication of that, I'll stop. It'd be easier for me that way. After all, this is something I've never spoken to anyone about.
I'm most sensitive when it comes to this issue, and I avoid stirring up past wounds when I can.
Mashiro: Well, there is that, but I also caught on to a few hints you gave.
Mashiro: Do you remember that incident from a couple weeks back? You know, the one Minori instigated.
Masaya: What'd Hosaka do?
Mashiro: That prank thing or whatever, with the cat ears...
...Oh, right. That explains why she was beating around the bush.
Masaya: "Meow! Meow!"
Mashiro: Ugh!
Mashiro: "Haha. Aren't you just the cutest little thing?"
Masaya: Ugh!
Masaya: Wait, are you <i>sure</i> I said that? There's no way in hell I actually did!
Mashiro: Oh, don't worry! You <i>definitely</i> did! How many times do you think I've replayed that--!
Masaya: Replayed what?
Mashiro: I accidentally said the wrong word! Big deal! Look, I know you don't want to talk about this, so can we move on?
Masaya: No complaints here.
Continuing down this topic likely won't do me any good, so I nod.
Mashiro: So, you know how she recorded a video and gave it to me? There was data from another video on there with it.
Masaya: What was it?
I realize something. This means she actually opened that video and watched it...
But her response makes me forget about that in an instant.
Mashiro: It was an FC match... from when you still played.
Masaya: What?!
My heart stops for a brief moment, but I quickly regain my composure.
Masaya: Well... I guess I should've expected that, since we were talking about it before that.
Hosaka must've dug it up.
Mashiro: I'm sorry.
Masaya: I don't see why you need to apologize for that.
Mashiro: I still watched the video without your permission. And I'm pretty sure that isn't something you wanted people to see.
Masaya: It's fine. I can't stop people from watching videos I don't own.
I'm well aware that she isn't apologizing because of that.
But, for some reason, my heart feels oddly relaxed.
Masaya: ...Okay, to be fair, it does sting a little.
However, because of that, I'm able to readily admit to it.
Masaya: But yeah, that was who I was.
Masaya: After I quit FC, people used to say I seemed mature and aloof, but honestly, I was just scared of becoming passionate about something again.
Masaya: The fall was only as painful as it was because of how good I was at FC, and how much I loved it.
Masaya: Sorry, I know it's a lame story.
Mashiro: Before we started playing FC, I had those same impressions of you. Mature, aloof. I thought you were just some pretty boy with an ego who had his eyes on Misaki-senpai.
Masaya: Wow, <i>really?</i>
Mashiro: But that was before I actually got to know you. Now I think you're a great guy.
That's a good thing, I guess?
Mashiro: To be honest, I think you're... kind of cool.
Masaya: ...Man, it's been so long since I last heard someone say that to me.
I used to get it a lot when I was younger. That's understandable, though, since I was a popular guy.
Mashiro: Really? I hear Asuka-senpai say it all the time.
Masaya: Well, you know her. She's got a little bit of a biased opinion of me.
Mashiro: ...You should really ask yourself <i>why</i> that is.
Masaya: What'd you say?
Mashiro: Oh, nothing. Just talking to myself... I can't let myself play into the hands of my rival.
Masaya: Hm?
She keeps whispering these things to herself, and I'm not hearing any of it.
It doesn't seem to be anything mean-spirited, but not knowing makes me feel restless.
Mashiro: When you were a kid, you seemed really... strong? I don't know if that's the right word for it, but...
Masaya: ...Oh, you don't have to sugarcoat it. Just say I was a snot-nosed little brat.
It's the truth. The only exception was around Aoi-san. I acted like I was king of the world around everyone else.
I get embarrassed just thinking about it, so I try not to.
Mashiro: If you want my honest opinion...
Mashiro: I think you're much, much better the way you are.
Masaya: Thanks for saying that.
I really needed to hear that.
Mashiro: ...I just don't understand what it's like to be talented.
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: I'd been feeling kind of down in the dumps when I watched that video. Mainly because of my lack of skill.
Mashiro: Then I had a bit of a one-on-one talk with Asuka, who I thought had the talent I lacked.
Masaya: What'd she tell you?
Mashiro: It was a private conversation between girls. I'm not telling you that.
Masaya: Well, I'm pretty darn curious.
Mashiro: It was surprisingly normal, all things considered.
Masaya: Well, yeah. Talented people are just like the rest of us. They smile when they win, and they get upset and frustrated when they lose.
Mashiro: ......
She just takes my response in silence.
I guess she's trying to be considerate by not asking me too many personal questions.
But that might just be why I want to tell her everything.
I imagine the questions that are on her mind, and respond.
Masaya: I don't know why I took that loss as hard as I did.
Or maybe I just want someone to listen.
I want her to hear my story, then give me some sort of response.
Mashiro: FC is a competitive sport. Everyone plays to win.
Mashiro: That's probably why everyone craves winning so much, and why losses are as devastating as they are, no?
Masaya: Yeah.
I went all this time not understanding.
Was I upset because a complete beginner was doing so well? Did the fact that they had raw talent that I didn't anger me? Or was it something different?
Then again, you can't always try to explain emotions with logic.
Losing feels bad, plain and simple. It's the same for everyone.
Mashiro: But say you fought a match against an opponent who you shared a mutual respect with. If you both played your hearts out, and ended the match without any regrets...
Mashiro: Then I think you'd probably be capable of smiling and giving someone a thumbs up, even if you lost.
Masaya: Hm, that sounds kind of dumb.
Mashiro: How is it dumb?! You see scenes like that come up all the time in manga and games!
Masaya: Well, I'm not sure I'm a kind person who can do that.
Mashiro: Well, I don't care. I'll give you a thumbs up after my match regardless of whether you like it or not. After all, we're a team.
Masaya: Don't say that, Mashiro. You're gonna jinx yourself.
Mashiro: Hm, I guess that is true. I don't want that.
She sinks into thought for a few seconds, but then her face lights up.
Mashiro: I know the perfect thing!
Masaya: What?
Mashiro: A good lu-- Ahem. A reward!
Masaya: Okay?
Mashiro: My mom gave me the idea when I was talking to her a couple days back. Like, if I manage to do X thing, you'll give me Y thing.
Masaya: Oh, so dangling the carrot in front of the horse.
Mashiro: Yes. And I've decided on a reward from you.
Masaya: I'm the one giving you this reward?!
Mashiro: I'm going to make you do it. Whether you like it or not.
Masaya: Uh, you're <i>really</i> scaring me here... But fine, I'll do it.
Mashiro: Of course you will. Do it for your cute little junior.
Masaya: Just don't make it <i>too</i> expensive, please.
Mashiro: Don't worry. It won't be a monetary prize.
Masaya: I can't get you real diamond jewelry, okay?
Mashiro: You think I'm a superficial girl who likes expensive jewelry?
Apparently I was wrong.
Not that I honestly thought she'd want expensive jewelry, but the idea of her asking me for a fancy ring or something just seemed a little cute.
Mashiro: I know I'm just sort of imposing this on you, so... feel free to say no if you don't feel up to it.
I'm not sure I'll be able to with that sad face she's giving me...
Masaya: Okay. Tell me what it is, and I'll think about it.
Mashiro: You don't have to think long and hard about it. Just give me a silent nod, and that'll be good.
Masaya: So I'm not free to say no...
I let out a brief sigh and shrug my shoulders.
Masaya: Well, we've gotta get that win first, anyway.
Mashiro: Yep... We'll get it!
If that comes true...
I know this perfectly blue sky will become a lasting memory.
I'm not scared anymore.
This beautiful, azure world is only inhabited right now by me...
And Mashiro...
...And Mashiro's mom.
......
Masaya: ...Huh?
Botan: Oh, I was just going to ask if you'd like some riceballs. I made some for breakfast, you see.
Mashiro: M-MOM?! What are you doing here?!
Botan: Well, you were the one who told me I was free to come watch you in the mornings and evenings during your practice.
Masaya: ...You're practicing in the evening too?
Mashiro: Did I? Okay, yeah, I did! Fine! Wait, that was supposed to be a secret! Don't tell him!
Botan: Sorry about that... Oh, hello there, Hinata-kun. It's been a while, hasn't it? Feel free to have one.
Masaya: Oh, um... Sure, thanks.
Mashiro: Hey! Why are you handing him some?!
Botan: No need to feel shy. Go on, just close your eyes and take a bite.
Masaya: Right...
Mashiro: Don't you just eat it, Senpai!
Masaya: Mmm... The filling is... udon?
Botan: You got it!
Mashiro: Why did you have to choose this morning to come, Mom?!
The weekend is now here.
Kunahama FC Club: Thank you for allowing us to come practice with you.
Takafuji FC Club: The pleasure is all ours.
Masaya: Thank you for allowing us to come practice with you.
Asuka: Thank you for allowing us to come practice with you.
Mashiro: Thank you for allowing us to come practice with you.
Madoka: Thank you for allowing us to come practice with you.
Rika: The pleasure is all ours.
Satouin: The pleasure is all ours.
Shindou: The pleasure is all ours.
We're currently at Takafuji Academy, ready to start our joint practice session.
Satouin: Let us begin, then!
After the signal from Takafuji's new president, the players fly off in a flock.
Shindou: She's been showing quite the display of determination following my retirement.
Masaya: I'm not surprised.
Shindou-san led with pure charisma, but Satouin-san seems to have a knack for raising the morale of the team.
Shindou: I believe she's trying her best to restore Takafuji's reputation as the powerhouse after my pitiful performance at the summer tournament.
Shindou-san was the undisputed champion for years, up until this year... when he was blown of the water by a no-name Skywalker from Kairyou. It's sounds bad when you put it like that, but it's basically the truth.
It was the biggest upset to hit this region in a long, long time. It was even covered by internet news outlets.
Masaya: Shindou-san, don't say that. You put up a respectable performance.
Shindou: Well, ultimately, I was the one who lost to Saki Inui. It wasn't Kairyou's triumph over Takafuji.
Shindou: I believe Satou-kun will prove that.
Masaya: You've left the club in capable hands.
Shindou: Indeed. It even makes me feel a bit sad.
Shindou: How about you? I know you still have one year left, but do you have any potential successors?
Masaya: Well, we only have one first-year in our club.
Shindou: Arisaka-kun was her name, right?
Masaya: Yeah... I haven't given it much thought, but I guess I am a little bit concerned about the club's future...
Masaya: It'd be nice to see her as the president leading a new batch of members.
Shindou: I guess we both have a few regrets.
Masaya: Well, like you said, I still have a year left.
Shindou: Sometimes I wish I'd been born a year later.
Masaya: And that isn't a regret?
Shindou: There's you, Satou-kun, Inui-kun, Kurashina-kun, Tobisawa-kun... Oh, I forgot that she actually retired.
Masaya: Yes.
Misaki didn't show up today.
Shindou: Haaah... I'm fairly jealous...
Masaya: You sure are quick to admit things.
Shindou: There's no shame to admitting your honest feelings.
We both share a smile.
Masaya: You'll be missed.
Shindou: Thank you.
Then, we share a handshake.
It's now past noon.
We separated the players based on playstyle, like we did last time. I've already been to the All-Rounders and Fighters, and am now working with the last group, the Speeders.
Masaya: So, give me ten High Yo-Yos.
Honestly, it feels strange practicing in such large groups after it's been just three people for so long.
You can still help people out individually, but it's next to impossible to keep your eyes on everyone.
They have almost ten managers who share the workload, but leading such a large group must've still been tough for Shindou-san.
Practice is practically one-on-one sessions at Kunahama, which is nothing at all like Takafuji's style. I can really see why our methods are much more effective.
In all fairness, though, I highly doubt Takafuji is showing us all of their cards.
Mashiro: Senpai!
Masaya: What's up, Mashiro?
Mashiro: I think I just realized something really crazy.
Masaya: I'm listening.
Mashiro: Just between the two of us...
She draws closer to me.
Mashiro: I think I've actually gotten pretty good at FC.
This is apparently some shocking revelation to her.
Masaya: Of course you're good. I knew that.
Mashiro: Ah!
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: ...Why're you just standing there?
Mashiro: I'm just not used to hearing that.
Hm...? Oh, okay.
I was just thinking about how our one-on-one methods are superior, but I overlooked one very obvious downside.
Mashiro doesn't have anyone to compare herself to.
Actually, she does have someone. But it's Asuka, which is even worse.
I know Mashiro's working her hardest. She wants to get better day by day, and continually learn new things.
That's not something everyone can do.
Mashiro: I've been used to things not working out my whole life.
It seems her stagnant relationship with Misaki is a major contributor to her low self-esteem.
Masaya: Did you forget our promise?
Mashiro: No, I will win! For sure! But it's just...
She's still having trouble believing in herself.
She may be able to acknowledge the work she's put in, but she's had little to no opportunities to see the fruits of that effort.
So the answer's simple. I just have to give her the confidence she needs.
Masaya: I wasn't trying to hide it from you or anything, so I'll say it again. You've gotten good, Mashiro.
Mashiro: I sure hope so.
Masaya: If you want my unbiased opinion, I'd say you're on par with Takafuji's best... Some people already have their eyes on you.
Mashiro: Huh?
They've undoubtedly recognized her as a potential threat.
They've mostly been collecting data on Asuka today, but you can tell more people have been assigned to Mashiro over the course of the day.
Still, saying she's on par with Takafuji's best might be a bit of an overstatement for now.
Mashiro: Do you think they'll go easy on me during the practice match if I pretend to have a stomachache throughout the rest of our practice?
Masaya: Why do you have so little confidence in yourself...?
Mashiro: It's not that, I just want to win the match no matter what!
Masaya: Because of the reward?
Mashiro: Yeah, so I hope you're prepared.
Masaya: I don't know if I want to be...
What is she going to ask for? My blood?
Alternatively it could be to keep a ten meter distance from Misaki at all times.
Masaya: You know what I think, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Yeah?
Masaya: I think it's about time for you to be rewarded for your efforts.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: And not just because of all the work you've been putting in lately, either. You've been giving the club 110% ever since we first started.
Masaya: I could tell you were putting in just as much effort as Misaki and Asuka.
Masaya: It's your time, Mashiro. You deserve to be happy.
Mashiro: Senpai...
She looks up at me and says...
Mashiro: That line totally sounded like foreshadowing for my eventual loss.
Masaya: You've been playing way too many games...
Mashiro: Well, I still feel kind of conflicted when you say I deserve to be rewarded.
Mashiro: ...You're also part of all this.
Masaya: Right. We're fighting together.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: I'm going to give this match everything I have, so I want you to do the same. And I don't just mean this match, but also what comes after.
Masaya: Uh, what's coming after it, exactly?
Mashiro: That's for you to find out. Anyway, I'll tone it down a bit for the rest of practice.
Masaya: So you still wanna go through with that...? Not sure it's such a good idea.
Mashiro: What do you mean?
Masaya: Look.
Rika: ......
Ichinose's been watching our conversation for a while now.
Mashiro: Ichinose-san?
Masaya: I mean, it doesn't seem like she's trying to eavesdrop, but there's definitely a reason why she's staring.
Mashiro: What does she want, though...?
Masaya: My guess would be she's trying to judge your skill and see how much you've improved since she last saw you.
Mashiro: Wh-What? No way.
Masaya: Well, we can just go ask her. Hey, Ichinose... Ngh?!
Mashiro: S-Senpai! What are you doing?! Shut up! Shhh!
Masaya: What are <i>you</i> doing?! How'd that warrant you jumping me...?
Rika: I thought so...
Rika: Ah!
Ichinose covers her mouth like she's said something she didn't mean to.
Mashiro: Did you hear her say that too?!
Masaya: People say that those with skill can recognize it in others. Maybe she's figured out your skill.
Mashiro: What about me saying "shhh" would give her that information?
Masaya: Maybe the way you jumped at me reminded her of Grace Aris, the legendary American Skywalker?
Mashiro: I've never heard that name in my life!
Rika: ......
Masaya: Oh, Ichinose left.
Mashiro: Ugh... Maybe she discovered some hidden weakness of mine?
Masaya: I sure hope not. Guess I'll go ask her myself.
Mashiro: Um, if you don't mind...
Masaya: You wanna join me?
Mashiro: ...Yeah.
The two of us head after Ichinose to see what she meant by that comment.
Rika: Well... I'm not sure if I'm really comfortable saying.
She throws a glance at Mashiro, then me, before awkwardly looking to the side.
Masaya: Don't worry, Ichinose. We won't mind.
Mashiro: If you noticed something, please tell us. Even if you think it's insignificant.
Rika: I feel like we're on different pages here.
Mashiro: So...
That just makes things <i>more</i> confusing.
But the question is what exactly she was referring to. Is she implying our practice methods are wrong? A fundamental flaw in Mashiro's playstyle? Or is there something everyone else gets, but we don't?
Rika: I guess I didn't make myself clear enough...
Mashiro: Tell us, please, Ichinose-san!
Masaya: I know it's hard to give criticism to a friend, but could you please tell us? We want to improve.
Rika: ...Okay. If you want to hear it, I'll tell you. But feel free to stop me at any point.
Her tone sounds pretty stern. Did we overlook something critical?
Masaya: A little bit of criticism isn't going to demotivate us. Isn't that right, Mashiro?
Mashiro: You said it! We won't stop doing what we love, no matter what!
Rika: Oh, wow... I had no idea the two of you were so... close.
She seems to be taken aback by the level of our trust.
Rika: But, look, could I at least ask you to be a little less brazen about it in public...?
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: Brazen about what?
By the time Mashiro and I realize the disconnect, it's already too late.
Rika: I guess it's only natural for kids our age to want to spend the night at their significant other's house... Well, I don't know that personally. But anyway, you might want to be more considerate of your surroundings to keep from getting caught...
Masaya: Spending the night at their significant other's... What?
Mashiro: Wh-Where did this come from?!
Rika: Huh? Didn't you spend the night at his house three days ago, Arisaka-san? I heard you outside my window saying "Shhh" when you left early the following morning.
Mashiro: You think I was leaving after spending the night there?!
Masaya: ......
Right. <i>That</i> morning...
Rika: Still, I never knew you two were going steady. Honestly, the fact that you're so determined to keep doing it because you love each other is kind of romantic. I'm jealous.
Mashiro: We've never done that! Not yet! Not even once yet!
Masaya: You saying "not yet" only makes her think we're going to eventually...
Well, at least it wasn't some criticism of Mashiro's FC play...
With all members of Takafuji and Kunahama collectively staring at us, I opt to ignore reality and take my mind elsewhere.
Before long, it's time for the much-anticipated practice matches.
Satouin: I will not let you get the best of me today, Asuka Kurashina!
Asuka: I've also improved tons! I'm not going down without a fight!
Asuka's opponent is going to be Satouin-san. One might call those two rivals at this point. Since we only have two active players, though, that means only two matches total.
They'll be going second.
Our first match is between none other than...
Mashiro: I kind of expected this.
Rika: Here's to a good match.
It's a Speeder versus Speeder battle between Mashiro and Ichinose.
Mashiro: Haaah...
Masaya: What's that sigh for? Scared about going up against Ichinose?
Mashiro: No, I'm not losing to her. I'm going to clutch out this win, no matter what.
Looks like her spirit is still burning strong. But it could just be an act of desperation.
Masaya: See, you only know how good she is, but I know where both of you lie at, skillwise.
Mashiro: Ngh!
Masaya: Trust me, you're just as good as her.
Mashiro: I trust your word.
Masaya: Thanks, Mashiro.
Satouin: The first match will begin in ten minutes!
Satouin-san's announcement echoes around the beachside.
We're going up against her and Ichinose...
Masaya: Madoka, give me Ichinose and Satouin-san's scoring data.
Madoka: Way ahead of you, pal!
Masaya: Nice, thanks. Okay, let's start with a pre-game meeting. Asuka, Mashiro, come over--
Takafuji Girls: Do you have a moment?
Just as we're about to get started, a girl from Takafuji approaches me.
Masaya: Yes. How can I help you?
Takafuji Girls: We've been told that there's a girl at the school building who claims to be with Kunahama.
Masaya: A student from our school?
Asuka: Do you think it's Misaki-chan?
Asuka's seems happy about the possibility.
Mashiro: Maybe she changed her mind...?
Madoka: Could also be that one girl. You know, the one in the Broadcasting club. The one who doesn't stand out very much.
Masaya: Hosaka?
Could be. She came here during our last practice session for interviews.
Masaya: So what do you want us for?
Takafuji Girls: The girl isn't in her uniform, and has nothing to identify her as a Kunahama student. Security is considering calling the police if they don't find any way of confirming her identity.
Masaya: Definitely don't want that.
What the hell are they doing?
I get the feeling this is Misaki...
She's already been here once before, so I could easily see her trying to sneak in with her Grav Shoes because entering through the school is too much of a hassle.
Madoka: If it's urgent, you might want to go instead of me, Hinata-kun.
Right. I can fly a lot faster than she can.
It's smarter for me to go if we're pressed on time, but I'd likely miss the match...
I'd be leaving Mashiro all alone...
Mashiro: Go, Senpai!
But apparently she's willing to prioritize Misaki in this situation. She urges me on without a second thought.
Mashiro: If you don't make it back in time for my match, I'll have Asuka-senpai be my second.
Asuka: I will if we have no choice...
Mashiro: Who knows, maybe we'll be an ever better team.
I guess we don't have time to argue.
Madoka: I'll go ask Satouin-san if we can delay the start of the match by a bit.
Before Madoka can dart off, I try to say something to her.
Masaya: Ask her if we can switch the order of the--?!
Mashiro pulls back on my arm hard.
Mashiro: No.
Masaya: But Mashiro...
Mashiro: What?
Mashiro: You're Asuka-senpai's second too. What if she has to play without you and loses to Satouin-san?
Masaya: Well...
Masaya: Ugh...!
Madoka: Hinata-kun?
Masaya: ...Sorry, forget it. Go on. Both of us need to hurry.
Mashiro: Here, how about we make a promise. I'll win for sure, so get back as quick as you can to see my moment of glory.
Mashiro's telling me to go, and I've already decided to do this, but I still can't help but doubt this decision.
Is it because I'm her second? Her coach?
Why am I so fixated on her?
Mashiro: See you soon, Senpai.
I have a promise to fulfill.
Masaya: I'll rush back so I can see you win with my own two eyes.
Masaya: FLY!
I launch off and head toward the school building.
......
Asuka: Are you really fine with me being your second, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: It'll be fine. I prepared a whole lot for this day.
Mashiro: Senpai told me that I'm just as good as she is, and I believe him.
Asuka: Mashiro-chan...
Mashiro: I'm counting on you, Asuka-senpai.
Asuka: Of course! I've actually played against Rika-chan, so I'm sure I can give you some good pointers!
Madoka: Guuuys! I'm finally baaaaaack! Did you miss me?! Uh, wait. Where'd Hinata-kun go?
Asuka: He went to the school building already.
Mashiro: Were you able delay the match...?
Madoka: Unfortunately, no. She said we don't have much time left, so pushing things back might make it harder to get things like this approved in the future.
Asuka: Oh...
Satouin: I would most certainly love to allow you the time needed, but unfortunately, that simply is not an option.
Asuka: I didn't know Satouin-san herself was here!
Madoka: Yeah, she followed me back.
Satouin: Do not talk about me like I'm some lonely spirit.
Satouin: As I said, I hate to do this to you, but if we do not start the match in five minutes as scheduled, we will run out of time. Once again, I sincerely apologize.
Madoka: No, don't apologize! We understand!
Asuka: It's not your fault!
Mashiro: Senpai...
It doesn't take long for the building to come into view.
Masaya: Okay, now which of those two is it...?
I quickly spot a girl standing near the school gate with a man who seems to be the security guard.
Masaya: That's gotta be them...!
Arika: Oh, Hinata-senpai! Hey!
Masaya: Okoze...?
She's the last person I expected to see.
Or maybe Okoze isn't the person mentioned, and she just happens to be here as well... Actually, that's even less likely.
Masaya: ...Sir. I know this girl.
The guard questions me about her identity. I don't want to drag this situation out any longer, so I purposefully omit the fact that she isn't from our school.
She really does seem to be the one they were talking about...
I bow at the security guard as he leaves. Then, I look toward Okoze.
Masaya: What are you doing here?
I'm not even angry. At this point, I'm just really confused.
Arika: Well, um, something seemed up from the text Mashiro sent me last night, and I've been looking for her since this morning...
Okoze mutters her reply in a hushed tone.
Masaya: Well, I don't have time, so you'll have to tell me later.
Mashiro's match is probably already going on.
Masaya: Let's go back to the practice area.
Arika: I can't go. Um, Mashiro would probably yell at me...
Masaya: Why would she yell at you?
Arika: She probably wants me to stay out of her business... And I am butting in here.
Maybe that's why she purposefully concealed her identity?
Arika: Do you mind if I ask you a question?
Masaya: No.
Arika: Does Mashiro have someone she likes?
Masaya: Misaki, obviously.
That goes without saying.
Arika: No, sorry. I should've clarified. I'm talking about a crush. Should be a guy in her FC club.
Masaya: I'm the only man in it. Our old president was too, but he retired recently.
Arika: You're in a tug-of-war with her over Misaki-senpai, so it can't be you.
Masaya: Um, I'm what now?
Arika: So is it this president guy, then...?
Masaya: Mashiro, having a crush on him...?
Highly unlikely. Then again, there could be something about them that I haven't noticed.
Masaya: ...Is that the whole reason you came here? You're wasting my time. Bye. Try to think before you do something like this again.
I know she meant no harm, but I'm so irritated by all of this that I end up lashing out at her.
I have to hurry back.
Arika: Could I ask you to keep an eye out on Mashiro for me, Hinata-senpai?
Masaya: What for?
Arika: I feel like she's been pushing herself too hard lately.
Arika: My theory was that she developed a crush on someone in her club. That's why I was out looking for her and everything... Oh, sorry. I shouldn't take up more of your time.
Masaya: Are you worried she's going to hurt herself?
Arika: Well, I don't know, but I really don't like the thought of that.
Arika: I don't know what to say, but this, really...
She seems lost in thought.
Arika: Please take care of her!
She bows.
Masaya: ...Sure thing.
Arika: You really will?
Masaya: I am her coach. It's all a part of the job.
Arika: Thank you so much!
Arika: I never seem to be there for her when she needs someone the most...
Masaya: Hm?
Arika: Oh it's, nothing. Also, before I leave, um... I'd appreciate it if you didn't tell her I came here today.
Masaya: Why?
Arika: Well, she always gets mad at me and says I worry about her too much. Which isn't true, I swear! I just don't want her reading too much into things and getting the wrong idea.
Masaya: Okay.
I give her a nod. Her concern seems justified, at least to me.
Masaya: Well, I guess this is where we say goodbye. I have to get going.
Arika: Why're you in such a hurry?
Masaya: Mashiro has a match.
Arika: Huh?! Why are you here instead of with her, then?! You're her second, for crying out loud!
Masaya: You're the reason I'm stuck here instead of seconding her match!
It's almost like she completely forgot what she did. Ridiculous.
Enough of that, though. I need to hurry back to catch Mashiro's win.
I can't break my promise.
Mashiro: He promised me...
Asuka: Rika-chan is swooping down toward you, Mashiro-chan!
Rika: Dodge this!
Mashiro: Ah!
Asuka: O-Oh wow, that was close.
Mashiro: I'm good to go. I still have a lot in the tank...!
Asuka: The score's all tied up at 3:3. Whoever gains the momentum now is definitely going to win!
Mashiro: So you're saying we both have an even shot of taking this?
Asuka: Yeah, so keep in there and don't give in!
Mashiro: I'm pouring my heart into this match, more than anyone!
Asuka: Mashiro-chan! Rika-chan's closing in from below...!
Mashiro: I know, I can see her... Kgh!
Rika: I have to say, you've really surprised me.
Mashiro: Ichinose-san...! At least wait until the match is over...!
Rika: You're playing nothing like the Arisaka-san I knew. You're on a whole new level.
Mashiro: Sorry, but this win is mine...!
Rika: It's truly a shame you have so few players at Kunahama. It's painfully obvious that you have next to no experience playing against fellow Speeders.
Rika: Your movement is incredibly fluid and sharp, but you don't think ahead. Your responses to my actions are all subpar options at best.
Mashiro: Why are you...?
Rika: Asuka-san is your second for this match, isn't she? I can really tell. Your movements mimic those of an All-Rounder. Or rather, they mimic Asuka-san's.
Rika: I'm assuming Hinata-san was meant to be the one giving you those instructions...
Mashiro: Senpai...! Right, he's coming...!
Mashiro: Ahhhhhhhhh!
Rika: Kgh!
Asuka: That was a great counter-attack, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: I have something to say to you as well, Ichinose-san.
Rika: What is it?
Mashiro: You basically just jinxed your win by saying all that stuff! I thought I'd tell you that as a little parting gift before I kick you to the curb!
Rika: Doesn't pointing out a jinx usually have the reverse effect, though?
Mashiro: Oh, good point... Um, do you play video games?
Rika: I do. Not <i>too</i> much, but I do.
Mashiro: ...You know, we probably would've been really good friends if we met under different circumstances.
Rika: Don't say that. You usually only hear that line in endings where the protagonist and antagonist both-- What the?!
Mashiro: Almost had her...
Rika: Um, I'm having a hard time believing that friends thing. You're being ridiculously aggressive.
Mashiro: Something's waiting for me if I win this match, so I have to!
Rika: Something waiting for you...
Rika: Um, try to exercise moderation with Hinata-kun...
Mashiro: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Rika: No, forget I said that! I'm sorry! I'm <i>so</i> sorry!
Mashiro: ...He believes I can win this.
Mashiro: So I'm taking this thing if it's the last thing I do.
Masaya: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
I've finally arrived back.
As for the match...
Masaya: Damn, it just finished...
The field is empty.
Judging by how much time's passed, it's probably the break period between the matches.
That excursion took longer than I anticipated.
Even if I made it in time, though, rules forbid switching seconds mid-match.
I still wanted to make it. At least then I would've gotten to watch Mashiro win.
Right, what was the result...?
I'm about to make my way back to the Kunahama group when I see...
Masaya: Mashiro!
Mashiro: Hi, Senpai.
I pass by her. She seems to be going off somewhere.
Mashiro: Was it Misaki-senpai or Minori?
Masaya: It was actually just some miscommunication on their end. By the way, how'd the match go? Sorry I broke our promise...
Mashiro: Ah...
Masaya: ......
She doesn't look too pleased.
My mind immediately goes to the worst case scenario, and my chest tightens up.
Mashiro: Haha, just kidding.
Masaya: ...Huh?
Mashiro: Hehehe...
Mashiro: Look here!
Mashiro flashes me the biggest smile she can muster and gives me a thumbs up.
Masaya: I see... Thank god. I'm so proud of you, Mashiro.
I feel like dropping to my knees. It's like a giant weight has been lifted off my shoulders.
Mashiro: Oh, you're overreacting, Senpai. It's just a single match.
Masaya: No, Mashiro, you have no idea how--
Mashiro: We can talk later. You have a job to do first, don't you? Head over to Asuka-senpai.
Masaya: Right, I'll do that. Where are you headed?
Mashiro: ...Do you <i>want</i> me to say?
Masaya: Oh, sorry.
Her glare tells me all I need to know. The bathroom.
Masaya: Well, I'll see you in a bit.
Mashiro: Later.
I wave Mashiro goodbye and head over to the others.
Phew... I'm so, so glad she won.
Especially considering everything leading up to today.
But now comes the reward I promised her. I don't know if I should be afraid... Well, this is the least I can do for her.
Asuka: Masaya-san!
Masaya: Sorry I kept you waiting.
Asuka: Huh? I don't see Misaki-chan or Minori-chan. Did they not come with you?
Masaya: There was just a bit of miscommunication going on. Don't worry about it.
Madoka: Here's Satouin-san's data.
Masaya: Thanks.
I scan over Asuka's opponent's data one more time.
Masaya: Ready to do this, Asuka? Let's follow up on Mashiro's good performance!
Asuka: R-Right! She really played her heart out. I'll make sure to win my match and avenge her!
Masaya: That's the spirit.
...Hm?
Masaya: Wait...
Something about what she said felt off.
Madoka: It really was a close one. She lost the lead in the second half, but she kept hanging in there until the bitter end. I had a hard time keeping score because my palms were so sweaty.
Asuka: I've never seen someone so determined to win. I actually feel a little inspired now!
Masaya: Wait... Hold up, guys.
Masaya: I thought Mashiro won...?
I can't believe what I just heard.
Asuka and Madoka exchange a glance, then look back to me.
Asuka: Unfortunately not...
Madoka: Final result was 6:8. She really did put up a good fight.
No, wait.
This makes no sense. No goddamn sense at all.
She gave me a thumbs up...
Mashiro: "Then I think you'd probably be capable of smiling and giving someone a thumbs up, even if you lost."
Mashiro: "Well, I don't care. I'll give you a thumbs up after my match regardless of whether you like it or not. After all, we're a team."
She purposefully said that to trick me, dammit...!
That way, I wouldn't have to know that she really lost.
Wait, then where is she now?
Masaya: Ah!
My body acts faster than my brain. I want to search for her, but...
Madoka: Hinata-kun, what are you--?
Asuka: Where are you going, Masaya-san?
I'm forced to stop myself as I realize my job.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Nghhhhhh!
The frustration hits me like a tidal wave. I have to desperately hold back the urge to slam my fist into the sand as hard as I can.
So instead, I clench it until the skin on them turns white.
Masaya: Madoka, can you go check on Mashiro for me?
Madoka: What? She said she was going to the bathroom. Besides, I think we better leave her alone right now...
Masaya: I just want you to check if she's there or not. That's all.
Madoka: ...Fine. I'll go do that.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
...I can tell Asuka's worried about me. I bet my emotions are written all over my face.
Masaya: Kgh!
I slap both my hands against my face with vigor.
Asuka: M-Masaya-san?!
After clearing my mind with that, I throw up a fearless smile.
Masaya: Let's do this, Asuka. Satouin-san's going to be tough, but we'll give it to her.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Asuka: Yeah! Let's win!
Satouin: It is now time to start the second match!
Satouin-san's announcement that the match is beginning follows Asuka's spirited shout.
Madoka: Man, I still can't believe you won with that big of a lead, Asuka! You crushed her!
Asuka: Oh no, it was pure luck. Nothing else. Besides, I'd feel bad taking up all the spotlight for today's matches...
Madoka: Oh, right.
The practice session has now concluded, and we're all back at the clubhouse to briefly go over what happened.
Madoka: If we had to crown an MVP for the day, I'd Masaya Hinata is the number one candidate.
Masaya: We don't need any MVP.
The second match surprised all of us. Asuka beat Satouin-san with a much larger lead than their difference in skill would suggest.
I think Satouin-san fell right into my trap.
...The reason I say "I think" is because I only have a vague recollection of the match. I thought I was focusing, but all throughout, there was something else I couldn't get my mind off of.
Madoka: That was probably one of the best strategic plays we've ever seen. I dare say that was Masaya Hinata's best game yet.
Masaya: I'll make sure to top it the next match I second.
Asuka: You're so confident! I love it!
...Uh, I just meant that in the sense that getting complacent is the worst thing you can do.
Right. I forgot to mention the thing I couldn't take my mind off of during her match. Or should I say the person...
Mashiro: I learned so, <i>so</i> much from watching your match, Asuka-senpai! I hope I can fly as fast and fluid as you eventually!
Asuka: Oh, but you can! You're even better than me, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Are you teasing me knowing I lost today?
Asuka: No, I would never!
Mashiro: Hehe, I'm just kidding. But hearing you deny it so strongly is a little much... Now I'm all depressed.
Asuka: We're stuck in an infinite loop here!
Mashiro: Hahaha!
From what Madoka told me, Mashiro did go to the bathroom. And apparently she seemed to be feeling fine despite the loss.
When Mashiro heard about everything, she laughed and told me I was worrying way too much.
Masaya: (...I know you're not fine, Mashiro.)
Madoka: Haaah...
Masaya: Why the long sigh, Madoka?
Madoka: Sure must be nice when you have concrete results you can show everyone. I wish I could get some praise every now and then... Ahem... Hinata-kun.
Masaya: You have a real talent for walla, Madoka. You might even be a prodigy. I can already see the history of walla being split into pre-Madoka and post-Madoka eras. Like with Jesus Christ.
Madoka: That sounds like a <i>real</i> big compliment, but it's the <i>last</i> thing I want to hear.
Masaya: Okay, we're done here. Be careful on your way home. As teachers always say, a school trip isn't over until you get back safely.
Asuka: Okay!
Madoka: Wow, just ignore me, why don't you!
Masaya: See you on Monday.
Madoka: Asuka-chaaan, let's go drinking.
Asuka: Wh-What are we going to be drinking?!
Madoka: Life is rough, and I just need to knock back a drink or two sometimes! Just what do I have to do to become more like a main heroine?
Asuka: Huh, whaaat?!
Masaya: Good luck with that...
Mashiro: Okay! I'm heading out now! Bye, everyone!
She takes that moment to slip away.
Masaya: ......
Asuka: Wh-What are you going to do, Masaya-san?
Masaya: I'm heading out too. Calm Madoka for me, okay?
Madoka: I'm not some animal!
Masaya: Here's something cool you might wanna know, Madoka. Among the girls I know, you're the one I think is most likely to remain single by 30.
Madoka: Keep that to yourself!
Masaya: Well, I'm off.
Asuka: I'll handle Madoka, so go make sure she's okay.
Madoka: Huh? What are we talking about?
Masaya: ...Yeah, I will.
I guess she's figured out what I'm going to do.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah...
Mashiro: I can let it all out now, right...?
Mashiro: I already cried a little earlier in secret, but I don't have to hold it in anymore...
Mashiro: Nobody will blame themselves if I cry now, right?
Mashiro: Ngh!
Mashiro: Aha, aha, ahaha... I held it in so long I can't even do it now.
Mashiro: Is there nothing I can do right...?
Mashiro: Hic... Ahhh... Waaaaaah!
Mashiro: I lost... I broke our promise...
Mashiro: He believed in me... said I'd get rewarded, and yet...
Mashiro: I'm sorry, Senpai... I'm sorry...
Mashiro: If only I wasn't so mean to him at first...
Mashiro: Then maybe we could've had something more...
Mashiro: But it's not my fault... I didn't feel this way about him back then...
Mashiro: Why is my head so full of regrets now...?
Mashiro: I just want to give up... I didn't get rewarded again... how am I supposed to still go on?
Mashiro: Please... Please help me... Senpai...
Masaya: Are you dead?
Mashiro: I might as well be...
Mashiro: Huh...?
After she hears my voice, Mashiro looks up at me, teary-eyed and confused. It's the face of someone who's just seen a ghost.
Mashiro: Ah...!
She wipes off her face quickly.
Oh boy.
Mashiro: What are you... doing here?
Masaya: Do you remember that time I was feeling down, and you came to cheer me up? That's why I'm here, Mashiro.
Masaya: I was watching you closely, so I could tell something was up.
I'm trying to talk big, but...
Truthfully, I searched all over for her.
Mashiro: Why...?
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: Why were you paying that much attention to me...?
She looks at me imploringly.
Masaya: Why, you ask...?
That's simple.
I love Mashiro.
This is the first time I've admitted to these feelings, but that answer comes naturally.
When you see the girl you love crying, you want to comfort her.
Following the match, she disappeared for a bit and came back.
I could see that she'd been crying.
I hoped that none of the others would notice. Asuka apparently did, but she left everything to me.
As creepy and selfish as it sounds, I want to be the one to comfort her and wipe away those tears.
I hate myself for having that thought, but I can't bring myself to relinquish the role to Asuka or Madoka. Or even Misaki, even though I know that's who Mashiro would want...
I don't know when exactly I started thinking about her this way. I have no experience with relationships or crushes.
But there's no mistaking these feelings I have now. How I want to hold her tight, tell her everything's going to be alright...
Masaya: Because I love you, Mashiro.
I know that my feelings for her are something special.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Masaya: I love you, Mashiro.
With a clear, audible tone, I profess my true feelings to her.
This isn't something I should be doing considering my job as the team's coach, but I can't hold these feelings in any longer.
Masaya: Have you calmed down some now?
Mashiro: Ah... O-Oh, I see... So you didn't really mean it...
Masaya: No, I meant every single word, Mashiro.
Masaya: I'm sorry for breaking our promise. You did great on your own, but it was my job to be there with you.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Masaya: I know you lost, but please don't give up. I want you to keep working so we can eventually get you that win.
Masaya: ...Of course, I'll be with you every step of the way, as your coach.
Mashiro: ...There has to be something wrong with you, Senpai.
Masaya: Why?
That's quite the accusation.
Mashiro: What kind of guy would go out of his way to choose the fourth best girl around him? You have three other pretty, cute girls who are better than me in almost every way.
I'm guessing she means Misaki, Asuka, and Madoka?
Mashiro: You probably just feel bad for me. I'm right, aren't I? You're a kind person, so whenever you see someone as unfortunate as me, who always seems to fail no matter how hard she tries, you just have to extend a hand to help.
Masaya: ...Look, I'm not just going to sit here and let someone badmouth my crush. Even if that someone is you.
Masaya: Let me tell you about her. You won't find anybody who works as hard as she does for the things she cares about.
Masaya: There's another girl in the same club who works just as hard and really shows it, while the girl I love isn't very open about it and can be a little bit stubborn, so her hard work always goes unrecognized.
Masaya: You have to pay close attention to notice it. I'd reckon that the only two people who truly know how much effort she puts in are her mother and her coach.
Masaya: But if you know that, you can't help but love her. You just want to cheer for her with all you've got.
Masaya: You can tell how passionate she is, how much she cares, but she hides her own feelings out of a fear that she's just being a bother to the people around her. That's why she only cried when she was alone and away from them.
Masaya: Mashiro...
Masaya: I don't want to see you cry like this. I love you.
Masaya: I want you to smile and be happy... And if you'll allow me, I'd like to be next to you.
I've finished speaking my mind.
And in that moment, a gust of wind blows past us.
Mashiro still has her back to me.
What kind of expression does she have on her face right now? I want to know.
Mashiro: Senpai...
Mashiro: I...
Mashiro: Ngh!
Mashiro: I love you too!
Masaya: ...You have no idea how happy that makes me feel, Mashiro.
I saw a dream that night when I went to bed.
There was nothing particularly special about it.
But I was with Mashiro the whole time.
Mashiro: Senpai!
She called out to me with a huge smile on her face.
Just that alone was enough to fill me with joy.
Then, when I woke up that morning...
Masaya: ...Man, I can't believe I'm already having those dreams.
I'm embarrassed. Terribly so.
Misaki: You lost, huh? That sucks. Sorry to hear.
Mashiro: Yeah, it really was unfortunate!
Misaki: Isn't it a bit weird to smile like that when you lost?
Mashiro: Oh, well...
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: What?
Mashiro: I haven't given up just yet, so that's why I'm smiling!
Misaki: Can't say I follow, but I'd appreciate it if you stopped staring at me like that...
......
Masaya: ......
Asuka: Coach? Earth to Coach?
Masaya: Oh, sorry.
I meet Mashiro's eyes for a second, which gets me feeling a little giddy.
But I have to focus. We're at practice right now.
I am happy about my newfound relationship with Mashiro, but I can't let it get to my head.
I'm going to do everything I can to ensure this doesn't impede our progress. For both me and her.
That's the right thing to do as a coach.
Our club is currently focused on the upcoming fall tournament, and I intend to have my players prepared.
Masaya: Asuka! Let's get a nice, good day's worth of practice in today!
Asuka: Roger!
After practice.
Masaya: Okay, we're done for the day. You're all free to go home.
Asuka: Are you leaving now, Masaya-san? If so, we should fly home together.
Masaya: Um, do you know where Mashiro is?
Asuka: Do you need to talk to her about something?
Is there even a point in hiding things?
Masaya: Oh no, I just wanted to ask her what she wanted to do. She and I are dating now.
Madoka/Asuka/Misaki: ......
Asuka: ......
Madoka: ......
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: S-S-S-S-Senpai? Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you doing?
Masaya: Answering her? I'm just telling her the truth.
I'd rather be honest than lie to them. It feels like the right thing to do.
Masaya: I'm sure you don't want me lying to them.
Mashiro: Well... no, you're right, I wouldn't...
Masaya: And you'd probably be a little peeved if I went home with Asuka, right?
Mashiro: Well, yeah. If you acted all buddy-buddy and stuff.
Mashiro: I'm an understanding person, though. I won't get mad for no good reason.
Masaya: I know, that's why I was going to ask. Do you want me to or not?
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: ...You have to at least walk with me until we reach the school gate.
Masaya: You can be a real pain in the butt, Mashiro, but that's what makes you so cute.
Mashiro: I'm not going to let you pull the wool over my eyes with the word cute, Senpai. I know you called me a pain in the butt, and I won't forget that.
I ignore her moody response and raise my head now that we've reached a conclusion.
Madoka: Uh, no, you don't have to explain. We couldn't hear, but the looks on your faces said everything.
Masaya: Oh, okay.
I straighten my back.
Masaya: I'll try to keep our relationship from interfering with the club, so don't worry...
Madoka: Doubt that'll happen.
Masaya: Uh, why?
Madoka: Because I'm bringing it up every chance I get! Hahaha! You know me! There's no way I'll ignore something this juicy!
Misaki: Oh, yeah! Same here! I like juicy stuff!
Asuka: Well, I might join in every now and then...
Mashiro: Ugh!
Masaya: Really, you guys...
Madoka: What're you whining for? You can't say you love her if you won't talk about her with all your friends!
Madoka: When you <i>really</i> love someone, you can't stop yourself from talking about them! It's like an unquenchable thirst! Know what I mean? Well, not that I'd know what it's like, personally...
Masaya: I'm going to try my best to draw a reasonable line, okay?
Madoka: Take that line and get it out of here! We've got no room for it around these parts!
Masaya: This is all one big game to you, isn't it?
Madoka: Well, on a more serious note, congrats. Not sure how it turned out like this, but I'm happy for you.
Masaya: Madoka...
Mashiro: Madoka-senpai...
Madoka: ......
Madoka: Wait, is this a prank? Did I miss today being the first of April or something?
Masaya: Why would you even think that...?
Misaki: Well, I can't speak for her, but back when we first started the club, I never would've imagined you guys hooking up.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai...
Misaki: Times must be changing. No longer is it Misaki x Mashiro, Mashiro x Masaya. I see, I see.
Mashiro: No, as long as it stays soft, Misaki x Mashiro also works!
Madoka: Hold up, are you not denying the way she paired you guys? I don't want to imagine Hinata-kun as a bottom, but now I've got no choice...
Masaya: Can you please speak more clearly? I understood none of that.
Misaki: I was kinda worried by how things were going recently, but like, I guess everything worked out.
Misaki: Masaya.
Misaki beckons me over, then whispers in a hushed voice.
Misaki: She's a real cutie, isn't she?
Masaya: I have no idea how you managed to reject her advances all this time.
Misaki: I don't swing that way. Well, not that she does either. She just got way too crazy about it because I kept giving her the cold shoulder and all.
Masaya: Thanks for telling me that.
Misaki: Oh, but that's not the last of it.
Masaya: There's more?
Misaki: I'll bet you she's <i>really</i> starving for love, since I never gave her the amount she wanted.
Misaki: She's probably gonna be <i>super</i> clingy with you after all those years of loneliness she's endured. She'll be holding your arm 24/7, saying "I wuv you, Senpai!"
Masaya: That's seriously mean.
Misaki: Would you want that? Yay or nay?
Masaya: Honestly... I'm not sure I'd be able to stay sane. She's just so damn cute, you know?
Misaki: Aight. You better treat her a million times better than I ever did, or I'll give you an ass-kicking you'll never forget.
Masaya: You really have no right to do that.
Misaki goes back to where she was after saying all that.
Mashiro: What'd you guys talk about?
She asks me, seeming somewhat concerned.
Masaya: Hm, we decided to formulate the Mashiro-tan Agreement. It dictates which half of you goes to who. I have your left half, Misaki has your right.
Mashiro: You can't be serious!
Asuka: Um, question! Can I congratulate you too?
Masaya: Of course.
Why'd this turn into some sort of celebratory thing?
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai...
Asuka: Well, I have to admit the news did surprise me at first.
Asuka: Oh, I'm sorry! There's something else I should be saying before that. Congratulations.
Masaya: Thanks...
I'd never really thought about it until now, but...
Back when I first met Asuka, I was probably attracted to her.
Her endless optimism and honest attitude drew me in. Being around her was similar to looking up at a beautiful blue sky.
But above all, she was the one who taught me to love the sky again.
Asuka: Um, Masaya-san...?
Mashiro: Senpai...
Masaya: ...It's nothing.
I fall silent, unable to think of what to say.
Mashiro is gently grabbing the hem of my uniform, so I place my hand over hers.
Just that simple action from her makes me so indescribably happy.
I know what I have to do. I'll return what the sky gave to me. I'll let it go, like a balloon.
I no longer have any regrets.
Masaya: Thank you, Asuka.
I pour all of my gratitude into those words.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro, beside me, also bows. Deep enough that her hair touches the ground.
Asuka just smiles like she usually does, and says...
Asuka: Yes!
That one word.
Madoka: Now, let the newlyweds depart!
Masaya: Um, we never got married...
Misaki: Oh, wait one sec. I'll get some cans and tie them to their behinds with a thread!
Masaya: That's what you do for wedding cars, not people! Come on, Mashiro, let's get out of here!
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro gives them a quick bow.
And after that, we take off.
......
Madoka: Alright. You're good now, Asuka-chan.
Asuka: What do you mean?
Madoka: Well, the old, you know... You can let it all out now, thing.
Asuka: What do you mean? I'm not holding anything in.
Asuka: ...Huh? Why am I?
Misaki: I could tell something was up when you said "Yes!" there.
Asuka: I really am happy for them, I promise. So why am I...?
Madoka: I get how you feel. Stuff like this happens a lot in "Ripon."
Misaki: That's just a manga.
Asuka: I don't like Ripon, though! I'm more of "Nakayochi" fan!
Misaki: There was a right reply to her remark, but that was not it.
Madoka: Come on, Asuka. Let's go knock some drinks back again tonight.
Misaki: <i>Again?!</i>
Asuka: I don't want to go drinking again, Madoka-chan! When we went yesterday, they gave me a soft drink with carbonated water in it and it stung my mouth!
Madoka: Sounds good to me. It'll help you bawl your eyes out.
Asuka: Nghhhhhh!
Asuka: ......
Misaki: I could really go for some udon right now!
Misaki: Oh, I know! Why not head over to Mashiro Udon?
Madoka: You are evil. Pure evil.
Masaya: You were pretty silent back there, Mashiro.
Mashiro: ...Yeah, because that little "favor" you did us put me in a bad mood.
Masaya: Sorry.
Mashiro: It's fine. It was something that needed to be done, whether I liked it or not.
Mashiro: I could tell that you were just getting it over with for my sake. So, thanks.
Masaya: Yeah...
Mashiro: But that <i>really</i> wasn't the right moment to reveal it, and you could've warned me ahead of time. I know you didn't have much choice, given the flow of the conversation, but you should consult me on these things in the future. If you don't--
Masaya: If I don't?
She heaves a light sigh.
Mashiro: Practice is going to be awful tomorrow.
Masaya: Yeah?
Mashiro: You'll probably be safe, since you're a guy, but they're going to hit me with questions nonstop.
Masaya: Well, Misaki probably won't, at least. She doesn't care much about other people's personal lives.
Mashiro: Well, maybe not people themselves, but it's a different story if it involves you-know-what...
Masaya: Hm...? Oh, right.
I get it.
Masaya: Think she'll figure out everything?
Mashiro: Well, I'll do everything in my power to prevent that, at least.
Masaya: I guess being open about our relationship does come with that issue...
Mashiro: B-But, um, I <i>will</i> try my best to prevent them from figuring anything out!
Masaya: Okay. Let's move to another topic now, my dear Mashiro.
Mashiro: D-Did I say something weird?
Masaya: No, that's not it...
Masaya: It's just making me... think about those sorts of things.
Mashiro: Huh? Oh...
Her face turns beet red in a matter of seconds, and she awkwardly stares down at the ground.
For the record, what I have in mind is kissing. I don't know about her, but hopefully she's thinking along the same lines.
Anyway, moving on...
Masaya: ...I'm glad they congratulated us.
Mashiro: I know, right? We're lucky to have such great friends.
Masaya: We sure are...
I don't know why, but I feel a slight pain in my chest. I keep that from Mashiro, though.
Mashiro: ......
But Mashiro...
Mashiro: I want to tell you something Asuka-senpai once told me.
Masaya: Huh?
Damn, it's almost like she just read my mind.
Mashiro: Love can come in many different forms, and it can be experienced in just as many ways. Through things likes feelings, sensations, devotion, and so on.
Or maybe our minds were just in the same place.
Mashiro: But according to her, people who can say from the bottom of their heart that they love a lot of different things are really amazing.
Maybe it was a combination of both.
Mashiro: I guess the reason I was so afraid of telling them was because I do love all of them. So telling them that I'm going out with you is like telling them I love you more...
Either way, she spoke what was on my mind.
Masaya: ......
And with that, this tiny, indescribable queasy feeling in my chest has dissipated.
Mashiro: Yeah?
Masaya: Say, um... do you have anything to do after this?
Mashiro: Why are you asking?
Masaya: Wanna go somewhere together?
Mashiro: Go somewhere together...? Wait, do you mean a d-d-d-da--?
Masaya: Finish the word. Otherwise, it just sounds weird. But yes. I'm asking you out on a date.
Mashiro: Yes! Yesyesyes! I'd love to go, but wait--!
Masaya: What's wrong? Are you busy?
Mashiro: W-Well, about that...
She refuses to look me in the eye.
Mashiro: I-I just remembered that I have to help out at the restaurant today. We've been getting a little busy lately because of the tourists here on summer vacation.
Masaya: Really...? That kinda sounds like an excuse you just thought up on the spot, to be honest.
Mashiro: I really do have to! I swear!
Masaya: Well, okay...
I guess I still don't know her well enough to be able to tell those things.
She was pretty damn embarrassed about the date, though, which could've been why she turned me down. Either way, I can tell she really cares about me, so I'll just take her word for it.
Mashiro: Um, you're not mad at me, are you...?
Masaya: Why would I be mad?
Mashiro: Well, you know, because I turned you down...
Masaya: Do you really think I'd get mad over that?
Mashiro: Seriously, why do I have to be like this...?
Masaya: Hey, hey! It's okay, so don't cry, Mashiro!
She's a little-- No, she's <i>very</i> flustered.
Mashiro: You better ask me out on another date when I'm free, Senpai.
Masaya: Yeah, I will.
Mashiro: You promise?
Masaya: Definitely!
Mashiro: You absolutely have to! You have have have <i>have</i> to!
Masaya: I know, Mashiro.
Mashiro: You have have have have haf--!
Mashiro: Ngh!
Masaya: Haha. You just bit your tongue, didn't you?
Mashiro: Thenpaaai...
Masaya: Does it hurt?
Mashiro: Bleeeh!
Masaya: Um, you don't need to show me your tongue...
It's an adorable sight, I'll admit, but I don't want her accidentally hurting herself.
Masaya: Oh, wow... It's already this late?
I was studying the movements of world-famous Skywalkers by watching their matches and drawing out their flight patterns with lines, but before I knew it, several hours had passed.
Masaya: Just a little longer.
I pick up my phone for no particular reason, and that's when I notice.
Masaya: Oh, a message from Mashiro.
Things like this make the fact that I have a girlfriend now seem more real.
Warm affection swirls around in my chest from thinking about her as I check the message.
56 minutes ago\nSender: Mashiro Arisaka
Subject: Senpai?\nHi.\nCan I call you if you're not busy?
47 minutes ago\nSender: Mashiro Arisaka
Subject: I'm sorry\nIt's okay if you're busy.\nFeel free to just ignore my last text.
42 minutes ago\nSender: Mashiro Arisaka
Subject: Um, I'm just checking...\nYou are getting my messages, right?\nIf so, can you please reply? That would make me really happy.
39 minutes ago\nSender: Mashiro Arisaka
Subject:\nFeel free to reply whenever.\nI'll be up late tonight.
Masaya: Nooooooooo, Mashiro!
I hit the call button in a panic.
Those warm feelings in my chest quickly changed into anxiety...
Mashiro: It's fine, really. I was just hugging my knees on my bed and staring at my phone, waiting for it to ring. Nothing to worry about.
Masaya: That sounds kinda scary to me...
Mashiro: Haha! Of course I didn't do that! I'm not so emotionally unstable that I'd stop everything I'm doing just to wait for your reply... Hic...
Masaya: ......
She had a cheerful tone at the beginning, but that little sniffle at the end makes me believe she was faking it.
Mashiro: So, you know what this means, right?
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: This is our first phone call as boyfriend and girlfriend.
Our first phone call in general, I'm pretty sure.
Masaya: So, tell me if I'm right or wrong, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Yeah?
Masaya: I picture you writing down things like this in a calendar or something. Am I right?
Mashiro: What? Ugh, this is <i>so</i> embarrassing. Did you actually see it?
Heh, I knew it.
Mashiro: Okay, so those two are password protected, that one can't leave my room, the other one is inside my bag, and...
Masaya: Wait... you have more than one?
If, by some accident, humanity were to go extinct this very night...
And then in the distant feature, some intelligent species were to land on Earth and find Mashiro's notebook, thinking it's a piece of lost technology, boy would they regret decrypting that after realizing what's in it...
I'll go ahead and apologize in advance, alien race from the future.
Mashiro: You don't think I'm going overboard, do you?
Masaya: Oh, no. I'll be sure to tell you if that happens, so don't worry.
Mashiro: Please do...
Well, I do understand why a girl would want to do something like this.
Mashiro: Hehe, hehehe.
Masaya: Yeah?
Mashiro: Nothing. I just love hearing your voice at these late hours of the night.
Masaya: Hm... Is there something special about it?
Mashiro: Yeah, because I get you all to myself. I don't have to worry about anyone else talking to you.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: Oh, did I embarrass you? Sorry if I did.
Masaya: Stop it...
Mashiro: Have I ever told you how much I love your voice, Senpai? I think it's <i>really</i> dreamy.
Masaya: I know you're just teasing me.
Good thing we're on the phone. I bet my face is <i>real</i> red right now.
I can't let this get any worse, so I better find something to counter with.
What can I use to tease Mashiro... Hm...
Masaya: Meow! Meow!
Mashiro: Meow! Meow!
What the hell?! The "reason" and "shame" parts of her brain must've melted when we became a couple!
Damn. If she keeps this up, I might just propose to her on the spot.
Masaya: Wait for me, Mashiro... I'll put a ring on your finger someday, I promise!
Mashiro: Meow?!
The hell am I saying?! I'm as bad as her...
A short while later...
Mashiro: O-Okay, yeah. I definitely lost my mind there for a moment...
The embarrassment hits her once she returns to her senses.
Still, we continue chatting for a good while after that.
It kinda feels like her words are reverberating in my chest. Maybe it's because her voice is so close?
I also feel like we're being more open with each other about our feelings and whatnot, but that's probably because of how much we missed each other.
Mashiro: I really, <i>really</i> want to keep talking, but...
Masaya: Yeah, it's getting pretty late.
I never imagined that I'd feel so reluctant to end a phone call. This is a brand new experience for me.
Mashiro: Senpai.
Masaya: Yeah?
Mashiro: Dream of me. And I'll dream of you.
Masaya: Um... I'll try.
I can't really make any promises, but I'll at least try to think of her when I go to bed.
Mashiro: I hear that it helps to put a person-shaped paper cutout under your pillow with the name of the person you want to see in your dreams written on it.
Masaya: Oh, maybe I'll try that.
If I don't forget, that is.
Mashiro: ...I wish I could listen to your voice all hours of the day.
Masaya: You can.
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: I'll be with you whenever you want... I mean, I'd love to be with you all 24 hours of the day, too.
Mashiro: Senpai...
Masaya: Let's stop here. It's already 11:00.
Mashiro: Ugh, I kind of feel cheated... Just a second ago you said you'd be with me whenever I wanted.
Masaya: Well, we have to hang up <i>eventually,</i> don't we?
Mashiro: You just don't love me enough.
Masaya: What?
Mashiro: Isn't that what women say when the guy fizzles out after one round...?
Masaya: I'm pretty sure women don't usually say that about phone calls, Mashiro. Please don't say that around anyone other than me.
I take a breath and relax my shoulders.
Masaya: How about this. If you really think you'll be lonely without me, I'll put on my Grav Shoes and fly on over.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Mashiro: Hehe, hehehe!
Masaya: Wh-What are you giggling for?
Mashiro: That's all I wanted to hear. Good night, Senpai.
Masaya: Uh, sure. (You haven't really answered my question...) Good night.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Um, did you forget something you wanted to say?
Mashiro: The guy is supposed to hang up first.
Masaya: Didn't know.
It makes no sense to me, but if that's what Mashiro wants, then that's what she'll get.
Masaya: Sweet dreams, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Sweet dreams, Senpai.
...I hit the end call button this time.
Masaya: Phew...
I'm a bit exhausted... but I feel a lot happier after that phone call.
Masaya: Now to pick up where I left off.
I think about Mashiro again, except this time it's about strategies she can employ in FC matches.
Aoi: Are you having fun, Masaya?
Oh, it's Aoi-san.
Her voice sounds <i>really</i> far away, but also close at the same time.
Masaya: Yeah... I am.
Aoi: You sure? Sounds more like you're suffering to me...
Masaya: I'm not, I swear... Flying is fun, okay?
Aoi-san looks worried by my snappy reply.
Aoi: Hey, Masaya. I don't want you to force yourself to fly.
Masaya: ......
Aoi: Did something bad happen? You can always come to me if something's wrong.
Masaya: Aoi-san...
My chest tightens and I feel like I'm about to burst into tears.
That single sentence has my emotions bubbling up.
I feel like I'm about to burst.
And yet, Aoi-san just continues to stare at me with that gentle look on her face.
Aoi: Please tell me, Masaya.
Aoi: Your feelings might be all jumbled, but I'll do whatever I can to help sort them out. Just say the word.
The scenery before me starts to blur.
And I come to a long overdue realization.
Back then, I was holding back as hard as I could.
I was constantly fighting off the emotions threatening to spill out.
? ? ?: ...san, please wake up.
Hm?
Whose voice is that?
It's real gentle, but also... slightly strained.
? ? ?: Masaya-san.
Oh, she's calling my name again...
I know who this is...
Rika: Good morning, Masaya-san.
When I open my eyes, I see a beaming smile stretching out in front of me.
The rest of her face, which is softly illuminated by the sun, then comes into focus.
Masaya: Sorry I fell asleep...
Can't believe I made that mistake.
Masaya: Oh...
I notice something slightly different about the clubroom as I look around.
Masaya: It's so clean...
Someone must've cleaned up while I was sleeping.
Nothing's been moved, but the dust has been wiped from every nook and cranny. Plus, the tiny bits of garbage are now gone.
Rika: Oh, I hope you don't mind. It's just a habit of mine... I'm sorry.
It kinda sounds like Rika's beating herself up about this...
Masaya: Oh no, I should be thanking you.
We usually do some cleaning when we have to, but no one's ever put this much effort into it. It looks like a completely different room now...
Rika: I'm glad you're pleased with it.
Rika smiles at me.
Masaya: So what, you do this all the time?
Rika: Yes. I do some cleaning before every practice session at Takafuji.
Rika: I figured this was the least I could do in exchange for what everyone at Kunahama is teaching me.
Masaya: Right... Heh.
Man, Rika's stupidly diligent. I can't help but chuckle.
Rika: Huh? Did I say something funny?
Masaya: Nah, not really.
Rika: Well, if you say so...
Rika: Let me just tidy up the rest, then.
Masaya: Thanks.
Rika goes back to sweeping the floor.
I gaze at her as I recall the events of the past few days.
Three days ago.
It started with our first meeting after the summer tournament.
Madoka: Okay, now that everyone's here, let's start the meeting.
Madoka kicks off the meeting by writing on the whiteboard.
Madoka: So, we have to decide the next president, discuss our plans for the fall tournament, and talk about how Rika-chan's joining our practice sessions.
Masaya: Why does this feel like the preview for next week's episode...?
Rika: Th-Thank you for having me, everyone!
Asuka: It's great to have you here!
Mashiro: I hope I learn a lot from you, Ichinose-sa-- I mean, Rika-san.
Rika: O-Oh no, <i>I</i> hope to learn a lot from <i>you.</i>
This is a nice surprise.
Rika and the others have already decided to move to a first name basis.
Misaki: Boy, you're picking up one cutie after the other, aren't you Masaya?
Masaya: I'm not picking them up. Give it a rest.
Rika: Sorry, what was that...?
Masaya: Look, Rika, don't bother paying attention to anything Misaki says.
Misaki: Hey, don't go breaking our bonds!
Masaya: That's my line!
Rika was the one who asked to join our practice.
However, having her here is a <i>huge</i> help, so it was in our best interests to agree.
Masaya: The current plan is for Rika to join us for all of September, during the summer break, and then for a few several day blocks until the fall tournament.
Asuka: Wow, you'll be with us for a while!
Shion: We get to practice with Takafuji's next star. Sweet!
Aoi: Hm? Didn't you retire?
Madoka: That's right, Shion. Why are you still here?
Shion: Uh... Yeah, I'm supposed to retire, but...
One of the other topics for today is deciding who'll succeed him.
Madoka: As for the next president... Any objections to Hinata-kun?
Shion: I was thinking the same thing. What do you think, Hinata?
Masaya: I had the exact same idea, actually.
I've got no real reason to refuse, and it'll make things simpler in the long run, so this seems like a good idea.
Madoka: Cool, so our next president is Hinata-kun. Good luck.
Asuka: This is great!
And so, I'm elected president with no objections.
Masaya: Nice. Though when it comes to names, Prez is still Prez. You guys should just keep using my name.
Misaki: Seriously?
Masaya: Yeah. I mean, changing things up at this point would be <i>really</i> confusing.
Shion: True. Especially since I'll still be coming to the clubroom.
Mashiro: What about retiring...?
Madoka: So what, we should just keep calling you Coach or Hinata-kun?
Masaya: Yeah.
Madoka: Next up is the fall tournament, which is not too far off...
The meeting comes to a close after we discuss our plans for the future.
We've decided on our objectives for the fall tournament, and what we're going to do in practice.
Aoi: Alright, make sure none of you get injured.
We all move to leave after hearing our advisor's considerate warning.
Aoi: Oh, Masaya.
Aoi-san calls out to me.
Aoi: Can you come see me later? There's something I want to talk about.
Masaya: We've got nothing planned for the day other than this meeting, so yeah, I can...
Misaki: ...Did he do something naughty again?
Masaya: Don't make it sound like I'm some two-bit criminal, Misaki.
Aoi: Hm... Maybe I should be asking about that first...
Misaki: Yeah, go right ahead!
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i>
Aoi: Sorry about this.
Masaya: It's fine... What do you want?
I already told her Rika's gonna join us for practice.
She just responded with an "I see" and moved past it.
I can't imagine this is about her, so I wonder what this could be...
Aoi: It's about Rika Ichinose.
Oh, guess I'm an idiot.
Masaya: What about her?
Aoi: I can't help but wonder why exactly you're so interested in training her...
Masaya: Because she asked? I've got no special reason, I swear.
Aoi: Really? Then why not turn her down? If you had no real reason to accept, why go to the trouble?
Masaya: Well...
She's got a point.
I only accepted because Rika asked, but that's hardly a good reason.
Hell, logically, I should've put my players first and rejected her, but...
Aoi: So you <i>do</i> have an ulterior motive, huh?
Aoi-san snorts.
Aoi: Personally, I think Kurashina, Tobisawa, and even Arisaka are all interesting players in their own right.
Masaya: Same here.
Aoi: Then why didn't you choose to focus on one of them?
Masaya: Well...
Aoi: Come on, tell me the <i>real</i> reason you agreed to help Ichinose.
She's got this all wrong. Sure, I agreed to help Rika, but I don't plan on showing her any preferential treatment.
Though, to be fair, that's clearly not what Aoi-san is asking.
She just wants to know why I'm inviting someone from a rival school to train with us.
And that's a valid concern.
Basically, she's trying to gauge my motives.
Masaya: I...
Aoi: Hm?
Masaya: I think there's something similar about Rika.
Aoi: In what way?
Masaya: She's like me.
Aoi: You don't seem all that similar.
Masaya: No, that's not what I mean.
I guess an outsider would see it that way.
But when I look at Rika, I see the mind of someone who's been cornered.
It's the mindset a person gets into when everything's going so well, but they're suddenly rendered incapable of moving on. The feeling of hitting an impassable wall.
It's the feeling you get when you're walking through life's problems without a care in the world, then are suddenly forced to challenge something that feels insurmountable.
She's been cornered without ever getting a chance to understand the situation, just like I was in the past.
Masaya: ...Or so I think.
I finish explaining everything to Aoi-san.
Aoi: I see.
Aoi-san gives me a curt response as she uses a hand to keep her hair from blowing in the wind.
Masaya: Sorry, I know I'm pushing it.
Aoi: What do you mean? I'm just glad you've actually thought this through.
Aoi-san looks at me with a gentle smile on her face.
Aoi: I won't ask about this again. I'll leave everything in your capable hands.
Masaya: Thanks.
Masaya: (So, what do I do now?)
Honestly, I'm at a loss.
What kind of player is Rika? What am I actually hoping to accomplish by training her?
I have a vague plan in mind, but I'm not really sure if it'll actually suit her.
Rika: What do you think, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Mm... Oh, about what?
Rika: I'm done cleaning the room.
I look around.
I can't spot a single speck of dust on the window sill or any of the magazines we had bunched up in the corner. Looks like she organized absolutely everything...
Masaya: You're as diligent as they get, Rika.
Rika: That's partly due to my personality, but I have my own reasons for doing this as well.
Rika: Please start training me as soon as possible.
Masaya: Sure thing. I've gotta pay you back for this favor, right?
As I stand up, I remember my conversation with Aoi-san.
What exactly should I be teaching this girl?
Honestly, I'm still not sure.
Asuka: Misaki-chan, aren't your horizontal movements a little too wide?
Misaki: You think? Kinda feels the same as always...
Rika: I think they're a little wide as well. Usually, your movements are a little tighter, Misaki-san.
Misaki: Man, you've got a real good eye, Rika-chan. I barely even think about how I'm moving.
Mashiro: Guuuys, please don't leave me behind!
The four Skywalkers are flying up in the sky.
They use their free time as they're shifting from field flying to slaloms to discuss their movements.
Madoka: Okay, three trips back and forth, then come down for your break.
Misaki: Okaaaaaay!
Asuka: Wow, you're so energetic, Misaki-chan!
Rika: Hehe, I can tell she's looking forward to the break.
Mashiro: You said it...
Everything's going so well that you'd think they've been practicing together for ages.
I'm real glad Rika's fitting in.
After practice...
Asuka: Rika-chan, let's go home together!
Rika: Okay. Thanks for waiting for me, Asuka-san.
Madoka: Wow, you two are <i>really</i> getting along.
Asuka: Yes, we have to fly to the same terminal to get home, and more importantly, I've always wanted a cute little sister like her.
Rika: Oh, you're really passionate about that, huh...?
Asuka: I sure am! In fact, why don't you just call me Big Sis Asuka!
Asuka seems to <i>really</i> want that to happen, but...
Rika: Uh... sorry, I'm going to have to pass.
Asuka: I've been rejected!
Misaki: Haha, sucks to be you!
Mashiro: B-Big Sis Misaki...?
Misaki: No. <i>God</i> no. Seriously, please don't.
Mashiro: I've been rejected!
Asuka: ......
Mashiro: Oh!
Mashiro notices Asuka's gaze.
Two rejected girls, brought together by their shared pain, join together to form a new bond of--
Asuka: Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai!
Masaya: You're not gonna hug and agree to become sisters instead? Seriously?
No new bond of friendship here. Man, I don't get people.
Madoka: Personally, I'm just glad Shion's my older brother instead of my older sister.
Yeah, same. Something about the reverse makes me think of a scene straight out of a horror movie.
In any case, I'm just happy everyone's getting along.
Shindou: Sorry about all the trouble, Hinata-kun.
Shindou-san has come to observe today's practice.
Masaya: It's no trouble, really. Honestly, I feel bad about having you come all the way out here on your day off.
Shindou: Well, you are doing me a huge favor. Sure, this was ultimately Ichinose-kun's request, but I also wanted it to happen.
Shindou-san's clearly a man of integrity.
Kinda helps me understand how Takafuji has raised so many strong players under his leadership.
Shindou: Still, I'm surprised.
Masaya: About what?
Shindou: That you actually accepted our request.
Masaya: Well... both you and Rika have done a lot to help us out.
Shindou: No, that's not it.
Masaya: Huh?
Shindou: I'm certain you felt grateful, but you still could have refused. After all, a coach wouldn't normally be training a player from a rival school right before a big tournament.
Guess Shindou-san has the same hang up as Aoi-san.
Shindou: I hate to be this blunt, but Ichinose-kun isn't all that special.
Masaya: Yeah, I know.
Shindou: She can handle her opponents well, regardless of their playstyle, and she's good at putting all her knowledge to use during matches.
Shindou: However, she becomes helpless when her opponent excels in a particular area. It'll take a lot of training to prepare her to face more specialized players, I imagine.
He knows a lot about her. Makes sense, since he's her club president and all, I guess.
Shindou: Given the short time you have before the fall tournament, I would've expected you to focus on training Kurashina-kun or Tobisawa-kun.
Shindou: I mean, they go to the same school as you, so it just makes more sense.
Shindou: And yet, you accepted Ichinose-kun's request. Can you tell me why?
Masaya: Well, you see...
I give Shindou-san the same explanation I gave Aoi-san.
He remains quiet while I speak, listening intently until I finish.
Shindou: It's not... sympathy, is it? If it is, I don't see things ending well for either of you.
Masaya: It's not. I just want to make sure Rika doesn't end up hitting the same wall I did.
Shindou: I see. Well, that I understand.
Shindou: But what exactly do you plan on teaching her? Training her to break through a wall she's pinned to seems rather futile.
Masaya: You're right... Still, I think I'm starting to figure out what I need to do. I promise it'll be fine.
Shindou: Okay, I trust you.
Shindou-san corrects his posture.
Shindou: She can be rather stubborn at times, but she's a good girl. Take care of her.
Masaya: I will... This is a big responsibility.
Madoka: Okay, come on down. It's time for our thirty minute break.
Madoka gives the signal, and everyone stops flying and lands on the beach below.
Misaki: Phew, I'm totally beat...
Misaki's landing is real sloppy, so her feet dig into the sand.
She immediately drags herself over to where we left the sports drinks earlier.
Asuka: I bet lunch will taste extra delicious after all this moving around... Wh-Whoa!
Next comes Asuka, who has a relatively smooth descent.
However, her balance is as off as ever, so she almost tumbles over as she touches down on the sand.
Mashiro: Haaah... I wish I could fly as smoothly as Misaki-senpai and Asuka-senpai.
Mashiro: Wait, whoawhoawhoa!
Mashiro messes up her descent, which makes one leg bend in an awkward direction as she lands.
She manages to land perfectly every once in a while, but more often than not, it's a mess like this.
Rika: I see... I'm still wasting quite a bit of time when counterattacking. I need to regain my posture faster...
Unlike the rest of the group, Rika pulls off a clean, textbook landing.
She descends slowly, keeping a visual on her landing place as she bends her knees to cushion the impact and absorb the shock.
If I wanna nitpick, there are some small issues, but it's good enough that I wish everyone else would learn from her example.
Masaya: (Still...)
It's so... standard. Honestly, this and all the cleaning she does makes me think she goes by the book far too often.
I mean, isn't she almost... too diligent?
I've thought this before, but now I'm starting to feel that part of her personality is hurting her play...
Shindou: Hey there, Ichinose-kun.
Rika: Yes? Oh, President, nice to see you!
Rika rushes over to Shindou-san as soon as she notices him.
Shindou: Satou-kun's the president now. I've retired, remember?
Rika: Satouin-senpai said you're our honorary president, so we should continue to refer to you by that title...
Shindou: I see... What am I meant to do with that girl...?
He says that, but honestly, he doesn't seem all that bothered.
We're still calling our president Prez too. Guess they must feel the same about changing things up this late in the game.
Shindou: By the way, I was watching you fly up there, and I must say, your posture has gotten even more beautiful than before.
Rika: Thank you very much!
Shindou: However, if you stick to that style, you may have trouble growing as a Skywalker.
Rika: Huh...?
Oh, wow.
Guess Shindou-san's arrived at the same conclusion as me.
Shindou: Flying beautifully is great, but FC isn't scored based on how well you follow textbook instructions.
Shindou: If you wish to aim higher, you'll need to try out many new styles.
Rika: But... how do I do that?
Shindou: You came here to learn the answer to that question, and they've all agreed to help you.
Shindou: Isn't that right, Hinata-kun?
Masaya: Oh, yes.
Rika: Really?
Masaya: Yeah, I've been thinking about how to best help you a lot.
Shindou: I look forward to seeing where you take her.
Ugh, thanks for the pressure, Shindou-san.
Shindou-san's probably got all my plans figured out already, so that comment feels kinda pointless.
After that discussion, we proceed to go through the basics, have some simple mock battles, and then separate for the night.
Masaya: Rika's... the exact kind of player I expected.
The mock battles were dogfights that lasted three minutes. She faced Misaki, Asuka, and Mashiro in turn.
Given her experience, she dominated Mashiro, but she struggled against Misaki and even Asuka.
Masaya: As soon as anything unexpected happens, she gets thrown for a loop...
Honestly, it's less that she doesn't know how to deal with them, and more that she can't react to anything she doesn't see coming.
She's mastered the basics, and always tries to take the first option available.
I'm in bed, thinking back over the practice session, when I find myself remembering something Satouin-san said.
I'm pretty sure this happened when Rika and I met her at Iron Mall.
Satouin: Given how diligent and talented she is, becoming a starter was no problem for her.
Satouin: However, she won't be able to go any further at this rate.
Satouin: She needs to think more flexibly in order to help overcome any hurdles she may face.
Masaya: I remember thinking that was a good observation.
Satouin-san understood that Rika's bound to convention, and sought to change that.
That's probably why she's fine with sending her to our school to gain more knowledge.
Masaya: Well, that makes things simple.
I get up, pick up my phone, and leave a note for myself on it so I don't forget.
I jot down everyone's actions, what instructions to give after that, and end it off with the key phrase.
Masaya: "Have fun practicing"...
The next day.
The skies are clear, so we start off practicing the basics like usual.
After that, I gather everyone on the beach, and...
Masaya: Today, we're going to have fun practicing.
Misaki: Whoa, really?! Are we gonna have a sandwich eating contest?!
Masaya: Never in my life have I heard of people practicing for a sandwich eating contest.
Asuka: That sounds fun, like something out of an athletics meet.
Masaya: I guess it's kinda close.
Rika: It is?
Masaya: Our practice will be similar to the blindfolded race.
Madoka: And never in <i>my</i> life have I heard of someone doing a blindfolded race at an athletics meet.
Masaya: It happens, trust me. Now, you guys should pair up.
Misaki: Whoa?!
Mashiro jumps forward and latches onto Misaki's arm.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai and I will stick together through thick and thin!
Misaki: Your love is just too meowch!
Asuka: That means I'm with you, Rika-chan.
Rika: Oh, yes. I look forward to working with you.
Asuka: Same here!
Asuka copies Mashiro, and hugs Rika's arm.
Rika: Huh, u-um... I, err...
Asuka notices how flustered Rika has become and lets go of her.
Asuka: S-Sorry. Did I get too carried away?
Rika: Oh no, um, it's not that... I just didn't know how to react to that... I-I'm sorry.
Asuka: No, <i>I'm</i> sorry.
Madoka: This isn't some apologizing contest.
Rika: S-Sorry.
Wow, she's keeping it up even after being told off. I swear, this girl's <i>way</i> too diligent.
And it shows in her playstyle, too.
Masaya: Each pair will consist of one player and one second. Make sure you have your headsets on the right channel, okay? I'll be listening in on both teams.
Misaki: Roger... So, are you gonna tell us what to do now?
Masaya: You'll be flying in the opposite direction.
Asuka: The opposite... You mean inverted flight?
Masaya: No. Inverted flight refers to flying with your back facing the water. I'm saying you guys will be flying away from what you're facing.
Rika: You mean we'll be... flying backwards?
Mashiro: Isn't that a lot more difficult than flying normally?
Masaya: That's why your second will be giving you instructions. You should manage just fine as long as you work together.
Misaki: Gotta say, this sounds <i>way</i> more fun than our usual practice... Still, what's the point?
Masaya: It's to help develop your FC instincts, so you'll need to come up with an answer for that question on your own.
Rika: Develop our FC instincts...
Rika doesn't seem entirely convinced.
This probably seems like a huge joke to her, since she doesn't understand the real reason I'm doing this.
Well, I'm sure they'll understand soon enough.
Masaya: You're not allowed to touch each other. You can only score points from the buoys.
Masaya: We'll start with Rika and Mashiro up in the air. Asuka and Misaki will act as their seconds.
Mashiro: Roger.
Rika: Understood...
Mashiro and Rika are lined up, floating by first with their backs toward second. This is nothing like their usual starting stances.
Rika: I-Is this right?
Masaya: Perfect.
Mashiro: Is it really perfect? I'm feeling, like, <i>super</i> nervous here!
Rika: My back feels cold. The breeze is chilly...
Mashiro: Right? It's like when you forget to put any panties on before leaving the house.
Rika: Uhhh... I've actually never done that...
Mashiro: I-I've never done that either! I'm just saying this is, uh, probably what it would feel like!
Masaya: Mashiro, stop sexually harassing Rika.
Mashiro: I'm not doing anything wrong! I'm just saying that's how nervous this situation makes me feel!
Misaki: Don't worry, I'll be sure to give you good instructions.
Mashiro: You can do anything, Misaki-senpai!
Asuka: Rika-chan.
Rika: Yes?!
Asuka: I don't know if I can provide good enough instructions, but I'll do my best.
Rika: Thank you. I'll do my best as well.
Masaya: Okay, let's do this. Ready, set... go!
On my signal...
Mashiro: Whoawhoawhoa?!
Rika: O-Oh my...
They both cry out in confusion.
Misaki: Heeey, Mashiro. What the hell are you doing up there?!
Asuka: Are you alright, Rika-chan?!
The two of them have gotten off to a painstakingly slow start.
Mashiro: F-Flying backward is hard!
Rika: Sometimes you end up going backward in the flow of a match, but that feels more natural. Forcing myself to do it right from the start is a challenge...
Rika: My mind can't keep up with all the things I have to think of, and I end up not having any idea what to do.
Rika: But learning to think is part of our practice too, right?
Masaya: You don't need to think all that much right now. Just focus on trying to fly straight.
Misaki's gesturing wildly as she instructs Mashiro.
Misaki: You gotta twist your spine, lean back hard, and push on! Just act like you're falling and charge!
I doubt her overly eager instructions will lead to anything good.
Still, this won't actually help them if I involve myself now.
Mashiro: Ch-Charging ahead! Eek!
Mashiro throws herself backward.
Mashiro: Aaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
Rika: M-Mashiro-chan?!
She immediately does a backflip, then starts flailing around in the air.
Mashiro: Whoawhoawhoa! Whoawhoawhoawhoawhoawhoa!
Masaya: Stretch out your arms and legs to secure your center of gravity. C'mon, this is the first thing you learn!
Mashiro's rotation speed slows considerably after she stretches out like a star.
Mashiro: Haaaaaaaaaaaah...
She breathes a long sigh.
Masaya: See what happens when you just bark out orders without thinking, Misaki? Do things properly, okay?
Misaki: Fiiine!
Asuka: Keep flying slowly until you get used to it, Rika-chan.
Rika: Okay.
Rika's going painfully slowly.
Asuka: You're going a bit too far to the right. Lean more to the left.
Rika: To the left, understood.
She twists her shoulders and slowly changes direction.
Asuka: No, no, left.
Rika: Huh? I am leaning left.
Masaya: Asuka, you need to reference left and right from her point of view.
Asuka: Oh... I'm so sorry, that's such a silly mistake!
Rika: Oh no, I'm sorry I didn't realize...
Your left and right are reversed when going backward, so that mistake isn't all that unexpected.
In fact, this is good. They're having to think more already.
Masaya: Hm?
I feel like someone's staring at me, so I turn around.
Shindou: Hey there.
Oh, it's Shindou-san. Didn't realize he was here.
I turn off my headset and walk over to him.
Masaya: You could have called out to me earlier.
Shindou: I didn't want to interrupt while you were coaching... This is a pretty interesting exercise. Not that I expected any less from you.
Masaya: Just hope it gets results...
I look back over to Rika as I say that.
Rika: Eek!
She screams as her back slams into the buoy, sending her in reverse along the first line.
Mashiro: Ouch!
Rika: Whoawhoawhoa!
She then slams into Mashiro, who can't see her, and the recoil from that sends her back into the buoy.
Rika: S-Sorryyyy... Aaah!
She's like a pinball out there.
Asuka and Misaki are frantically barking out orders, but things don't seem to be going well.
Shindou: Are you having them fly backwards to try and strengthen their balance?
Masaya: Yes.
Shindou: Good idea. Training their core should help them fly faster too.
Masaya: I wanted them to learn how to quickly regain their balance in a dogfight...
Shindou: I'm certain it will work out well. Though, it all depends on if your players actually understand the true purpose of this exercise.
How far can Rika go, and how much can I make her understand?
If I simply explain everything to her, I won't train her mind.
That said, without something to prompt her, there's a good chance she won't make much progress.
Shindou: Are you making the others act as seconds to try and get them to view matches more objectively?
Masaya: That's part of it, yeah. But I also figure if they get used to giving orders, they'll get better at understanding them during matches.
Shindou: I get it. We practice dealing with surprises at Takafuji, too, but I never considered something like this...
He's complimenting me... Or at least, I hope he is...
Masaya: I just hope this gets results.
I'm glad that Shindou-san approves of my approach, but that's not enough to make me happy.
I mean, I'm essentially fumbling for an answer here. That hasn't changed.
Masaya: What'd you think of today's practice?
Misaki: It was fun. <i>Definitely</i> a lot different from normal, though.
Asuka: Yes, it was very fun.
Mashiro: Maybe if you could do it... I was terrified out there. I just kept spinning around and around...
Misaki: Sounds fun to me.
Mashiro: Y-Yes, maybe you're right...
Masaya: Don't go changing your opinion to match Misaki's! Look, it makes sense that you were scared, okay?
Rika: ......
Masaya: What'd you think, Rika?
Rika: Oh, um... Well, honestly, I didn't understand it.
Masaya: That's fine for now.
Rika: Was there a real point behind it?
Asuka: There was! Coach would never make us waste our time!
Rika: I-I see. My apologies. I suppose I'm the only one who doesn't understand...
Misaki: Oh, I'm in the same boat, actually. I just know it was fun!
Rika: Really?
Asuka: I'm guessing he made us fly differently because it might come in handy.
Masaya: Mhm. Though I won't ask you to keep it up if you weren't having fun.
Rika: ...Right.
Rika nods, though she still doesn't seem to understand.
Though Rika's been confused from start to end, I decide to finish practice for the day.
Asuka: Rika-chan went home alone today.
Masaya: Yeah, she said she had something to do.
Our after practice meeting had turned into us just sitting around chatting.
Masaya: Honestly, Rika was probably confused by having her practice session completely overhauled all of a sudden.
Maybe that's why she rushed off? She probably wasn't in the mood to chat.
Did I mess things up? Should I have explained things more thoroughly?
Asuka: I'm sure she'll find it fun when she gets used to it, though.
Masaya: Sure hope so... Thanks, Asuka. You've been a huge help.
Asuka: Oh no, flying with Rika-chan is <i>super</i> fun, so it's no big deal, really.
Asuka: Watching her makes me realize I still have a lot to improve.
Asuka's a great creative thinker, while Rika has the fundamentals down pat. They complement each other well.
They may have gotten paired up by chance, but this has worked out perfectly.
Masaya: I'm counting on you to help Rika, Asuka.
Asuka: Yes, I'll do what I can to help Rika enjoy flying.
Masaya: I just can't stop thinking about it...
Later that evening, I'm home. However, I still haven't heard anything from Rika.
Normally, she's asking me a whole load of questions about the day's practice by this point.
But I've got nothing today, which leaves me with nothing to do but laze around.
Masaya: I should stop worrying so much...
I mean, worst case scenario, I can just say something when I see her at practice.
Masaya: Huh?
Is that the doorbell?
Mother: Masaya, I've got my hands full. Can you get it?
I hear Mom call me from the first floor. She's probably cooking dinner.
Masaya: Okay!
I get out of bed and head toward the stairs.
And when I'm halfway down them, I cock my head.
Masaya: Hold up.
This seems familiar.
Masaya: Hasn't something like this happened before...?
Masaya: ......
Rika: Ah...!
I open the door and see a girl with a deadly serious expression on her face.
Masaya: (Yeah, this is just like the first time we met.)
This girl, who's wearing cow mittens and holding a cow pot as she looks up at me, is none other than...
Rika Ichinose.
Masaya: (So, is this... stew?)
The pot contains something that doesn't really seem to fit the image of the person holding it.
It seems like the sort of dense pork stew you'd find in a random bar.
I mean, don't get me wrong, it looks delicious, but it seems like food fit for a rough man instead of someone as cute as Rika.
Man, this is a <i>huge</i> shock...
Rika: U-Um!
Rika breaks the silence before I can think of anything to say.
Rika: I, uh, made this pork stew...
Rika: And I think it came out pretty well!
It <i>does</i> look pretty damn great. Feels like I can taste it based on the smell alone.
Rika: I used lots of brown sugar and potato shochu. It's similar to how they make tonkatsu on Kanoshima.
Rika: I also used pork from berkshire pigs that were raised in Kanoshima, which gave it a really rich flavor, so the taste of the fat should spread through your mouth as you chew...
Rika: Oh, and I made sure to thoroughly cook it in a pressure cooker, which means the eggs should be pretty tasty.
Uh, cool? Not really sure why she's basically giving me her recipe right now...
Wait, is this the reason she went home early?
Rika: So, um...
Rika: Well, I'd love for you to try some!
Masaya: O-Oh, okay... Thanks.
I manage convey my gratitude despite the stuttering.
Rika: A-Also...
Rika: Would you mind chatting with me through our windows when you're done eating?
Oh, I see...
That conversation will probably take a while, so she prepared this dish to thank me in advance.
I know she's diligent, but this is <i>way</i> more than what I'd expected.
Masaya: Do you wanna talk about FC?
Rika: Yes.
Masaya: Then I've got no reason to refuse. I <i>am</i> your coach, remember?
Rika: Oh... Thank you very much!
Rika happily bows to me.
Rika: If you'll excuse me, then.
She came in and out like a storm.
Masaya: ......
But the only trace of her that's left is the warm pot of beef stew in my hands.
Masaya: I really hope I can ease her mind, <i>especially</i> since she gave me this...
The warm steamy scent of the stew wafts into my nose as I mull over my thoughts.
Masaya: ...But yeah, it tasted really, <i>really</i> good.
Rika: Oh... I'm glad you liked it.
Both of my parents, but especially my drunkard of a dad, loved Rika's stew. Needless to say, I did as well.
In fact, it was so wonderful that I've started to think all you really need in life is food that's the perfect mixture of salty and sweet.
Masaya: It tasted a lot different from what I'm used to. Were there a lot of special ingredients?
Rika: You're probably thinking of the potato shochu and brown sugar.
Rika: I took a recipe for Kanoshima tonkotsu and adapted it for stew.
Oh, right. She did mention that earlier.
Masaya: That reminds me, you came here from Kanoshima, right?
We haven't really talked about her past before.
Rika: Yes.
Rika: So, would you mind moving on to what I wanted to discuss?
Masaya: Oh, okay. Let's do it.
Based on how quickly she's changing the topic, I get the feeling that she doesn't wanna talk about her time on Kanoshima.
Rika: Was that exercise today something Shindou-senpai taught you?
Masaya: Not entirely, but he did help.
Rika: I've never practiced flying backward for so long.
Masaya: Figured.
Rika: Would you mind telling me what the purpose was?
Masaya: Sure.
I explain my thoughts to Rika.
Rika's diligent personality means she has a flawless grasp of the fundamentals. On the other hand, she struggles when anything unexpected occurs.
With that in mind, I tried to create a totally unpredictable environment to train her to deal with the unknown.
Masaya: Also, it should help strengthen your communication with your second.
Rika: Yes, I realized that. It made me think of how important a skilled second is.
She gives me a firm nod.
Well, I'm glad she at least understood that part on her own.
Rika: Haaah...
...What's with the long sigh?
Masaya: What, don't like my methods?
I kinda assume she doesn't, given the way she acted during practice.
And I can't really blame her. This must be way crazier than her usual practice at Takafuji.
Rika: No, not at all. That sigh was, well...
Rika: I was just thinking how pathetic I am.
Masaya: Uh, what?
Rika: I know where my own faults lie, but because I can't accept them, I never get any better.
Rika: Satouin-senpai once told me that this problem comes from my personality.
Masaya: Yeah, she mentioned that to me during the summer tournament.
That conversation we had is related to why I'm coaching Rika now.
Rika: But I was too obstinate, and didn't act fast enough to cover up my own weakness.
Rika: I wish I'd done something sooner.
Masaya: It's not your fault. No one wants to admit they have a major weakness.
Masaya: At this point, you just have to think about how to proceed.
Rika: Honestly, I'm still unconvinced.
Masaya: Well, I'm glad you're being honest at least.
It'd be weirder if she suddenly accepted everything.
Her diligent nature is a huge plus at times like this.
Rika: But I'll do my best.
Masaya: With practice, you--
It's good to put a lot of effort into practice.
Rika: I'm going to become strange!
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...Huh?
She's going to become... strange?
What the hell does that mean?
Rika: Playing by the book won't help me improve, so I'm going to try and become strange, you know, as in different.
Rika: That's what I need to do, right Masaya-san?
Masaya: Oh, uhhh...
How should I put this...?
I was just mixing things up in practice to loosen Rika up a bit.
So I'm glad it's made her want to change, but...
Masaya: (This problem lies even deeper than I thought...)
I never thought she'd end up looking me dead in the eye and declaring that she's going to "become strange."
Rika: Did I just say something weird...?
She stares at me as I remain silent.
At which point...
Masaya: Pfft...
I can't help it.
It's hard not to laugh when she's saying that with a straight face.
Rika: Masaya-san...?
Rika says my name, seemingly even more confused.
Masaya: S-Sorry... I'm sorry, uh...
No, bad Masaya. Don't laugh when she's being all sincere.
Instead, I need to tell her things that will make her have more fun.
Masaya: It's good that you're thinking so hard about what you need to be doing.
Masaya: But if you go too far, you risk being too stiff about it, which would make it pointless.
Rika: Ah...!
Masaya: So I need you to relax and let your hair down a bit, you know? It might be hard for you to do right now, but you should give it a try.
Man...
I'm starting to sound a lot like Aoi-san.
Rika: I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't be so stiff all the time.
Rika: I just can't help feeling bad for everyone...
Masaya: You mean everyone at Takafuji?
Rika: Oh, well them too, but...
Rika: ...Forget it.
Masaya: Okay...
Guess she doesn't wanna talk about it.
Maybe it has something to do with how she's always so diligent.
But she never talks about herself, so I have no way of knowing.
She must have a lot on her mind...
Rika: Um, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Yeah?
Rika: Thank you very much.
Masaya: What for?
Rika: Well, I can tell you've been thinking very hard about me, so...
Rika: I wanted to thank you.
Masaya: I'm your coach. Of course I'm gonna think about my players. Besides...
Rika: ...Besides?
Masaya: Oh, no, it's nothing. I'm sorry.
Rika: Huh...?
The words almost slip out of my mouth.
But I manage to hold them in.
I can't just say, "I don't want you to end up like me." That would just pressure her.
Rika: Looks like we both have things we find difficult to say.
Masaya: Yeah, guess so.
Rika: I do hope you'll tell me more about yourself one day, Masaya-san.
Masaya: And I hope you'll do the same, Rika.
Rika: Maybe when we become a little closer.
Masaya: Closer than bringing me pork stew?
Rika: That's more on the neighborly side of things, wouldn't you say?
What, she's saying that doesn't mean much?
I bet most people wouldn't make pork stew for any random friend, though...
Masaya: Okay, it's a promise.
Rika: Okay!
Practice is over for the day. Everyone's changed back into their uniforms, so now we're just hanging out in the clubroom.
Asuka: It's kind of chilly today... Should I make some tea?
Misaki: Oh, yeah, that'd <i>really</i> hit the spot.
Mashiro: I'll help you out... Huh? Hold on...
Mashiro looks over at Madoka.
Mashiro: Where do we keep the tea bags again?
Madoka: Hm? Under the desk, I think? If they're not there, then I dunno.
Masaya: You "dunno"...? Aren't you in charge of the clubroom?
Madoka: Yeah, but lately, I've left most of that work to Rika-chan.
Misaki: This is negligence, negligence I say! Must punish her! Bring Madoka to justice!
Madoka: Oh, <i>come on,</i> do you have any idea how much work I have on my plate?! It's tough being a manager, okay! Geez!
Masaya: She does always leave it sparkling clean.
Mashiro: It looks kind of dirty right now, though...
Madoka: Hey, don't ignore me!
Masaya: I wasn't complaining about you or anything, Madoka. I'm just surprised by how seriously Rika takes her work.
Madoka: Mrr... Grr... Grr... I mean, I guess she <i>is</i> diligent. She's always doing things for me.
Misaki: Oh, is she now?
Madoka: Yep! Like, it's such a pain to clean the windows, so I never bother, but she does them without me even asking. And I figured I could get away without sorting the desk out, but she did it.
Mashiro: So you realize those are all a part of your job, but you ignore them anyway...
Asuka: I wonder how Rika-chan's doing?
Misaki: Yeah, I kinda miss her. She was fitting in real well.
Masaya: Yeah...
It happened five days ago.
Rika: It's been a week since you started allowing me to practice with you.
Rika: I'd like to see how things are at Takafuji, so I was thinking of spending a little time practicing over there.
Asuka: You should just forget all that and practice here forever.
Rika: Um, I'm very happy to hear you say that, but...
Masaya: Asuka, Rika's a Takafuji player. Of course she's gonna want to know what's going on back there.
Rika: Um... You really have taught me a lot, so if it's not any trouble, I'd love to come back again...
Asuka: It's no trouble at all. You're a huge help!
Misaki: Yeah, <i>totally.</i> You're welcome any time.
Mashiro: Mhm!
Masaya: There you have it. You let us practice a lot more stuff, so we're glad to have you.
Rika: Th-Thank you very much!
Asuka: Oh, but since you've decided to go back to Takafuji for a while, what will you do about today's practice?
Rika: Hm, I'm not sure...
Asuka: Really?
Rika: Yeah... Though, I would love to practice with you, Asuka-san.
Asuka: Aww, then promise you will next time!
Rika: Okay!
Asuka seems to have taken a liking to Rika.
And because of that, she doesn't want to see her go.
Rika: I'll definitely be back before too long. I'm looking forward to practicing with you all again.
I wonder how long it'll take?
Asuka: Rika-chan will come back, won't she?
Masaya: I'm sure she's got stuff to do over at Takafuji... But yeah, we just have to wait.
Asuka: It's so depressing not knowing when she'll come back, though...
Mashiro: That's what waiting for someone is like.
Mashiro consoles Asuka with a mature tone.
Misaki: Say, why don't we just crash their practice?
Masaya: Huh? What do you mean?
Misaki: Literally what I just said.
Misaki: Rika-chan's taking ages to come back, so we'll go join Takafuji's practice and casually put the pressure on her. Great idea, yeah?
Madoka: Ahahaha, how would that be casual? It'd be totally obvious.
Misaki: But it'll at least show her how we feel.
Masaya: No. Takafuji students have their own stuff to do. We can't just interfere.
Mashiro: You're just saying that, Senpai. I know you want Rika-san to come back quickly.
Masaya: ...Well, it <i>would</i> make the clubroom less of a mess.
Madoka: It is <i>not</i> a mess! I clean up!
Misaki: Oh my... Madoka-san, look at the windows and desks... Care to explain exactly how you've been cleaning them?
Madoka: Don't act like you're my mother-in-law!
Madoka: Mrr... Grr... Grr... Managers have a lot on their plates, you hear?!
Masaya: Having Rika here is a huge help, and we can do so much more in training, but--
Asuka: Then it's decided! We'll all go to Takafuji and see Rika-chan!
Masaya: Uh, no? When'd we decide on anything?
Mashiro: What's the problem with just going over for a visit?
Great, they're not listening to reason. Guess there's no stopping them now.
I'm a little surprised that Mashiro's so invested, though. She's never shown a strong attachment to anyone other than Misaki before.
Masaya: Well, if you all insist, I'll think about it.
Masaya: But we can't cause any problems for Takafuji, got it? That means no demanding she returns this instant or anything.
Asuka: Roger!
Mashiro: Understood.
Misaki: Hehe, but aren't you the one who wants her to come back most, Masaya?
Masaya: ...What's that supposed to mean?
Misaki: Ahahaha, I wonder... Think it over carefully.
Misaki waves her hand and gives me a coy smile.
Madoka: Okay, I'll call the Takafuji Academy FC Club and ask if we can come over at some point. They can't complain if we get permission first, right?
Masaya: True. Good idea.
Asuka: We're all going to practice at Takafuji!
Misaki: It'll be a good change of pace, and we get to see Rika-chan again. Masaya's already grinning like a madman.
Masaya: I am not!
After that, we confirm a visit to Takafuji in two days.
It's now evening, so everything's tinged orange because of the setting sun.
Asuka's gazing out of the window.
Asuka: The sun's setting.
Misaki: Sure is.
Apparently Takafuji were only having a light practice session today, after which they'd have a meeting, then end club activities for the day.
Rika said she'd head right over to meet us once all that was done.
We're anticipating several people from Takafuji wanting to do a joint practice session with us, so I have the girls stretching to make sure they're warmed up.
Misaki: Gotta take stretching <i>super</i> seriously when you're at a fancy place like this.
Uh, no...
Masaya: You should always take it seriously.
Misaki: What, did that make it sound like I don't normally take it seriously?
Masaya: It did. Do your stretches properly and you'll have more range of motion in your joints, which will help you during matches.
Mashiro: How is having more range of motion in our joints an advantage?
Asuka: You know how you have to move your whole body when you're in dogfights? Having more range of motion helps you change course at tighter angles and stuff.
Mashiro: Wow, it's like you've been possessed by Masaya-senpai.
Asuka: Hehe, I actually asked Coach the same question once. Oh, also, being able to move your arms more means you can touch more areas.
Mashiro: Touch more areas... Th-That sounds so sexual...
Masaya: It's not. Anyway, as I was saying, just make sure to take your stretches seriously.
Misaki: Yeah, yeah. Man, those Takafuji guys sure are taking their sweet time.
Masaya: Mhm...
Asuka: What are they up to?
Masaya: I bet their meeting just dragged on late.
Madoka: Wouldn't Rika-chan have told us that?
Mashiro: Yes, she does seem like the type to keep people in the loop.
Misaki: If she couldn't use her phone for some reason, she'd come flying to meet Masaya directly, even if it was raining. That's just the type of girl she is.
Masaya: Uh, literally no one would ever do that.
Asuka: It's probably nothing, but we've been waiting so long that I'm getting a little nervous.
Madoka: ...Did I tell them the wrong meeting time?
Masaya: Oh, come on.
Madoka: It'll be fine, I'm sure I got it right... I hope.
Misaki: You sure it'll be fine?
Madoka: It will be! I may skip out on cleaning, but I'm the best when it comes to most other stuff!
Masaya: So you're admitting you skip out on cleaning...
Masaya: Oh? It's from Rika.
Madoka: See, told you it was fine!
Asuka: Maybe she's about to say she's on her way?
Masaya: Yeah, probably.
I raise my phone to my ear.
Masaya: Hello--
My greeting is drowned out by Rika's voice.
Rika: Masaya-san!
Huh?
I immediately tense up.
Masaya: What's wrong? Did something happen?
Everyone: Huh...?
Asuka: Huh...?
Misaki: ...Hm?
Mashiro: Huh...?
Madoka: Huh...?
Everyone stares at me, having noticed my change in tone.
Rika: Th-This is really bad! Please come to the beach at once! Please!
Masaya: Huh? What's going on? H-Hello?
She abruptly cut the call. I doubt she heard me.
Asuka: What was that? Is something wrong?
Masaya: Apparently something bad happened and we need to get to the beach. That's all she said.
Mashiro: S-Something bad?
Asuka: What could it be?
Misaki: W-We should hurry!
Masaya: Wait, calm down.
Misaki: How are we supposed to calm down after hearing that!
Masaya: It might just be that someone got hurt during practice and Rika's in a rush because of that.
Misaki: O-Oh...
Masaya: Madoka, have you got the first-aid kit?
Madoka: Of course! Though that just means I brought the tape, plasters, and cold spray.
Masaya: Great. Let's head over.
The sun continues to set as we run toward the beach.
Asuka: Rika-chan... Do you think she's okay?
Masaya: We'll find out once we get there.
From the phone call, it sounded like something had happened to one of the other club members, so at least Rika's fine...
Still, I've never heard Rika so flustered before, which makes it hard not to worry...
Masaya: (No point thinking about it now. I've gotta hurry.)
We finally arrive at the beach.
Everyone: Huh?!
Masaya: Huh?!
Asuka: Huh?!
Misaki: Huh?!
Mashiro: Huh?!
Madoka: Huh?!
Asuka: I-Is everyone okay?!
Masaya: What happened here...?
There are one, two, three Takafuji players passed out on the sand.
It looks like they've collapsed from sickness or something, but nothing indicates their lives are in danger. What a relief.
Madoka: We don't know what's wrong, so don't go touching them. Moving them might make things worse.
Masaya: Madoka's right. No touching.
Right as I say that, one of the collapsed players moans.
Satouin: Ugh... Ughhh!
Asuka: Oh, Satouin-san! A-Are you okay?!
Asuka rushes over to Satouin-san.
Mashiro: What's going on...? Ah!
Mashiro suddenly freezes.
A moment later, we all notice the same thing.
Mashiro's staring at something.
Or rather, someone.
A girl stands before us, backed by a gloomy cluster of clouds.
Long arms. Long legs. Long hair. Long body. Long... well, everything.
Other than us, she's the only one still standing.
Her upper body hangs limp, like its broken, as she wriggles around like a venomous snake.
Then, she twists as she turns to face us.
Those are some impressively flexible joints...
Masaya: Ngh...
I spot her eyes through gaps in her long hair.
Those are a warrior's eyes, but that's not all.
You see people's eyes transform like that during matches. It's a natural side effect of competition.
But hers are on a whole different level. There's a thirst for blood in them that's akin to a carnivore staring down its prey.
Girl: ......
She draws in a sharp breath.
Something similar to fear shoots through me. I feel like she'll suck me in if I don't keep my feet rooted to the spot.
Masaya: Wh-What is all this? Do you know what happened here?
Girl: Heh heh heh!
A faint laugh echoes around me and rattles my eardrums.
No, I can't give in to fear. Put on a brave front, Masaya...
Masaya: I asked you what the hell is going on!
Girl: ......
The girl takes a single step toward us.
Everyone: Ah!
Masaya: Ah!
Asuka: Ah!
Misaki: Ah!
Mashiro: Ah!
Madoka: Ah!
That alone makes us all wince and take half a step back.
I feel an immense pressure flowing out from this girl.
Girl: It's over.
Masaya: Huh?
That seems to be her activation key, since her Grav Shoes start up.
Girl: ......
She doesn't say another word before flying off toward the sea.
I can hear my heart rapidly pounding in my chest.
Asuka: Wh-Who was that?
Masaya: I feel like I've seen her before...
I can't remember where, though.
Misaki: Shouldn't we chase her? A-And like, arrest her or something?
We don't even know if she's done anything. Though, given the situation...
Masaya: No, treatment comes first. They probably have concussions, so go check if they're conscious or not, but avoid shaking them.
Mashiro: Understood.
Perhaps...
Asuka: Satouin-san, are you okay?
Satouin: Ugh... You're Asuka Kurashina. And the others...
I explain that everyone's going around checking on her fallen comrades.
Masaya: Don't worry. It seems like most of them are conscious. We'll stay with you until you've all had a chance to recover a bit.
I raise my head as I hear the sound of oncoming footsteps.
Shindou: What on Earth happened here?
Shindou-san's face is warped in shock. Behind him is Rika, who's ghostly pale.
Rika: I don't know. Everyone who had a match collapsed, one by one...
Rika's voice is trembling.
Rika: What is this... What in the world...?
Masaya: Calm down, Rika. Panicking won't help anyone right now.
Shindou: Hinata-kun's right.
Rika: R-Right.
Rika gives us an awkward nod.
Masaya: Let's carry those we can move to the infirmary.
Misaki: Roger.
Mashiro: Understood.
Asuka: You should head to the infirmary too, Satouin-san.
Satouin: I'm perfectly fine... Prioritize the others.
What a model leader.
Masaya: Seriously though, what happened...?
None of this makes any sense.
Guess I'll wait until things have settled down a bit to ask.
We carry the people with concussions to the infirmary, then send the others from Kunahama home.
Having a crowd of people from another school around among all this chaos is likely to make matters worse.
I remain behind with Shindou-san, Rika, and Satouin-san. Luckily, she seems to have gotten off lightly.
The other students had relatively minor symptoms too, but they were still worse for wear, so we took them to the infirmary anyway.
Rika: Are you sure you shouldn't go to the hospital?
Satouin: I'm fine, I do not have a headache nor do I feel nauseous. I believe it would better for me to rest here than force myself to move and go to a doctor.
Satouin-san forms a faint smile in an attempt to relieve Rika's worries.
Satouin: However, I'll visit a doctor tomorrow morning, just in case.
Shindou: Now then, do you think you could tell me what happened?
Satouin-san looks at me.
Satouin: Masaya Hinata, did you see another Skywalker on the beach?
Masaya: Yeah, I did. A girl with really long limbs.
Satouin: You know who that was, don't you?
Rika: Huh? Is she an acquaintance of yours?
Masaya: Oh, well... I feel like I've seen her before...
Satouin-san breathes an exasperated sigh.
Satouin: Did we not both see her at the summer tournament? The player from Dougaura, remember?
I think back to the summer tournament.
There was a player from Dougaura that was disqualified right at the start of her match.
Masaya: Yeah, I remember now. She's the one who got disqualified for repeatedly touching her opponents on the first line.
Satouin: Indeed. I believe her name was Kurobuchi.
Rika: Kurobuchi-san, you say?
Shindou: What did this Kurobuchi do?
Satouin: It was after our after-practice meeting had ended, and most of our players had gone home.
Satouin: Four of us, including myself, remained behind on the beach for some personal training. We planned to stay a short while, then head out to meet the Kunahama FC Club.
Rika: That was when Kurobuchi-san appeared.
Satouin: She asked us to have a practice match with her.
Shindou: She wanted a match?
Satouin: We'd already finished our practice sessions for the day, so we declined. However...
Rika: Kurobuchi-san seemed very gentle and unassuming. She said she really wanted to play a match against Takafuji, and begged to get a chance to learn from us. She kept on bowing, and so Hayashida-san...
If I remember right, Hayashida-san's a guy in his sophomore year.
Rika: Hayashida-san said that if she really insisted, he'd face her. And at the point, even Satouin-senpai found it hard to stop him.
Satouin: In hindsight, I wish I had refused...
Anyone would find it hard to refuse someone who was desperately pleading.
And that only gets harder once someone agrees. Stopping them there would have been impossible.
Satouin: When the match started, Kasumi Kurobuchi immediately jumped to the second line. It was there that an intense dogfight broke out. Not long after it started, Hayashida-san started acting odd.
Shindou: During the dogfight?
Rika: Yes. At that point, Kurobuchi-san said that he seemed unwell... and that he most likely had suffered a concussion.
Satouin: And so, we used the emergency equipment to lower Hayashida-san down to the beach.
Shindou: Why did the matches continue after that?
Satouin: We thought it was just a coincidence. Kasumi Kurobuchi seemed incredibly apologetic.
Rika: We all felt sorry for Kurobuchi-san. Hayabashi-san's concussion only seemed light, so Satouin-senpai and I looked after him and Igarashi-san continued the match in his place...
Igarashi-san is a girl in her sophomore year. One of the ones who practiced with Misaki and the rest during the training camp.
Rika: But before long, the same thing happened...
Masaya: What?
Satouin: She came down with a concussion.
Masaya: Ah...!
I find myself gulping.
Rika: At that point, Kurobuchi-san looked down at Satouin-senpai and I, and her lips seemed to curl up ominously.
Satouin: She was smiling down at us... sneering at us.
Masaya: ...She was sneering at you?
Satouin: That was when I realized she'd been aiming to concuss our players all along.
Masaya: You figured that out, but still chose to face her.
Satouin: Yes, though it brings me great shame me to admit this, I rose to her provocation.
Shindou: It's weird that you lost your composure like that. You're usually pretty calm and collected.
Satouin: I can see that now.
Shindou: But you couldn't at the time?
Satouin: No. I'm not sure how best to describe it, but Kasumi Kurobuchi had this aura about her...
Rika: I felt that she had a weird aura about her too.
An aura, huh?
Masaya: Could you go into a little more detail?
Rika: It was sort of terrifying. Simply watching her made my legs feel unsteady, as if I was being sucked into her.
Shindou: Did you get the same feeling, Satou-kun?
Satouin: I did. I knew I shouldn't have done it, and yet... I suppose it's best to say she kindled my fighting spirit in a negative manner instead of a positive one.
Damn, that sounds intense.
Masaya: You do get players like that.
Shindou: True.
They're few in number, either because it's difficult to act that way or simply because few players choose to try and learn how to.
I'm not talking about people who just jeer and taunt here. These are players that provoke you with everything they have.
Every single slight gesture, the look in their eyes, their expression, their hand positioning.
The image of Kurobuchi on the beach floats back into my mind.
When I think about it, she really did feel like one of those players.
Before I knew it, she was already in control, already drawing me toward her.
There are times when your opponent will attack relentlessly, and you find yourself thrown off pace with your stamina depleted. And at that point, you're dancing in the palm of their hands.
It seems on this occasion, Satouin-san was made to dance.
Rika: When Satouin-senpai started getting drawn in, I realized I probably wouldn't be able to stop the match... so I phoned Masaya-san and ran back to school to get you, President.
Shindou: I think you made the right call.
Masaya: You shouldn't blame yourself either, Satouin-san. Your opponent probably has a lot of experience. Any normal person would've given in.
Satouin: No, I do blame myself. I was defeated by Kasumi Kurobuchi on all accounts.
She's as strict on herself as always.
Shindou: So, what caused the concussions?
Satouin: I'm not quite sure. I saw the first two get tangled up with her, and then they ended up as you saw.
Masaya: Is that really all that happened?
Just getting tangled up with your opponent wouldn't result in a concussion... unless there was something special about the way it occurred.
The only possibility is that foul play was involved.
And even then, it's hard to do it without anyone noticing.
Does Kurobochi have some sort of trick up her sleeve?
Shindou: In any case, I'm going to file an official complaint with Dougaura. This isn't something we can ignore.
Rika: ...Why did Kurobuchi-san target us?
Shindou: I have no clue.
Satouin: Nor do I.
Masaya: I imagine the only way to find out is to ask her directly.
Rika: ...You're right.
Rika hangs her head and stares at her feet.
Rika: Perhaps... But...
I'm on my way home with Rika.
The shock from what happened earlier has kept her from saying much of anything this whole time.
Masaya: I'd tell you not to worry, but I know you won't listen...
Rika: ......
Masaya: Still, you should try to relax a little. I imagine Kurobuchi will at least be banned from playing external matches after we speak to Dougaura.
Rika: Yes... I suppose.
Masaya: Right.
Rika: ......
Masaya: Hm...?
Rika abruptly comes to a halt.
Rika: I'm... very scared.
Masaya: I get that.
Rika: No, you don't.
Masaya: Oh?
Rika: I don't think Kurobuchi-san was looking down at Satouin-senpai. I think she was looking down at me.
Masaya: Really?
Rika: I think so. I can't say for certain, but... I think she was targeting me. It felt like she was drawing me in... If Satouin-senpai hadn't stood in to protect me...
Masaya: You're saying Satouin-san took the fall for you?
Rika: I doubt she'd ever admit it, but yes. She saw me being sucked in, and then she...
Masaya: So what? None of that matters. Only Kurobuchi's to blame for this.
Rika: But if I were stronger...
Masaya: This isn't boxing or MMA. Giving someone a concussion isn't the mark of a strong Skywalker. If anything, it's the sign of a weak one.
Rika: No, that's not what I mean... Just... if I was stronger mentally.
Masaya: ......
Rika: If I'd been stronger, I wouldn't have fallen for her provocations. I could have stood firm and refused.
Masaya: Maybe, but there's no point brooding over that now.
Rika: I-I'm... scared...
Rika's shoulders are quivering slightly.
Rika: I don't know what to do if I ever face Kurobuchi-san again... I'm worried she might hurt me...
Her trembling grows more severe.
Masaya: It's okay!
Rika: Huh?
I wrap an arm around Rika's shoulders.
Masaya: Next time Kurobuchi comes for us, I'll be her opponent. I don't know how, but I'll drive her off.
Rika: O-Okay.
Masaya: Don't worry, Rika. Just trust in me.
Rika: Masaya-san...
Rika: Thank you very much.
Rika's expression softens as she thanks me.
I nod and squeeze down on her shoulders.
Then, I stay there until she finally stops trembling.
I explain what happened yesterday to everyone in the clubroom, then leave practice in Aoi-san's hands as I head to Takafuji.
I can't just ignore what happened. It's far too fresh in my mind.
I shoot Rika a text to let her know I'm on my way over.
When I arrive at Takafuji's practice area, I find Satouin-san and Rika standing alone.
Rika: Oh, Masaya-san.
Satouin: My, if it isn't Masaya Hinata.
Masaya: How're you feeling, Satouin-san?
Satouin: I went to the hospital this morning for a physical, but there were no abnormalities.
Masaya: I see. That's good to hear. What a relief... So, where's everyone else?
This usually vibrant place is eerily silent.
Masaya: Are they outside running or something?
Rika hangs her head in sorrow.
Rika: No. It's, uh... Today's activities have been canceled.
Satouin: That was what we decided.
Masaya: Because of the incident yesterday?
Satouin: Yes.
Yesterday, Kurobuchi went up against three of Takafuji's players, Satouin-san included, and gave them concussions.
Rika: Someone proposed that we should call off today's practice at our meeting...
Masaya: That's understandable.
Satouin: Indeed. Our members have grown anxious at the thought of Kasumi Kurobuchi returning.
I get why it's hard to practice with that thought looming over your head.
Satouin: Somehow, it feels like we're playing right into her hands...
Satouin: But I'm not the only member of this club, so this is not my choice to make.
She seems to regret the fact that they're skipping practice, but she <i>definitely</i> made the right decision.
Forcing people into action won't solve anything. Time will heal all wounds, especially once Kurobuchi gets punished.
So they just have to wait a little, since trying to manipulate their emotions is a bad idea.
Rika: Kurobuchi-san isn't the only reason we've called off practice.
Masaya: What's the other reason?
Rika: People rarely get concussions while playing FC, right?
Rika: So some people are wondering if there was a problem with our equipment.
Concussions are rare in amateur matches. I've never even heard of three people coming down with it in a row.
It makes sense that some anxious club members would rather come to that conclusion, though.
Satouin: We had a tradesman come over this morning to check our equipment, just in case, but they said there were no issues.
Masaya: What do you plan on doing now?
Satouin: I wish to resume club activities as soon as possible... However, I'm not quite sure how to begin.
Satouin-san only just became president. Taking over from Shindou-san would have been hard enough under normal circumstances.
But now that this has happened, it's going to be hard to maintain morale.
Masaya: I realize this is sudden, but how about we start a joint training camp tomorrow?
Satouin: Huh? Our two schools, you mean?
Masaya: Even assuming only you and Rika join, we'll have more than enough players to actually practice.
Satouin: ...You make a good point.
Masaya: I think once your other club members see you practicing, they'll follow suit before too long. The least we can do right now is try and keep things moving.
Rika: I agree with Masaya-san.
Satouin: Ichinose-san...
Rika: If there's someone willing to help us in this situation, I think we should accept. I don't believe Masaya-san has any ulterior motives.
Satouin: ...I'm not sure he's <i>completely</i> devoid of ulterior motives.
Rika: Huh? Really?
Masaya: I mean, getting to use your facilities free of charge is a pretty great perk.
Satouin: That wasn't the kind of ulterior motive I had in mind...
Satouin-san grins at me for a moment, then wipes any hint of emotions from her face.
Satouin: I do apologize, but I would be most grateful if we could count on Kunahama's support.
Masaya: You don't have to apologize. Our club members love practicing here, so it's our pleasure, really. This is gonna be great.
Satouin: I suppose you'll be the coach in this scenario?
Masaya: If you're fine with me.
Satouin: I have no problems at all. We shall begin tomorrow, then.
Masaya: Great, thanks.
Hm?
I hear footsteps behind me.
Rika: Oh, President...
Shindou: Hello. Oh, you're here too, Hinata-kun.
Masaya: Yeah, I was really concerned after yesterday, so I came by to check on you guys.
Shindou: I see. Well, I just got news that they've dealt with yesterday's incident. I'm here to deliver the verdict.
Satouin: Does that mean Kasumi Kurobuchi has been punished?
Shindou: She has.
Rika: ......
Rika holds her breath.
Shindou: Apparently, she's been suspended from external matches for a week.
Shindou-san says that in a calm tone.
Rika: Huh? That's all?
Satouin: I had assumed they would at least suspend her for the duration of the fall tournament.
Masaya: She played rough enough to give three people concussion, and that's all she gets?
Shindou: The prefectural FC committee made that decision, so there's nothing we can do.
Shindou: Apparently Kurobuchi-san seemed extremely apologetic about the whole thing, so they took that into consideration.
Masaya: ...She was apologetic, huh?
I remember how she looked after the incident. Is it even possible for her to feel remorse?
Rika: ......
Satouin-san's shoulders slump as she sighs.
Satouin: If that is their decision, then we must abide by it.
Rika: B-But... are you really okay with this, Satouin-senpai?
Satouin: How I feel doesn't matter. There is nothing more we can do.
Shindou: It's unfortunate, but she's right. It's our word against hers.
Rika: You mean they think we're lying?
Shindou: No, but we have no evidence. It's not like we have any witnesses.
Rika: But...
Satouin: The person in question was apologetic, and the whole thing could very well have been an accident. It's hard for them to punish her any harder because of that.
Rika: B-But three people actually got concussions!
Satouin-san's speaking softly, seemingly suppressing her emotions, while Rika seems to be giving in to her anger.
Satouin: It's my fault for rising to her provocations. Next time I won't accept her challenge, or, if I do, I won't fall in the face of her cheating ways.
Shindou: Satou-kun's right. There will always be players like her out there. The best thing we can do is think of a way to deal with them.
Rika: ...I guess so.
Masaya: By the way, Shindou-san, what do you think Kurobuchi did out there?
Shindou: Given those long limbs of hers, I imagine she mostly likely used pincers.
Masaya: We're on the same page, huh?
Rika: Um... what do you mean by pincers?
Satouin: You're aware that holding your opponent between both of your arms, or both of your legs, is against FC rules, correct?
Rika thinks for a moment.
Rika: Oh, yes. I'm aware. It's not allowed because it's dangerous.
Shindou: It's more accurate to say it <i>can</i> be dangerous.
Skywalkers are covered by anti-gravity membranes, meaning there's no risk of injury even when they collide.
Masaya: When you're caught in a pincer move, the impact to your membrane gets transferred directly to you.
Rika: What do you mean?
Masaya: For example, say you take an impact on your right side. Usually, you'd be moved left from the force. However, if your left side is held down, then that force is bounced straight back to your right.
Membranes allow Skywalkers to pull off some insane moves. Thanks to them, Airkick Turns and Cobras are possible, but at the same time...
Masaya: The force comes in from both directions and, having no way to escape, concentrates in the middle.
Rika: In the middle?
Masaya: When I say the middle, I mean the middle of the membrane. There's no danger to a player's internal organs.
Shindou: However, depending on the direction of the forces, it can cause concussions or even light sprains.
Masaya: You watched her matches. Did you ever see her holding her opponents between her arms or legs?
Rika: It was dark, and they kept switching places during the dogfight, so I can't say for sure. I feel like it may have happened, though...
Masaya: Do you remember anything, Satouin-san? You actually faced her.
Satouin: I believe my head might have been held from behind. However, I lost consciousness rather quickly, so I don't recall much...
Masaya: I see...
People tend to lose memories of what happened right before they got a concussion.
Shindou: It's hard to pull off a pincer move, since you have to be extremely close to your opponent. Any cautious Skywalker can avoid it for the most part. And that's what bothers me...
Masaya: Let me guess, you're wondering how she managed to pull it off three times in a row?
It's impossible to get a concussion unless the impact to your membrane is directed at your head...
But I have no idea how someone can do that intentionally.
Shindou: For now, let's not concern ourselves with Kurobuchi. Does that sound good?
Rika: ...Yes.
Rika nods, trying to conceal her dissatisfaction.
Shindou: ...Should I join you tomorrow as well?
Satouin: Honestly, there are many things I wish I could ask of you, but I'll have to refrain.
Shindou: Why? This is a state of emergency.
Satouin: That's exactly why. Takafuji has no future if we have to rely on our previous president at a time like this.
Satouin: This may be a rather difficult ordeal, but we must work through it on our own.
Shindou: I understand... I expect great things from you.
Satouin: I'll strive to live up to your expectations.
Satouin-san bows deeply, her mouth a tight, straight line.
Rika has kept her head tilted downward as we walked in silence, but she suddenly raises it.
Rika: I... can't forgive Kurobuchi-san.
Masaya: Same here.
Rika: But, um, well... there are two ways you can deal with that feeling.
Masaya: Uh, there are?
Rika: Yes. There are times where you can't forgive someone, so you want nothing to do with them... as well as times where you can't forgive someone, so you want to face them in a match.
She <i>actually</i> wants to fight her?
Masaya: ......
I take a long, hard look at Rika.
Rika: ...Huh? Did I say something strange? Is it... strange of me to want to face her?
Masaya: No, you didn't. I'm just surprised that's your first thought, I guess.
Rika: What do you mean?
Masaya: Like, you want to settle things in a match, against an opponent who fights dirty.
I've just realized she has that competitive side to her.
Can't believe I didn't think of that before. I mean, no one plays a competitive sport without it, so <i>of course</i> she does.
In fact, I'm pretty sure that side of her came out after her match with Misaki at the summer tournament.
Rika: I want to beat that cheater in a fair and square match, and make her realize the errors of her ways.
Masaya: You're surprisingly passionate at times, Rika.
Rika: I-I don't think that's true.
Masaya: Well, I know <i>exactly</i> how you feel.
She gave three people concussions.
It might be weird to say she wants to avenge them, but I understand why she wants to settle things with a match.
Masaya: Still, I think our best bet is to not get involved with her.
Rika: I realize that, I do.
Masaya: It seems like she's used to bending the rules and playing dirty. No matter what you try, she'll end up running circles around you.
Rika: Yes... I know that. But if we leave things be, aren't we just letting Kurobuchi-san get away with her crimes?
Masaya: Maybe, but if we avoid her entirely, things won't get any worse.
Rika: ...You're right. I'm sorry. I know that's the right choice, but I just...
Masaya: You understand, but you don't agree with it?
Rika: ...Yes. But I'm trying to. I want to support our new president as well as I can.
Rika: I'm sure Satouin-senpai has it worse than any of us.
Masaya: Yeah. But hey, I'm sure all the support you're giving her gets a huge load off her shoulders, Rika.
Rika: P-Please stop that.
Masaya: Stop what?
Rika: I still have a lot to learn... I really do. And that's why I'm trying my best to be of use to Satouin-senpai.
Masaya: You're fine as you are, Rika.
Rika: Oh no... I really do have a long way to go.
She aims a faint smile at me as she says that.
The first day of our joint training camp comes to an end, and Satouin-san bows to us.
Satouin: Thank you all for coming here today to help us practice. We couldn't have resumed our club activities without you. It was a most satisfying practice session.
The only participants from Takafuji were Satouin-san and Rika, but I'm sure the rest will come back if we keep this up.
Misaki: Oh no, thank you. Purracticing at Takafuji gets me <i>totally</i> pumped.
Mashiro: Yeah, all of us worked <i>super</i> hard today.
Seriously? That's it?
Masaya: Why don't you two try working this hard every day?
Misaki: Meh.
Rika: Thank you very much for today.
Asuka: Thank you too. I had so much fun practicing with you, Rika-chan!
Rika smiles, seemingly full of cheer.
Rika: I'm very happy to hear that. Thank you again.
Madoka: You're always so polite, Rika-chan.
Rika: Oh, yes. Sorry.
Asuka: You don't need to apologize for that.
Rika: Y-Yes. Sorry. Wait, um... forget I said that.
Everyone lets out a little laugh, after which Satouin-san gives a small nod.
Satouin: Let us end today's practice here. We'll gather at the same time tomorrow.
Asuka: Um...
Asuka raises a hand.
Masaya: What's up?
Asuka: I want to practice some more!
Misaki: Whoa, Asuka's firing on all cylinders today!
Asuka: Rika-chan taught me the Scissors, and I feel like I'll get the hang of it if I just push myself a little harder...
Rika: In that case, I'll stay behind and do some extra practice with you.
Asuka: Yay! Thank you so much!
Masaya: Well, I'm your coach, so I've gotta stay behind too.
Satouin: I must remain behind as well, since I am responsible for you all.
Asuka: I-I'm sorry! I didn't think I'd trouble all of you... I'll try to keep this short.
Madoka: You know, I doubt she'll succeed. Asuka's definition of short is pretty different from everyone else's.
Asuka: Th-That's not true... I think.
Rika: You don't need to worry. I learned a whole lot while flying with you, Asuka-san.
Satouin: It <i>is</i> important to provide your body enough rest...
Satouin-san casts her gaze over our whole group.
Satouin: I'll ask everyone else to head home for the day. It's important to know when to stop practicing, and we do not want this to become a habit.
Asuka: I'm <i>really</i> sorry!
Satouin: It's fine to do it on occasion, as long as you make sure to practice hard.
Asuka: I will!
Misaki: Kay, we'll head on home, then!
Mashiro: Good work out there today!
Madoka: Yeah, nice job. Catch you all tomorrow!
After that, the Takafuji club members also say their goodbyes and head out.
Rika: Right then, let's get started.
Asuka: Yes, that sounds great!
Satouin: Masaya Hinata.
Satouin-san quietly calls out my name as she stands next to me, looking up at Rika and Asuka.
Masaya: What is it?
Satouin: I don't know what would have happened if you hadn't come to our aid.
Masaya: Huh?
Satouin: I never once imagined my club members would come to dislike practicing, yet all it took was a momentary panic...
Satouin: This is a truly embarrassing moment in our proud history. You have my eternal gratitude. Thank you.
Masaya: Oh, its fine. We get a ton out of practicing with Takafuji, so why don't we just say we're even?
Satouin-san lets out a short chuckle.
Satouin: Very well then. But just so you know, we won't hold back if we face any of you in the fall tournament.
Masaya: And neither will we.
Satouin: I'd have it no other way.
With that, we return to watching Asuka and Rika practicing.
Hm?
Rika: ......
Rika suddenly comes to a halt, and is looking down from the field to an area behind where we're standing.
Masaya: What's wrong?
As I say this, I turn around.
Satouin: Ah...!
I spot a familiar figure with long arms and legs.
Kurobuchi.
Kasumi: ......
She's staring fixedly at us, as if judging the situation.
Masaya: Ah...!
I take a step toward her without even thinking about what to do or say when...
Satouin: ...Wait, Masaya Hinata.
Satouin-san holds out a hand to restrain me.
Satouin: This is our problem.
Masaya: ...I understand.
I might just complicate things by getting involved.
Rika: Satouin-senpai!
Asuka: Coach!
The two of them descend and turn off their Grav Shoes.
Satouin: Would you mind leaving this to me?
Rika: O-Okay.
Rika gives a firm nod.
Then, Satouin-san takes a step toward Kurobuchi.
Satouin: I don't suppose you're willing to tell me why you've come?
Kasumi: ......
Kurobuchi remains silent. And eventually, she suddenly bows in a way that makes it seem like her spine has snapped in two.
Kasumi: I came to apologize for yesterday.
Satouin: You did?
Kasumi: Yes, I came to apologize.
Tears are forming in Kurobuchi's eyes.
Kasumi: I truly am sorry for what happened.
What the hell?
She doesn't seem to be messing around, but it also doesn't look like a serious apology.
No, maybe that's not quite right. It makes me feel uncomfortable, like I'm in the wrong for not taking it seriously.
Kasumi: I can only hope for your forgiveness. If there's been a misunderstanding, I'd like to take this chance to clear it up.
Satouin: ...A misunderstanding? About what?
Kurobuchi repeatedly bows her head in apology.
Kasumi: Since... I ended up giving you all concussions.
Satouin: Concussions... Misunderstanding... You mean you wish to say that it was all accidental?
Kasumi: ......
Masaya: Huh...?
The discomfort is growing inside me.
Where is it coming from?
...Shit!
Kurobuchi's face remains deadly serious, but the corners of her mouth are slowly rising.
Kasumi: ......
Before long, an ominous smile has taken over her face.
Kasumi: Oh, I guess there was no misunderstanding.
Satouin: ...What do you mean?
Kasumi: You realized I did it on purpose. Hehehe.
Satouin: Wh-What's so funny?!
Kasumi: The fact that you've actually managed to face reality.
Satouin: I'm asking you why that's so funny.
Kasumi: You're scared of me after what happened, aren't you? And yet, you're forcing yourself to stand strong. It's hilarious...! Hehe, hehehe!
Satouin: Ah...!
Kasumi: Hehehehe. Haha, hahahahahaha! So, what now? You aren't just going to let this slide, right? Not after I humiliated three players from the <i>ever</i> so noble Takafuji.
Satouin: I have no intention of humoring you!
Kurobuchi suddenly puts on a charming smile.
Kasumi: Yes, yes, you're right. I understand.
Satouin: Understand what?!
This is bad...
Satouin-san's rising to her provocations.
I know I should find a way to stop this, but I feel like I'll just make things worse if I mishandle this.
Man...
She's <i>really</i> good at provoking people.
I mean, her words aren't anything too special. I'm sure there are tons of people better at getting a rise out of others that way.
But Kurobuchi's facial expressions and gestures are incredible. Though, it may be more accurate to say it's thanks to the precise movements of her facial muscles instead of her expressions themselves.
Her intentions are painfully clear.
There's scorn behind that charming smile.
And that gap is what gets under your skin.
But that's not all. You can feel something lurking beneath her charming smile and virtuous actions.
Her exaggerated bows make that obvious enough.
Simply watching her pisses you off. All her actions get under your skin...
Wait...
That aura...
I can feel a dark aura swirling around Kurobuchi.
This must be what Satouin-san was talking about.
Kasumi: I'm sorry, I truly do feel awful about it.
After saying that, she exhales an explosive breath.
Kasumi: But y'know, I honestly thought the last person would be more vigilant after seeing me humiliate two of her friends.
Satouin: ......
Kasumi: Wait, who was that last girl again?
Satouin: Leave at once! I have no intention of speaking to you!
Kasumi: Oh, please don't say that! Pretty please!
Kurobuchi keeps up her cheerful tone as she continues.
Kasumi: You feel so, so bad about it that you wanna cry, don't you? Well, that's why I'm here. Why not take this change to get your revenge?
Satouin: Whatever do you mean? You're prohibited from taking part in external matches.
Kasumi: My suspension lasts a week from tomorrow, which, I'm sorry to say, means I'm free for the day.
Satouin: Don't be absurd!
Kasumi: What's so absurd about it? Like I said, I'm only suspended starting tomorrow, so I can face as many people as I want right now.
Satouin: Kgh...!
Kasumi: C'mon, now's your chance to hurt me. Don't you wanna avenge your comrades? Let's do it!
Kasumi: Let's have an extra fun match!
Satouin: Ngh!
Satouin-san's shoulders tense up.
Masaya: Satouin-san?
Satouin: Masaya Hinata, I will be fine without you taking that concerned tone with me.
Satouin-san raises a hand to her mouth.
Satouin: OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO!
Kasumi: Huh...?!
I notice Kurobuchi gulp at the sudden outburst of laughter.
Satouin: Your repeated provocations are pointless. I shall not face you. Now, leave this place at once.
Kasumi: Hehe, hehehe...
Satouin: Why are you still laughing.
Kasumi: Someone behind you seems to have a different opinion.
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: Ah...!
Rika's face has gone bright red.
She's seething with anger.
It's ballooned inside her, threatening to explode at any moment.
I thought her silence was strange, but...
Rika: ......
I never expected her to get this worked up.
Rika: Do I really have to stay silent after all she's done?
Masaya: She's provoking you. Don't get angry. You have to ignore it.
Rika: You think it's that easy?
Masaya: I doubt it is...
Feels like all I'd have to do is shout "go" and clap her on the shoulder to make her snap and charge right at Kurobuchi.
Rika: How dare you talk to Satouin-senpai like that!
Kasumi: Why don't we have a match, then? C'mon, it'll be fun. I mean, look here, I went and got all the paperwork ready and everything.
Rika: Wh-What paperwork?!
Kasumi: I felt bad about interrupting you last time, so I made <i>real</i> sure to write up a proper proposal.
Kasumi: Would you really refuse a formal request?
Rika: Ah...!
Rika's anger intensifies.
Masaya: Listen, you have to calm down. If you go agree to a match right now, you'll be playing right into her hands.
Rika: I-I know that. I do.
Rika turns to face Kurobuchi with a stiff expression on her face.
Rika: I-I will not have a match with the likes of you!
Kurobuchi suddenly stoops forward like her head has literally fallen off, then twists her neck to look up at Rika from below.
Kasumi: Too bad.
Her lips form a grin.
The movements of her mouth alone make her scorn and disdain overwhelmingly obvious.
Few people can remain calm under so much abuse.
Kasumi: I don't plan on leaving until I have a match.
Her long hair flutters ominously.
Satouin: And I have no intention of playing a match!
Rika: Me neither!
Asuka: Can I do it, then?
Masaya/Rika/Satouin: Huh?
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: Huh?
Satouin: Huh?
Asuka: I'd like to face Kurobuchi-san.
Kasumi: Oooh, hehehe. I'm fine with anyone.
Masaya: Do you even realize what you're saying?
Asuka: There's something off about Kurobuchi-san, I think. FC is fun, right? It's strange for someone to act like this about something fun... and also very interesting!
Masaya: I wish you'd find this kinda stuff less interesting.
Asuka: You do? Still, I want a match!
Masaya: She plays dirty. You don't want to end up with a concussion, do you?
Asuka: I'm also interested in that!
Masaya: Well, don't be!
Asuka: But I just don't get it... Why would someone play dirty? That's what I want to find out!
Satouin: Asuka Kurashina, you mustn't rise to her provocations.
Asuka: Oh no, I wasn't...
Masaya: She really isn't, Satouin-san.
Satouin: Huh?
Masaya: Asuka just truly loves FC... That's why she's doing this.
Innocent, naive individuals often can't control their words and actions.
And that's what's happening to Asuka right now.
Asuka: I just want to do this because I'm interested! Kurobuchi-san is incredibly interesting!
Kasumi: Oooh, well now you've said that, I'm also... developing... an interest in you. Haha!
Kurobuchi lets out a refreshing laugh, then approaches us in a way that makes it look like she's dragging her long limbs behind her.
Kasumi: We'll have a match, yeah? Let's do it.
Asuka: Yes! Let's!
Masaya: ...No, you can't.
Asuka: But Coach!
Masaya: No buts.
Asuka: But!
Masaya: Ugh...
Asuka's eyes sparkle.
Asuka: Please let me do it!
I can sense that Asuka's moved beyond simple interest to determination.
Hm, maybe she has a plan to deal with whatever Kurobuchi throws at her?
Or maybe she feels this is important for more personal reasons.
I'm not really sure what her reasoning is, but her gaze is so powerful that it makes me falter.
Masaya: ......
Kurobuchi already has Satouin-san and Rika exactly where she wants them.
So, given the situation, they have no chance of beating her.
But Asuka...
Asuka hasn't been sucked in by her at all. All she's done is develop an interest.
Honestly...
Asuka might just have a shot here. Actually, I think she has a pretty good chance of winning, even.
I imagine Kurobuchi's strategy revolves around getting into her opponent's head, so she's safe from that.
Now, what to do...
Huh?
Kasumi: You're going to say yes, aren't you?
Before I know it, Kurobuchi is staring straight at me.
Masaya: S-Sure.
Asuka: Yay!
Satouin: Masaya Hinata!
Rika: ...Masaya-san.
A shiver runs down my spine.
I-I just...
I caved completely.
And if she hadn't chosen that exact moment to ask in that exact tone, I may not have agreed.
Where'd she learn to do all this?
Masaya: (She's terrifying...)
Fear runs through me.
But Asuka...
Asuka: I'm <i>so</i> excited!
She's smiling without even a hint of fear on her face.
Asuka, who loves discovering new things, should fly right by Kurobuchi's traps.
After that, Kurobuchi goes to change into her flight suit.
And when she returns, she immediately says something that makes me feel uneasy.
Kasumi: I don't have a second, so please don't use one against me!
Masaya: Hey, wait! I never approved of any rule changes.
Kurobuchi smiles provocatively.
Kasumi: Hehehe, I'll be waiting at first. Please try to make it quick.
She takes a cautious step back.
Kasumi: It's over.
Then, she says her ominous activation key and flies off toward first.
Rika: Masaya-san!
Rika suddenly closes in on me.
Satouin: Stop that, Ichinose-san.
Rika: B-But... he said we can't rise to her provocations...
Satouin: She manipulates her opponents perfectly. Masaya Hinata cannot be blamed.
Satouin-san's already faced Kurobuchi once, so she knows that better than anyone.
Satouin: Besides, he knows Asuka Kurashina very well. That's likely why he was willing to accept her challenge.
Masaya: Yeah, I think Asuka can win. Personality wise, she's the perfect person to fight Kurobuchi.
Asuka: I am?
Masaya: Probably, yeah.
I don't wanna say this to them, but I think the odds are in our favor.
If I felt differently, I never would've accepted this in the first place.
Rika: I understand... Please do your best out there, Asuka-san!
Asuka: I will! I know I was being all cheerful earlier, but... I'm doing this for all of you, too.
Rika: I see...
Asuka: Yes, I don't think we should just let her walk all over us!
Satouin: There is really no need for you to concern yourself with this matter.
Asuka: No, please let me! I want to win this match for all of you.
Asuka really thought this all through, huh?
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes?
Masaya: I don't know much about Kurobuchi, but I do know a bit about players who like to fight dirty.
You find some who are like that in higher levels of FC.
Masaya: Usually, your opponent gets a point if you break the rules, but there are players who'll throw away that point in order to take control of the game.
Asuka: You're saying their style is to run the match at their own pace?
Masaya: Exactly. You won't find many players like that at the student level, but are a bunch in the pro scene.
Masaya: All things considered, it's probably good that you get to experience it now.
Asuka: I want to play against a lot of different people!
Masaya: However!
I give Asuka an <i>extremely</i> stern gaze to get her to submit to me.
Asuka: Y-Yes?
Masaya: If you think things are getting too dangerous, forfeit at once. Promise?
Asuka: I promise!
Masaya: Okay, then the first thing you need to do is be careful on the first line.
Asuka: Why the first line?
Masaya: During the summer tournament, she pretended to accidentally bump her floats into her opponents enough times to get disqualified for it. Watch out for her doing the same here.
Asuka: She bumped her floats into them...? Can you do that on purpose? I've never actually thought about moving my own floats.
Masaya: Not normally, no. The membrane covering your body also covers your floats. Usually, they just trail behind you as you fly.
Asuka: You're right. I never pay attention to them during a match.
Masaya: Don't you think you'd be able to swing them around like you do when your Grav Shoes are turned off if the membrane covering them was <i>really</i> thin, though?
Asuka: Maybe, but can you actually weaken only a specific part of the membrane? Oh, is that something you can tweak in your Grav Shoe settings?
Masaya: No. I mean, if someone did that, there'd be proof of them playing dirty. The solution is to use a special agent.
Asuka: What do you mean?
Masaya: There's a special agent made from dioxane that inhibits the membrane. There are various opinions on why this works, but no one has a clear answer yet.
It's hard to imagine it would affect the anti-gravitons themselves, so people believe it affects the equipment producing them instead. However, there's no real proof either way.
Asuka: If we know the trick, shouldn't an inspection of her suit clear things up?
Masaya: You'd figure as much, but that doesn't work. For some reason, shaking around whatever you've smeared the agent on makes the effect vanish. If it looks like you're about to be inspected, you just have to casually shake around a bunch.
Asuka: Wow...
Masaya: If you keep on shaking during a tournament, the officials will consider it intentional foul play, but otherwise, it's hard to tell. Plus, cheaters are rare enough, so they're slow to actually inspect them.
Asuka: This isn't something normal, then.
Masaya: It's a special kind of foul play. If you get caught, you'd be immediately disqualified.
I glance up at Kurobuchi, who's waiting by first.
Masaya: If we ask to inspect her suit, she'll just shake the agent off ahead of time. We'd escape her trick that way, but I think we should just face it head on.
Asuka: ...Okay, let's do that.
Asuka gives a firm nod.
Masaya: If you manage to avoid that, she'll feel pressured because you know her tricks. And who knows, that may throw her off her game.
Asuka: We'll use it to turn the tables on her?
Masaya: People who fight dirty may seem strong, but that's only because most people don't practice with them in mind. If we show we know what we're up against, she might self-destruct.
Asuka: I understand. I just have to keep her from taking control of the game.
Masaya: Exactly. Basically, she'll try to swing her floats at you when you start, so stay out of her reach.
Asuka: Okay. This match will be decided right away on the first line.
Masaya: Yeah. But once you get through that, watch out during dogfights. She'll <i>definitely</i> try to use those long limbs to pincer you.
I told her about pincer moves yesterday.
Masaya: Kurobuchi may have long reach, but as long as you remain cautious, you should be able to avoid getting pincered.
She won't get a chance to even try unless they get real close.
Masaya: If it does happen, just start flailing your arms and legs around like a little kid throwing a tantrum.
Asuka spins her arms around.
Asuka: Like this?
Masaya: Yep, that's it. That should stop her from getting close to you.
Normally, doing that with your opponent close would just throw off your balance and provide an opening for them to exploit.
However, I figure you have to adopt a specific posture to use pincers, and that in that case, it should be hard to build up speed.
Thanks to that, shaking her limbs around wildly should be an effective strategy.
And if Kurobuchi really does go for a pincer move, I'll take that chance to intervene.
Masaya: Focus on speed during dogfights, and circle around her from a distance while targeting her back. We don't want you exchanging blows at close range.
Asuka: Understood.
Masaya: Alright, then go out there and give her hell!
Asuka: Roger!
Masaya: Don't get too reckless, you hear?
Asuka: I won't.
Asuka gives me a firm nod, activates her Grav Shoes, and flies over to first.
Satouin: This is quite something...
Masaya: Sorry, I know I shouldn't have given in to her demands like that...
Satouin: No, I was talking about how you thought up a method to counter Kasumi Kurobuchi already.
Masaya: Oh, well... I've been thinking about it for a while, actually. Figured one of my players might have to face her someday.
Can't say I expected it to happen this soon, though.
Rika: Masaya-san.
Rika seems unsatisfied.
Rika: Why did you give Asuka-san permission when you wouldn't give it to me?
Masaya: Because there'd be no point in you fighting her right now.
Rika: ...What do you mean?
Masaya: You're too worked up. She'd have you in the palm of her hand if you fought her right now.
Rika: No, but--!
Satouin: See? You just proved that you can't control your anger.
Rika: Ah...
Masaya: I'm not trying to be mean here, okay? If you think about it carefully, I'm sure you'll understand I'm right.
Rika: ...Yes, I do.
Rika barely manages to squeeze out those words.
She understands, but can't accept it.
Satouin: We never decided on a referee. Allow me to do the honors.
Satouin-san says that, then flies up to join the two girls in the sky.
Rika: I still have a lot to learn, don't I Masaya-san?
There's sorrow in her eyes.
Masaya: You're getting better by the day, but I can't let you face Kurobuchi right now.
Rika: ...Right now?
Rika reflects on my words, then falls silent.
Kurobuchi waits by first, a sharp smile cutting across her face.
Kasumi: You're actually gonna fight me, huh?
Asuka: I'm looking forward to it!
Satouin: You should refrain from idle chatter. The match is about to begin.
Kurobuchi glares at Satouin-san.
Kasumi: C'mon, let's start alreadyyy!
Satouin: Silence, Kasumi Kurobuchi.
Kasumi: Hehehehe, it's too bad I couldn't face you, Princess.
Satouin-san ignores Kurobuchi's rather obvious provocation.
Satouin: Are you ready, Asuka Kurashina?
Asuka: Sure am!
Satouin: Okay... Ready, set...
She pauses and sucks in a deep breath.
Satouin: Go!
I've heard Kurobuchi's a Speeder.
Meanwhile, Asuka's an All-Rounder.
Under normal circumstances, Kurobuchi wouldn't even bother trying to take on Asuka.
Asuka: Time to get going!
Kasumi: Ah...!
Asuka shoots forward with Kurobuchi in tow. Since Asuka's shoes give her better initial velocity, she remains in the lead.
I just hope she can keep this up...
I'm not sure how far Kurobuchi will take things, but at the pace she's going, she'll catch up to Asuka on either the second or third lines.
Asuka: Here I go!
Asuka twists her hips to the side, moving her lower body like she's launching into a dolphin kick.
Masaya: Oh...?
Rika: What's Asuka-san planning?
Asuka moves into the Scissors.
The serpentine Scissors is used in dogfights to make your opponent overshoot you and grant you access to their back. There's no need to use it on the first line during a competition of speed.
Masaya: Oh, actually, this is good.
Why didn't I think of this before?
Rika: How is this good?
Masaya: Without a second, it's pretty easy to lose track of where your opponent is. But when you're doing a Scissors, you move like a snake, so you just have to tilt your neck to see where your opponent is.
Rika: Oh, I see...
Masaya: This might even confuse Kurobuchi.
Rika: Asuka-san managed to think that up without any instructions from you...
Masaya: Asuka's a real creative Skywalker.
Rika: Creative, you say...
Kasumi: Ah...!
Kurobuchi's accelerating, seemingly irritated.
Be careful, Asuka.
Kurobuchi's closing the gap now.
Asuka: ......
You know what's about to happen, right? You're gonna be okay, right?
Here she comes, Asuka! She's right behind you!
Goddammit, it's hard not being able to scream into my headset.
You can do it, Asuka!
Kasumi: Sha!
A sharp, grating sound erupts from Kurobuchi's mouth as she thrusts both her hands forward.
Her floats shift forward in sync with her movements.
Asuka: Too slow!
Those floats cut right through the space Asuka was just in.
She managed to pull off a High Yo-Yo at the perfect moment.
Kasumi: Damn you!
Kurobuchi immediately brakes and turns upward to target Asuka's feet. This time, she swings her floats without even trying to pretend it's an accident.
Asuka: No way!
Asuka curls up her legs to dodge them.
Kasumi: Ngh!
Asuka: Ugh...
Asuka shifts straight into a half rotation forward, then starts diving toward the buoy.
Kasumi: Shit!
Shaking her floats for a second time has completely ruined Kurobuchi's form, meaning she can't give chase.
Asuka: I'll take the first point!
Rika: Asuka-san is incredible!
Kasumi: Ah...!
Asuka uses the recoil from the buoy to move down the second line, while Kurobuchi gives chase.
Not only did she dodge Kurobuchi's attack, but she also scored a point. What an impressive display.
Asuka smoothly accelerates off her buoy touch. Kurobuchi, on the other hand, recovers her form and jumps to the second line, though it doesn't seem like she has any hope of catching Asuka.
Asuka: Ah!
Asuka seems to be aiming for third.
Kasumi: Ah...!
If she can score two points off buoys against a Speeder, she'll be in a comfortable lead. And after that, she can just hold Kurobuchi in a dogfight on the third line until time runs out.
She's got this in the bag.
Asuka also had the option of ignoring third and challenging Kurobuchi to a dogfight on the second line.
Some players would get carried away by their success and immediately try to control the match.
However, ignoring your immediate advantage in favor of long-term gains is a smarter strategy.
Asuka's got a great mind for FC.
Asuka: Alright!
Asuka touches third.
Kasumi: ......
Kurobuchi is still far behind her.
She's slowly chasing after Asuka, who's now moved down the third line.
...Hm?
Rika: Something seems off.
Masaya: You're right.
Kurobuchi isn't picking up enough speed. This is odd.
Rika: Do you think her Grav Shoes are malfunctioning?
Masaya: Dunno. This could all be a feint.
Asuka: Huh...?
Asuka seems confused by all this, as she's constantly looking back to check on Kurobuchi as she flies.
Kasumi: Ngh!
It's clear that Kurobuchi's growing impatient.
Maybe she thinks it's too awkward to say her Grav Shoes are malfunctioning after how she taunted us?
Kasumi: ......
Kurobuchi jumps to the fourth line.
Asuka: And touch!
Asuka touches fourth.
Now it's 3:0.
Rika: Do you think she has a plan?
Masaya: Probably.
Asuka picks up speed as she soars down the fourth line...
Asuka: Ah...!
And somehow, she manages to shoot right past Kurobuchi, who was waiting for her on the latter half of the line.
Asuka: And touch!
The moment Asuka goes to touch first...
Kurobuchi calls out to her, which slows her down.
Kasumi: Kurashina-san, there's something I'd like to talk about...
What a beautiful voice.
The wind is carrying it all the way to my ears.
Kasumi: Kurashina-san, there's something I'd like to discuss...
Asuka: Huh? Oh, okay...
A shiver runs down my spine.
Kurobuchi has her head hung, so Asuka can't make out her expression.
But I can see her from down here. That beautiful voice is coming from the most ruthless of faces.
The corners of her mouth and eyes begin to curl up as she moves closer to Asuka.
Huh? Kurobuchi, you wouldn't!
I have to get Asuka out of there!
Masaya: Move! Just get away from there!
Satouin: Run!
Satouin-san cries out to her as well.
Asuka: Huh?
Kasumi: Actually... I lied!
Kurobuchi stabilizes her form.
It was a feint all along!
Kurobuchi spreads her limbs wide like a flying squirrel, then slams her entire body into Asuka.
Masaya: ASUKA!
Kasumi: Hahaha! Hahahahahahahahahahaha!
Asuka: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!
KUROBUCHI!
Asuka's stuck between Kurobuchi and the buoy.
This is no different from being caught in pincers. The force being applied to the membrane has nowhere to go, so it concentrates inside.
Under normal circumstances, it's easy enough to free yourself quickly and avoid injury.
However, the way Kurobuchi's spread out increases her contact points with Asuka, which also multiplies the force exerted several times over.
Asuka: Aaaaaahhh!
Simply having that increased force pass through your body would hurt, but depending on where it gets released...
Asuka could get a concussion!
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka's expression is blank.
Masaya: FLY!
I activate my Grav Shoes and shoot up into the air.
Kasumi: Haaaaaaaaah, hahahaha!
Kurobuchi's eyes are bloodshot.
Satouin: Ngh!
I use Satouin-san like a footstool to propel myself higher as I move to try and stop Kurobuchi.
Kasumi: Heh...!
Asuka hangs limp as Kurobuchi moves to attack her from above.
A Suicida. She's trying to push Asuka into the water.
Come on! I can make it!
Masaya: Ngh!
I slide between them and thrust both my arms up toward Kurobuchi.
Kasumi: Nghhh!
Masaya: Gah!
The recoil sends her flying up and me down.
My arms go numb from the jolt of the impact.
She actually tried to use a Suicida on Asuka after giving her a concussion?!
Masaya: The fuck was that?!
Kasumi: What, you're angry? Come on, I was just trying to teach her a lesson in humility. Haha, hahahaha...
Masaya: Get the fuck away from us. This pathetic excuse for a match is over. You're disqualified!
That was one of the dirtiest tricks I've ever seen.
Slamming your opponent into a buoy is immediate grounds for disqualification.
Kasumi: Being disqualified counts as a win in my book!
Satouin: I shall file a stern complaint with Dougaura! I will not allow you to get away with this!
Kasumi: Do whatever you want.
Satouin: Ngh!
Kasumi: Hehe, hehehehe! You're the only one left.
Rika: Huh?
Kurobuchi sends those parting remarks in Rika's direction before flying off.
Asuka: H-Huh? Coach?
Asuka's eyes flicker open.
Masaya: The match is over. Let's get you down and turn off your Grav Shoes.
Asuka: It's over?
Masaya: I'll explain later. For now, let's focus on getting back to the ground.
Asuka: O-Okay.
When we approach the ground, Asuka turns off her Grav Shoes and lands.
Rika: Are you okay, Asuka-san?
Asuka: Oh, um... yeah? I think I am.
Masaya: Does it hurt anywhere?
Asuka: Hurt? Oh, my wrist...
The pain slowly creeps up on her.
Masaya: Shit...
Masaya: That's gotta be a sprain. Your wrist is swelling up.
Rika: N-No way... This is horrible...
Satouin: Let me take a look.
Satouin-san examines Asuka's hand.
Satouin: ...This is absurd. I should have stopped them earlier, even if it meant putting myself in harm's way.
Masaya: No, this is my fault. I knew she'd play dirty, but I thought her main goal would still be winning... I should've predicted this.
Asuka: U-Um, please don't worry. It's really my fault for wanting to face her. Besides, an injury like this will heal in no time.
Asuka tries to raise her hand.
Asuka: O-Ouch...
It's obvious that the sprain won't heal nearly as fast as she's claiming.
Satouin: Don't move. I'll get the cold spray and bandages.
Masaya: Thanks. Let's head to the hospital after I finish bandaging you up.
Asuka: I'm fine, really...
The forced smile on Asuka's face pains me.
Rika: I can't forgive her for this... I just can't...
Rika mutters to herself in anger.
Aoi: I see. That's what happened, huh?
I informed Aoi-san and Shirase-san about the whole affair.
Shirase: That's insane. She already has a reputation as a dirty player, but she's still at it?
Aoi: She's something of a legend. From what I've heard, that Kurobuchi girl is exceedingly vicious.
Masaya: Yeah, it's disgusting.
I doubt I'll ever forget what she's done to us.
But why's she doing all this? What's driving her to go so far to hurt people?
If I learn the answers to those questions, I can probably think up an effective way to counter her.
Shirase: This is a real pain. It'll be hard to do anything when her strategy isn't even based on trying to win.
Aoi: Yeah...
Masaya: I still wanna figure out a way to beat her. We can't let this go unanswered.
Aoi: You'd rather get even by crushing her dirty tactics in a match, then?
Masaya: Yeah. I want us to beat Kurobuchi fair and square.
Shirase: I'll report her to the committee anyway, but it wasn't an official match, so there probably isn't much they can do.
Aoi: Well, your star player is injured now. Are you going train Tobisawa for the challenge?
Masaya: No, I was thinking of letting Rika handle it.
Aoi: Oh?
Shirase: Rika-chan...?
The two of are clearly surprised.
Makes sense. I'm sure none of the plans they had in mind involved Rika.
Aoi: Say, Masaya...
Masaya: Yes?
Aoi: This may sound harsh, but I think Ichinose is the person least suited to fighting this battle.
Shirase: I agree. She's experienced, and good on a technical level, but her personality isn't fit for the job.
Masaya: Yeah, I'm with you there. But... she's a member of Takafuji, and they're the ones who've been hurt most by her.
Aoi: In that case, why not put their current president up to the task? She's a far better Skywalker.
Masaya: Satouin-san may have escaped with minor injuries, but she still lost. She'd be at a psychological disadvantage.
Shirase: Sometimes it's better not to have prior experience, huh?
Masaya: Exactly. Also, I've come to the conclusion that it's possible to mold her personality.
Shirase: Hm...
I know I'm kinda pushing it.
Aoi-san and Shirase-san are right. If I want the best chance of winning, I should have Misaki or Satouin-san take point.
But things will go wrong if I prevent Rika, who's already lacking in confidence, from taking part in this battle.
She might even give up on FC entirely. She might end up hating the sky.
And that's something I can't allow.
Aoi: Fine. Let's just focus on coming up with a good strategy.
Shirase: Hey, Aoi... are you sure about this?
Aoi: You heard Masaya. He's made his decision, so it's our job to support him.
Masaya: Thank you very much, Aoi-san.
Shirase: Guess you're right. We should start from the top, then.
Masaya: Thanks, Shirase-san.
Shirase: It's fine, seriously. But you do realize how hard it'll be to change a player's personality while training them, right?
Masaya: Yeah...
I've decided on a course of action. Now I just have to get Rika to agree, then figure out how to tackle this.
The shocking events we've been through have me worried.
But worrying won't get me anywhere. I need to act like I have it all together, even if I'm faking it.
Aoi: Has Masaya left?
Shirase: Yeah. He seemed worried. Guess that's to be expected, though.
Aoi: Of course it is. One of his friends was injured. It was hard enough for me to keep myself in check.
Shirase: I'm sure you know what I'm thinking, Aoi.
Aoi: What, you expected me to go charging into her school to yell at her?
Shirase: You get real scary when you're mad.
Aoi: Yeah, well, I've changed. Still, I'll at least make sure their advisor takes responsibility for all this.
Shirase: Figured you'd say that, so I went ahead and did it already. They've agreed to deal with the punishment internally if we don't go public with Asuka-chan's incident.
Aoi: Heh, of course... Thanks.
Shirase: One thing's really bugging me, though.
Aoi: Oh?
Shirase: You said as much earlier, but this Kasumi Kurobuchi... She's a unique player, even for Dougaura.
Shirase: It's like all she wants in life is to overwhelm her opponent... Everything she does is so destructive, like she hates FC as a whole or something.
Aoi: It's almost like she's searching for something...
Shirase: Yeah. I just hope Masaya and the others don't get wrapped up in anything too crazy.
Masaya: I went to visit Asuka at the hospital, and the doctors said she needs to take time off from practice to recover.
I update everyone on Asuka's condition. Naturally, things aren't looking up.
Masaya: But she told me to ask you not to worry about her, since she can handle normal stuff just fine.
Misaki: But she can't come see us during practice, right?
Masaya: Yeah. Said she'd find it hard to keep herself from flying if she came.
Mashiro: I see... Yeah, that's just like her.
Misaki: She'd definitely get all excited and start swinging that injured arm around.
Rika: I feel so awful...
Madoka: This isn't your fault, Rika-chan.
Misaki: Yeah, it's that damn cheater's fault.
Satouin: However, that does not change the fact that Asuka Kurashina was injured while fighting on our behalf.
Masaya: I get that you feel down, but continuing practice as normal needs to take priority.
Satouin: But...
Masaya: You're president of your club, Satouin-san. You don't want this to turn into an even bigger mess, right?
Satouin: ...You're right. If we continue to mope around, Takafuji's name will be consigned to the history books. We must resume normal practice at once.
Now that Satouin-san has agreed, I decide to turn everyone's attention back to practice.
Masaya: So, I'd like to make you all aware of our plans for the fall tournament.
Misaki: We have a plan?
Masaya: Yes. More specifically, a plan to counter Kurobuchi.
Rika: Ah...!
Rika stares at me in shock.
Masaya: There's no guarantee that any of us will face her in the fall tournament, so that won't be our sole focus.
Masaya: But I want to make sure we can stop her if that does happen.
I'm such a shitty coach... I can't believe I let Asuka get injured under my watch.
I've gotta take this chance to ease everyone's worries, or things will only get worse.
Masaya: Anyway, let's move on to today's practice.
Masaya: We're playing catch.
Rika: Huh?
Misaki: Catch?
Mashiro: Like, with a ball?
Madoka: Is there some FC variant that uses a ball?
Satouin: Obviously not.
Masaya: Wow, thanks for reacting just as I predicted. Look, this isn't like the catch you guys are all used to.
Rika: What do you mean...?
Masaya: It'll be faster to just have you do it. Everyone other than Madoka needs to get up into the sky..
Madoka: Oh, you want me to watch from above? Cool. Good luck guys!
Masaya: No, you'll be analyzing things from down here. There's a lot I need you to confirm and keep track of, so you'll have a lot to do.
Madoka: Ugh, that's just mean!
Masaya: Okay, try doing exactly as I explained.
Rika: O-Okay.
Rika gives me an anxious nod as she stands between Mashiro and Misaki, who are several meters apart.
Masaya: Mashiro will slowly fly toward you and bump into you. I want you to raise both hands to restrain her, Rika.
Rika: But then we'll be repelled away from each other...
Masaya: That's fine. I'll tell you what to do next once the recoil sets in.
Rika: O-Okay!
Mashiro: Here I come!
Mashiro gently flies forward.
Mashiro: Take this!
She softly bumps into Rika.
Rika: Whoa, ah...
Rika is flung by the recoil. Though, she's moving pretty slow because of how Mashiro was moving.
Masaya: Okay, quickly turn to face the other way. Misaki's going to come at you from behind.
Rika: Oh, okay.
Hm, seems she's got the rotation part down pat.
Misaki: Catch me, Rika-chan!
Rika: Okay... Ah!
Rika takes a blow from Misaki, which sends her flying back the way she came.
Mashiro: Welcome back, Rika-san!
Rika: O-Oh, thanks...
Rika swiftly stabilizes her form and turns to face Mashiro.
Mashiro: Take this!
Rika: O-Okay!
The recoil sends her flying back toward Misaki once more!
Misaki: Get back!
Rika: Okay!
Rika bounces between Mashiro and Misaki several more times.
Masaya: This is what I meant by catch.
Misaki: Never thought we'd be using a person instead of a ball...
Mashiro: Yeah, but this is pretty fun!
Misaki: Bet this is what it feels like to bounce between two trampolines!
Rika: Whoa... Uh...
Unlike Misaki and Mashiro, who are quickly getting the hang of it, Rika seems lost.
Mashiro: Okay, this time we'll send you toward Misaki-senpai at an awkward angle.
Rika: Huh? But that sounds diffi-- Whoa! What?!
Misaki: Okay, I'll bust out a vertical spin!
Rika: Wh-Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Forced into a vertical roll by Misaki, Rika spins around as she flies in Mashiro's direction.
Mashiro: You're spinning around like an amusement park ride!
Rika: Ah, awawawawa, yes...
Rika sounds <i>extremely</i> confused.
She's still unsteady.
Rika: My head is spinning as much as my body...
Mashiro: Oh, let me go next!
Misaki: Should I spin you around like a ball of buckwheat, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Do whatever you want, Misaki-senpai! Getting your hands running all over my body is a dream come true!
Misaki: You know what, maybe I'll switch with Madoka.
Mashiro: Ouch!
Rika: Hm...
Rika doesn't seem to understand the point of this exercise.
Masaya: I'm trying to teach you how to quickly stabilize your form when it's broken by an opponent.
Rika: R-Right. That makes sense...
Masaya: In some instances, taking too long to recover can lead to injury.
Rika: Oh, yeah...
Rika's face darkens. I bet she's thinking about Asuka.
Masaya: Don't go getting all depressed now. We're trying to make sure something like that never happens again, remember?
Rika: Yes...
Though Rika nods, her expression doesn't brighten up at all.
Masaya: Did you find today's practice fun?
Rika: I did, but...
Masaya: But?
Rika: I can't help but think we're just wasting our time. It feels like we're playing around.
Masaya: That's good.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: In my opinion, practice works best when you're having fun. That way, you gradually improve before you even know it.
Rika: Right...
Masaya: Well, I've gotta go see Madoka and take a look at what she wrote.
Rika: Oh, okay...
Rika: Um, Satouin-senpai.
Satouin: We never thought of anything like this.
Rika: Huh?
Satouin: We never could have even come up with an idea like this.
Rika: Um, Senpai... do you approve of this practice as well?
Satouin: Most people have a natural inclination to dislike practice.
Rika: But I don't...
Satouin: You can't practice on your own, can you? Besides, if you simply practice out of a sense of duty, it will stunt your growth.
Rika: You're... right.
Satouin: Masaya Hinata understands that, which is why he tries to include fun in his practice methods. It helps ease people into the action.
Satouin: Additionally, have you not considered that people need to have their spirits lifted after the Kasumi Kurobuchi incident?
Rika: Oh...
Satouin: Despite Masaya Hinata being our enemy, I admire his work ethic... No, what am I saying? We're allies now.
Rika: Ah...!
Masaya: I can't believe Mashiro said all that and ended up all dizzy anyway.
Rika: Yeah...
Masaya: Then again, she actually managed to understand the point of that practice, so I can't really complain.
Rika: Right...
We're done with practice for the day.
So now, the two of us are flying home while chatting about how things went.
Rika: ......
Well, it's more like I'm talking her ear off, since she seems to have her head in the clouds at the moment.
Masaya: Rika.
Rika: O-Oh, yes?
Masaya: ...Is something bothering you?
Rika: N-No... Nothing's bothering me.
She averts her eyes and waves me off as she slowly backs away from me.
Man, she's a terrible liar.
Masaya: (Something's <i>definitely</i> bothering her.)
Our conversation ends there, and we arrive at our terminal in silence.
Rika: Well then...
She's trying her best to act natural, but I can sense tension in her every movement.
Masaya: ......
I just stand there, saying nothing, and watch as Rika begins to walk ahead of me.
Rika: Huh?
Noticing that I'm not following her, she turns around.
Rika: Um... what are you doing?
If I just let her go home like this, she'll continue to bottle her feelings up until they burst out.
I don't wanna let that happen, so I've gotta fix things fast.
Masaya: ...You're working really hard, Rika.
Rika: Huh, where's this coming from?
Masaya: You don't accept help from others and always put them first, which ends up hurting you.
Sure, that's all thanks to her diligent personality, but I imagine there's a reason she's like this.
Rika: Um, Masaya-san...?
Masaya: You really do work hard, but...
Masaya: Don't you think you're overdoing it?
Rika: Ah...!
Aoi: Did something bad happen? You can always come to me if something's wrong.
Aoi: Please tell me, Masaya.
Aoi: Your feelings might be all jumbled, but I'll do whatever I can to help sort them out. Just say the word.
I wonder why I didn't listen when Aoi-san tried to help me?
Maybe things would've turned out better if I threw aside my pride and begged her for help.
A fear of competing was overtaking me, but I couldn't bring myself to tell anyone about it.
I ended up losing to some random kid in a casual match, which made me lose all my confidence.
Masaya: I'm your coach, Rika, so I want to help you if I can.
Rika: Yes... and I really am grateful for that, but...
Masaya: Stop.
Rika: Huh...?
Masaya: I get why you want to put up a brave front. There are times when it's the only thing that can help you get by.
It's a tool you can use to keep yourself from disappointing the people around you.
But it's also a double-edged sword that hurts you as much as it helps.
Masaya: You should rely on me to help you instead.
Rika: I'm sorry, I don't really understand, Masaya-san...
Masaya: Oh, sorry. That was kinda confusing, huh? Okay, let me clear things up, then.
I scratch my head as I mull over my words.
Masaya: You don't need to act tough in front of me, Rika.
I hope she understands...
Rika: Ah...!
Rika's expression stiffens up.
Masaya: Don't force a smile onto your face. Instead, just open up about what's eating away at you.
I wish I listened to these very words in the past.
If I had just accepted Aoi-san's help back then, things could've turned out different.
Rika: ......
Rika remains frozen in place.
Rika: Ugh... Hic...
However, she crumbles before too long.
Rika: I-I... I...
And now, she's completely broken, sobbing uncontrollably.
Rika: I... know I, hic... have to do better...!
Rika: But I'm not making any progress, hic... I can't do anything right...!
Rika: I gave into my anger... Hic, I caused so much trouble for everyone... I never understand anything during practice...
Rika: W-Waaah...! Hic, ack!
She's like a child.
Rika's expression shifts to a depressing mix of despair and helplessness.
So this is what she's really like...
These are her true feelings, which were hidden away behind that tough, diligent facade.
It's just like how her anger took over during the Kurobuchi incident.
That was no sudden change, but simply her true personality rising to the surface.
Rika: I'm sorry... I'm sorry I'm so pathetic...
Rika continues to sob, and no matter how many times she wipes them away, the tears don't stop.
How can I help her?
Masaya: Rika...
Rika: Hic... H-Huuuh?!
Rika's stunned, and she mutters that single word right by my ear.
It's pretty damn loud, but I only have myself to blame for hugging her.
This time, I fully embrace her.
I can feel the beat of her heart directly.
Her ragged breaths, the way she's slightly trembling, it's all too familiar.
It's almost like I'm comforting myself.
Rika: Masaya...san...
Masaya: Sorry if this bothers you. I can stop, but...
I squeeze her more tightly than ever.
Masaya: I want you to rely on me, if that's fine by you.
I whisper those words into her ear.
Rika: ......
For a while, she makes no sound.
Rika: Um...
Masaya: Yeah?
Rika: Could you please... let me stay like this for a while?
Oh, is that all?
Rika: Please let me stay like this until I stop crying...
Rika's arm, which hung limply by her side for a while, suddenly wraps around my back.
Masaya: Go right ahead.
There's no one else around the terminal.
And even if there was, I wouldn't stop hugging her at this point.
Rika feels so frail that I can't imagine doing anything else.
Rika: Sorry, my tears spilled all over you.
Rika: I can wash your clothes for you, if you want.
Tear stains cover my shirt by the time Rika is done clinging to me.
Masaya: It's fine, really. It'll dry out soon enough anyway.
Rika: But...
Masaya: I'm pretty sure things would go south real fast if someone saw you returning one of my shirts to me.
Rika: Oh... That's true.
I don't even wanna imagine the kinda crap Mom or Misaki would pull.
Masaya: Besides, like I said, it'll dry out soon enough.
I look up after saying that.
The night sky has spread above us.
Masaya: Hey...
Masaya: If you have some free time, why not fly around with me for a bit?
Rika: Oh, okay.
Rika: Why are we flying so high?
Masaya: Just follow me.
We move to the forest we once used as training grounds, but head much further in.
Then, we fly high above it, pushing the limits of our Grav Shoes until we're at an altitude no one usually flies at.
Masaya: We won't bother anyone up here.
I stretch my limbs out wide and crack my neck.
Rika: Um, so what's the point of this?
I silently smile at Rika, then take a deep breath.
Masaya: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!
Rika: Eeek!
Masaya: FUCK IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!
Rika: U-Um, Masaya-san?
Rika's flustered by my loud roar.
Masaya: Wanna give it a try?
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: Shouting. Just say what's on your mind. You'll feel better if you vent about what's bothering you.
Rika: But... But if I do that, I'll annoy peo--
She stops partway through her sentence and looks around.
Rika: There's... no one here at all.
Masaya: Right? Go on, give it a shot.
Rika: But... I'm about to do something <i>really</i> strange.
Unable to build up the courage, Rika backs away slightly.
Masaya: Didn't you tell me you were gonna become strange?
Rika: Aww... I did say that, yes.
Masaya: Cool. Think of this as part of your practice, then. We'll just say you're doing it 'cause your coach ordered you to.
I wonder if that's a good enough excuse...
Rika: Ah...!
Rika raises her head, then clasps her hands together.
Rika: I'm... going to give it a go!
Masaya: Great.
This is a huge leap for Rika, who's usually an upstanding member of society.
She draws in a deep breath and...
Rika: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!
Masaya: Whoa!
Rika's so loud that even I'm surprised.
Rika: Haaah, haaah, haaah...
Rika: ...Ah.
Guess she noticed the dumbfounded expression on my face...
Rika: S-Sorry, was I too loud?
Masaya: No, you did great. I was just surprised.
I can't believe such a loud yell came out of a small girl like her.
Rika: Aww... I went too far.
Masaya: But I bet you feel a bit better now, right?
Rika: Ah...!
Rika: Now that you mention it... I do...
Masaya: Great, then do it again!
Rika: H-Huh? Should I?
Masaya: What, you still embarrassed?
Rika: ......
Rika: No, I'll do it!
Masaya: That's the spirit!
Rika: M-My throat hurts...
Masaya: Yeah, maybe we got a little too carried away there...
We ended up having a shouting match that lasted for several minutes.
Rika: I really do feel a lot better, though.
Masaya: That's great. This was cheaper than going to karaoke, too.
Rika: Hehe, it sure was.
Rika giggles.
Rika: Masaya-san... Thank you very much.
Masaya: Don't thank me. I'm your coach, remember? I'm here to help.
Rika: Yes... But still, I want to thank you. I really am extremely grateful for all you've done.
Rika's such a courteous girl.
There's probably no point telling her off.
Rika: Satouin-senpai said something to me...
Masaya: Oh?
Rika: She said that you're incredible, Masaya-san. That we never would have thought of any of your practice methods.
Masaya: I see...
I don't deserve all the credit. I only came up with them thanks to Aoi-san and Shirase-san's advice.
Still, it's good to know Satouin-san appreciated it. Means it was all worthwhile.
Rika: But despite all that, I had the nerve to ask if it was okay for us to be playing around...
Rika falls silent for a moment.
Rika: I really do enjoy flying.
Masaya: You're sounding like Asuka now.
Rika: Yes. I feel the same as her... but perhaps even more strongly.
Rika: However, I restrain my feelings when I'm practicing. After all, having fun isn't the objective there.
Rika: But now I've started to think differently, and things have been getting much easier.
Masaya: That's a good thing. It's okay to be honest about how you feel.
Rika: Yes... I want to be more honest with myself.
Right now, Rika's cautiousness and ability to act strong even in the face of danger are both a strength and a weakness.
But I'm sure we can get these two facets of her personality to become true strengths in time.
I need to gain her trust to get that going, though. And I think what's happened today is the first step down that path.
Masaya: I'm sure things will change as long as we keep practicing together.
Rika: ...Yes. I'm looking forward to it.
Rika smiles sweetly, perhaps having the same premonition as me.
Masaya: Okay, see ya tomorrow.
With that, I turn around and prepare to leave.
Rika: U-Um... Masaya-san!
Masaya: Hm? What's up?
The moment I turn around...
I'm hit by a surprising turn of events.
Rika: ......
Rika's clinging to me in much the same way I hugged her earlier.
Masaya: Whoa...
I'm <i>so</i> confused.
Rika: Mmm... Mmm...
Rika buries her head in my chest like she's checking something out.
We stay in place for a few minutes.
Rika: Haaah, this is so relaxing that I feel ready to drift off to sleep.
Rika finally gets off me.
Then, she stares straight at me.
Rika: I-I'm sorry, did that startle you?
Masaya: Yeah, can't say I expected that at all.
Rika: O-Oh, I figured that, um, because you did it to me, it would be okay for me to do the same...
Rika's suddenly all flustered.
Man, she's hella cute.
Masaya: It's fine.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: If it helps you calm down, you can hug me whenever you need.
What I find most shocking is that Rika is making the effort to get close to me, instead of the other way around.
Still, that's a huge relief. Shows that she trusts me a lot more than I thought, at least.
Lucky me.
Rika: A-Aww...
Rika's expression is a mix of surprise, joy, and confusion.
Rika: Th-Thank you very much. Well, goodbye for now!
She bows quickly and rushes into her house in an attempt to hide her embarrassment.
I spend a moment staring at the empty space where she just stood, taking it all in.
But my expression isn't one of a coach worrying about his student.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: S-So cute...
It feels like part of me has broken down, leaving me unable to move.
Shit, this is bad. I have to keep these feelings in check.
Masaya: Rika trusts me as her coach. Don't go forgetting that, dumbass!
Man, I must seem real pathetic right now...
Rika: Okay, let's go again!
Misaki: Bring it on!
Mashiro: Here I go! Eat this!
Mashiro repels Rika, sending her in Misaki's direction.
Misaki: Sweet, now it's my turn!
Rika: Aaah, I'm getting dizzy!
Mashiro: I'm putting some backspin on you this time, Rika-san!
Rika: G-Go easy on me, please! Eeek!
Satouin: This is quite different...
Masaya: Right?
Satouin: She seemed so bewildered during earlier practice sessions, but she actually seems to be enjoying it today...
Satouin: What in the world did you say to her, Masaya Hinata?
Masaya: Nothing special. Just told her to relax.
Satouin: ...What a bad liar.
Masaya: No, really. I may have worded it differently, but that's all I said.
Satouin-san glares at me for bit before grinning.
Satouin: Very well, let's just leave it at that, then.
Masaya: I'd appreciate it.
Everyone's focused on practicing.
I may have had a direct influence on Rika improving, but it seems the other club members are heading in that direction on their own.
Misaki: Aight! Time for a changeup!
Mashiro: Aaah! Misaki-senpai's love and her curveballs... I'll receive them all with a smile on my face!
There are loads of advantages to making practice fun.
It helps people practice for longer periods of time, and it's great at getting the less motivated into the swing of things.
There was a time when I realized Misaki was heading in the wrong direction. She'd been acting weird since the summer tournament.
I could tell she would quit FC if I left her alone, so I did some hard research to come up with a countermeasure.
And in the end, everything turned out alright because I managed to boost Misaki's motivation.
Fun is a powerful weapon.
Satouin: It's such a huge change... to the point where even I would like you to coach me...
Masaya: Huh...?
Wow, pigs do fly.
Never thought I'd hear someone as proud as Satouin-san admit that.
Satouin: ...is what I might have said, if I were a year younger.
Masaya: Oh, I see...
Makes sense.
Satouin: Right, I think it's about time to switch things up. Ichinose-san needs a break.
Masaya: Yeah... Hey, gather round!
I call out to the people flying above the coast.
Misaki: Okay, I'll head down!
Mashiro: Good work, Rika-san.
Rika smiles at Misaki and Mashiro's comments as she floats down to me.
Rika: Thanks, you too!
Her expression is far brighter than before, like the demons possessing her have finally been expelled.
Satouin: ...And that is all I have to say about today's practice. Do you have anything to add, Coach?
Masaya: Yes.
I take a step forward once Satouin-san hands the proverbial mic over to me.
Masaya: I know you're all used to our practice sessions by now, but negligence leads to injury, so I want to remind you to be careful.
The Takafuji students were initially in a state of confusion, but they've grown used to practicing with us by now.
Over the past few weeks, things have progressed to a point where outsiders would assume we're a single club, even.
Any sense of unease is completely gone.
Masaya: Today, you'll be split into groups. Group one will play catch, group two will practice High Yo-Yos, and groups three, four, and five will practice field flying. Once you're done, you'll switch over. Now, for the order...
Most members have recovered from the shock of the Kurobuchi incident at this point.
Even the people who chose to take time off are mostly back, so things are basically normal again.
Now we even have enough people to split into groups when training.
Masaya: That's all.
Satouin: Thank you. Please ensure no one gets injured while practicing!
With that, everyone disperses over the training ground.
Madoka: You've been acting an awful lot like a coach lately.
Masaya: What, you saying I wasn't before?
Madoka: That's not what I meant. It's just, there's no way you'd ever be training so many people back at Kunahama.
She's got a point.
Being able to coach players individually is an advantage, but there's also a drawback, since it's harder to be tough on someone you're close to.
It's not something that really affects me, but coaching here at Takafuji is a fresh experience.
Masaya: I think we're about done here, though.
Madoka: Oh, you think so too?
Masaya: You had the same idea, Madoka?
She puffs out her chest.
Madoka: I may not be the best at cleaning, but I'll have you know I'm a great manager!
She's <i>still</i> hung up on the cleaning part? Seriously?
Masaya: Yeah, well... I think this is a good time.
Madoka: Are you planning to talk to Satouin-san?
Masaya: Yeah.
Madoka: Cool, good luck! I'll go get the message across to the others.
I leave Madoka and head over to Satouin-san, who's watching over everyone from a distance.
Masaya: Hey, Satouin-san.
Satouin: Oh, it's you, Masaya Hinata. What perfect timing! There is something I wish to discuss with you.
Masaya: Oh, what a coincidence. Same here.
Satouin: Do you mind if I go first? I promise not to take long.
Masaya: Go for it.
Satouin: Thank you.
Satouin-san bows to me.
Satouin: You have been a tremendous asset over these past ten days.
Guess I should've known.
Satouin-san's got the same thought in her head.
Satouin: Thanks to you, we have regained our spirit, which means we are once again ready to aim for the fall tournament.
Masaya: ...You want us to go our separate ways starting tomorrow, right?
Satouin: Indeed. I'm glad you understand.
Masaya: I was thinking the exact same.
Satouin: You were...?
Masaya: Yeah, I actually came here to tell you that, even.
Satouin: ......
Masaya: Satouin-san?
Satouin: ...It seems the two of us are in tune in the strangest ways.
Masaya: Yep...
We exchange smiles.
Rika: Satouin-senpai, group three has finished their field flying.
Rika comes down from the practice area to deliver that report.
Satouin: Very good. Please move to High Yo-Yo practice.
Rika: Okay... Oh, were you in the middle of something? I'm sorry for interrupting.
Rika apologizes after noticing my presence.
Masaya: Oh, it's fine. We're just deciding that today's the last day of our training camp.
Rika: Huh...?
Masaya: All your club members are back, so this is a good time as any. Don't you agree, Rika?
Rika: O-Oh... Yes, right.
Rika: Haaah...
Satouin: ......
Our long training camp has finally come to an end.
The sad look on Rika's face still bothers me, but at least the rest of the day passed without issue.
And now we're back at Kunahama.
Misaki: Maaan, I'm missing the AC already.
Great, our resident slacker is complaining already.
Madoka: It's not like you get AC on the beach or in the sky anyway. Plus, our gym has air conditioning anyway.
Misaki: No way we're warming up in there! I don't wanna be squished between the basketball and volleyball clubs!
Misaki: Think of their clubroom! It was real amazing! The place was fully stocked with drinks.
Masaya: Quit complaining. We have air conditioning in here.
I point the fan in Misaki's direction as I say that.
Mashiro: We have drinks too. Go on, you can have all the warm tap water you want!
Misaki: <i>Come on,</i> quit teasing me! I need sports drinks and a real AC when I'm tired. Oh, and most of all, I need some of Rika-chan's TLC to cheer me up!
Masaya: The truth comes out at last.
Misaki: Masaya, when's Rika-chan gonna come over?
Masaya: She doesn't have time for that. This is a critical moment for Takafuji, and she's one of their regulars. Of course she's gonna stay there.
Misaki: Boooooo! I guess you're right, though...
Misaki doesn't bother hiding her dissatisfaction.
I <i>am</i> technically Rika's coach.
So I'd have no problem with her coming over to practice, really.
Masaya: (But considering what's happened...)
It's more important than ever for Takafuji to display their unity.
And to do that, they need their most skilled freshman.
We can't let our personal feelings hurt Takafuji as a whole.
Mashiro: But Misaki-senpai, you already have me... Aww!
Misaki: You and Rika-chan are on <i>totally</i> different levels. She's like, y'know, more wife material?
Mashiro: Then what am I? Your mistress?
Misaki: Nah, that doesn't fit you at all. Hm... A ferret, maybe?
Mashiro: Fine, I'll live as your pet from now on! I may as well lick the window sills clean while I'm at it!
Madoka: Hooooooooold it right there! You just insulted me, didn't you?! You sound just like a snide sister-in-law!
Mashiro: Oh no, I wouldn't dare wonder how someone whose name means window could be so bad at cleaning them.
Misaki: Oh, now that you mention it, she really doesn't live up to her name.
Madoka: Waah! You hearing this, Masaya-san? Everyone's bullying me!
Masaya: Good luck. And hey, I don't remember ever letting you call me by my first name.
Madoka: Aww, <i>come on!</i> I wanna be a main heroine too!
Misaki: I hope Rika-chan comes home soon...
Mashiro: I bet she'd know how to ease the tension between wife and sister-in-law.
Madoka: I want her to soothe me and pour me some tea so I can recover from this intense bullying.
Yeah, having something or someone to motivate you is real important.
Misaki and Mashiro both get really into practice once it's started, but it's hard to even get them into that mood.
Usually, Asuka would call everyone to action despite all the grumbling.
But she's out because of her injury, and her replacement, Rika, is back at Takafuji.
I'm not good at being strict like Satouin-san, but if I don't do something, things are gonna head south real fast.
Masaya: Ahem! Listen, you lot...
I need to bust out my best Satouin-san impression here...
Rika: I'm sorry I'm late!
Masaya: You need to-- Wait, what?!
This can't be real... Is she here to save me?
Rika: Um, why does everyone look so shocked?
Misaki: No way! It's Rika-chan! She's actually here!
Rika: Huh? Oh, yes, I am here... Misaki-san?
Mashiro: Incredible, our prayers have been answered!
Rika: Your prayers? What do you mean?
Madoka: Rika-chan, you sit right there! I'll make you some tea.
Rika: O-Oh, thank you very much...
Rika sits down as instructed, then nervously surveys the room.
Rika: Um... Masaya-san, what's going on?
Masaya: Shouldn't you be answering that question? Why'd you come here instead of Takafuji?
Rika: I <i>did</i> text you in advance... Did you not get it?
Masaya: You did?
I check my phone.
Oh, there's an unread message...
Masaya: Guess I missed it. I don't check my phone all that much.
Rika: And here I am thinking I've explained everything well in advance.
Masaya: Sorry.
Rika: Hehe, perhaps I should have called you instead.
Masaya: Is Satouin-san fine with this? Stuff's finally back to normal over at Takafuji now, so I figure she'd want you there...
Rika: Oh, um... Satouin-senpai was the one who wanted me to train here instead, actually.
Masaya: Huh...?
Satouin: Now, let's start today's practice.
Satouin: Please ensure none of you get injured out there.
Takafuji Members: Yes ma'am!
Takafuji Girl A: Yes ma'am!
Takafuji Girl B: Yes ma'am!
Takafuji Girl C: Yes ma'am!
Takafuji Guy A: Yes ma'am!
Takafuji Guy B: Yes ma'am!
Satouin: ......
Satouin: I wonder how Ichinose-san is doing...
Masaya: Okay, we're moving on to catch next. Do one more lap, then get yourselves ready.
Misaki: Got it!
Mashiro: Okay!
I inform Misaki and Mashiro, who are flying up above the coast, that it's time for the next exercise.
They're so lively and energetic that it's hard to believe how lazy they were being earlier.
We owe this to Rika's arrival.
Misaki: Okay, all set.
Mashiro: I'm ready whenever, Masaya-senpai.
Masaya: Cool. I'll get Rika to head up to you guys.
I call out to Rika, who's stretching with Madoka.
Masaya: You ready, Rika?
Rika: Yes, I am.
Rika stands up, kicking up sand as she gets ready to fly.
Masaya: Listen... I want to thank you for helping us out with practice.
Having her here to boost everyone's motivation is a godsend.
But that's our own problem, so I feel like we owe Rika.
Rika: I told you I want to do this... You're just making me feel guilty by thanking me.
A smile rises to her face as she says that.
Masaya: Really?
Rika: Yes. I want to have you coach me more, Masaya-san.
Rika: There's still a whole lot you have to teach me, right?
Masaya: ...Yeah, you're right.
There <i>is</i> still a lot I can teach her.
Hell, I've only taught Rika how to defend against Kurobuchi so far. We've still gotta discuss the offense.
Then thought processes, decision making, feints... The list goes on and on.
Masaya: Still... I think I better have a gift in hand the next time I see Satouin-san.
Rika: Hehe, good idea. I'll be sure to bring her something as well.
Rika raises her hand to her mouth as she giggles.
Rika: Also...
Masaya: Hm?
She's looking a little mischievous right now...
Rika: You saw me do some very embarrassing things, so you have to make up for it, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Huh?!
Madoka: Wh--?!
Rika: Okay, off I go!
Wait, seriously? You're just gonna fly off after misleading Madoka like that?!
Madoka: ......
Masaya: ......
Madoka: ...You know how you used to get a bunch of spam saying stuff like, "Do you think this photo is too embarrassing for MySpace?"
Masaya: ...Yeah, I got some of those.
Madoka: Then you'd open them and it'd be like, "Here's a test I got a zero on, how embarrassing!" And you'd flip out over how they <i>totally</i> tricked you with the word embarrassing?
Masaya: Haha, yeah, that's happened to me before.
Madoka: Like, who even falls for those?
Madoka: ...What I'm saying is, don't get your hopes up over what Rika just said, okay?
Masaya: I know, okay?! I'm not dumb! She either has no idea what she just said, or she's trying to tease me!
Basically, she's either an airhead or a sadist.
Hm, considering what happened the other night, I'm starting to think she's leading me on... Hope I'm just imagining things.
Several days have passed since the end of the joint training camp.
I thought I sensed a difference in Rika before, but she seems to have changed more than I could've ever imagined.
Rika: I'll be doing twenty High Yo-Yos and Low Yo-Yos!
Masaya: Sounds good!
Misaki: I'll do the same!
Masaya: Sounds great!
Misaki: ...Oh.
Misaki: M-Masaya-san?
Masaya: Sticking an honorific at the end of my name makes your question totally obvious, but go ahead.
Misaki: I kinda got carried away there... Twenty's <i>way</i> too many, so lower it for me, 'kay?
Masaya: No. Get to work already.
Misaki: Y-You monster! Somebody save me from this brute!
Masaya: Quit complaining! Move it!
Misaki: Aww, fine!
Misaki's still complaining, but at least she's following orders...
Mashiro: O Misaki-senpai, I pray for your eternal safety.
Masaya: Mashiro, why aren't you up there with them?
Mashiro: I was hoping you'd let that slide... You truly are a sadist, Masaya-senpai.
Masaya: Only sad thing here is that you're the odd one out.
Mashiro: Ngh...
Masaya: So, you gonna practice or what?
Mashiro: I-I'll practice! I will!
Mashiro chases after Misaki.
Masaya: Wow, this really working.
They've been putting in a lot more effort since Rika's return.
This is all thanks to her.
And, as everyone gets more and more used to practice, I've begun to observe changes in their overall attitudes as well.
Misaki: So yeah, it came to me while I was flying. Like, it was some sorta epiphany, I guess?
Mashiro: Amazing! Nothing like that has ever happened to me!
Misaki: Hm, you're gonna have to improve a lot, Meowshiro, or you'll never get one on your own.
Mashiro: Aww... That hurts, but I love your harsh side, Misaki-senpai!
Madoka: You two make the perfect S&M couple.
A normal day in the clubroom after practice is us chatting without a care in the world.
But now that Rika's here, FC takes up most of our conversation.
Misaki: You just kinda get a sense for how to use the membrane. I can't really explain.
Rika: Misaki-san!
Misaki: Y-Yes?
Rika: Do you think you could try to provide a little more detail?
Misaki: Uh, I mean, sure, but it's not really a big deal?
Rika: Great! Why don't we start right away, then?!
Misaki: Huh, but we're already done for the day... Hey, wait! Don't try to sneak off on your own and leave us here!
Madoka: But like... I figure I'll just get in the way.
Mashiro: I'll lend you Misaki-senpai for the day, Rika-san. Just this once, though.
Rika: Oh, thank you very much!
Misaki: Hey, I'm not yours to give! Wait, don't you dare ditch us, Masaya!
Masaya: I figure I'll just get in the way.
Misaki: Don't just copy Madoka's response!
Misaki: So, she dragged me off with her, and we spent <i>all</i> evening talking about FC.
Madoka: You have my condolences.
Masaya: That bad, huh?
We're back at school for the first time in a while, but Rika's the main topic on our minds.
Madoka: I knew she was real diligent, but I never thought she'd go that far.
Masaya: Yeah, you're telling me.
I knew she took practice seriously, but I assumed that was just because she valued the club.
I never expected her to enjoy it this much, too.
"I love flying."
Seems those words weren't a lie.
Misaki: Guess Asuka's spirit has found a new host. RIP.
Asuka: Wow, rude much?! I'm not dead yet!
Masaya: ...What's with the "yet"?
Is she trying to curse herself?
Madoka: Still, it really does feel like we've got a second Asuka-chan on our hands.
Asuka: Aww, I <i>really</i> want to get back to practicing already!
Masaya: I dunno... Things would get pretty crazy with the two of you around.
I mean, what's next, convincing everyone to practice 24/7?
...I guess that'd be fun in its own way.
Misaki: We won't last if she tries to push us too hard, so tighten the leash a little, Masaya.
Masaya: Sure, I'll get right on that.
I <i>definitely</i> don't want my players overworking themselves. That usually leads to injury.
Though I might find it hard to pump the brakes if I also get too excited, so I should be careful around her...
Misaki: Still though, this is pretty cruel, huh?
Misaki's tone is rather harsh.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Misaki: Exactly what I said. Don't you think it's cruel?
Masaya: What's cruel? FC?
FC is a sport where you fly through the sky. One so captivating that you can lose all sense of time, and even become unaware of your own physical condition.
That's what Rika's obsessed with. It's less about beating Kurobuchi, and more about her rediscovering her genuine love of flying.
There's beauty in her excitement, but also danger.
And so, as her coach, I need to make sure to guide her in the right direction.
I think that's what Misaki's trying to say.
Misaki: ......
Misaki: Haaah...
Masaya: What's with that exaggerated sigh?! You can't be <i>that</i> disappointed!
Misaki: Forget it. C'mon, let's get to practice.
Madoka: Let's-a go!
Asuka: Take care, everyone!
Masaya: What the hell was that about...?
Like I was saying, practice has been running smoothly thanks to Rika, this small incident aside.
Madoka: ...Rain always pours when you least want it, huh?
Masaya: Sure seems like it...
I mean, I know it's gotta rain sometime.
It just sucks, since it's out of our control and is happening when everyone's motivated for practice.
Madoka: Right, so practice is canceled. Let everyone know, okay?
Masaya: Sure. You should work on fixing up tomorrow's schedule, then.
Madoka: Cool, I'll adjust our plans.
Masaya: ...Actually, there's something I wanna ask you.
Madoka: Oh, what a coincidence. I have a question for you, too.
Masaya: Oh, really? Who should go first?
Madoka: Well, you're the coach, so go for it.
That makes <i>zero</i> sense.
Though I guess there's no real point arguing.
Masaya: It's about Rika.
Madoka: I knew it.
Masaya: You did?
Madoka: Yeah, I wanted to talk about her too.
Masaya: Oh, okay.
Madoka: Sorry. Continue.
Masaya: Cool, so...
There's something that's been bothering me for a while.
Now that Rika's back at Kunahama, she's practically another member of our club.
Masaya: Don't you think... Rika's fitting in too well?
Madoka: Ahhh...
I hear something resembling a sigh through the phone.
Guess that's been making Madoka feel uneasy as well.
Masaya: This is just a hunch, but I think she feels guilty about letting Asuka get injured.
Madoka: You think she's forcing herself to act like Asuka-chan, to be a substitute for her?
Masaya: ...I do.
Rika's been far too perfect. Her new attitude is exactly what we need at Kunahama right now.
And that's what's been bothering me.
Masaya: I don't think it's all bad, but I can tell that keeping it up is taking a lot out of her.
Madoka: It's all like, <i>way</i> too convenient.
Masaya: Exactly.
This isn't the real Rika. She's always been diligent, yes, but she was never this assertive.
No one can change that much in such a short timeframe.
It'd take nothing short of a miracle to do that.
Madoka: Well, we might just be overthinking this, but it's worth considering. Just be careful if you confront Rika, okay?
Masaya: Will do.
Madoka: I'll sort things out no matter how it goes, so you do you, Coach.
Masaya: Good to know. Thanks.
Madoka: Don't thank me. This is part of my job. Though, if you <i>do</i> want to reward me, why not tell me about that embarrassing story from the other day.
Masaya: Catch you later.
Madoka: Hey, wait!
I cut the call, then take a moment to thank her silently.
Masaya: Right then...
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...No reply.
Rika isn't picking up. I've shot her a text already, but she hasn't answered that yet.
We usually text a bunch, and Rika's just as diligent about replying to them as she is with most other things in life.
She'll send out a reply the moment she sees your message.
Masaya: Wait, don't tell me...
I look out of the window and take in the scene before me.
Despite the rain, these are just <i>barely</i> acceptable flying conditions.
Masaya: Better safe than sorry...
Masaya: Huh...? She's not here? I'm surprised.
I'm outside the clubroom, peering in through a window, when I notice there's no one inside.
Hm, maybe she was here, but just went home?
No, in that case, she would've responded to my text.
Masaya: Got myself soaked for nothing, huh?
The rain was light when I left home, but now it's pounding loudly against the bus' windows.
Masaya: Guess I'll wait it out.
I reach out for the door handle and swing it open.
Rika: Ah!
Masaya: Whoa!
And at that exact moment...
...I see Rika sitting down, soaking wet.
Masaya: S-Sorry, I didn't know anyone was in here...
Rika: O-Oh no, I should be apologizing...
I make my way over to a chair and plop down on it, making sure to keep my eyes off Rika all the while.
Masaya: ......
Rika: ......
We remain in silence for a while.
But eventually, Rika begins to speak.
Rika: Um, what happened to practice?
Masaya: The rain, obviously. I tried to call you to let you know, but you didn't pick up.
Rika: Oh... Right. I forgot my phone today.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Rika: I hurried over here, but the rain soaked me to the bone...
Masaya: That's unfortunate...
Rika: I guess I just wanted to fly so badly that I didn't think. My bad...
She forces a chipper tone in what seems like an attempt to distract me.
Normally, I'd just follow her lead, but not today.
Masaya: Hey, Rika.
Rika: You're going to tell me off, aren't you? I'm sorry. You can make me practice extra hard tomorrow. Oh, but that might make me even happier...
Masaya: Thank you.
Rika: Huh...?
She's clearly confused by my sudden outburst.
Masaya: I'll apologize in advance in case I'm wrong, but... there's something that's been bothering me.
Rika: What... What is it?
Masaya: Are you forcing yourself to act all bright and cheerful because you feel sorry for us?
Masaya: It feels like you're trying to be Asuka.
Rika: Masaya-san...
The rain grows heavier.
The pounding changes to pummeling.
The crackles of thunder still sound distant, but they're closing in at an alarming rate.
Rika: ......
Rika remains silent for a while, but eventually, her shoulders slump.
Rika: Haaah...
She sighs, then slumps to the floor.
Rika: You're incredible, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Damn, I was right, huh?
Rika: Yes, I have been acting like her. I felt truly awful about what happened.
Rika: I know how important Asuka-san is to you, and how hard it is to motivate people in her absence.
Rika: So I was trying to, not replace her, but just fill in the void a little... Was it that obvious?
Masaya: Honestly, it wasn't. At first, I thought your real personality was finally shining through.
Rika: Then how did you find out?
Masaya: You came off too perfect.
Rika: Ah...
Masaya: And that's when I realized it was just like you to go out of your way to help others.
At this point, Rika lowers her head.
Masaya: I appreciate the thought, but you really don't need to do this. Personally, I'd prefer it if you put yourself first.
Rika: ......
Masaya: I told you there was no need to act tough in front of me, right?
Back when she broke down in tears before me...
Back when I helped her shout her problems into the sky...
...I thought I freed her from most of the pressure that was weighing her down.
So there shouldn't be any need for her to do this.
Rika: Haaah...
Rika sighs.
The rain continues to beat down on the windows from outside.
The sound is growing ever louder.
Rika: I think you're slightly mistaken, Masaya-san.
Masaya: I am...?
Rika: You are.
Rika smiles sweetly.
Rika: I definitely was acting a little, so you aren't wrong on that count.
Rika: But I never once forced myself to do it.
Masaya: Huh? I don't understand...
I'm sure faking your personality must take a ton of effort.
Forget over ten days, I'd have been tired of it in an hour.
Rika: In a way, I was acting like the kind of person I want to be, so it wasn't ever something I hated.
Masaya: You mean...
Rika: I want to be like Asuka-san.
Masaya: Really?
She nods.
Rika: Yes. I want to be able to say that I love flying through the sky, and mean it from the very bottom of my heart.
Rika: Because the truth is, I do love it.
Masaya: I know.
Rika: It's incredibly important to be able to admit you like something, but I find it incredibly hard.
Rika: And so, I tried to act tough to hide that part of me, but that was also hard in its own way.
Rika: But then I met you, and you told me not to act that way, so I started to think I could change.
Rika: I started to think about what I need to do to make FC more fun for myself.
I see. Rika wasn't just changing her personality to help us out.
She was doing it because she wanted to.
She wanted to change the way she was approaching FC, so she used this opportunity to do just that.
Rika: Do you remember how I said I wanted to become stronger during the incident with Kurobuchi-san?
Masaya: Of course I do.
Rika: Well, I think the best way for me to do that is to have more fun.
Rika: That's why I tried to copy the person I know who's having the most fun of all.
Sure, Asuka lost to Kurobuchi.
But the way she went about it was unlike anyone else.
I'm pretty sure even Kurobuchi was confused by her antics.
Which makes sense, since I doubt anyone's ever tried to teach her the importance of having fun.
Somehow, that seems to have triggered a change in Rika instead.
Well, I'm not gonna complain. At least that means that match wasn't entirely pointless.
Though we can't exactly celebrate it, since Asuka got injured and all...
Rika: So please don't worry about me.
Rika: I'm... doing just fine.
Masaya: ...Okay, I understand.
Rika is far more mature than I've given her credit for.
I feel bad for getting ahead of myself and forcing her to explain things.
But hey, it's good that we cleared the air.
Rika: There is one more thing...
Rika: Something I haven't been able to confess yet.
Masaya: Oh? What's that?
Rika: You see...
At this point, Rika shuffles in toward me.
Rika: Masaya-san...
Rika's arms coil around my back before she squeezes me tight.
Uh, what?
Masaya: R-Rika?
Rika: This is what I want to say...
Rika: Thank you, Masaya-san, for looking out for me.
Masaya: ......
Rika: My gratitude, and my desire to hug you right now, are my way of conveying my true feelings for you.
I gaze down at Rika's slender frame.
She fits so snugly in my arms.
It always seems like Rika has things under control, so it's hard to remember that she's actually younger than me.
I'm sure it was hard enough being a regular at an elite FC school in her freshman year before the Kurobuchi incident.
All this added pressure must be eating away at her.
Masaya: ...You can always rely on me.
I whisper those words into her ears as I curl my arms around her body.
She's kind enough to worry about others, but still manages to find time to think about herself as well.
I thought I'd already suppressed these feelings when I first noticed them...
But I don't think I can hold them back any longer.
I want to be there for Rika, but not just because I'm her coach.
I hug her even tighter, having decided to show her how I truly feel.
Rika: ...Okay, I will.
Rika responds in an almost inaudible voice.
The rain outside hasn't let up at all, so there's a continuous stream of droplets striking the windows.
I doubt anyone will come here soon, and it's hard for us to leave right now, too.
I know I shouldn't let my mind wander in that direction, but...
Rika: Ah!
I gently release her, then gaze straight into her eyes.
She has such a beautiful, innocent face.
I could stare into these eyes forever.
Rika: ...Okay.
Rika gives me a curt nod. Guess I have permission...
She's realized what I'm about to do, and has shut her eyes.
God, I'm so nervous.
This is worse than the first time I flew.
My grip tightens to a point where I'm worried about hurting her.
I take deep breaths to calm my shaking body, then slowly lean in toward her.
Rika: Mmm...
Our lips touch.
Rika: Mmmph...
Hers are the softest things I've ever felt.
My lips go numb as they press against hers, my heart racing at a thousand miles a minute. However, oddly enough, my attention is drawn to our breathing instead.
Our breaths mix together in the air.
I don't think this has ever happened to me before...
I guess first kisses come with a bunch of other firsts.
Masaya: Haaah...
We part after what feels like forever.
Rika: Haaah... Masaya-san.
Rika looks up at me with glazed eyes as she clings to me.
Our breathing is still ragged.
Rika: I really like you.
She mumbles that before burying her head in my chest.
Masaya: ......
I gently stroke her hair.
At some point, my clothes must have dried.
Masaya: I really like you too, Rika.
I had to admit the truth.
I had to confess my feelings to her.
Rika: I'm happy... Really happy.
The rain is finally letting up.
We can easily fly home now if we want.
But instead, we choose to stay here and bask in each other's company.
Rika: It's gotten really late, hasn't it?
Masaya: Yeah, sure has.
We've stuck around <i>way</i> later than we should have.
Why, you ask? Well, to tell you the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth... it was so we could make out.
I don't wanna go into more detail, since it's kinda embarrassing, but I promise we didn't go any further than kissing.
Rika: Um, do you mind if I voice a small complaint?
Masaya: Uh, no, go ahead...
Shit, did I mess up already?
Rika: Um, well... I think you kissed me too much, Masaya-san.
Rika's face turns bright red as she says that.
Rika: I'm so embarrassed...
Masaya: S-Sorry.
We may not have done more than kissing, but we did <i>a lot</i> of it.
Not satisfied with just her lips, I moved to her neck, then her ears, then her cheeks, and so on.
I didn't stop for a second.
Rika: Oh, I mean, it's fine. I'm okay with it, but...
Rika: We still have, um... plenty of time to do things like that.
Masaya: Y-You're right.
Rika: So please try to show a little more restraint next time.
Masaya: Okay!
We share a smile as I let out that response.
Rika: Should we head home now?
Masaya: Yeah.
We link hands as we take to the sky.
There isn't a cloud in the starry sky above us. I'd never think it was just raining if I hadn't seen it with my own two eyes.
Masaya: Start with some stretches.
Rika/Misaki/Mashiro: Okay! <T 0>\nOkaaay! <T 0>\nOkaaaaaay!
Rika: Okay!
Misaki: Okaaay!
Mashiro: Okaaaaaay!
Masaya: When you're done, do some field flying. After that, we'll move to your next set of twenty.
Rika/Misaki/Mashiro: Okay! <T 0>\n Okaaay! <T 0>\n Okaaaaaay!
Rika: Okay!
Misaki: Okaaay!
Mashiro: Okaaaaaay!
Masaya: Let's get this practice started!
Rika/Misaki/Mashiro: Yes, Coach!
Rika: Yes, Coach!
Misaki: Yes, Coach!
Mashiro: Yes, Coach!
I just let everyone in on the schedule for today's practice session.
Now, I'm watching them from a little ways away, but I spot Madoka waving at me from a distance as she approaches.
Masaya: Damn girl, you're late.
Madoka: It's not my fault! My brother joined a good sports program, so he's started a whole new training regime. I had to help him out for almost <i>two</i> hours today!
Masaya: I'm kidding, good job.
I toss Madoka a drink, which she catches with ease.
She flashes me a smile in response, then plops down next to me.
Madoka: Looking good up there.
Masaya: You mean Rika?
Madoka: Duh. You talk to her yet?
Masaya: Yeah, a little.
Madoka: I won't pretend to know what you talked about, but she's looking a lot more natural up there.
Masaya: You think she's acting different?
Madoka: I think she's still trying to fit the Asuka mold, but it's coming to her more easily now.
Masaya: You're giving me a headache.
Madoka: Listen, I'm just saying things are looking up. She seems more at ease.
Masaya: She does, huh?
I think back on what happened last night as I listen to Madoka.
Masaya: Hm...?
As soon as Rika and I part in front of her house, I get a text.
Wondering what it could be, I open it.
Sender: Rika Ichinose\nSubject: Thank you very much\nThank you for everything today. Sleep well.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...Talk about diligent.
I know Rika well, so I didn't expect much else.
If it were Asuka, I imagine she'd have straight up said she liked me in the text. (Note: I'm just guessing.)
If it were Mashiro, I imagine she'd have told me she liked me in a roundabout way. (Note: I'm just guessing.)
If it were Misaki, I imagine she'd have just gone straight to sleep without texting me at all. (Note: I'm just guessing, but I'm almost positive I'm right.)
But Rika's sending me a thank you and a good night after we spent a ton of time making out.
I'm not trying to criticize her at all. If anything, this text encapsulates what I love about her.
Masaya: Though I <i>do</i> kinda wish she'd be a little less formal in texts.
Right as I say that, another text arrives.
I open it immediately.
Sender: Rika Ichinose\nSubject: N/A\n(Blank)
(Blank)\n(Blank)\n(Blank)
(Blank)\n(Blank)\n(Blank)
(Blank)\n(Blank)\nI love you.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Yeah, I'm <i>definitely</i> saving this. No way I'll risk this getting deleted.
I imagine it took her a long time to work up the courage to send this text.
Bet she was writhing around on her bed before she finally managed to press the send button.
Yeah, this totally took a ton of effort.
Masaya: I'll treasure it forever.
Naturally, I immediately move it to store for safekeeping.
Masaya: (She's more at ease now... I hope that's 'cause of me.)
The biggest change is that Rika has a boyfriend by her side now.
And seeing that she's changed due to that alone has my heart pounding.
Madoka: So, as I was saying... Hey, Hinata-kun, are you even listening to me?!
Masaya: Whoa! Y-Yeah, I <i>totally</i> am!
Madoka: Oh, <i>come on,</i> just man up and tell the truth! I wasn't born yesterday, you know?!
Masaya: Sorry...
Madoka: So yeah, this is a good sign. Things'll be even more fun once Asuka-chan gets back.
Masaya: Asuka, huh...?
Asuka should be back around the end of summer break.
Masaya: There's something I've been thinking about.
Madoka: Does it have to do with Asuka-chan?
Masaya: Partly, yeah. But it's mainly about Rika.
Madoka: Oh...?
I whisper my plan directly into Madoka's ear.
Our whirlwind summer break will soon come to an end.
Only ten days left until the start of the new term. And shortly after that, we have the fall tournament.
What answers will Rika come up with for herself, for both her personal and FC lives?
And will I be able to guide her to reach her desired results?
Guess I shouldn't worry too much. There's no way for me to know until the time comes.
Whatever the case, I'm sure Rika's going to take that tiny frame of hers and fight back with all she's got.
Shindou: Hello.
Shindou-san's smile is as charming as ever.
Masaya: You're here real early, Shindou-san. How's practice going?
Shindou: The constant extreme practice sessions have me exhausted. I thought watching you coach would be a nice breather.
Shindou-san seems to be enjoying this.
Aoi-san introduced Shindou-san to some foreign players who he's been practicing with lately.
If he meshes well with them, he's going to head over to a school in Europe, and then he may even try playing on their pro circuit.
That whole world is far beyond my grasp...
Shindou: What do you have planned for the day?
Masaya: You came at a good time. Look over there.
I point, and Shindou-san's gaze follows.
Misaki and Rika have started practicing together over the water.
Misaki: I'm gonna take the lower position and let you touch me, Rika-chan, so you can come at me again.
Rika: Understood!
Misaki: 'Kay, here goes!
Misaki slides below Rika.
Rika: Me too!
However, Rika moves upward to evade her.
Then, the very moment there's a straight line between their positions...
Rika: Got you!
Rika instantly descends and touches Misaki's back.
Misaki: Oh no, I'm doooooomed!
Misaki lets out an exaggerated scream as she's sent flying toward the water.
Rika: Let's try that again!
Rika fights back against the recoil, then charges Misaki once more.
Misaki: Shiiiiiit!
Misaki is sent careening into the water as she starts swearing.
There's a splash of water as Misaki goes under.
Rika: M-Misaki-san, are you okay?
Misaki: Yeah, I'm fine. I made sure to brace myself.
Misaki: C'mon, give it another go!
Rika: Okay...!
The two girls return to their previous positions.
Shindou-san looks impressed as he watches.
Shindou: The Suicida, huh? I get it.
Masaya: Yeah. Figured this would work wonders against Kurobuchi.
We need something concrete to use when Kurobuchi tries one of her dirty tricks.
Plus, Rika needs to better learn the moves an opponent may use in a match, so this kills two birds with one stone.
Shindou: But that technique goes against your beliefs.
Masaya: It does, which is why we'll only pull it out as a last resort.
The Suicida is one of the most forceful moves in FC. It isn't illegal, but it's definitely on the dirtier side of things.
I've seen Shindou-san make use of it before, but I know he's careful about who he uses it on.
Masaya: I'm having someone else teach her in my place.
Shindou: You've really thought this through.
Masaya: Yep.
My answer may make it sound like I'm convinced, but I'm really not.
I just arrived at this answer after considering what Rika wants to be.
So, of course there's no way I'm totally sure it's the right decision.
Shindou: Well, at the very least, I can tell that she's changed.
Shindou-san says that as he nods.
Shindou: Something about her seems more... natural now, in how she's thinking and moving.
Masaya: You picked up on that too, Shindou-san?
Shindou: I assume that means someone else did as well?
Masaya: Yes.
Shindou: Then you should have more confidence in yourself.
Honestly, I'm still not sure exactly what's different.
I've heard Rika's innermost thoughts, so I have a different opinion on this matter than anyone else.
Shindou-san knows her well, but even he doesn't have this information, so there's no way we're seeing the same thing.
Masaya: (Maybe Rika's still in the process of changing.)
She's begun to strip off the role she had when she first arrived.
Now all that's left is to help her find something new.
Rika: Huh... Do you mean it?
Masaya: Yeah, I do. Shindou-san said he thinks you've changed.
Rika looks delighted when I report the news to her.
Rika: I see... Wow, I can't believe Shindou-senpai said that...
In a way, Shindou-san is Rika's role model. And I'm sure other people at Takafuji, like Satouin-san, feel the exact same way.
Masaya: (He <i>did</i> win the nationals.)
He's always been friendly with me, but now that I think about it, it kinda feels like I've been in the presence of royalty this whole time.
That simple positive view he shared will probably inspire Rika to travel to new heights.
Misaki: So, if a Suicida takes you out at the wrong moment, you're in for a world of hurt!
Masaya: Yeah, it's real painful.
Mashiro: We need to make sure Kurobuchi-san can't use it.
Masaya: Right. Hm, why don't we start considering positioning for our next practice?
I've just barely managed to fit in the more technical aspects of FC matches in our practice, alongside the normal stuff.
The Kurobuchi incident kinda ruined our schedule, but Rika's helped repair it.
Rika: ......
Hm, seems like Rika's had something on her mind this whole time.
Better ask her about it later.
Masaya: Okay, let's call it a day. See you all back here tomorrow.
Everyone: Yes, Coach!
Rika: Yes, Coach!
Misaki: Yessir!
Mashiro: Yeaaah!
Madoka: Okaaay!
Rika: By learning to defend against the Suicida, I can do better against rougher players, right?
Masaya: That's the idea. It's not perfect, but it should help.
Rika: Okay. We'll keep working on things like this as we build up our plan to counter Kurobuchi-san.
Masaya: Yeah...
The first thing I did was teach them how to counter the dirty techniques Kurobuchi likes to use, like pincers and the Suicida.
And, as a result, Rika's started to come up with plans of her own.
That's a pretty great sign, since it shows how much she's grown.
Masaya: (She's going to need actual practical experience to keep improving, though...)
That means I need to find her a truly strong opponent.
Good thing I've already come up with plans for that scenario.
Masaya: (I just hope I can get all this across to Rika.)
And I hope I've done a good enough job...
Rika: Masaya-san.
Masaya: Hm?
Rika: Today's, um... club activities are over, yes?
Masaya: Yeah, everyone's gone home.
It's been about two hours since Misaki and the others left the clubroom.
No one's showed any signs of returning, so the two of us are completely alone.
Rika: Then... do you think we could take an hour?
Masaya: ......
There are certain rules I've maintained since we started dating.
One of these is not going any further than kissing.
Another is not flirting anywhere that might draw attention.
Both of those make sense in my mind, since I don't want anyone complaining that we're too distracted.
Rika: Mmm... Mmmph, mmm...
But...
My sense of reason is on the verge of collapse. I'm having a hard time controlling myself with such an adorable girl by my side.
Rika: Mmm... Masaya-san... Mmmph...
And she's not trying to stop me, either.
Rika's so proactive during our time alone that I can barely believe she's diligent during practice.
Though I guess the word "diligence" probably takes on a different meaning when it comes to love.
Rika: Masaya-san... Can I touch you here?
Rika points at my thighs.
Masaya: Sure, but... you know what you're doing, right?
Rika: Of course I do... I won't touch you anywhere else.
Rika stretches a dainty hand out toward my thighs.
Rika: Okay... Here I go.
She proceeds to gently stroke my thigh.
Masaya: (Ngh... Mmm...!)
Rika's simply touching me, nothing more.
She started with my head, then moved to my limbs, and then various parts of my torso.
For her, it's a simple expression of love, but I feel like I'm being blueballed.
Masaya: (My thighs... She's right by the danger zone!)
Is she doing this on purpose?!
Rika: Please let me keep going... for a little bit longer.
She doesn't let up.
Masaya: (Aaah... Aaaaaah!)
Rika: Haaah... You're so warm, Masaya-san...
It's the evening, and my parents aren't home. We chose to hang out here at this time because it's a golden opportunity.
Then, as we were talking, we somehow found ourselves lying down next to each other on my bed, our bodies pressed tightly against each other.
And yet, I still haven't done anything. Man, I must have nerves of steel...
Rika: Your chest... is so muscular.
Masaya: U-Um, Rika... you should probably be more careful...
Rika: Hehe, it's fine. I promise I won't touch you anywhere strange.
As she says that, she repeatedly moves her hand toward and away from the center of my chest.
And I can feel my heart beating faster every time she does.
Masaya: (Holy shit! That can't be happening!)
It goes without saying that the strange places she mentioned are my nipples.
She better not touch those, or I'll go from 0 to 100 real quick.
Rika: I... could touch you forever and never tire of it.
Rika's hands move incessantly as her legs, which are entangled with mine, wriggle at a teasingly slow place.
She probably doesn't realize, but every single one of her movements is getting a rise out of me.
Rika: Haaah... Masaya-san, I love you.
God, that sounds so hot...
Is she trying to torture me here? Because if so, she'd deserve an Oscar for this little performance.
Rika: Can I... touch you again?
She does it without even waiting for a reply.
Masaya: (E-Eeeeeek!)
Why do I have to deal with this all the time?
I love Rika, of course, but... I've sure come to realize how powerful, and terrifying, love can be.
We haven't even <i>done</i> anything yet, but she won't stop acting like this. How's she gonna act <i>after</i> we spice things up?
Even thinking about that has me sweating.
Masaya: Um, Rika-san?
Rika: ...Yes, I understand what you're about to say, Masaya-san.
Rika answers before I can actually question her.
Rika: We've been going too far lately when we make out, right?
Masaya: If you know that, um...
Rika: But... I'm sorry. I just want to squeeze you so tightly, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Ah...
Shit.
Something inside me just snapped.
Rika: I'm sorry.
Rika's diligent side makes her apologize as she locks the clubroom door.
Rika: Please indulge me.
After saying that, she sits down next to me and leans her body into mine.
Rika: Mmm...
Her hands wrap around my back, leaving us pressed tightly together.
Rika's real innocent at times like this.
I swear, she's nothing like her normal self when she wants to do anything remotely romantic.
One of her hands traces the nape of my neck.
I reach out a hand immediately, unable to hold myself back as she touches me.
Masaya: Hey, that tickles, Rika.
It's sending shivers down my spine.
She must sense something in my reluctant attitude, since she's suddenly a lot more assertive.
She smells so sweet, and she's right next to me...
Rika: ...Masaya-san.
Masaya: What is it?
Rika: That one hour ended up turning into three, huh?
Masaya: Well, we <i>did</i> fall asleep...
We had tons of fun, but ended up thoroughly exhausted.
Well, whatever. I've learned my lesson, so I'll be a lot more careful next time.
Rika: Hey, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Hm?
Rika: How do you feel... about what we just did? You don't regret it, do you?
Masaya: Of course I don't.
Getting so physically close to her has reminded me how much I love Rika, and how precious she is to me.
I've just been worried about so much stuff lately that I've been making excuses for myself.
Phrases like, "I'm enduring it" make me sound like some morally upright person, but truth is, I've been making things hard for Rika this whole time.
Rika: I'm glad.
Rika smiles sweetly at me.
Rika: I know I asked the question, but I was a little scared of the answer.
Masaya: Oh... I'm sorry.
Can't believe I've made her so nervous.
Rika: No, it's fine. I know you're a very serious person, Masaya-san. It's very relieving.
Rika: ...Though you can get rather perverted.
Masaya: Oh, uh...
The two of us turn bright red and fall silent.
What the hell are we doing...?
Masaya: Well, anyway, it's late. We should get home.
I reach out my hand.
Rika: Yes... Let's go.
And naturally, Rika takes hold of it.
I swear, I'm one lucky guy.
I'm happy that our relationship has deepened...
But these natural moments where we just touch each other lightly are still the best of all.
After my long heart-to-heart conversation with Aoi-san...
...I had an extremely vivid dream.
It was the same dream I started having after the summer tournament. One full of hope where I was flying through the sky.
A dream where I spread out my arms, faced upward, and flew as far as my wings could take me as the wind caressed my body.
At first, I couldn't understand why that scene kept repeating in my mind.
I thought that I might have been using it to vent my stress on some subconscious level.
But eventually, I realized that was wrong.
Because in those dreams, I was holding a girl's hand.
And it was an incredibly warm, comforting hand. So warm, in fact, that I felt it set my heart ablaze.
Whenever I looked at the girl in my dreams, I heard her say, "I'm having a lot fun right now."
And I replied in kind.
Simply being by her side, and flying with her, was enough to keep me facing ever upward.
Ultimately, no matter what struggles I faced, I always returned to this dream. It was the only place I could see that strong, kind smile, so I really had no other choice.
The sheer warmth of it all made me think I was flying close to the sun.
Masaya: Asuka.
I call out to her in my dreams.
She's the girl I love, the girl who helped me beat back my longstanding depression.
Masaya: ......
I realize I'm missing my blanket when I wake up.
And as I think more, I remember everything that happened yesterday, as well as everything from my dreams.
Masaya: Man...
Masaya: This is kinda embarrassing...
A smile rises to my face despite how self-conscious I feel.
Well, whatever. I'm up already, so I guess I'll head to school early.
Masaya: Feels weird being up this early...
I see my right hand when I'm about to get out of bed.
The sunlight's shining right onto its palm, which makes it feel hot.
Masaya: Oh, I see.
That explains the dream.
Masaya: No one's out this early, huh?
I'm only 30 minutes ahead of my normal schedule, but there isn't a single soul in sight.
Masaya: A kindergarten bus normally passes by...
A bus usually rolled past me as I walked toward school.
And further down, I'd see some kindergarten teachers with some kids.
Masaya: And around here, I run into some elementary schoolers...
I turn the corner while expecting them to dash right into me and...
Asuka: Ah...!
Masaya: Ah!
Didn't expect this... Damn, what do I even say?
Asuka: G-Good morning!
Masaya: Y-Yeah, good morning...
We awkwardly bob our heads as we greet each other.
Asuka: Y-You're out here early today, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Oh, yeah. Figured I'd head to school, since I woke up early and all.
Asuka: Oh, I see... Haha, ahaha...
God, this small talk is so cringy...
Masaya: So, about yesterday...
Asuka: Ah!
My words seem to trigger something in Asuka.
In an instant, her face is bright red.
Masaya: U-Um, Asuka...?
Asuka: Wh-Wh-What about yesterday...?
Why's she getting all flustered?
Masaya: (Oh... I see.)
She probably thinks I'm talking about how we confessed to each other. My bad.
I just wanted to tell her about my talk with Aoi-san, but obviously she wouldn't have guessed.
Masaya: Oh, uh, what happened yesterday... um, made really happy... Thanks.
Since we're on the topic already, it's better to just talk about it.
I know it's weird to thank her, but that's gotta be better than trying to awkwardly change the topic, right?
Asuka: Y-Yes, um, me too...
Asuka: I also felt very, very happy...
Crap... Asuka looks <i>really</i> cute right now.
The way she's acting all shy by looking back and forth between me and the ground is driving me nuts...
I swear, I'd hug her right here and now if no one else was around.
Masaya: (Wait, we're actually all alone...)
Ugh, forget that. Point is, my love for her is overwhelming me.
Don't know if I could actually work up the courage to embrace her, but that doesn't really matter.
Masaya: Do you usually walk to school around this time?
Asuka nods.
Asuka: Yes, pretty much every day.
Masaya: Damn. I'm impressed. I could never manage that.
Asuka: Well, I was almost late on my first day, remember?
Masaya: Oh, yeah.
That was a close call.
We had to fly at top speed, and we still just barely made it.
Asuka: That's why I started leaving earlier. I hate the idea of being late.
Masaya: One little mistake's changed your way of life, huh? Cool.
Maybe I should take a page out of her book...
Asuka: Oh, but...
Masaya: Yeah?
Asuka: I wouldn't have met you if I wasn't running late, so...
Asuka: ...It wasn't all bad, I guess.
Asuka: Ah...! Wh-What did I just say? J-Just forget it all!
Man, she's really, <i>really</i> cute!
Asuka: Um, so, what should we do?
Masaya: What do you mean?
Asuka: We, um... started dating yesterday, right?
Masaya: Y-Yeah...
It's a little embarrassing when she puts it like that, but she's not wrong.
Asuka: What should we tell the others?
Masaya: Oh...
Shit.
Masaya: Yeah, I mean, keeping quiet... is probably a bad idea...
Asuka: Yeah... Still, how do we tell them?
Good question. Let's see, announcing at a meeting would be pretty tacky...
...Guess our only choice is to tell each of them individually.
Masaya: Let me handle it.
Asuka: Are you sure that's okay?
Masaya: Yeah. It'd probably be harder for you, right?
Asuka: T-True...
Okay, so I've gotta tell everyone. That's easy enough, but when?
It'll get harder the longer I wait, so as soon as possible, I guess?
Misaki: Morning.
Masaya: H-Hi...
Asuka: Good morning, Misaki-chan.
Great. I already sound like a total weirdo.
If I keep this up, she'll figure it all out on her own...
Misaki: Oh, you guys came in together. Weird...
Madoka: Good point. You usually show up at different times.
Asuka: ......
Asuka: Y-Y-Y-Y-You're right! We just happened to run into each other on the way! T-Tell them, Masaya-san!
Masaya: Y-Yeah, what a weird coincidence. Hahaha...
Misaki: Guess that makes sense, since you usually come at different times.
Madoka: I think that's great. It means you two are getting more in sync, which'll help with FC.
Masaya: Y-You said it! Hahaha... (Man, that was close.)
Guess we managed to pull the wool over their eyes?
It was probably just an offhand comment, but Misaki nearly gave me a heart attack there!
Misaki: Oh, Madoka. You have a handout for Mashiro, don't you?
Madoka: You're right! I'll go give it to her right now. Wanna tag along?
Misaki: Yeah, better get it out of the way. Aight, we'll be back soon.
Masaya: You do that.
Asuka: See you in a bit.
Madoka: We'll be right back!
Masaya: Pheeeeeew...!
Asuka: Pheeeeeew...!
What a relief.
Asuka: Th-They didn't catch on, did they?
Masaya: B-Based on their reactions, we should be fine.
We got by on the skin of our teeth.
Though, honestly, I don't wanna keep doing this, so I'd better tell everyone fast.
Masaya: I'll talk to Madoka after practice.
Asuka: Good idea...
Misaki: ...What's your take?
Madoka: ...It's a little gray, but almost black.
Misaki: Way I see it, there's no doubt.
Madoka: I've been waiting for something to happen since that Iron Mall visit. It's good to know they finally made some progress.
Mashiro: When did he manage to make a move?
Misaki: What are we gonna do? It'd be fun to mess around with them...
Mashiro: Time for some exciting questions! Like, asking Masaya-senpai, "Asuka-senpai sure is cute, isn't she?" Or wait, I know, we can watch them as they gaze into each other's eyes!
Misaki: I've got a ton of ideas. I'll talk to Asuka and say, "Wow, Masaya's been acting <i>way</i> more cool lately!" Or no, maybe I'll go with, "Hey, do you think I should hurry up and confess to Masaya already?"
Madoka: Well, knowing them, they'll probably just act all embarrassed. Let's keep the teasing to just today. We can tell them we know after practice.
Misaki: Seriously? <i>Come on,</i> I need at least three days to get this stuff out of my system!
Mashiro: A week sounds better to me!
Madoka: Are you two sadists...? No, we're going with my plan.
Misaki: Boooooo!
Madoka: No booing. You guys are going to listen to me, got it?
Misaki: Fiiine...
Mashiro: Understood.
Masaya: Okay, let's start today's meeting.
Misaki: Hmmmmmm...
Masaya: Why are you staring at me, Misaki?
She isn't trying to mess with me, right?
Misaki: Nah, it's nothing.
Misaki: It's just, you look a lot more cool lately.
Asuka: Ah...!
Masaya: Wh-Why bring that up?
Misaki: Don't you agree, Asuka?
Asuka: Huuuuuuh?!
Asuka: I-I, um, I, I, uh, um...
...Cool it, Asuka! You're getting <i>way</i> too flustered.
Masaya: Why are you asking her that? That's pretty damn weird.
Misaki: Huh? I mean, she's kinda like your disciple, yeah? That means she's probably watching you more.
Misaki's clearly up to something.
Masaya: (Is this all a joke to her, or does she know?)
Maybe I should just tell them now. Though, that might ruin the rest of the meeting...
Mashiro: Come to think of it, I feel like Asuka-senpai's gotten a lot cuter.
Masaya: Why are you playing along with Misaki's joke?
Mashiro: Don't you agree, Masaya-senpai?
Masaya: Huh? Oh, I, um...
Asuka: Ah...! Hm...
Masaya: ...Quit staring at me, Asuka.
Asuka: Oh, I-I'm sorry... I couldn't help myself!
Man, at this rate, it's only a matter of time before they find out.
Why are Misaki and Mashiro doing this? There <i>has</i> to be a good reason.
Masaya: What are you two trying to pull?
Misaki: Nothing.
Mashiro: Nothing at all.
God, they're acting more suspicious than us!
Madoka: Okay, that's enough. It's the manager's turn to speak.
Masaya: Sure... go ahead.
What's she gonna do?
Madoka: Um, you two are dating, aren't you?
Masaya: Huh?!
Asuka: Eek!
Misaki: I knew this would happen...
Mashiro: Yeah, it's honestly a little boring. I wish they would've done something different.
Madoka: I know, right?
Masaya: What the... How long have you guys--
Shion: Sorry I'm late! Class ran long!
Misaki: Ugh...
Mashiro: Eek!
Asuka: Ah...
Shion: Why are you guys acting so weird?
Madoka: Do a 180 and walk right out that door, Shion!
Shion: Why?!
Shion: I see... Hinata and Kurashina, huh? That's nice...
Madoka: What's with that boring reaction? You sound like someone's uncle.
Misaki: Well, we can leave questions about how it all went down for later, so...
Mashiro: Tell us what you like about him!
Asuka: I-I need to answer that?!
Misaki: Definitely!
Mashiro: Absolutely!
Asuka: Oh no... U-Um, what I love most is...
Masaya: You <i>don't</i> have to answer, Asuka. Hey, guys, quit pressuring her!
Misaki: Wow, Masaya's barking orders like a real drill sergeant.
Mashiro: What a jerk...
Masaya: Seriously?
Madoka: Okay, that's enough. The people from Takafuji will be here soon, so go get changed.
Misaki: 'Kaaay. Asuka, let's talk while we get changed!
Asuka: Uhhh...
Mashiro: Are things a little different when you're alone?
Masaya: Hey!
Masaya: Good job. Now go for a string of moves while you're there.
Asuka: Understood!
Masaya: Shindou-san, please focus on dodging Asuka's attacks. Oh, but try to get behind her for an attack at the same time, too.
Shindou: Got it, Hinata-kun... Come at me whenever you're ready, Kurashina-kun!
Asuka: Understood! Here I go!
Our zigzag string is starting to look good, so now we're trying to predict what Saki Inui's reaction would be.
Shindou-san creates the Bird Cage, then when the pressure from Asuka gets to be too much, he breaks away and shoots for the buoy.
Asuka then jumps to the next line, blocks Shindou-san's path, and reverses their roles. That's the response we came up with.
I'm using Inui's match from the other day as reference to carefully craft the most efficient and strategic options for Asuka.
Shindou: Ugh... You're much faster now, Kurashina-kun!
Asuka: Oh no, I'm still nowhere near fast enough!
At this point, they're equals... No, wait, I guess it's more accurate to say Shindou-san's finally breaking a sweat.
Madoka: "It's true that she had enormous latent potential all along, but her growth is simply astonishing!"
Madoka: ...Coach Hinata stated with great satisfaction!
Masaya: Quit trying to guess my thoughts, Madoka.
Madoka: I wasn't that far off the mark, right?
Masaya: ...I guess.
Asuka must seem like a prodigy to most folks.
And I'm sure that goes double for Madoka, who serves as our manager.
Masaya: Hey, Madoka.
Madoka: What?
Masaya: Sorry I started dating Asuka...
I know this must be hard for her.
I mean, a coach dating one of their players is wrong on so many levels, and it doesn't help that we have an important tournament coming up.
She's our manager, so it probably irritates her most.
Madoka: Don't apologize. Honestly, I'm glad it happened.
Masaya: Wait, really?
Madoka: Yeah. Asuka-chan's been in love with you this whole time.
Madoka: It's good that she doesn't have to hold back anymore.
Masaya: W-Wait, what? How long has she liked me?
Madoka: Huh? Hold on, are you saying you didn't know? Seriously?! You must've had some idea!
Masaya: No, not at all...
Madoka: ......
Madoka: Hey, Hinata-kun, why don't you bring your forehead a little closer to me?
Masaya: What do you--? Ouch!
Masaya: What do you--?
Masaya: Ouch!
Madoka: I'm punishing you in Asuka's place.
Masaya: I-I didn't do anything wrong!
Madoka: You <i>totally</i> did! Being dense is a sin, Hinata-kun.
Masaya: Ugh...
Madoka: Well, putting aside the fact that you're as dense as a black hole, I'm happy for Asuka-chan.
Masaya: But I'm her coach, so this is...
Madoka: Who cares? You aren't going to stop dating now, are you?
Masaya: Of course not!
Madoka: Right. You better take good care of her.
Masaya: I <i>definitely</i> will.
Madoka: I'm sure you won't lose sight of your job as her coach, so this is honestly a huge weight off my shoulders.
Madoka: This might sound kind of cheesy, but make sure to take care of both Asuka-chan and your club responsibilities, got it?
Masaya: ......
Madoka: Wh-Why are you just staring at me?
Masaya: I was just thinking we're lucky to have a manager as great as you.
Madoka: Heh... What, it took you this long to figure that out?
I was worried about how everything would turn out, but everything seems to proceed without any issues.
...Man, I can't thank Madoka enough.
Asuka: I see... Madoka-chan said that, huh?
I just finished telling Asuka about my conversation with Madoka.
Asuka: That makes me want to work even harder!
Asuka clenches her fists and strikes a pose.
Asuka: So, now that they all know, what should we do?
Masaya: We shouldn't force ourselves to act any different. We're together basically every single day, so we spend lots of time together already.
Asuka: G-Good point!
That's right. We're dating now, but not much else has really changed.
I just feel a little restless when we're alone together, that's all.
Masaya: (Where do we go from here...?)
Actually, when I start thinking about it, some inappropriate thoughts start to fill my head.
Masaya: (Th-There's no way I can tell Asuka about any of that!)
I shake my head to clear my mind.
We land at the terminal, then proceed to walk home.
Masaya: Well, I'll see you tomorrow.
When we reach the fork in the road, I wave my hand at Asuka and begin to walk down my branch.
Asuka: Ah...
Asuka, however, just stands there without giving me any kind of response.
Masaya: Asuka?
Is something wrong? I'm <i>really</i> worried here...
Asuka: Oh, uh, um, it's nothing special...
She's fidgeting an awful lot...
Asuka: Um... I want to spend more time with you.
...Oh.
Asuka: Would that bother you?
Masaya: ...No, I actually want the exact same thing.
Asuka: R-Really?! I'm so glad...
Asuka: Why don't you come to my place?
Masaya: Huh? Your place...?
Asuka: Yeah!
Masaya: Won't that bother your family...?
Asuka: Oh, no one's home today.
Masaya: I see. We'd be all alone...
Asuka: Yeah! That's part of the reason I want to spend more time with you.
Guess that explains her sudden invitation.
Masaya: (She didn't want to be alone, huh?)
I'm kinda disappointed to hear that's her main motive...
Masaya: (Wait, that doesn't change the fact that we're all alone!)
My heart's beating a mile a minute.
It's probably safe to say she likes me, so how is she taking all this?
Masaya: (...Well, duh, of course she likes you, Mr. Obvious.)
Masaya: (We already confessed to each other and everything. The hell am I thinking...)
Kinda feels like this whole situation has fried my brain...
Asuka: You can have this, Masaya-san.
Asuka hands me a cushion that looks like a strawberry.
Masaya: Oh, thanks.
I place it on the ground and sit on it.
Asuka: Phew...
Asuka sits down on her bed.
Then, we just look at each other and smile.
Asuka: I have to say, this feels kind of weird...
Masaya: Yeah, I know what you mean.
Asuka: I know we confessed to each other, and everyone else knows already, but it's still hard to believe we're actually dating...
Masaya: Yeah, it hasn't really sunk in yet.
Asuka: Um, Masaya-san, how do you feel about me...
Masaya: I love you. I really do.
Asuka: Whoa... That was amazing. You didn't even hesitate...
Asuka casts her gaze down to the floor as a blush stains her cheeks.
Asuka: I feel the same way... I love you, Masaya-san. But you know, that's also why I'm not sure what to do...
Masaya: What do you mean?
Asuka: Um, I've never dated anyone before, so I'm not sure how couples act.
Asuka: I-I know! Masaya-san, why don't you be my relationship coach, too?!
Masaya: H-Huuuh?!
What the hell is she saying...
Asuka: I was thinking maybe you could help me learn the ins and outs of being in a relationship...
Asuka: D-Does that sound too silly?
Masaya: Listen, Asuka.
Asuka: Yes!
Masaya: That's impossible. I can't coach you.
Asuka: You can't, huh? I see...
Masaya: I mean, I've never dated anyone either.
Asuka: Huh...? Whaaat?!
Asuka: No way, really?!
Masaya: ...Yeah.
Why does it feel she just kicked me straight in the nuts?
Well, whatever. I can't really complain.
Asuka: I'm <i>really</i> surprised you've never had a girlfriend when you're so cool...
Masaya: Yeah, well, it's hard to believe you've never had a boyfriend when you're this cute...
Asuka: I-I swear I was nowhere even close to having one!
Masaya: O-Okay...
Asuka: And that's why I got all worried about you rejecting me after I realized I was in love with you...
Masaya: Yeah, I was in the same boat. I didn't manage to piece my feelings together until the moment you confessed...
Asuka: ......
Masaya: ......
Asuka: ...Hehe.
Masaya: ...Haha.
We start laughing.
Guess we're both surprised by how silly we acted before the confession.
Asuka: Ahaha... We're a couple of weirdos, aren't we?
Masaya: You can say that again.
Well, this is great. All that laughter has helped ease the tension in the air.
Plus, Asuka's expression has softened, too.
Asuka: Oh, I'm sorry. Give me a second.
Asuka's phone rings, at which point she checks the caller ID and promptly answers.
Asuka: Yep, I'm already home, Mom.
Oh, it's Kyoka-san.
Man, it's kinda nice to hear Asuka being more casual.
Asuka: Wait... what?! Oh, okay... I understand, yes...
Masaya: What'd she say?
Asuka: W-Well, um...
Asuka looks at me with a troubled, embarrassed expression on her face.
Asuka: My parents aren't going to make it home tonight.
Masaya: ...Huh?
Asuka: It's just... us here...
I never expected this. Everything's changed...
It's gonna be hard for me to keep myself in check at this point...
Asuka: Masaya-san, can you, um... stay a little longer?
Masaya: Yeah, sure... I mean, I can't just leave you all alone.
Asuka: That's a relief. I'd feel pretty scared on my own...
Asuka flashes me a smile.
Asuka: Ah...! Um...
But then, she grips the hem of her skirt with both of her hands.
Asuka: ...I've made up my mind.
Huh? About what?
Asuka: Masaya-san, please stand up.
Masaya: O-Okay... What now?
Asuka: Now sit down over here.
Asuka pats the spot next to her on her bed.
Masaya: ...Okay.
I sit beside her.
This is my first time sitting on a girl's bed, so I'm real nervous...
Man, it's <i>really</i> soft... What the hell am I thinking?!
Masaya: Wh-What did you mean when you said you made up your mind, Asuka?
Asuka smiles at me despite my rather tense tone.
Asuka: Up until now, we've been sitting pretty far apart.
Masaya: Yeah, sounds about right.
Asuka: That's why I asked you to come closer. When you're as close as you are now, my heart beats faster...
Oh, I get it.
Yeah, this is probably the first time we've sat this close to each other.
Gotta say, it's a lot more embarrassing than the times we're flying side by side.
Asuka: I wasn't sure what to do, so I figured this was a good start... Was this a bad idea?
Masaya: No, it seems fine to me. Let's give it a shot.
Asuka: I'm glad! Thanks!
And so, we decide to bring the distance between us down a notch, but...
Asuka: ......
Masaya: ......
Man, I'm feeling more embarrassed than ever...
She's so close I find myself staring at her pretty eyes and supple lips.
Asuka: M-Maybe I made a mistake...
Asuka: This is <i>really</i> embarrassing...
Asuka's face looks like a tomato.
Masaya: A-Aren't you bored of just staring at my face?
Asuka: N-No! Not at all!
Asuka shakes her head vigorously.
Asuka: I've never taken a close look at the shape of your eyebrows or nose, so I can't stop...
...Guess we're on the same page here.
Masaya: Yeah, I've been looking at your eyes too. Oh, and also, your lips...
Asuka: M-My lips...?
Masaya: Yeah. They're tiny and cute...
Asuka: Th-Thank you! Yours are so rugged...!
Masaya: Thanks... Can't say I've heard that one before.
No one else can ever see us like this. We'd never live it down.
Never thought I'd be one of those annoying love birds people always talk about.
But you know what, I'm fine with that as long as I get to keep looking at Asuka's cute face.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Asuka says my name in a hoarse voice.
And it flips a switch in me as it echoes around in my head.
Masaya: Um, Asuka...
Asuka: Yes...
My breath catches in my throat.
Masaya: I want to... kiss you...
Asuka's mouth opens and shuts a few times, but she just stares at me without saying a single word.
Come on, respond. I'm getting real nervous...
Asuka: ...Okay.
Asuka closes her eyes after she says that.
Masaya: Asuka...
I bring my face closer to hers.
Asuka: Mmmph...
Masaya: Mmmph...
And eventually, my lips lightly touch Asuka's.
They feel soft and tender. Though, they're trembling a little.
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm...
I wrap my arms around her body as I continue to kiss her.
Asuka: Oh, Masaya-san... Mmmph... Mmm...
Asuka tries to pull her mouth away, but I don't let her escape.
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm... Mmmph...
This time, I press into her harder.
I kiss her lips over and over, enjoying the sensation.
Asuka: Haaah, Masaya-saaan... Mmmph... Mmm...
Asuka's feverish voice lights a fire within me.
And I can tell she's feeling a lot more hot than usual as well.
We lust after each other's lips to the point where we start getting sweaty.
Masaya: Asuka... you're so cute... Mmmph...
I can't even begin to express how I feel about her.
All I know is that I'm currently driven by the urge to make every single part of her mine.
Asuka: I... also... Mmm... Mmmph...
We don't stop kissing as we try to talk.
After all, our actions can convey our feelings just as well as words.
And so, we start kissing all sorts of different places...
Asuka: I really love your eyes.
Asuka gives me a peck near my eyes as she says that.
Masaya: And I... love this part of you here...
I lightly press my lips against one of her earlobes.
Asuka: Eek!
Masaya: Did that tickle?
Asuka: A little...
Asuka follows that answer up with a giggle.
Asuka: That's pretty naughty...
Masaya: Sorry, I just wanted to give it a try.
Asuka: I don't mind. In fact, it's making my heart beat a lot faster...
At that point, Asuka starts stroking my chest.
Asuka: I never imagined I'd be this close to you. Dating sure is amazing...
She mutters that in an intoxicated fashion.
Masaya: Yeah...
Masaya: ...Hey. Oh, sorry. I'm spending the night at the clubroom.
Masaya: Huh? Of course I'm alone, don't be silly... I'm hanging up now.
Asuka: Li-ar!
Asuka actually seems to be mad about that little white lie.
Masaya: What, did you want me to say I was spending the night with a cute girl?
Asuka: You can't just throw out compliments like that... It makes it hard for me to argue with you...
Masaya: Well, yeah, that <i>was</i> my plan.
I start stroking Asuka's hair after I say that.
Masaya: Your hair's <i>really</i> pretty.
Asuka: You keep showering me with compliments...
Masaya: Only because you're so cute.
Asuka: G-Geez... Take this!
Asuka presses her body against mine.
Asuka: You're waaaaaay, <i>waaaaaaay</i> cooler than I am cute, okay?!
Masaya: Sure...
Asuka seems to love rubbing her head against my chest.
Man, that's kind of like how puppies show their affection, huh?
Asuka: Um, Masaya-san...
Masaya: Yeah?
Asuka looks at me with upturned eyes. Is she tired of rubbing up against me?
Asuka: I have a few requests.
Masaya: Really? Like what?
Asuka: The first one is about how I refer to you.
Huh? What does she mean?
Asuka: I call you Masaya-san, right?
Masaya: Yeah.
Asuka: Can I go with Masaya-kun when we're alone...?
Masaya: Go right ahead... Why would you want to change it, though?
Asuka: I have this habit of being too polite when I meet a new person, which scares some people off.
Asuka: Now that we've started dating, I want to fix that part of me...
Masaya: Oh...
Asuka's pretty outgoing, so that's a surprise.
Masaya: Well, why don't we try to be more casual around each other, then?
Asuka: I-I need some more time for that...
Masaya: What's the big deal? Come on, just give it a try.
Asuka: But I don't want to...
She looks kinda worried about all this, but I can tell she's about to give in.
Asuka: Um, Masaya...kun... Um...
Asuka: L-Let's rock practice, 'kay...?
Masaya: ...Pfft!
Asuka: Nooo! You laughed! You just laughed at me, didn't you?!
Asuka starts poking my chest. She's clearly upset.
Masaya: My bad. It just sounded <i>really</i> weird.
Asuka: Hmph...
Asuka puffs up her cheeks to express her dissatisfaction.
...You know, it's gonna be real hard to stop teasing her when her pouting is this cute.
Masaya: What's your other request?
Asuka: Oh, right. About the other request...
Asuka: I'll tell you after the fall tournament.
Masaya: Huh?
Asuka: It's related to FC, so that's a better time to ask...
It's got something to do with FC...? I wonder what she wants...
Nothing comes to mind, but I guess it has to be something she finds important.
Masaya: Okay, my turn. I've got a request of my own.
Asuka: You do? What is it...?
Masaya: Not now. We can talk more after the fall tournament.
Asuka: I don't want to wait that long. Just tell me now.
Masaya: You first. It's only fair, right?
Asuka: N-No! There's no way I can say it now!
Masaya: Well, why don't we just agree to tell each other at the same time?
Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: Once the fall tournament's over, and things have settled down, we can have a long talk about all this. That sound good?
Asuka: ......
Asuka: ...It does. It's a promise, then!
Masaya: Sure is!
Asuka: Okay, put out your pinky.
Masaya: Okay.
We make a pinky swear with smiles on our faces.
Madoka: Madoka Aoyagi's Club Diary.
Madoka: It's now September. Summer break is over, so we've entered a new school term.
Madoka: There are lots of changes within the school, but in our eyes, nothing is more important than winning the fall tournament.
Madoka: Naturally, we devoted most of our time to practice. However, this diary will be an account of other things that happened.
Aoi: I hope you guys didn't forget to study over your summer break.
Aoi: Make sure you're prepared so I don't have to hear you whine when midterms come around... That's all from me.
Madoka: Ms. Kagami delivered that devastating preemptive blow, which inspired fear within all of us.
Misaki: Udon, udon, udooon!
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai, Misaki-senpai, Misaki-senpaaai!
Asuka: I want to fly, I want to fly, I want to flyyy!
Madoka: Amidst all that, our three intrepid Skywalkers remained the same as ever.
Misaki: Man, practice is a lot harder when you're hungry!
Mashiro: Totally!
Masaya: Why are you having this conversation right next to my ear?
Misaki: Huh? Are we? Wow, what a coincidence!
Mashiro: Yeah, I didn't even notice!
Masaya: Enough! Come on, Shindou-san's done, so you're up next.
Misaki: Ugh, already? Gimme some udon! Boooooo!
Mashiro: Bring us some snacks, Senpaaai!
Masaya: Shut up already! Just get to work!
Madoka: Ms. Glutton and her underling are as irritating as ever.
Madoka: However, despite their complaints, they're tackling practice seriously.
Satouin: Rejoice! I have brought some refreshments!
Madoka: Oh, right. On one fine day, Satouin-san suddenly popped in and brought all sorts of food and drinks.
Madoka: I initially believed it was a show of compassion that was meant to please our gluttonous queen... but I was quickly proven wrong.
Misaki: Um, anchovies, fish paste, and... dried seaweed?
Mashiro: I have fish cakes, crab sticks, and fish fries...
Satouin: Feast your eyes upon the finest products produced by the Satou Seafood Corporation! You may eat to your heart's content!
Madoka: It basically ended up being an advertisement for her family's business. Though, it did make me wonder how many companies the Satou Group owned...
Satouin: Feel free to order more from our website once you run out. We also offer gift sets on Rakuten and... Is something wrong, Asuka Kurashina?
Asuka: Th-There's some flying fish stock...
Satouin: Oh my, do you have a problem with that?
Asuka: I-I can't really stomach it...
Satouin: How can you say that?! Flying fish stock is the lifeblood of Shitou's people! You won't ever grow healthy and strong without it!
Asuka: Nooo! You don't understand!
Madoka: As you can see, we faced some issues due to differences in culture and faith.
Madoka: However, at the end of the day, we knew Satouin-san just wanted to do something nice for us, so we really appreciated it.
Shirase: Today, we'll be doing some strength training to help build up your muscles.
Shion: Wait, did I hear muscles?! It's my time to shine!
Madoka: Unfortunately, my brother was beyond annoying on that day.
Madoka: So let's just leave it at that and move on.
Madoka: Oh, right. Speaking of annoying, a rather exasperating side of Hinata-kun came to light.
Madoka: There were no issues when it came to FC, but the same thing couldn't be said about his more personal matters.
Masaya: You did great out there, Asuka.
Asuka: Yes, thank you!
Shindou: You're winning more than 90% of the time now. I think it's safe to say we're in the final stage of practice.
Shindou: That said, Inui-kun is on a whole different level. I'm sure you already understand, but please keep that in mind, Kurashina-kun.
Asuka: Will do!
Shindou: She may even attempt some psychological attacks, so prepare yourself for that as well.
Asuka: U-Understood, but...
Asuka: I'll be fine as long as I have Masaya-kun with me!
Masaya: Whoa, Asuka, what are you saying?!
Shindou: Hm...?
Misaki: ...I see. As long as you have "Masaya-kun" with you, huh?
Asuka: ...What?
Misaki: Say, Asuka, when'd you start calling him "Masaya-kun"?
Mashiro: Oh, good point...
Asuka: Uh, uh, uhhh...
Misaki: Spill, Asuka!
Asuka: Huh? Oh, well...
Masaya: No, stop! You aren't telling them <i>anything!</i>
Shindou: ...That's unfortunate. I'm rather curious as well.
Shion: I don't really get what's happening, but you shouldn't keep secrets from your fellow club members, Hinata!
Misaki: Aight, Shindou-san, team up with Prez and hold Masaya down!
Shindou: Roger.
Shion: Sure thing!
Masaya: What the hell?! Cut it out!
Misaki: So, Asuka, what's the story...? Say what?! Masaya's actually... Wow, very interesting...
Mashiro: Oh, so when you were alone, he... Whoa!
Masaya: Heeey! What are you telling them, Asuka?! Stop!
Madoka: I never imagined she would brazenly spill all those details.
Madoka: By the way, Misaki's suggestion that she just go with Masaya-kun was vehemently rejected, so nothing else changed. However, little old me kept teasing for a while after.
Madoka: Anyway, their relationship seemed to be going great. May they live happily never after.
Madoka: Putting that whole affair aside, Asuka soon reached a point where no one else could keep up with her.
Masaya: Go, Asuka!
Asuka: Understood, Masaya-san!
Madoka: Everyone always got serious as soon as practice began.
Madoka: And thanks to that, I had free time to write this diary. Otherwise, I would've had to spend more time whipping them into shape.
Misaki: Man, you're real fired up today, Asuka-chan.
Mashiro: What's out next attack, Misaki-senpai?!
Shion: Your speed's impressive, Kurashina! Maybe that means it's time for you to inherit my will!
Shindou: Very nice. I'm excited to see how much more you grow, Kurashina-kun... Watch carefully to prepare for next year, Ichinose-kun.
Rika: Gladly!
Madoka: And eventually, it was only one week out from the fall tournament.
Madoka: How will the fateful match between Asuka and Inui turn out?! And while we're at it, how will the relationship between Asuka and Hinata blossom?!
Madoka: Find out next time... in Madoka Aoyagi's diary!
Misaki: Aight, here we go...
Misaki: Phew... I'm beat.
Masaya: Sorry for making you help.
Misaki: No worries. The udon's a light at the end of the tunnel.
Masaya: ...I don't remember promising you any udon.
Misaki: Let's just say the exchange went down on a subconscious level. We've got this whole connection going on.
Masaya: Yeah, no thanks. I'd rather not have some weird connection that'll drain my wallet.
Though, she has been a huge help, so one bowl of udon can't hurt...
Misaki: Man, this feels like something straight out of a manga.
Misaki's holding one of the weights she was wearing when she was flying as she says that.
Masaya: Yeah, I know what you mean. They're apparently pretty effective, though...
They're weights made specifically for FC training.
I asked Shirase-san to get me some to help Asuka.
Misaki: I can see that. Like, you'd <i>totally</i> go Super Saiyan if you took them off after getting used to flying around with them.
Masaya: Yep. Still, we gotta make sure Asuka doesn't hurt herself with them.
Getting used to flying with more weight on you is bound to help a normal person increase their normal speed, but in exchange, there's more stress on the body.
Misaki: True.
Masaya: Plus, I need to make sure this doesn't kill the fun she's having during practice...
Misaki: Hm...
Masaya: Why're you staring at me?
Misaki: You've kinda changed, Masaya.
Masaya: Huh...?
Misaki: You feel like a totally different person now, y'know? Like, you weren't the same before you got back into FC.
Masaya: You think?
Misaki: Back then, it didn't seem like you cared about anyone.
Misaki: But now you're doing so much for Asuka.
Masaya: Did I actually seem that bad?
Hm, I guess I wasn't very interested in the affairs of my fellow classmates.
Though, that doesn't mean I was focusing on myself or anything. Instead, I was just leading a depressing life where all I did was go through the motions.
There's no doubt in my mind that FC cured me of that illness.
Misaki: Guess you also have to thank Asuka.
Masaya: Yeah...
Misaki: I'm glad you started dating. You guys make a great couple.
Masaya: Don't start teasing me now...
Misaki: I'm not. I really mean it.
Misaki: I mean, you guys changed each other for the better.
Masaya: Oh, um... I guess that's true.
Like Aoi-san said, we didn't understand anything about each other outside of FC.
But now that we've gotten closer, we're starting to help fix any issues that are too much for either of us to deal with on our own.
Masaya: (Still...)
I'm a little surprised that Misaki noticed. And kinda happy, too.
That makes me think she also had her reasons for getting all worked up the last time Inui showed up at our school.
Maybe Misaki's a lot better at reading people than I thought.
Misaki: Honestly, there was a lot about Asuka that didn't sit well with me.
Masaya: Makes sense. You guys are like polar opposites.
Misaki: Yep. I probably would've ended up butting heads with her if Inui-san hadn't showed up after the summer tournament.
Misaki: Or just quit the club entirely before it came to that. Seems way more likely.
Masaya: I can picture that.
Misaki: She's just so different. Can't say I've ever met someone as straightforward as her.
Misaki narrows her eyes enviously after she says that.
Misaki: I'm pretty sure no matter how much I love something, I'll never be able to devote myself to it like her.
Misaki: No matter what, I always either get tired of stuff or give up when I hit a wall that's hard to climb over.
Masaya: I'm sure things would've gone well if you chose to put in some real effort.
Misaki: Huh...?
Masaya: You would've matured into a great player if you put your mind to it.
Misaki's eyes go wide as she processes my words.
Misaki: ......
And eventually, she forms a gentle smile.
Misaki: ...Thanks. It feels good to hear that.
Masaya: I'm not trying to flatter you. I <i>really</i> mean it.
Misaki: I know. You're no smooth operator.
Masaya: Well, sorry.
Misaki: Maybe I'll give it a shot after the fall tournament.
Misaki: I mean, it can't hurt, right?
Masaya: ...I'm looking forward to that.
Misaki spins around, turning her back to me.
Misaki: Aight, Mashiro's gonna be here soon, so I'm out.
Masaya: Huh? You aren't gonna watch Asuka practice?
We aren't doing the three versus one practice today, but Misaki usually still sticks around.
Misaki: ...Nah, I don't feel like it.
Misaki: Reflecting on the possible future I missed out on has me feeling a bit emotional.
Masaya: What the hell's that supposed to mean? It sounds like you're narrating a book.
Misaki: Hahaha, I know, right? Well, don't worry. I just need to cool my head.
Misaki: ...Catch you later, Masaya.
Masaya: Y-Yeah...
Misaki dashes down the beach and leaves without uttering another word.
I guess some part of her still regrets how things turned out.
That's why she let me catch a glimpse of her inner turmoil, which she usually keeps locked away.
Masaya: (I can't help but wonder how it would've turned out...)
How different would things be if I chose Misaki over Asuka after the summer tournament?
They were relative equals when I made my decision, so it's hard to push that question out of my mind.
Mashiro: Hello. Huh? Wasn't Misaki-senpai here earlier?
Masaya: Oh, Mashiro. Misaki ran over that way.
I point across the beach, which makes a disappointed look surface on Mashiro's face.
Mashiro: No way. Does that mean I have to spend my time with you until everyone else shows up?
Masaya: Wow, that <i>really</i> hurts.
Mashiro: I'm just kidding. Though, I am disappointed that Misaki-senpai isn't here.
Masaya: It sure didn't sound like you were kidding...
Mashiro: Come on, don't sweat the small stuff. So, should we just wait here?
Masaya: Y-Yeah.
Mashiro sits down and starts gazing at the waves that are breaking at the beach.
Maybe she can't think of anything to discuss with me.
Still, this is pretty damn awkward, so I'd better break this silence...
Masaya: Hey, Mashi--
Yeah, I've gotta get her talking.
Mashiro: Say, Senpai.
Or... not, I guess?
Masaya: Yeah?
Mashiro: Be honest with me.
Masaya: About what?
Mashiro: I'm... pretty bad, aren't I?
Masaya: Where'd that come from?
Mashiro: Well, no matter how much I practice, I never see any signs of improvement.
Mashiro: I figure that must mean I have no talent, which makes me feel like a real loser...
Mashiro: Honestly, at this point, I just want to hear the truth.
No talent, huh?
Until recently, my lack of talent fueled my depression, giving me a reason to act like a total coward.
However, my opinion on the matter has changed thanks to Asuka.
Masaya: Mashiro.
Mashiro: Yeah?
Masaya: The answer to your question is yes.
Mashiro: Haha... Right, of course.
Masaya: But I don't agree with that second part.
Mashiro: What second part? You mean when I said having no talent makes me a loser?
Masaya: Yeah.
Masaya: How do you explain Asuka's growth if FC skill is based purely on talent?
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai?! But she's amazing! I'm nothing like her...
Masaya: Don't you remember what she was like when she first came to Kunahama?
Mashiro: I do... But doesn't that just show how her talent has helped her grow?
Masaya: No. Listen, Asuka <i>definitely</i> isn't some innately talented prodigy. If anything, that's Misaki.
Mashiro: But... that's...
Asuka's passion is the source of her rapid improvement.
Masaya: And yet, she still put in a ton of work without ever complaining.
Masaya: That's how she got so good.
Mashiro: ...Are you saying I can get to her level if I work hard enough?
Masaya: Well, maybe not, but I'm sure you could get close.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Anyway, point is, you shouldn't give up because of a lack of talent. Hell, I bet Asuka'd be pissed if she ever heard you say that.
Mashiro turns to the sea again.
There's no wind today, so the waves are slow and gentle.
Mashiro: If... and I only mean if...
Mashiro: If I had practiced even harder than Asuka-senpai and worked <i>really</i> hard...
Mashiro: Would you have, um... picked me?
Masaya: Of course.
Mashiro: Huh? Shouldn't you think about that a bit more?
Masaya: Look, I never once told you not to work hard, yeah?
Mashiro: Oh... You're right...
Masaya: If either you or Misaki had an actual goal in mind, I would've done my best to help you fulfill it.
It's not like I favored Asuka or anything.
She just earned her place by working harder than anyone else.
Masaya: I mean, that's my whole job as your coach.
Mashiro: I... see...
Mashiro: Then maybe I should've tried harder...
Masaya: What?
Mashiro doesn't repeat herself.
Instead, she just looks out at the shimmering sea.
That gorgeous, glowing sight that's produced once the sunlight is reflected by the water.
It's breathtaking.
Asuka: I'm done with the basic drills!
Masaya: Nice. Man, you sure took your time today.
Asuka: I did! Huh? Where's everyone else?
Masaya: Only Mashiro's here right now.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai!
Asuka: Y-Yes, Mashiro-chan? What is it?
Mashiro suddenly latches onto Asuka's arm.
Mashiro: I'd love to get to know you better!
Asuka: O-Oh, sure...!
Mashiro: Great!
Man, Mashiro's <i>really</i> cute when she acts all sweet like this.
I'm sure Asuka's thinking the exact same thing, since her face is now dark red.
Mashiro: And also... tell me more about Masaya-senpai, okay?
Asuka: Huh...? Won't that make him angry?
Asuka timidly looks over to me.
Masaya: It <i>definitely</i> will.
Asuka: S-See! See!
Mashiro: What's the big deal?! God, you're such a killjoy, Masaya-senpai.
Masaya: Cut it out!
Masaya: Very nice. Your form's a lot more stable now.
Rika: Good!
Masaya: If you manage to maintain this form during vertical movement, your speed should go up considerably. Give it a try.
Rika: Understood!
Ichinose follows my instructions and soars through the dark sky.
Gotta say, this whole style of hers <i>really</i> suits her serious personality.
Masaya: Okay, let's stop here for today.
Rika: Roger!
We're done with practice, so we take a break in the sky.
Rika: Hinata-san.
Ichinose bows her head to me.
Rika: Thank you so much for helping me practice every single day.
Masaya: You're always helping Asuka, so this is the least I can do for you.
Rika: No, you've still done far too much for me. I will make some food and bring it over to help repay my debt.
Rika: Oh... Wait, would Asuka-san misunderstand?
Masaya: You don't have to worry about that.
Rika: Maybe you wouldn't mind, but I'm pretty sure Asuka-san would.
Masaya: You think?
Rika: Yeah. You need to be more careful, Hinata-san.
Masaya: Okay...
I'm a pretty carefree guy, but I guess that's gotta change now that I'm dating someone.
I've never even considered the possibility of doing anything like that with Ichinose, though...
Rika: I have to say...
Ichinose pauses and takes a deep breath. Hm, this must be something important...
Rika: I feel stupid for suspecting you at the start.
Masaya: Huh? When'd that happen?
Rika: Don't you remember the start of the training camp? I was rather rude to you, wasn't I?
...Oh, right.
Wow, it's only been half a year, but it feels like that happened a lifetime ago.
Rika: And yet, here I am now, trusting you more than anyone and having you help me with practice...
Rika: You just never know where life will lead you.
Masaya: Yeah... Totally.
I first ran into Asuka by accident, and even us joining the Kunahama FC Club came down to a chance meeting.
If just one thing happened in a slightly different way, nothing would be the same.
Rika: If you had gotten back into FC a little earlier...
Rika: You would have enrolled at Takafuji, right?
Masaya: Hm, yeah, maybe.
It's honestly hard to say, since Aoi-san's presence would've made Kunahama an appealing option.
Though, if I had returned to FC, she probably would've told me to go with the top FC school in the region.
So yeah, Ichinose's probably right.
Rika: Then... you would have been my upperclassman.
Masaya: True... and Satouin-san could've been my classmate.
She's pretty hard to handle, so how would that have gone?
Well, once you get to know her, it's obvious that she's actually considerate and kind, so I'm sure we would've gotten along just fine.
Rika: Hehe, right. It's a funny thought...
Masaya: Yeah, I bet it would've been pretty fun.
Rika: I'm sure Shindou-senpai and Satouin-senpai would've been completely different... And also, I...
Ichinose stops talking suddenly. Is something wrong?
Masaya: Ichinose?
Rika: I...
Something must be <i>really</i> wrong...
Rika: Okay... I'm going to change starting now.
Masaya: Uh, cool?
I guess what she was gonna say doesn't really matter.
It's fine as long as she's made up her mind.
Rika: Is it okay for me to do just one more lap?
Masaya: Yeah, go ahead.
Rika: Thanks!
Ichinose cheerfully takes off into the starry sky.
And this last bit of flight is totally different... In fact, I'd even say Ichinose's style has changed entirely.
It seems almost... mischievous now.
We're three days out from the fall tournament.
It's about time to put an end to this practice, so I address everyone that's gathered.
Masaya: You've all done great. Now, we just have to go out there in three days and beat Saki Inui.
Tomorrow, we're mainly going to discuss strategy, and the day after that has been set aside for rest and relaxation.
Obviously, that means this is our final proper practice session.
I can see them tense up as they realize what I'm getting at.
Shindou: So, what's on today's menu?
Misaki: Hm... It's our last day, so why don't we all gang up on Asuka?
Asuka: Eeep... Th-That sounds hard...
Masaya: No, I've got something else planned. Something that's probably <i>way</i> harder.
Misaki: Huh?
Mashiro: What?
Asuka: Really?
Rika: What could it possibly be?
Shindou: Please don't keep us in suspense, Hinata-kun.
Masaya: ...Fine.
We move to the beach.
And once we get there, we spot a tall woman in a white coat.
Aoi: You guys are running kind of late.
Misaki: Huh...? Huuuuuuh?!
Mashiro: Wait, don't tell me she's Asuka-senpai's final sparring partner...?
Rika: I-I didn't expect that...
Shindou: Haha. True. She's definitely a much harder opponent than all of us combined.
Masaya: Yeah.
Aoi: You're going to face me today, Kurashina. Prepare yourself.
Asuka: U-Understood...
Asuka's a nervous wreck.
Guess I'm not surprised...
Madoka: I've never seen Ms. Kagami play before...
Shion: Same... Actually, isn't that the case for everyone aside from Hinata?
Shindou: No, I've actually seen her play. It was a long time ago, though.
Misaki: Makes sense.
Rika: What kind of player was she?
Shindou: What do you mean?
Mashiro: Like, what was her playstyle... and what moves did she know? You know, stuff like that.
Shindou: Haha... That's a difficult question. Well, if I had to say...
Misaki: Yeah?
Shindou: She's strong.
Misaki: Huh?
Shindou: Don't misunderstand. I'm not fooling around. I just can't think of any other way to describe her.
Shindou: Aoi Kagami is an unparalleled Skywalker. That's the main impression I have in my mind.
Shindou: Speed, intuition, tactics, techniques... It goes without saying that she's mastered all those areas. Plus, her movements are quite efficient and beautiful.
Misaki: Wow, that means a lot coming from you...
Shindou: No one knows why she quit. It doesn't really make sense, since she was more than good enough to be a top Skywalker on the international circuit.
Shindou: Getting to watch her play is a rare blessing.
Mashiro: Wow, I didn't know she was that amazing...
Shindou: Hinata-kun must mean a lot to her if she's willing to do this for him.
Madoka: That makes sense. Hinata-kun was the one who asked her for help.
Masaya: Thank you, Ms. Kagami. I honestly didn't expect you to agree.
Aoi: You've finally returned to the sky, so I've got no excuse to keep moping around.
Masaya: Oh...
Aoi: Besides, I feel like this'll help you understand what you've been doing the last six months.
Aoi: ...I can't wait.
There's a huge grin on her face.
And honestly, I haven't seen that smile in years.
My body trembles for a moment.
Masaya: (She isn't gonna hold back...)
I know I asked her to face Asuka, but I can't help but wonder if this is really a good idea...
Like, I'm sure Aoi-san isn't going to do anything that may hurt Asuka, but she's still <i>really</i> scaring me here.
Shion: Okay, everything's ready. The practice match will now begin.
Prez comes up from below.
Shion: We'll start as soon as both players confirm they're good to go.
Prez places the whistle in his mouth after he says that.
Asuka: I'm ready. You can start whenever.
Aoi: Same here. Let's get going.
Prez puffs up his cheeks...
And then...
Aoi: Let's see if you can keep up with me!
Asuka: Huh? What the...?!
What came first, the whistle or Aoi-san's movement?
She moves so fast that it's hard to even tell. Aoi-san's partway to second before Asuka even moves a muscle.
Shindou: Amazing!
Misaki: Wow... she's a lot faster than Inui-san!
Rika: I can't believe it...
Aoi-san looks like a streak of light as she rockets toward second.
I'm surprised too, but I can't waste more time.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes?!
Masaya: Don't panic. You'll play right into her hands if you do. Just jump to the second line and get ready to intercept her.
Asuka: Understood!
Madoka: Wow, Hinata-kun's real calm.
Mashiro: ...He looks a lot more reliable than usual.
Shindou: I'm sure he understands.
Rika: Hm...?
Shindou: He must understand all of Ms. Kagami's strengths, as well as how to counter them.
Misaki: You mean... 'cause he's known her for so long?
Shindou: That's part of it, yes. However, he can't just rely on past memories.
Shindou: It's clear that his instructions are based on everything he's learned these last six months.
Shindou: Hinata-kun has also grown a lot.
Misaki: Oh, okay...
Mashiro: Yeah, he seems like a totally different person right now...
Aoi-san touches second.
That's 0:1.
Damn, that's impressive.
Madoka: No way! She's two seconds faster than Inui-san!
That may not seem like much, but every single millisecond counts in FC, so two seconds is a huge lead.
Misaki: Hold on, she isn't even wearing a flight suit...
Mashiro: Oh, good point. It should be hard to move in her clothes, but she seems just fine.
Shindou: I wonder how they'll react.
Asuka has reached the second line.
Asuka: I'm ready!
Masaya: Good. Now wait there. Once Ms. Kagami starts closing in, it's our turn.
Asuka: Understood!
Aoi-san appears before Asuka nearly instantly.
Aoi: What, you're trying to cage me up like Inui? You really think you're good enough to stop me?
Asuka: No, you're wrong... I'm...
I tell her it's time to pull out all the stops. And in response, Asuka gets moving.
Asuka: I'm going... for your back!
Asuka starts moving between five set points, which makes it impossible to guess her angle of attack.
A pentagram of her afterimages forms around Aoi-san as she darts between them at top speed.
Aoi: This is...
Aoi-san sounds <i>really</i> surprised.
Shindou: It's almost perfect. Kurashina-kun really has improved a lot.
Rika: Yeah...!
Asuka's technique receives high praise from Shindou-san and Rika, who've been helping her develop it.
Aoi: I knew you'd been practicing polygon attack chains, but I didn't think you'd mastered it yet.
Aoi: Feels like I'm playing against an international pro...
Her tone of voice is calm, but I can tell she's nervous.
Masaya: Okay, strike while the iron's hot!
Asuka: Understood, here I go!
Asuka launches her attack from the vertex that's hardest to spot.
She uses the force of her turn to boost her speed as she Airkick Turns toward Aoi-san.
Aoi: Hmph, how predictable!
Unfortunately, Aoi-san seems to have guessed where the attack was coming from.
She nimbly evades Asuka's attack with the grace of a butterfly.
Masaya: This is your chance! Now!
Asuka: Yes!
Aoi: What?!
Asuka instantly Airkick Turns to reverse her course.
And thanks to that, she manages to touch Aoi-san's wide open back.
Aoi: Ugh, not bad...!
Wow, even Aoi-san's praising her... Nice.
They're even at 1:1.
Misaki: Sweet!
Mashiro: Amazing!
Shindou: No, that's not good enough. She needs to score another point before it's too late.
Shindou-san's right.
We're even now, so we need another point to win. However, Aoi-san's going to be a lot more careful from this point on.
That's why we need to score again right away. Otherwise, we're in trouble.
Masaya: Go for another one, Asuka!
Asuka: Gladly!
There's a gap between them because of the repulsion from when she touched Aoi-san.
And Aoi-san uses that to escape upward in an attempt to claim the high ground.
Masaya: (Her back's wide open again...)
This is it!
Aoi: Masaya.
Masaya: Yeah... Huh, what, Ms. Kagami?
Why's she talking to me right now?
Aoi: How many times did I tell you that an obvious chance is most likely a trap?
Her words make my hair stand on end.
Masaya: This is bad, Asuka! Stop and reverse!
Asuka: Huh?!
Dammit, my warning's too late...
Aoi: Got you, Kurashina!
Aoi-san spins around on the spot.
Asuka: Eeek!
That gets her out of harm's way... and allows her to reach Asuka's back.
Great, now it's 1:2 in Aoi-san's favor.
Misaki: Ugh, seriously?! Why'd that happen right after she scored a point?
Madoka: Wh-What did Ms. Kagami just do...?
Mashiro: Um, yeah, good question...
Everyone's confused by what just happened.
Makes sense. Aoi-san was <i>really</i> fast, so it was hard to even notice.
Aoi: What's wrong, Masaya? Why'd you fall for such a simple feint?
Yeah, I messed up. If I'd guessed what she was gonna do, Asuka could've avoided her attack.
But honestly, how was I supposed to know she was gonna pull that out in a practice match?
It seems like she's taking this really, <i>really</i> seriously. This'll be tough.
Masaya: Are you really gonna go all out?
Aoi: Of course. I'm sure Kurashina wouldn't want it any other way.
Masaya: ...Fine. Guess I'll get serious, too.
Aoi: Glad to hear it. Make sure you focus, Kurashina.
Asuka: Y-Yes! I'll return the favor soon enough!
Aoi: That's the spirit... Yeah, this is the only way to practice for a <i>real</i> match.
Aoi: I'll warn you, though, I'm no pushover!
Aoi-san spreads her arms wide as she says that.
Masaya: I haven't felt this way in ages...
Aoi Kagami was once a professional Skywalker who was known throughout Japan.
And here she is again, right before my eyes, just as strong and skilled as ever.
Masaya: I wanna beat her...
Those are my honest feelings.
However, that's not where our road ends.
Asuka and I will beat her and travel beyond the sights she's seen.
Misaki: Haaah... Man, even watching this match is exhausting.
Madoka: Yeah, I can't really follow what's going on.
Mashiro: She was already <i>really</i> good, so I don't see how they can compete now that she's gotten serious...
Rika: Wh-What do you think, Shindou-senpai...?
Shindou: Fantastic...
Rika: Huh?
Shindou: She really is a god.
Rika: A god?
Shindou: Kunahama has birthed two legends in the FC world: Aoi Kagami and Hayato Shirase. I was convinced I'd never see them play the sport again, yet here I am now, able to witness one of those gods play only months before I graduate...
Shindou: ...I was thinking of quitting, but I may have to rethink that option.
Rika: Huh? What do you mean?!
Shindou: Exactly what I said. I wanted to quit FC.
Rika: Wh-What...?! B-But why?!
Shindou: I once reached the very top of amateur FC, but on the inside, I was a mess of emotions. That's why I planned on turning down all the offers I received.
Shindou: However, I've changed my mind. Ms. Kagami is calling out to me, telling me to come up and meet her. That's why I...
Rika: You what?
Shindou: I'm going to join the international circuit.
Rika: Ah...!
Shindou: Right now, she's trying to tell them that there are things you can't see until you climb onto that stage.
The match is raging on.
Half the time has run out by now, and they've both completed a full lap around the field, which has added to the point total.
However, we haven't managed to pull ahead of her at all. Aoi-san's been in the driver's seat this whole time.
Asuka: Oh no... I-I need to somehow get to the buoy ahead of her!
They're sitting at 3:4.
Aoi-san beat Asuka to the punch on the second line, which got her the fourth point, so our only choice is to go for second.
Aoi: Haha! Come on, you're nowhere near as fast as me, Kurashina!
Aoi-san chases after her, shooting straight toward second.
Asuka: That's not true!
Asuka refuses to lose as she takes the shortest possible route to the buoy, but even so, the gap between them is closing.
Aoi: You sure about that?
Asuka: Ugh...
Asuka's clearly frustrated.
Misaki: She's making Asuka rely on speed, which is her weak point... Man, Ms. Kagami's a <i>total</i> sadist.
Rika: Forcing your opponents into situations where you have the advantage is a standard tactic.
Misaki: Yeah... Well, I bet Masaya's got some kinda plan brewing...
Mashiro: But they aren't doing anything special...
Shindou: I'm sure they'll try something once they get near second.
Aoi-san's flying on the same horizontal plane as the buoy.
Asuka, on the other hand, is flying a slightly wavy line, so she's definitely at a disadvantage.
Masaya: Asuka, can you move upward?
Asuka: Y-Yes! But if I do, she'll <i>definitely</i> catch up!
Masaya: That's fine. Fly up slowly so she doesn't notice.
Asuka: Understood...!
Asuka adjusts her trajectory slightly like I instructed.
The vertical distance between them is gradually increasing...
Aoi: What's wrong? Have you given up and decided to go for my back?
Aoi-san starts taunting us as she continues on her way toward second.
And before long, she passes Asuka and takes the lead.
Misaki: Damn it, she passed Asuka!
Mashiro: God, what is he thinking? Why'd he make her move up when they aren't in a dogfight...
Shindou: ...I understand.
Rika: Have you figured out Hinata-san's plan, Shindou-senpai?
Shindou: Probably. He...
Shindou-san knows, huh?
Aoi: ...Oh.
Aoi-san sounds impressed. Guess she's figured it out as well.
Asuka: Here I go!
Asuka rushes down toward the buoy from above.
Aoi: I see. You realized she had no chance of beating me in a straight race to the buoy, so you decided to rely on gravity.
Aoi: Using a Low Yo-Yo variant would bring us to the same plane, and her speed would even end up exceeding mine.
Aoi: You made the right call, Masaya.
And that's 4:4. We've finally caught up again.
Misaki: Aight!
Mashiro: Nice!
Madoka: Now they're even again!
Shindou: ......
Shindou: ...Strange.
Rika: What's wrong?
Shindou: Well, based on what Ms. Kagami just said, their actions were well within her expectations.
Misaki: Hm, yeah, you've got a point.
Madoka: Right, there's nothing all that unique about their plan.
Shindou: There's no doubt that Ms. Kagami's taking this match seriously.
Shindou: However, every once in a while, it seems like she's sending a message.
Mashiro: A message...?
Shindou: Yes. They're probably meant for Hinata-kun.
Something strange has been happening for a while now.
We've been engaging in a serious battle with Aoi-san this whole time.
I can't even afford to lose focus for a moment, so I'm in a constant state of high-alert, which should be wearing me out.
And yet...
Masaya: (Why does this...)
Masaya: (Why does this feel so nostalgic...?)
Somehow, this whole thing seems awfully familiar.
Masaya: (I'm sure this isn't just my imagination. Think, Masaya...)
She started the match with a speed race.
Then, she pulled out a feint in a dogfight.
And after that, she combined quick horizontal movements with clever flight path selection and the force of gravity to advance toward the next buoy.
Masaya: Ah...
My jaw drops.
Masaya: Ms. Kagami, don't tell me...
It can't be...
Aoi: I'm glad you finally noticed, Masaya.
Aoi-san's voice sounds pretty damn gentle as she says that.
Masaya: I'm just sorry it took this long.
Aoi: Geez... Back in the day, I'd have punished you for that.
Asuka: Um, what are you two talking about...?
Asuka's confused by our exchange.
Masaya: She's been replicating them the whole time.
Asuka: Replicating what, exactly?
Masaya: The things she and I practiced together.
Asuka: Huh...?
That's right. She's just been pulling off things we used to go over this whole time.
In order to teach me how to fly fast, she corrected my form endlessly.
In order to teach how to come out on top in a dogfight, she taught me how to slip out of an opponent's reach.
She also taught me how to detect and counter feints, then get away.
And finally, she taught me how to reach a buoy with the help of gravity...
I've gone through all of this in the past.
I've witnessed all these techniques that the champion, Aoi Kagami, has mastered many times.
After all, she once taught me each and every one of them.
Masaya: She's been training us this whole time...
Asuka: I... see...
Aoi: But I'm putting an end to that right now...
Aoi-san's voice sounds somewhat sad as she says that.
Aoi: Masaya, do you remember that move I showed you just once...?
Masaya: What do you...?
Before I finish my question, I realize what she means.
Masaya: Wait, you're not gonna use it on Asuka, are you?!
Aoi: The match is about to end, so don't you think it's a good way to cap things off?
Uh, no, that's actually probably a bit too much for Asuka to handle...
But I guess in your eyes, that's a necessary step that'll help her grow.
Asuka: Wh-What are you talking about, Masaya-san?!
Masaya: Watch her carefully.
Aoi: Eat this!
Aoi-san disappears after she yells that.
Asuka: Huh?! Wh-Where'd she go?!
Masaya: Around you, Asuka.
Asuka: Around...? Wh-What?!
Asuka moves her head left and right in attempt to find her.
However, Aoi's circling Asuka at a constant high speed, which makes it hard to follow her.
The bright contrails engulf Asuka, coloring her surroundings, and quickly take the form of a perfect circle that's reminiscent of a halo.
Masaya: Angelic Halo... That's what they named the move at the World Championship.
It's a special move that cuts off any hope of escape.
Its beauty belies its danger, which is why it earned that almost ironic name.
Misaki: Guys, I'm <i>totally</i> lost...
Mashiro: Um, Ms. Kagami's flying around that white shine, right...?
Madoka: I guess so, yeah.
Shindou: Amazing. I didn't expect to see this move...
Rika: Have you seen it before?
Shindou: Of course not. Honestly, it's little more than a legend at this point.
Shindou: All I know is that it's a move Aoi Kagami used at the World Championship before locking it away.
Misaki: Huh, she stopped using it?
Mashiro: Why?
Shindou: I suppose because it's taboo.
Shindou: The Angelic Halo consumes a huge amount of stamina, so it can only be used at the end of a match.
Shindou: However, since you're robbing your opponent of all movement, it was rather controversial.
Misaki: Isn't it kinda like Inui-san's Bird Cage?
Shindou: It's not as good at controlling your opponent, but it can also create a similar no-win scenario.
Shindou: Do you remember what you did to Ichinose-kun during the summer tournament?
Misaki: Yeah.
Rika: I remember.
Shindou: In that match, you circled around Ichinose-kun to keep her from moving until time ran out.
Misaki: Mhm.
Shindou: Well, the Angelic Halo is the exact same thing, but on a much higher level.
Rika: ...So you mean it forces your opponent into a situation where they can't attack?
Shindou: Exactly. If Kurashina-kun tries to escape, Ms. Kagami, who is moving at an incredibly high speed, will <i>definitely</i> catch her.
Mashiro: You're saying it's impossible...?
Shindou: If she doesn't nail the timing, Ms. Kagami will land more than one hit.
Rika: But the shoes she's using are an old model from the Hien series, right?
Shindou: Kouens, yes. They may be an old model, but they used to be high-end back in the day. Even now, there are many players who love them.
Rika: If I remember correctly, Hien are All-Rounders, though...
Misaki: Huh? That makes no sense! I mean, moving that fast without Fighter shoes... Actually, <i>even with</i> Fighter shoes, that's insane!
Shindou: She's relying on the same principle as the Airkick Turn and the Cobra.
Mashiro: How?
Shindou: I'm sure you know how the Airkick Turn works. You curl your body, bringing your arms and legs inward, to bypass the membrane shifting time. This allows you to pull off a quick, high-speed turn.
Shindou: The Angelic Halo uses the same principle of instantaneously shifting the membrane in the direction of motion. You line your arms parallel to your body, then touch yourself repeatedly at just the right moments.
Shindou: That makes rapid acceleration possible.
Misaki: I kinda get how it works now, but if it's that good, why don't more people use it?
Shindou: Can you chain 100 consecutive Airkick Turns?
Misaki: O-Of course not. That's crazy!
Shindou: Well, that's why. And on top of that, applying force toward the direction of motion is considerably more difficult than applying it in the opposite direction.
Shindou: I don't want to sound conceited, but there are very few players out there who can use the Cobra. It requires you to stop abruptly, then accelerate quickly in the direction of motion.
Rika: So you're trying to say that, while both moves are exceedingly difficult to pull off, nailing the timing for the Cobra's membrane shift is still a lot easier than the Angelic Halo's?
Shindou: Yes.
Shindou: You have to isolate the accelerative parts of the membrane to perform the consecutive momentum boosts, and that's no easy task. Even I can only manage two seconds.
Misaki: Wow, someone like you can only do two seconds...
Shindou: Two seconds is far too short for that move to be effective, so I can't use it.
Shindou: Keeping it up for close to two minutes like Ms. Kagami is impossible for any normal person...
Shindou: That being said... the move has one fatal flaw.
Mashiro: So if they take advantage of that, then--?
Shindou: Well, the thing is, it's not a flaw you can necessarily "take advantage" of. See, when you accelerate in that way, the membrane goes off balance, meaning you can't fly straight forward.
Misaki: I see...
Shindou: Continuously shifting the membrane around while moving at high speeds naturally forces you into a ring trajectory.
Shindou: Normally, such a technique would be useless, since you can't use it to move forward... However, what makes Ms. Kagami so amazing is that she managed to find a unique use for it.
Masaya: She's challenging us to break through that, huh?
She only ever showed me it as a cautionary tale, to warn me off from trying anything like it.
The fact that she's actually using it now means she <i>really</i> wants to win.
Question is, how are we supposed to beat an invincible move?
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Asuka sounds worried.
Asuka: This is just like Inui-san's Bird Cage. There are no openings...
Asuka: She'll <i>definitely</i> get me no matter where I go!
If Asuka carelessly tries to break through, Aoi-san'll score. And if she tries to fly up, Aoi-san will just use her high speed to touch her back.
There's no escape route.
However, if we do nothing, she'll just wait until the last second, then rush toward second to win.
I know that's her plan.
Masaya: Think, Masaya. There has to be an answer...
Turn to the sky, and don't avert your eyes...
I try to recall what Aoi-san said when she showed it to me.
Remember. I have to remember...
Aoi: Listen, Masaya, this move is "taboo."
Masaya: Why...?
Aoi: Because the person using it will feel guilty. They'll feel like they're doing something unfair to pull out a win.
Aoi: And that's your opening. Set your sights on your opponent and strike. Charge straight ahead.
Masaya: That's my opening...
Aoi: That's right. Shady tactics have no place in the world of FC, so a person who uses the Angelic Halo will never reach the top. You just need to believe in that and win.
Masaya: ...Gotcha!
Masaya: Right. I remember now.
She actually did teach me how to beat this move.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes!
Masaya: Fly straight ahead as soon as I give you the signal. Don't hesitate, okay?
Asuka: Don't... hesitate?
Masaya: That's right. If you have any second thoughts, you won't make it out of the ring.
Masaya: I'll tell you when to go for her back, so just believe in me and shoot straight ahead.
Asuka: I see... That means I have nothing to worry about.
Asuka: My faith in you has been my strongest weapon this whole time!
Masaya: Yeah... I feel the exact same way about you.
Asuka: I know...!
I strain my eyes in order to carefully watch Aoi-san's movements.
At a glance, there don't seem to be any gaps Asuka can slip through.
However, there's always a chance as long as a Skywalker and their second trust each other to make the right call.
The true enemy here is fear.
Masaya: There's no way... I'll mess this up!
I work out the optimal time by measuring her speed.
Shion: There's one minute left!
We've got no time. This is our last chance to win this match.
I'll tell Asuka to go when Aoi-san's on her seven.
That should work!
Masaya: Three, two, one...
Masaya: Now!
Asuka: Understood!
The moment I give her that signal, Asuka's body catapults forward.
A flash of red light is now visible within the ring.
Shindou: She's moving!
Rika: Please make it!
The two lights clash as everyone looks on in anticipation.
And...
The ring gets torn apart. Our trust triumphs.
Shion: The match is over! Asuka Kurashina wins with a score of 5:4!
Misaki: She did it! Asuka won!
Mashiro: Amazing...!
Madoka: I can't believe she managed to get out of that ring...! You're <i>so</i> cool, Asuka-chan!
Cheers erupt from all around us, but...
Asuka: ......
Asuka: H-Huh...? I won?
...Asuka still can't process what just happened. She's just floating there with a confused look on her face.
Masaya: Just land first, Asuka.
Asuka: O-Oh, okay...!
Asuka listens to me and flies down.
And when she does, she spots Aoi-san, who's been waiting for her on the ground this whole time.
Aoi: Kurashina.
Asuka: Y-Yes, Ms. Kagami?
Aoi: You won. Congrats.
Aoi-san walks up to Asuka and gives her a pat on her shoulders.
Asuka: Wait, so I actually broke through that ring?!
Masaya: That's right, Asuka. You did it.
Asuka: No, you're wrong, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Huh?
Asuka: <i>We</i> did it.
Masaya: ...Yeah, we did.
Aoi: Exactly. Remember, the trust between a Skywalker and their second is the ultimate weapon. As long as you have that, you can defeat Saki Inui.
Asuka: Ms. Kagami...
Aoi: Congrats. You've cleared the first stage with that, Kurashina.
Asuka: Y-Yes, thank you...! Eek!
Misaki: Asukaaa! You totally killed it!
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai, that was crazy! You actually beat Ms. Kagami!
Madoka: I'm so happy for you! All your hard work's paid off!
Madoka's right.
It seems like everything's gonna be okay at this point.
Shindou: ...You've cleared your first major hurdle, Hinata-kun.
Rika: That was a fantastic match!
Masaya: Thanks. Seems like we managed to pull out a win somehow.
Shindou: Don't be so humble. You were amazing. In fact, I want to thank you for that display.
Masaya: Shindou-san...
Shindou: You've earned the right to be confident. Saki Inui is a tough opponent, but I'm certain you two are more than up to that challenge.
Masaya: Thank you.
Rika: Make sure you give Asuka-san all the praise she deserves.
Masaya: Sure thing.
But before that...
There is someone I have to meet.
Masaya: Ms. Kagami.
Aoi-san's standing on the beach in her usual confident pose, gazing out at the sea.
And when she hears me call out to her, she turns toward me and smiles.
Aoi: Masaya.
She says my name all the time.
However, I haven't felt this emotional about it since back when I was still a kid.
Masaya: Thanks for the match, Ms. Kagami.
Aoi: I'm just glad you remember my lessons.
Masaya: Yeah, though I did get some things wrong at the start. Sorry about that.
Aoi: It's fine. Just think of it as an experience that'll make you stronger. Use it to help you come out on top at the fall tournament, okay?
Masaya: I promise I will.
And I'm <i>definitely</i> gonna keep my word.
Aoi: I really need to thank you.
Masaya: What? No, I need to thank you.
Aoi-san shakes her head as she hears my reply.
Aoi: No, Masaya, you're wrong. You've freed me from the worry that's been haunting me for years.
Masaya: What worry?
Aoi: I'll tell you eventually. It's a <i>really</i> long story.
Aoi: Anyway, you did a great job. You're an amazing coach, Masaya.
Masaya: Thanks... But we won't know if that's true until after the fall tournament.
Aoi: True. You still have to get over the main hurdle in three days. However, that last practice match is a good sign.
Masaya: Right. I know Asuka's gonna win. We'll break through that Bird Cage just like how we broke through your Angelic Halo.
Aoi: ......
Aoi: ...Yeah, a style like that shouldn't exist. I really want you to succeed to keep people from suffering through the same things I once did.
Masaya: Ms. Kagami...?
Aoi: Well, congrats. Now, go celebrate with your partner. That's another thing every second needs to do.
Masaya: O-Of course!
Aoi: ...Masaya.
Aoi: ...Thanks.
Like that, a very eventful day passed by.
The next day, we went over our strategies one last time.
And now, it's the final day before the tournament.
Masaya: Ugh...
Light shines in through the window and hits my face, forcing me to open my eyes.
Masaya: Damn, it's still only eight...
I rise up to check the time, then slump back into bed.
I've been under a lot of stress lately, so I'm beat. A little more sleep can't hurt...
Masaya: I'll just catch a few more Zs... Good night.
...
......
.........
Masaya: Man, who the hell is that...?
Masaya: Huh?!
The name on the caller ID makes me snap awake.
Masaya: H-Hello?
Asuka: Oh, sorry, were you asleep...?
Masaya: N-No, of course not. I got up a while back.
Masaya: Why are you here when there's no practice scheduled?
Asuka: Oh, well, since today's a day off, um...
Asuka: ...I wanted to see you. I'm sorry if I interrupted anything...
Masaya: ......
Asuka: Um, Masaya-kun, is something wrong?
Masaya: No, uh, it's just...
Asuka: Just what...?
Masaya: I'm having a hard time thinking of what to say, since you're making my heart race...
Masaya: S-Sorry. I kept you waiting, huh?
Asuka: N-No, not at all!
But it's been 30 minutes...
Masaya: So, what are we gonna do?
Asuka: Nothing special. It shouldn't take long.
Masaya: Huh? Really?
Asuka: I just want to talk...
Asuka: I figure taking up more of your time is a bad idea, since we have the tournament tomorrow and all...
Honestly, I'm not sure what to do. I mean, as her coach, I should probably be telling her to rest.
I'm sure everyone else would agree, and even Asuka would understand.
But I'm not just her coach...
Masaya: U-Um, listen...
Asuka: Yes!
My girlfriend's saying she wants to spend more time with me, so...
...I can't just let her talk a little and head back home.
Masaya: Why don't we go somewhere?
Asuka: Huh...? A-Are you sure that's okay?
Masaya: Yeah. We've got no practice scheduled or anything, so nothing's stopping us. Plus...
Asuka: Hm?
Masaya: ...I haven't really taken you out on a date or anything yet.
Asuka: Ah...
Masaya: S-So, yeah...
Here we are, staring into each other's eyes first thing on a Saturday morning.
Our faces look like tomatoes, and honestly, we'd probably have heart attacks if anyone saw us like this.
Asuka: I can't even remember the last time I rode a bus.
Masaya: Yeah. Don't really have much use for them when we have Grav Shoes.
We used the bus to head into town.
That only happened because I figured it was best to not use Grav Shoes the day before the tournament.
People our age only ride the bus on rainy days, so this is pretty weird.
Masaya: Didn't know the buses only ran in the mornings and evenings.
Asuka: That makes sense. I mean, you just said people don't really use them around here, right?
Yeah. Case in point, the only other passengers were some older people and a mother with her child.
We stuck out like sore thumbs.
Masaya: That means we have until they start running again in the evening. Let's have a good time!
Asuka: Sounds good! So, where are we going?
Masaya: ......
Asuka: ......
Masaya: ...C-Can you give me a moment?
Asuka: Uh, why?
I turn my back to Asuka to keep her from noticing the look of panic on my face.
Masaya: (I haven't thought of anything...!)
I don't usually hang out with friends, and whenever I want to go shopping, I just head to Iron Mall. Damn, my loner lifestyle's backfiring right now.
Where do people even go on dates?
There's gotta be something... Anything...
Masaya: U-Um, yeah...
I turn back to Asuka.
Masaya: You wanted to get a parfait at that cafe we went to before, right? Why not start there?
Phew... I managed to think up a pretty great idea.
Asuka: Wow, I get to try that parfait again...! N-No, we can't!
Asuka's eyes light up for a moment, but she quickly shakes her head and rejects my suggestion.
Asuka: I love the idea, but, um, I think we should save that for after the tournament.
Masaya: G-Good point...
She's right.
There's no point rewarding yourself before you go to face a challenge.
Well, maybe it'd make sense if it was some kickoff party or something, but still...
Asuka: I'm really, <i>really</i> sorry about turning down your invitation... Uh...
Masaya: D-Don't be. It's my fault for not thinking things through!
I should've known.
Hm... But where does that leave us?
Heading to Fukuru Island on the ferry... will take too long. Strolling around the island... is basically the same as hiking, so it'll wear us out.
Masaya: (H-Holy shit, there's nothing to do on this island!)
We <i>could</i> always hit up Mashiro Udon, but I feel like that'd be pretty dangerous...
Mashiro: Welcome... Oh, it's you.
Mashiro: Masaya-senpai... Don't tell me you gave us the day off so you could fool around with Asuka-senpai...
Mashiro: Oh, don't get me wrong, that's fine by me. Say, why not order our couple's bowl? It only comes with one pair of chopsticks...
Mashiro: Hehehe...
Masaya: Yeah, that's out of the question!
Asuka: What...?
It's not worth the risk.
Unfortunately, that means I'm out of options.
Think Masaya... There has to be something!
Asuka: Almost... Almost...!
Asuka: Yay! I did it, Masaya-kun!
Masaya: N-Nice, Asuka!
Asuka: There's one more I want, so I'll try to get it as well!
Asuka turns to face the crane game again.
She's pretty excited about all this, but honestly, I feel depressed.
Masaya: Can't believe I couldn't think of anywhere else...
Asking Asuka out on a date was a stroke of genius, but everything else has been the work of an idiot.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with the idea of not using Grav Shoes for a day, but I should've planned stuff out better before suggesting that.
In the end, the only place close to us is this arcade, and we've already been here before...
Masaya: Man, I need to step up my non-FC knowledge...
Maybe one of Ms. Madoka's patented lessons will help.
Asuka: Yaaay! I managed to get another one!
Masaya: O-Oh, sweet!
The only saving grace is that Asuka's enjoying herself.
Asuka: We're finally here.
Masaya: Yeah. Gotta say, it feels completely different when you walk up to it on a sunny day.
Asuka: I only walk to school on rainy days, so this is a nice change of pace.
Masaya: Grav Shoes have changed our lives a bunch, so there's a lot we take for granted.
We strolled around aimlessly for a while after leaving the arcade.
Eventually, we spotted the school, at which point Asuka suggested that we drop by.
It seems Asuka's not used to this sight because she's been using Grav Shoes every day since she first moved here.
However, I had a period of time where I avoided flying, so this isn't my first time walking to school on a sunny day.
Asuka: It's also kind of nice to be at school this late in our casual clothes.
Masaya: True. We're usually practicing in our flight suits around this time.
We're the only members of our club that are around right now.
It's kinda nice to be here all alone...
Asuka: Come to think of it...
Asuka looks to the right of the old school building.
Asuka: Have you ever been in there?
Masaya: Oh, that place...
She's talking about a small, old chapel that's next to the old school building. It's been around since the school was first built.
Kunahama Academy used to be a mission school, but things are different now, so no one ever uses it.
Masaya: Only once.
Asuka: I see...
Masaya: I went inside and prayed. After that, I never set foot in there again.
I doubt God even lent an ear to someone as impious as me.
Asuka: Hm...
Asuka keeps staring at the building for a while.
Asuka: Some people pray for victory before tournaments, right?
Masaya: Oh, I guess...
Asuka: I kind of regret not visiting it now. It's Saturday, so I missed my chance. What a shame...
A prayer for victory, huh? I wonder if that actually helps...
Either way, people usually do that at shrines, so her logic's kinda flawed.
Asuka: If only I visited yesterday...
Asuka: You can only enter when the school's open, right?
Masaya: Oh, uh, there's actually a way around that.
Asuka: ...Huh?
Aoi: Well, I'm surprised Masaya's at school the day before the tournament.
Aoi: Strange thing to do on a day off... Well, guess it doesn't matter, since it seems like Kurashina's having fun.
Aoi: Oh... I didn't expect another guest.
Irina: It's been a while, Ms. Kagami.
Aoi: Well, look who we have here. I heard you had an interesting chat with Masaya the other day.
Irina: There's something I wish to discuss with you.
Aoi: Sorry, I've got no words to spare. I'm not about to consort with the enemy the day before the tournament.
Irina: ...I've heard whispers that you used the Angelic Halo.
Aoi: ......
Aoi: ...Wow, did you send a spy over to our school?
Irina: That doesn't matter. I'm only here to confirm that you've gotten serious enough to use that move.
Aoi: ...Why?
Irina: I saw you use the Angelic Halo in the third round of the World Championship. Since then, it's been the only move that I've wanted to recreate.
Irina: In a way, it served as the inspiration for the Bird Cage, so I'm excited at the prospect of its inventor unsealing it after all these years.
Aoi: ...I've got nothing to be proud of. It's a move that made my opponent quit FC, so I only showed it to them to make them realize how big of a taboo it is.
Irina: I'm not sure you have the luxury to do that.
Aoi: ...Oh?
Irina: There's something I want to show you.
Irina: Please follow me. This should keep you from fainting in fear tomorrow.
Aoi: ...You better make this worth my while, then.
Irina: I promise not to disappoint...
Asuka: I hope no one's around...
Masaya: I'm sure we're alone. Don't worry.
I unlock the backdoor. Then, we walk right through it.
It's summer and there's no air conditioning in here, but the place isn't stuffy at all.
Asuka: I didn't know there was a spare key for the back entrance in a place like that...
Masaya: I only found it by chance, so I didn't either.
It just caught my eye one time when I was passing by the chapel.
Gotta make sure to put it back in the switchboard by the door when we leave...
Masaya: Now, let's go take care of that prayer!
Asuka: O-Okay!
We position ourselves in front of the stained glass.
There's a huge crucifix hanging up there, looming down on us.
Asuka: Um, you're supposed fold your hands while you pray, right?
Masaya: Yeah, I think so...
Asuka: O-Okay, let's try.
We try to fold our hands the proper way, then close our eyes.
Masaya: ...Please help us win.
Asuka: Please help us show... the fruits of our hard work tomorrow!
Masaya: You aren't gonna pray for victory?
Asuka: Hm, I feel like that won't work. Like, it's almost too much to ask for.
Masaya: Really? I kinda feel it's better to think big when you're making a wish...
Asuka: Hm... Are you sure?
Masaya: Yeah. Just trust me. Ask to get first place.
Asuka: O-Okay, then I'll go with that...
Asuka closes her eyes and prays silently.
Asuka: I'm all done here.
Masaya: Same.
Asuka: Phew... Now we just have to win tomorrow...
Masaya: Right...
With that, our training finally comes to an end. It's time to strut our stuff.
No one knows how things will turn out tomorrow... Well, except maybe god.
Masaya: ...Let's get going.
Asuka: Okay!
By the time we left, the sun was starting to set.
We slowly made our way down the slope in front of the school and went to the nearby bus stop. Once we got there, the sky was already a light orange.
And right now, Asuka's face is being bathed in that warm hue.
Asuka: Zzz... Zzz... Zzz...
Masaya: Asuka...
Asuka's sleeping peacefully as she clutches my arm.
I comb through her soft hair with my hand, then gently stroke her head.
Asuka: Oh... Masaya-kun...
Can't believe she's saying my name in her sleep...
Asuka: Hm... Zzz... Zzz...
Well, guess that was a one-off.
Masaya: Man, she's really, <i>really</i> cute.
I know I must sound like a broken record by this point.
And yet, I can't stop.
Asuka's an energetic Skywalker who never gives up, no matter how strong the opponent.
But right now, she looks so delicate and cute that no one would even guess.
Masaya: Seriously, how is she so...
I gently stroke her cheek.
She seems so fragile that I'm worried about hurting her.
And yet, I can't think of a stronger, more reliable partner when it comes to FC.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...Damn, I have a pretty dirty mind.
We're alone on this bus, so her defenseless face is stirring up certain... fantasies.
I need to make do with just stroking her face, or things'll get <i>real</i> bad.
Asuka: Zzz... Huh...?
Masaya: Ah...!
Crap, I got startled.
I didn't expect Asuka to wake up, so I hurriedly pulled my hand away.
Asuka: Oh, was I sleeping...?
Masaya: Yep.
Asuka: Oh... Uhhh...
Asuka looks kinda sad, but also frustrated, for some reason.
Asuka: I can't believe I'm wasting our time together...
Masaya: Hm, I wouldn't say it was a waste. I enjoyed it just fine.
Asuka: Huh?
Masaya: I got to watch your cute face as you slept!
Asuka: ...Uh, what?!
Asuka leans into my chest and rubs her head against it.
It's a habit of hers that kicks in when she gets really upset or embarrassed around me.
Asuka: I hate you. I <i>totally</i> hate you!
Masaya: Seriously?
Asuka: ......
Asuka: Of course not. Come on, you knew that...
Masaya: Haha, that's a relief. Lucky me.
Asuka: Haaah... Geez... I love you so much that it feels like I'm about to go crazy.
Masaya: Honestly, I wouldn't mind seeing that.
Asuka: You sure about that? It'll get <i>really</i> bad... Though, to be fair, it already <i>is</i> bad... Still, it'll get worse!
Masaya: Sure. Go right ahead.
Asuka: H-Hm... Okay, just for bit, then.
Asuka looks around to make sure there are no other passengers before proceeding.
Asuka: God... Masaya-kun... Ahhh...
Masaya: Uhhh...
Asuka's rubbing her body up against me rather vigorously.
And while she does that, her hand is stroking my arm.
Plus, she's trying to entwine her legs with mine...
Asuka: Masaya-kun... I want you to come a lot closer...
She beckons me in a sweet, seductive voice.
Masaya: (Shit, this is bad. I've gotta keep calm...)
Asuka: Your arm... is <i>sooo</i> big... You must work out a lot.
Damn, this is <i>really</i> effective.
And her body's glued to me, so I can feel her chest directly as well. How am I supposed to control myself?
Asuka: Your chest is... so broad... I want to keep doing this forever...
She's rubbing her cheek against my chest as those words leave her mouth.
Asuka: I love you... I love you so much...
Masaya: H-Hahaha...
The logical half of my brain's starting to melt like ice cream under the summer sun.
Meanwhile, desire is starting to rule my more emotional half.
Asuka: ...It goes something like that!
Asuka suddenly stops and reverts to her old position.
Asuka: I enter that dangerous state when I'm home alone...
Asuka: Haaah... I really am hopeless.
She saved me just in the nick of time.
One more second, and I would've done something crazy out here in public.
Masaya: I see... I didn't know you had that side.
Asuka: ...I won't show you it ever again!
Masaya: Really? I'd kinda like to see it soon...
Asuka: N-Not a chance! I'll get mad if you try to force it out of me!
Masaya: What's the big deal? Honestly, I can already picture you hugging your flying fish plushie in a trance at home.
Asuka: ...Huh?
Masaya: That was a joke... Wait, don't tell me you actually do that?!
Asuka: I-I hate you...! Oh, but I also love you!
Masaya: Hahaha...
Asuka: Geez!
The bus rocks as we approach our destination.
Masaya: Oh, this next stop is ours.
I press the stop button, which makes the lights in the bus come to life.
Red light washes over the once dimly lit bus.
Asuka: Going out to town on the bus was nice.
Masaya: Yeah...
I was worried at the start, but...
Well, going places on foot turned out to be a good choice. We had tons of fun.
And hey, a day without flying might just get us more excited to fly tomorrow.
I'm sure Asuka feels that way, at least.
I can't wait to see Asuka spread out her wings and soar higher than anyone else with renewed vigor.
I'm sure it'll be a beautiful sight.
Masaya: Almost there. Let's get up now.
The bus takes a sharp right turn.
I can see our stop already.
Asuka: Okay, but I need one last thing.
Huh? What does she want?
Masaya: Um, okay, but...
Asuka: Mmmph...
Asuka plants a kiss on my cheek.
Masaya: Ah...
Then, she aims a soft smile at me.
Asuka: Ah...!
Masaya: Wh-What's wrong?
Asuka: W-Well, you know what we did earlier...
Asuka: I just started thinking about it, so my body's all hot...
Masaya: Oh... Seriously?
I swear, I'm gonna have a heart attack one of these days if she doesn't learn to control herself...
Aoi: ......
Aoi: This is...!
Irina: So, what do you say? Did you enjoy my little show?
Aoi: Hmph... You could say that.
Aoi: In fact, it's making my head spin...
Irina: I'm <i>very</i> happy to hear that! It was worth bringing you here, then.
Aoi: You're terrifying...
Irina: I'm honored to hear such praise from you... Ms. Kagami.
Irina: Now, please go tell your disciple all about this.
Irina: Tell him that the current brand of FC will come to an end tomorrow.
Aoi: Ugh...
Irina: Hahahahaha...
After I got home, I decided to hit the hay early.
I knew it'd look bad if I showed up with bags under my eyes after I told all of them to rest up, so I was trying to avoid that.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...Only problem is, I can't sleep.
I'm usually still up around this time, so that's probably part of the reason.
But honestly, it's mainly that I'm feeling <i>really</i> nervous right now.
Masaya: Guess I should try to distract myself.
I get up and pull open one of my drawers.
And after I do, I'm greeted by the sight of my old FC Grav Shoes.
I quickly pick them up and read the engraved words.
Masaya: Turn to the sky, and don't avert your eyes. The answer lies there...
Will I actually find my answer tomorrow?
Will the sky greet me?
Or rather, will I be able to greet the sky?
Masaya: God, what am I doing? Enough with the doubts.
I clutch the shoes to my chest as I say that.
I've gotta put on a strong front for Asuka's sake.
I'll guide her tomorrow.
We'll face the sky together, and soar through it tomorrow.
Masaya: Huh...?
I wonder who's calling me.
I set a unique ringtone for Asuka, so it's not her. Must be Misaki, Mashiro, or Madoka.
I pick up my phone and check the caller ID.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...Aoi-san?
Asuka: Haaah... I can't sleep.
Asuka: This is bad. I need to be up early tomorrow...
Asuka: ...Maybe I should add falling asleep to the list of wishes I just made.
Asuka: I sure hope I'm not asking Mr. Robot for too much...
Asuka: I know you can't fulfill all my wishes, but at least help me out with the tournament and Masaya-kun!
Asuka: Oh, and it'd be nice if you could help me get to sleep, too...
Asuka: I wonder where that girl lives now, and what she's doing...?
Asuka: I hope she's okay... And I hope we'll meet again.
Asuka: ......
Asuka: Hm...
Asuka: Haaah... I still can't sleep.
Asuka: Oh, right, I'll just think about Masaya-kun!
Asuka: Haaah... Yeah, this <i>really</i> helps me unwind...
Asuka: This is my Masaya-kun for tonight...
Asuka: It's a little embarrassing, but I can't stop...
Asuka: You know, Masaya-kun...
Asuka: ...I'm honestly a little worried about the tournament.
Asuka: I mean, I'm sure Inui-san has improved a lot.
Asuka: Still, I'm sure it'll be fine... I believe in you, Masaya-kun.
Asuka: I just need to do my best, and you'll take care of the rest!
Asuka: Right... I need to... do my best...
Asuka: Hm... Zzz... Zzz...
Masaya: Ms. Kagami.
Aoi: Sorry for calling you out here this late, Masaya.
Masaya: It's fine. So, what's up?
Hm, she's not responding.
And there's a frown on her face, which I haven't really seen lately. Is something wrong?
Masaya: Ms. Kagami...?
Aoi: Listen, Masaya...
Saki: 60, 59, 58...
Irina: You can take your time, Saki. This is your last attempt for the day.
Saki: Understood, Irina.
Saki: 51, 50, 49...
Irina: It's supposed to be clear out tomorrow. The perfect weather for flying, they say.
Saki: There are... lots of stars today.
Irina: Oh... You're right. It reminds me of Sark's night sky.
Saki: ...It was very pretty.
Irina: That was shortly after I met you, correct?
Saki: ...You came and talked to me.
Irina: I sure did... Hehe, you seemed to be having a lot of fun as you chased after that cat.
Saki: ......
Irina: I still remember it so vividly... At first, you wouldn't talk to me at all, but then you told me about your wish to fly with such passion in your voice...
Saki: ...Because I've always wanted to fly.
Irina: This really brings me back to all those days we spent perfecting your playstyle.
Irina: But now, the time has come. We will finally reveal ourselves to the world at large.
Saki: ...Yes.
Irina: ...You've turned into an incredible player.
Irina: You've become a Skywalker who can put the true FC I envisioned into practice.
Saki: I...
Irina: Yes...?
Saki: I'm definitely going to win tomorrow... for you...
Irina: ...Good, Saki.
Irina: It seems like we'll have to educate those fools who continue to babble about "having fun" as they fly.
Irina: ...And perhaps that will knock some sense into <i>her,</i> as well.
Saki: ...Yes, Irina.
Irina: Well then, it's about time for you to come down. We're done with practice, so now you just need to get some proper rest.
Saki: Yes...
Irina: Why not take a nice long bath to warm up your body? Oh, I suppose we'll have to properly comb your hair after...
Aoi: I want you to hear this.
Masaya: Hear what, exactly?
Aoi: ...It's about Saki Inui.
It's hard to cause instantaneous, dramatic changes in the human body. But when it happens, they range from a change in body temperature to a sudden increase in strength.
Basically, news can affect a person both negatively and positively.
I wonder what'll happen here...
Aoi: Kurashina will lose at this rate.
Masaya: What?!
She can't be serious?!
My blood runs cold, and then my heart starts pounding like crazy before my body temperature skyrockets.
What's that supposed to mean?
Explain yourself, Aoi-san!
Several large fireworks get launched into the sky.
After that, there's a more simplistic opening ceremony than the one from the summer tournament, and each school's team splits up..
With that, the fall tournament, which is also known as the rookie tournament, finally begins.
Misaki: Haaah... Today's the day, huh?
Mashiro: Oh no... I'm starting to have flashbacks of the summer tournament...
Madoka: No worries, Mashirocchi. You've gotten <i>way</i> better thanks to all the practice!
Madoka speaks the truth. Mashiro's improved across the board.
She'll probably get farther into the bracket this time.
Mashiro: In that case, my goal is to get past the first round.
Madoka: Wow, that's pretty realistic.
Misaki: Hm, then I guess I'll go with getting to the third round.
Masaya: That's also very grounded.
I'm sure they can manage that.
Mashiro: ...Though, I'll probably start crying if my first match is against Inui-san.
Misaki: Oh, same!
Masaya: Even I'd cry...
Unfortunately, with the way the bracket is handled, there's a very real chance of that happening.
Like before, it's totally random. There's no seeding to separate the major players.
Masaya: Well, if that does happen, we'll just have to figure out how to put up a good fight.
Mashiro: I-I'll at least gather some information for Asuka-senpai!
Misaki: Yeah, <i>totally.</i> Stuff like where she's ticklish or if she can handle scary stories is useful, yeah?
...You know, it's probably good that we can joke around about her.
Our chances would be slim if everyone got depressed at the first mention of her name.
Masaya: I'm sure that'd make Asuka happy, too... Actually, is she still not here?
Madoka: She said she's running late, but she should be here any minute... Oh, there she is. Heeey, over hereee!
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... I-I'm sorry for being late! Good morning everyone!
Mashiro: Good morning, Asuka-senpai!
Misaki: What happened, Asuka? You sleep in?
Asuka: Well, I hate to say it, but yes... I totally slept in.
Asuka: And of course my parents slept in today of all days, too...
Masaya: Morning, Asuka.
Asuka: Y-Yes, good morning, Masaya-san!
Asuka: Hm...
Asuka: ...Hehehe.
Masaya: C-Cool it with the grin, Asuka... Don't do that every single time you see my face...
Asuka: I-I'm sorry... I'm <i>so</i> sorry!
Madoka: ...I'd give you a big fat lecture right now if it wasn't time for the tournament.
Misaki: I feel like Asuka's falling harder by the day.
Mashiro: I'm feeling sick already.
Asuka: Sorry, I'll try to be more careful from now on... Uh...
We go to check the bracket after everyone's done calling Asuka out for her pervy behavior.
Masaya: There are less participants, huh?
Madoka: Because all the seniors have retired, yeah. Though, there are a lot more freshmen this time around, too.
Misaki: So basically, the top sophomore's expected to win it all?
Mashiro: Sure seems like it.
There are 32 matches in total. That's half as many as the summer tournament.
And thanks to that, the whole thing will finish in one day. Currently, the brackets are separated into two blocks, A and B.
Skywalkers will compete for the top spot in their group of 16, and then the two winners will face each other at the end.
Asuka: I can't wait to find out who I'm facing first...
Misaki: What if it's me?
Masaya: They avoid pairing up people from the same school in the first round.
That's the only thing that affects the otherwise random drawing.
Basically, we just have to pray that we avoid Saki Inui early.
Misaki: Y'know, there are lots of seniors around even though they've all retired.
Misaki's right. Seniors often show up to help support their school.
There's a ton of stuff they can do, like teaching the sophomores how to handle leadership or going over how to perform maintenance on Grav Shoes with the freshmen, for example.
Mashiro: Oh, by the way, where's Prez?
Masaya: He's helping Shirase-san.
Madoka: Man, those two <i>really</i> hit it off. They talk about muscles nonstop whenever they meet...
Misaki: So he's just here to chat about working out?
Madoka: Hahaha... No, he's got actual work, too. I'm pretty sure he'll join us when Asuka-chan's facing Inui-san, though.
Prez is working Shirase-san's stall today to make a little extra on the side.
Though, there's more to it than just that. He's also gonna watch the matches we can't catch and report back to me if necessary.
Masaya: Guess we're all good to go at this point...
Mashiro: Hm... Let's see... Where's my name...? Huh?!
Mashiro yelps like a beaten dog.
Misaki: What's wrong, Mashiro...? Oh, okay, I see. Coool...
I check Mashiro's first round opponent.
Masaya: You're playing against... a freshman from Takafuji, huh?
Well, that's a lot better than her opponent at the summer tournament.
Mashiro: Ugh... I wish I got an easier opponent...
Madoka: Come on, don't pout. It could've been a lot worse. Imagine if you got another sophomore again instead.
Misaki: Yeah, Mashiro. Make sure to come fight me in the next round, 'kay?
Mashiro: Huh?! Are we in the same block?
Misaki: Yep. Look right here!
Misaki points at a position on the bracket that's close to Mashiro's. It's labeled "Misaki Tobisawa."
Masaya: Oh, yeah, you guys are actually pretty close to each other.
Madoka: Mhm... Though Mashirocchi'll have to reach the third round to face Misaki.
Mashiro: Th-The third round...?
Mashiro's eyes start to glaze over.
Misaki: Don't worry, you can do it! I'm sure it'll work out if you try hard enough! Just keep winning until you catch up to me, 'kay?
Mashiro: O-Okay, I will! I'll <i>definitely</i> reach you, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki's logic makes zero sense, but she's helping Mashiro relax, so I guess it's fine...
Masaya: What about you, Asuka?
Asuka: Well, um...
I look over to where Asuka's pointing.
She's also in group A, but luckily, she's on the opposite side of Misaki and Mashiro. Unfortunately...
Masaya: Oh, okay...
...I see a familiar name close to Asuka's.
Satouin: Long have I awaited this moment!
A group of people approaches us from behind as we hear that booming voice.

Asuka: S-Satouin-san!
I turn around and spot a bunch of Takafuji students.
Satouin: It's good to see you on this fine day, ladies and gentlemen from Kunahama.
Satouin: Have you come here to assess the tournament bracket?
Masaya: Yeah, we just found out our matchups.
Satouin: Hmph... That means you must know!
She thrusts her hand up into the air after she says that. And then...
Satouin: Grant thy azure blessing to mine wings!
Masaya: There she goes again...
It's the most... <i>spirited</i> activation key I've heard in my life.
Though, she isn't even wearing her Grav Shoes right now, so I guess she's just trying to pump herself up.
Satouin: Asuka Kurashina!
Asuka: Y-Yesh!
Satouin: It would appear we are fated to meet in the second round.
Asuka: Y-Yes... If I manage to win my first match, at least.
Satouin: Hmph!
Satouin-san lifts her hand once more as she scoffs.
Satouin: I shall be waiting up there for you.
Satouin: And once we meet, I will finally avenge the humiliation you made me suffer through after our last match!
Asuka: O-Okay, wait for me!
Satouin-san gives her a satisfied nod at last.
Satouin: Good luck to the rest of you. I expect to eventually face you in a match, but...
Misaki: Oh, it's Satouin-san. Thanks for the food the other day!
Mashiro: The fish cakes were <i>really</i> good.
Satouin: Please, there's no need for you to express gratitude over such a small favor.
Satouin: Wait, no! We are enemies today! This sense of camaraderie is most--!
Madoka: Hey, where can I order more of the fish fries?
Satouin: Oh, I shall text you the URL later. You will get a discount if I refer you, so do wait.
Satouin: Wait, I'm telling you this isn't right! This relaxed atmosphere does not suit a battlefield!
Rika: Oh, it's you. Good morning.
Masaya: Oh, Ichinose. Good morning.
Asuka: Good morning, Rika-chan!
Satouin: Heeey! What are you doing, Ichinose-san?! You will soon be named vice president, so please act accordingly!
Rika: O-Oh, okay. Sorry!
Satouin: It's fine, I suppose. I must go prepare for my first match now, so do excuse me!
Satouin-san walks away, leaving only those words behind.
Rika: Let me apologize for Satouin-senpai. She's a lot more worked up than usual because she's the acting president.
Masaya: ...Figured.
Rika: She's been saying, "We must make the first move to prevent the other schools from claiming the upper hand!" as she goes around greeting everyone...
Rika: But the truth is, she lights up when other people approach us first, since she's a pretty sociable person.
Misaki: Yeah, I can <i>totally</i> see that.
Mashiro: Yeah, she's a real good person.
At any rate, that <i>definitely</i> fits my image of Satouin-san.
And hell, I can understand how becoming the president has added a ton of pressure to her plate.
I mean, I'm kinda in the same boat...
Rika: Let me just say this, if we face each other, I won't go easy on you.
Misaki: Yeah, make sure you keep winning until you reach me and Asuka!
Rika: ...Right, if I win my first two matches, I'll have to face either Asuka-san or Satouin-san...
Ichinose heaves a sigh.
Rika: Anyway, let's all give it our best!
Misaki: Sure thing!
Asuka: Yeah, let's give it our best!
Mashiro: Good luck!
After Ichinose leaves, I check the bracket once more.
Let's see...
Masaya: In block A, we have Mashiro, Misaki, and Asuka. Mashiro and Misaki are on the right, while Asuka is on the left. Mashiro and Misaki may run into each other in the third round, but neither of them can meet Asuka before the finals.
Masaya: Asuka, on the other hand, might run into Satouin-san in the second round and Ichinose in the third.
Masaya: You need four wins to come out on top of the block.
And more importantly...
Masaya: Saki Inui is in block B, huh?
None of us are starting anywhere near her.
She's definitely going to dominate her block, so we can only meet her in the grand finals.
Madoka: Well, looks like we don't have to worry about knocking each other out until the third round.
Masaya: Yeah. Though, if we had at least one person in block B, we could've used that chance to study Inui...
Madoka: No point crying over spilled milk. Besides, considering what she pulled at the nationals, she probably won't even show her true colors before the grand finals.
Masaya: Good point...
Madoka: ...If only we had some way to figure out what those "strange movements" Ms. Kagami saw were.
Masaya: Yeah...
I relayed Aoi-san's message to Madoka.
Asuka: Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Yeah! Is that right?
Misaki: Sure is. You say "let's go" three times, then finish with a "yeah."
Mashiro: Why don't we try punching the air at the end?
Right now, they're practicing how to cheer each other on.
I can't possibly kill this positive atmosphere by bringing that up.
Masaya: Strange movements, huh?
Masaya: Strange movements...?
Aoi: I witnessed some bizarre movements that I can't explain. I don't even think they're possible with normal Grav Shoes or membrane tuning.
Masaya: Why does that mean Asuka can't win?
Aoi: ...It's hard to face the unknown.
Aoi: And to make matters worse, your opponent is the insanely strong Saki Inui... If she pulls those off mid-match, you're in for a world of hurt.
Masaya: How do I counter them?
Aoi: I've got no clue... Well, that's not entirely accurate, but the only idea I have is out of the question.
Masaya: And that's what, exactly?
Aoi: ...I'm sorry, I can't tell you. I know I brought it up, but I'd be abandoning my responsibility as your teacher if I put the idea in your head.
Aoi: Just be careful. There's nothing you can do if she chooses to use them against you.
Masaya: What could they be?
There's a limit to my imagination.
Picturing something I've never seen before is exhausting, and there's not even much to be gained from the exercise.
Madoka: Well, let's just focus on the matches in front of us for now. We'll think about how to counter Saki Inui after we win block A.
Masaya: ...Yeah, you're right. Let's do it.
Madoka: Roger! Let's start our first round meeting, then!
Madoka: Hey, giiirls! It's time to talk strategy!
I stand there, gazing up at the sky, as Madoka goes to get the girls.
It's perfectly clear, without a single cloud in sight...
Masaya: The answer lies there...
Sure doesn't seem like it...
Still, I can't give up.
At this point, we just have to go out there and show everyone what we can do.
Referee: Masked Skywalker from Kamidorisha Academy has won the match 2:0!
Both blocks proceed at the exact same time.
And from what I've seen and heard, there have been no real upsets so far.
We're currently enjoying a break after the second round. It's there to let people plan for their upcoming matches.
Masaya: ...No real surprises, huh?
All the main contenders that people have their eyes on, like Inui, Misaki, and Asuka, have progressed with little issue.
However, one person I expected a lot from has lost already.
Satouin: Hic... Ugh... Hic...
Satouin-san lost her very first match.
It was a bad matchup for her, and she ran out of stamina because her exhaustion piled up, so she lost by a considerable margin.
It's probably a surprise for a powerhouse like Takafuji.
Satouin: I-I'm the president, a-and yet I... I lost in the first round... How can I face the others now...?
Satouin-san's weeping all by herself in a corner of the venue.
There's nothing we can really do, so Asuka and I just watch her from behind.
Satouin: Ugh... Hic... Waaah...
Asuka: Satouin-sa--
I stop Asuka as she tries to approach Satouin-san.
Asuka: Huh? Masaya-san, why?
Masaya: You've won all your matches, remember? That means you aren't the right person to console her.
Asuka: No way...
Masaya: Satouin-san has a lot of pride. If you take pity on her here, you'll just end up hurting her even more.
Masaya: Besides, she's all worked up right now. We should talk to her later, after she's had time to cool her head.
Asuka: Okay...
I pat a dejected Asuka's shoulders before walking over to a different Takafuji member.
Rika: Oh, Hinata-san...
Ichinose lost in the second round.
Still, she faced some highly skilled sophomores in both rounds, and the second match was pretty close, so she's got nothing to be ashamed of.
However, it's probably hitting her harder than it should because of Satouin-san's loss.
Masaya: It's very unfortunate that you lost, Ichinose...
Rika: Yeah... I thought I could get a little bit further.
Rika: Unfortunately, no one from Takafuji managed to reach the third round, which isn't a good look for our school.
Yeah, that's not what most people expect from their school.
Masaya: I'm really sorry if helping train Asuka wore you out.
Rika: No, you have nothing to apologize for.
Rika: Our club has been centered around Shindou-senpai this whole time, so we can take these results as a learning experience.
Rika: Actually, Satouin-senpai's been handing all the coaching since the summer tournament. She said we needed to learn not to rely on Shindou-senpai.
...I see. Guess that's why he had a lot of free time.
Explains her results, too. Satouin-san probably didn't have much time to practice if she was handling all the coaching.
I'm sure we'll face similar problems when our current sophomores have to graduate.
Rika: This tournament may have ended poorly, but we'll come back stronger than ever. You won't even recognize us next year.
Rika: ...Prepare yourselves.
Masaya: ...Will do.
Asuka: ......
Asuka: I'm finally starting to understand what losing feels like...
Masaya: ...Yeah.
Asuka: Honestly, I'm a little scared.
Asuka: I can't help but wonder if flying's really fun when we're going this far to decide winners and losers...
I stop in my tracks.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes?
Masaya: If you don't find this fun, just drop out of the tournament.
Asuka: Huh?!
Masaya: There are some who say sports aren't all about winning and losing, but it's normal that people who participate in tournaments are invested in the idea of coming out on top. The rules are based around it, even.
Masaya: If you're having any doubts about that, it's better to quit while you're ahead.
Asuka: ...I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking straight.
Asuka seems pretty upset, so I pat her on the shoulder and smile.
Masaya: Don't get me wrong. I know <i>exactly</i> how you feel. I mean, I ended up quitting FC because of that, remember?
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Masaya: Asuka, when you participate in a tournament, focus only on winning. That'll help everyone else, and make all your practice worth it.
Asuka: How will that help?
Masaya: You need to show people who have lost how much you enjoy flying.
Masaya: Just think, wouldn't it be great if seeing you makes them want to fly again?
Asuka: Y-Yes...! Definitely.
Masaya: Good. Now, let's go out there and give it our best shot.
Asuka: Okay!
Asuka: Still, I'm a little worried about Satouin-san...
Masaya: Don't worry. I promise she'll be back on her feet with twice the motivation in no time.
Asuka: How can you be so sure?
Masaya: I just know that girl's quick to recover.
Satouin: What do you think you're doing?!
Madoka: Uh, what do you mean? Preparing for the upcoming matches, duh.
Satouin: Do you not even have proper cheerleaders at Kunahama?! Who will encourage the players during their matches?!
Madoka: Cheerleaders...? Um, well, our members just cheer for each other.
Satouin: What a hopeless bunch. Very well, then. Rejoice, for I, Reiko Satouin, shall cheer for you as a token of our friendship!
Madoka: God, she doesn't even listen! This sucks!
Masaya: ...See?
Asuka: ...You were right.
Asuka giggles happily as she watches Satouin-san go back to her usual self.
We've mainly focused on Asuka since the summer tournament, but Mashiro still managed to win her first match, while Misaki made it to the third round.
Masaya: You did great out there, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Hehehe... Too bad I got knocked out in the second round...
Madoka: Oh, <i>come on,</i> celebrate a little! Your opponent may have been a freshman, but you still managed to beat someone from Takafuji!
Satouin: And then you proceeded to embarrass us by losing your next match.
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry!
Satouin: If you actually feel sorry, practice harder! Improve by the next tournament!
Mashiro: O-Okay, I will!
You know, I kinda feel like Satouin-san can elevate FC as a whole around here.
She's a local celebrity, so if she keeps this up, who knows what might happen!
Misaki: Aight, guess it's time to kick some butt!
Misaki cracks her fingers as she prepares for her next match.
Mashiro: Avenge me, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Sure thing!
Misaki says that, then thrusts one of her hands into the air and leaves.
Masaya: Oh, right. Misaki's third round opponent is the same person you lost to, huh?
Mashiro: Yeah... Ganeko-san.
Mayu Ganeko. She's a sophomore from Shitou Suisan Academy.
The way she introduced herself to us during the summer tournament left quite an impression...
Satouin: Oh, you mean that fake noblewoman?
Madoka: Should I mention the irony to her, Hinata-kun? <i>Should I?<i>
Masaya: I don't care. Do whatever you want, Madoka. But yeah, she's talking about the older girl that was sort of graceful and refined.
That, uh, system or whatever they have going on at Shitou Suisan really is... interesting.
Masaya: Man, Okoze was acting kinda creepy back then...
Arika: Don't call me creepy! Wow, you guys are as rude as ever!
Mashiro: Ugh... That voice...
Masaya: You've been eavesdropping?
Arika: Don't call it eavesdropping. I'm here to watch the match and you mentioned my name, so of course I'd respond.
Masaya: Your... big sister, was it? She's pretty good. I saw the match just now.
Mashiro didn't stand a chance.
There wasn't any room for her to pull off any tricks. She was better than Mashiro in every single way.
Arika: You got that right. Big Sis is <i>super</i> amazing. I doubt Tobisawa-senpai stands a chance, either.
Mashiro: Why don't you go help her out instead of wasting your time here, Arika?
Arika: She's already done with all her prep! That's why I decided to come here and tease you!
Mashiro: God, you're annoying.
Arika: How dare you!
Masaya: I mean, Mashiro actually managed to make it through the first round, so it seems like she's the one who should be teasing you.
Arika: Ugh... Listen, I only lost because I got matched up with a strong opponent. It was bad luck!
Mashiro: Yeah, no thanks. She's too annoying to tease.
Arika: Wow, you've called me "annoying" two times in less than a minute! Don't get carried away because you won this time!
Mashiro: Senpai, can I leave her to you?
Masaya: Uh, no... Don't try to shove this kid onto me.
Arika: Heeey! Quit treating me like some nasty customer no one wants to deal with!
Asuka: G-Guys, the match is starting...
Arika: Crap. Well, I'll catch you later, Mashiro!
Mashiro: Forget that. Just stay away.
Masaya: Good grief...
Once Okoze leaves, I direct my attention to the playing field.
Ganeko-san is pretty good, but it seems like she mostly skates by on experience.
There's a good chance Misaki will win, since her physical abilities let her penetrate most defenses.
Masaya: Asuka versus Misaki, huh?
I'd love to see that match.
Misaki's in prime condition, so she's feeling pretty confident.
However...
That confidence crumbles far too easily.
Misaki: What's this? Why are you just floating in place...?
Mayu: Hehehe... Movement is but one part of FC.
Misaki: Ugh...!
Misaki engages her in a dogfight in an attempt to break the stalemate.
But...
Mayu: You forgot to guard your sides, Tobisawa-san.
Misaki: Wha--!
She easily dodges Misaki's assault.
Mayu: That's one point for me.
Misaki: Shit...!
Damn, this is bad...
Arika: Sweet! Another point! Go, go, Big Sis!
Masaya: She's got the timing of your attacks down, Misaki! Watch out for more attacks from the side.
Misaki: I know... I know that...
Misaki's visibly frustrated as she stares down her opponent.
Misaki: No matter how I attack her... she twists around me in a way that feels <i>super</i> gross...
Masaya: Misaki...
Misaki: Sorry, Masaya. I think this is as far as I go...
And true enough...
After that, Misaki fails to beat Ganeko-san no matter what she tries.
The match ends with a score of 3:6.
Misaki's out in the third round.
Arika: Yaaay! Big Sis wooon!
Mayu: Oh my. Thanks for cheering for me, Arika...
Ugh, all that cheering's making us Kunahama students feel even worse.
Misaki comes walking over to us with slumped shoulders.
Misaki: Ahaha... I lost.
Misaki: Sorry, I probably looked real lame.
Mashiro: That's not true.
Misaki: Sorry I couldn't avenge you, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai...
They droop their shoulders and descend into a deep funk.
Sure, we focused mainly on Asuka this time around, but that doesn't mean they're fine with losing.
Unfortunately, Misaki and Mashiro only managed to reach the goals they set for themselves.
Their losses to Ganeko-san must have been an extra bitter pill to swallow because of their history with Okoze.
Asuka: ......
Asuka's been silently watching them this whole time.
There's something off about her. Something feels... different.
Eventually...
Asuka: It's my turn.
...Asuka quietly gets up.
Asuka: Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Asuka...
Asuka: I will avenge you!
That's new.
Asuka's all fired up, almost angry even, as she fly over to first.
Arika: Yo, Senpai. How are things looking over here?
Masaya: Oh, Okoze... Can't you tell?
Arika: Yeah... That's why I'm avoiding them.
Guess she's smart enough to know that's a bad idea. Glad she's not that insensitive.
Arika: Listen, this is when your players need you most. You need to cheer them all up.
Masaya: Huh...? Wait, you're just assuming Asuka's gonna lose?
Arika: Of course! Big Sis is something special. She's a top player in the area, and everyone's got their eyes on--
Masaya: Hate to break it to you, but... Asuka won't lose.
Arika: I can't believe it! Here I am, trying to cheer you up, and you're just being stubborn! Just you wait, I'll come back and laugh at you once she loses!
Okoze makes that hostile announcement, then quickly disappears.
Masaya: Well, what did she expect...?
I scratch my head in confusion
Masaya: She'll understand soon enough.
Mayu: ...Huh?
After winning the race to second, Asuka easily slips behind Ganeko-san and scores a second point.
Mayu: ...Ah!
Her back's wide open thanks to that, so Asuka goes in to score again.
Mayu: ...Eek!
Right as Ganeko-san twists her body to regain balance, Asuka disappears with nimble vertical movements, gets behind her, and scores yet again in a matter of seconds.
Mayu: Ugh...
Ganeko-san's frantically looking around, seeking a means to escape the vicious cycle she's trapped in.
However, Asuka uses that opening to nail her again.
Arika: Oh... Oooh... Ooooooh...
Okoze's beside herself.
Her incoherent groans fill my surrounding as I watch Asuka score point after point.
Misaki: Wow... Just... wow. I don't know what to say...
Misaki's dumbfounded by Asuka's display of skill.
But I can sense a profound sense of respect within her voice.
Misaki: Asuka... She's using my playstyle...
Misaki's right. Asuka's playing like a pure Fighter.
It kinda feels like she's trying to show Misaki her possible future.
She dishes out more and more perfectly timed attacks and flight maneuvers without pause.
Masaya: Oh, you noticed?
Misaki: Yeah... I feel real happy right now...
Misaki: Thanks, Asuka.
Misaki stretches her back as she says that.
Misaki: Man, now I have to keep playing FC...
Masaya: Huh? What'd you just say?
Misaki: Go on, you need to go congratulate the winner, Coach!
Masaya: Y-Yeah...
No way... Was Misaki thinking of quitting FC?
And Asuka... I see.
That was the final match of block A. Now, we've only got the grand finals left.
Asuka won by an insane margin. The final score was 13:0.
Asuka: Masaya-san.
Asuka smiles and walks over to me as soon as she lands.
Masaya: Congrats, Asuka. You've made it to the grand finals.
Asuka: Yes. Did you see how I was playing?
Masaya: Yeah, you did great... Misaki was real happy, too.
Asuka: I'm glad... I'm so glad to hear that.
Asuka's expression shifts to one of relief.
Guess we were right.
Asuka: I feel like I've started to understand what you said to me earlier.
Masaya: What part?
Asuka: You know...
Asuka: The meaning of showing people who have lost how much I enjoy flying.
Asuka: I think I get why I need to do that.
Masaya: I see...
Asuka's growing with each match.
Talking to her like this has made me realize she really is getting stronger with every second.
Asuka: Do you think Inui-san has fun?
Masaya: What?
Asuka: I mean, do you think she has fun when she's flying?
Asuka: I'm wondering if she enjoys it or not.
Masaya: Well...
It feels like there's a special bond between Irina and Inui.
I can't tell if it's based on trust or something else entirely, but either way, I doubt fun is anywhere in the picture.
Masaya: You just have to teach her, Asuka.
Asuka: I do?
Masaya: Yeah. You need to teach Saki Inui the sort of flying that you find fun.
However, that isn't going to be easy.
We need to somehow pull out a win in order to do that.
Masaya: That's why we can't afford to lose the next match.
Asuka: ...Okay. I'll <i>definitely</i> defeat Inui-san.
Asuka: I'll be counting on your help!
Masaya: Yeah, let's win this together!
There's only one person standing between us and total victory.
At long last, the grand finals are about to begin.
We're all gathered at a spot near the playing field that we've been using as a base camp of sorts this whole time.
Misaki: Aight, here you go!
Misaki sprays something that's supposed to combat muscle fatigue onto Asuka's legs.
Asuka: Wow, that feels nice and cool!
Satouin: We cannot risk her body chilling due to that spray. Quickly, someone place a bath towel on her!
Mashiro: Can you lend us this towel, Ichinose-san?
Rika: Of course. It's all yours!
Asuka's sitting down while everyone else is kicking up a fuss around her. Kinda reminds me of what you see between rounds in a boxing match.
Madoka: Well, guess we're ready for the last match.
Masaya: Asuka's raring to go, so we're all set.
Madoka: It's about time for Shion to join us. Can you go check on him?
Masaya: Sure. I'll be right back.
Shion: Yo, Hinata.
Shirase: Oh, you here to pick him up?
Masaya: Yeah... Oh, I didn't know you were here, Shindou-san.
Shindou: I couldn't really join the others from Takafuji, so I agreed to help out Shirase-san.
I bet Satouin-san was being all stubborn about handling everything herself.
I understand that, since she's trying to reshape the club and all. Must be hard to change after getting used to having the best amateur in the country on your team.
Shindou: I'm assuming you wish to know how the other block went, right?
Masaya: Yeah. How'd the matches go?
Their expressions suddenly turn grave.
Shindou: Let's start with the bottom line. Obviously, Inui-kun won.
I mean, yeah, of course. Her losing would've been a huge twist.
Shirase: As for how she won... Well, let me tell you, it was a sight to behold.
Masaya: In what way, exactly?
Shion: Inui used the Bird Cage in <i>all</i> of her matches.
Masaya: In... all of them?!
She used that overwhelming force in every single one of her matches...
Masaya: Does that mean her opponents are...?
Shindou: Yeah. They're utterly depressed. I don't doubt that most of them wish to quit FC.
Shirase: Can't really blame them. I mean, they worked hard to develop all sorts of skills and come up with all sorts of strategies, but they were all useless.
Shion: It was honestly hard to watch.
I bet...
Masaya: I don't get why she's using it nonstop when she hid it during the nationals.
Shion: Yeah, that's weird...
Shirase: I'm just guessing here, but it feels like she's flaunting it.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Shirase: Like, she's trying to show that FC as we know it is coming to an end or something. I get the feeling she's trying to make sure everyone watching gets that message.
Masaya: Ah...!
I see. It's not just about their opponents. They're targeting everyone in the audience, and those watching the broadcast as well.
It's a challenge of sorts. They're daring people to prove them wrong, to show their style isn't the true face of FC.
It feels like Asuka and I have a lot resting on our shoulders at this point.
What will win? Tradition? Or revolution?
Shirase: Well, let's just make our way over to the others for now.
Shion: Are you going to tag along?
Masaya: Oh, no. You guys should head back first. I need some time alone to think.
Shindou: Hinata-kun.
Masaya: Yeah?
Shindou: You'll get stressed out if you overthink things. Relax, then properly guide Kurashina-kun during her match.
Masaya: Will do. Thanks for the advice!
Shindou: I'm glad you understand. I'll be rooting for you from the stands.
Our conversation ends there, and the three of them walk off toward our base camp.
I alone remain there, brooding over the upcoming match.
I know Shindou-san's right.
FC is a sport where split-second decision making is crucial, which is why overthinking things is a bad idea. You lose flexibility, and with it, the ability to make the right calls.
But... this match is special for a wide variety of reasons. We've got a lot riding on it.
The version of FC we've been playing this whole time is on the line... and it's the same thing Aoi-san's been trying to protect.
I can't admit defeat to them, no matter what.
Masaya: Oh... The wind's picking up.
The air was calm until now, but I can feel a gentle breeze start to blow in from the east.
Loose stalks of grass take to the sky and float over toward the playing field.
I turn to the west, toward the sun.
And there, I spot her.
Irina: Oh my... We haven't seen each other in a while.
Masaya: Irina-san...
The smile on her face is the same as when we first met.
However, I find myself unable to look straight at it this this time.
Irina: It seems like the wind has picked up.
Masaya: Yeah. It's not strong enough to delay the tournament, though.
Irina: Wind is considered an extremely important factor in English tournaments. You should come watch one sometime.
Masaya: I'd love to do that if I ever get a chance.
What is she hiding behind her smile?
What does she want to build after destroying our FC?
I don't have the answer to either of those questions, so all I can do is oppose her.
Asuka: Phew... I'm starting to feel a little nervous... Where'd Masaya-san go?
Asuka: Huh? Is that...?
Asuka: Inui-saaan, Inui-saaan!
Saki: ...Ah!
Asuka: It really <i>is</i> you! Long time, no see!
Saki: ......
Asuka: H-Huh? What, you don't want to talk to me?
Saki: ...No. That's not it.
Saki: I've just... never talked to an opponent before a match. This is a first.
Asuka: I see! I'm your first, huh?
Saki: Oh...
Asuka: Why don't we chat for a bit?
Saki: Okay...
Masaya: Congrats. I knew you'd win your block.
Irina: Thank you. You also performed well. Congratulations.
Masaya: I heard you used it in all your matches.
Irina: Used what?
Masaya: The Bird Cage.
Irina: Yes, we did. What about it?
Masaya: It feels wrong.
Irina: Why?
Masaya: Because it sucks all the joy out of Flying Circus.
Another gust of wind blows past us again.
This time, it's a lot stronger. I hear some voices in the distance complaining. Maybe something near the venue got blown away?
I also hear excited voices, educational info, and plain old chatting, all of which seem full of life.
Masaya: Remember how you once asked me whether the circus part, all those Airkick Turns, Cobras, Suicidas, and so on, were really necessary?
Irina: Of course.
Masaya: Well, I have my answer now.
Irina: ...May I hear it?
Masaya: It is necessary. In fact, it's the very heart and soul of FC.
Asuka: You're amazing, Inui-san! How'd you get so good?
Saki: It's because... I have something dear to me...
Asuka: Something dear to you?
Saki: You don't... have anything like that?
Asuka: Me? Hm, well, yeah, I do...
Saki: What is it...?
Asuka: Who, not what. My coach, Masaya-san.
Asuka: He's the one who taught me the joy of flying!
Saki: ...I see. I also have someone dear to me.
Asuka: Is that person Irina-san?
Saki: Yeah... Irina is very precious to me. She's been supporting me for as long as I can remember.
Saki: I must win for her sake.
Asuka: Challenge accepted! I won't lose to you!
Saki: Ah...!
Asuka: Honestly, I'm a little scared of you, but I've also been looking forward to our match for a while.
Saki: You have...?
Asuka: Yeah, I can't wait!
Asuka: After all, FC is <i>super</i> fun!
Saki: ......
Masaya: Flying Circus is about having fun. It's about captivating people's attention and entertaining them with the joys of flying.
Irina: ......
Masaya: If all you're after is the experience of flying, hop on a plane. Flying with your own wings is about so much more than that.
I've been searching for this answer since the summer tournament.
And like my shoes said, the answer really was in the sky.
The sky is an endless source of fun and excitement.
And so, a sport that revolves around dashing through the sky needs to emulate that.
The person who came up with FC clearly understood that, since "circus" is even a part of its name.
I now know that I have to protect that name from her and Inui.
Masaya: ...I swear on the name of our beloved sport that we won't lose to you.
Irina-san's smile disappears.
She goes silent as soon as I finish giving my answer.
How long is this gonna last? It feels like an eternity, but...
Irina: How ironic. Those are the same words my sister said...
Masaya: Huh...?
Irina: Pardon me. It was nothing...
A smile slowly forms on her face after she says that.
Irina: ...You really are an amusing man, Hinata-san.
Irina: Fine. Let us determine which part is more important once and for all. The flying, or the circus.
Masaya: Yeah.
Saki: It's almost time... for the match.
Asuka: Oh, hold on, Inui-san!
Saki: Hm...?
Asuka: Can we be friends once the match ends?
Saki: You... want to be friends...?
Asuka: Yes!
Asuka: I'm really, <i>really</i> interested in you as a player. I want to talk a lot more!
Asuka: Besides, you're <i>super</i> cute!
Saki: Ah...!
Saki: Th-That's not... true...
Asuka: You can't be serious. Of course you're cute!
Saki: I'm not... cute. And.... becoming friends... is not possible, but...
Saki: Chatting after the match... is fine...
Asuka: Wow, great! It's a promise, then!
Saki: Yes... a promise...
Masaya: I'm back... Oh, where's Asuka?
Madoka: She went out for a walk. Should be back by now, though...
Satouin: Oh, there she is!
Asuka: I'm back!
Misaki: You've been gone for ages! Where'd you go?
Asuka: Oh... I just went to see a friend!
Madoka: A friend...? What, like someone from your old school?
Asuka: No, a girl I'm going to become friends with <i>really</i> soon.
Mashiro: Wh-What...?
Masaya: We need to get ready, Asuka.
Asuka: Yes, Masaya-san...!
Asuka and I make our way over to the playing field.
And when we get there, I see the whole Kairyou team on standby.
Eventually, I hear a familiar voice call out from behind me.
Aoi: Yo. I see you're working hard.
Misaki: Oh, Ms. Kagami!
Mashiro: I didn't think you were coming!
Aoi: Sorry I took so long... Work ran longer than I expected.
Aoi-san approaches the others, then directs her gaze at me.
Aoi: ......
She gives a quick nod, and I respond in kind.
We share no words because we have no need for them.
At this point, I just have to pour everything I have into this match.
Masaya: (I'm still worried about what Aoi-san told me, though...)
Well, I can deal with that when it comes up. The first step is showing off the fruits of our labor.
We won't stand a chance unless we do that.
Masaya: Okay, it's time.
The match is about to start, so I tell Asuka to head over to first.
I can practically feel the excitement in the air.
Minori: Ladies and gentlemen, the time has finally come for the fall tournament's grand finale! Just like last time, I promise to give you well curated commentary with my pretty voice. I'm the one, the only, Precure Minori!
Minori: One of our finalists is the winner of the summer nationals, the "Monarch of the Skies," Saki Inui.
Minori: And her opponent, looking to cause an upset here today, is an up-and-coming player who's been improving at an astounding rate since her unfortunate third-round loss at the summer tournament. The "Magician of the Azure," Asuka Kurashina!
Minori: Which of these two will be crowned the next Shitou champion?! Tune in to find out!
"Magician of the Azure"... What a crazy nickname.
Though, it's quite fitting.
After all, she's going to put on a magic show to dazzle the crowd and unseat the foul king.
Misaki: Asukaaa! I'll treat you to some udon if you wiiin!
Mashiro: And I'll get you some strawberry pocky!
Madoka: It's finally starting... Seeing Asuka in the grand finals really tugs at your heartstrings, huh?
Shion: Yeaaaah, Kurashina! You need speed! Spirit and speed! Oh, and also muscles!
Shindou: Well, this is rather exciting, isn't it, Satou-kun?
Satouin: ...Yes, indeed. Also, it's Satouin.
Rika: Asuka-san... Good luck!
Shirase: Masayaaa, make sure you don't lose your cool! We've got your baaack!
Aoi: ......
Irina: Play the same as usual, Saki. Do not hesitate.
Saki: Yes, Irina.
Masaya: Remember, Asuka, all of us believe in you, so go out there and have fun.
Asuka: Okay...! I can hardly contain my excitement!
Masaya: ...Perfect. That's the way.
I give Asuka a thumbs-up.
Eventually, the referee moves their whistle to their lips.
Asuka: ......
Saki: ......
Then, they pause for a moment amidst the tense atmosphere.
And after that...
...a whistle resounds through the clear blue sky.
Saki: ...I'll head out first.
Inui moves toward second right as the match starts.
Her body rises up for a moment, and I immediately realize that's intentional.
Masaya: I see... She's using the wind!
Inui uses the gust of wind that's blowing up from above to skillfully carve a path to second.
A human-size gap opens up between her and Asuka, who's also trying to make her way to the buoy.
Minori: What's this?! Is Inui trying to replicate her summer tournament performance?! She quickly moves into a Low Yo-Yo to accelerate! Kurashina's trying her hardest to keep up, but that seems unlikely!
Madoka: No, she took the lead!
Misaki: Dammit, she's <i>really</i> fast...
Satouin: Asuka Kurashina is a pure All-Rounder. The cards are stacked against her in a race.
That's normally true, but we've got something up our sleeve.
Masaya: Asuka, go.
Asuka: You want me to use it right away?
Masaya: I don't want to hold anything back. We need to go full throttle right out of the gate, and never pull back. Otherwise... we won't win.
Asuka: ...I understand.
Asuka: Here I go!
Right after she says that...
Saki: Huh...?!
Irina: No way, how is she so fast?!
Asuka, who was slowly being left in the dust by Inui, abruptly picks up speed and overtakes her.
Shion: Wh-What is that?! Her speed just jumped?!
Shirase: That's a pretty interesting idea, Masaya.
The gap between them eventually widens to a point where Inui has to give up on the buoy and jump to the second line.
Moments later, Asuka reaches second.
Minori: Wh-What a stunning development! Kurashina, who was initially behind, suddenly accelerated and stole the first buoy touch!
With that, the score's 1:0. Asuka's taken the lead for the very first time.
Mashiro: Yay! Asuka-senpai did it!
Misaki: I don't get it, what was that?!
Madoka: I've got no clue. She just sped up somehow...
Satouin: P-President, what happened...?
Shindou: Ms. Kagami, I find this hard to believe, but...
Aoi: ...I know what you're getting at. Yeah, it's probably based on my move.
Shindou: So it is based on the Angelic Halo...
Rika: W-Wait, didn't she only see it for the first time three days ago?
Misaki: They practiced alone the next day. Guess they must've worked on this together.
Madoka: ...Could they really have mastered this in a single day?
Shindou: In my opinion, it would take at least a week.
Aoi: Common sense doesn't apply to them, huh?
Shindou-san and Aoi-san are right on the money. We've used the concept behind the Angelic Halo to help up Asuka's speed.
Think of it like a nitro boost in a car. It doesn't last very long, but the quick burst of speed can help you get ahead in a race.
Though, since it's a variation of the Angelic Halo, you can only keep flying straight for about two seconds.
Any longer and it gets too hard to maintain the proper form. And in the worst case scenario, you'll end up flying in an arc before you shoot out of the playing field.
However, thanks to Asuka's improved sense of balance, she can recover after those two seconds and chain it into another boost.
That's how she managed to get down the first line so fast.
From here on out, we can use that to get the edge when Inui's flying by Asuka's side.
Though, I wonder if it'll actually work... I kinda assume Inui and Irina-san will think of some countermeasure before attacking us.
Asuka: I did it!
Masaya: Yeah! But watch out for her next move, Asuka.
Asuka quickly recovers her form, which was slightly off because of the boost from touching second.
Meanwhile, Inui's up above the second line with her arms spread wide.
Saki: ...I'm ready.
Irina: Good, then let's proceed. Use Bird Cage Mark II.
Saki: Okay.
For some reason, Inui's leaning forward as she advances toward Asuka with her spread out arms.
Masaya: Bird Cage Mark II?! They've improved it already?!
Minori: It looks like things are heating up! Inui's charging toward her opponent with her Bird Cage, the move that crushed every single person she faced in her block.
Mashiro: Oh no, it's the Bird Cage...
Misaki: And she just called it the Bird Cage Mark II... Does that mean it's a lot stronger?
Shion: She didn't use it in any of her other matches.
Shindou: Most likely because she didn't need to.
Rika: Why?
Shirase: This version seems to involve charging your opponent, which isn't how she normally does things.
Aoi: Yeah, she's got no reason to do that if she's already in the lead.
Satouin: I see. That makes a lot of sense. After all, she dominated all the matches in her block from the very start.
Of course they added a more direct offense option to the Bird Cage. They're not dumb enough to assume they'll always start with a lead...
Masaya: Glad I guessed that already!
Asuka seems prepared to intercept the encroaching Inui.
Asuka: I'm good to go!
Masaya: Okay, there's no time like the present. Use Pentagram Force!
Asuka nods, then flies up and to the right in order to get into Inui's blind spot.
Saki: Upward? Does she mean to attack with a Low Yo-Yo...?
Right when Inui looks up...
Asuka: Sorry, but you guessed wrong!
...Asuka starts to draw a pentagram with her flight path.
Saki: This movement...!
Irina: A polygon attack chain... I can't believe she actually mastered it.
Inui stops in her tracks, looking almost scared for a moment.
Rika: Sh-She did it! Inui-san stopped moving!
Shindou: She pulled it off perfectly. I must say, this makes all the practice worth it.
Aoi: Yeah, it's doing its job well. Even Inui has to think twice before trying to break through that thing.
Aoi: Pentagram Force, huh...? That's a great name for the move.
Mashiro: Still, it sounds a little, huh...
Misaki: ...Edgy? Yeah, Masaya's a </i>total</i> edgelord.
Masaya: Hey! I can hear you guys!
Madoka: Let's start calling him Pentagram-kun after the match.
Mashiro: I'd prefer Pen-chan.
Misaki: Pen-chaaan, we're rooting for youuu!
Masaya: Dammit... I swear, they never let up.
How dare they make fun of it?! I thought long and hard before I eventually came up with that amazing name!
Madoka: What do you think, Satouin-san?
Satouin: ......
Madoka: ...Something wrong?
Satouin: It's... very cool...
Madoka: Huh...?
Irina: Saki... Listen to me, alright?
Saki: Yes.
Irina: She'll catch you if you rush in from the front, so slowly circle her while I analyze the situation.
Irina: I assume she'll attempt to slip past your side if you move too quickly, so be careful. Considering how fast she was earlier, it would be a mistake to underestimate her speed just because she's an All-Rounder.
Saki: Yes, Irina.
Inui's floating about to make sure she's always facing Asuka. Guess they're probably thinking strategy right now.
Not that it matters much. I can tell they're just gonna go for Asuka's back the moment we attack.
Asuka: What should we do, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Don't hesitate. Just remember what we practiced, and execute it flawlessly.
Asuka: ...Okay!
Unfazed by Inui's diversion, Asuka does an Airkick Turn when she reaches one of the vertices of her pentagram.
Asuka: Take this!
Then, she uses the small opening we've created to rush toward Inui from the side.
Saki: ...Easy!
Inui clearly has insane reflexes, since she manages to dodge our attack and tries to counter it in one smooth motion.
But...
Masaya: ...That's not all we've got in store!
Asuka nails a short turn and suddenly appears on Inui's other side.
Saki: Ugh... I won't let you...!
Inui manages to react in time yet again. And this time, she twists her body in order to protect her back.
However...
Asuka: If that's what you're going to do...
Asuka: ...two can play that game!
Inui has her back to Asuka, but she twists and bends in unbelievable directions as she extends her hand toward her.
And then, she successfully lands a hit.
Saki: Ugh...!
Irina: S-Such incredible flexibility...!
Minori: Kurashina has scored a point in a dogfight, which puts Inui two points behind!
That brings the score to 2:0.
Misaki: Aiiight!
Madoka: She did it!
Shion: 2:0! She has a two point lead now! Yeaaaaaah!
Mashiro: This is all thanks to her practice with you, Shindou-san!
Shindou: Oh, I doubt that. Kurashina-kun deserves all the praise for actually mastering everything in such a short time.
Satouin: ...Exactly.
Shindou: It seems like there's been something on your mind this whole time, Satou-kun. Care to share?
Satouin: President, um... can you please help train our younger players after the tournament?
Shindou: ...I thought you wanted me to remain uninvolved.
Satouin: I did, but this display is showing me that I should not be so stubborn. I wouldn't dare get stuck in my ways after seeing how much Kunahama has improved.
Satouin: Your help is more than welcome. In fact, I insist that you aid us with Ichinose-san's training.
Shindou: ......
Shindou: ...Okay, Satouin-kun.
Rika: Satouin-senpai...
Shirase: Seems like everything's going just fine.
Aoi: Yeah...
Shirase: Think she's gonna pull out the ace up her sleeve?
Aoi: No, not yet. I'm sure she'll wait until the end of the match.
Inui uses the repulsion from Asuka's blow to propel herself toward third.
Gotta say, her quick thinking and fast reaction times clearly show that she's playing at the highest possible level.
Asuka: Oh no, she's going to reach third...
Masaya: It's okay, there's nothing you can do. Listen, just jump to the next line.
Asuka: Roger!
Inui touches third and scores her first point as Asuka jumps to the third line.
The score's now 2:1. Asuka's lead has diminished.
Minori: Inui has scored a point to make up for her loss in the dogfight! This is starting to look rather interesting! Now, will Inui even the score, or will Kurashina manage to pull further ahead?!
Irina: Saki, let's return the favor in the next dogfight.
Saki: Understood, Irina.
Inui uses the boost from touching third to rush down the third line.
She's heading straight for Asuka...
They seem to be ditching their earlier plan at this point, since Inui's not worrying about positioning or anything.
Have they realized that as things stand, it's better for them to make this a fast, hectic match to force a misplay?
That's fine by me. I welcome the challenge.
But you know, the most terrifying attacks in these situations always make use of gravity in some way.
And that means...
Masaya: There's no way she's gonna shoot straight for you. I'm sure she'll try to enter a climb, then swoop down.
The question is, will she go for a feint and attack Asuka's blind spot when that happens?
She could do that, but there are also a ton of other options. Betting on a specific scenario is too much of a risk.
Masaya: Think you can react in time and counter her attack, Asuka?
Asuka: I'll try!
Asuka leans forward slightly to prepare herself for Inui's assault.
It's an extremely flexible stance that will allow her to move in any direction on short notice.
Asuka: Go on, attack from any angle! I'm... ready?!
Inui suddenly disappears as she closes in on Asuka.
Asuka: Wh-Whoa, where'd she go?!
Masaya: She's coming from above, Asuka!
Asuka: Eek!
Asuka manages to dodge Inui's attack by a hair's breadth.
Minori: How impressive! Inui launched her attack by rocketing up directly in front of her opponent, then swooping down! That unexpected maneuver seems to have caught Kurashina off guard!
Irina: You have her on the ropes, Saki. That was a well executed attack.
Saki: Thank you. I was close.
Saki: I won't let you get away next time.
Asuka: Eek! T-Time to run!
At that point, Inui takes charge of the action.
Asuka: Ugh... Ah, oh no...
Asuka twists her body as bends her upper half backward in order to escape Inui's endless avalanche of attacks.
Saki: Tenacious... How about this, then?
She says that, then flies a large arc in an attempt to target Asuka's blind spots.
Asuka: Eek! Oh no... Ugh...!
Inui's fists rain down on all of Asuka's blind spots in short order.
Left, right, up, down... Asuka's targeted from every single direction, but she somehow managed to dodge everything while letting out those weird yelps.
Minori: Oh my, this is quite a ferocious barrage of attacks from Inui! How much longer can Kurashina hold out?
Inui doesn't stop, doesn't tire. Her hands are moving so fast that they seem to be both nowhere and everywhere at the same time.
Mashiro: Oh no, Asuka-senpai is...!
Misaki: Chill out, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai...?
Misaki: Doesn't this seem kinda familiar?
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: ...Ohhh!
Misaki: She's got this.
Misaki's right.
This is something we've been training to counter since the summer tournament.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Y-Yes...!
Masaya: Once you get used to the rhythm of her attacks, go on the offense.
Asuka: Understood!
Asuka slips out of the way of Inui's attacks every single time.
And as time goes by, her movements grow more smooth.
Asuka: This is Prez...!
Her first hurdle is consecutive attacks from above and below.
In other words, attacks based on speed, which Prez excels at.
Asuka: This is Mashiro-chan!
The second is a surprise attack from her blind spot.
It comes flying in from behind right as she's trying to calm her breathing.
Asuka: And this is Misaki-chan...!
And finally, swift left and right movement that link to rapid attacks.
It's just like the move strings Misaki's so good at pulling off.
Asuka: They were way, <i>way</i> harder to dodge!
Well, yeah. Inui's attacks are coming one after another instead of all at once.
Minori: A-Amazing! This is simply amazing!
There's no way Asuka, who's mastered dealing with all of those attacks at the same time, will lose here.
Minori: Kurashina's nimbly weaving through Inui's chain of blows!
Minori: It looked like each of those attacks would hit their mark, yet none of them have!
Saki: S-She dodged... all of them?!
Irina: Saki, be careful!
Saki: ...Huh?!
It's too late... Asuka already has the high ground!
Asuka: Here I come!
Inui's hesitating as she thinks over what to do next.
Asuka: Take this hyper Low Yo-Yo I developed thanks to everyone's help!
Luckily, that's all the time we need. Asuka spins down toward Inui's back like a drill in order to score another point.
Saki: Ugh...!
Minori: Scoooooooore! Kurashina has scored her third point!
It's 3:1 now.
We've finally reclaimed our two point lead.
Saki: Ah...!
Because Asuka was spinning when she touched her back, Inui is completely off balance.
Shindou: Wow, that was amazing!
Satouin: What fantastic maneuvering... Truly a sight to behold!
Rika: We did it, guys!
Madoka: Yeah. This was a team effort.
Misaki: I knew this would happen! No way Asuka'd lose one-on-one when she can hold her own against all three of us at the same time!
Mashiro: P-Prez, how much time is left?!
Shion: Th-Three minutes! If she can hold out that long...
Misaki: Asuka will...
Madoka: ...win!
Rika: You...
Rika: You can do it, Asuka-san!
Shirase: ...Think they'll bust it out now?
Aoi: ...Yeah.
Shirase: Dammit... Is there <i>really</i> nothing they can do, Aoi?
Aoi: Fact is, Irina Avalon outsmarted us by focusing on areas other than the players... There's nothing more we can do at this point.
Shirase: I know... You're right, but...
Shirase: ...I can't just stand and watch as she tears down everything we stood for.
Aoi: ......
Aoi: ...I know how you feel.
Shirase: Aoi...
Aoi: But this isn't our battle to fight. It's theirs.
Aoi: Even if it leads to an undesirable outcome, us spectators have no right to interfere.
Aoi: Don't you agree?
Shirase: ......
Shirase: ...Yeah, you're right.
Aoi: Let's watch this until the end. Only they can decide the future of FC.
Irina: Three minutes left... It's time.
Irina: Saki, are you ready?
Saki: Yes... I'm sorry I allowed her to take the lead.
Irina: You aren't to blame. Asuka Kurashina was far better than we expected. That said, the situation itself is still well within expectations.
Saki: ......
Irina: Let's crush their hopes and dreams.
Saki: ...Yes.
Irina: Only even the score. We need to force the match into overtime to grant them a taste of true despair.
Irina: After this, they will never think FC is fun again...
Saki: Yes, Irina.
Inui suddenly starts hugging her knees.
Masaya: ...What's she doing?
Asuka: Good question.
This is <i>really</i> weird.
Saki: ...Agravain, second phase.
Oh, it seems she was bending over to touch her shoes.
Saki: ...Here I come.
Inui announces her imminent action, then raises her arms over her head and leaps in a manner reminiscent of a backward dive.
And when she does, her shoes glow for a moment.
Asuka: Inui-san?
What the hell is happening?!
Asuka: Huh...?
Inui's moving like a fish swimming through water.
Asuka: Huh? What? Whaaat?!
She closes in on Asuka with wild, curving motions that are extremely fast and hard to predict.
Asuka: Oh no!
Asuka hurriedly dives to the side.
Saki: Hehe...
And a smile rises to Inui's face when she sees her getting all flustered.
Masaya: I see...
I'm sure these are the "strange movements" Aoi-san mentioned.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...!
It's clear from her face that Asuka's currently being ruled by her fear of the unknown.
Masaya: Wh-What... is... that?
Asuka: Wh-What is this?!
We fear what's going on in front of us without even knowing what it is.
Minori: Oh, uh, um...
Minori: Um, Inui's movements have become far more smooth and fluid, like that of a fish, thanks to the change in her Grav Shoe settings... That said, I have absolutely no idea what's going on.
Minori: A-Anyway, Kurashina, who had the advantage, is now in a bind! Can she escape?!
Asuka: Wh-What do I do, Masaya-san?!
Masaya: Speed! Use the Angelic Halo variant to get to the next buoy!
Asuka: O-Okay!
Asuka makes a run for fourth at top speed.
Saki: You stay.
However, Inui suddenly appears in front of her to block the path. What the hell, did she just teleport?!
Asuka: Ah... Oh no...!
It seems like Asuka's starting to lose hope.
Masaya: Don't give up, Asuka! Up! Fly upward!
Asuka: U-Upward, yeah...!
Asuka makes a desperate attempt to enter a climb, since that seems to be her only option at this point.
Saki: I won't let you.
Dammit, we can't shake her! She's like a bloodhound out there!
Inui easily blocks Asuka's path again.
Asuka: Eeeeeek!
No way... This is terrifying...
Asuka: Masaya-san, Masaya-san... Help... Please help!
No matter where she tries to go...
Asuka: Help!
No matter how much she struggles...
...Inui always intercepts her.
Saki: ...That's one.
Asuka: Ah...!
Saki: And now... we're even.
Asuka: Ah... Aaaaaah!
We had to work incredibly hard to get that two point lead.
But somehow, she's made it vanish in a single moment.
Masaya: This can't be happening...
All of a sudden, there seems to be an impossibly wide gap between them.
Masaya: How are we supposed to fight that?!
I glare at Inui as I gnash my teeth.
I know this won't change anything, but I'm finding it hard to keep my anger in check.
Asuka: Eek... N-Noooooo!
Saki: ......
Asuka's getting destroyed up there.
She's all alone, without any hope of getting help...
Masaya: She... isn't scoring more points?
Inui's toying with Asuka, but she makes no attempt to finish her off.
It almost feels like she's an alpha dog trying to assert dominance through fear.
Irina: Hinata-san...! Hinata-san! Can you hear me?
Masaya: Irina-san...?
Irina: Did you really think the Bird Cage was my only method of changing FC?
Masaya: So you're saying... these movements are part of your "true FC"?
Irina: Yes. Soon, FC will be centered around purging all unnecessary elements, so both these movements and my strategies will have a starring role.
Masaya: Then... why aren't you finishing her off?
Irina: This is the end of FC as we know it... so I want to celebrate the moment with a spectacular curtain call.
Irina: If they remain tied, we'll proceed to overtime... Just imagine watching Asuka get toyed with, unable to fight back, for five whole minutes... I'm sure it will make for something quite marvelous.
Masaya: That's... despicable!
Irina: You can just stand there and watch as your precious FC burns to the ground!
Irina: And then, my true FC will rise from the ashes!
Masaya: Ugh... Goddammit!
Just like Irina-san said, Inui keeps toying around with Asuka the whole time.
Minori: That's time! And the score is even, which means we'll be entering overtime for the first time in this tournament's history! The match will resume after a short ten minute break.
Minori: Who will emerge the victor?! Will it be Kurashina, who gained the early advantage and led for the majority of the match?! Or will it be Inui, who miraculously clawed her way back in the final stretch?! Stay in your seats because you won't want to miss the exciting conclusion!
Misaki: What... was that?
Misaki's voice is shaky.
Everyone's taken aback by Inui's outlandish display.
Mashiro: A fish...? Or bird...?
Madoka: Inui-san <i>is</i> wearing Grav Shoes, right?
Satouin: I have no idea. President, can you explain?
Shindou: Does the look on my face suggest I know something?
Satouin: ...I'm sorry.
Aoi: It's the second form of her Agravains.
Mashiro: Agravains... That's the model Inui-san uses, right?
Misaki: What's the second form?
Aoi: It's an entirely new concept that ignores conventional settings like Speeder and Fighter.
Rika: I've never heard of anything like that...
Aoi: Of course you haven't. They're still under development in Europe, so that isn't public knowledge.
Madoka: Shouldn't she be disqualified for using them?
Aoi: No. Their specs are in line with the rules. Basically, that second form is just a change in tuning.
Misaki: Oh, then let's just do the same to Asuka's shoes.
Aoi: We can't just try to copy them on a whim. None of us know the exact settings, so for all we know, Asuka could just lose control in the middle of the match. They've spent years researching and developing this technology, remember?
Aoi: Agravains or not, I doubt anyone else can replicate her playstyle.
Shindou: There's nothing we can do, huh?
Aoi: That's not for us to decide... right, Masaya?
Masaya: ...Yeah. I won't give up.
There's no way I'll throw in the towel when we've worked so hard to get here.
Aoi: Good... Unfortunately, you have no way to counter her right now.
Masaya: Say, Ms. Kagami, do you mind sharing that crazy idea you mentioned yesterday?
Aoi: I told you to forget I ever said anything...
Masaya: I know. I don't want to force it out of you, but it's the only chance we have.
Aoi: ...Listen, Masaya, this isn't worth the risk.
Aoi: People often claim that a one percent chance to succeed is more than good enough, but that's idiotic. You can't just ignore the 99 other scenarios where you fail.
Aoi: As your teacher, I refuse to let you bet everything on a miracle, Masaya. You'll have a better shot at winning if you just fight them head-on.
Masaya: Damn, I get that, but still...
I look over to Asuka, who's still rooted to the spot.
Asuka: ......
We were in the lead for the longest time, so I'm not surprised she's shocked by this turn of events.
Still, we need to come up with a plan. If we head into overtime like this, we're doomed.
And that goes for our FC as well. If we do nothing here, she'll destroy the FC we know and love once and for all.
There's no way I can send this girl who loves flying into that hell empty-handed.
Masaya: I won't send her out there without a solid plan.
Aoi: ......
Masaya: I will protect Asuka. I will find a way...!
I have to!
Aoi: ...I'll give you a hint, Masaya.
Masaya: A hint?
Aoi: Listen to what your friends, the people who fought alongside you this whole time, are saying.
Aoi: There's no surefire way for you to win, but if you do, I'm sure you'll discover the same idea I did.
Masaya: Ms. Kagami...
Aoi: Alright... I'll leave you to it, then.
Aoi-san turns and leaves right after she says that.
Only us students are left.
Masaya: (Listen to what my friends have been saying...? What's that supposed to mean?)
Is she talking about something they mentioned during our practice sessions?
What could it be...?
Misaki: I wonder what she means... Masaya and Asuka have tried everything already, right?
Shindou: We had three versus one matches, and she even mastered the polygon attack chain.
Mashiro: Plus, they even adapted Ms. Kagami's taboo special move.
Shion: You think she means my need for speed is the answer?
Satouin: I highly doubt that... At any rate, it seems like we've exhausted every possible option.
Masaya: Hm...
What was Aoi-san trying to say?
Think. I need to think...
There has to be something I'm missing...
Madoka: It can't end like this. That'd be <i>way</i> too depressing...
Mashiro: I wish I could've done more to help...
Madoka: You've done a lot, Mashirocchi. Like, everyone learned the importance of proper maintenance thanks to you!
Mashiro: Oh, <i>come on!</i> I stopped making that mistake ages ago!
Misaki: Yeah right. You were space dancing pretty recently.
Mashiro: What?! Et tu, Misaki-senpai?!
Mashiro: It's not my fault, okay...? It's easy to forget about turning the balancer back on...
Masaya: ...Huh?
I stand up.
Masaya: Hold on... Repeat that, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Well, you know, if even Misaki-senpai is making fun of me, I have no reason to live.
Masaya: This isn't the time for your jokes! Just repeat yourself!
Mashiro: U-Um, it's easy to forget about turning the balancer back on...?
Masaya: Ah...!
I run over to Asuka.
Masaya: Asuka... Asuka!
Asuka: Oh, Masaya-san...
Asuka forces a smile onto her face.
Asuka: I'm sorry, Masaya-san. I wanted to show everyone how fun FC can be, but I can't even smile right now...
Masaya: ...It's not your fault, okay? Don't let it get to you.
Asuka: No, that's not all, I...
Masaya: Hm...?
Asuka: ...I left Inui-san all alone up there.
Asuka: I told myself I wanted to enjoy our time in the sky together, but I started getting scared of her instead...
Asuka: I'm a bad person, aren't I? I know you're relying on me, but I'm just cowering in a corner...
Masaya: Asuka...!
Announcer: Overtime will start in one minute. Asuka Kurashina and Saki Inui must make their way over to the first immediately.
We don't have much time.
And so, I'm left with no other choice.
Masaya: Asuka, do you want to go up there and fly alongside Inui?
Asuka: I do, but I can't keep up with her...
Masaya: You can.
Asuka: ...Huh?
Masaya: And when you do, I'm sure you'll show Inui how fun flying really is as you soar higher and farther than anyone else.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Masaya: Hand me your shoes...
Minori: The time has finally come! Our two finalists, Saki Inui and Asuka Kurashina, shall clash once more!
Minori: Now, allow me to go over the rules that apply to overtime. This will be a five minute match, and the player with the most points at the end wins. In the event of a tie, the battle continues and the first to score will be crowned champion!
Minori: Skywalkers, please proceed to the starting point.
Inui and Asuka line up beside each other.
Irina: Oh my, you didn't run away. I suppose I should commend your courage.
Masaya: ......
Irina: No response? Hehehe... Well, I can understand why you're not in the mood to talk.
Irina: Feel free to save your breath for when you have to wail in grief.
Saki: ...I'll go all out right from the start.
Saki: ...I won't show you any mercy.
Asuka: ......
Saki: You're upset...? What am I saying, of course you are.
Saki: That's why I said... we can't be friends.
Asuka: ...No, I'm not upset. Actually, I feel bad about how I reacted earlier.
Saki: Huh...?
Asuka: I won't leave you alone again. I'll come join you in the sky.
Saki: What are you saying...?
Asuka: I'll fly alongside you, and then we'll become friends.
Irina: What?!
Saki: Ah...!
Contrails start shooting out right at the starting line.
They're being formed at unimaginable speeds, and are completely different from how they were during regulation.
Masaya: Okay, you're off to a good start, Asu--
Shit!
Asuka: Eeek!
She seemed to be doing fine, but Asuka suddenly loses her balance and plummets into the water.
And after that happens, waves flow in every direction as a fog begins to shroud the water's surface.
The white screen, which looks a lot like smoke from a fire, spreads out from Asuka's point of impact.
Masaya: Asuka! Are you alright?!
Man, maybe this is a bad idea. It's almost impossible for a person to keep their balance in this state...
Irina: Well, I was startled for a moment there, but it seems like her Grav Shoes merely malfunctioned.
Saki: ...Wrong.
Irina: Huh...?
Saki: That's...!
Irina: Light is flowing out... from her Grav Shoes?!
Saki: So... huge...
Asuka: I'm fine, Masaya-san...
Asuka: In fact, I'm feeling better than ever!
Masaya: Good... Now, let's show them what we've got!
Asuka: Sounds good!
Asuka says that, then launches herself off the water's surface. Her explosive start makes even more massive waves roll out from all around her.
Saki: She's so fast...!
Irina: No way... This can't be!
After a moment, she quickly overtakes Inui, who's been flying way ahead of her toward second.
Asuka: I can't believe it... These shoes are amazing!
Asuka: I never knew they had this much hidden potential left!
Asuka's body twists and turns as it advances in zigzags.
In this moment, she's free of gravity, inertia, and everything else...
Asuka's truly become one with the sky.
Asuka: This is so fuuuuuun!
Asuka's the picture of happiness as she reaches second.
She made that look almost too easy.
Irina: I can't believe it... Normal Grav Shoes aren't anywhere near good enough to match the Agravains in their second form...
Masaya: ...Yeah, you're right.
Irina: And yet you made it possible... How exactly did you modify those shoes?! What did you do?!
Masaya: Nothing, really.
Irina: You're lying! There's no way that's true!
Masaya: But it is... I haven't done anything special. That's my answer.
Irina: ...Huh?
Misaki: Whoa, there are two fish swimming through the sky...
Mashiro: It really does look like that, right?
Madoka: How nice... That looks fun.
Misaki: Man, who would've thought cutting the balancer would take Asuka to the next level.
Mashiro: Yeah, I doubt anyone would think restoring the Grav Shoes' default settings is the right answer.
Madoka: In a way, you're our hero, Mashirocchi.
Rika: Shindou-senpai.
Shindou: What is it?
Rika: I just want to confirm something... It wouldn't work the same for us if we followed in her footsteps, right?
Shindou: Well, Ichinose-kun, do you think you could swim like a fish when thrown into water for the first time?
Rika: I knew this was insane...
Shindou: I've never heard of anyone seriously flying with their balancer switched off. That's usually reserved for things like tests of courage.
Shion: Yeah, same.
Shindou: And yet, they're trying it for the first time in the final match of a major tournament... It's only natural that Ms. Kagami was against it.
Satouin: What in the world is happening there before our eyes?
Shindou: ...A good question. I don't know what to say, but I can at least tell that this is no longer the FC we're used to.
Misaki: It's not the FC we know...
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai's doing something that crazy...
Shirase: Oh, it's me, hi. So, the thing is, there's a girl flying with the balancer off in the grand finals over here.
Shirase: No, I'm serious. Listen, you need to issue warnings to keep kids from trying this at ho--
Shirase: Hello? Hellooo?! Damn it, my signal's bad!
Shirase: ...Man, this is nuts.
Shirase: You know, this might end up changing FC in a different way, Aoi.
Aoi: ...There's nothing wrong with that.
Aoi: Masaya and I aren't fundamentalists. As long as it's fun, it's cool.
Aoi: I guess things are going to get a lot busier from here on out.
Aoi: People will free themselves from the restrictions of balancers, and we'll see the dawn of a new FC.
Aoi: It'll be an era where every single person seeks out the true joy of flying.
Asuka: Got it!
Asuka just sped down the second line like a wriggling fish and effortlessly claimed third.
Irina: Saki... can't even compete...?
Irina: No way... This can't be happening!
Asuka isn't following my instructions at all at this point.
Instead, she's just trying out whatever feels the most fun.
Saki: ......
And her opponent is just watching her.
She seems confused by the sight, but also quite entranced.
Asuka: Saki-chan!
Asuka suddenly shouts out her name.
For whatever reason, she's just waiting by third as she beckons her over.
Asuka: What's wrong? Hurry up and join me, Saki-chan!
Saki: Ah...!
Asuka: This is the most fun thing in the world! Right now, we're flying more freely than anyone else ever has!
Saki: ......
Asuka: Let's enjoy it together!
Saki: Ugh...!
Saki: Okay...!
Irina: S-Saki...?!
Irina: Wh-What are you doing, Saki?
Saki: I'll... be right over!
Irina: Saki...!
Madoka: I know this might sound crazy, but...
Mashiro: What?
Madoka: ...I can't help but think they're having a ball up there.
Rika: Yeah...
Misaki: Yeah, I know what you mean. That looks <i>super</i> fun!
Shindou: They were fighting to keep the current, fun FC from changing, but in the process, they changed it in a different way, huh?
Shindou: It's more fun than ever now. How very fitting.
Asuka: Come on, over here!
Saki: I... I won't lose!
Asuka: Eek! You got me!
Asuka: Alright, then how about this?!
Saki: Eek!
Asuka: Ahaha! Hahaha...!
Right now, they sound just like a pair of kids who are splashing each other with water at the beach.
Inui... no, Saki and Asuka's battle is frighteningly innocent, yet also extremely advanced.
Asuka: All riiight, can you keep up?
Asuka starts flying about in random directions, and eventually, her flight path forms a sphere of sorts.
Saki: I'll follow you... anywhere!
Saki, in turn, simply chases after her back.
The two girls form a colorful ball as their contrails mix and mingle in the sky.
Misaki: Whoa, what the hell is that?
Mashiro: It's like there's a ball floating in the sky...
By this point, Asuka's red and Saki's green have blended together.
And the mixture of those two colors has created a majestic yellow sphere that shines like the sun.
Minori: Uh, what...? What in the world... is that?
Hosaka mutters into the mic in an utterly dumbfounded voice.
It doesn't seem like anyone can understand what's happening.
Shirase: Is this...
Shirase: It's an evolved form of the Angelic Halo, isn't it?
Aoi: No, this isn't a simple FC maneuver. Plus, even if it was, you shouldn't lump it in with that thing.
Shirase: Aoi...
Aoi: The Angelic Halo was designed to lock up and dominate an opponent in a one-sided fashion.
Aoi: But this is completely different... It represents the future of FC. They're surpassing the idea of simply competing with each other and showing us something completely new.
Aoi: It feels like a huge weight has finally been lifted off my shoulders...
Shirase: That's great...
Shirase: I'm glad you're free... It's been so long since you pulled away from FC.
Aoi: I wonder what Masaya's thinking right now...
Masaya: Wow...
What else can I say?
This is nothing like the FC I know.
But that doesn't mean I'm frustrated or sad like when I watched the summer tournament grand finals...
Masaya: Actually...
...I can hardly contain my excitement.
I tightly grip the hem of my shirt to help keep my cool.
Irina: How... hideous.
Irina: They're single-mindedly chasing after each other to the point where they've created a ball of their contrails... That's so...
Masaya: Hm?
Irina: ......
Irina: ...It's so very exciting.
Masaya: Right...
I nod, then turn back to the sky.
There, I see the two of them chasing after each others' backs with smiles on their faces.
They've built a paradise of their own up there, in a space no one else can reach.
Irina: Sister... Is this what you were trying to tell me?
Irina's words are drowned out by the wind that comes blowing in from the east.
For a while, I thought this spectacle that was free from all ambitions, rules, and burdens would last forever.
However, every banquet must eventually come to an end.
They're currently tied at 9:9.
Their fun game of cat and mouse, which is a first of its kind, has failed to show who the better Skywalker is yet.
Minori: Oh... Um...
Minori: Th-This match has taken such a surprising turn that I forgot to keep commentating!
Minori: Both players are now tied at 9:9 with one minute of overtime remaining!
Minori: After this one minute, the player who scores first will be the winner!
Minori: Which player will come out on top in this otherworldly match?! We will soon find out!
Hosaka's announcement reminds everyone that the match will end soon.
Asuka stops moving and positions herself before Saki.
Asuka: Haaah... Only a minute left, huh? Time flew by...
Inui has likewise stopped in front of Asuka.
Saki: ...Asuka Kurashina.
Asuka: Just Asuka is fine, Saki-chan.
Saki: Okay... Asuka.
Asuka: What is it?
I wonder what she wants...
Saki: ...Asuka, there is someone who is very dear to me.
She firmly grasps her braid as she says that.
Saki: I want to win this match for her.
Saki: She's the only one who supported me when I could barely speak any English and communicate with people.
Saki: She's the one who granted me, who only ever wanted to fly, such wonderful wings...
Saki's eyes are fixated on her braid.
I can't really tell why.
But I assume it has something to do with a memory those two share.
Saki: Thank you, Irina.
Irina: Saki...!
Saki: I'll give this match everything I have for her sake.... I'm going to defeat you, Asuka.
Asuka: ...I understand.
Asuka: I also have someone very dear to me.
Asuka: ...And I'm going to win for him!
Asuka: Haaah... This is the end, so it's a good time as any.
Asuka places her hand on her hair clip.
Then, she closes her eyes and starts to pray.
Asuka: I'm finally going to use the one free wish I've treasured for so long...
Asuka: I want to win. And not only for myself, but Masaya-san as well... Please, lend me your strength.
I have no idea where she is now, but...
I also send out a silent prayer to the girl who's Asuka's inspiration.
Masaya: It's gonna be fine, Asuka.
Asuka: Masaya-san...?
Masaya: She promised to come help when you wish on that hair clip, right?
Asuka: Yes... That's right.
Masaya: Well, that means you've got nothing to worry about. Remember, you're not alone up there.
Masaya: You, me, and her... There are three of us up there. And when we're together, nobody can stand in our way.
Asuka: ......
Asuka: ...Right!
Asuka: Masaya-san, I'm ready.
Masaya: Okay... Let's do this!
Asuka: Yeah!
Asuka and Saki face each other.
Amidst this incredibly tense atmosphere, Asuka, Saki, Irina, and I are all filled with a sense of exhilaration.
This isn't really about winning or losing anymore. We just want to feel the sense of fulfillment that comes with accomplishing our goals.
Now, we have to throw these emotions at each other and see who comes out on top.
Irina: Go!
Saki: ...Okay!
Masaya: Hurry!
Asuka: Roger!
Our words and emotions intertwine and intersect.
Within the sphere of light, everything collides in this violent genesis of our new FC world.
Saki: Ah...!
Asuka: Haaah...!
Their showdown ends in mere moments.
Asuka dodges Saki, who comes in from above, with a backflip.
Having had anticipated that, Saki gives chase, but Asuka proceeds to twist her body to shift her flight path by 45 degrees.
That's...!
It's the move I showed her just once!
Saki: I can't believe she dodged that...
Asuka: Got you, Saki-chan!
Saki: Ugh...!
We did it...
Our long battle has finally come to an end.
Irina: That final move... It used to be a specialty of yours back when you were still competing...
Irina: I see...
Irina: We... I never once came close to surpassing you.
Irina: I have lost...
Minori: Point for Asuka Kurashinaaaaaaaaa!
Thunderous applause erupts from the crowd after that.
Misaki: She did iiiiiiiiit!
Mashiro: She won! She won! Asuka-senpai won!
Shion: Oooh, oooh, oooooooooooooooh...! Congrats, Kurashina!
Madoka: Yaaaaaaaaay! Asuka-chaaan! I'm so happy for youuu!
Satouin: Asuka Kurashina is quite remarkable. What an unbelievable outcome...
Rika: Yeah, she was amazing... Wait, huh? Shindou-senpai, you're leaving already? What about the awards ceremony?
Shindou: Watching those two has me feeling a bit frustrated...
Rika: Huh...?
Shindou: I'm heading over to practice at Takafuji.
Satouin: I-I shall assist you, President!
Rika: Y-Yeah, me too...!
Shindou: Haha! I appreciate it.
Shindou: ...Hinata-kun.
Shindou: You're up next. I will be... waiting for you.
Announcer: It's time to award the trophy. The winner of this year's fall tournament is Asuka Kurashina, a sophomore from Kunahama Academy.
Shirase: Oh, there she is. Wow, Asuka seems more nervous than before the match... Damn, she almost dropped the trophy. Is she okay?
Aoi: Congrats, Kurashina... And you as well, Masaya.
Shirase: Why not tell them directly?
Aoi: It's embarrassing. Plus, it's not really my style.
Aoi: Besides, I've got a ton of work on my plate because of that crazy match.
Shirase: Same here. My phone's been ringing nonstop. Asuka-chan'll probably end up an international sensation after that match.
Aoi: Knowing her, she probably couldn't care less about that.
Shirase: ...True.
Aoi: Enough talking, let's go. We're the adults here, so it's our job to go take care of all the problems so those kids can fly freely.
Shirase: Right, you can count on me.
Asuka: Masaya-san!
Masaya: Whoa...!
Asuka leaps into my arms as soon as the ceremony ends.
Asuka: Did you see what I did at the end? Did you see it?!
Masaya: Of course. You did great up there. I can't believe you pulled it off after only seeing it once...
Asuka: Thanks...!
Asuka: My backflip and your move...
Masaya: Yeah, they became one at the perfect moment.
She used every single thing she knew in that battle.
Asuka's simply incredible.
Irina: Hinata-san.
Masaya: ...Irina-san.
Saki and Irina walk over to us.
Irina: That was a brilliant display. There was nothing we could do to counter your plan at that point.
Masaya: It was purely luck. We just went with our last resort because we got desperate.
Flying with the balancer off was the dumbest idea imaginable.
It was more like a gamble than a plan.
I bet on Asuka pulling off a miracle, and she came through. Nothing more, nothing less.
Irina: Still, you emerged victorious in the end.
Irina: I was obsessed with strategy and technology, but you used your trust in each other to defeat us.
Irina: ...That is what made the difference.
Masaya: You're probably right.
Our trust never wavered, and it never will.
That's the leg up we have over everyone else.
Irina: However, at the end of the day, my feelings about FC haven't changed.
Irina: One day... I will show you true FC.
Masaya: Bring it on.
Irina: However...
A smile forms on Irina's face.
Irina: ...I feel like I've finally started to understand why you're so obsessed with the idea of FC being fun.
Irina: So next time, we'll face you with something different.
Irina: Isn't that right, Saki?
Saki: ...Mhm.
Irina: Well then, we shall take our leave. Excuse us.
Irina and Saki turn their backs to us.
And when I look past them, I see their helicopter nearby.
It's kicking up sand as they walk toward it, getting further and further away from us.
Asuka: Saki-chan!
Asuka stops Saki.
Saki: ...Huh?!
Asuka: Let's do what we talked about earlier tomorrow!
Saki: T-Tomorrow...?!
Asuka: I told you I wanted to be friends, right?
Saki: Huh...? B-But, um, I have practice...
Irina: Saki.
Saki: Irina... Can I?
Irina: Yes, of course.
Saki: Ah...!
Saki: Okay... I'll come to pick you up...!
Asuka: It's a promise!
This time, they actually leave.
Their helicopter takes off and disappears into the horizon.
However, I feel a lot better about that right now.
We've shared the same sky, so I no longer feel this sense of dread when I see or hear them.
Asuka: They're gone...
Masaya: Yeah...
Asuka: By the way, Masaya-san.
Asuka turns to face me as she says that.
Asuka: Do you still remember our promise?
Masaya: ...Yeah, of course.
She's talking about the promise we made during our first night together.
We decided to share our hidden desires after the tournament.
I have something I want to say to her, and she's in the same boat.
Asuka: How should we do this? Do we talk at the same time?
Masaya: Yeah, let's do it on three.
Asuka: Okay. Here goes nothing! One, two, three!
Asuka counts up, then...

Asuka/Masaya: Huh...?!<T 0>\nAh...!
Asuka: Have a match with me!
Masaya: Have a match with me!
Asuka: Huh...?!
Masaya: Ah...!
No way... This is crazy...
We stare at each other for a bit, then burst out into laughter.
Asuka: Haha! Ahahaha, we wanted the same thing!
Masaya: Hahaha! Well, I didn't expect that!
After we tire ourselves out from laughing, we face each other once more.

Asuka: Okay... How about next Saturday?
Masaya: Sounds good. As for the place... Well, let's just meet up in the sky!
Asuka: Yes...!
I can't wait...
Misaki: Asukaaaaaa, congraaaaaats!
Misaki suddenly dashes over to us and glomps Asuka.
Asuka: Wh-Whoa, Misaki-chan!
Mashiro: Congratulations, Asuka-senpai!
Madoka: Waaah... Asuka-chaaan, my tears won't stop flowing!
Shion: Ohhhhhhhhh! Same here, Kurashina!
Asuka: Mashiro-chan, Madoka-chan, Prez...!
Misaki: Aight, our next stop is the nationals.
Mashiro: Why don't we take a break first?
Misaki: 'Cause I bet Asuka wants to get back to flying right away.
Asuka: That's right. I can't wait!
Misaki: Knew it.
Mashiro: I guess Asuka-senpai's secret weapon really is her love for FC.
Shion: Yeah... You know, now that all the stress is gone, I'm <i>really</i> hungry.
Mashiro: Oh, same here.
Asuka: I'm also hungry!
Misaki: Aight, let's get this party started!
Mashiro: Mom said we can have the whole restaurant for the day!
Madoka: Waaah... Udon... Udooon!
Misaki: Madokaaa! Stick to either crying <i>or</i> talking!
Masaya: All three of you did great out there.
Our win finally sinks in when I see the beaming smiles on everyone's faces.
As a whole, the Kunahama FC Club did amazing at the fall tournament.
Mashiro reached the second round.
Misaki reached the third round.
And Asuka reached the grand finals, then brought home the gold.
The curtain has finally fallen on our long, hard journey to the fall tournament.
Masaya: She should be here soon...
I check my watch and notice it's almost time.
We could've just met up at Asuka's place, but...
Masaya: Wouldn't wanna give too much away before our match...
Asuka: Hehe. I knew it!
Asuka walks up to me as she gives me that reply. Guess she overheard me.
Masaya: Good morning, Asuka.
Asuka: Good morning, Masaya-kun.
Asuka: You have some new Grav Shoes, right?
Masaya: Yeah. Hien type 1. I asked for a bunch of customizations, so I was worried they wouldn't get here in time.
After I say that, I do a quick spin on the spot.
Masaya: But as you can see, I'm good to go. Shirase-san never disappoints.
Asuka: Grav Shoes really do look great on you...
Masaya: You think?
Asuka: Yes, you look cool... Really, <i>really</i> cool.
Asuka's face turns grave soon after.
Asuka: Well then... is it time to fulfill our promise?
Masaya: Yep. We'll go for 20 minutes, dogfights only.
Asuka: There's no fixed field, and the one who has the most points at the end wins.
Masaya: It'll be our very own grand finals.
Asuka: Yes, let's begin... Master!
Masaya: Th-That's kinda throwing me for a loop...
Asuka: Oh, okay... I'll just stick to what I usually use.
Asuka: Ahem...
Asuka: Let's begin, Coach!
Masaya: Yeah, let's go!
Shirase: ...They're starting now, huh?
Aoi: Yeah, sure seems like it.
Shirase: I can't believe he's flying with the balancer off from the get-go... Masaya's one reckless idiot.
Aoi: I guess he doesn't want to be outdone by Kurashina... Then again, I doubt either of them care about winning or losing this match.
Shirase: Right.
Aoi: Alright... I'll be on my way.
Shirase: Wait, what? Aren't you going to watch this?
Aoi: Like I said, the outcome is irrelevant. I just want to hear their thoughts after the fact...
Aoi: ...I'll have them tell me all about it overseas.
Shirase: Huh? Hold on, you don't mean...?
Aoi: I submitted a leave of absence request already. Given my age, I don't have much time left, so I'll have to work myself to the bone.
Aoi: So yeah, take care of all the prep for me, Hayato.
Shirase: Wh-What are you talking about?! Isn't this a bit sudden?!
Shirase: I mean, what am I supposed to do about my store? I can't just shut it down for a few years!
Aoi: Can't Minamo hold down the fort? Or wait, maybe you can leave it in Aoyagi's hands.
Shirase: Quit acting like it's no big deal! Heeey! Wait!
Asuka: Masaya-kun!
Masaya: What is it, Asuka? Do you surrender?
Asuka: No, that's not it...
Asuka: I'm having so much fun right now!
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Mhm... Glad to hear it.
Masaya: I'm also having a ball!
Asuka: Great!
The morning sun is getting brighter, which makes Asuka's face glisten.
This brings me back to the very first time I flew alongside Asuka.
Back then, I was looking up at the sky, but my feelings were a lot more pessimistic.
I thought I had said farewell for good. I thought I would never truly soar through the sky again.
But I'm different now. Everything has changed.
And I'm glad.
Masaya: I love you, Asuka!
I shout those words into the clear blue sky.
My voice is loud and firm. It couldn't be more different from the day I quit FC.
Asuka: I love you too. Soaring through the sky I love by your side...
Asuka: ...fills my heart with joy!
Minori: I'm reporting live from the Flying Circus World Championship in Long Beach, New York!
Minori: I have to say, America is quite an amazing place. I'm getting overwhelmed by all the sights!
Misaki: Oh wow, she's over in America.
Mashiro: Apparently she tricked some bigshot producer. Told them she was a famous reporter in Japan who's known for her beauty.
Madoka: That's <i>crazy.</i> I can't believe that was enough to get them to pay for her travel expenses.
Minori: We have ten minutes before the start of the match, so let's take this chance to get to know our competitors a little better!
Misaki: Guess we'll finally get to see Masaya and Asuka.
Mashiro: I can't wait to hear what they have to say.
Madoka: ...I've got a bad feeling about this.
Masaya: Hey, Asuka, it's almost time.
Asuka: Comiiing!
Masaya: I see you're full of energy.
Asuka: Of course I am! I had a <i>huge</i> dinner last night!
Asuka: You went to bed pretty early, didn't you?
Masaya: Yeah... I think the jet lag got to me.
Asuka: I see... Oh, I know how to fix that...
Asuka walks right up to me after saying that.
Asuka: Mmmph...
Masaya: Whoa...
She just gave me a kiss on the cheek.
Asuka: How was that...? Did it help?
Masaya: You know...
Asuka: Yes?
Masaya: You're getting more bold by the day...
Asuka: Th-Th-Th-Th-That's not...
Asuka: That's not true... I think.
Masaya: So you <i>do</i> know you're changing.
Masaya: Huh...? Who's that?
Asuka: Ms. Kagami, maybe?
Masaya: She's already at the ref's post. Said she wanted to talk to the other player about... Oh!
Asuka: Huh? Are you sure it's fine to ignore that call?
Masaya: ...Yeah, it was just the usual call from <i>her.</i>
Asuka: Oh... Haha, I see.
Masaya: Anyway, that aside, are you ready, Asuka?
Asuka: I got a <i>really</i> tough opponent right in the first round, huh?
Masaya: America's representative, Palin... Goes without saying, but he's playing with his balancer off.
Asuka: It's going to be alright... I even made sure to pray earlier.
Masaya: Oh, you brought that Mr. Robot you talked about?
Asuka: Yeah... And I made sure no one saw it.
Masaya: Why don't you show it to me?
Asuka: N-No, I can't! It's embarrassing...
Masaya: Come on, what's the big deal? Show me.
Asuka: Hm... Okay, maybe just for a bit...
Masaya: Nice. Well, let's just do it after the World Championship.
Masaya: Okay, we need to get going.
Asuka: Roger!
Masaya: Whoa, wh-what's this?!
Asuka: A television crew?
Minori: Okay, it's time to put our Japan representatives on the hot seat!
Asuka: Whoa, M-Minori-chan?!
Masaya: What are <i>you</i> doing here?
Minori: Hehe... I go wherever my journalist spirit takes me, even it means crossing oceans!
Minori: So, let's start off with a question for you, Asuka Kurashina! What makes you and Hinata-san such a great team? Is it because of mutual feelings of trust?
Asuka: Yes, of course!
Minori: And do those feelings extend to love?!
Asuka: Y-Yes... That's right, I love him very... Eek!
Masaya: Why are you answering that question, Asuka? And you, Hosaka, should just stop. Quit trying to pry.
Minori: Hehe... Sorry, I couldn't reign in my curiosity.
Masaya: This is supposed to be a FC focused interview, remember? Let's start from the top with more professional questions, okay?
Minori: U-Um, Hinata-san...
Masaya: What?
Minori: This is a live broadcast.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...You serious?
Minori: Absolutely.
Masaya: Does that mean people in Japan can see this?
Minori: Yes! It's Television Nagasaki's first time broadcasting an FC event.
Masaya: Oh... Ah... Uhhh...
Asuka: M-Masaya-kun...?
Masaya: Uh... Craaaaaap!
Minori: W-Whoa, Hinata-san, calm down! Wait, cameraman! Quick, film the sky. The sky, I said!
Misaki: ...What an epic fail.
Mashiro: ...Oh boy.
Madoka: ...Kunahama's gonna be the laughingstock of Nagasaki.
Misaki: Is it a single channel network?
Mashiro: No, all of Kyushu's channels belong to them.
Madoka: Haha, yeah, cool... If anyone asks, I don't know them.
Misaki: Ahaha, well, I'm just glad they're happy...
Mashiro: Right... Ahahahaha...
Madoka: Wow, look at how stiff their smiles are...
Irina: Hm, he just isn't picking up his phone.
Saki: Masaya Hinata?
Irina: Yes. I keep asking him to make a comeback, but...
Irina: Well, he isn't responding at all.
Saki: ...I feel like your method is the problem.
Irina: Do you now? Still, I feel a forceful approach is the right option.
Saki: Hehe...
Irina: You're smiling quite a lot these days.
Saki: Huh...?
Irina: It's all thanks to Asuka-san... right?
Saki: ...Mhm.
Irina: The first round should start any minute now.
Saki: I wish her the best...
Irina: As do I. I can't wait to see how she develops. It may not be long before she's made a name for herself internationally.
Saki: Mhm...
Irina: Asuka Kurashina is quite an odd Skywalker...
Irina: Her opponents don't seem to mind losing to her. Instead, all it does is excite them. They want to play against her more.
Irina: It's a very strange, <i>extremely</i> exhilarating phenomenon.
Saki: Mhm... mhm...
Irina: Alright, let's get back to practice. We must defeat those two in the next tournament.
Irina: Ready, Saki?
Saki: Yes, Irina.
Saki: ...FLY!
Positions, feelings, and the times change.
However, no matter where you are in the world, the sky always remains the same.
When you look up, it's always there waiting for you, looking the same as ever.
Masaya: Okay, Asuka, we're pulling out all the stops right away!
Asuka: Roger, Masaya-kun!
And that's why I want to travel as far as I can alongside the person who believes in me.
I want to reach the very end of this blue sky together.
★: Asuka Route -- End.
Misaki: Uggghhh!
I call out to Misaki as she runs along the beach.
Masaya: Lift your knees up higher, you're losing speed.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah...!
Misaki pants harder as she raises her knees and accelerates.
Masaya: Don't give up, you're almost there! You've got this in the bag!
Misaki finally arrives at the finish line I've marked in the sand.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
She staggers to a halt, throwing her head back to stare up at the sky as she gasps for air.
Masaya: Don't stop, you need to keep moving. Otherwise, the lactic acid will build up in your muscles. It may be hard, but I need you to do a light jog back to the start position.
Lactic acid builds up in muscles as you exercise, which is what makes you feel fatigued. It stops being produced when you finish, but it also takes longer to drain from your muscles, which can leave a person more tired in the long run.
Light movement helps it drain without building up an excess, so any decent training program will include a cooldown period.
However...
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
While it's easier on your muscles, it's harder on your lungs. When it comes to pain, it's far harder to endure the feeling that your lungs are about to explode.
Masaya: I know you want to stop to catch your breath, but it's best for your muscles that you keep moving.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Mmm! What's with this hellish warm up routine? Why aren't we jumping straight into the flying?
Masaya: You thought this was a warm up? You're not doing any flying today.
Misaki: Huh? Come again? I'm not flying? But flying is fun! That's the whole reason I play FC!
Masaya: You're not flying today, and you're not flying tomorrow. Hell, you probably won't even fly the day after.
Misaki: You monster! I can't believe you'd bully me so bad I'd feel sick!
Masaya: This isn't bullying.
Misaki: I'm being bullied mentally and physically, but I'm not having any fun!
Masaya: Well, no shit.
Misaki: Mmm, I mean, y'know, everyone's different.
Masaya: Don't just assume I'll get what you mean. If you're gonna be sick, then do it while running.
Misaki: You actually just told me to throw up while exercising!
Masaya: Quit complaining and get back to running already. If you can keep mouthing running, you're not gonna be sick.
I would actually stop practice if I thought she was going to be sick, mind you.
Misaki: Ughhhhhh! I quit! I can't take this!
Masaya: As if I'd let you! I thought you were ready for the pain?!
Misaki: You never said that included running!
Masaya: Well, that was dumb. Every sport uses running.
Misaki: Even thumb wrestling? Do they run to warm up for that?
Masaya: Feel free to name as many exceptions as you like, you're still gonna run.
Misaki: Ugh, this is too much. Ah... You're a monster, Masaya! Somebody, save me! There's a monster trying to eat me!
I grab her hand and start dragging her at a light jog back toward the starting position.
Masaya: Get running, unless you want your muscles to hurt even worse.
Misaki: There are more important things to do! I haven't flown in days already. I need to slip on my Grav Shoes and get back in my groove--
Masaya: Not happening.
Misaki: Why? Everyone else gets to train at Takafuji, where they have proper equipment, but I'm stuck running in the sand.
Masaya: The sand is more than enough for you, Misaki. You can even use it as a toilet when you need to.
Misaki: I'm not a cat! God! What's the point of FC if you don't get to fly?!
Masaya: Quit being so impatient.
Misaki: I was <i>born</i> impatient! Is this to train my willpower or something?! Are you trying to break me down like they do in the army to--
Masaya: You've got the wrong idea. I'm not here to break you down.
Misaki: Then what--
Masaya: What'll you do?
Misaki: Huh?
Masaya: What'll you do if you face Asuka in a match?
Misaki: Are we talking about my mental state here?
Masaya: We're talking about your body.
Misaki: My body? Like, how sexy I am?
Masaya: You know as well as I do that this isn't the time to discuss your looks.
Misaki: I can tell you have trouble figuring out where to look, is all.
Masaya: You can stop fantasizing while you're at it. I'm your coach, and you're my player. It doesn't matter how sexy you are, I won't have any trouble looking at you.
Misaki: How <i>manly</i> of you. What about if I was naked?
Masaya: Wouldn't bother me. I can switch myself off at times like this.
When girls are in P.E., their sweat makes their bras stand out through their shirts, but I can put my hand on my heart and say that's never gotten a rise out of me.
These things are all about your state of mind.
Though, if I somehow accidentally peeked on girls changing, then I might find my switch being flipped without meaning to.
I was <i>so</i> close to seeing Misaki's tits back then...
Misaki peers at me with an odd look on her face.
Misaki: Hm? You imagining something pervy?
Masaya: I am not!
Do I really make a weird face when I think about these things? Madoka pointed it out once, too.
Misaki: But if you saw me naked when you weren't acting as my coach--
Masaya: You're trying to drag out this conversation so you can rest for longer, aren't you?
Misaki: Ugh...
Misaki averts her gaze.
Misaki: Hahahaha, I don't have the slightest idea what you mean, Coach.
Masaya: What do you think would happen if you faced Asuka as you are right now?
Misaki: Like, literally?
Masaya: Yeah. Say the fall tournament was today, and you were up against Asuka in the finals. What would happen?
Misaki: I'm sure I wouldn't win, but I'm even more sure I wouldn't lose.
Masaya: You'd lose, 100%.
Misaki: ...The gap between us is that wide already?
Masaya: You'd lose to Satouin-san or Ichinose, too. You'd probably beat Mashiro. That's the level you're on.
Misaki: You really mean that? Oh, I get it. You're exaggerating to try and get me fired up, right?
Masaya: Not at all. I'm serious.
Misaki: Has everyone improved, or have I just gotten worse?
Masaya: You have to get through several rounds to get to the finals.
Misaki: Yeah, I know that.
Masaya: So, assuming you actually made it, you'd be totally worn out. Just flying along the first line would have you out of breath, so you'd obviously lose.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: You know as well as I do that you're lacking stamina. To make matters worse, you haven't practiced at all since the summer tournament.
Misaki: ...You're right.
Masaya: It hurts to not be able to perform at full strength.
Misaki: Yeah, it <i>really</i> does.
Masaya: And I doubt you want to have to console yourself with the thought that you could've won if you were at full strength.
Misaki: ...No, I don't.
Masaya: So we have to start by strengthening your body. And that means more cardio and getting rid of that unnecessary fat.
Misaki: Yeah... You're right.
Masaya: This will form the basis for everything we're going to do. You won't get anywhere without it, Misaki.
Misaki: I get it already. Haaah, I'll do my best.
Masaya: I know this is physically demanding practice, and it's going to be hard, but--
Misaki: Don't worry, I'm not gonna leave or run away at this point. Just tell me what today's schedule is first. I need to prepare myself.
Masaya: One set will comprise of five 100 meter sprints, followed by a break, followed by five 200 meter sprints. We'll start with three sets.
Misaki: I'm going home! I'm like, 100% sure you set this up to drive me away!
Masaya: You promised you wouldn't say that! Do you always break promises this quickly?!
Misaki: You're gonna kill me! I can already see death awaiting me!
Masaya: Just get running already. I want you at full sprint.
We've reached the starting position, so I let go of Misaki's hand and stop dragging her.
Misaki: Ugh, you've been bullying me this whole time, but I'm still not having any fun!
Masaya: If you've got the breath to make that joke, you've got the breath to get running!
Misaki: Ughhh! Fiiine! I'm ready now.
Masaya: You've said that like fifty times today.
Misaki: But I actually mean it this time!
Misaki brings her hands up to her face like she's scooping water and gently claps her cheeks.
Misaki: Let's get this show on the road!
Masaya: Sure thing. Ready, set, go!
Misaki: Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Misaki: No way! Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah! Mmm! I'm gonna die. I'm <i>actually</i> gonna die. I can see the light at the end of the tunnel!
Masaya: Oh, give me a break. Let me see your wrist. I need to check your pulse.
Misaki holds her arm out toward me.
Misaki: Mmm, haaah, haaah, haaah, what? Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, got an interest in my heart rate?
Masaya: We're training your heart and lungs here, so obviously.
I press my thumb against her wrist while using the clock on my phone to measure her pulse.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Mmm... Hahahaha!
Misaki laughs once she's done catching her breath.
Misaki: Is feeling my heart racing getting yours racing too?
Masaya: Nope. Why do you keep making up these weird fetishes?
Misaki: Like, you might end up asking me to do something <i>really</i> extreme later on, so I thought I should get myself ready.
Masaya: Relax, that won't happen.
Misaki: I dunno, that's making me feel even more nervous.
Masaya: Great.
Misaki hops backward..
Misaki: G-Great? What, you mean you enjoy that?
Masaya: No. Man, you sure can joke for someone who's supposedly exhausted.
I pull my thumb off her wrist.
Masaya: That's the end of the sprints.
Misaki: Huh, already? What's next?
Masaya: That's it for today's practice, too.
Misaki: Huh? Doesn't feel much like special training to me unless I'm collapsed, almost lifeless on the ground from exhaustion, looking up at you with lifeless eyes.
Masaya: I'm a coach, not a torturer. I wouldn't push you to that point.
Misaki: I don't get why this is the end. I can still keep going.
Masaya: Your pulse has reached its peak and you've already done the number of sets I asked for. More would just backfire on us.
Misaki: How?
Masaya: It's not "the more you do the better" here. You ever heard of overworking yourself?
Misaki: Maybe once or twice.
Essentially, training too hard weakens your body.
Misaki: So doing more would be overworking myself?
Masaya: Exactly. The exercise would actually weaken your muscles.
Misaki: Huh? Doing more exercise can make you weaker? Seriously?
Masaya: Exercise actually weakens your muscles. It's the recovery period that makes them stronger. However, if you exercise too much, you weaken your muscles more than they're able to recover. We have to wear you out to a point, then let you recover.
Misaki: Wear me out to a point, then let me recover? Man, you sound like an abusive husband.
Masaya: Your muscles will grow more efficiently if you put them through cycles of strength and weakness.
I was taught all this by Aoi-san.
Doing five to ten mile runs on a daily basis isn't an efficient way of increasing your stamina.
It might be necessary in sports that require you to run for a long amount of time or cover large distances, but FC meets neither criteria.
Misaki: Hm, I get it. And here I was thinking we'd be practicing so long I'd go crazy. Y'know, kinda like how you see people collapsing on the floor and pouring water over themselves.
Masaya: I wouldn't push you that hard. Though, I guess that might be up to you.
Misaki laughs timidly.
Misaki: Hahahaha... Oh really?
Masaya: It's your decision to make in the end, not mine.
Misaki: Hm, what decision?
Masaya: How much you feel you need to get the hang of things before you improve, I guess.
Misaki: Hm, yeah that is something to think about.
Masaya: Practicing for ages and ages until you collapse <i>is</i> one way of getting the hang of things.
Misaki: Hm...
Masaya: But it also isn't.
Misaki: ...What do you mean?
Masaya: I don't really know if it works, but truly strong people all seem to have experienced that sort of thing.
Most of their time is spent just doing normal practice sessions, but they often seem to go through really brutal sessions for short periods of time.
Masaya: There are a lot of emotions that come with playing FC. There'll be times where you know you're overworking yourself, but you feel you have to get out there and fly.
Misaki: And there are things you can only learn through that, huh?
Masaya: There's no need to stress over it. The most likely conclusion we'll come to is that it's bad for your fitness.
Misaki: Hm, so what'll we do for the rest of the day? Go home? Fly in the sky? Join the mile-high club?
Masaya: We're gonna make you smarter.
Misaki: <i>Excuse</i> you! I've never even come close to failing a test.
Masaya: I'm not talking about school, dumbass. We're going to get you a mind for FC.
Misaki: A head for FC... How do I get one of those?
Masaya: A mind for... Actually, I guess head works too.
Masaya: Um, I'd prefer to talk about this somewhere we won't stand out.
Misaki: Can't we go to a cafe or something?
Masaya: Nah, this could get embarrassing.
Misaki: I-It could?
Masaya: It's not what you're thinking about, trust me.
Misaki: Wh-What are you trying to imply about my imagination, kind sir?!
Masaya: What's with the sudden formality? Look, I just wanna go somewhere we won't be interrupted.
Misaki: How about my place? My grandma should still be out in the vegetable garden around this time, so you've got nothing to worry about.
Masaya: Yeah, sounds good.
Misaki: Masaya's coming to my house to spend some time alone with me and do something embarrassing... Eek! What's gonna happen to me?!
Masaya: Quit trying to provoke me. Look, I brought something to use.
I take it out of my bag.
Misaki: Th-That's...
Misaki is momentarily at a loss for words.
Masaya: I brought two of them, but it looks like you brought your own.
Misaki: I always keep my little Masaya with me!
Misaki and I pull out the Mr. Shitou plushies I won in the crane game at the arcade.
She points her Mr. Shitou at me and bends him over.
Misaki: Good day, Masaya-kun.
I also point my Mr. Shitou at Misaki.
Masaya: Good day, Misaki-chan. Are you doing well?
Misaki: On every level except mentally!
Masaya: ...One's mental state is very important for one's wellbeing, so please do be careful.
Misaki: On one hand I'm sad, but on the other, I've eaten my fill and exercised to exhaustion. My body feels great, but my mind is in a slump.
Masaya: When did things get so gloomy? I was just talking about using these to train your mind for FC.
Misaki: So presumably, Mr. Shitou will hypnotize me into learning everything I need to know... Oh, now I know why Shitou has the highest level of FC players in Japan.
Masaya: Quit going on tangents already! We're gonna use the plushies to simulate FC.
Misaki: We are?
Masaya: Yep.
I move Mr. Shitou horizontally, as if he's flying, and imitate him turning midair.
Masaya: We'll move them around like this and have a match between the two Mr. Shitous.
Misaki: Hm, feels kinda dumb, like we're kids playing with toys.
Masaya: You are a child most of the time, Misaki.
Misaki: What's so childish about these massive boobs?!
Masaya: Don't talk about yourself like that! I meant your mental age.
Misaki starts moving Mr. Shitou around willy-nilly.
Misaki: Hm, so this is gonna get me a head for FC?
Masaya: Moving it around all over the place might help you reach some sort of religious enlightenment, but it won't help your mind. You need to take this seriously and think about what you're doing.
Misaki: Couldn't we do this by actually flying?
Masaya: Nope. You try to win all your matches through instinct.
Misaki: Geez, I do think too!
Masaya: You might, but everyone else thinks <i>way</i> more.
Misaki: Th-They do?
Masaya: They do.
I answer firmly to make it stick in her mind.
Masaya: Since you win matches through intuition, you'll just do the exact same in practice.
Misaki: What else is there to dogfights other than intuition?
Masaya: There's a certain level of theory behind them, for one.
Misaki: But doesn't it come down to instinct in the heat of the moment?
Masaya: I trust your ability to make decisions in the heat of the moment, Misaki. But what I need to teach you is how to look at the match as a whole.
Misaki: Oh...?
Masaya: Mastering this will let you control the field... and control your opponent.
Misaki: ......
Misaki stares at me through upturned eyes.
Misaki: ...Is this how Asuka and Inui-san think?
I happened to check some FC fansites, and discovered that Inui had been nicknamed the "Monarch of the Skies" after not only winning the Shintou tournament, but also the national tournament several days later.
Accounts of the game don't seem to have worked out what Inui's playstyle is, but the nickname captured her essence perfectly.
I've watched videos, replayed the match inside my head...
I even went as far as to get Shindou-san's number from Ichinose so I could call him up and discuss it.
Now I'm sure that I can use these Mr. Shitous to teach Misaki about Inui's playstyle without having witnessed it more than once.
Masaya: For some reason, you always fall back on instinct when flying. At least practicing here, you get the time to calm down and think things through.
Misaki: With the Mr. Shitous, huh? But like, you're my second, Masaya. Can't you just do the thinking for me? I'll just follow your lead.
Masaya: It takes too long to instruct you unless we're already on the same page. There's no time for more than brief instructions in an actual match.
Misaki: Yeah, guess you have a point.
Masaya: Also, if you're focusing too much on what your second is saying, you won't be focusing enough on your opponent.
Misaki: Hm...
Masaya: Even though the best players still use seconds, they think things through for themselves. You could say they see nothing but their opponent during the match.
Misaki: I kinda know what you're getting at there.
Masaya: You were talking about fear and stuff after your match with Ichinose, right?
Misaki: Yeah.
There are things you discover about your opponent during matches that are hard to put into words.
What's important is how you decide to act when you feel those things.
Masaya: That wasn't something a second could instruct you on.
Masaya: Yes, you need to be following your second's instructions. But at the end of the day, a second's opinion is no more than that, an opinion. The ultimate decision is in your hands, Misaki.
Misaki: That so?
Masaya: You're the one who has to decide how to fly in the moment. And that's why we need to train your mind for FC.
Misaki gives a slightly exasperated nod.
Misaki: Aight. We may as well give this a go, since you're so passionate about it.
Masaya: Okay, let's start.
I look around Misaki's room.
Masaya: Um, we'll use the string for your lamp as the first, this part of the bookshelf as the second, the handle for your closet as third, and that stain on the wall as fourth.
Misaki: This has turned into a real pain.
Masaya: Less sass, more serious.
Misaki: Roger. So, what're our roles? I'm a Fighter and you're a Speeder?
Masaya: Your Mr. Shitou is you, my Mr. Shitou is Inui.
Misaki: Right. All I have to do is crush her, yeah?
Masaya: Go ahead and try.
Misaki: Roger.
Masaya: Okay, line up by first.
Misaki bobs her Mr. Shitou over.
Misaki: Ain't no darn tootin' way you're gonna beat me.
Masaya: I told you that Mr. Shitou was you.
Misaki: I always talk ta m'self like this.
Masaya: Quit fooling around and take this seriously.
Misaki: I know, I know. Whoa, a direct touch on Inui-san's chest!
Masaya: Take this seriously!
Misaki: I seriously touched her.
Masaya: If that was meant to be serious, then you better do that next time you meet Inui.
Misaki: Fine, I will! So after I've touched her, you have to do the same.
Masaya: Why the hell do we both have to grope her? We'll get kicked out of the venue before the tournament even begins!
Misaki: I would have no regrets!
Masaya: Well, do something about that...! Okay, we're starting now.
Misaki: I'm ready.
Masaya: Start!
Misaki: Aight! I'm jumping to the bookshelf.
Masaya: At least pretend this is real and say that you're going to the second line, I'm begging you.
Misaki: Fiiine! I transfer my soul into Mr. Shitou and zoooooom over to the second line.
Masaya: Well, I guess that counts as serious...
Misaki skips to the line between the bookshelf and the closet handle.
Masaya: Okay, I'm moving straight forward...
Misaki: You have to take this seriously too, Masaya. Pretend to be Inui-san.
Masaya: We need to take the <i>game</i> seriously. There's no need to pretend to be the persons themselves.
Misaki: There is, okay? This is all part of making it realistic. You've gotta growl at the start of every sentence, just like she does! Graaaw, I'm here to play FC!
Masaya: Inui doesn't talk like that!
Misaki: Graaaw, I'm all hot and horny up here.
Masaya: Why would Inui ever say that?
Misaki starts rotating her Mr. Shitou.
Misaki: I'm circling above the line and waiting.
Masaya: I touched second, scoring my first point, and now I'm using the repulsion from it to accelerate.
Misaki: I'm looking over at Inui-san while circling and waiting for her.
Masaya: I fly up above the line.
Misaki: I follow her lead and ascend! I challenge her to a dogfight from below.
Masaya: Inui goes along with your dogfight.
Misaki: Hah, hah, hah!
Masaya: Hah, hah, hah!
Misaki: ...Is this seriously gonna help?
Masaya: Don't break character.
Misaki: Bam! I feint to the side, then use a reversal to get on top!
A reversal is a technique where you slip to the side of an opponent coming at you from above to position yourself above them instead.
Masaya: Inui reaches out a hand and taps you on the head.
Misaki: Hold on, can she do that?
Masaya: Easily. She has the height advantage. Remember, reversals are difficult.
When your opponent is at least somewhat competent, you have to focus on your timing and be unpredictable. If you don't master those two skills, you won't get anywhere.
If Misaki was facing Mashiro, she'd be able to pull it off, but against Inui she might succeed one time out of ten, if that.
Misaki: In that case, I throw in some more attacks from below, then descend! Inui-san chases after my tail. Now I've got her right where I--
Masaya: Not likely. Inui-san keeps her distance while she chases you, observing. She doesn't accept your invitation.
Misaki: Grr, then I'm going for a frontal attack! I ascend again!
Masaya: Inui focuses on ensuring that you don't climb any higher than her, rather than trying to score points on you.
Misaki starts bumping her Mr. Shitou into mine.
Misaki: Doesn't matter. With all the attacks I'm throwing at her, I've gotta score at least one point.
Masaya: Nope.
Misaki: Why not? Am I that bad?
Masaya: You're good. But I've never seen Inui actually engage in a dogfight, so I can't make a comparison.
Misaki: Doesn't that mean I'll definitely score a point?
Masaya: Take a moment to think about your positions.
Misaki: Huh?
Masaya: Both of you are facing down toward the water. You're trying to get vertical, so the most you'll manage is a forward bent posture.
Misaki: But that's the normal way of flying.
Masaya: We're trying to develop your mind here, remember? Try thinking about it for a moment.
Misaki: Hm...
Masaya: What do you have to do to score points in dogfights?
Misaki: To score points... Are we talking mind games here? Like, blank out your mind and go, kinda stuff?
Masaya: I'm telling you to think, not clear your mind. This is important. It's the first thing any beginner is taught.
Misaki: Hm... You've gotta touch their back to get a point... Oh! Ohhh, that's it, huh? Hm, wait, it's really that simple?
Masaya: Yes, it is.
Misaki: So then it's like this, yeah?
Misaki brings her Mr. Shitou level with mine.
Misaki: While I was below Inui-san, she could touch my back, but I couldn't reach hers.
An obvious conclusion, given both had their backs pointing upward.
Masaya: Inverted flight is difficult, so you'd have your back facing her, too.
Misaki: ...Hold up. This is all she has to do to counter me?
Masaya: Yeah, probably.
Misaki looks dumbfounded.
Misaki: Why's no one ever done this before? It's so simple.
Masaya: Because everyone's fixated on the idea that dogfights are all about continuous flight, and flying as fast as possible.
Misaki: Well, yeah?
Masaya: Don't give me that. You're the one who's been calling it a simple strategy.
Misaki: Ah...
Masaya: Both students and teachers are under the same impression. No one questions it.
Misaki: But why does no one question it?
Masaya: Because FC dogfights are based on actual warplanes.
Misaki: Really?
Masaya: When two airplanes engage in battle, that's called a dogfight. FC adopted that as a part of the sport, turning them into Continuous Flight Dogfights.
Misaki: What's up with the continuous flight bit?
Masaya: It's because, unlike helicopters, planes can't come to a stop in the air... FC has a pretty short history, so it's easy to research, and if you do you'll see that they used to award points based on touching your opponent anywhere.
Misaki: Oh, really? Wouldn't that make Fighters super overpowered?
Masaya: Totally. That's why they limited it to only scoring when you touch your opponent's back. Otherwise, Fighters would just stop moving and start throwing jabs at each other from the front.
Misaki shuts her eyes and imagines it.
Misaki: Oh, I get it. Then it would turn into some kind of combat sport like boxing or wrestling.
Masaya: Apparently that's what ended up happening. The whole point of the sport is that flying is fun, so just coming to a stop and having a fistfight in the air ruins it. That's why they amended the rules.
Misaki: But why only the back?
Masaya: Because the players have to try and circle around each other to score. That makes the flying more intense and exciting to watch.
Misaki: Makes sense.
Masaya: The current ruleset was designed to make as much of a show out of flying as possible. Since it's recommended to everyone, they all take it as the <i>correct</i> way to fly.
Misaki: So what you're saying is that Inui-san's exploiting a loophole in the rules?
Masaya: She's just doing everything she can to win. As long as she's not breaking any rules, no one can criticize her.
Misaki: I guess, but I can't say I'm happy about it. You think they'll change the rules if her strategy gets popular?
Masaya: They might. But it won't happen before we graduate, and there are a lot of people who wouldn't want the rules changed anyway.
Misaki: There are?
Masaya: Asuka loved seeing Inui in action.
Misaki: ......
Misaki smiles glumly.
Misaki: Right... Asuka, duh.
Masaya: Anyway, back to the practice session.
Misaki: Roger! Um, I can't challenge her to a dogfight from below, so I take a large detour and aim to get above her...
That's the strategy that Shindou-san tried.
It's the first thing anyone would think of in that situation.
Masaya: It's difficult to look above you while you're flying at full speed, right?
Misaki: Huh? Yeah, it is.
Her chest would be facing the water, meaning she'd have to twist her entire body to see above her.
Masaya: But Inui can see you perfectly from her position.
Misaki: That's why I have a second to relay that information.
Masaya: Obviously I would, but I'm sure you realize that hearing information about someone's position is different from actually being able to see them.
Misaki: Yeah.
Masaya: So, Inui, who has the height advantage, comes down from above and attempts to touch your head.
Misaki: Ugh! Then I descend into a Low Yo-Yo.
Masaya: Inui doesn't follow. Instead, she just slowly closes the gap between you.
Misaki: Well, I make some distance between us.
Masaya: She allows you to do so for a moment before chasing after you.
Misaki: I'll just run further away! Huh? What the hell?!
Misaki's ended up crouching down, her Mr. Shitou practically rubbing against the floor.
Misaki: I've run out of airspace, just like what happened to Ichinose-chan in my match with her, but with the positions reversed.
Masaya: Now, just like her, you can only move horizontally.
Misaki: Ughhh!
Masaya: You getting Ichinose into that position was just a result of your actions, but Inui calculated this.
Misaki: ...I see.
Masaya: So, what'll you do now?
Misaki: She's already taken a point, so I don't wanna jump to the next line.
If she did, she'd be giving Inui free access to third, making it 2:0.
Misaki: I'll move to the side of the second to get myself some space.
Masaya: While you're doing that, Inui starts aiming straight for third.
Misaki: Huuuh? W-Wait! I give chase!
Masaya: You can't catch her. Inui touches the third, so the score's 2:0. She uses the recoil to accelerate.
Misaki: Wait, so no matter what, I have to work from two points down?
Masaya: Yep.
Misaki: I have to do everything over again while two points down... Oh, I see now... This is how Shindou-san lost.
Misaki nods. Seems she finally understands.
Masaya: Exactly.
Misaki: There's no way I can win.
Masaya: No, there isn't. But it has nothing to do with your dogfighting technique. It's simply a matter of whether you know the strategy or not.
Misaki: ...And Asuka finds this fun.
Masaya: Apparently, yeah.
Misaki: Hahahaha... Impressive. I swear, that girl's insane.
Masaya: How will you break out of this situation?
Misaki: Well, um... You have an idea, right, Masaya? Can't you just tell me instead of making me think about it?
Masaya: I don't have a clue.
Misaki: You serious?
Masaya: Sure am. So try and think about it.
Misaki rocks her Mr. Shitou left and right as she ponders.
Misaki: If I fly like this, then do this, and this, like this... Um... Grrrrrrrrrrrr!
After a long while of trying, Misaki suddenly holds Mr. Shitou above her head.
Misaki: And then, Mr. Shitou goes vrooooooooom!
She throws him at the wall.
Masaya: Hey!
Misaki: Mr. Shitou exceeded the speed of light! He's at Mach speed!
Masaya: The speed of light is incomparably faster than Mach speed. You do realize that, right?
Misaki: Your tricks are worthless in the face of my Mach light speed flying!
Masaya: Take this seriously!
What the hell is Mach light speed, anyway?! Some new unit of measurement?
Misaki: I was taking this seriously. All that thinking made my head explode, which made my impulses take over, letting Mr. Shitou cross the light speed barrier.
Masaya: Pretty cruel to throw an extension of yourself into a wall.
Misaki: Oh yeah! I transferred my soul into him...
Misaki: Hey, hold it. What about what I just did?
Masaya: What about it?
Misaki: Why don't I just use speed to overtake her?
Masaya: Yeah, I considered that myself...
Misaki shrugs her shoulders.
Misaki: What, you don't think it'll work?
Masaya: It might, if you were playing Asuka. It wouldn't work on Inui.
Misaki: Purrdon me?
Masaya: Inui managed to beat Prez in a contest of speed.
Misaki: Oh, yeah, that <i>did</i> happen. I wouldn't have any chance in a speed showdown.
Masaya: She is a Speeder, after all.
Those unfamiliar Grav Shoes Inui was wearing briefly come to mind. I wonder how they were tuned...
Misaki: Um, so you mean this is a strategy she keeps in reserve for when she can't win with speed?
Masaya: Probably. She tried racing Shindou-san when their match first started, but she soon gave up and switched to this tactic.
Misaki: Hm...
Masaya: Let's keep going. It's easier to understand when you're actually moving Mr. Shitou around.
Misaki: Aight, let's do this.
Before long, Misaki actually ended up putting in the effort required to enjoy our simulated Mr. Shitou session.
We come to a stop in front of the gate.
The sweet smell of soy sauce is wafting over from what I guess you'd describe as the main residence.
Misaki: Hahahaha, that smell is kinda embarrassing. I do love it, though.
Yep, smells like home cooking alright. Though I do get why she finds a guy smelling this at her place embarrassing.
Masaya: Smells delicious, whatever it is.
Misaki: Well, that's nice... Wanna join us for dinner some time?
Masaya: If I get the chance.
Misaki: Fair enough, it <i>would</i> be embarrassing.
Masaya: Yeah, and explaining everything would be a pain.
Her grandma would <i>definitely</i> ask if I'm her boyfriend.
Misaki: Want me to walk you home?
Masaya: Guys walk girls home because it's not safe for them to be walking around alone at night. It'd be weird if you took me home now.
Misaki: But I've never heard of any creepy pervs hanging around this area.
Masaya: Seriously, it's fine. You don't need to worry.
Misaki: You sure?
Masaya: Yeah. We'll see each other tomorrow anyway.
Misaki: R-Right...
Masaya: Later.
Misaki: W-Wait a minute!
She hurriedly grabs hold of my sleeve.
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: Um, we're gonna be at the beach again tomorrow, yeah?
Masaya: Yep.
Misaki: So, um...
Masaya: Yeah?
Misaki: I'm gonna work real hard tomorrow!
Masaya: Y-You are?!
Misaki: It's just...
It's at this point she realizes she's still holding my sleeve and quickly lets go.
Misaki: Y'know, like... I say a lot of things that make it sound like I'm not motivated, but I am really... So, yeah...
Masaya: I get it.
Misaki: Good. See you tomorrow, then.
Masaya: Good night.
We wave at each other as I walk off.
Masaya: Come on, this is the home stretch! Get those thighs up higher! Don't quit on me now! I wanna see the sand getting kicked up behind you!
Misaki: I've got this!
Masaya: This is it! Give it everything you've got! Squeeze out that last bit of juice!
Misaki: Meoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow!
Misaki crosses the finish line marked out on the sand.
Misaki: Ughhh! Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
She holds her wrist out as she pants for breath.
Masaya: ......
I check her pulse.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Masaya: ...It's time.
Misaki: Mmm, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Mmm... Time for what?
Masaya: You can fly now.
Misaki: Ah...!
Misaki grabs the bottle that we'd stuck in the sand earlier.
Misaki: Mgh, mmm, mgh, mmm, haaah!
After gulping down some water she says...
Misaki: Really?!
Masaya: Would I lie to you about this?
Misaki grabs hold of her tummy, as if she has a sudden stomachache.
Misaki: Nghhhhhhhhh!
Masaya: Wh-What's wrong?
She suddenly leaps into the air like she'd been a heavily compressed spring.
Misaki: YEEEEEES! IT'S TIME! I CAN FLY! I'M FINALLY GONNA FLY!
Masaya: Y-You're really pumped about this, huh?
In her excitement, she slaps me on the chest.
Misaki: Yeah, of course I'm pumped! Hehehe, I was starting to feel like a dog who's told to sit while food's dangled in front of him. I kinda started thinking you were into some kinky roleplay, Masaya.
Masaya: Don't call this roleplay.
I pull my phone out of my pocket.
Misaki: Huh, what're you doing? Phoning someone to tell them how happy I am about flying?
Masaya: Something like that. You need someone to practice against. Otherwise, we'll be stuck doing the basics. That's why I'm calling in some help.
Misaki: Who?
Shion: Hahahahaha! So the day has finally come!
There's a booming laugh as Prez strikes a pose before heading this way.
Misaki: P-Prez? Masaya, you called <i>him?</i>
Masaya: Yeah.
Shion: I've been trembling with anticipation as I waited for this call!
Masaya: Thanks for coming.
Shion: I hear that our club's been split in two!
Masaya: I'm sorry. I ruined everything you worked so hard to create.
Shion: There's no need to apologize! Creating strife in the calmest of places is what makes you a man! I loved having a complete club, but having a divided one is just as amazing!
Masaya: Doesn't really seem like that to me...
I'm sure he'd be happier if we all stuck together.
But he's doing his best not to act all depressed... I feel so guilty.
Shion: You better do this right.
Masaya: Yes, I will.
What else can I say?
Masaya: The two sides of our club aren't fighting, at least.
Shion: You split our club in two without causing a fight? What a true man! But anyway!
Prez turns to face Misaki and puffs out his chest with pride.
Shion: You can relax now, I'm here.
Misaki: Th-Thank y--
Shirase: Hey now, Misaki-chan! Aoyagi-kun's not the only one joining you!
Misaki: Huh?!
Shirase-san snuck up behind us.
Misaki: Shirase-san too?!
Shirase: Hahahaha! Hayato Shirase, owner of Shirase Sky Sports, at your service!
Shion: Hahahahahahaha!
Shirase: Hahahahahahaha!
Misaki: ......
Prez and Shirase-san draw close to each other.
Shirase: Aoyagi-kun... I see you've been working out.
Shion: Lately, I've been building up my adductor muscles.
Shirase: Hehehe... Good, very good.
Shirase-san starts stroking Prez's inner thighs.
Shion: Mmm...
Shirase: Nice... Such tender muscles. Mmm, very nice. I should try this myself.
Misaki: ......
Misaki turns to glare at me.
Misaki: You trying to tell me to join their freaky muscle world?
Masaya: Don't be so mean.
Shion: Join us, Tobisawa!
Shirase: Hehehe, you won't believe how fun it is.
The two of them beckon to Misaki.
Misaki: I-I'll never join you! Are you trying to sacrifice me or something?! Is that your kink?
Masaya: What is it with you and kinks today? Anyway, they're not looking for a sacrifice.
Shirase: I'd more than welcome a cute girl as a sacrifice.
Misaki: That's sexual harassment!
Masaya: It's definitely creepy, at the very least.
Shion: Or you, Hinata. Your sacrifice is welcome!
Masaya: Please, no.
Misaki pulls on the hem of my shirt.
Misaki: I appreciate you getting training partners for me, but why these two of all--
Shirase: Wait a moment! Aoyagi-kun and I aren't the only ones here to help.
Misaki: Someone else from Planet Brawn?
Shirase: No, not our third member. Look behind you!
Misaki: Behind me-- Aaah!
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahahahahahahaha!
Up in the skies, behind Misaki, is a Skywalker wearing a mask.
Misaki: M-Masked Skywalker! The Mysterious Masked Skywalker! The totally weak, utterly devoid of strategy, Mysterious Masked Skywalker!
Masaya: Don't be so rude to your practice partner.
Misaki: What?! I'm gonna practice with the freak in the mask?
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Masked Skywalker turns their back to us, puts their hands on their hips, and laughs like some kind of supervillain.
Then, they descend next to Shirase-san.
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahaha! The Mysterious Masked Skywalker has arrived!
Misaki looks perplexed.
Misaki: There's, um... something weird about your voice. Like, it doesn't really fit your appearance... if you know what I mean?
Masked Skywalker: P-Preposterous!
Shirase: R-Right. They're definitely n-not using a voice modulator or anything!
Masaya: Why are you panicking, Shirase-san?
His eyes dart around.
Shirase: I'm not. What would I even panic about?!
Masked Skywalker: Regardless, the mask has no gender!
Misaki: They refer to themselves as "the mask"! That's kinda cool!
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahahaha! To the gallows with you!
Misaki: I'm being given the death penalty? Are you one of those people who doesn't actually follow a conversation?
Shirase: Hahahahahaha!
Shion: Hahahahahaha!
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahaha!
Misaki looks them up and down, one by one.
Misaki: God! This is more nauseating than drinking an entire gallon of oil! Seriously, what the hell is this?
Masaya: The Misaki Comeback Project, created in secret on the dark web.
Misaki: Masaya, your phone's connected to the dark web?! I've never met anyone so trustworthy!
She's clearly being sarcastic.
Masaya: Project Member Number 1, Masaya Hinata!
Shion: Project Member Number 2, Shion Aoyagi!
Shirase: Project Member Number 3, Hayato Shirase!
Masked Skywalker: Project Member Number 4, The Mysterious Masked Skywalker!
Misaki: The Mysterious Masked Skywalker is your full name?!
Masked Skywalker points at Misaki with a snap.
Masked Skywalker: I shall defeat you!
Misaki: Huh? First it was the death penalty, now this? Why're you so eager to pick a fight?
Masaya: Did you do something to them?
Misaki: Of course not. I only saw them play in the summer tournament. We've never even spoken. We're not even connected at all.
Masked Skywalker: Hehehe, the mask isn't so sure about that.
Misaki: Huh?
Masked Skywalker: Allow yourself to toss and turn at night as you ponder the true nature of the mask!
Misaki: Are you really worth losing sleep over? Wait, are you someone I know? Is it you, Mashiro?
Masked Skywalker: Mashiro? Who's that?
Misaki: ......
Misaki stumbles a little at Masked Skywalker's nonchalant answer.
Masked Skywalker: The true nature of the Mysterious Masked Skywalker shall never be revealed.
Shion: If a Dark Skywalker's true identity comes to light, the shady organizations who run it reserve the right to have them eliminated.
Misaki: So our Mysterious Masked Skywalker is a Dark Skywalker now?
Masked Skywalker: Hehehehehe...
Masaya: Well, all that aside...
Misaki: We're really just ignoring that?
Masaya: We are.
Dark Skywalkers don't exist... I think.
Masaya: I explained what was going on to Shirase-san a few days ago, and when he heard that you needed practice partners, he invited Masked Skywalker to join us.
Shirase: The Mysterious Masked Skywalker is the only FC player Kamidorisha Academy has.
Shion: Hm? Then what do they do about a second?
Masaya: The rules say your second can be a student at another school.
Shion: Oh, I think I've seen that happen before.
Shirase: So, as luck would have it, I was asked to manage the Kamidorisha FC Club, and I was on the lookout for some practice partners myself.
Masked Skywalker: This is not practice. I've come to defeat you fools! To the gallows with you!
Misaki: Oh, yes. L-Looking forward to playing against you.
Misaki bows and gives a completely out-of-place reply, presumably overwhelmed by Masked Skywalker's personality.
Man, she kinda just said she was looking forward to being killed, huh?
Masaya: I was thinking we'd start with some light warm up exercises, then practicing with Prez. If that's okay with you, of course, Prez?
Shion: Sure thing! I can't wait to show you the results of my 24/7 muscle training program!
Masaya: I was under the impression the summer break was a really important time for seniors...
He's totally gonna flunk his university entrance exams.
Misaki: U-Um...!
Shion: Yeah, what's up?
Misaki bows to Prez.
Misaki: Thank you for coming here to help me.
Shion: Oh! Don't sweat it!
Prez grins.
Shion: I wanted to see you taking things seriously.
Misaki: I'll do my best.
Masaya: Allow me to explain the purpose of our practice sessions. Our aim is to allow you to counter Inui, even if you can't reach the same level of play as her. This will largely come down to technique.
Misaki: Inui-san's the goal, huh?
Masaya: I imagine this is also Asuka's intention.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: If you can't counter her, you'll just get crushed. But if you can counter her, you'll get the chance to make use of all the techniques you've learned.
Misaki: So, in other words, if I can't counter her, all of this is a waste?
Masaya: Yep.
Misaki: Okay, but why does forming a plan against Inui-san have me practicing with Prez?
Masaya: Out of all the regional and national matches Inui's participated in, Prez gave her the closest match. If we want you to be able to play effectively against her, we need to come up with a way to stop her. That's why you need to practice with someone who can fly on her level.
Misaki: But, um...
Masaya: I know. You've practiced a lot with him in the past, so you know what to expect, right?
She can probably read him like a book at this point, meaning it won't be hard for her to stop him.
Masaya: That's why we're not doing normal practice. Prez will take to the field first and do two or three laps to build up speed before you enter.
Misaki: I get it.
Masaya: Also, my headset will be connected to Prez, but not to you. You'll have to use your own judgments up there.
Misaki: This is part of the FC head training too, huh?
Masaya: Exactly. Don't forget, you need to make decisions with the entire match in mind, not just the current situation.
Misaki: Got anything more concrete?
Masaya: One example is deciding where to jump to after you're overtaken. Prez flies fast, so there'll be times where your best option is to skip two lines ahead instead of just one.
Misaki: Oh, I see. You've always been the one instructing me on this stuff, so I've never had to think about it.
Masaya: Try thinking about a bunch of things today.
Misaki: Thinking, huh...?
Masaya: Right, let's get started. It's been a while since you last flew, so we'll start with ten minutes of field flying.
Misaki: Okay! Ready furr liftoff!
Misaki flies up toward the field.
Shion: Take this!
Misaki: Aaah! Nghhh!
I knew this would happen.
Prez is having a field day up there.
Shirase: Aoyagi-kun seems to have learned a thing or two from the summer tournament. His movements are great. How can I put this, it's like he's not fixated on his form, but in a good way.
Masaya: Yeah.
All Prez ever cared about was flying as fast as possible, which made his feints awkward.
He also had a habit of making wide stretching movements to prevent a loss of speed while overtaking someone, so it almost felt like he was reluctant to do so.
But now...
Shirase: He's actually throwing feints in there.
They're only simple feints, pretending to go one way before going the other. Hell, he's only really using his head and his eyes to make them.
And yet...
Misaki: Nghhh!
It's enough to make Misaki groan in frustration as she gets passed again and again.
As simple as his moves are, his sheer speed leaves her unable to counter him.
If he'd mastered this style earlier, he might have gotten pretty far in the summer tournament.
Shirase: Misaki-chan keeps on getting passed.
Masaya: That's what happens when you go a while without flying.
It doesn't help that I told her to think things through while flying.
I doubt she's ever done that before, so her mind and body will be totally out of sync.
Shirase: ...You know, I'm a little surprised.
Masaya: About what?
Shirase: That you decided to support Misaki-chan instead of Asuka-chan.
Masaya: Support, huh?
Shirase: That's what you're doing, right? Mind if I ask what your reason is?
I can feel emotion behind Shirase-san's words as he continues to look up at the sky.
Shirase: ...You like dark hair and big tits, huh?
Masaya: No!
Shirase: That's not it?
Masaya: Obviously not! I don't know if you'll be able to understand my reason...
Shirase: Try me.
Masaya: Misaki is me. If she can't fly, then neither can I.
Shirase: ......
Masaya: That's why I'm supporting her.
Shirase-san drags in air like he's smoking a cigarette.
Shirase: Sounds like an unhealthy relationship to me.
Masked Skywalker: Yes, completely unhealthy!
Masked Skywalker suddenly interjects.
Masked Skywalker: You should free yourself from that woman at once.
Masaya: Uh, come again?
Masked Skywalker: That woman has an air of misfortune about her!
Masaya: If you say so...?
Shirase-san grins.
Shirase: I can see your relationship heading toward a bad end.
Masaya: No one asked for your opinion.
Shirase: I'm being serious here. You think she can win the fall tournament?
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahaha! Release yourself from her and dedicate yourself to coaching the mask!
Masaya: Why are you so worked up about this, Mask? I don't care about tournaments or any of that crap.
Shirase: That's an interesting statement. I thought we gathered here to work for Misaki-chan's future?
Masaya: Yeah, I am doing this for her future.
I look up at the field.
Misaki's movements are sluggish. She's unable to keep up with Prez's speed in the slightest.
Looks like she's really trying to follow my instructions and use her head while flying.
Her reactions are coming in moments too slow, but that's to be expected when she's trying to think things through.
Masaya: But that's not my main motivation.
Masked Skywalker: You make no sense!
Shirase: Hahahahaha, come on, let's hear him out.
Masaya: I'm doing this because I want to. Maybe it'll end as badly as you suggest, Shirase-san... but that doesn't change the fact that I have to do this.
Masked Player/Shirase: ......
Shirase: ......
Masked Skywalker: ......
Masaya: Um, like... I guess what I'm trying to say is, it doesn't matter how things end up, I just know that not doing anything would leave me far more miserable.
Shirase: Hm, this whole thing's lit a fire under your ass, huh?
Masaya: I'd prefer it if that were the case.
I truly mean that. If the fire was already lit, then I'd be running hot right now.
Somebody, seriously, light that fire for me.
Masaya: Right now, Misaki and I are just smoldering, letting off clouds of black smoke. If we don't get ourselves fired up... I don't think we'll ever get anywhere.
Shirase-san smiles with what seems like both exasperation and admiration.
Shirase: You're making me want to help out more and more. As I said before, I prefer more eccentric people.
Masked Skywalker: ......
Shirase: Though all I can really offer you is advice. If I went up there, it could have an effect on my bottom line, you see.
Masaya: Why's that?
Shirase: If people start thinking I'm giving Kunahama students preferential treatment, they might stop coming to my store.
Masaya: Your advice is more than good enough for me.
Masked Skywalker: Sounds to me like you're forcing yourself to suffer in order to coach that woman. You should part from her at once!
Masaya: Um, you keep saying that. Like... did you even listen to me?
Masked Skywalker: Part from her and coach the mask!
Masaya: Yeah, no, I heard you the first time, but... the only one I can coach right now is Misaki.
Masked Skywalker: Grrrrrr!
Shirase: Well, he isn't lying to us, so let's just help him out for now. These practice sessions will help you improve too, Mask.
Masked Skywalker: Grrrrrr!
Masaya: I'd really appreciate the help.
Masked Skywalker: ...Very well. If you insist.
Masaya: Thanks.
I don't know anything about Masked Skywalker, but if Shirase-san's friends with them, they can't be a bad person.
Now then.
Prez is flying circles around Misaki up on the field. I've never seen anything quite like it.
I switch on my headset.
Masaya: Prez, come back down. Practice is over.
Shion: Okay.
He points at the ground, signaling to Misaki that it's time to descend.
Misaki: ......
Misaki gives a small nod and follows him.
Prez turns off his Grav Shoes and strikes a bodybuilder pose as he lands.
Shion: I'm in perfect form!
Misaki: Using my head makes my reaction times slower.
Masaya: That's how it'll be at first. The more you practice, the less of a gap there'll be between your mind and your body.
Misaki: You think?
Masaya: The idea is to get your thoughts and your feelings in sync. Right now you feel, but you don't think.
Misaki: You're making me sound like an idiot.
Masaya: Right, time to get prepared for the next practice session.
Shirase: My time has finally come!
Shirase-san takes out a laptop.
Shirase: Mind if I have a play with your Grav Shoes, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Huh? As long as Masaya says it's fine...
She glances over at me.
Masaya: Really, I should be the one modifying them, but it's more practical to get Shirase-san to do it. He's way faster. If you don't mind, Shirase-san?
Shirase: You bet. You can keep them on. Just hold still for me.
Misaki: Okay.
Shirase-san connects his laptop to Misaki's Grav Shoes.
Misaki: So how're you modifying them?
Masaya: I'm gonna change your initial velocity to that of a Speeder's while keeping your acceleration the same as it is, a Fighter's.
Misaki: ...Hm? But there's like, no upside to that.
Masaya: Nope, there isn't. But that's what we want.
Misaki: Why?
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahaha. Yet the mask's Grav Shoes will not be altered. You shall falter under the overwhelming difference in our abilities!
Misaki: Think it's gonna come down to the difference in our Grav Shoes, if anything...
Masked Skywalker: To the gallows with you!
Misaki: Oh, okay. Don't mind if I do.
Masaya: You really should mind that.
Misaki: Oh, um... It's just, the Mysterious Masked Skywalker doesn't seem like a bad person, so I feel bad about saying no to them.
I can't quite put my finger on why, but I don't think they're evil either. If anything, they're sort of heroic, even if they're forcing the act a bit too hard.
Masaya: Okay, allow me to explain the purpose of this practice session. This time, Mask will be imitating Inui's tactics. We'll have you flying slowly so that you can focus on seeing how you move.
Misaki: And flying slowly will give me more time to think, right?
Masaya: Exactly. We also need you to observe how Mask moves at the same time. If you were just flying normally, you'd never take the information in, right?
Misaki: But, um... Well, is Mask gonna be able to fly the same as Inui-san?
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahaha!
Shirase: You don't need to worry about that. I'll be the Mysterious Masked Skywalker's second. I can instruct them on exactly how to fly.
Masaya: I'll be your second, Misaki, but I want you to focus on thinking for yourself as you fly.
Misaki: Roger.
Shirase: Sweet, finished tuning your Grav Shoes just in time.
Misaki: Okay. I'm looking forward to this, Mask.
Masked Skywalker: I shall render you incapable of speech!
Misaki: Oh, okay. I'm looking forward to it.
Misaki courteously bows.
Misaki: Okay, ready furr lift off...! God, I feel so heavy!
She wobbles as she ascends into the sky.
Misaki: I can't accelerate at all.
Shirase: Did I go too far?
Masaya: This is fine for now. We can bump things up slowly as we practice.
Misaki: Huuuh? I feel like I've lost half my muscles.
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahaha! Yet the mask is the same as always!
Masaya: Okay, if you could start above, Mask, and you below, Misaki.
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahaha!
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Ugh, no matter how many times I start over, I always end up pressed right against the water.
Masaya: Don't sweat it, that's only natural. Regain your positioning and take it from the top, one more time.
Misaki: Haaah, haah, haaah... It's so much pressure being below the whole time. I-I'm exhausted...
Her opponent has the advantageous position at all times, so she can't let up for a second.
Shirase: Man, now that we're actually trying this out, I see how insane Inui's tactics are. We can't use any of the countermeasures we normally use.
Masaya: True, but this should help us to build a strategy and open a path forward.
Shirase: Open a path forward, huh? How do you plan on doing that?
Masaya: If Misaki can keep even with Inui in the positioning battles, she can use her dogfight skills to pull out a win.
Shirase: Yeah, that sounds feasible. The issue is how you go about doing it.
Masaya: ...Yeah.
How we go about doing it? Well...
There are three options. Which ones should I push Misaki to choose?
I'm not sure yet.
Misaki: Ahhh!
Masaya: Good work. You must be tired.
Misaki: I dunno. Your brain must be more tired than me.
We gathered together after practice to talk about our future plans.
Not just scheduling, but details about how we'll counter Inui and the like too. It took so long that it's gotten dark out.
Masaya: We <i>did</i> have a lot to discuss.
Misaki: Yeah.
Masaya: In the end, I think there are three major strategies you can use to beat Inui.
Misaki: What the hell?! You already have an answer, but you made me think anyway?! Wow, what a bully!
Masaya: You're the one who has the ultimate decision on what we do, Misaki. That's why I needed you to understand Inui's playstyle.
Misaki: Fine. So?
Masaya: The first option is to go all in on becoming a Speeder.
Misaki: You mean become like Prez?
Masaya: Exactly. You'd use your speed to take the lead right from the start and never let up.
Misaki: But what if Inui-san jumps to the next line and tries to stop me?
Masaya: You'd be at a disadvantage if she managed to stop you, but I imagine Inui will start the match by challenging you to a contest of speed. If you can get off to a good start and just keep going, you could pull it off.
Misaki: I see. What's next?
Masaya: Go all in on becoming a Fighter. The kind of player who can win a dogfight no matter their positioning.
Misaki: You mean even if my opponent's keeping the height advantage?
Masaya: Exactly. I think it's possible. Inui's tactics revolve around putting up a wall her opponent can't get past.
Misaki: So I'd have to be such a strong Fighter that I could break through a wall.
Masaya: Exactly. I think that's the option Asuka will pick.
Misaki: Why?
Masaya: Asuka's good at Airkick Turns, right? That means she's already good at techniques that take advantage of the membrane's features. I doubt it'll be long before she can pull off a Cobra and other high level moves.
Misaki: ...I can't use any moves that take advantage of the membrane.
Masaya: It's tough unless you can sense anti-gravitons with your skin. Though there are other techniques we can use.
Misaki: So why do you think Asuka will opt for being a Fighter?
Masaya: Because being able to pull off nonstandard tactics like consecutive Airturn Kicks will probably confuse Inui enough to be able to steal the height advantage from her.
Misaki: Makes sense. And the last option?
Masaya: Become like Inui.
Misaki: Uh, how?
Masaya: Employ the strategy of keeping the height advantage.
Misaki: But only one of us can be on top at a time?
Masaya: Yeah, so if you lose it, you either move over to the next line or try to get back on top from below. Though I'm still not exactly sure how you'd do that.
Misaki: You think Inui-san knows a way to get back on top?
Masaya: Wouldn't surprise me.
Misaki: Yeah.
Masaya: I think you need to pick one of the three options sooner rather than later.
Misaki: Well, being a Speeder is out.
Masaya: You never know, you might surprise yourself.
Back when we first met, she ended up flying even more beautifully than me.
Misaki shakes her head, however.
Misaki: I don't think being a Speeder suits my personality.
Masaya: So you'll take the Fighter route, then?
Misaki shakes her head again.
Misaki: I'm gonna aim to copy Inui-san's style. I think that's the most realistic approach.
Masaya: Okay.
It's hard to see how Misaki could become the kind of Fighter or Speeder she'd need to be to best Inui. They don't exist yet.
However, Inui does exist. There's a basis to work from.
Misaki: Feels a bit unfair to try and win by copying her, but desperate times call for desperate measures.
Masaya: Mhm...
Misaki: I know it's taken some time, but... I've finally made up my mind.
Masaya: Good.
Misaki: So, like...
Masaya: Hm?
Misaki takes half a step closer to me.
Misaki: ......
She's now slightly too close for a normal conversation.
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: I really like you, Masaya.
Masaya: Huh? Huuuh?!
Misaki: I really like you, Masaya. How do you feel about me?
Masaya: Hold on! Like, you just said, but this doesn't... Like, how did you end up, that's not where the conversation--
Misaki: Don't sweat the small stuff. I've made up my mind, so now it's your turn. Otherwise, it's no fair.
Masaya: Shit!
Misaki: Shit? You're gonna swear after a girl confesses to you?
Masaya: Quit trying to pick a fight. I wanted to be the first to say it.
Misaki: Oh, you were thinking the same thing as me?
Masaya: I was. I recently realized how much I like you, Misaki.
Misaki flusters and awkwardly nods.
Misaki: O-Okay. I-I thought I m-might have been wrong. S-So, um, now I know I wasn't... I'm, uh... confused! I'm confused! Confused, I tell you!
Masaya: Yeah, now you're getting me confused too.
Misaki: D-Did you realize that I liked you too, Masaya?
Masaya: I think so... but I wasn't sure.
Misaki: You can lie, just try not to sound so vague.
Masaya: I knew.
Misaki: ...G-Good.
Masaya: Wh-What do you mean, good?
Misaki lets out a little laugh, face as stiff as a board.
Misaki: Like, it's good. I'll forgive you. We'll forget I ever said anything. You can say it first now. Hahahahahaha!
Masaya: Okay, here goes nothing.
Misaki: R-Right.
Masaya: Um... Misaki, I--
Misaki: Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Masaya: Why're you laughing?!
Misaki: Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! Knowing that you're about to ask me out h-has me so nervous I can't stop myself. Haha! Hahahahahahaha!
Masaya: You're making this <i>really</i> hard!
Misaki: Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha! I-It's not like I'm doing this on purpose.
Masaya: ......
I grab hold of Misaki's arms.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: ......
Misaki: My heart skipped a beat the moment you touched me. I can hear it pounding in my chest. Feels like i-it's about to explode.
Masaya: I'm in the same boat.
Misaki: Your hands are so warm, Masaya.
Masaya: Your arms are warm too, Misaki.
Misaki: Which ones are warmer?
Masaya: They're about the same... A-Anyway!
Misaki: Y-Yesh!
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
We look each other right in the eyes. Hers are clouded over, pulling me in toward them with no hopes of escaping.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
Time continues to flow as we just stand there, eyes locked.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
Misaki's breathing has grown ragged.
Misaki: Ah!
She's trembling slightly.
Masaya: You okay?
Misaki: I-I'm so nervous i-it feels like my legs are about to give out... It'd really help i-if you could hurry it up.
Masaya: Okay...
My throat is dry, the words stuck right at the back of it.
I force myself to swallow my saliva.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
Masaya: I really like you, Misaki. Will you go out with me?
Misaki: Y-Yesh... R-Roger.
Masaya: I'm gonna kiss you.
Misaki: Huuuh?!
Misaki suddenly tenses up even harder.
Masaya: I'm gonna kiss you.
Misaki: O-Okay... Oh, no!
Masaya: I'm kissing you.
Misaki: I-I just told you not too! Haaah, haaah, haaah... I'm out of breath, so I have to breathe through my mouth. If you kiss me now, I'll suffocate.
Masaya: I've never heard of anyone suffocating from a kiss before.
Misaki: B-But... Haaah, haaah, haaah... Can you really kiss while breathing through your mouth?
Masaya: Not sure... but I think you can.
Misaki: O-Okay. In that case... I'm ready, haaah, haaah, haaah! Kiss... Aaah!
Masaya: Wh-Why'd you scream?!
Misaki: My heart skipped a beat again when I said kiss. Haaah, ngh, haaah, haaah, haaah, my heart's... gonna explode...
Misaki leans forward like someone's pulling on her head.
Misaki: I-I'm ready!
I lean in as well.
Masaya: Mmmph!
Our lips touch, and in that instant hers seem to pucker up a little.
Misaki: Mmm, mmm! Mmmph, mmmph, mmm, mmmph!
Misaki's breathing hard through her nose.
Masaya: Mmmph, mmm!
I move my lips ever so slightly.
Misaki: Mmmph!
My heart skips a beat.
Her lips are so soft...
The way they're pressed up against mine feels so good.
Misaki: Mmmph, mmm, mmm!
Kissing feels amazing.
You always hear people say that, but I thought they just meant on an emotional level.
But that's not it at all. There's a certain emotional part to it, sure, but...
I didn't know that simply having someone else's lips against your own could feel good on a physical level. No one ever told me.
That's why I'm completely taken aback.
I can clearly feel how her lips are trembling ever so slightly.
I want more... What will happen if we keep going?
Just trying to imagine it makes the back of my head feel ready to melt.
What am I doing, imagining kissing while I'm already kissing?
I can't believe I want her this badly.
I take both my lips to Misaki's top lip...
Misaki: Mmmmmmmmm!
And then, I hold it between them.
Misaki: Mmm! Mmm! Mmm!
Every time I covet in her lips...
Misaki: Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm!
Misaki struggles for breath.
It's all kind of sexual. Hard to believe kissing alone can get us like this...
Unable to take it any longer, I finally lean away.
Masaya: Phew, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, mmm, ngh!
Misaki's tortured breaths blow over my face.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah... Y-Y'know...
Misaki gives me a nervous grin.
Masaya: What?
Misaki: I thought first kisses were meant to be more, like, all gentle and tender and stuff... Wouldn't a light peck have done the job?
Masaya: I-I guess so... Mmmph!
Misaki: Mmmph!
I gently peck her on the lips.
Misaki: Th-That's kinda late...
Masaya: Just got the order mixed up.
Misaki: I-I guess... Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Oh, I can't take it.
Masaya: Can't take what?
Misaki is trembling so much that I can see her shaking.
Misaki: My feelings for you are so strong that I just know this is bad!
Masaya: What's so bad about it?
Misaki: 'C-Cause I know I'm gonna start spouting all this embarrassing crap. I'm scared of myself, okay? I've never felt this way before... Ugh, I'm scared of how just kissing has made me get! I <i>really</i> like you!
Masaya: I really like you too, Misaki.
Misaki: Ughhh, I didn't wanna seem this pathetic around you! But I can't just not say it! I-I-I love you!
Masaya: That's not pathetic. Hell, it's anything but.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Misaki starts pounding my chest before bumping her head against it.
Misaki: I thought I could handle this fine... but a single kiss made me lose it. Ugh, I keep falling harder! What am I gonna do if I end up loving you more than this?!
Masaya: Sounds good to me.
Misaki: It's fine, but it's scary. You know how annoying I can be.
Masaya: You're actually aware of that?
Misaki: S-So, like... I dunno what's gonna happen to me.
Masaya: It's fine. I love everything about you.
Misaki: God, you're so cool! I don't even wanna be saying this! You're just so damn cool, Masaya!
Masaya: Why don't you want to say that?!
Her annoying side has surfaced already.
Masaya: I'm gonna kiss you again.
Misaki: What're you trying to do, make me fall for you even more?! You're gonna end up on a most wanted list at this rate!
Masaya: I just don't think I'll be able to sleep tonight if I don't.
Misaki: Ugh, f-fine.
Masaya: I'll be gentle this time.
Misaki: Th-That sounds... Gah... Great!
Why was there a "gah" in the middle there?
Masaya: Here I go.
Misaki: O-Okay.
Misaki stands as still as she was when Shirase-san was tuning her Grav Shoes. I don't really know how I'm meant to go about a gentle kiss. However...
I think as long as I take things slowly, everything will turn out fine.
I'm sure my feelings will get through to her if I do, and right now I want to be gentle.
And so, I convince myself that going slow will make that happen.
Misaki: Mmmph!
Time passes as I press my lips against hers and take things slow.
Misaki: Mmmph... Mmm... Mmmph... Mmm...
Misaki's nasal breathing is more relaxed than it was before.
I part from her.
Masaya: I love you, Misaki.
Misaki: Y-Yeah, I... love you too.
Misaki nods, her face bright red.
Misaki: I-I'm not going anywhere... So, um... make sure you don't either.
Masaya: I-I won't. Let me do this properly, though. Misaki, will you go out with me?
Misaki: O-Of course!
Misaki nods, her expression completely serious.
Misaki: Haaah... Mmm! Ngh, ah!
Masked Skywalker: Ngh! Huh? Mmmmmm!
Shirase-san looks up in wonder as Misaki and Mask go at it on the field above.
Shirase: Man, Misaki's movements have gotten a lot sharper over this past week.
Masaya: Yeah, she's improved tons.
Shion: She can even stop me once out of every three times while I'm going top speed.
Shirase: She's gotten pretty good at stopping Speeders, yeah. She's probably good enough to stop someone using Inui's tactics at the second line now.
Masaya: Yeah, but that's not all we have to worry about...
Shirase: The main issue is how she'll reclaim the height advantage when she finds herself below her opponent.
Masaya: Right. As things stand, she's just jumping to the next line whenever she finds herself at a height disadvantage.
Shion: I don't think doing that every single time Inui ends up above her is going to be much of a counter.
Masaya: It won't.
It might allow Misaki to keep things close, but she'd still have no hope of winning.
Assume that Misaki started off by jumping lines, allowing Inui to get the first point.
Misaki would have the height advantage on the second line, so Inui would jump to the next line, sacrifice the buoy to Misaki, and it would be 1:1.
Inui would then have the height advantage on the third line, since she got there first, making Misaki jump, resulting in a 1:2 score.
Misaki having the height advantage on the fourth line would make Inui jump again, bringing it to 2:2.
Then we'd be back at the first line, with Inui having the height advantage. Misaki would have to jump lines once again, and the score would be 2:3.
Not being able to dogfight on the first line means she'll always be trailing one point behind.
Misaki: Take this! And this!
Masked Skywalker: No! You shall not pass!
We've restored her Grav Shoes to their normal settings this time to try out various methods of regaining the height advantage from below. However, this has mostly resulted in her trying to blast through on sheer force alone.
Sometimes, she'll throw a feint to the right before ascending to the left.
Others, she'll openly broadcast her feint to throw Masked Skywalker off balance before pulling off a reversal.
Every so often, she succeeds and manages to regain the height advantage, but...
Shirase: This method is too risky to be reliable.
Masaya: Yeah. It might work as a surprise attack... but it's just too straight forward.
Shion: We need to change our line of thinking.
Masaya: Got any suggestions?
Shion: The overwhelming advantage of staying above your opponent is so simple, but no one ever realized it.
Shirase: So you're saying there might be an equally simple solution?
Shion: I think so. One of those things that'll make us go, "Why'd no one ever think of this before?" when we figure it out.
Masaya: Why'd no one ever think of it before, huh...?
Prez might be right on this one.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
I can hear Misaki panting for breath through my headset as I watch her shoulders heaving.
How would Asuka be faring if she was going through all this?
I know I shouldn't compare them, but...
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah...
I can't stop myself from wondering.
If Asuka were up there, she may have another flash of inspiration and figure out a way to break through.
Asuka's the type of person who can do it. Someone who can fly in a way that exceeds my expectations.
Can Misaki do that too?
I knew comparing them was wrong.
Misaki has her own strengths. It's my job to bring them to the surface.
Shion: Hm?
Prez suddenly looks behind him.
Masaya: What's up?
Shion: Isn't that Shindou?
Masaya: Huh?
Shirase: Oh, so it is.
Shindou-san is briskly walking toward us.
Shindou: Hey there.
Masaya: Hello, what brings you here?
Shion: He's here to finally take me on, of course! The summer tournament may be over, but it's time for us presidents to have our showdown!
Shindou: I'm too afraid of losing to you at the moment, Aoyagi-kun, so I'll have to pass.
Shion: Heh, running scared, are we?
Shindou: I take it that means you haven't given up on FC, then?
Shion: Of course not! I still haven't surpassed the speed of light.
Shindou: Great. Keep on giving it your all... I'm looking forward to seeing how far you'll go.
Their conversation ends without me being able to tell how serious either of them were actually being. Then, Shindou-san turns to face me.
Masaya: So, did you need something?
Shindou: Yes, there's something I want to talk about.
Shindou-san breathes a small sigh, then glances up at the sky.
Shindou: Whoa!
He arches backward like he's just been hit by lightning.
Masaya: Wh-What's the matter?
Shindou: Th-The Mysterious Masked Skywalker! The Mysterious Masked Skywalker who's totally devoid of technique and a complete weakling!
Masaya: Please don't say that, you're making me feel sorry for them.
It's depressing enough that they have no tricks up their sleeve despite the mask they're wearing, without bringing their strength into it too.
Masaya: They still have a lot to learn, but they take their practice really seriously.
They may be a little on the eccentric side, but I take my hat off to them for their hard work and determination.
Shindou: So that's what's going on, is it?
Masaya: ...What's going on?
Shindou: The mask was your scheme. Think you'd be kind enough to tell me the point of this strategy?
Masaya: I'm not scheming, and this isn't part of my strategy.
Shindou: Hehehe, you think I'll believe you when you're practicing with that oddball?
Masaya: I don't even know who Masked Skywalker really is. I asked Shirase-san to help out with Misaki's practice, and he brought them along. You should direct your questions to him.
Shirase: For the record, I don't know who Masked Skywalker really is, either. We're just acquaintances.
Shindou-san looks between the two of us.
Shindou: What are you two up to?
Masaya: We're not up to anything.
Shindou: Knowing Shirase-san, this could all be part of a masterplan. That man is godlike.
Shirase: Hahahaha, flattery won't get you any discounts.
Shion: Shindou, I think you have something more important to worry about than whatever those two are up to.
Shindou: I do?
Prez strikes a pose.
Shion: Haven't you been slacking on your deltoid training?
Shindou: Y-You think?
Shindou-san starts feeling up his own shoulders.
Shion: Often in FC, you'll need to throw out your arms to change your course. You wouldn't want to end up losing because you haven't trained your deltoids enough for that, would you?
Shindou: I wouldn't want to lose regardless...
Shirase: Mhm... Would you mind if I had a feel?
Shindou: If you really want to...
Shirase: I see...
Prez also reaches out.
Shion: Hm, these are quite the latissimus dorsi.
Shindou: Mmm... Ah, wh-why are you touching me like that?
Shirase: You're a bit tense. Try and relax, okay? We won't be able to get a feel for your muscle definition if you don't.
Shindou: Oh, okay... Mmm, ngh, haaah!
Prez and Shirase-san relentlessly rub their hands all over Shindou-san.
Shion: You're pretty good, Shindou. That's it, you're now an honorary Muscle Brother.
Shindou: Huh?
Masaya: ...When did you guys name yourselves that?
Misaki: Whoa?! What the hell? What's going on? This again, really? Oh, not Shindou-san too... To think he was one of them all along.
Before long, Misaki has flown down to us. She seems real surprised.
Shindou: No, Tobisawa-kun, this isn't--
Shion: We're not handing Shindou over.
Misaki: God, the two of you were bad enough. If he's like that, you can keep him.
Misaki hangs her head in disappointment.
Misaki: Haaah... At this rate, it's only a matter of time before Masaya goes to join you on Planet Brawn.
Masaya: Um...
Masked Skywalker: Masaya-san's joining them?! Not a bad idea!
Masaya: What?!
Misaki: Are you a fan of muscles, Mask?
Masked Skywalker: On occasion!
Misaki: Yeah, I guess they are kinda sexy.
Masked Skywalker: D-Don't say that word! Have you no shame?! To the gallows with you!
Misaki: Don't mind if I do.
As the conversation heads in its usual direction, I clap my hands to bring it to a stop.
Masaya: Okay, that's enough nonsense. You came here for a reason, right, Shindou-san?
Shindou: I heard you and Tobisawa-kun had split off from your club, so I wanted to see what was going on. Why didn't you ever speak to me about it?
Masaya: I'm sorry. I thought about speaking to you, of course, but I didn't want to turn this into a whole big thing...
Having Prez and Masked Skywalker help out is no big deal, but having someone as good as Shindou-san helping could have come with a whole host of problems.
Him coming to help us out would've been big news, which probably would've brought the split in our FC club to light. I can't even begin to imagine what kind of a messy situation that would turn out to be.
Besides, it would've been inconsiderate to the students at Takafuji.
Shindou: I wouldn't have been able to help if you'd called me anyway.
Misaki: Huh, why not? Please join us!
Shindou: Kurashina-kun's practicing at our school, but I'm not getting involved in her practice sessions either.
Masaya: Why not?
Shindou: Because I don't think it's a good idea for me to have any influence over who wins when it's time for them to face each other.
Masaya: You sure you're not overthinking this?
Shindou: I have a rather big mouth on me, you see.
Masaya: Oh, so that's what it is.
Shindou: Mhm...
Asuka's training to beat Misaki, and Misaki's training to beat Asuka.
Shindou-san's making sure he doesn't leak what's going on in either of their sessions.
Shindou: That being said, there is something I want to show you.
Masaya: What's that?
Shindou-san pulls a laptop out of his bag.
Shindou: A video of Kurashina-kun's match.
Masaya: Asuka's match?
Misaki: ......
From a corner of my eye, I see Misaki clenching her fists. I'm scared, but I don't have time to confirm things.
Masaya: So, who was her opponent?
Misaki: The fact you're showing this to us means it wasn't Satouin-san or Ichinose-chan, I'll bet.
Shindou: Saki Inui.
Masaya/Misaki: Ah...!
Masaya: Ah...!
Misaki: Ah...!
Masaya: Aoi-san said she was gonna put Asuka through all the practice matches she could. You're telling me Inui accepted one of those?
If so, it might not be a bad idea for us to just go ahead and propose a practice match of our own.
Shindou: Oh no, Kurashina-kun wasn't the one who asked for the match.
Masaya: You mean Inui did?
Shindou: Exactly.
So Inui took an interest in Asuka? No, I'll bet it was her second, Irina, who did.
She did say all those things about her back at the summer tournament.
Shindou: She suddenly arrived at our school by helicopter.
Everyone: Helicopter?!
Masaya: Helicopter?!
Misaki: Helicopter?!
Shion: Helicopter?!
Masked Skywalker: Helicopter?!
Shindou: Hahahaha, impressive, huh?
Shion: That's not impressive at all. A helicopter will never travel faster than light speed no matter how hard it tries.
Masaya: You're the only one who can go faster than light speed, Prez.
Shion: I knew you'd get it, Hinata!
Shirase: Inui-chan must be rich if she's using a private helicopter.
Shindou: I don't know the details myself, but I'm pretty sure it's Irina-kun who's rich.
Masaya: Don't you know anything about Inui, Shirase-san?
Shirase: She's been on my radar for a while now... My job has me talking to people related to FC a lot, so I get information even when I'm lounging around the store. Hm, let me look into it.
Misaki: So, what happened after the helicopter landed?
Shindou: She demanded that we let her have a match with Kurashina-kun. She's been coming to us a lot for practice since the training camp.
Must be because her only other training partner was Mashiro.
All because Misaki and I left...
A dull pain spreads through me. I can't tell if it's regret, self-loathing, malice, jealousy, or what.
Asuka's smiling face floats across my mind. The smile of someone who truly loves FC.
I take deep breaths to blow away the pain. There's no turning back time, and there's no point in dwelling on the past.
Right now, I have to focus on Misaki, and only her.
To do otherwise would be to do a disservice to both her and Asuka.
Shindou: Ms. Kagami was opposed, but Kurashina-kun insisted she wanted to do it.
Masaya: I guess Inui's second was Irina-san, but who was Asuka's? Aoi-san?
Shindou: Irina-kun said she'd have been fine with that, but having one second be a teacher would have made things unfair. Ms. Kagami was once a distinguished Skywalker in her own right, too.
Misaki: Was it Mashiro, then?
Shindou: Satou-kun handled it.
Masaya: Satou-kun? Oh, you mean Satouin-san.
Shindou: Those two really seem to get along. Satou-kun's been putting in a lot of effort with Kurashina-kun. Apparently they plan out new tactics together all the time.
So they ended up hitting it off, huh? Satouin-san sure is open-minded. Being able to accept her defeat and become friends must be tough.
Can't say I'm all that surprised, though.
Misaki: So, how'd the match turn out?
Shindou: That's what I'm about to show you. It was pretty strange.
Shindou-san starts the video.
Misaki: Ah...!
By the time the video's over, Misaki is left speechless.
Misaki: Ngh...
We continue to stare at the black screen.
Shindou: Well?
Misaki: U-Um...
Misaki's mouth flaps open and shut for a while as she tries to answer.
Misaki: This is, um... This is...
She looks over at Masked Skywalker.
Masked Skywalker: The same as what we've been practicing.
Masaya: Yeah, identical.
Shindou: Makes sense that you've made it this far as well, Tobisawa-kun.
The match went as follows:
Asuka jumped to the second line, allowing Inui to touch second and score a point.
Inui then proceeded to fly along the next line as fast as she could until Asuka body blocked her. Inui used the recoil from this to gain the height advantage.
Realizing that, Asuka immediately jumped to the next line, relinquishing the buoy to Inui and making it 0:2.
On the third line, Asuka made sure to always stick to a height where she'd be able to block Inui. She changed her height to match Inui's movements as she moved up and down while traveling along the line. Realizing what Asuka was doing, Inui jumped to the fourth line.
Asuka touched the buoy, making it 1:2.
The rest of the match played out with someone shortcutting the moment they lost the height advantage.
Final score: 5:7. Inui won.
Shirase: Guess that means we're barking up the right tree?
Masaya: I guess so... But something felt off.
Shion: The two of them were acting strange.
Masaya: Yeah, I agree.
There's a reason for that.
Misaki audibly gulps.
Misaki: The two of them are hiding something.
Shirase: Seems like it. That's why the match played out the way it did.
Masaya: Asuka wouldn't have let the match play out like that if they weren't.
Misaki: Yeah, she wasn't performing the way she usually does.
She'd never jump to the next line so readily when she's trailing on points. Not without trying to put up a fight, at least.
Everything I know about Asuka tells me she would've done everything she could to come back from a two point deficit.
Masked Skywalker: You're saying these two people who need sending to the gallows are hiding something?
Masaya: That's one way of putting it...
Shirase: I bet it's a way of regaining the height advantage from below.
Shindou: I knew it...
Masaya: You think so too, Shindou-san?
Shindou: Yeah. Neither of them wanted to show their trump card before the fall tournament.
Misaki: The fall tournament...
There's a sense of panic in Misaki's eyes.
Shindou: I think Inui-kun's intent was to crush Kurashina-kun, a rising star, but she completely failed.
Masaya: Neither of them showing their trump card means we have bigger problems than whether someone was crushed or not.
They both displayed how far they could go.
But at the same time, they kept their true potentials hidden.
Misaki: Our main issue is working out how to reclaim the height advantage from below, right?
Shindou: I've been thinking about that too, not that I have an answer to the question yet.
Masaya: You didn't ask Asuka or Satouin-san about it?
Shindou: I couldn't. I'd have been way too tempted to tell you or Tobisawa-kun about it.
Shindou-san shrugs his shoulders.
Shindou: As badly as I want to know what the answer is, that just wouldn't have been fair.
Misaki exaggerates a pout.
Misaki: Booo! You could've just told me in secret. Shindou-san, you big meanie!
He forces a smile.
Shindou: You know I couldn't have. I just thought it was okay to show you this match, since everyone from our FC club saw it anyway.
Masaya: I really am grateful you did. It's a great reference.
Shindou: Well, that's all I came here to do.
Shindou-san puts his laptop away in his backpack.
Masaya: You're not gonna watch us training?
Shindou: Tobisawa-kun's in the middle of her secret special training, right? I better not, unless you want me to blab to others about it.
Misaki: It's really not that big a deal.
Shindou: Even so, I think this is for the best. See you around, guys.
Masaya: Actually, Shindou-san, could I have a moment?
Shindou: What's up?
Masaya: I wouldn't want to keep you, so how about I walk with you?
Shindou: Sure.
Masaya: Misaki, you keep on practicing with Mask in the meantime.
Misaki: Rogeeer!
Misaki mutters, clearly displeased.
Shindou: I doubt anyone will hear us now that we're this far away. What was it you wanted to ask?
Masaya: You're the only one who's been up against Misaki, Asuka, and Inui.
Shindou: I hadn't realized... But yeah, I guess so.
Masaya: Would you mind sharing your impressions of them with me?
Shindou: ...Just what is it you want from me, Hinata-kun?
Masaya: Just your impressions, that's all.
Shindou: That's a difficult question. The easiest person to answer for would be Inui-kun. Playing against her is like thinking you're going into a soccer match only to find out you're playing baseball.
Masaya: I think I know what you mean.
Shindou: It's like thinking you're going into a swordfight, then having your opponent pull a pistol on you. It's an entirely different game.
Irina-san said something along the same lines, about how what Asuka and Shindou-san were playing wasn't FC.
Masaya: You did well to match Inui, then.
Shindou: I was desperate. Everything was so different that I realized I just wasn't good enough straight away.
Impressive, if unsurprising, that he came to that conclusion.
Shindou: It's too bad I wasn't able to win, but that match was shocking enough to make losing seem inconsequential.
Masaya: I don't know if it's fine for me to ask this, but...
It feels rude to keep asking questions about a match he lost, but I need to.
Masaya: How'd you feel after the match?
Shindou: Like everything I'd worked so hard for was useless. I thought about quitting FC.
Masaya: I understand, trust me.
The feeling of losing. The feeling of seeing someone far better than you.
They make you want to run away from reality.
Masaya: Why didn't you quit?
Shindou: Because I thought it was fun, too.
That's probably the same way Asuka sees things. A viewpoint I was never able to reach.
Shindou: The entire history of FC is based around things changing on a fundamental level. Don't you think that's what makes it fun?
Masaya: ......
Shindou: We're in the middle of forming what FC will be. We're lucky we get to play right as it's being developed. The Skywalkers ten years from now will play a version of FC that we've perfected.
Masaya: Maybe, yeah.
Shindou: But the only way for us to do that is by trial and error. Don't you think we're lucky to be participating in such an important era?
Asuka really is incredible.
I'm even more convinced of that now.
I think Shindou-san's opinion more or less matches up with hers. But there <i>is</i> a fundamental difference.
Shindou-san only came to this conclusion after considering giving up on FC.
He thinks it's incredible to be right in the middle of this maelstrom, even if it means everything he's practiced is now worthless.
I'm sure he had to convince himself of that.
But Asuka is different. The moment after she saw Shindou-san play Inui...
The <i>very moment</i> after...
She was excited.
Masaya: What'd you think about Asuka?
Shindou: I've never seen someone grow so much during a match. Kurashina-kun kept on getting better... It's tricky, but I guess I was afraid, and annoyed, but I was also delighted.
Masaya: ...You were?
Shindou: It's fun to see someone improve so much.
Does he really think that?
You know, I think he does. I enjoy seeing Misaki grow myself.
Shindou: She has talent, that's for sure... But I think there might be a frailness to her.
Masaya: You do?
Shindou: If she has someone to make up for that, she might just become one of the best players FC has ever seen.
Someone to make up for Asuka's frailness.
By all rights, that should have been me. But I've lost that position.
I don't hate Asuka, obviously. I like her, not in a romantic way, and I respect her too.
But I had to make my choice. I wasn't in the right frame of mind to coach everyone. I know that, yet...
I don't regret choosing Misaki either, but...
I can feel a dull pain spreading through me.
I wonder how and where Asuka's practicing right now?
The emotions spiral inside me.
Masaya: What about Misaki?
Shindou: That's who you wanted to ask about most, right?
Masaya: Yeah... Yeah, it was. What kind of player do you think Misaki is?
Shindou: Tobisawa-kun's...
Shindou-san throws his gaze down a few meters to the side of us as he searches for the words to use.
Shindou: An annoying player.
Masaya: Annoying...? What do you mean by that?
Shindou: First of all, I think she'd be a pain to coach.
Masaya: You could tell that from your match?
Shindou: Her stubbornness and strength of will were rather obvious. It can't be easy to coach a player like that. But that's also not what I meant by annoying...
Masaya: ......
Shindou: I mean that playing against Tobisawa-kun is annoying.
Masaya: Oh?
Shindou: Inui-kun's strength is her element of surprise. Kurashina-kun's strength is her ability to find the game fun. Tobisawa-kun's strength is how annoying she can be.
Masaya: Surprise, fun, and then annoying, huh? Misaki's the only one with a negative description.
Shindou: Hahahaha, you could take it that way, but I don't mean it like that.
Masaya: Really?
Shindou: Tobisawa-kun excels at the subtle techniques. That makes her annoying.
Masaya: You might call them techniques, but she basically just pulls them off through intuition alone.
Shindou: Yeah, I figured that out when we were in close combat during the last training camp. Those aren't the kind of moves you can simply learn to pull off.
Masaya: So she's an annoying opponent, huh?
Shindou: On a broad scale, she might not be the best. But on a smaller scale, I think she could be incredibly strong.
Masaya: You mean like during dogfights?
Shindou: Dogfights are part of it, but that's not all... I think her strength is best used if she can narrow the scope of the match.
Masaya: You do?
Shindou: Inui-kun dominates by using the entire breadth of the field, right? Well, I think Tobisawa-kun can do the complete opposite.
Come to think about it, when she first played against Shindou-san, she drew in from the front and gradually launched attacks at him. It was similar with Ichinose, where she narrowed the playing field against her and came out on top.
Masaya: Now that you mention it...
He's just given me something to think about.
Masaya: One more thing... It might be hard to answer, and it's kind of a ridiculous question, but would you mind?
Shindou: Go ahead. It's an honor to answer your questions.
Masaya: There's no need for flattery.
Shindou: I mean it. So, what's the question?
Masaya: Anyone can see that Asuka has talent. But, what do you think about Misaki, in comparison to her?
Shindou: I don't think you can simply say someone has talent or they don't.
Masaya: Right...
Shindou: You train and you practice, you build up experience through matches... and then, only at that point, can you compare talent.
Masaya: I know that.
There are those who get the hang of things only after an extensive amount of practice. There are those who may get the hang of everything at once right at the start, but struggle to proceed from there. Those people are of equal worth.
Nobody knows how long it will take someone to truly master something. That's why it's not as simple as just saying someone has talent, or that they don't.
Shindou: But, if I'm to speak from my experience... Tobisawa-kun is a genius.
Masaya: ......
For a moment, everything goes dark.
It feels like my legs have given out and I've slumped to the ground.
It takes a while for me to realize that I'm feeling relieved.
It's the feeling of eventual calm after a long storm.
Shindou: ......
My shoulders begin to tremble as I watch Shindou-san nod.
Something that I can only describe as joy begins to spread through me. I'm elated from the tips of my toes to the top of my head.
Yes! Misaki is a genius!
I yell that inside my mind to convince myself.
It's only now that I realize I've been waiting for someone to say that to me all along.
Shindou: Hehe, you're grinning.
Masaya: Am not.
Shindou: Though I think we're still too young to know whether someone's a genius or if they're just normal.
Masaya: You'd lift me up only to go and say that?
Shindou: My point is that making Tobisawa-kun believe she's a genius will help her get much further.
Masaya: You're saying that job's up to me?
Shindou: It is, Hinata-kun. If she believes she's a genius, she'll push herself further in an attempt to live up to that. It'll give her the belief that, one day, she'll be able to do everything she can't right now.
Masaya: So I should compliment her to help her grow?
Shindou: No. I'm saying you need to train her as a genius.
Masaya: So just treat her like one?
Shindou: Not quite. Anyone who can grow from believing they're a genius... is a genius.
Masaya: ......
Well, um, uh... I mean, that's a pretty good point.
My own instabilities are what made things worse for Misaki.
She tried to leave FC because I didn't believe in her.
Thinking back, it was probably Aoi-san's belief in me that helped me get so far.
And I was coaching without understanding that simple fact...
The regret hurts.
Emotions have built up within me to the point where I want to cry.
Those harsh things Shirase-san and Aoi-san said about Misaki were the same, I just didn't realize it.
They were questioning if I had the resolve to believe in Misaki, even if she was doomed as a player.
Their words were meant for me, not her.
Ugh, shit!
There was no malice behind what they said. Even I know that much.
All they wanted was to make me think.
My emotions continue to spiral within me.
Masaya: Thank you, seriously. I can't tell you how much I appreciate it.
Shindou: I'm just glad my advice has helped.
Masaya: It really has. Just, thank you so much.
Shindou: It's no big deal.
Masaya: It is to me.
My conversation with Shindou-san has given me a lot to think about, and a lot of opportunities to seize.
I bow to him.
Masaya: Are you sure you can't be one of Misaki's practice partners?
Shindou: I'd be happy to, after the fall tournament.
But it'll be too late by then.
Shindou: Come now, don't give me those puppy dog eyes... I'd be more than happy to practice with you whenever, Hinata-kun.
Masaya: With me? Nah, I'll pass.
Shindou: I'll be waiting for you to change your mind.
He says that with a deadly serious expression.
I scream into my headset.
Masaya: Faster! Faster! Push those Grav Shoes to the limit! I know you can do this, Misaki!
Misaki: Meoooooooooooooooooow!
Everyone else had to skip today's practice, meaning it's just me and her. Our schedule today is focused on field flying.
Masaya: There's still more in there, I know it. Go go go!
Misaki: Nghmeoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow!
Her posture has her flying almost flat at the water's surface as she picks up speed. Just from looking at her, I can tell her arm and neck muscles must be strained to the limit.
Masaya: I know it's tough, but you'll definitely get stronger if you just push through it.
Misaki: Hmmeoooooooooooooooooow!
Fighter Grav Shoes have weak acceleration.
Misaki's wearing Laevateinn from Invade.
They're typical Fighter shoes with pretty fast initial velocity and pretty slow acceleration.
As typical as they may be, one doesn't simply fly according to their Grav Shoe specs. This is because the posture of the person wearing them has a large part to play.
Take, for example, the Enshuus from Mizuki. They were developed as Fighter Grav Shoes, but found popularity amongst All-Rounders.
What I wanted to find out was what top speed Misaki could reach in her Laevateinn, and how long it took for her to reach that speed.
In a hypothetical scenario where Misaki simply had to wait out twenty seconds to win the match, and she was further up the line than her opponent, would her best option be to shoot for the buoy at full speed or block her opponent's path?
Or in a case where she needed to score one point in those twenty remaining seconds to win. Should she aim to touch the buoy or her opponent's back?
These are all valuable statistics when having to make a judgment in the heat of the moment.
Misaki: Hmmeoooooooooooooooooow!
Masaya: Keep going, you can do this!
I yell to try and motivate her.
But I think we're at the end here.
I expect Misaki's gotten everything she can out of her Grav Shoes. It won't matter how much effort she puts in now. This is the limit.
Masaya: Okay, break!
Misaki: Aaaaaah!
Inertia carries an exhausted Misaki away from the field. She slowly rotates to face me while being carried off in the opposite direction.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
Masaya: You okay?
Misaki: I'm fine. Totes fine, just tired.
Maybe I had her flying at full speed for too long.
It's not exactly the easiest thing for Fighters like her to do.
Masaya: Come down here and get some water.
Misaki: Ugh... I wanna, but I can't fly that far.
Masaya: Okay, I'll bring some up to you. Try not to float away.
Misaki: Candy too! There's some in my bag.
Masaya: Seriously?
I'd rather she didn't eat too much.
Misaki: C'mon, just a little. You're the one who told me the body needs sugar for upkeep and recovering from exhaustion, Masaya.
Masaya: I <i>did</i> say that...
I was talking about the sugar in sports drinks. I'm not sure the sugar in candy is good for you.
Oh well, a little can't hurt.
This is stressful training. No need to add the stress of a candy ban on top of that.
I grab hold of the drink and the candy.
Masaya: FLY!
I activate my Grav Shoes.
Misaki: Ugh... Haaah, haaah... Haaah, haaah...
Misaki's limbs are all hanging loosely by her sides.
Masaya: Good work. Have some water first.
She immediately snaps back to life.
Misaki: No, candy comes first!
Masaya: ...Isn't your mouth all dry?
Misaki: So what?
Masaya: Uh, it'll be hard to eat?
Misaki: A little old thing like that won't get in the way of me eating candy! To the gallows with you!
Masaya: Don't mind if I do. Okay, fine. It's your choice what you do first. I'm gonna chuck some over, so make sure to catch them.
Misaki: Yeah, yeah.
Since coming into contact would make our membranes repel each other, we can only hand things from person to person by throwing them.
I make a gentle underhand throw at Misaki's chest.
Misaki: God, I've been waiting for this! I'm starving! Hehehe, time to gobble you up.
She opens the bag and pops some of the chocolate covered candy into her mouth.
Misaki: Wow! The exhaustion makes it taste even sweeter than usual! Man, this is what my hard work was for.
Masaya: That's your reason for practicing?
She's like an old man who's just finished a round of golf or come out of the sauna.
Misaki: I'm so dehydrated that it's hard to swallow, but I have to say it's not that bad.
Masaya: What are you, a masochist?
Misaki: Oh please, I'm still just a beginner. Apparently when you get really advanced, you learn to enjoy the feel of powdered candy sticking to the insides of your throat.
Masaya: Sorry, what were we talking about again?
She just said something completely incomprehensible. I feel like anyone who's gone that far needs to reconsider their life.
Misaki: Mmm! Enough! I would be most obliged if you could hand me my water now.
Masaya: Why're you talking like that?!
I ask that question as I throw her the bottle.
Misaki: Dunno, but I hear people talking like it all the time in the historical shows my grandma watches.
We chat while Misaki grabs the bottle and pops open the lid.
Misaki: Mgh, mmm, mmmmmm... Pwaaah!
She downs the drink in one go.
Misaki: Okay, catch!
Masaya: Sure thing.
I catch the bottle in both hands to make sure I don't drop it.
Misaki: Haaah...
Masaya: Still feeling tired?
Misaki: That's part of it.
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: Hm...
Misaki stares out over the horizon.
I follow her gaze.
Masaya: Can you see something?
Nothing seems out of place to me.
Misaki: Hm... There's a cluster of UFOs flying over there.
Masaya: Huh, there is?
I think about asking if she's developing floaters, but think better of it.
In any case, I don't see any UFOs on the horizon.
Misaki: Did you know that UFOs can take on many different shapes?
Masaya: Nope.
Misaki: There's the Adamski types, the cigar types, etc. My dad has some really old books on UFOs that I read when I was little.
Masaya: Oh?
Misaki: UFO stands for unidentified flying object. Anything that flies in the sky that you don't know the true nature of is a UFO.
Masaya: ...There is that crazy conspiracy theory that says the technology behind Grav Shoes was handed to us by aliens.
Misaki: I've never heard that one before.
Masaya: ...I think it's time for you to get to the point.
Misaki: Just wondering if a cluster of UFOs is gonna fly over soon.
Masaya: Can we end this conversation already?
Misaki: As my coach and boyfriend, you should be able to humor your girlfriend-cum-player with whatever conversation she pleases.
Masaya: ...Okay, go on.
Misaki: Haaah, geez. You can be so cold sometimes. Like... have you ever just hoped a meteorite would come crashing down?
Masaya: I hear people in the trade will pay a fortune for meteorites.
Misaki: Seriously?! Twinkle twinkle, little meteor, how I wonder when you'll crash down to Earth.
Masaya: Kinda sounds like you're singing a baby to sleep, despite the questionable lyrics.
Misaki: It's a good song.
Masaya: Just get to the main point already!
Misaki: I've been on the main point this whole time!
Masaya: UFOs and meteorites?
Misaki: Yeah, like if a UFO did fly over here, it wouldn't really be the time for playing FC, would it?
Masaya: Huh...? If you take the U and O out of UFO and add a C, you get FC.
Misaki: Whoa, what a discovery! I think we've just uncovered a conspiracy by the American government, Hinata-kun!
Masaya: Yep, I think we're onto something here. So, what's with this meteorite business?
Misaki: Just hoping like, if a meteorite did fall, maybe it would land on my foot and gimme a sprain.
Masaya: ...What do you mean?
Misaki: It doesn't even need to be something that unrealistic. The meteor could fall on the site of the fall tournament and destroy it. That way, the whole thing'll get called off.
Masaya: That sounds pretty unrealistic to me.
Misaki: Or I could just be walking down the road when a bike comes speeding along and breaks my leg.
Masaya: Huh? You want to get injured?
Misaki: Yeah, I do.
Masaya: Can't believe you're saying that with a straight face. It'd be one thing if you were talking about how to <i>avoid</i> getting injured...
Misaki: Honestly, I want to get injured in a way that's not my fault at all. It'd be nice if I couldn't participate in the fall tournament, or it got canceled, and there was nothing I could do about it.
At long last, I finally understand what she's talking about.
Masaya: So that's what's going on...
Misaki: Do you understand how I feel, Masaya?
Masaya: Yeah, I used to think like that a lot. I'd hope a giant monster would appear out of the ocean and ruin everything.
Misaki: Oh, that'd be great. But it's not very realistic.
Masaya: Less so than a meteorite, I guess. Are you worried about the match?
Misaki: ...Yeah. I am. I'm <i>super</i> nervous.
She doesn't know if she'll win. She doesn't even know what her opponent might do. And yet, she has to go up against them anyway.
She has to participate in the tournament anyway.
I know what it's like to hope you might come down with a minor sickness so you can run away from it all. Or, at the very least, if you went and lost, you could just blame it on your illness.
Masaya: Everyone who plays in sports like ours thinks things like that at least once. It happens all the time.
Misaki: I see. It happens all the time, huh?
Masaya: You want to run away from the match, right?
Misaki: I want to run. I want to quit FC.
Masaya: Hey, I thought you said you'd made up your mind.
Misaki: I did! That's why I'm practicing, and why I'm simulating matches with the Mr. Shitous on my days off from practicing!
Masaya: I know that.
Misaki: Then don't be mean and start questioning my motivation!
Masaya: That was mean?
Misaki: Obviously! I'm practicing because I made my mind up. If I hadn't, I wouldn't feel like this!
Masaya: Right.
It's because she's actually taking this seriously that she's getting anxious.
Masaya: Sorry, I shouldn't have said that.
Misaki: Apologize!
Masaya: Um, I already said I'm sorry?
Misaki: Ughhh! Ughhhhhh! Grrrrrrrrr!
Masaya: Don't growl at me.
Misaki: I hope my Grav Shoes break mid-flight and I get so badly injured that I can't compete in the fall tournament! Bring it on, world!
Masaya: You shouldn't say things like that.
Misaki: I wouldn't say them to anyone other than you!
Masaya: That doesn't make me feel better.
Misaki: Inui-san... Asuka... How do you think they're practicing right now? How much do you think they've grown since the summer tournament?
Masaya: ......
Misaki: I haven't even found a way to reclaim the height advantage from below!
Masaya: You will, eventually.
Misaki: I-I have FC on my mind all the time, even when I'm sleeping.
Masaya: Same here.
Misaki: No! You're thinking about my FC playing, but <i>I'm</i> thinking about <i>my</i> FC playing.
Masaya: That <i>is</i> the same thing.
Misaki: No. I'm the one who'll win or lose.
Masaya: True.
No matter how much I try and support and protect Misaki, at the end of the day, she's the one who'll win or lose, not me.
Misaki: I made up my mind, ditched our club, practiced so hard, had you, Shirase-san, Prez, and Mask help me. But... But... But... What if...
Masaya: ......
She trembles.
Misaki: What if... I lose? What do I do if that happens?
Masaya: Nobody would blame you.
Misaki: I know that. But it's just, I'm practicing so hard every day. If I lose, then... what even am I?
Masaya: ......
Misaki: I'm practicing so hard that if I lose, I have no excuses. No one can say that I wasn't taking it seriously... I can't even try and convince myself there was more I could've done. It's scary!
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: Can I hold it together if I lose? What... What'll happen to me?
Misaki's face is flushed.
Misaki: I don't want to lose to Inui-san <i>or</i> to Asuka. It's not that I want to win, I just don't want to lose. I can't even imagine how I'll feel if I do. I don't want to lose, that's all it is.
Masaya: Nobody can help you. If you lose, you just have to accept it.
Misaki: I can't accept it! I'm taking this so seriously! I know it's cliched, but I'm literally giving it my all. So if I lose... If I lose, it'll be like I've lost everything too. I'm scared.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: I'm sure I'll feel dead. They may as well send me to the gallows. I'm gonna die. Obviously, I won't actually... but part of me will.
Masaya: You wouldn't think like this if you weren't taking practice seriously, right? So it's a good thing.
Misaki: Maybe... Man, I don't even know anymore. If I'd never started taking FC seriously, I never would've had to feel like this, right?
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: So I want to quit FC. Obviously, I can't, but I want to. What is this? What is this feeling?
Masaya: Just the overwhelming feeling of not wanting to lose. That's all.
Misaki: Is there any point to feeling like this?
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
Masaya: I don't know if there is.
Misaki's face is a mix of relief and disappointment.
Misaki: Hahahaha, yeah... Sorry for all the weird questions.
Masaya: But...
Misaki: Hm?
Masaya: I bet this is easier on you than when you said you were gonna quit FC. Harder on the body, but easier on the heart.
Misaki: Hm, I dunno. Maybe... Yeah, you may be right. I don't think that's quite the right way of putting it, but I do feel like I'm making progress, so...
Masaya: Yeah. If you weren't... I'd be the one suffering.
Misaki: You would?
Masaya: Yeah. You shine much more now, trying to push ahead, than you did when you were moping around depressed. I hope you can see things that way, too.
Misaki: I'm shining! I'm shining so brightly even I can tell! Whoa, that's weird. I can't believe you actually said that with a straight face.
Masaya: Quit teasing me! Also, you're making it sound like this is the first time you've felt this way, but that's not true, is it?
Misaki: I'm pretty sure I haven't felt this way before.
Masaya: And <i>I'm</i> pretty sure you felt this way while watching Asuka's and Inui's matches at the summer tournament.
Misaki: Ah...!
Masaya: You didn't want to lose back then either, right? But you didn't want to admit how you felt, so you ran away. Which was worse, the way you felt then, or the way you feel now?
Misaki: ...I guess you've got a point. I can't remember it all that well now, but it was really tough.
Masaya: Running away makes some things easier, but it makes other things harder.
I know that all too well.
You have to spend every single day facing up to the fact that you can no longer fly.
Masaya: I don't know how you'll end up feeling, but I'm never letting you get away from me, so be ready.
Misaki: Great, you're a <i>total</i> stalker now.
Masaya: Quit teasing me.
I really want this to get through to her, so I put my heart into my words.
Masaya: If there's a meteorite heading your way, I'll block it. If you're about to fall from the sky, I'll be your cushion. If a bomb goes off, I'll cover you.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: There's no running away, so don't even try. I'm taking you to the tournament no matter what.
Misaki: I won't run. Yeah.
She gives me a docile nod.
Misaki: Sorry, I just like, didn't know what to do about how I felt. I'm fine. Hahahaha, man, yeah. I've never taken anything so seriously before. It's kinda scary.
Masaya: I know how it feels.
The reason I was so traumatized after I first met Misaki was because of how seriously I was taking FC.
Despite all my hard work, I lost. Though, I guess it's more accurate to say I was under the mistaken impression that I'd lost.
I'm sure I took it so seriously that it ended up narrowing my field of view.
And that mistaken impression is what made me smolder for so long.
When what I really wanted to do was burn brightly...
Masaya: I'm jealous of how you can work so hard. I couldn't do that now, even if I wanted to.
Oh...
I actually just said that.
The moment I notice what I've done, my pulse quickens.
I can actually say these things now.
I didn't even realize I'd come this far.
Misaki: Hah! Foolish Masaya, suffer as you watch me fly!
Masaya: ...Don't mind if I do.
Misaki: Mmmmmm...
Misaki stretches out wide like a sleeping kitty.
Misaki: Right, well I <i>really</i> don't wanna lose, and I've made up my mind to practice hard, so you better put the screws to me, Masaya.
Masaya: Quit making it sound like torture.
Misaki: It practically is.
That's such a quick response that I find it hard to argue.
Masaya: Okay, we'll do some more field flying today. Same as before, but with Low Yo-Yos and High Yo-Yos mixed in.
Misaki: Meowch, this is gonna be tough! May as well give it a shot. Here I go, then!
Misaki throws the box of candy back to me.
Misaki: You can have the rest.
She smiles.
Misaki: About what we were just saying... I'm gonna have you get serious next.
With that parting remark, she flies off toward the field.
Me, huh?
There's a terrible pain inside my chest.
That dark beast within is poking its tongue out as it taunts me.
Misaki runs along the beach, raising her thighs high and kicking sand up behind her.
Misaki: Meow, meooooooooow!
She's been in great form ever since she resumed practice.
Masaya: Keep going! You've got this! Keep it up to the end!
Minamo: P-Please do your best... You can do this, Tobisawa-san.
Misaki: Yes, meow'am! Minamo-chaaaaaaaaaaaan!
Misaki crosses the line drawn in the sand.
Masaya: Nice one!
I stop the timer on my phone.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, mmm! How'd I do?
Masaya: That's a new personal best.
Misaki: I did it!
Minamo-chan starts clapping away.
Minamo: Amazing... You were like... a member of the track club.
Masaya: Probably faster than the weaker members of the track club, I bet.
Misaki: All thanks to Minamo-chan cheering for me.
Masaya: You did yell out her name as you crossed the finish line.
Misaki: You made that happen. Thanks.
Minamo: O-Oh no, I... didn't do... anything...
Shirase-san, Prez, and Masked Skywalker are all taking the day off today.
In exchange, Shirase-san asked Minamo-chan to come and cheer for us.
Misaki: Aight! That's it for today.
Minamo: Wait... we're... done already...?
Masaya: There's a heavy rain forecast for this afternoon, so we're taking the rest of the day off.
I feel like Misaki's been overworking herself lately, so I wanted to take the whole day off. However, she said she'd get too anxious if she did nothing, so we decided to squeeze in a little practice.
Minamo: U-Um... Here. My brother asked me... to bring this...
Minamo-chan reaches into her adorable bag and pulls out a paper bag from Shirase Sky Sports.
Masaya: What's that?
Minamo: It's... protein...
Misaki: Whoa! Is Shirase-san trying to get me to join the muscle brigade?
Minamo: I don't... think that was... his intent... U-Um... he said... it can help you recover... from fatigue...
Masaya: I think you've got the wrong idea here, Misaki. Protein isn't a steroid. It's not gonna make you super bulky.
Misaki: Huh, really?
Masaya: This type of protein isn't any different from what you get in food. You've never heard of anyone get horribly ripped from eating too much chicken, right? The only difference is you drink this while training to build your muscles effectively.
Misaki: Hm, I see now. It also helps recover from fatigue. then?
Masaya: Of course. One of the main things it does is help your muscles recover. Shirase-san advised we use it for that, so I imagine it's some sort of special mixture focused on that.
Misaki: Why didn't you make me drink protein before this, Masaya?!
Masaya: We were trying to get you to slim down, so I didn't think it was necessary. I guess I could have, though.
Misaki turns to Minamo-chan and emphatically bows her head.
Misaki: I'm sorry I was mistaken!
Minamo: Oh no, it's fine... This is just... a sample... My brother recommended it so... it should be... very useful...
Misaki: I see. Well, a sample's more than good enough for me. I'm really touched that he's worrying about me getting too tired. Say, Masaya, when should I drink this?
Masaya: Straight after exercising.
Misaki: So now, then.
Minamo: Shall I... make it... for you..?
Misaki: Yeah, if you're fine with it!
Minamo: Could I... borrow your... bottle...?
Masaya: Sure.
Minamo: Thanks...
Minamo-chan pours the powder into the water bottle and closes the lid.
Minamo: Shakey shake shake...
Then, she grips it tightly in both hands and starts shaking it around.
Misaki: You have to dissolve the powder in water before you drink it?
Masaya: You didn't even know that?
Misaki: I bet most people go their whole lives without drinking protein.
Masaya: Guess you have a point...
I think it sees some use in diets, but Misaki's probably never had to worry about that.
Minamo: Okay... All... done...
Misaki: Thanks, Minamo-chan!
Misaki pops the lid open.
Misaki: Um... I've never had a protein drink before... Do I just drink it like water?
Minamo: Yes... Please do...
Misaki: Okay, here goes nothing!
She raises the bottle to her mouth and begins to drink.
Misaki: Mmm, mmm... Mmmmmmmmm!
Minamo: Huh...?
Misaki: Ngh?! Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
She gulps down the liquid, then starts panting heavily.
Minamo: What's... wrong...?
Masaya: I can figure that out without asking...
Misaki: This is horrible! I've never tasted anything this bad! Why does this exist?! It kinda felt like I was poisoning myself!
Minamo: I don't think... it's poisonous...
Misaki: S-Sorry, I went too far. B-But, like... Um, this is <i>really</i> awful.
Minamo: It... shouldn't be...
Masaya: Protein just tastes bad.
Misaki: It does?
Masaya: High protein stuff is basically the same as sticking non-fatty meat in a blender to turn into a powder.
Misaki: If you'd told me that, I wouldn't have had any...
Masaya: There've been improvements lately, so apparently some even taste good. But most still taste like crap.
Misaki: Yeah but this is <i>worse</i> than crap.
Minamo: It smells... like a dog... left out in the rain...
Misaki: Yeah, that sums it up perfectly!
Masaya: Can't say it sounds all that appealing.
Minamo: But... it really is... good for you...
She stares at Misaki's stomach while she says that.
Misaki: Ugh...
If Minamo-chan wasn't looking, I imagine Misaki would throw the drink away, but she can hardly do that with how grateful she acted earlier.
Masaya: Want me to teach you a trick for drinking protein?
Misaki's eyes glisten.
Misaki: Yeah!
Masaya: Pinch your nose.
Misaki: Primitive, but logical!
Minamo: ......
Misaki stares at the bottle.
Misaki: Mmmmmmmmm, I've got this! Mgh, mgh, mgh, mgh, pwaaah! I drank it all! Thanks, Minamo-chan.
Minamo: Oh... no... I hope it... helps you recover...
Misaki: I can already feel my muscles regenerating!
Minamo: I-I'm... glad...
Masaya: Right, go get changed. We can head out soon.
Misaki: Sweet.
Minamo: You're... going somewhere... together...?
Masaya: Today's a stress release day. Figured we'd go hang out somewhere.
Minamo: But it's... going to rain... this afternoon, isn't it...?
Misaki: A little rain never hurt anyone. Besides, there are tons of places we can go and not get wet. A cafe, the movies, wherever.
Minamo: Cafes, movies... That sounds... like a... date...
Masaya: Yeah, something like that.
Minamo: ......
Misaki: No way. Dates are serious business. We're just hanging out.
Misaki waves her hands in front of her face, desperately denying that it's a date.
Minamo: O-Oh... I see. Well... I should get going before... th-the rain starts...
Misaki: Bye!
Masaya: Thank your brother for me.
Minamo: I-I will...
Minamo-chan bows to us, then trots off toward the road.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
I wait until she's too far away to hear us.
Masaya: Why were you denying it's a date so bad?
Misaki: Do you <i>really</i> not get it?
Masaya: Huh?
Misaki: Haaah...
Misaki breathes a short sigh.
Misaki: Looks like I've got my work cut out for me with you as a boyfriend, Masaya.
Masaya: What's that supposed to mean?
Misaki: We're done here. I'm gonna go get changed!
Misaki walks away.
Misaki enters the classroom, spins her arms, and heads toward the window.
Misaki: Wow, the sunset's so pretty.
Masaya: It was pouring before we went to the theater.
Luckily, the skies had cleared up by the time we left.
We'd just been walking and talking until we found ourselves by school, and decided to drop in.
I thought about going to the clubroom, but...
Masaya: (I couldn't bring myself to suggest it.)
I'm sure Misaki feels the exact same way.
Misaki: I don't hear the baseball club today.
Masaya: Doesn't look like a whole lot of clubs are practicing today.
Misaki: And I doubt anyone'll come back to the classroom, either.
Good point. If anyone was around, we'd probably see changes of clothes hanging over lockers, bags left on desks, candy wrappers in the bin, that sort of stuff.
Misaki: Think it's 'cause of the rain?
Masaya: Yeah, maybe everyone saw the forecast and went home.
I looked up the weather on my phone before the movie, and it had said the rain was gonna continue all night.
Seems the worst of it missed the island, though, so we have this beautiful sunset.
Misaki: Hahahaha, it's so empty that it feels like we've been left behind.
Masaya: ...Not me.
Misaki: What do you mean?
Masaya: Last time, you were the only one I had.
Misaki: You saying you're in love with another girl now?!
Masaya: You're the only one I love, Misaki.
Misaki: Ah...!
Masaya: It's embarrassing enough without you blushing.
Misaki: I-It's your fault for saying something that made me blush!
Masaya: You made me say it! When I said you were the only one, I meant... um, I'm not sure how to put this...
I know how I feel, I just can't put it into words.
Masaya: Just that you were the only one for me, in a bad way.
Misaki: What the hell? Don't be so depurressing.
Masaya: It's because how depressed you were was dragging me down, leaving me immobile.
Misaki: Okay, I feel bad, but why the hell are you so influenced by how other people feel?
Masaya: Because I loved you, obviously!
Misaki: Ah...!
Masaya: I told you not to blush!
Misaki: It's not like I can help it! You're the one who's getting me all hot and bothered!
Masaya: Well, anyway, when you told me you didn't want to get back into FC, trying to imagine the future gave me chills.
Misaki: You could have just, like, not, y'know? But anyway...
Misaki smiles at me.
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: Honestly, I was pretty surprised by how you acted back then.
Masaya: I know I said some pretty pathetic things. But then again, you knew I would, didn't you?
Misaki: Not like that, it's more... Hm, hahahaha...
Masaya: What's with the laugh?
Misaki: I was expecting you to just confess your love to me and start kissing me straight away.
Masaya: I was doing my best to tell you how I felt, and your mind just jumped straight to sex?
Misaki: What does asking someone out and kissing have to do with sex?!
Masaya: Good point...
Misaki: Yeah! Take this!
Masked Skywalker: Ngh! No! Just remain stationary!
Misaki: Ughhh! Now that's something I do mind!
Misaki, in the lower position, and Masked Skywalker, in the higher position, are on the field where they've been practicing for quite a while now.
Shirase-san, Prez, and I are looking up at them while we hold a strategy meeting.
Shirase: Hm, not quite.
Shirase-san erases the idea he's been writing on the whiteboard and starts again.
Shion: Oh? Tobisawa just drew Mask in, used a reversal, and gained the height advantage.
To "draw someone in" in FC terms is to use a feint or something to get your opponent to move down toward you.
It combines well with a reversal.
Shirase: A reversal, huh? There's a huge skill gap between Masked Skywalker and Misaki-chan, so she can make it work, but what if she was up against Inui or Asuka-chan? How many times would she be able to attempt it, and then how many times within that would it actually work?
I speak into my headset.
Masaya: Return to your positions and go again. No reversals this time.
Misaki: Roger!
Masaya: Mask, please ensure you don't get drawn in by any feints.
Masked Skywalker: Got it.
Shirase: Hm, what was Shindou-kun's advice again?
Masaya: To fight on a small scale.
Shirase: Hm, a small scale. I think I get what he's trying to say, but how do we get a solution out of that?
Shion: I wish Shindou had given us the answer straight up instead of this annoying riddle.
Masaya: He was just telling me it was something worth considering. I honestly doubt he even has an answer himself. Either way, I'm grateful he's given us a nudge in the right direction.
Shion: Hm, let's try getting our thoughts in order. Shirase-san, can I borrow the whiteboard?
Shirase: Sure.
Prez proceeds to draw a little figure of Misaki under the figure of Inui that Shirase-san drew.
Shion: Inui is hovering above here with Tobisawa here...
Masaya: You've got Misaki's limbs the wrong way.
Shion: Oh, I got up and down mixed up. I bet Tobisawa could pull this off, though.
Masaya: Why would you even assume that? I'm pretty sure she can't dislocate her joints at will...
Shirase-san smiles as he looks at the picture.
Shirase: It all makes sense if we just assume Misaki-chan's flying inverted as Inui draws in.
Masaya/Shion: ...Huh?
Masaya: ...Huh?
Shion: ...Huh?
Prez and I look at each other at the exact same time. We're definitely onto something here.
Something good.
Shion: Shirase-san, what'd you just say?
Shirase: Hm?
He looks confused as he stares over at me and Prez.
Shirase: What?
Masaya: You just mentioned inverted flight.
Shirase: Yeah, but... Oh!
Masaya: ......
Shion: ......
Shirase: ......
We all fall silent.
Masaya: Feels like we've got something, right?
Shion: Right.
Shirase: Inverted flight, huh...? Yeah, inverted flight.
I speak into my headset.
Masaya: Misaki, Mask, come down here. There's something we need to discuss.
Misaki: Oh, what's up?
Masked Skywalker: Hahahaha, to the gallows with you!
Misaki: Oh, yes. Don't mind if I do.
The two of them have their usual back and forth as they descend.
Misaki: 'Sup?
Masaya: Take a look at this.
I point at the whiteboard.
Shion: Inui's on top, Tobisawa's on bottom.
Misaki: My limbs are all pointing the wrong direction.
Masked Skywalker: This is a vision of you in the future, having been defeated by the Mysterious Masked Skywalker.
Misaki: Rude! I haven't done anything to deserve being crippled!
Masaya: The figures are of Inui-san and Misaki. You're not even there, Mask.
Masked Skywalker: Then allow me to fix it!
Shion: Huh?
Masked Skywalker snatches the pen from the president...
Masked Skywalker: There. Perfect.
Then, they draw a mask on the upper figure.
Misaki: When did me losing become a given?!
Masked Skywalker: It is merely a matter of time! To the gallows with you!
Misaki: Don't mind if I do!
Masaya: Um, anyway... Misaki, this is you flying inverted. What do you think?
Misaki: That's not much for me to visualize here...
Shirase: Well, none of us are better off, really. We just thought that inverted flight might be the answer.
Misaki: The answer? Masaya, what's going on?
Masaya: Look... say for instance, you could fly on your back as well as you could do normally. What then?
Misaki: ...Nothing would change?
Everyone remains silent for about half a minute.
Shirase: If you could do that, all of Inui's tactics would be rendered invalid.
Misaki: Huh?! Seriously?!
Shion: I was just thinking the same thing.
Misaki: Huh? Why would that happen?
I take two Mr. Shitous out of my bag. Then, I hold them pointing the same way, heads down to the ground.
Masaya: Look here. Inui's tactics revolve around maintaining the height advantage. While above your opponent, it's easy to monitor their actions, but the person below has a difficult time knowing what's going on above. That's where the advantage comes from.
Misaki: The upper Mr. Shitou can see the lower Mr. Shitou, but the lower Mr. Shitou can't see the upper Mr. Shitou.
I press the upper Mr. Shitou's face against the back of the lower one.
Masaya: Being in the upper position also makes it easier to target your opponent's back in a dogfight. The person below simply has to have their back to their opponent at all times.
Misaki: Boy, don't I know it from all this practicing.
Masaya: The person in the upper position can also use gravity to help them accelerate, but the person in the lower position has less potential energy, so they can't do it as effectively.
Misaki: Yeah, I've been forced to deal with this every single day during practice.
Masaya: And so...
I flip the lower Mr. Shitou around.
Masaya: Now both players can see each other.
Misaki: Huh? Oh, right... Now the lower player can look up, while the upper player keeps on looking down.
I bump the two Mr. Shitous' heads together.
Masaya: And if they enter a dogfight while they're both facing each other, they'd be completely equal.
Misaki: I see... So basically...
Misaki stares between the Mr. Shitous and the whiteboard before continuing.
Misaki: If I can fly inverted, it no longer matters who's above or below?
Masaya: With one exception.
Misaki: That would be, um... gravity?
Masaya: Exactly. The person above still has gravity to their advantage. That'll hold true even during a dogfight, but...
I press the Mr. Shitous together.
Masaya: When we consider your specialty is dogfights, gravity's no longer a deciding factor.
Misaki quickly alternates looks between me, Shirase-san, and Prez.
Misaki: You mean we've actually found a way to break through Inui-san's tactics?
Masaya: Maybe. But there's still a big problem.
Misaki anxiously opens her mouth.
Misaki: Which is?
Shirase: Inverted flight itself.
Misaki: I've never really flown inverted before. Is it difficult?
Masaya: I've never done it properly myself, so I dunno...
I turn to Shirase-san.
Masaya: There aren't many people who practice inverted flight, right?
Shirase: Nope. You can imagine how difficult it is. It may be doable enough for just flying for fun, but during a match is a whole different story.
Masaya: Yeah. Maintaining an inverted flight form is probably difficult enough.
Misaki: The problems start there? Won't you just get used to it?
Masaya: I doubt it's that easy to get used to it.
Misaki: I guess...
Masaya: The settings on Grav Shoes are set with normal, level flying in mind. The anti-graviton membrane created by the shoes makes it easiest to fly in that position.
Misaki: But Grav Shoes have all kinds of settings, yeah? Can't we just tinker with them to line them up with inverted flight?
Shion: Do you plan on flying inverted for the entire match?
Misaki: ...Oh. That's probably not happening.
Masaya: Changing the settings on your shoes for inverted flight would make it harder to fly normally.
Shirase: Might be interesting to spend the whole match flying inverted. No one's ever even considered an opponent like that, so you might even make it all the way to the national championships.
Shion: Hehehehe, this has gotten interesting.
Masaya: ...Not happening.
Shirase: Why not?
Masaya: If we put all our eggs in that basket, all it would take is for one player to work out a counter-strategy and we'd be ruined. Besides, you can only fly inverted when you're below your opponent.
Shirase: True. After you get the height advantage, you'll just be showing your back to your opponent.
Shion: Which means they'll just score one point off you after another... Also, maintaining the lower position would mean you can't use gravity to accelerate as effectively.
Masaya: Yeah. It's just more advantageous to fly normally. We may win the first tournament we go to, but that would be the end of it. I want Misaki to be the best player possible.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: Misaki's not the kind of person who'll win one tournament and let things end there.
Shirase: That so, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Dunno, you're better off asking my coach.
Shirase: I still think having a player specialized in inverted flight is an interesting idea.
Masked Skywalker: ......
Misaki: You gonna do it, Mask?
Masked Skywalker: I would not stoop to the level of stealing another's idea.
Misaki: Guess I'll give it a go, then.
Masaya: The ideal situation has you focusing on normal flying, while being able to break out inverted flight if the need arises.
Misaki: But there are still issues with the membrane, right?
Shion: Hehehehehe!
Masaya: Prez?
Shion: If you can't rely on the membrane, just rely on something else.
Masaya: Like?
Misaki: Oh, you mean...
Prez strikes one of his signature poses.
Shion: Muscles! Muscles are wonderful! Muscles are strong! No muscles, no life!
Misaki: Who stuck me in the universe where I become a Muscle Sister?!
Masaya: Hm, it might be a good idea to train your back muscles and abs to help maintain your form.
Masked Skywalker: Train your muscles!
Misaki: Isn't anyone gonna save me from a muscley doom?
Shirase: Hahaha! Let's not get too hasty here, guys.
Shirase: I think we need to test to see if inverted flight really can break through Inui's tactics.
Masaya: Better to test out a theory than debate it, huh?
Misaki: Aight! Let's get cracking!
Masaya: You okay with this, Mask?
Masked Skywalker: I'm ready whenever!
Misaki: Thanks, dude! I'm seriously so grateful! Thank you, really!
Masked Skywalker: Ah...! I simply participate to ensure your defeat at my hands! T-To the gallows with you!
Misaki: If it's for you, Mask, I really don't mind!
Shirase: Yeah, yeah. Get going, you two.
Misaki: Meooooooooooooooow!
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahahaha!
Misaki: Hmmeoooooooooooow!
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahahaha!
Misaki: Skreeeeeeeeeeee!
It's an all-you-can-eat Misaki buffet out there.
Shion: She's getting destroyed.
Masaya: That's fine, but Mask is being relentless.
Shirase: I told them to.
Masaya: Huh...? Told them to what?
Shirase: To find Misaki-chan's weakness and pursue it relentlessly.
Masaya: You really gave that order?
Shirase: Mask's not what you'd call mentally strong. Without firm orders, they'll cower in the face of a strong opponent.
Shion: All that shouting and grandeur is a way of boosting their courage.
Masaya: Oh, I see...
Shindou-san started yelling when playing against Asuka and Inui, too.
I assumed it was a tactic to make his opponents cower, but it seems part of it was to encourage himself as well.
Masaya: So that's what Mask's doing?
Shirase: Yeah. They're a timid, gentle person at heart. I feel like this might be working <i>too</i> well, though.
Masaya: You care a lot about Mask, huh?
Shirase: Huh? Y-You think? Pretty sure you're imagining things.
Masaya: No, I'm pretty sure I'm not...
Shion: Hinata, it would be uncouth to continue here.
Masaya: Uh, what?
Shion: You know, unsophisticated. That is to say, inelegant. You must never try to figure out the true nature of one who wears a mask.
Masaya: ...I see.
They're hiding themselves because they want to. I shouldn't be poking my nose into it.
Misaki doesn't have enough practice partners as it is, and it'd be hard to find someone else who'll work this hard.
So that's fine. But still...
Masaya: If I ever get the chance to pay Mask back for this, I definitely will.
Shirase: Thanks... So, what'll we do about the current issue?
Masaya: Let's have them come down for now.
I switch on my headset.
Masaya: Come down, you two.
Misaki: Hmmeooow!
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahaha!
Misaki is evidently exhausted. She approaches, unsteady on her feet.
Masaya: How'd it go?
Misaki: I could see more than usual, I guess, so in a way, it made the match easier to play. Also, we were facing each other, so I wasn't worried about my back being targeted.
Masaya: Those are some big pluses.
Misaki: I think those are the only good points right now, though.
Masaya: I'll bet. Things wouldn't have gone so bad up there if you only had good things to say.
Misaki: It's terrifying. Having your back to the sea instead of to the sky feels completely different. I thought I was gonna fall into the water at any moment. Also, it's hard to tell how high up you are.
Masaya: It is? How so?
Misaki: Well... normally, when you're flying, you can see all around you, yeah? Like I just have to turn my neck slightly to see that the beach is over here, and I can see way into the distance too.
Masaya: But you can't see that while flying inverted?
Misaki: Nope. Can't see a thing. I ain't kiddin' around!
Masaya: What's with the sudden Hosaka impression?
Misaki: I can't see anything but the sky. It's impossible to tell how high up I am without contorting into some weird angle or twisting the whole way around.
Masaya: Makes sense...
When flying normally, you can just tilt your head down to see the ground, but that's impossible when flying inverted.
Misaki: All I can see is the sky, the clouds, and the sun.
Shirase: So it's hard to tell where you are vertically, but what about horizontally?
Misaki: I <i>can</i> see the buoys, but it feels like there's way more angles where I can't see them compared to flying normally.
Shion: Couldn't instructions from your second help you work through that?
Misaki: Maybe, but like... not being able to tell myself was killing me.
Misaki: It'll probably be hard to dogfight without having any sense of distance.
Masaya: Right. Was there anything else that bothered you?
Misaki: The form, I guess? It made me feel all stiff, so I ended up responding to Mask's movements a moment late.
Masked Skywalker: Hehehe! Or perhaps the mask defeated you on raw strength alone?
Misaki: You suddenly outpaced me?!
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahaha!
Shion: So, what do you two plan on doing?
Masaya: As in?
Shion: The fall tournament. If you wanna beat Inui there, you're already starting a bit late.
Shirase: He's got a point.
Masaya/Misaki: ......
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
Misaki and I look at each other.
Shirase: Try out inverted flying, look into other options... or give up on being ready for the fall tournament... Those are your only options.
Masaya: ...I think it's worth trying out inverted flying. But in the end, the decision's up to Misaki.
Misaki: Haaaaaah, it's so perverted of you to say that when you already know what my answer will be.
Masaya: What's so perverted about it?
Misaki stares up at me.
Misaki: It's perverted that you're getting me to make the decision when you already know there's no way in hell I'll refuse.
Masked Skywalker: To the gallows with you!
Misaki: Don't mind if I do, Mask! Here's to working together until the fall tournament!
Misaki bows her head.
Masked Skywalker: ......
Mask is slightly taken aback.
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahaha! You think you can keep up with the mask?!
Misaki: I'll do my best.
Shirase: Right, that's our goal, then. We've gotta think up some ways to train.
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: Yep!
Misaki bounces up as she gives a giant nod.
Misaki: I'm so excited!
Masaya: You are?
Misaki: Yeah! This is the start of something new! We're all in this together! Isn't that awesome?
Masaya: Awesome, huh? Yeah, it sure is.
Shindou-san's words cross my mind.
He says we're lucky to be able to play FC while it's still developing.
I didn't doubt that he believed that, but I <i>did</i> think part of him was just trying to act tough.
I thought, maybe he'd convinced himself of that so it didn't feel like all the work he'd put in had been laid to waste by Inui.
But I was wrong.
We're all standing right in the midst of the storm of change, one that we influence ourselves. There's Misaki, there's Mask, there's Shirase-san, there's Prez...
And there's me.
Masaya: One thing!
Shirase: What's up?
Shion: Your face is red.
Masked Skywalker: ......
Misaki: You feeling hungry?
Masaya: I'm really glad we have this chance to work together!
My words are completely heartfelt, and yet...
Shirase: Hahahahahaha!
Shion: Hahahahahaha!
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahaha!
Misaki: Hahahahahahaha!
Everyone erupts with laughter.
As embarrassing as this is, everyone's smiling, so it's not all that bad.
Misaki: Ugh!
Masked Skywalker: Heh... Not on my watch!
Misaki: Here I go!
Misaki throws a feint as she flies inverted below Mask, ascending into a dogfight.
Masked Skywalker: Ah...!
Misaki: Shit!
Mask touches Misaki's back.
Shirase: Mask drew her in perfectly.
Masaya: Man, Mask's gotten really good.
Shirase: Well, playing against Misaki-chan and going through all those dogfights would help anyone improve. Inverted flight really does dull your reactions though, huh?
Masaya: Yeah.
Ten days have passed since we started practicing inverted flight.
Yet Mask is still able to keep Misaki in check and steal points off her.
Things are going pretty well, I think...
But there's one thought constantly running through my mind.
Summer break is almost over.
Is this too much for her to master in such a short time?
Misaki: Take this! Haaah, haaah, haaah, mmm!
Misaki's panting and her movements have gotten sloppy. Her concentration is evidently broken.
Masaya: Prez, could you switch with Mask?
Shion: Ooooookaaaaaay! I'm ready to fly whenever!
I switch on my headset.
Masaya: Mask, it's time to descend. Prez is up next. We'll switch to practicing stopping a Speeder.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah... Roger!
Shirase: Mask's gotten used to her moves, so they can dodge her attacks, but Inui herself might be too bewildered to do anything at first.
Masaya: Maybe...
I know Shirase-san's being considerate here. If Misaki or I end up feeling defeated by how things are going, everything we've done will be for nothing.
But his kindness doesn't help formulate our tactics.
Masaya: It's okay, Shirase-san. Neither of us have any plans of giving up now.
Shirase: That so? Then I may as well say it. Misaki-chan's not getting the hang of it.
Masaya: ......
Shirase: I kind of figured a genius like her would be able to master this in no time.
Masaya: Genius or not, I thought so too.
I think back to that one summer day where I was forced to see a vision of my future self.
How was Misaki able to do that if this is where she stumbles?
We're walking toward Misaki's house.
This area's full of old, historic buildings, making it seem far more refined than the new residential area where I live.
Misaki: Haaah, inverted flight is <i>way</i> harder than I thought!
Masaya: It's an uphill battle.
Misaki: I hate that I still can't do it right. Ugh, I hate it!
Masaya: Oh?
Misaki: Ugh! I hate it, I hate it, I hate it! To put it in terms you'll understand, I hate this ten times more than when that wild boar ravaged Grandma's field!
Masaya: Yeah, not sure I get that.
Misaki: I'm just saying I hate this more than you can imagine.
Masaya: ...Can I ask you something?
Misaki: Is it pervy? Honestly, you guys...
Masaya: Why would I do that at a time like this?
Misaki: Well, there isn't anything else you'd want to ask, is there?
Masaya: Of course there is! Tons of stuff!
Misaki: <i>Very</i> suspicious. I'm convinced it's a pervy question, but... go ahead.
Masaya: It's about that day we first met.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: You were flying even faster than me. Plus, your form was similar to mine, but even more beautiful.
Misaki: It was?
Masaya: This may be a weird question, but...
I assumed Misaki just happened to get the hang of things quickly, right at the start.
But then, why...
Masaya: Why are you only at this level when you were able to do so much in your first match?
Misaki: Huh? That's a tough question...
Masaya: I was pretty damn strong. How the hell did you manage to fly better than me when you were a beginner? It should've been impossible.
I'm embarrassed to be bringing up the past, but back then, I was good enough to represent Japan on the world stage.
Yet Misaki hadn't even competed in a regional, let alone a national. It's hard to believe she was a beginner.
Misaki: Yeah, but it happened, so...
Masaya: I get that you're lacking in stamina, but you should have won a national tournament or something by now.
Misaki: As if. I mean, obviously that hasn't happened.
Masaya: I just don't get it. Your form's still great, so why choose to be a Fighter? Wouldn't you have been better off as a Speeder or All-Rounder?
Misaki: Hm, well, I've always liked a good brawl. And when it comes to being a Speeder or an All-Rounder... Honestly, I'm not that confident in my form.
Masaya: Huh? I thought you said you could do anything?
Misaki: And I can. Like, if I actually tried, I could pull it off decently. But actually being a Speeder or an All-Rounder would be too much for me. Maybe I was just too idealistic in the past.
Masaya: Idealistic about what?
Misaki: It's 'cause you got the wrong idea, Masaya... You never tried to understand how I felt, so I never got a chance to tell you.
Masaya: Wrong idea about what? Weren't you just flying for fun?
Misaki forces a small smile.
Misaki: Half of me was. The other half of me was disappointed.
Masaya: About what?
Misaki: Remember how you suddenly quit on me? I thought you were angry 'cause of how bad I was.
Misaki: I went to the beach every day while I was staying at Grandma's house, hoping I'd get a chance to apologize to you.
Masaya: You did? Oh, I, uh... I'm sorry.
Misaki: I thought you were angry because my form was awful.
She forced herself to adopt another style.
Misaki: So I also thought it was better to not play as a Speeder.
Masaya: I don't really know what to say... I'm sorry.
I truly mean that. I just hope it can fix things after all this time.
Misaki: I'm the one who should be apologizing. Besides, there was another reason I couldn't be a Speeder or All-Rounder.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Misaki: If I really was flying that well, then it was 'cause you were next to me, Masaya.
Masaya: Maybe, but there are tons of people better than me. You can go online and see hundreds of videos.
Misaki: That wouldn't help. I wanted to feel it in person, to see it and smell it. I get the feeling that's what helps me grow.
Masaya: So that means...
Misaki: Hm?
Masaya: You've never met anyone better than me, and that's why you're still at the same level?
Misaki: I object to you implying I'm still at the <i>exact</i> same level... But I never met anyone else quite like you, Masaya.
So that's it, huh?
Lines are starting to form in my head between problems that I'd never really spared much thought.
Maybe the basis for Misaki's shock was that she was using tactics she couldn't comprehend simply by watching.
Sure, it might have been <i>surprising</i> if she'd been able to fly at insane speeds, or take insanely tight turns, or pull off insane Aileron Rolls, or do insanely fast Low Yo-Yos...
But that wouldn't have been enough to make her consider quitting FC.
You can't understand Inui's tactics simply by watching. You have to develop a mind for FC first.
That's what left Misaki in so much shock.
On top of that, she had to deal with the shock of Asuka readily understanding something she couldn't herself.
And then there's one more problem. The reason she's progressing slower with inverted flight than she expected.
She's never seen it before. Of course she hasn't. Tons of players end up flying inverted over the course of a match, but no one puts themselves in that position voluntarily.
She has no model to imitate, and that leaves her progressing at the same rate as any normal person.
That's okay, though. More than okay, actually.
Misaki: I'm sorry I've disappointed you by not being able to pull off inverted flight.
Masaya: I think it's a good thing.
Misaki: Why?
Masaya: Because you won't forget something that you put in hard work and effort to master.
Misaki: You think?
Masaya: A technique that you put in the effort to learn sticks with you way longer than one you learn instantly. It's far more ingrained in you. There's a mental aspect to it, too. It gives you the confidence to win with what you've learned.
Misaki: I see. Not sure I'm putting in quite as much effort as you're saying, though.
Masaya: But you are. I'm the one who's making you stop practicing at the end of the day. If I left you alone, you'd probably keep going until the sun went down.
Misaki: I wouldn't last that long... It only takes about three minutes from the start of practice before I'm going, "God, I can't take it" over and over in my head.
Masaya: But I'm still the one stopping you, so that you don't overwork yourself. Listen, you should know you're putting in a <i>ton</i> of work, okay?
Misaki: I-If you say so, Masaya.
Misaki goes strangely silent, then comes to a halt.
Misaki: You can leave me here. I'll be fine on my own the rest of the way.
Masaya: I'll see you back to your house.
Misaki: Nah, it's cool. I wanna be alone for a bit. Besides, if Grandma sees you, she'll get all like, "Why don't you introduce me to your <i>boyfriend,</i>" y'know?
Masaya: You could introduce me, though?
Misaki: No way! I've got a lot of building up to do before I'm ready for that. Here's fine for today.
Masaya: Okay. See you later.
Misaki: Bye!
Misaki waves me off before spinning around and walking right off.
I have dinner, take a bath, then start looking up the latest FC news online.
Inui's tactics still aren't proving to be much of a topic of conversation.
It seems that out of all the people in the audience, very few experienced the same shock as us.
That match between Inui and Shindou-san...
From a normal perspective, it just looked like Inui kept him in check the whole time and won that way.
But I imagine more people will realize that's not the case in the next tournament.
Masaya: The change in FC might all come from Shitou Island, huh?
As I gaze blankly at my monitor, my phone starts to ring on my desk.
Misaki's calling.
Masaya: What's up? Something wrong?
Misaki: Um...
Masaya: Hm?
Misaki: I was wondering if you could come meet me.
Masaya: Now? This late?
Misaki: I wanna see you. Though not for any pervy reasons. Are you disappointed?
Masaya: <i>Totally.</i> It really gets your hopes up when a girl rings to tell you they wanna see you this late at night.
Misaki: Wow, you're <i>actually</i> being honest!
Masaya: So, why do you wanna see me?
Misaki: Truth is... my body's burning up.
Masaya: Hm? So this is about sex?
Misaki: No!
Masaya: What then?
Misaki: I wanna fly!
Masaya: Huh?
Misaki: I just really wanna fly, and I want you to watch me. Please, don't say no.
Masaya: ...Okay.
Misaki: You gave in easily.
Masaya: And you told me not to say no. Besides, I used to do this all the time back in the day.
I'd jump up in the dead of night and start flying. Even if I'd been told to stop practicing, I just kept going alone.
My entire being was FC, and I couldn't be stopped.
Masaya: Okay, I'll come meet you at your place. Girls shouldn't be out alone this late at night.
I set up the buoys, then stare up at the beautiful moon hanging in the night sky.
Masaya: I feel uneasy.
The clubroom door gives its usual weird creak as Misaki steps out, changed into her practice gear.
Misaki: Feels like I'm doing something I shouldn't be, changing in the clubroom.
Masaya: I know what you mean.
This is a place we abandoned. I know everyone would be more than happy to welcome us back, but it still feels like we don't belong here.
Masaya: We'd stand out way too much if we flew over at the beach.
Worst outcome would be someone reporting us to the police, which would end with us being arrested, and then suspended from school.
Masaya: We don't have to worry here, though. The cliffs stop people from being able to see.
Misaki stretches out wide.
Misaki: Aight, may as well get to flying. Haven't flown out here in a while.
Masaya: Start off slow.
Misaki: I know, I know.
Misaki activates her Grav Shoes and flies toward the field.
Misaki: Man, flying at night is real scary.
Masaya: I'm watching you, don't worry.
The moonlight helps me take in Misaki's form.
Misaki: I trust you. I'm gonna warm up, then do some inverted flying.
Masaya: Not yet! Keep those Low Yo-Yos sharp on the descent! Don't be afraid!
Misaki: Ah...! I'm telling you I'm afraid of plunging into the water!
Masaya: If you keep this up, you'll never get anywhere!
Misaki: Ugh!
Misaki drops down in the night sky as she flies on her back.
Her steep descent turns into a steep ascent. We're practicing sharp-angled Low Yo-Yos.
Masaya: If you can't get this done, you'll never be able to fly!
Misaki: That's not fair! Why are you being so much harsher than earlier?
Masaya: 'Cause I get the feeling you're in the mood for it?
Misaki: I am in the mood for it! Haaah!
We need to increase the precision of her Low Yo-Yos, High Yo-Yos, and Scissors. That's the only way she'll perfect inverted flight.
Masaya: Now, do a High Yo-Yo!
Misaki: Ugh, aaah!
Masaya: Your reactions are slow! You're taking a moment to think after I give my orders.
Misaki: Yeah, 'cause I have to do the exact opposite of what I do when flying normally! It's hard!
Masaya: Well, you better ingrain it into your body so it doesn't take a moment! No back talk, just do it!
Misaki: I'm gonna trust you and do as you say, but I reserve the right to back talk!
She sure is a confusing girl.
Masaya: Fine, do as I say and you can complain all you want. Do the Scissors! Too slow! Just wiggling your ass around doesn't count as bending!
Misaki: Ugh! Shuddup, shuddup, shuddup!
Masaya: Come on, do the Scissors again! Too slow! At this rate, both Inui and Asuka will beat you. I thought you didn't want to lose!
Misaki: I don't wanna lose! I don't wanna lose! I don't wanna lose! I've come so far! If I lose now, then I don't know what I'll do with myself!
Masaya: Then put your back into it!
Misaki: My back is in it!
Masaya: Speed up! Faster!
Misaki: It's not that I hate Asuka! I like her! I don't hate Inui-san either!
Masaya: I know.
Misaki: I just... I just don't wanna lose! If I lose... If I lose, I think I'll lose everything. I'm scared. That's all it is.
Masaya: I know. Faster!
Misaki: Meooooooooooooooow!
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
Masaya: Don't stop! Go! Fly on your back and touch that buoy!
Misaki: Meooow! Ah!
She tries to check where the buoy is as she moves toward it, so the recoil from the impact sends her flying outside of the field.
Masaya: Don't stop! Get back! I thought I told you not to stop! Have you gone deaf?!
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... I know already!
She's at her limit.
She's fatigued in both body and soul. Normally, I'd force her to rest.
But not today... We're not stopping until she wants to.
There are some things you can only learn through times of extreme practice, and that time has come for Misaki.
Of course, I can't promise she'll learn anything here, but...
Well, there's a world you can only see at the very extremes of exhaustion.
Whether that's meaningful or not, however, is up to fate.
You just don't know until you try. But for now...
Masaya: If you don't do this now, I'll never let you practice like this again! Have you already lost the will to fly?!
Misaki: I wanna fly, I do, I do! I <i>can</i> fly! Haaah, haaah, haaah... What's next?! Gimme more orders already!
Masaya: Next...
Go! Fly!
Masaya: Accelerate!
Faster!
Misaki: Meoooooooooooow!
The moon begins to wane as Misaki's yell contorts into a shriek that pierces the night's sky.
Misaki: Ah, mm, haaah, ah...
She must be at her limit now, right?
I must admit, I didn't think Misaki had this much in her.
She used to hate practice so much... She really is determined this time.
Tears threaten to well up in my eyes.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
But I know that's not all. That's just one of many reasons she has to fly.
One of the others is...
To save me.
That's why she's pushing herself so hard.
I really am gonna cry now.
But I know I have to fight back my tears. I can't show her weakness now. A coach's weakness is easily moved onto their players.
So instead, I encourage her.
Masaya: Go! You can do this! I know you've got more in you!
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, I can do dish!
Masaya: Then touch that buoy and accelerate!
Misaki: Yesshir!
Huh?
I thought she'd be repelled by the buoy. It's happened countless times already.
She's worn out and can't move the way she wants to.
Misaki's arm extends with an almost eerie smoothness... She touches the buoy and moves naturally into acceleration.
Misaki: ...Huh?
Her line is straight with no bends in sight.
She's accelerating pretty fast, too.
Masaya: No slacking! Go into a Low Yo-Yo!
Misaki: Ah...!
No way...
Misaki shoots straight down, again in a perfect line.
Masaya: Misaki!
Misaki: Yes! My body's moving how I want it to. I'm doing it, Masaya! I'm moving without even having to think! My mind just went blank!
Masaya: Awesome, that's great. You only need to use your brain when you need to survey the entire game. When you just need to move, it can be as blank as you like.
If anything, it's better blank. Your head is for understanding the situation. Your body is for taking that understanding and flying accordingly.
Misaki: This is... so sudden. Haha! Hahahahahaha!
I feel my entire body relax upon hearing Misaki laugh. My shoulders, which had tensed up without me realizing, drop down casually. The weight of the world has finally been lifted off me.
Masaya: These things happen. You did it, Misaki.
Misaki: I did...
Masaya: Yep!
Misaki: Haha, hahahahahahahaha! Go, me! I did it! These things <i>do</i> happen! Yay! This is amazing! <i>I'm</i> amazing!
Masaya: You really are amazing, Misaki. You're a genius.
Misaki: You called me a genius!
Masaya: Right now, at least.
Misaki: Hahahahaha, that's more than good enough for me.
The underlying theory here is that fatigue has left her unable to think, and also unable to consciously exert herself.
This happens because a person's body will cut down its use of non-critical functions when they're in a fatigue state. It does this so it can try and maintain use of functions necessary to survive.
At times like this, your mind and body become one. All unnecessary movements are reduced, allowing you to act smoothly. Any extraneous force is removed. Erased.
It's not easy to forget something you learn in this way, similar to how one will never forget how to ride a bicycle.
Masaya: Great work, Misaki. You must be exhausted. Come back down.
Misaki: No.
Masaya: Why not?
Misaki: I'm scared that if I stop now, I'll forget how to do this, so I'm gonna fly a little more.
Masaya: Fine, fly until you feel comfortable with it.
Misaki: 'Kay!
Misaki continues to fly around the field on her back.
Now we can put up a fight.
I'm excited. I might be able to get Misaki to where I promised I would.
I feel a smile forming on my face.
But... what will happen to me when she makes it?
A strange feeling of anxiety is swirling in my chest. It's a dark blob that goes round and round and round.
My smile vanishes. I can feel my face stiffening up.
Why?
I avert my eyes.
"I don't need to face this feeling."
I persuade myself.
There's no need to look at it. Wipe it out.
Misaki turns off her Grav Shoes and lands on the ground.
Misaki: Phew...
Masaya: Good work out there. You did <i>really</i> well.
Misaki: I need to get changed. I worked up a sweat out there.
Masaya: Cool. Come on, get inside.
I open the clubroom door and urge Misaki to enter.
Misaki: I'm getting changed, so come in, Masaya.
Masaya: Hm? Did you forget how language works again?
Maybe the fatigue's made her forget the existence of negatives.
Misaki: Just come with me already.
Masaya: Why?
Misaki: Just do it!
Masaya: Okay. I said okay. Wait, don't pull me!
Misaki drags me by the arm into the clubroom.
Misaki: Thanks for coming out here tonight.
Masaya: No, I should be thanking you.
Misaki: Don't be silly. I was the one being selfish.
Masaya: But you produced the results here, Misaki.
Misaki: But you're the one who pushed me to do it, Masaya, so-- Wait, this isn't what I wanted...
Masaya: H-Huh?
Misaki: ......
Misaki suddenly starts to strip her practice gear.
Misaki: Eat this!
Masked Skywalker: Ngh! Ngh! Ngh!
Misaki: I'm going that way... Psyche!
Masked Skywalker: Ah!
Masaya/Shirase/Shion: Wow!
Masaya: Wow!
Shirase: Wow!
Shion: Wow!
We all cry out.
That was beautiful. Misaki managed to easily pull a whole meter apart from Masked Skywalker.
It's proof that she has them in the palm of her hand now.
Masaya: That was great. Return to your positions and take it from the top.
Misaki: Roger!
Masked Skywalker: Ngh!
Masaya: Also, Misaki, use that FC mind of yours. This is your first time putting these tactics into practice. Let's see you throwing in feints and other tricks, too.
Misaki: Will do!
Misaki's voice resounds through the headset.
Shirase: She's really got the hang of inverted flying.
Masaya: Yeah, it's completely different from how she was at first. Still, it's exhausting work that tends to leave her unstable by the end, so I think she needs to train her back muscles and abs more.
Shion: You can leave that to me. I've set up a training regime that'll have her ripped in no time.
Masaya: Thanks, man.
Shirase: I'm sure you've already realized, but...
Masaya: What's that?
Shirase: She's working within a small frame.
Masaya: Yeah.
The Mysterious Masked Skywalker's trying to keep the pressure up like they have done in all the prior sessions. That is, closing in from above Misaki while blocking her escape routes.
Until this point, Misaki's always ended up pressed down to water level, unable to do anything, or launched into a reckless assault that sees her easily deflected.
However, her inverted flight allows her to ignore the pressure from Masked Skywalker and assert her dominance.
Masaya: Flying inverted against a player trying to keep the height advantage has you drawing in close and exerting pressure on each other. It ends up bringing the match down to a small scale.
Shion: And that's perfect for Tobisawa.
Masaya: Yeah... Oh!
Masked Skywalker abruptly launches forward. Misaki responds in kind.
Masked Skywalker: Don't think that'll work out every time!
Misaki: Huh?
Masked Skywalker arches backward and pushes their legs out, leaving them flying vertically.
Misaki: What?!
Misaki rises into the space previously occupied by Masked Skywalker's upper body. They drew her in perfectly with that feint.
She got cocky, so there goes her balance.
Maybe she was too excited over her progress and got ahead of herself?
Masked Skywalker may have drawn Misaki in, but they'll need to rotate around to her back in order to touch it.
How do they plan on pulling that off?
Masked Skywalker: Got you!
Shion: Oh, interesting.
Masked Skywalker begins to pull down as Misaki heads on up.
They're pulling into a Low Yo-Yo.
Giving away the height advantage to target the buoy.
Misaki: Perfect!
Masked Skywalker: Huh?!
Misaki touches Masked Skywalker's back.
Masaya: Nice!
My impressions leave my mouth before I can even register them.
Masked Skywalker was tricked by Misaki.
As she claimed the height advantage, they'd pulled into a Low Yo-Yo toward the buoy.
Misaki had twisted into a forward roll while ascending, returning to normal flight and pulling into a Low Yo-Yo of her own.
As a Fighter, her initial velocity is much greater than Masked Skywalker's, allowing her to easily touch their exposed back.
Shion: That just now was the result of her drawing Mask into a smaller frame... Tobisawa's pretty incredible, huh?
Masaya: She is incredible. Her chances of getting points are way higher now than at the start.
Shirase: That was an irregular Angelic Halo she pulled off. Well, in theory, anyway.
Masaya: An Angelic Halo... Yeah, I see where you're coming from.
Shion: Angelic? What's that?
Masaya: A really bizarre move that Aoi-san used on the world stage. You fly at ultra-high speeds in rings around your opponent to stop them from being able to move. It's way too hard for most Skywalkers to pull off.
It allows you to completely dominate your opponent, so it should be effective against Inui's playstyle.
Though that's the reason Aoi-san abandoned that technique. I doubt I'll ever see it in action again.
Shirase: It's way easier to pull off... but in theory, they're similar.
Masaya: Yeah, I think so.
Without the contrails from your shoes dazzling your opponent, you don't inspire the same levels of fear.
I doubt you'd have much of a chance of winning if you encountered someone using that technique.
However, inverted flight is far more usable than the Angelic Halo is.
Shirase: Trapping someone inside a small frame... packaging them up... making them fit your mold... How about Super Package Mold?
Shion: Mhm!
Masaya: Uh, I'm not so sure about that one...
I speak into my headset.
Masaya: Hey, so Shirase-san just suggested we call that fighting style of yours "Super Package Mold." Thoughts?
Misaki: Super Package Mold... Sounds kinda lame to me?
Masked Skywalker: It's a brilliant name!
Misaki: M-Mask?
Masked Skywalker: We can call it SuMo for short. It suits you perfectly!
Misaki: You think the name SuMo fits me? Wh-What do you mean?
Masked Skywalker: ...Don't you worry, there are tons of cute sumos out there.
Misaki: But I'm not that fat... I mean, I'm not fat at all!
Masked Skywalker: Your special move is the SuMo!
Misaki: If Mask likes it, then it's fine by me!
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahaha!
Masaya: Looks like we're gonna make it in time for the fall tournament.
Misaki: ...Yeah. Yeah, we will. Thank you, Masaya. I've gotta thank everyone else, too.
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: Ah...
Masaya: ......
Misaki looks up into the sky as she flies.
She's flying inverted, so I can't see her face.
I wonder what kind of expression she has?
Misaki: Hahahahaha!
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: Just wondering if we'll get lucky enough for a meteorite to fall and mess up the tournament area without killing anyone.
Masaya: This again?! Cut it out!
Misaki: We made it in time. Now I've lost another of my excuses.
Masaya: Look...
Misaki: I'm gonna win. I'm gonna win for myself, for you, and for everyone who's helped. I <i>have to</i> win!
Masaya: Yeah, you're gonna win.
Misaki: If I lose, I'll be so depressed that I'll die. But if I'm depressed, I'm just, well, depressed.
Masaya: Yeah.
That's what she's afraid of, though.
She's worked so hard for so long, but that could all come crashing down around her at the tournament. The winner could be determined before they even step out on the field.
So just how much resolve has gone into Misaki declaring that she's going to win?
Just imagining how she must feel has me breaking out in goosebumps.
Misaki: I'm gonna win the fall tournament!
Misaki cries up to the sky.
Today's the opening ceremony.
I feel awkward. Asuka and Madoka may already be in the classroom.
I should just treat them normally, right?
But I feel guilty, like I've betrayed everyone.
There's a dull pain in my gut.
The moment I open the door...
Asuka: Oh.
I lock eyes with Asuka.
Masaya: G-Good morning...
Asuka: Good morning!
Asuka comes trotting over to me.
Asuka: Has Misaki-chan gotten stronger?
She gets straight to it.
Masaya: ...I think so.
Asuka: Great, then you kept the promise we made.
Masaya: Yeah, I think so... But you could just ask Misaki her-- Oh...
Asuka forces a smile.
Asuka: Misaki-chan's been like that the whole time.
She's laying prostrate on her desk.
Misaki: Meow, zzzmeow. Mmm, mmm, aaah...
She's sleeping peacefully.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai! Gosh, Misaki-senpai! I haven't seen you in a while, so I wanted to hug you and squeeze you and all kinds of other things! Why are you asleep?! Please wake up and pay attention to me!
Madoka: Not a chance. This is her natural state in the mornings.
Mashiro: I know that much. I've only got one option left...
Masaya: Which is...?
Mashiro: Chocolate, duh! I just have to wave it in front of her nose and she'll wake right up. Here, Misaki-senpai, have some--
Misaki: Mmm!
Misaki suddenly opens her mouth wide and gobbles up the piece of chocolate Mashiro was holding like a carnivorous fish that's been lying in wait.
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: Meow, meow... Mmm... Zzz, zzz, zzz...
Madoka: ...She's asleep.
Mashiro: Th-Then I'll just have to give her all of the snacks I have on hand. If they run out, I'll just call home and get a delivery.
Masaya: Don't force feed the girl. I'm trying to keep her from eating candy outside of when she needs stress relief.
Mashiro: Oh, the cheater.
Masaya: Since when am I a cheater?
Mashiro: Because everything you do is unfair! You got Misaki-senpai to yourself the whooole summer break! I'm so jealous that I'm feeling dizzy.
Masaya: I didn't have her all to myself. A bunch of other people helped us practice.
Madoka: I know my brother went to help you. He was really pumped, saying he couldn't refuse a request from Hinata.
Asuka: O-Oh my, Coach and Prez are in that sort of--
Masaya: We're not in "that sort of" anything.
Mashiro: It would be fine if you were.
Asuka: Exciting, too!
Masaya: Give it a break. I respect him and I'm very grateful to him, that's all.
I really am in awe of how he values my opinion, even though I'm younger than him, and how he's beyond caring about simply winning or losing in competitions.
Masaya: I'm pretty sure I'd come running too if Prez asked me for help. That's just how it is.
Mashiro: Whoa! I'm not even slightly interested in that stuff, but the way you said that totally set my maiden sensor off.
Asuka enthusiastically nods.
Asuka: Yeah, mine... was set off.
Madoka: It was? What's a little sister to do in this situation...?
Mashiro: Anyway, I'm asking what you were thinking! How dare you monopolize Misaki-senpai's entire summer vacation?!
Masaya: I mean...
Mashiro: Ughhhhhh!
Masaya: Misaki saved me, so I just wanted to pay her back for all she's done.
Asuka: Um, what do you mean?
Masaya: Well, like... Misaki and I are kind of similar. It's like... we both found ourselves unable to move forward, so I wanted to save her, and to be saved myself.
Mashiro: Hm?
Madoka: So in short, you've fallen in love with Misaki?
Masaya: Don't sum it up like that!
Asuka's hand shoots into the air.
Asuka: I know exactly what to do at a time like this!
Madoka: Wh-What's she gonna say?!
Asuka: You know, the "fweet fwooh" thing!
Madoka: That's it! Ancient, but still stylish.
Masaya: Uh, sure?
It is kind of impressive that Asuka can be so bold despite doing something so embarrassing.
Masaya: Why didn't you ever come to see Misaki, Mashiro?
It would've been easy enough to figure out where we were practicing. If anything, she could have at least called.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai told me not to.
Masaya: She did? Why?
Misaki: Meow, mmm, meooow...
Mashiro stares down at Misaki as she sleeps.
Mashiro: She told me over the phone. She said I would've ended up spoiling her if I went.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: She made it painfully clear by calling me instead of texting. It felt like I'd be getting in the way, so I didn't go.
Asuka: You would've spoiled her? I can understand that. You do seem like the type, Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: R-Really? But I'm younger than you...
Asuka: That has nothing to do with it. You're a very reliable girl.
Madoka: Yeah. Feels like you've experienced all the sweet and bitter things life has to throw at you.
Mashiro: I have not!
Mashiro squishes her cheek against Misaki's back.
Mashiro: Summer vacation's over now, so I can finally spoil her all I want!
So that's what happened.
I never doubted her, but it seems Misaki made up her mind to practice hard from the very start.
Misaki: Meooow, meoooooow, mmm, mmm...
Misaki continues dozing, seemingly ignoring Mashiro's assault.
Mashiro: I was so lonely without you coming to eat our udon.
Masaya: Hold up, Misaki didn't even eat any udon?
Mashiro: No. She said that if she started, she wouldn't be able to stop.
Wow, really?
She never even mentioned it, so I forgot all about her favorite indulgence.
Man, that's amazing.
I mean, it must've taken a lot out of her and all...
We have about three weeks until the fall tournament.
How far will Misaki climb? If she gets where she needs to...
What'll happen to me?
That dark, sticky whatever that's within me seems to be creeping outward.
I'm called to the staff room after class.
Aoi-san, seeming no different from usual, immediately assails me with questions.
Aoi: How did focusing on being Tobisawa's coach go?
Masaya: You lied to me, Aoi-san.
Aoi: What are you talking about?
Masaya: You told me Misaki wasn't a genius.
Aoi: Heh... So is she, then?
Masaya: I think so. A full-blown one at that.
Aoi: In what way?
Masaya: First of all, her reflexes are first class.
Aoi: True. But if that's all it takes to be a genius, wouldn't that make everyone aiming to be a pro Skywalker a genius?
Masaya: That's not all, though. Misaki works harder than anyone, <i>and</i> produces results. That's why she's a genius.
Aoi: I see... You realize what this means Masaya, don't you?
Masaya: What?
Aoi: You turned Tobisawa into a genius.
Masaya: Huh...?! You're wrong. Misaki's just incredible.
Aoi: Either way works. What came first, the chicken or the egg?
Aoi: If you say she's a genius, then a genius she is. But... I think Kurashina is even better.
Masaya: Maybe.
Aoi: I'm sure she would've grown even more if you'd coached her.
Masaya: Doubt it. You're a <i>way</i> better coach than me.
Aoi: No matter what I do, I'll always be her superior. I can't see things from the same perspective as you.
Aoi: Though, the students did help me out there.
Masaya: Asuka must've gotten pretty strong.
Aoi: She has. What would you say to a practice match between her and Tobisawa?
Masaya: ......
Aoi: Don't you want to see it?
Masaya: I do... But I'll have to refuse.
Aoi: Why?
Masaya: Misaki's focused on the fall tournament. Her concentration would break if she had a match against Asuka now. Winning or losing doesn't matter, it won't be a good result.
Aoi: I'm sure Kurashina would jump at the opportunity.
Masaya: Don't try and tempt me. Everyone works differently, that's all there is to it.
Masaya: You're not gonna change my mind.
Aoi-san's eyes widen as she stares at me.
Aoi: Haha, hahahaha!
Masaya: What's so funny?
Aoi: Oh, just thinking you've really grown up. You pass, Masaya.
Masaya: Huh?
Aoi: You make a fine coach. The very first thing a good coach needs to be able to do is understand their players.
Aoi: If you'd readily agreed to my proposal, I would have been disappointed.
Masaya: God, give it a rest already.
Aoi: Heh, my bad... You really have grown, though.
Masaya: ...Thank you.
Aoi: I'm looking forward to the fall tournament.
Masaya: Same here!
I say that as I bow to her.
Masaya: If you shift into inverted flight now, how do you think your opponent will respond?
Misaki: We'd probably end up observing each other?
We're spending today doing Mr. Shitou simulation training in Misaki's room.
Honestly, we should be taking a break from practice, but Misaki insisted that she couldn't sit around doing nothing with the fall tournament only a week away.
That said, rest is still important, so we settled for simulation training.
Masaya: Huh, someone actually does that? While they're waiting, I'll snatch the buoy!
Misaki: Not to worry! Bam! Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Masaya: Mr. Shitou split in two!
Misaki: One more time!
Masaya: Now there are three of him?!
Misaki: Positioning? Who cares! Two of them block your path, while the third wooshes around the field touching buoys and racking up points!
Masaya: Just because you're tired doesn't mean you can make a mess of things!
Masaya: ...Actually, where'd you even get those Mr. Shitous? Been playing the crane games?
Misaki: From the garbage can in the arcade. I think some people only got him to satisfy their hunting instincts, then realized they didn't need him and threw him away.
Misaki: I felt sorry for him, so I decided to take him home.
Masaya: Poor Mr. Shitou...
Misaki: Right? He's pretty cute if you look close enough... Hey, y'know...
Masaya: What's with the sudden tone shift?
Misaki: Y'know, Grandma's not home right now.
Masaya: Right...
Misaki: You squirmed. You <i>totally</i> just squirmed!
Masaya: Did not!
Misaki: Police! We've got a squirmer over here!
Masaya: Don't call the cops on me! How is looking at your girlfriend and squirming a crime?
Misaki: This guy won't stop claiming he's my boyfriend!
Masaya: I'm pretending now?!
Misaki: Don't they say you shouldn't... y'know... before a match?
Masaya: Some people say there are actual reasons for it, some say it's all just superstition. I don't really know.
Misaki: This tournament is really important, so even if it's just superstition, maybe we shouldn't.
Masaya: It'd suck to feel like we lost because we fooled around beforehand.
Though I really don't know if there's any truth to it.
The woman who dominated FC in Europe recently was said to be with her fiancé 24/7, so I imagine they had some fun before her matches.
She was still demonically strong, so it probably depends on your outlook.
Misaki: So I had a thought. We'll probably wanna fool around anyway, so why not make today the last time before the tournament?
Masaya: O-Okay.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Assuming that we're gonna do something, what would you like? I'm down for anything. I'm in the mood for whatever you want to do today... Ah!
I pick Misaki up and place her on the bed.
This leaves her sitting on the bed, which I also climb before positioning myself between her legs.
Misaki: Y-You're being kinda aggressive today, Masaya-san.
Masaya: You think I have a choice after what you just said?
Misaki: I dunno, I'm not you... So, what do you plan to do now?
Misaki sighs as she looks up at the sky near the field.
Misaki: Haaah, it's finally time, huh?
Masaya: It sure is.
The fall tournament has finally begun.
I met up with Misaki this morning, and she dragged her heels over to the tournament site.
We could've come with the rest of Kunahama, but I decided it was best for Misaki that we didn't.
She may end up facing Asuka or Mashiro in the tournament, after all.
Honestly, there's a pretty high chance she'll end up facing Asuka at some point.
Misaki and Asuka seem fine when they talk during class, so maybe I'm just worrying too much...
Well, whatever. I just think it's best they don't see each other on the day of the match.
No matter how the two of them feel, it's difficult to play against someone you know.
The fall tournament is primarily for newcomers, so it gets less participants than the summer tournament. However, TV channels still comes to film it, and it gets a pretty large audience overall.
Shitou has the highest level of FC play in all of Japan. It's no wonder our tournaments are so popular. People even come from abroad to see them.
It's probably gonna be just as lively as the summer tournament.
Misaki's ignoring the noisy tournament area, staring off into the horizon.
Misaki: The fall tournament, huh?
Masaya: It still feels like summer all the way through September on Shitou, so it feels more like round two of the summer tournament than a fall one.
Misaki: Yeah.
Misaki gives me that casual reply as she continues to look out over the horizon.
Masaya: ...What's up? You concentrating?
Some players prefer to play games or something before a match to try and help them relax, but you'll find many who scrunch up their brow, shut their eyes, and focus on getting into the right mindset as well.
Misaki: Not really...
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Just wondering if a giant monster's gonna rise up out of the sea and force them to call off the tournament.
Masaya: You're still going on about that?!
Dammit!
Misaki: I can't help it! I'm scared!
Masaya: Well, at least you can admit to being scared now.
Misaki: What do you mean?
Masaya: Normally, you just try and act tough. I've never heard you say you're afraid to face what's coming.
Misaki: Really?
Masaya: Yes, really. If things were going real bad, then I know admitting to it would just make you get even worse. You're composed right now.
Misaki: No way, I'm not composed at all!
Masaya: If you can make that face while you say that, you're in perfect condition.
Misaki: Grrr, you're not making any sense.
Masaya: More sense than your talk of monsters, meteorites, and UFOs. Anyway, let's go look at the tournament schedule.
Misaki: Seriously, why do they do that in the most nervewracking way possible?! Who the hell announces the matches on the day of the tournament?! Just do it in advance to help people get in the right mindset!
Masaya: No use complaining to me about it. Come on, let's go.
Misaki: I don't wanna! I don't wanna go! Why can't you just take a look for me? Yeah, great idea, me!
Masaya: There's no point if you're not there! Get a move on.
Misaki: I have a bad feeling about this. A <i>reaaally</i> bad feeling.
I urge Misaki, who's grumbling more than usual due to her nerves, toward the main office where the tournament schedule is posted.
Rika: Ah...
Misaki: Huh? Don't tell me...?
Rika: Pretty big deal, huh?
Misaki: So I <i>am</i> facing you first, Ichinose-chan?! Is whoever makes these taking their job seriously? This is just a repeat of the last tournament!
Rika: O-Oh no, we're not playing against each other in the first round. Have you not looked yet?
Masaya: We're just on our way.
Rika: I see...
Misaki: Wh-Why won't you look us in the eyes? Whoaaa, now I really don't wanna see... Should we run home? Yeah, let's just go.
Masaya: Going home isn't an option. Come on, let's take a look.
Misaki: How can you be so calm, Masaya?
Masaya: Because I see no reason to fear whoever it is you're facing.
Misaki: Well <i>I'm</i> scared! I'm super scared of <i>whoever</i> it is I'm facing!
Masaya: Just get moving!
Misaki: W-Whoa! Hold it, buster! My heart's not ready!
I grab hold of Misaki's arm and drag her with me.
Masaya: Hm, Misaki Tobisawa, where are you...
Misaki: Don't look! Just stop! I can't take this! I wanna go home and get into bed and just hibernate!
Masaya: Hm, Misaki Tobisawa, Misaki Tobisawa...
Misaki: I told you not to look, dammit! I'm going home!
Masaya: You're not "going home"! God, just start looking for your name already.
Misaki: Nooo!
That was the wail of someone drowning in despair.
Masaya: Guess you found yourself.
Misaki: ......
Misaki points at the sheet, remaining absolutely silent.
Masaya: Hm... Oh, cool.
Misaki: M-M-M-M-M-M-Masaya-san? May I inquire as to why you're so calm right now? Has the shock rattled you, perhaps?
Masaya: You're the one going crazy here, not me.
Misaki: Yes, I am! How can I have luck <i>this</i> bad?! This is ridiculous! I can't even!
The name next to Misaki is... Saki Inui.
Masaya: This is a good thing.
Misaki: How?!
Masaya: I was hoping you'd get to face her in the first round.
Misaki: Wow, you've finally decided to reveal your sadistic tendencies, huh?!
Masaya: Just calm down and listen to me. If you face Inui in the first round, she won't get a chance to see what you're capable of. Things are stacked overwhelmingly in your favor.
Misaki: ...I guess you're right, but it also skyrockets the chance that I'll be knocked out in the first round.
Masaya: You'd have to face Inui at some point. Doesn't matter if it's the first round, the second, whenever. If you lose, you lose. May as well get it over with.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: You'll have to face both Inui and Asuka at some point. Doing it in the first round while we still have some tricks up our sleeve is the best option.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: This is our best shot of winning.
Misaki: I get what you're saying...
Masaya: If you do, then you just have to agree.
Misaki: Yeah, hm, haaah, hmmmmmm, yeah...
Misaki drops her raised shoulders.
Misaki: Haaaaaah...
Then, she breathes a shallow sigh.
Her complexion has changed ever so slightly.
Misaki: Come to think of it, that day we first practiced with Mr. Shitous...
Masaya: What about it?
Misaki: The two of us touched Inui-san's chest.
Masaya: Why the hell are you bringing that up now?!
How'd she end up remembering that of all things?
Misaki: You're the one who started it.
Masaya: You're being ridiculous!
Misaki: Haaaaaah, doesn't matter if I agree to it or not, my first match is with Inui-san.
Masaya: This stroke of luck has me convinced. Today's gonna be your day, Misaki.
Misaki: You mean I'm gonna win, huh?
Masaya: Of course.
I clap Misaki on the back.
Rika: ...You're making a really scary face, Tobisawa-san. You look like a completely different person from earlier.
Misaki: Huh, I am? Really? Doesn't feel like it...
Rika: You're very scary today... Yes.
Misaki: Hahahaha, I-I'm not really sure how to respond.
Rika: The players from Kunahama Academy are incredible. First Asuka looked happy that she had to play against Inui, and now you look positively terrifying.
Misaki: Hm, but what's so incredible about that? Maybe Asuka is for being happy about it, but I think my scary face is pretty normal.
Rika: You think it's normal?
Misaki: It <i>is</i> normal.
Rika: It really isn't. We're talking about the player who defeated Shindou-senpai at the summer tournament, and then went and won the nationals. I could never face her.
Misaki: ......
Rika: Can you win, Tobisawa-san?
Misaki: That's the plan. I'm pretty sure you'd feel the same in my shoes, Ichinose-chan.
Rika: We can't know that for sure... But I am rooting for you. Good luck out there.
Misaki: Thanks.
Ichinose bows, then walks away.
Misaki: Do you think Ichinose-chan's stagnated?
Masaya: Can't say.
Ichinose's a simple, straightforward girl, so it's just like her to try and tackle things head on.
Maybe I could give her some useful advice, but she hasn't asked for any, so it's not my place to get involved.
Though, what if I had gone to Takafuji? What if the two of us had worked together? Trying to help a player like her improve sounds fun.
Masaya: Right, let's look for the others.
Misaki: Um, Asuka's in a different block, I guess?
Masaya: Mashiro's in that one, too.
Misaki: Hm, so if I beat Inui-san, the only other real threat on this side is Ganeko.
That weird girl who's Arika's "big sister," huh?
I'm pretty sure she's a strong player in her own right. Suisan is known for having many skilled Skywalkers.
Masaya: That'll be a tough match... Oh! Mask is in the same block as you. You might even face each other in the second round.
Misaki: I'd rather die than face them! I'm pretty sure if they ordered me to lose, I'd just go and do it...
Masaya: Whether you win or lose is up to you, Misaki.
Misaki: Oh <i>paw-lease!</i> You're supposed to scold me when I'm saying something stupid!
Masaya: No point scolding someone who's already thrown in the towel.
Misaki: Okay, no more kitten around! I'm gonna beat Ganeko and Mask and go all the way to the finals!
Misaki: ...You think I'll meet Asuka there?
Masaya: Probably.
Misaki: I wonder what I'll end up thinking if things do end up that way.
Masaya: We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
Misaki: When we come to it? You really think I'll get there?
Masaya: You will. Today's your day, Misaki.
I stare straight into her eyes as I say that.
Masaya: Shirase-san's running a booth here like he did at the summer tournament. I'm sure Prez and Mask are already there.
Shirase: Well, isn't this a stroke of luck.
Shion: Your first match is against Inui! This is going even better than I hoped!
Masked Skywalker: You should rejoice that you aren't facing the mask. It would have been your one way ticket to hell!
Misaki: Oh, yes. I'll count my lucky stars.
Shirase: Now then, Misaki-chan. Whether you win or lose, just make sure you make it a real showy match to hype up the audience. I need every sales boost I can get.
Misaki: I-I'll do my best!
Masaya: You're not a professional, so you don't need to care about that.
"Winning or losing doesn't matter, just as long as the audience gets a good show" isn't something for amateurs to stress over.
Misaki: I know that, but I feel like I owe him for helping us out so much.
Shirase: I plan on turning you into our salesgirl when you win, Misaki-chan, with all the signage handcrafted by you and a life-sized cardboard cut out to go with it, so you better win.
Misaki: Is that really gonna happen?
Masaya: Sure sounds like it.
Misaki: No one told me any of that!
Masaya: Well, that aside...
Misaki: Not sure we should just brush it off like that, but... Well, whatever. You guys did help me out a bunch.
Shion: Good luck with the match, Tobisawa.
Misaki: Oh, thanks... I-I'll do my best!
Misaki squeezes out those words.
Shion: Good!
Masked Skywalker: Ensure you do your best!
Misaki: I will! You too, Mask!
Masked Skywalker: Mhm!
Masaya: Right, Misaki. As soon as the opening ceremony's over, we'll discuss your strategy.
Masaya: We've practiced this whole time assuming Inui will be your opponent, so it may not be that necessary, but I still want to go over things just in case.
Misaki: Okay... Aight, aight, aiiight!
Misaki shakes her head as if trying to brush something out of her mind, her long hair swaying from side to side.
Misaki: I can do this!
Misaki's voice is drowned out by the noise from the venue as speakers blare out warnings that the opening ceremony is about to begin.
Misaki: It's really starting.
Masaya: It sure is.
Misaki: Back when summer break first started, I thought I'd never come back here again.
Masaya: Yet here you are.
Misaki: Ah...
Misaki looks up at the sky in blank amazement.
Masaya: No matter how much I look at the sky, I never see any monsters or UFOs.
Then, she turns to face me.
Misaki: ...I made it.
Masaya: Made it? Made what?
Misaki: Remember how you told me you'd "get me there"?
Masaya: Huh? But we won't know until after this.
Misaki: No. I've already made it here.
Masaya: ...Huh?
Misaki: I never thought I'd get to face Inui-san or Asuka. I assumed I'd be curled up in a ball, crying.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: The fear twisted my heart. I hoped that Satouin-san would beat Asuka. It would've made me happy, or so I thought.
Masaya: ...Right.
Misaki: I like Asuka. She's a good girl. I was the twisted one. I was to blame, I was the useless one, but I wanted her to be just as bad as me.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: I knew that made me a horrible person, but I couldn't help it... However, now I can stand and face Asuka with no thoughts weighing down on my mind. I just know it. I've made it. Does that make sense? Um...
Misaki thinks hard.
Misaki: Right now, I'm not afraid of being here. This is the place you helped me reach.
Masaya: ...I see. So I was able to get you there.
Misaki: I'm not saying I have a pure heart. It's still, like, dirty, I guess? Yeah, it is. It is, but I can stand here without paying any attention to that stuff because I know that all of it makes me who I am.
Masaya: Looks like our summer break wasn't wasted.
Misaki: Nope! I've never had such a fulfilling summer before. Makes me wanna try my hand at writing poetry about it or something... Th-Thanks for getting me here, Masaya!
Masaya: You're very welcome. I'm happy for you.
Misaki: Hahahahaha. Right, so I... I did it. I'm actually here. I haven't felt like this in ages. Yes! I'm amazing!
Misaki spreads out her arms and spins like a little girl.
Misaki: Hahahahahahahaha... Ah!
Misaki suddenly snaps to a halt.
Misaki: I need to apologize for calling Asuka a monster.
Masaya: She doesn't even know you said that, so there's no need to apologize. Don't get yourself in trouble for nothing.
Misaki: Guess that's true.
Misaki smiles wryly.
I suddenly shiver.
Masaya: ......
I can feel something clinging to my back.
"I can see you."
I call out to it in my mind.
"Hide all you want, I know you're there," I say to the dark amoeba like thing.
It's jealousy. No, not jealousy. That word doesn't cover everything about this feeling. It's actually something far worse.
"Get lost. Get out. Leave me be!"
I audibly sigh as I shake off those thoughts.
Masaya: Would've been better if you felt this way after the tournament.
Misaki: Why's that?
Masaya: Well, like... isn't your motivation gonna suffer now?
Misaki: Nope. I'm still afraid to lose, and still desperate to win.
Masaya: Why?
Misaki: Because now it's my turn to help you. And to do that, I've gotta win.
Masaya: You think I'll get there if you win?
Misaki: Yeah, 'course you will! When you see someone you've helped getting results, you'll know you did the right thing.
Masaya: True.
Will that <i>actually</i> work, though? I feel like a lot of people have already done that, but nothing's changed.
What is it I'm searching for?
Misaki: I'm gonna win this, for both my sake and yours.
Masaya: Okay, let's do this!
Misaki: Yeah!
Misaki pumps her hands into the air as she cries.
I'm walking alone, thinking about the match with Inui.
My mind is abuzz with thoughts like, "we're not missing anything, are we?" and "is this really the right strategy?" down to the wire.
Irina: Long time, no see, I think they say.
Perhaps this is just a coincidence...
But I suddenly find Irina-san by my side.
Masaya: Oh, hello.
Irina: You didn't stop being coach?
Masaya: I continued in secret.
Irina: Too bad you not there during match between Kurashina-san and Saki. I wanted your impression...
Masaya: You'll get to see them through Misaki in today's match.
Irina: The player who not make much impact during summer tournament? That very interesting. Is interesting right word?
Masaya: It is. This match should be <i>very</i> interesting.
Irina: You get my hopes up, but I am sure to be disappointed.
Masaya: We won't embarrass ourselves. Asuka will be watching this match, and I promised her I'd make Misaki stronger.
Irina: So you made promise with Kurashina-san?
Irina: Tobisawa-san never produced impressive results. Would it not be difficult to fulfill promise with such mediocre player?
Masaya: You won't be disappointed.
Irina: So you say, but Saki is best at defeating Fighters. I am assured I will be met with the disappointment.
Masaya: Oh yeah? Unfortunately I'm not too concerned with how you feel, Irina-san.
For a moment she seems offended, but she soon breaks out into a smile.
Irina: I look forward to it.
With that, she leaves.
Oh...
I can feel something opening inside my heart.
Back when I decided to coach Misaki, I felt steel and wind inside my heart.
But right now...
It's something far more grotesque, something that's been spiraling inside me for a while now. It reminds me of back when I was still playing FC.
The top of the world.... And by world, I mean like, world-class level. It's a place where only people who want to win exist.
Misaki just said...
That she's afraid to lose.
The top of the world is a place where everyone is afraid to lose. A place where people fear losing because they're under the impression that if they do, they'll no longer belong.
How did I feel back then?
There should've been tons of fun memories. No, I know the fun times outweighed everything else. Yet, for some reason, all I can remember are the negatives.
There were lots of Skywalkers who engaged in mind games before the start of a match.
Compared to that, what Irina-san just said was kind.
My mind is calm. My heart sober. My eyes open.
If she thought that would be enough to unsettle me, she's way off the mark.
Wait!
Masaya: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Calm down!
I'm overthinking this, which is exactly what Irina-san wants me to do.
It's okay, everything's fine. You realized what was going on. You're back on track. You're calm.
I take a deep breath as I look up at the sky.
We'll prove that Misaki's got what it takes to win this whole thing. There's no need to think about anything else.
I'm convinced.
Misaki: Let's have a good match.
Saki: ...Let's.
After the two players exchange their pre-match pleasantries, I speak to Misaki over my headset, trying to keep my tone light.
Masaya: How're you feeling?
Misaki: Not too bad.
She forces herself to sound relaxed.
Masaya: Not everything is decided the moment the match begins, so you don't need to be tense. Hell, you'll forget all about your tension when it starts anyway.
Misaki: Right.
Masaya: Just do what we've planned. I know you'll win.
Misaki: Sure thing.
Masaya: How's Inui feeling?
Misaki lowers her voice.
Misaki: She's just been staring at second this whole time.
Masaya: What about her mouth?
Misaki: Not moving.
Masaya: Got it.
I hinted at just how strong Misaki was in my conversation with Irina-san. I thought that may have raised their guard a little.
But if they were being extra vigilant, they would be talking to the very last second.
Irina-san played me like a damn fiddle during our conversation.
The ref tells the players to get ready, and a short while later, the blaring horn signals the start of the match.
Saki: ......
Inui immediately heads into a perfect Low Yo-Yo, rocketing toward second.
Misaki: ......
Misaki jumps to the second line in response.
Inui's <i>really</i> fast.
She's still on the first line, so she hasn't even reached max speed yet, but she's still extremely quick.
This match will be decided by how Inui decides to move on the second line.
Misaki is circling slightly above the line as she waits.
This height should make her opponent think she's not considering her positioning.
However, if Inui moves to steal her position, Misaki will just barely take the height advantage first.
What'll happen?
Inui touches second.
0:1.
Masaya: ......
I gulp as I watch and wait. Time moves slowly, each fraction of a second feels like an eternity.
Misaki: ......
Misaki probably feels the same way.
Inui uses the recoil from the buoy to accelerate. She shoots off straight along the line.
Masaya: Ah...!
My heart starts racing.
Yes!
Inui and Irina-san clearly don't know anything about Misaki!
I was worried that they may have caught wind of our practice sessions at the beach.
But it seems like Misaki's lack of results in any previous tournaments kept them from looking into her.
Masaya: Misaki! Press down on Inui's head!
Misaki: Got it!
Saki: ......
Inui's definitely fast. However, we've been practicing this exact same move on Prez, the fastest Speeder I know, who can now employ feints.
Misaki: Eat this!
Saki: Huh...?!
Surprise instantly runs through Inui.
Bet she never expected that.
Shirase-san let me watch some of her matches at from the nationals when I was at his store.
Inui played all her matches as a Speeder, racking up points through buoys alone to completely dominate her opponent.
The tactic that shocked us to our cores was one she only used against Shindou-san.
The level of FC on Shitou is higher than it is at the nationals.
I doubt Inui has any tactics she uses against strong players other than maintaining a height advantage.
And she doesn't see Misaki as a strong player.
Inui is sent downward from the impact. Meanwhile, Misaki, who used both hands to press down on Inui, swings her arms to take advantage of the recoil and pulls upward.
She's kept the height advantage.
This is exactly how Inui acted in the summer tournament, as well as in her match against Asuka at the Takafuji training camp.
And now Misaki can do it too!
I want to scream my thoughts from the top of my lungs.
What'll you do now, Inui?! What about you, Irina?!
You don't wanna reveal the ace up your sleeve, right?
You don't wanna show your method for attacking from a lower position, do you? That's your trump card. Of course you want to keep it hidden.
I bet you were hoping to conceal it until you got to Asuka in the finals. I'm right, aren't I?
You've already got a one point lead. What'll you do now?
You revealed it in your practice match against Asuka, right? Are you gonna do it now?
Inui looks up at Misaki as she changes her trajectory.
I knew it.
She jumps to the third line.
Masaya: Misaki, you know what to do.
Misaki: I know.
Misaki pulls into a Low Yo-Yo to accelerate and touch third.
Now it's 1:1.
Masaya: Misaki, don't lose focus! We can't afford a single mistake in a match like this!
Misaki: Roger!
If we leave a gap that lets Inui score a point in a dogfight, or let her touch two buoys in a row, we're done.
The score is currently 1:1.
1:2.
2:2.
2:3.
3:3.
3:4. This is going exactly the way I hoped.
They now know that Misaki's learned to keep a height advantage, but we're still hiding that we've figured out a way to attack from below.
If this keeps up, we'll head into overtime based on the scores being even, then eventually sudden death. In that case, whoever scores first will win.
As long as we keep the score the same or within a one point margin, we can pull out a win. There's no need to reveal our trump card.
Sure, Irina-san purposefully brought up Asuka's name in conversation, but I was doing some preparations of my own.
Now I just hope her plan is to not reveal anything they want to keep secret until their match with Asuka.
Inui waits above the third line.
Seeing this, Misaki jumps to the fourth line.
Yes!
Everything's still going as planned.
Mashiro: Go. Misaki-senpai! You can do it! I know you can!
Madoka: You can do it...! Hey, Asuka-chan.
Asuka: ......
Madoka: Asuka-chan!
Asuka: Oh, y-yes, what is it?
Madoka: You're concentrating <i>super</i> hard, huh?
Asuka: I'm so happy that Misaki-chan's learned the meaning of keeping a height advantage! She really is incredible!
Mashiro: Of course she is! Misaki-senpai can do anything!
Asuka: Yes... But I'm worried this might be too much for her.
Mashiro: She does seem tired, yeah... But that's not a problem. Misaki-senpai is incredible even when she's tired!
Madoka: You know, this is going pretty much the same as your match with Inui-san, Asuka-chan.
Mashiro: Come to think of it... they are just jumping lines and letting each other to touch buoys one at a time. They're trading points without Misaki-senpai ever getting in front, just like in your match.
Madoka: At this rate, Misaki's gonna lose, isn't she? Did you teach Hinata-kun how to counter Inui-san, Ms. Kagami?
Aoi: Hm? I didn't teach him anything.
Madoka: Why not?
Aoi: Because thinking through these things is what helps you grow. Masaya had to do it by himself, so I let him.
Mashiro: Then, if Masaya-senpai hasn't figured anything out--
Asuka: Misaki-chan will win!
Aoi: Why do you think that?
Asuka: Because there's no way they haven't thought up anything with the two of them working together.
Aoi: It's not easy to think of a tactic to break through this deadlock.
Asuka: That doesn't matter. The two of them are geniuses!
Aoi: The two of them, huh?
Asuka: Yes!
Aoi: ...I think so too. But what exactly is a genius to you, Kurashina?
Asuka: Well... Um, hm... Someone who can not only meet your expectations, but exceed them.
Aoi: Indeed. A genius is someone who exceeds your expectations, I'm sure.
Asuka: Yes! I know it!
Shirase: Now the real match begins.
Minamo: Misaki-san is... incredibly tired... That looks hard...
Shion: She's pushing herself to the limit. I wonder if Hinata's instructions are too much for her...
Minamo: They simply... can't be...
Shion: Yeah, there's no way.
Shirase: I <i>am</i> worried. Being tired slows your decision making.
Shion: But if things go according to plan... and if Tobisawa can pull off her SuMo without panicking, she'll win, right?
Shirase: But the chances of pulling off an attack from below, even for Misaki-chan, aren't high.
Shion: On the other hand, Inui will be seeing it for the first time, so her reactions will be delayed.
Shirase: Inui's something special, though.
Minamo: She will... do it... I'm... absolutely... certain...
Shirase: Oh? Why's that?
Minamo: I can just... tell. I can feel it... in the air... This is how... it feels when Tobisawa-san is concentrating... extremely hard...
Shion: Well, if that's what you think, you must be right, Minamo-chan.
Shirase: ...The problem now then is when Masaya makes the call.
Shion: It doesn't matter how hard Tobisawa is concentrating if Hinata messes up the timing...
Minamo: Masaya-san won't fail... Those two are... completely in... sync... They're getting closer... all the time... So he won't fail... Though it hurts to admit...
Shirase: ......
Shirase: I see... So it hurts?
Minamo: Yes... It hurts.
Shirase: ...Right.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Misaki's gasping for air.
This isn't a particularly intense match. If anything, it's the opposite. The kind that might be met with boos from a crowd who don't understand what's going on.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
I wonder how many people in the audience realize how hard Misaki's working to remain vigilant?
Things have continued in the exact same way they began. There are two minutes left, and they're dead even at 6:6. Inui's hovering above the fourth line, while Misaki is approaching first.
Masaya: Misaki... We're using the SuMo next.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Why the hell'd we settle on calling it SuMo? It totally kills the hype.
Masaya: You're the one who said you were fine with the name.
Misaki: I didn't actually mean it, though...
Masaya: Could you pant a bit harder? Don't make it seem unnatural, though.
Misaki: Why?
Masaya: We're going to make them think you've been cornered and are lashing out.
Misaki: Wow, that's a pretty low blow, Coach.
Masaya: This is all part of FC. Just think of it like a feint. You need to do all you can to try and deceive your opponent if you want to win. And you don't want to lose, do you?
Misaki: I don't want to lose.
Masaya: What was that?
Misaki: I DON'T WANT TO LOSE!
Masaya: Then get going!
Misaki: Ah...!
Misaki charges, shoulders heaving, teeth clenched, and an expression of sheer frustration on her face.
I don't look over at Irina-san, but I'm sure there's a scornful smile on her face.
I hope that smile only breaks the moment she realizes she's been completely outdone.
Misaki: Meooooooooooooooow!
Saki: ......
Inui positions herself to intercept.
Misaki's charging, her back exposed, seemingly completely exhausted.
The natural response is to intercept. Even if Inui's managed to notice something, and has her guard up...
Has Irina-san? Has she realized? Is she afraid of Misaki? Is she telling Inui to be careful?
Misaki heads straight for Inui while maintaining normal flight.
Inui hovers slightly higher up.
She plans to drag Misaki in, then create enough space for her to touch Misaki's back. She's rising now to create that personal space for herself. Doing so will make it easier to think calmly.
When's the right moment?! When should I make the call?!
Masaya: Misaki!
Misaki: Got it!
Misaki does a half-roll into inverted flight.
Saki: Huh...?!
The two end up flying parallel, facing each other. Inui on top, Misaki down below.
Inui attempts to tear away from Misaki, displeased by the recent development.
Saki: Ah...!
Misaki: I won't let you get away.
Inui reaches her hands out behind her in the direction she's moving, interrupting her flight.
She avoids Misaki's hands in disgust. Her speed is dropping now. Perfect.
Go, Misaki! GO!
You've slowed down, and you're right in each other's faces now!
Misaki succeeded in exchanging blows with Shindou-san at the Takafuji training camp before the summer tournament. This is <i>her</i> domain.
Misaki: I've got you now!
Saki: Ngh?!
Misaki rocks herself in a semi-circle, moving left and right.
She's repeatedly feinting which side she plans on pulling up above from.
Saki: Ah...!
Inui is increasingly frustrated, bending further forward in an attempt to pull away from Misaki. But now she's unable to make any subtle movements.
Misaki draws a small circle as she turns sideways into an ascent.
Masaya: Whoa...!
Saki: Ah...!
She's got the height advantage at point blank range, which means Inui's back is right within her reach.
Misaki: Got you!
Misaki reaches out a hand...
Saki: Ngh!
7:6.
The recoil sends them flying in opposite directions.
Misaki: I did it!
Saki: Ah...!
Misaki: Huh?
Determination solidifies in Inui's eyes as she shoots up like a bullet.
She's wearing Speeder shoes, which means her initial velocity should be low. How'd she manage to gain so much speed that quickly?
Wait, no!
Masaya: Misaki, this isn't the time to relax!
Misaki: Y-Yeah! Aaah!
Inui rushes up to Misaki.
She managed to reclaim the height advantage that quickly? I know Misaki lowered her guard after scoring a point, but...
No, that doesn't matter right now!
Masaya: Misaki! Don't lose!
Misaki immediately resumes her inverted flight.
Misaki/Saki: I won't lose!
Misaki: I won't lose!
Saki: I won't lose!
Misaki: I won't, I won't, I won't lose!
Inui plunges down toward Misaki, who's flying inverted. Misaki simply does a half-rotation to the side and ascends.
Their positions have swapped again.
Inui opens her mouth wide and screams.
Saki: I won't lose!
They're like two sides of the same coin.
If Misaki had let her concentration slip for just a second longer, or if there'd been a slightly bigger gap in her inverted flight...
Then I'm certain that she would've been overwhelmed by Inui, and had the tables turned on her again.
But...
Misaki's grown stronger.
Now that she's taken the lead, she'll defend it to the bitter end.
The match ends.
The two players come to a halt.
Inui's shoulders heave as she stares fixedly at Misaki.
Saki: ......
Misaki: Huh?
Inui approaches.
I can hear her voice through Misaki's microphone.
Saki: If you could do that, you should have done it sooner.
Misaki: ...Huh?
Saki: I've always wanted... to spend a whole match... fighting over positions. Why didn't you... do that from the start?
There's anger in her voice.
Saki: I just wanted to... fight over our positions.
Misaki: ...Well, 'cause I was scared of you, Inui-san.
Saki: I was scary...
Misaki nods.
Misaki: I was scared, and I really wanted to win no matter what. If I'd lost, it would've felt like I'd lost everything.
Saki: I lost... something...?
Misaki: I'm not you, so I don't know, but... I'm still scared of you, even now.
Saki: ......
Misaki: So I'm going to keep on thinking up new ways to beat you. That way, I'll win the next time we meet. I'm <i>super</i> terrified of actually fighting you for positioning, after all.
Saki: ...I see.
Saki: ...In the end, I was all alone.
Misaki: Huh...?
Saki: No, it's nothing...
Inui shakes her head.
Saki: Next time... I hope you'll follow along with my game.
Misaki: D-Don't mind if I do.
Saki: ...Good.
Inui smiles, then leaves Misaki.
Irina: We fell for your trap.
Masaya: You can leave the resentment aside. You basically did the same thing to Shindou-san at the summer tournament.
I don't think they did anything wrong in their match against Shindou-san. Well, I might have at the time, but not now.
Irina: This match has me convinced.
Masaya: Of what?
Irina: That you can master "true FC," Masaya Hinata.
Masaya: What is "true FC," exactly?
Irina: Don't act like you don't know.
Masaya: ......
Irina: Facing Tobisawa-san is all well and good, but I would prefer it if you were Saki's opponent next time, Hinata-san.
Irina-san leaves behind those parting words and walks away.
Act like I don't know, huh?
For some reason, I feel the strength drain from me. Whether I know or not, I have no intention of telling Irina-san.
Misaki: Wow, I actually managed to win!
Masaya: Good job. You were amazing!
Misaki: Dude, like, dude, Inui-san was <i>so</i> scary! Like, totally overwhelming! It's hard to believe she's even human.
Masaya: That makes the fact that you said, "don't mind if I do" when she challenged you to a fair fight all the more impressive.
Misaki: Oh, you heard that? It's sort of a bad habit I picked up from talking to Mask.
Masaya: So, what'll you do? Actually try and take her on head first?
Misaki: Head first...? Nope, not happening.
Misaki's face is dead serious.
Misaki: We'll have to cook up something new when the time comes.
Masaya: Sounds good to me.
I smile and nod.
The back of my neck tingles.
Masaya: Ngh!
Misaki: Hm? Something wrong?
Masaya: Nothing.
I scratch the back of my head.
Masaya: My head just itches a little.
Misaki: Hm...
That ticklish feeling begins to spread down my entire back.
Misaki beat Inui.
Goosebumps suddenly ripple down the back of my neck.
That dark amoeba is beginning to creep around my side.
Mashiro: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow! I've never been this moved in my life!
Asuka: I'm so moved too! That was incredible! Incredibly incredible!
Mashiro: That's my Misaki-senpai!
Madoka: So as far as you're concerned, Mashirocchi, she already belongs to you, huh?
Asuka: Let's go see Misaki-chan!
Madoka: I know Hinata-kun's splitting up our waiting areas to keep his secrets, but going to congratulate her should be fine, yeah?
Mashiro: Yeah! Totally! I won't stand for his tyrannical oppression. No one can keep Misaki-senpai and I apart!
Satouin: Cease this foolishness at once.
Asuka: Oh, you're here, Satouin-san.
Satouin: I just arrived. I <i>am</i> your second, so of course we need to meet and discuss.
Mashiro: Why can't we go see Misaki-senpai?
Satouin: If you think about how Masaya Hinata feels, I'm sure you'll understand.
Madoka: What do you mean?
Satouin: He plans on taking Misaki Tobisawa to the finals, where he'll make her face Asuka Kurashina. For that reason, he doesn't want the two of them to see each other right now.
Mashiro: But why not?
Satouin: Because it is hard to hit a friend.
Madoka: But this is a match, not a fight.
Satouin: It's the same principle... No, it is different. What's the best way to phrase this?
Asuka: ......
Satouin: A fight is impure. It exists to let out your emotions.
Madoka: Impure?
Satouin: Violence is, abuse is, even ignoring someone is. But a match is pure. It's a restricted competition of strength. And because it's pure, the more serious you are about it, the bigger the wounds are if you lose.
Mashiro: It's pure so it... hurts more?
Satouin: Consider my duel with Asuka Kurashina. We were able to become friends after the fact, but that does not change the wounds left on my heart.
Asuka: I-I never meant to hurt you, Satouin-san!
Satouin: Your intentions do not change the pain in the least.
Satouin: If I were to defeat you now, like Misaki Tobisawa just did in her match, while you're trying to prove how incredible Saki Inui is... how would you feel?
Asuka: ...It would hurt. I'd feel like she was denying everything I've worked for.
Satouin: I'm certain you and Misaki Tobisawa will manage to remain friends no matter the outcome. But if you were to meet each other now, you may not be able to give your all in the upcoming match, and that is a source of worry.
Asuka: Is that so...?
Satouin: You may not think that way, but Misaki Tobisawa might. In fact, neither of you may think that way. However, it's still better that you don't meet beforehand, don't you agree?
Asuka: I...
Asuka: I've probably been naive about a lot of things.
Asuka: About fighting, and winning... and even losing.
Satouin: ...Not at all. I'm fully aware of how strict you are on yourself.
Asuka: ......
Satouin: If you weren't, you'd never have been able to endure Ms. Kagami's strict coaching.
Asuka: Oh no, it wasn't that bad... I don't get it! I don't even know how to say it! Lately, I... I've had trouble figuring out how to treat Misaki-chan.
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai...?
Asuka: I know I shouldn't feel like this. I know it's wrong...
Asuka: You know what you were saying, Satouin-san? About pure and impure? Well I'm... impure.
Madoka: ......
Asuka: I like Misaki-chan, but there was this thought that crossed my mind...
Asuka: I hoped, for a second, that she'd lose to Inui-san. I didn't want to...! But it's because I'm not strong like you that I had that thought.
Satouin: You're wrong. Everyone knows there isn't a person on Earth who's devoid of dark feelings. Even I have a fair number of my own. So...
Asuka: So?
Satouin: Let out all your feelings during the match. The conversations, congratulations, and jealousy can begin after that.
Asuka: Okay!
Shirase: Congrats!
Shion: You did it!
Misaki: Congratulations!
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahahahaha! An overwhelming victory!
Everyone: Ah...!
Masaya: Ah...!
Misaki: Ah...!
Shirase: Ah...!
Shion: Ah...!
Things suddenly gets awkward.
I'm pretty sure we all realized this a while ago... but I guess the person in question didn't notice.
Masked Skywalker hurriedly flips the switch on their voice modulator.
Masked Skywalker: Th-That was nothing.
Shion: Nothing at all.
Prez gives a huge nod.
I continue to act like nothing's happened.
Masaya: You pulled off your moves perfectly, Mask, so being your second was a lot of fun. I feel <i>really</i> satisfied right now.
Masked Skywalker: Hahahahahahaha!
They pulled off an easy win against the Dougaura player. The final score was 5:0.
Shirase-san covers his eyes with his hands.
Shirase: I'm so glad I let you be Misaki-chan's training partner.
Masked Skywalker: D-Don't cry, Big Brother!
Everyone: Ah...!
Masaya: Ah...!
Misaki: Ah...!
Shirase: Ah...!
Shion: Ah...!
Things get awkward yet again.
Masked Skywalker: Y-You heard wrong... I didn't say "big brother"!
Man...
Everyone: ......
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
Shirase: ......
Shion: ......
All of us do everything in our power to look off in different directions and pretend we weren't listening.
Shion: Oh, come to think of it...
Prez acts casually as he speaks up.
Shion: Turns out it's fine to have a student from a different FC club act as your second, huh?
Masaya: I heard Asuka and Mashiro have Satouin-san as their second.
Shion: Oh, really?
Misaki: I'm no better, but Asuka and Mashiro <i>definitely</i> aren't suited for being seconds, so it makes sense... But what about Satouin-san's match?
Masaya: Apparently she's not participating this time.
Misaki: Whaaat?!
Masaya: Seems she and Asuka got really close over the summer break.
Misaki: Asuka really is incredible. She might not know it, but she has this way of attracting people.
Masaya: Guess so.
Misaki: Well, anyway, the next match is between me and Mask... What're we doing about seconds?
Shion: I'll be Mask's second.
Masked Skywalker: Rejected!
Shion: My poor heart!
Shirase: You can't reject him now, can you?
Masked Skywalker: But...
Masaya: I'm going to be Misaki's second, but I don't plan on giving her any instructions.
Misaki: Huh?
Masaya: Same goes for Prez.
Shion: Exactly. We won't speak up unless one of you loses sight of your opponent. You'll fight this match on your own strengths.
Misaki: I get it now.
Masked Skywalker: Then we can just as easily do the reverse!
Masaya: Think about it logically, okay? It has to be this way.
Masked Skywalker: When I win this match, I'll have you switch seconds with me for the rest of eternity!
Misaki: D-Don't mind if you do.
Masaya: No, you really should mind.
I turn to face Mask.
Masaya: I have to be Misaki's second, so can you please not complicate things?
Masked Skywalker: Grrrrrr!
Misaki: Oh! Is it okay for me to be this close to my opponent? Maybe we should step away from each other?
Shirase: You don't need to worry about that.
Misaki: You sure about that? Isn't this gonna make the match harder for us?
Shirase: What do you think, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: I don't really mind...
Masked Skywalker: I don't mind either.
Shirase: There you have it. The difference in skill between you two is pretty obvious. You still have a lot to learn before you can make Misaki-chan give it all she's got in a match, Mask.
Masked Skywalker: Th-That's not true!
Shirase: If you could, you wouldn't be around her right now.
Masked Skywalker: Ugh...
Shirase: I'm not criticizing you. This is a fine place for you to be right now. Just watch how a strong Skywalker and second do things. That's your job.
Masked Skywalker: It is?
Shirase: Yes. You're the only FC player Kamidorisha's got. Just observe how things go, and think about what it means to form a FC club.
Masked Skywalker: ...Okay.
Mask turns to face Misaki with a snap.
Masked Skywalker: However, I have no intention of losing! To the gallows with you!
Misaki: D-Don't mind if I do.
Misaki: Oh, nice... Got you!
Masked Skywalker: Dammit!
Misaki's keeping a firm hold on the height advantage while she racks up the points.
We're only halfway through the match, but the score is already 10:0.
Part of me thinks this is overkill...
But I can't tell her to go easy on them. That would just hurt Mask more.
Masked Skywalker: Ugh! Ngh! Above!
When there's such an evident difference in skill, and the more skilled person holds back, the less skilled person often thinks they're being toyed with. It's humiliating, and difficult to recover from.
Masked Skywalker: Whoaaaaaaaaaaaa!
It's better to just lose badly. At least then you know you did everything you could.
Misaki: ...I'm not gonna let you get above me.
What Misaki's doing may seem cruel, but it's the right thing to do.
Masked Skywalker: Ugh... Aww... Whoa... Hic... Ugh...
Their voice modulator's off, but nobody's about to point that out.
The match ends with a final score of 19:0.
Masked Skywalker: Hic... Hic... Aww, aaah... Ngh!
I can't see their face, but Mask's sobbing is clear as day.
Shirase: That was a good lesson.
Shion: If it hurts so bad you're crying, that means there's still a lot of room for you to grow, Minamo-chan.
Masked Skywalker: I'm not Minamo!
Prez's careless words elicit an angry response from Mask.
Shirase: You've gotten a lot stronger.
Masked Skywalker: I scored <i>zero</i> points!
Shirase: Misaki-chan's just too strong. She's one of the best players on Shitou.
Masaya: Understanding the importance of positioning is a strength. The only people at this tournament who can say they truly do are Misaki, Inui, Asuka, and you, Mask.
Shirase: Exactly. You would've made it much further if you didn't end up facing Misaki-chan so soon.
Masked Skywalker: ......
Misaki: H-Hey, Mask. Thank you so much for everything! I look forward to working together in the future!
Masked Skywalker: I'll have you know I'm simply using you! Prepare yourself, for I shall make you a steppingstone on my path to greatness!
Misaki: O-Oh yes, don't mind if I do.
Masked Skywalker: You defeated me, so...! Ughhhhhhhhh... Make sure you win the finals!
Misaki: Y-Yes, don't mind if I-- I mean, I will!
Inui lost in the first round. Mask lost in the second round.
Ichinose in the third, and Mashiro in the third as well.
This is a tournament. The number of competitors decreases fast the further along you go.
The semifinals see Misaki facing Mayu Ganeko.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah... Take this!
Mayu: Ngh! Ughhh!
Misaki and Ganeko-san are spiraling around each other, ascending in a tangled helix when the horn blares to signal the end of the match.
5:3.
Misaki wobbles her way down to me after claiming victory.
Masaya: Good job.
Misaki: Ughhh, I'm beat!
Masaya: How was it?
Misaki: She was strong, but, well... she wasn't scary. Just plain strong.
Masaya: So you weren't afraid, huh?
Misaki: She just wasn't as scary as Inui-san. She threw a lot at me, but I never once thought I was gonna lose.
Masaya: Yeah, because your opponent doesn't know the importance of positioning.
Misaki: Yep! Feels like Inui-san's lesson on the importance of positioning finally came together. As long as I can keep the height advantage, I've got nothing to fear from down below.
Masaya: You're not gonna be saying that after your next match.
Misaki: ...True.
Block B has already finished their matches. Asuka came out on top.
The finals of the fall tournament will be Misaki versus Asuka. A Kunahama showdown.
Suddenly...
I have a thought.
I want to see Aoi-san.
I want to talk to her. I want to discuss both Misaki and Asuka...
I want to talk about what's happened so far, and how the future will unfold.
I'd ask her if I did the right thing, if I got the right results.
What am I doing, trying to rely on Aoi-san at a time like this...?
Masaya: I'm too soft.
Misaki hasn't let herself see Mashiro, so I shouldn't let myself see Aoi-san either.
Softness begets defeat.
There'll be a ten minute break before the third place match. The finals will come after that.
Misaki's gone to the bathroom. Shirase-san and Minamo-chan are at the booth, waiting for the rush of customers they expect during the break.
Prez squints as he looks up at the sky.
Shion: Two of our students are facing off for the title... It feels unreal.
Masaya: Yeah. I never thought it'd end up like this.
I didn't even think I'd be involved with FC at the start of the year.
But here I am, right in the thick of it.
Shion: I wish I could cheer for Tobisawa, but I can't. Not that I can cheer for Kurashina either.
Masaya: Can't you just root for both of them?
Shion: No can do. I know how it feels to lose.
Masaya: ......
Shion: If you root for both parties during a match, and clap every time a point is scored, you end up rooting for the winner more in the end, right? I'd hate that.
Masaya: You're really kind, Prez.
Shion: Don't be gross.
Masaya: Sorry.
Shion: The match hasn't started yet, so let me say this... Win this thing, Hinata.
Masaya: We will.
Winning...
I want to win.
But isn't this the feeling that's been tormenting me all these years?
Back on that summer day...
Back when I first met Misaki...
I ran away from winning and losing.
And yet...
Masaya: We <i>will</i> win.
I want Misaki to win. I know I do. The feeling is solid and unmoving inside me, like it's made of iron.
But... what is winning? Why do I even want her to do that?
I no longer know. The more I think about it, the more distant the answer feels.
I...
I feel something cold spreading through my body.
That dark amoeba covers the tips of my toes to the top of my head.
Where will I go after this?
Misaki: Is something wrong, Masaya?
Misaki looks up at me anxiously, having returned from the bathroom without me realizing.
Masaya: Oh, it's nothing. Just swearing to Prez that you'll come back a champion.
Misaki: My final match is against Asuka... I've been waiting for this day, but it's weird how it doesn't feel real.
Masaya: Yeah, it doesn't.
Misaki: Hm?
Minamo: Um...! Please... drink this..! It will... restore your stamina...! It's a top selling drink that... works quickly and has excellent results...!
Misaki: Y-You brought me a drink?
Misaki's face cramps up. This is clearly reminding her of the protein drink that "smelled like wet dog."
Minamo: This is delicious... It tastes like honey. Last time... I was just... trying to harass you a little... But I'm not doing that now...!
Misaki: Wait, you did that on purpose?!
Minamo-chan shuffles over to Misaki and starts mumbling something to her.
Minamo: (I liked... Masaya-san, so... I'm sorry...)
What'd she just say?
Misaki: Oh, well in that case, I can't really blame you. I'll drink that even if it tastes like wet cat!
Minamo: Ah...
Misaki snatches the bottle and downs it in one go.
Misaki: Mgh, mgh, mgh, mgh, pwaaaaaaaaah! Delicious! My stamina's completely restored!
Minamo: Hahahaha...! Please win... the tournament...!
Misaki: Okay!
Misaki gives her a big nod. Minamo-chan bows in response, then leaves.
Masaya: So, I'm about to ask something weird...
Misaki: Hm?
Masaya: What's winning to you?
Misaki: Where's this coming from?
Masaya: Just wondering if you expect to get something out of winning.
Misaki: You're really asking me that after you drag me all this way?
Masaya: Look, I know what you mean, but I'm curious.
Misaki: You wanna know what I expect? I think I kinda figured that out during this tournament.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: It's not that I care about winning. Honestly, I kinda don't. It's the feeling of wanting to win that's important to me, I think.
Masaya: The feeling of wanting to win?
Misaki: Yeah. Wanting to win is like, wanting to give something your all, wanting to take it seriously, wanting to be here, and not wanting to lose.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Look, this isn't an excuse in case we lose, okay? Beating Asuka is the number one thing on my mind right now.
Masaya: I didn't doubt that for a second.
Misaki: There's still one corner of my mind that's hoping a giant monster will appear.
Masaya: You're still scared?
Misaki: I am. Not of Asuka, but of losing. Though, that said... if I can preserve the feeling of wanting to win, I think it's a victory even if I lose.
Masaya: A loss is still a loss, no matter how you put it.
Misaki: Yeah, but like, as long as I still want to win, I can keep playing FC. If I win, but lose that feeling, then I've actually lost.
Masaya: I guess. I kinda get what you're saying, but I also don't.
Misaki: What do you mean?
Masaya: If you lose, and I mean actually lose, will a simple feeling like that actually let you claim victory?
Misaki: If I really lose, I'll lose the feeling of wanting to win, too. I'm not just playing with words here... I'm being serious.
Masaya: I know. I understand what you're trying to say. And honestly, I think you're right.
Misaki: Cool! Glad you understand. Now, time to talk tactics. Just so you know, losing without giving it my all is what I hate most.
Masaya: What would you like most, then?
Misaki: ...Hm, an overwhelmingly easy victory?
I smile wryly.
Masaya: That's not happening with Asuka as your opponent.
Misaki: Nope. Okay, hit me with everything you've got.
Masaya: Asuka isn't the type of player who aims for perfection. She prefers a challenge, so we'll use that against her.
Masaya: Let's have a good match.
Satouin: I truly didn't believe this would happen with Saki Inui standing in the way.
Masaya: We somehow pulled off a win.
Satouin-san shrugs her shoulders.
Satouin: Somehow, you say? You didn't let Misaki Tobisawa see Asuka Kurashina at all before any of the matches. Does that not mean you planned on winning from the start?
Masaya: If you're in this tournament, you need to plan on winning no matter your opponent.
Satouin: I believe Asuka Kurashina to be even stronger than Saki Inui. Let us ensure neither party has any regrets once this match ends.
Masaya: Of course.
With the formalities over, Satouin-san and I part.
She wants to make sure no one has any regrets, huh?
Sounds perfect.
But...
Given that someone has to win... and someone has to lose, is there <i>really</i> a situation where no one's left upset?
What am I thinking? We've made it all the way to the finals, so why am I acting like this?
Misaki's grown more and more pure with every passing match, but I feel like watching her has made me dirtier.
What am I thinking?
I can see Misaki and Asuka flying toward first.
I clap my hands lightly against my cheeks, trying to suppress the emotions whirling within me.
Let's win this, Misaki!
Misaki: Hey there, Asuka. You doing well?
Asuka: Yes! Very well, in fact.
Misaki: Well, let's have a good one, yeah?
Asuka: Yeah, I'm looking forward to it!
Misaki: Same.
The two of them fall silent.
Misaki: ......
Asuka: ......
It feels like they've both stopped breathing and even made their hearts still.
For a moment, the entire area seems to stop, like it's been covered with a sheet of glass.
Even the sound of the waves feel distant.
The horn blares on the referee's signal, and everything comes alive. Applause and cheers ring out from the crowd.
The final match has begun.
Asuka: Ah...!
Misaki: Ah...!
Asuka gets ahead on the first line, which is only natural for an All-Rounder in this situation. Misaki proceeds to jump to the second line.
Masaya: The start of this is essential. You know that, right?
Misaki: Sure do!
Asuka has kept the height advantage in every match she's played this tournament. That's basically what she's used to win.
But what will she do when that doesn't happen?
She's gotten this far without revealing it.
So the first thing we have to do is get her to show it off.
Misaki circles above the second line as she waits.
Asuka: There!
Asuka touches the buoy. 0:1.
Asuka: Misaki-chan...
Asuka stares up at Misaki.
Misaki: ......
Misaki remains vigilant as she continues to circle to maintain her speed.
Asuka has three possible options.
Fly along the line and aim for third. Fly up to Misaki and challenge her to a dogfight. Jump to the third line.
Which will she pick?
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka remains tense as she looks up at Misaki.
But she doesn't move.
This is strange...
Misaki: What's Asuka thinking?
Masaya: That's what I wanna-- Oh, I get it!
Misaki: Get what?
Masaya: I know you're serious, Misaki, but so is Asuka.
Misaki: What do you mean?
Masaya: Asuka's already scored a point. She's in the lead. Her silence is her way of asserting control over the match.
Misaki: Wait, what?
Masaya: She's basically saying she's fine with you just keeping the height advantage and not attacking.
Misaki: Ohhh, I get it. I'm in the lead, so if you wanna win, you'll have to come and fight me. That right?
This doesn't feel like a tactic Asuka would employ.
I glance to my side.
Satouin: ......
Did Satouin-san order this?
Asuka: ......
I stare up at Asuka. She's so tense that you can see it.
Masaya: Misaki, are you afraid of Asuka?
Misaki: I told you earlier, didn't I? Of course I am.
Masaya: Well, it's the same for her.
Misaki: What?
Masaya: Asuka's scared of you. That's why she's not moving. She's waiting and observing.
I'm sure, in a corner of her mind...
She's hoping the match will just end like this without anything actually happening.
We're talking about Asuka here, so it's definitely a very small feeling. But it's a feeling anyone would have.
Asuka: ......
Though part of her will be hoping nothing happens...
There is one more side to the story.
That the two of them, who are tense and still as statues...
Might be enjoying themselves.
Or at least, I imagine that's how they feel.
On one hand, they're scared. On the other, they're enjoying themselves.
Isn't that how I'm feeling right now?
I doubt Asuka's alone in feeling this way.
Misaki, Satouin, and I all feel the same.
Hell, maybe even the people watching this match do.
Mashiro, Madoka, Shirase-san, Prez, Mask, Aoi-san, Ichinose-san, Shindou-san...
Scared, but enjoying it.
In which case, the fun needs to win out.
Masaya: Have fun, Misaki.
Misaki: Wh-Where's this coming from?
Masaya: Aren't you enjoying this?
Misaki: Of <i>course</i> I'm enjoying this.
Misaki's voice resounds through my headset.
Oh...
Goosebumps rise all over my body as I come to a sudden realization about what Misaki said before the match.
About how the feeling of wanting to win was what was most important to her.
That's what she said.
I sort of got what she meant at the time, but now it's perfectly clear.
The result is just something that follows along from that feeling.
A match isn't something you take part in to win. And it's not something you just do because you don't want to lose, either...
Well, I mean, it <i>is</i> something you take part in to win, and do not want to lose, but the feeling of wanting to win is more important than the actual results.
Though saying the feeling is important feels wrong. There's a more specific word for it.
Love. It's love.
I love the feeling of wanting to win.
I think that's what Misaki was trying to say. I think that's why she plays these matches.
I know Misaki meant every word she said before the match.
She's finally realized how special wanting to win is, and she's okay with that.
But I've always struggled. I was left smoldering. That's how I ended up this way, crushed under the weight of an emotion far more horrible than jealousy.
Misaki was in the same boat as me...
And yet, before her match with Inui...
She thanked me.
"Thanks for getting me here, Masaya".
Did I help Misaki reach this point?
If so, I want to boast about it. I want to tell everyone how amazing Misaki is.
I feel something forcing its way up from deep inside me.
I'm about to cry.
Masaya: I love you, Misaki.
Misaki: Y-You realize we're in the middle of a match, don't you...?! I love you too, Masaya.
Masaya: Good. You wanna have more fun with this match, right?
Misaki: 'Course I do!
Of course.
Masaya: And so do I.
I wonder if Asuka and Satouin-san feel the same way?
What am I saying? I'm sure they do.
And if they don't, we'll just drag them into it.
Masaya: Listen up, I want you to slowly approach Asuka from above and put the pressure on her.
Misaki: So I should try to push her down toward the water?
Masaya: Exactly. But I doubt Asuka will let that happen. She'll try to take the top position from you. We have time, so close the gap slowly.
Misaki: Roger!
Misaki carefully narrows the distance.
Asuka: ......
Hm?
It seems like Asuka's tension has dispersed.
Is she relieved that the match is heating up?
Misaki: ......
Asuka: ......
Asuka doesn't flee as Misaki approaches.
Masaya: Don't grow timid. Close combat is exactly what you want.
I'm sure Asuka has a strategy, but close combat is Misaki's domain.
If we cower here, we have no chance of winning.
Misaki: ......
Asuka: ......
Misaki and Asuka lock eyes.
Then, Misaki starts talking to me through the headset.
Misaki: Asuka's a straightforward girl, so I can tell.
Masaya: Tell what?
Misaki: That she's got something up her sleeve.
Masaya: Concentrate. She's sure to go all in once she gets moving.
Misaki: Mhm...
Things can change in an instant.
If Misaki draws any closer, a dogfight will start.
And so, she comes to a halt.
She's planning to gather her breath, then go in for the kill.
But that seems to be a mistake.
Having the height advantage gives her security, but not knowing what Asuka will do next has her anxious.
Both of those feelings are telling Misaki to be cautious, which was what made her stop.
Misaki: Huh...?! Asuka vanished!
Masaya: SuMo!
Misaki: Ah...!
Misaki doesn't know what's going on, but quickly pulls into inverted flight.
Misaki: Aaah!
Asuka: Huh...?!
Asuka touches Misaki's stomach. The recoil creates a fair bit of distance between them.
Misaki is falling, back toward the ocean. Asuka is rising, back toward the sky.
Asuka: Hm...?
It happened right when Misaki was turning onto her back, leaving her completely shocked.
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka doesn't attack, seemingly having decided to just hold the height advantage.
Masaya: Keep up the SuMo.
Misaki: What just happened? It looked like Asuka vanished.
Masaya: Asuka just slipped past your side at a ridiculous speed.
Misaki: What? But Asuka's wearing All-Rounder Grav Shoes, isn't she? How'd she manage that?
Masaya: She's applying the Angelic Halo technique. Though it doesn't feel perfect or anything...
Misaki: Angelic Halo... You mentioned that before, right?
Masaya: You interfere with the movement of your suit's membrane, allowing you to get a momentary burst of high speed.
Misaki: Wow, why isn't everyone using something as amazing as that?
Masaya: It's hard to pull off. <i>Really</i> hard. The only one in the world who's ever pulled off a perfect Angelic Halo is Aoi-san.
Misaki: So Asuka learned it from Ms. Kagami.
Masaya: Probably. But you don't need to worry. That was nowhere close to a true Angelic Halo. Asuka still can't use it, so we can deal with her speed.
Misaki: You sure?
Masaya: Yeah. We basically have to counter it just like we would with an Airkick Turn or a Cobra.
Misaki: Those are pretty hard to counter, y'know?
Masaya: Don't let it get you down. We're trying to find out what tricks Asuka's hiding, remember? Now it's time for the real match to begin. We'll proceed as planned.
Misaki: Use SuMo and attack from below?
Masaya: Yep! Attack from below, from below, from below. Always from below.
Misaki: Roger!
Masaya: Once it starts, I won't be giving any more instructions.
I won't be fast enough when they get into close quarter dogfights.
Misaki: I know. Believe in me, Masaya.
Masaya: I believe in you. Go, Misaki!
Misaki: I <i>will</i> win!
Misaki faces Asuka while flying inverted.
Asuka manages to stave off Misaki's continued attacks from below.
Misaki: Whoa! Take this...! There!
Asuka: Huh?! Eeek! Ngh!
I can hear the two of them screaming.
Misaki: This time for sure!
Misaki pulls past Asuka's side, then tries to reach out and touch Asuka from above.
Asuka: Oh no you don't!
How'd she pull that off so quickly?!
Asuka used an Airkick Turn to change her trajectory, dodging Misaki's hand while pulling up into an ascent.
Misaki: I'm not done yet!
Misaki chases after Asuka a moment later.
Asuka uses Airkick Turns, Cobras, and her imperfect Angelic Halos to dodge Misaki. They're all techniques that abuse the membrane.
However, those skills only give her a momentary burst of speed. Misaki can more than keep up.
Misaki keeps on challenging her to close range dogfights. Whenever Asuka attempts to give her the slip, Misaki immediately appears right below her again, keeping them face to face.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
This keeps Asuka from doing anything too flashy, and stops them from being locked in a battle for the height advantage.
They say that Skywalkers often share moments only they can ever understand during matches.
Asuka: You're incredible, Misaki-chan! The way you fight is amazing.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah... Yeah, 'cause I don't wanna lose!
That moment immediately shatters as Misaki continues to attack from below.
She attacks and attacks and attacks until the next moment arrives.
Asuka: I-I don't want to lose either!
Misaki: I sure hope not!
I wonder if this'll be the last moment they share up there...
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... I won't let up!
Misaki continues to attack. The moment I think she's reached her limit, she bursts forward again.
To think Misaki, who started with absolutely no stamina, can fly like this.
It's almost enough to make me want to tell her she doesn't need to try so hard.
But I can't say that. I don't want to hurt her. I can't even imagine how much I'd wound her if I told her to stop.
So instead, I'll say the only thing I can.
Masaya: Concentrate! Concentrate! Your chance will come! Don't let it slip by!
Her chances will come, but there won't be many of them.
We're already losing 0:1. If we let any slip, we'll lose the whole match.
Misaki: I don't wanna lose! I wanna win! I don't wanna lose!
I doubt even Misaki knows why she feels that way. But hey, it doesn't really matter.
Where's our chance...? Where is it?
Even Asuka isn't perfect.
In fact, it doesn't matter who you are. Nobody can go a whole match without leaving some openings.
We just have to wait for our moment.
And when it comes, we need to take full advantage of it!
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah... Huh?!
Misaki's panting has thrown her inverted flight out of whack. Her abs are growing tired, leaving her unable to maintain proper form.
Will Asuka attack?
If we go two points down now, we're done.
However, Asuka doesn't attack.
Maybe she thinks Misaki's trying to pull off a feint? Nah, I doubt that's the case.
I think Asuka has something she wants to try out.
Namely, her strategy of fleeing from inverted flight using her imperfect Angelic Halo.
Asuka: Huh?
The perfect chance has arrived.
She messed up that Angelic Halo, so she's spinning off to the side.
Her membrane's moving her in the wrong direction.
I could feel inexperience in her hand movements. I knew this moment would happen sooner or later.
Misaki: Ah...!
Misaki stretches out as she flies up.
Masaya: GOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Her right arm swings down like a whip.
Misaki: REAAAAAAAAAAAACH!
Asuka: Oh no!
Misaki's hand connects with Asuka's back.
There's an explosion of applause.
Masaya: Low Yo-Yo!
Misaki: Okay!
Misaki immediately corrects her posture and turns into a nosedive.
Third is right in front of her.
Misaki: Ah...!
However, Misaki hesitates as she approaches it.
Bet she's thinking this isn't the right way to end this match.
She wants to settle it in a dogfight.
And I get how she feels.
She turns her head to see...
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka charging toward her at full speed.
Masaya: The buoy! Touch it! Touch it! The two of you are gonna end up hurt if you go easy on her!
Misaki: I-I know!
Misaki touches third, then uses the recoil to shoot down the third line and escape from Asuka.
Asuka: Ah...!
How much time do we have left?
I pushed Misaki to fly as fast as she could for this very moment.
But flying full speed won't buy her enough time to wear down the clock.
In which case...
Masaya: Do a half-rotation and push down on Asuka's head!
Misaki: Got it...! Here I go!
Asuka: Ah...!
The next moment...
Dazzling beams of light disperse throughout our surroundings.
Oh, this is it.
This is the end.
The time remaining is no issue, since the score is already settled.
This match is going to end in a head-on collision.
This is where those two girls have arrived.
The moment Asuka, lips pursed, crashes directly into Misaki...
The horn blares, signaling the end of the match.
Recoil sends Misaki drifting away from the field.
Masaya: We... won...
2:1.
The winner of the fall tournament is Misaki Tobisawa.
Deafening applause erupts from all around us.
Misaki challenged Asuka to a fight again and again, failing each time, until Asuka finally slipped up. Then, Misaki didn't let that chance go, and scored two consecutive points.
It was a messy match.
But the audience is cheering nonetheless.
Why?
Satouin-san covers her mic so Asuka can't hear her as she talks to me.
Satouin: Why do you look so confused?
I cover my mic as well.
Masaya: I'm wondering why people are cheering for such a messy match. Is it just because it's the grand finals?
Satouin: Whatever do you mean? Your player went all in on the attack and took advantage of the only chance afforded to her. That obviously deserves congratulating.
Masaya: ...I see.
Satouin: Perhaps you should congratulate Misaki Tobisawa as well?
I uncover my mic.
Masaya: Misaki?
Misaki: Hahahahaha...
Masaya: Congrats, Misaki. You won.
Misaki: Yeah. Yeah... I won. I guess today really is my day after all. But, y'know...
Masaya: Hm?
Misaki: I'm real happy about this match and the one with Inui, but doesn't this whole thing scream like, "to be continued"? I won, as far as winning goes, but that's all I managed.
Masaya: Like, you won the battle, but lost the war?
Misaki: Yeah, that's kinda how it feels.
Masaya: You better leave that between the two of us. Winners can't go around making excuses. Losers make excuses to help them deal with their losses after the fact. If they see a winner making excuses, they'll get angry.
Misaki: I guess so, yeah.
Masaya: Though, I doubt either Inui or Asuka will make any excuses.
Misaki: Yeah.
Oh...
I see Asuka approaching Misaki, so I end our conversation.
Asuka: Misaki-chan!
Misaki: Y-Yes?!
Asuka calls out to Misaki energetically, and Misaki responds in kind.
Asuka: I never knew people could fly like that.
Misaki: O-Oh, well, Masaya and the others sort of invented it...
Asuka: Please teach me! I want to know all about it! I want to try flying in all sorts of different ways!
Misaki: ...Sure. But in exchange, you've gotta teach me how to manipulate the membrane like you do. I've never even thought about it before.
Asuka: Okay! Also... Also... Let's continue where we left off right now!
Misaki: Hahahahaha, right now? You just can't wait, huh?
Asuka: No. It turns out I hate losing more than I realized.
Misaki: You wanna win, huh?
Asuka: I do.
Misaki: Same. So let's do it. I'm ready whenever. Also... there's one thing I kinda just noticed...
Asuka: What's that?
Misaki: Aren't we pretty damn awesome?
Asuka: Yes!
Misaki: Hahahahaha.
Asuka: Haha, hahahaha.
Misaki: Thank you, Asuka.
Asuka: Oh no, thank you. I'm looking forward to working together again!
Misaki: Yeah... Same here!
Shion: Waaaaaah! Waaaaaah!
Shirase: You act all stoic through the whole match, but start wailing <i>now?</i>
Shion: Only a robot wouldn't start bawling after seeing that, Shirase-san!
Shirase: I'm almost jealous that you can cry like that...
Minamo: Clubs... are wonderful, Big Brother...
Shirase: Yeah, they are. I hope you can create a club like that too, Minamo.
Minamo: Yeah... I'll do my best...
Shion: Waaaaaah! Waaaaaah! Tobisawa and Kurashina did so well!
Mashiro: Ms. Kagami! We can go see them now, right?!
Aoi: Yes, go congratulate the two... No, go congratulate the four of them.
Mashiro: I can charge at Misaki-senpai, switch off her Grav Shoes, push her to the ground, and rain kisses down on her, right?! I mean, she <i>did</i> win!
Aoi: Don't ask me. Just go do it.
Madoka: That's what happens to the winner here...? You're one scary girl, Mashirocchi.
Mashiro: I'm heading over!
Madoka: Wait for me!
Mashiro: I will not!
Madoka: Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Aoi: Congrats... Masaya.
Rika: President, if I work really, really, really, <i>really</i> hard, will I... ever be able to fly like the two of them?
Shindou: You won't.
Rika: I thought as much...
Shindou: But you don't have to. FC is a broad sport. The day we can beat them may arrive sooner than you think. I always go into matches with winning in mind, and so should you.
Rika: Can I still try that hard? I won't regret it, will I? I'm scared of putting in all that effort for nothing...
Shindou: You won't know if you'll regret it or not until all is said and done.
Rika: I'm... fine with regretting it. I just want to put in the effort. No... I will. I <i>will</i> put in the effort.
Shindou: If you want to do something from the bottom of your heart, then you have to do it. That's what I think.
Rika: I'm going to keep playing FC.
Misaki: What?!
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai!
A crowd of people have gathered to congratulate Misaki and Asuka. I stay long enough to watch Mashiro break through the crowd and pull off a magnificent Suicida into Misaki.
...Where the hell'd she learn to do that? Maybe she'd make a better Fighter than I thought.
Okay, now...
After walking away from the crowds, I pull out my phone.
Masaya: Ah...!
Shindou: What's up?
Masaya: You're at the tournament, right?
Shindou: I am. It seems congratulations are in order. It was a great match.
Masaya: Thank you very much.
Shindou: You smashed through both Inui-kun and Kurashina-kun. Your tactics were amazing, Hinata-kun, as was Tobisawa-kun for putting them into practice.
Masaya: ...Thanks.
Shindou: You raised an annoying player, just like I said before.
Masaya: Mind talking for a bit?
Shindou: That's fine by me, but shouldn't you be congratulating Tobisawa-kun and Kurashina-kun right now?
Masaya: Nah, a bunch of other people are talking to them right now. Where are you? Do you mind speaking in person?
Shindou: Sure. I'm still by the main building.
Masaya: I'll be right there.
Shindou-san stands before me with that same invigorating smile he had on the day we first met.
Shindou: So, what's up?
However, his tone is unusually serious.
Guess he's figured out what's troubling me.
Masaya: Do you remember how you asked me to be your training partner?
Shindou: Of course.
Masaya: Well, my body...
Shindou: Is there something wrong with your body?
Masaya: Guess you can say that. There's this dark, sticky thing inside it. It clings to me and stops me from moving freely.
Shindou: What does that mean?
Masaya: To put it simply, jealousy. But it's a far more complicated emotion than just that.
Shindou: The second of the victor is jealous? It'd make more sense if people were jealous of you.
Masaya: At first, I thought I was jealous of Asuka. Then, I thought I was jealous of Misaki. But I was wrong.
Shindou: ......
Masaya: I'm jealous of Inui, of you, of Prez, of Mashiro and Ichinose and Satouin-san... I'm jealous of everyone who plays FC.
Shindou: Everyone, huh? That's impressive. Though I suppose I should expect no less from you, Hinata-kun.
Masaya: Expect what you want. I just feel like screaming. Why can everyone fly when I can't?!
Shindou: Why don't you just fly?
Masaya: Exactly! Why don't I?! Do you know how many years it's been?
Shindou: Honestly, I do know how many years it's been, but I don't want to tell you.
Masaya: I don't think I can fly properly anymore. It scares me. I'm scared of how different I'll be. I'm scared of everyone's expectations. Won't I be a lot weaker than I once was?
Shindou: You won't know that unless you try.
Masaya: Not knowing scares me too. I'm scared of everything. But what I'm most scared of is... Misaki.
Shindou: Of Tobisawa-kun?
Masaya: Misaki was flying for my sake, not for her own. I'm so happy I could cry. That's why I want to do something to return the favor, no matter what it is.
Shindou: ......
Masaya: Misaki flies in no small part because I forced her to get back into it. I forced her to take practice seriously, I forced her to become determined. Though, I bet she'd say she did it of her own free will.
Shindou: ......
Masaya: But there's no doubt in my mind that it only happened because I forced her to. And then, Misaki went and won the whole tournament for the two of us. She's just too incredible!
Shindou: You're right. Tobisawa-kun is incredible.
Masaya: Assuming I make my comeback, I don't think there's anything more I can do for Misaki. And what scares me most is... I'm... I'm afraid that I'll never beat her.
Shindou: Did you want Tobisawa-kun to win? In fact, what was it you wanted to begin with?
Masaya: Huh? Well... I wanted Misaki to recover from her frustration.
Shindou: So, what is it you want from me?
Masaya: Well, um... I don't know. I just thought I could speak to you about all this.
Shindou: I'm thinking of competing in a foreign league. Ms. Kagami got me an invite.
Masaya: She did?
Shindou: Whether or not you can fly again isn't for me to decide.
Masaya: I know that.
Shindou: But the one thing I can tell you is that it's okay to be afraid.
Masaya: It is?
Shindou: Overcoming your fears is fun, I think.
Masaya: ...Right.
Shindou: You have to decide this for yourself, Hinata-kun. Don't rely on me.
Masaya: I know.
I look Shindou-san firmly in the eyes as I say that.
He smiles.
I'm going to decide for myself. I've made my mind up.
It's sweltering. The sun's glistening off the sandy beach.
The calendar says it's fall, but most people would probably assume it's summer based on the weather.
Masaya: Almost didn't make it in time.
There's a single figure in the sky above the coast. A girl who's doing some field flying. Misaki Tobisawa.
The breeze blows in from the sea.
The moment it brushes against my neck, a flood of memories rush through my head.
I loved how my hair would cling to the membrane, then come unstuck and flutter in the wind.
Masaya: ......
I raise a hand to the back of my neck.
I used to love the feel of my hair tickling me in this spot.
My hair would always tickle me here when I played FC. That's why I loved playing.
They're memories of fun times. Times where I was totally engrossed in flying.
However...
Recalling them now makes my chest hurt. I brought time to a standstill to escape from that pain.
I want time to start moving again... No, that's not quite right.
I want to start over from the beginning. To start from the feeling of enjoying soaring through the sky.
I want to fly with my heart full of the same joy I felt the very first time.
I think back.
What was it that Misaki told me on the day we met that one summer? How did she feel when she called out to me for that first time?
Was she nervous like I am now? Or did she just feel completely normal?
I imagine it was the latter. After all, it didn't take much courage.
Masaya: Misaki!
Misaki: Oh, Masaya!
Misaki descends toward me.
Misaki: Something's been up with you lately. Why'd you tell me to come practice here alone?
Masaya: L-Look...
Misaki: Hm?
Masaya: Um...
Misaki: Y-Yeah?
Misaki: Hellooo! Hellooo!
When'd they get there?
There's someone unfamiliar standing on the beach, looking up at me. They're waving furiously to get my attention.
I approach them.
Masaya: What's up?
I can see that their eyes are sparkling.
Misaki: Is that fun? I'd like to give it a try...
They smile bashfully at me.
Misaki: Please let me fly!
Surprised though I am by their sudden request, I puff out my chest and say...
Masaya: Sure. This is known as Flying Circus.
Misaki: Flying... Circus?
Masaya: It's the name of the best sport in the world!
Masaya: Is it fun?
Misaki: Hm? Yeah, it is. Where'd that come from?
Masaya: Can I try?
Misaki: Huh? Oh, sure...
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Huh...? Mmmmmm?! I get it! I <i>totally</i> get it!
Masaya: If you get it, then get that mischievous glint out of your eye and just follow along with the conversation.
Misaki: Heheh, you picked a pretty risky way to show me that you've decided to make your comeback.
Masaya: How's it risky? It would've been too hard for me to say it any other way. I couldn't just come out and say it. I had to make a whole thing of it, force myself into a situation where I <i>had</i> to say it... Otherwise, I'd just stay silent.
Misaki: You're such a cute little kitty, Masaya.
Masaya: Quit teasing me. I'm so embarrassed. God, I wanna die.
Misaki: Don't worry, I'll be nice to you... Go ahead and start again.
Masaya: ...Let me fly too.
I want to fly. That's the only thought on my mind.
But I'm still so scared of flying. Everything about it makes me anxious... No, that doesn't matter. I want to fly.
Misaki does a little twirl, then gives me a big nod.
Misaki: Sure, I'll let you. But I have one condition.
Masaya: What is it?
Misaki: You can't get frustrated when you find something hard or painful.
Masaya: I won't.
Misaki: Oh yeah? Then I'll give you permission to fly.
Masaya: Thanks... I am a bit scared, though.
Misaki: Cool. That's a good thing.
Masaya: Being scared is <i>good?</i>
Misaki: Yeah, 'cause fear's a powerful emotion. You can use it to make your other emotions stronger too.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Shindou-san said that overcoming your fear was fun.
Misaki: If you're afraid, you'll put in more effort and work harder. If you fly while afraid, you're going to fight to get used to it faster.
Misaki...
Misaki is incredible.
How many times have I thought that by now?
I haven't even told her that much about how I feel, but she understands everything.
I still have that dark amoeba like thing seeping through me.
But Misaki is telling me to use it to fly.
Misaki is telling me that it's okay to feel like this.
And now that she's told me this...
There's something I want to say to her in return... Something with my feelings behind it.
However, I can only think of the simplest phrase. One that has consumed my entire being.
Masaya: I love you, Misaki.
Misaki: I know. I love you too, Masaya.
Masaya: I'm completely serious about all this.
Misaki: Hahahahaha, how about you purrove that instead of just telling me?
Masaya: Good point...
I brace myself, choosing my next words carefully.
Masaya: Let's start by going up to the first line.
Misaki: Huh? We're going straight into a match?
Masaya: Figured I should work out how good I am first.
Misaki: Aight! Sounds like a good place to start to me.
Misaki flies up to the field, then looks down at me.
Misaki: Let's do this, Masaya!
I give her a huge nod.
Masaya: FLY!
I float up, like I'm being sucked up into that blue sky.
This is what it feels like to fly in the field.
My body remembers the sensation. Happiness begins to gush upward from deep within.
A shiver runs through me.
This is what flying feels like.
Misaki: It's my turn to help you now, Masaya, so don't worry. Just follow me.
Masaya: I can't not worry.
Misaki: I get that. I mean, I was worried too.
Masaya: Really?
Misaki: Yep! But I still made it, so... you'll be fine.
She smiles at me. And I know I'm smiling right back.
Misaki: Come on, Masaya.
It feels like a whole host of emotions, as broad as the blue sky, are being sucked out of me.
All of them, the good, the bad, are being absorbed into Misaki's smile.
Rika: ......
Masaya: ......
...Well, we're neighbors, so this sort of thing is bound to happen every once in a while.
Rika: Wh-Where are you going?
Hm? I just had a feeling of deja vu.
Rika: Why do you look so confused?
Masaya: Didn't the same thing happen about a year ago?
Rika: Did it?
Masaya: We went to Iron Mall on Fukuru Island and bumped into Satouin-san, remember?
Rika: We met Satouin-senpai...? Oh, yes! We ate fried chicken together.
Masaya: Pretty similar to what's happening now, right?
Rika: Oh, yes. Are you going to Iron Mall today, then?
Masaya: No, unfortunately... Um, I probably shouldn't say unfortunately...
Ichinose giggles.
Rika: You can just come out and say it.
Masaya: I have plans with Misaki.
Rika: Tobisawa-san? Ohhh, a date, huh? You two are as lovey-dovey as usual.
Masaya: Things are going well, yeah.
Rika: They are? How nice. I'm jealous.
Ichinose shrugs her shoulders and smiles.
Rika: So, you have the day off as well?
Masaya: What, Takafuji's on break right now?
Rika: We're at peak exhaustion.
It's the week before the summer tournament. Fatigue has just about reached its maximum, so all we can do is practice in moderation to preserve ourselves for the big day.
This is the simplest method of making sure you'll be in good shape.
Rika: I thought I'd go shopping with some friends... Oh, did you hear about Shindou-senpai?
Masaya: Of course. I knew he'd do well, but... let's just say I never thought he'd develop his own style instead of adapting to the league he was joining.
Rika: He's a very strong willed person, so I actually expected as much.
Shindou-san joined the Northern Europe League, which is known for having many players who excel at dogfighting. However, he didn't adapt to their playstyle.
Instead, he developed his own unique style. Instead of using his speed like a Speeder normally would, he used it in dogfights to essentially overpower his opponents with speed no matter the situation.
I think that's the answer Shindou-san found after his match with Inui.
Rika: I'm working hard so that people don't comment on how things have changed since Shindou-senpai left. Satouin-senpai's really giving it her all, too.
There's power behind her gaze.
Rika: None of us want to lose... We want to overtake you.
Masaya: I don't want to lose to you either.
Rika: You sound confident. Are you so sure you can beat me if we meet?
Masaya: Not at all. I've been afraid since my comeback, wondering how far I can go.
Rika: ...Not many people can admit to being scared.
Masaya: I've decided to fly without concealing my fear.
Rika: You're strong, Hinata-san. It takes a strong person to admit their fear.
I only seem that way thanks to Misaki. However, I feel like saying that would come across as boasting about my girlfriend, so I remain silent.
I ring the intercom.
Misaki: Whoa, you're here early! I'm coming!
I hear Misaki's voice through the door, not over the intercom.
I look at my phone to check the time. I'm not early. I'm right on time.
I only pressed the buzzer. What if I was just the mailman? That'd be embarrassing.
That blind courage <i>is</i> just like Misaki, though.
Speaking of her personality, she always hits this weird state of high concentration when she reaches a decisive moment, just like in the fall tournament.
No one other than her could continue to pull off wins at the very last second like that.
I look up into the deep blue sky.
Masaya: The summer tournament's just around the corner.
My shoulders tense slightly as the wind tickles the back of my neck.
Misaki: Hey there!
Misaki, looking flustered, suddenly appears.
Misaki: Sorry I made you wait... I suddenly thought, what if it's the mailman, and rushed around to find my stamp.
Masaya: ...That was a waste of time.
Misaki: I spent the whole time thinking about how badly I wanted to see you... and how I should be doing that instead of looking for my stamp...
Misaki: It filled my heart with feelings for you, so it wasn't a waste of time at all. And so, now that my heart's full, I'm in perfect form today!
Masaya: Perfect form for what?
Misaki: Um, like, getting you to spoil me rotten?
She cuddles up to me.
Misaki: Me a hungwy kitty. Me want meowney.
Masaya: You really don't hold back, huh?
Misaki: Hahahahaha!
She links her arms behind her back and peers into my face.
Misaki: Where are you gonna take me today?
Masaya: Hm, how about we just go wander around the shopping district like normal?
Misaki: I get that like, the only places we can go are the shopping district or Iron Mall. I just wish every once in a while you'd whisk me off somewhere far away.
Masaya: Next time.
Misaki: Next time? I'm gonna be whisked away next time?! How exciting!
Masaya: Shirase-san convinced me to take part in that long distance race they're holding in Kyushu over the summer break.
Misaki: Lame!
Masaya: If we win the summer nationals, we'll get to compete on the world stage. It's a chance to go abroad.
Misaki: That's not what I want. I want us to be together and poke each other all over!
Masaya: ...Is that some kind of secret martial arts technique they discovered at the far reaches of the Earth?
Misaki: I don't care about what happens at the far reaches of the Earth. I just wanna go on a trip and be all coupley the whole time!
Masaya: Don't say that out loud!
Misaki: Pokey, pokey, pokey!
Misaki starts poking and prodding me all over.
Masaya: Quit it, that tickles.
Misaki: You think there's a girlfriend out there who'd stop at that? Fat chance! Pokey!
Misaki suddenly links her arms behind her back again and peers into my face once more.
Misaki: ...Do you wanna compete abroad?
Masaya: Well, I just thought I'd start by getting back to where I used to be... How about you?
Misaki: Of course I do! Wait, stop, no more of this! We're on a date today! Hm, so our choices are the shopping district or Iron Mall...
Mashiro: How about Mashiro Udon?
Misaki: Udon may be the best food in the universe, but who in their right mind starts off a date with it?
Mashiro: You can always just give up on the date and come to Mashiro Udon alone, Misaki-senpai.
Misaki: That... could work...
Masaya: No! Wait, what are you doing here, Mashiro?
Mashiro: My house is pretty close to Misaki-senpai's.
Masaya: That doesn't explain why you showed up at this exact moment.
Mashiro: You two have been practicing so much lately that I was sure you'd go out on a date today...
She puffs out her chest with pride.
Mashiro: I pretended I was out on a walk as I continuously strolled past Misaki-senpai's house just so I could get in the way of your date. It's a perfect crime.
Masaya: Not so perfect when you just admit it to our faces...
Mashiro: Please don't be so rude. This is a matter of the heart.
Masaya: So you have the heart of a criminal, too...
Well, she's certainly motivated.
Masaya: Why do you wanna get in our way, anyway?
Mashiro: I may approve of your relationship... but I'm worried that Misaki-senpai will forget about me if I don't.
Misaki: Mashiro...
Misaki suddenly spreads her arms wide and pulls Mashiro into a tight squeeze.
Mashiro: Whoa, whoa, whoa?! Wh-Why am I suddenly in paradise?
Misaki: I just thought it was unfair of me not to return the love you're always giving me.
Mashiro: W-Well, if this is how you return my love, then you get a lifetime pass to eat at Mashiro Udon for free!
Masaya: You'll regret saying things in the moment like that.
Misaki: Thanks, Mashiro.
Misaki relinquishes her from her grasp.
Mashiro: Haaah, haaah, if you'd gone any further, my heart would've given out.
Masaya: Don't go getting sick just before the tournament. You should be able to put on a good show this time around.
Mashiro: I won't get sick. I'm going to beat you, Masaya-senpai, and reclaim Misaki-senpai for myself!
Misaki: ...Reclaim? So I used to belong to you?
Mashiro: Of course! Listen up! I want to get results for all my hard work! I don't want to keep dragging the two of you down!
Mashiro bows quickly, then dashes off into the distance.
Misaki: Hahahahaha!
Masaya: What's so funny?
Misaki: She just said "the two of you," like, including me, yeah? Mashiro's never treated me like that before. It's great.
Masaya: It is?
Misaki: She also said she doesn't wanna drag me down, which means she's taking FC seriously, and that means she finds it fun.
Masaya: If you think so, you must be right.
Misaki: She probably wanted us to know that before the summer tournament.
I get what it's like to want to tell someone how you feel about FC.
Misaki: Okay!
Misaki suddenly grabs hold of my wrist.
Misaki: Let's do our best at the summer tournament for Mashiro's sake!
She pulls my wrist into the air as she says that. It's almost like we're cheering.
Misaki: C'mon, you too, Masaya. Mashiro can probably still hear us.
She pulls my wrist up once again.
Misaki: Let's do our best for Mashiro's sake!
Masaya: Let's do our best!
I scream out with her.
Now that I've said that, the reality of how close the tournament is has finally dawned on me.
Misaki squeezes my wrist.
Misaki: Um... is it okay if I just... move my hand down into your palm?
Masaya: G-Go ahead...
Misaki slowly lets go of my wrist.
Misaki: I-I'm gonna do it!
Masaya: Why are you so nervous? We've held hands a bunch.
Misaki: Hahahaha... Holding hands with someone you love always makes you nervous.
Masaya: Is that how it works?
Misaki: I start thinking things like, "My hand's not dry, is it? It's not all damp, is it? What if he hates me 'cause of it?" y'know?
Masaya: You really think I'd hate you over that?
Misaki: No, but... it still worries me.
Misaki breaths a short sigh.
Misaki: Time to start our date!
She swings our hands to and fro as she makes that declaration.
Misaki's in high spirits as we walk through the shopping district, having just knocked out a high score in the rhythm game she hasn't played in a while.
Misaki: Fast food for lunch, shopping, dessert at a cafe, then the arcade! Today was so great! It's all pretty vanilla, but they're common 'cause they're fun.
Masaya: Guess so.
Misaki: Though, I bet I'd have fun anywhere when I'm with you.
Masaya: Same.
Misaki: Oh, so you'd have fun being with yourself now, huh?
Masaya: When'd I get a doppelganger?
Misaki: What, we're talking philosophical now? Can't say I really care about that, but good luck, Masaya!
Masaya: Quit spouting nonsense!
It looks like she's having fun, which is great, but she's in a weird mood. I think she may be trying to force herself to relax.
Minamo: Oh...
Masaya: Hm?
Misaki: It's Minamo-chan.
Minamo: Ah...!
She spins around and runs away.
Misaki: Huh? Wait up!
I follow Misaki as she gives chase.
Masaya: You didn't say anything weird to her during our last joint practice session, did you?
At the start of the new school year, the Kamidorisha FC Club gained four new members. We've had several joint practice sessions with them since.
Misaki: No, of course not. We get along great!
I do see them chatting after practice all the time, and I never heard anything about any trouble.
Misaki: Wait! Mask!
Minamo: Huh?!
Minamo-chan's legs get all tangled up, and she manages to catch her foot on a tiny bump in the pavement.
Minamo: Eeek!
Misaki: A-A-Are you okay?
Masaya: You're not hurt, are you?
We help her back to her feet.
Minamo: I told you not to say anything about the mask!
Misaki: Sorry.
Minamo: Why did you chase after me?!
Misaki: Well, umm... Why'd you run away from us in the first place?
Minamo: ...Because of what my brother said during the fall tournament. How I couldn't be around you if I wanted a serious match with you.
Misaki: There's still a week until the tournament, though.
Minamo: There's... <i>only</i> a week... I like you, and I like Masaya-san, but... this time... I'm... serious...
Misaki: I see... I'm sorry for chasing you!
Misaki bows her head deeply.
Minamo: Oh no... Um, you don't need to apologize.
Misaki: I should've realized when you ran away... There <i>is</i> only a week left.
Minamo: Yes there... is... I'm taking this seriously...
Misaki: I'm taking this seriously too.
Minamo: Good.
Misaki and Minamo-chan both nod, then turn their backs on each other in perfect sync.
Misaki: Let's go, Masaya.
Masaya: Mhm.
Misaki: ......
We walk in silence.
You'd think the noise would be overwhelming in the shopping district, but for some reason, none of it reaches my ears.
Masaya: Don't go doing anything reckless. Excessive training at this point is counterproductive.
Misaki: Just focusing on trying to improve my concentration is fine, right?
Masaya: You'd do it even if I told you not to, right?
Misaki: ...Yep.
Masaya: Wanna go see the sea?
Misaki: Yeah.
Masaya: Give me your hand.
Misaki: Okay.
I begin to walk, pulling Misaki along behind me.
Misaki: ...Ah!
Masaya: Ahhh...
With the tournament so close, I understand the feeling of wanting to just get out there and move. It's hard to settle down otherwise.
Asuka: ......
Still, I also know it's bad to fly when you're supposed to be resting.
Asuka: ...Ah!
Asuka notices us while she's doing some field flying. Man, she looks like a kid who's been caught with their hand in the cookie jar.
Masaya: Get down here, Asuka!
Asuka: O-Okay...
Asuka descends toward us and turns off her Grav Shoes.
Asuka: I didn't think you'd spot me.
Masaya: You know you shouldn't be practicing.
Asuka: I thought a little wouldn't hurt...
Misaki: How long have you been practicing?
Asuka: Only about... three hours, I think?
Masaya: That's <i>way</i> too long! I don't wanna face you in the tournament unless you're at full strength, understand?
Misaki: Calm down. What's done is done.
Asuka: I just want to work as hard as I can... It's hard to hold back, so I...
She falls silent for a while, then smiles sweetly.
Asuka: I wish the summer tournament would start already.
Misaki: Yeah.
Misaki's smile is radiant as she nods.
Asuka: Inui-san's competing in this one, and she hasn't gone to any tournaments since the fall one.
Masaya: Y'know, I've heard Satouin-san's been trying all sorts of things to imitate Shindou-san's new style.
Asuka: This is all so exciting!
Misaki: I'm excited too.
Masaya: Same here... I'm also kinda scared, though.
Asuka: Of course you are.
Masaya: ...You scared too, Asuka?
Asuka: I wouldn't have broken my promise and practiced today if I wasn't.
Misaki: I know the feeling. Hehehe, I'm scared too.
Asuka: Being scared is fun.
The way Asuka feels...
I'm sure it's how we all felt during the fall tournament grand finals.
Asuka: I wish the summer tournament would start already.
Misaki: We're almost there.
The two girls share a smile.
Misaki stares at Asuka as she goes off into the distance.
Misaki: I <i>totally</i> get how Asuka feels.
Masaya: Same here.
Misaki: Of course you do...
I look inward.
Countless problems swirl around inside me, many that I'm barely even conscious of. They itch at me, leaving me unable to stand still.
Misaki: How's your comeback feeling? Did I... get you there, Masaya? Have you made it?
Masaya: I have.
I'm at a point where I can move forward without averting my eyes from the jumbled mess of emotions inside me.
I now fly with those feelings. Hell, you could even say I fly <i>because</i> I have those feelings.
Misaki: You made it... That's great. I'm... worried. I'm scared of all the people who'll be coming to the summer tournament, aiming to beat me. Am I really that good?
Masaya: You can fly because you're worried. That's how you feel, so just take those feelings and fly with them as you are.
Misaki: As I am...
Masaya: Carry those worries into your match... and use them to help you win. Questioning yourself could hurt your mental game, but you can only grow by overcoming those issues.
Misaki: Wow, look at Mr. Optimist over here.
Masaya: I'm only repeating what you taught me.
Misaki: Oh really?
Masaya: Yeah, really.
Misaki stares at me, seemingly amazed, before forming a slight smile.
Misaki: ...What'll you do if you end up facing me in the tournament?
Masaya: I'll win. So you better hit me with your best shot. I'm sure we'll still love each other no matter the results.
Misaki: Part of me wants to lose to the person I love, but that's not enough to make me go easy on you.
Masaya: I wouldn't want it any other way.
Misaki: Aight!
Masaya: What?
Misaki turns toward the sea as we stand alone on this beach.
Misaki: I'm gonna win! I'll give it everything I've got! I'll face Masaya with all of my love! I'll give it everything, everything, and I mean <i>everything</i> I've got!
Masaya: Good. That's the Misaki I wanna have a match with.
Misaki: What, you <i>just</i> want a match?
Masaya: Hm?
Misaki: I love you with everything I have, Masaya, so... I don't really know how to put this, b-but you know how it is!
Masaya: I love... everything about you, Misaki. And I'm gonna continue to date all of you!
Misaki: Hahahahaha, okay. Yeah!
I take Misaki's hand in mine.
Then, we look up at the red sky together.
I have so many feelings running through my mind that I can't put them into words.
However, I'm confident that the way I feel is getting to her through our connected hands.
I look over at Misaki's face as she stares silently up at the sky.
Misaki: ......
I swear, I feel like I could fly forever as long as I have her by my side.
I bet I could even travel beyond the sky.
I'm convinced.
The wind blows past us.
It tickles the back of my neck.... Man, I love this feeling.
...Okay, it's time to fly.
From now on, I'll move forward without ever letting go of these feelings Misaki's helped me understand.
★: Misaki Route -- END
Time for practice.
I happen to remember something Mashiro told me yesterday that has me worried.
Namely that Misaki's gonna try hard to get her to spill details about our relationship.
Guess I'll keep my eyes peeled.
Misaki: Haaah... Haaah... Go on, Mashiro, tell Uncle Misaki here. How far have you and Masaya gone...?
Mashiro: Uh...
Masaya: Well, that took no time at all.
Misaki: Ouch!
After I bop her lightly on the back of the head, she rubs the spot in pain even though we both know that didn't hurt at all.
Misaki: Come on, I was just playing around!
Masaya: Seems more like full-blown harassment to me.
Misaki: Look, I'm just worried about my little siblings' future. What's wrong with that? I'd hate to see a baby pop out and ruin their dreams.
Masaya: I don't remember ever becoming your little brother.
Misaki: But it's mostly just plain curiosity! Heehee...
Masaya: I think you mean <i>entirely</i> plain curiosity.
Misaki: What's your problem? Girls are interested in this kinda stuff too, y'know!
Misaki: I am, of course... but so is Mashiro, just so you know.
Masaya: Ah!
She looks at me with a mischievous grin. Dammit, that last part about Mashiro made my heart skip a bit.
Mashiro: M-Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Hey, I'm a good girl. I don't tell <i>any</i> lies, got it?
Masaya: Well, true or not, this is practice time.
Misaki: So I can ask about all this stuff outside of practice, then?
The fact that she didn't opt for the obvious "Too bad I'm not in the club, so I don't have to follow your rules!" shows how considerate she is.
Masaya: ...I'd rather you not, but I can't force your hand.
Misaki: Woohoo!
Mashiro: Senpaaai!
Mashiro cries out in distress, but I'm just going to have trust her to keep her mouth shut.
Fortunately, we haven't done anything that would... Actually, nevermind. If Misaki found out what we said to each other over the phone last night, I'd want to die.
I just have to bank on Mashiro's resilience. Unfortunately, I can see that crumbling like a cookie with even the slightest pressure from Misaki.
...Now that I think about it, was there <i>really</i> never anything going on between them?
I don't mean a full-blown romantic relationship, but maybe like... trying a few things out of curiosity...?
Misaki: Wanna try kissing?
Mashiro: I'd be too embarrassed to do that with you, Misaki-senpai... Ah!
...I never took myself as the kind of guy who'd fuss over a girl's past, but damn, the thought of Misaki taking her first kiss really makes me jealous.
Well, I guess there are situations where you'd want to be fussy, but I just personally want to be a more calm and laid-back boyfriend.
Misaki: Hehehe! I'm gonna getcha, little girl!
Mashiro: Stooop!
Masaya: Quit wriggling your fingers.
Misaki: Oww... Hey, was that chop harder than last one? I think it was.
Masaya: Must be your imagination.
I need to work on my restraint.
Masaya: Think you'd be able to play as a Speeder, Misaki?
Misaki: I mean, I <i>can,</i> I guess... but not well. What's this about?
Masaya: I watched the replay of Mashiro's match against Ichinose, and it's painfully clear that she's lacking matchup experience.
Ichinose showed us everything we need to improve on.
Misaki: Oh, right. She's the only Speeder we've got.
Exactly. Our biggest problem right now is our lack of any Speeders beside her.
We could always ask Prez, but he's apparently been busy studying for his university entrance exams, so I'd hate to bother him.
Masaya: That lack of raw experience is killing her. We can train all we want, but if she doesn't have experience doing that stuff in actual matches, it won't mean anything.
Misaki: Mhm. She either needs to know that matchup like the palm of her hand, or have you give her instructions 0.5 seconds faster.
Masaya: Okay, Asuka and I are going to handle Mashiro's anti-Speeder training like we initially planned.
As for where Asuka is, she's currently doing ten laps around the playing field while Madoka times her.
You can do it, Asuka.
Misaki: 'Kay, then I'm gonna make sure Mashiro's a master in the Fighter matchup!
Mashiro: Please do, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: We do have a bit of a problem, though.
Masaya: Which is?
Misaki: Pretty sure I mentioned it before, but I suck at teaching people. It's <i>such</i> a chore.
Mashiro: Then just teach me what things you're good at and what things give you trouble!
Misaki: Huh?
Mashiro: I'll become the Misaki-senpai counter! That should help out against other Fighters as well.
Misaki: Sounds good!
Mashiro: And I'll also be able to help you out when you return to the club! It's like killing two birds with one stone!
Misaki: ......
Masaya: ......
Both Misaki and I stand there in awkward silence.
Uhhh...
Misaki: ...I like that.
Masaya: What?
Misaki: Hm? Well, it's just that determination, you see? Got me feeling purretty jealous. Wish I could have some of that energy you youngsters have.
Masaya: I'm not even going to comment on that.
Misaki: Aight, Mashiro! I'm going to remodel you into a lean, mean Misaki-chan counter machine!
Mashiro: Yaaay!
Masaya: Um, no "remodeling," please... whatever that means.
Misaki: Here's your first move! I call it the "Ahhh, don't touch Misaki-chan there! Oh no, my head's feeling all fuzzy, I can't think straight anymore! Please, please, no more! I can't handle any more of thiiis!"
Mashiro: Ah...!
Masaya: That better be something FC-related!
Now that we've decided on what we're going to do, I leave Mashiro with Misaki and head over to Asuka, who's still flying her laps.
Misaki: Okay, so let's get to our first order of business.
Mashiro: I'm ready!
Misaki: Haaah... Haaah... H-Have you and Masaya already kissed...?
Masaya: I can't leave you alone for a second.
Misaki: Ouch!
Mashiro: Wh-What? We haven't kissed. Not even once.
Masaya: Just ignore her next time, Mashiro.
Prospects are seeming grim.
It's been about a week since the club learned of our relationship.
It's currently night, and I'm in my room watching a video on how to do maintenance on individual Grav Shoe parts. I look away for a quick second to check my phone.
Masaya: ...Not today, I guess.
Mashiro and I set a rule that we wouldn't talk beyond 11:00 pm to avoid jacking up our phone bills, so she always calls me around the same time every single day.
But not tonight, for whatever reason.
Tomorrow is going to be our first day without practice since we started dating.
I was going to ask her out on a date over the phone tonight.
I want to make up for last time, when I asked her but she was busy. She emphasized that I really, really, <i>really</i> needed to ask her out again sometime... to the point where she bit her tongue.
Masaya: Well, there goes that idea...
Wait, I'm going about this all wrong.
Masaya: She deserves a break.
My girlfriend is a real hard worker.
She gives 110% during practice every single day, even practices on her own time in the mornings and evenings, and on top of that, helps out at her family's restaurant.
Incidentally, the reason she turned me down last time was because of that.
Also, I forgot to mention that she calls me to talk every night.
She's probably just too tired to call me tonight. That's understandable.
So, out of consideration for her, I won't call her.
It's a similar thing with her personal practice. If I told her I wanted to come watch, she'd feel pressed by that and think I'm saying she <i>has</i> to do it daily. That's why I don't go.
That sounds kinda bad, though, almost like I don't care about her enough to support her, but I promise I love her! I really, <i>really</i> do! I mean, I'm dying to talk to her on the phone right now!
I want to hear her cute voice. I want her to say "Senpai!" like she always does. I want to see her face, hold her hand... Damn, time out. Call down, Masaya.
Anyway, I do love her and I want to support her in everything she does.
And, like I told her that one night, I'll come flying over anytime if she wants me. I want to be a reliable, supportive boyfriend.
So today I'll settle...
Masaya: ...A text wouldn't be too much of a bother, right?
I can at least give her some words of encouragement.
Masaya: Yeah...
Mashiro's working her tail off, so I have to do the same. Gotta keep going, head held high.
I still have homework to worry about, so I guess I'll start by finishing up the rest of that tomorrow. After that, I'll do some FC simulations, and after that...
Masaya: I'm kinda in the mood for some cold udon. Haven't eaten it in a while. Speaking of udon, I heard there was this place with great udon. Mashiro Udon, I think it was called?
Masaya: ......
Ugh, how cringe. I honestly wanna facepalm at my own stupidity.
Mashiro: ......
Vile God (Mashiro): You can sit there on your bed as long as you want, Mashiro, but the boy isn't going to call you.
Mashiro: Why do you think that?
Vile God (Mashiro): Tell me, then. Has the boy ever once called you instead of the other way around?
Vile God (Mashiro): You can't just assume he will now because you want him to! That's plain unreasonable! Hehehe...
Mashiro: ...He will, though. I know he will.
Vile God (Mashiro): What makes you say that?
Mashiro: ...He promised he'd ask me out again. I believe in him.
Vile God (Mashiro): But he's quite the forgetful one, is he not? Have you considered the possibility he may not even have realized there's no practice tomorrow?
Mashiro: Well, no...
Vile God (Mashiro): See, this is exactly why you should have said yes the first time. But no, Mashiro, you had to invent some silly reason to turn him down.
Mashiro: I didn't invent some reason. I actually had to help out!
Vile God (Mashiro): So what, Mashiro? You could've gone out with him and still made it home in time to help.
Mashiro: ......
Vile God (Mashiro): Come on, fess up, Mashiro. Your parents didn't raise you to be a liar.
Mashiro: I-I wasn't...
Vile God (Mashiro): Weren't what? Go on.
Mashiro: My bra and panties didn't match...
Vile God (Mashiro): Haha. You have such a dirty mind, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Ah!
Mashiro: I-It's not my fault! I've never had a boyfriend before, so I don't know when and how those things happen!
Vile God (Mashiro): Is that an excuse? There's no way it would happen so early into the relationship. Has our girl read a few too many manga, perhaps?
Mashiro: W-Well, what if it <i>did?!</i> I'd be totally down if he wanted to, you know... do some High and Low Yo-Yo on me!
Vile God (Mashiro): ...First of all, apologize to the sport of FC for that awful metaphor. And after that, to your parents for telling a lie. Karma will catch up to you.
Mashiro: I'm sorry, God of FC. I'm sorry, Mom and Dad. I'm really, <i>really</i> sorry.
Vile God (Mashiro): Well, it might be too late for you now at this point.
Vile God (Mashiro): But, to answer your question... why couldn't you just give him a firm no if he tried something?
Mashiro: ......
Vile God (Mashiro): Mashiro, I'm talking to you!
Mashiro: Oh, shut up.
Vile God (Mashiro): ...Well, it's your choice to make. If you're fine with it, I won't complain.
Mashiro: I was honestly prepared to wait until the fall tournament for our first date. I feel like he's kind of slow when it comes to romance. Plus, he takes FC <i>super</i> seriously.
Mashiro: But he already got my hopes up once, so now I can't help but think way ahead!
Vile God (Mashiro): Just call the boy already.
Mashiro: But do guys really want their girlfriend calling them every day of the week?
Vile God (Mashiro): Yes, they do!
Mashiro: Well, then why hasn't he called me a single time?
Vile God (Mashiro): Maybe the boy's just concerned for you and wants you getting enough sleep at night? Mashiro... are you really not going to call him?!
Vile God (Mashiro): At the rate this is going, you'll be moping around for a whole month before anything changes.
Mashiro: I won't! God, would you just be quiet already?
Vile God (Mashiro): Or... maybe you could come to my world and play some? It's been quite some time since you last logged on. I'm sure you'll have a grand time grinding until sunrise.
Mashiro: Is that supposed to sound fun...?
Vile God (Mashiro): Have you forgotten how long you've been a part of--
Mashiro: Senpai!
Mashiro: Senpai! It's a text! From Senpai! Oh my god!
Mashiro: Senpai! It's a text! From Senpai! Oh my god!
Mashiro: He probably wants to know if he can call me! Or maybe he's going to ask me out on a date?! Let's see...
Mashiro: "Get some rest tomorrow. I'll be doing the same."
Mashiro: Wait... <i>what?!</i>
Vile God (Mashiro): That's the sound of your crushed hopes and dreams.
Mashiro: Hehe... Hehehehe...
Vile God (Mashiro): It's not too late, Mashiro. You can still boot up your system and join me in my world...
Mashiro: I have no other options at this point. I'm going over to his house tomorrow.
Mashiro: I'll surprise him and be like, "Hehehe... Look who it is!" acting all cutesy and bashful. It's the perfect plan. I'm totally doing this!
Vile God (Mashiro): Well, I won't stop you.
Mashiro: And then, I-I-I-I'll t-take his... h-hand...
Mashiro: Okay... I'll <i>hope</i> we get to hold hands...
Vile God (Mashiro): ...You're quite the chicken considering those perverse thoughts you were just having not even an hour ago.
Mashiro: It's just a small hope. I'm not chickening out!
Vile God (Mashiro): Well, whatever. But, to be honest, I feel like someone is missing...
Botan: Did you call for me, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Mom, don't barge into my room without knocking! Out! Turn around and get out!
Botan: Oh, sounds like someone's in a sour mood. Were you worrying about something related to Hinata-kun again?
Mashiro: S-S-S-S-Stop making up random stuff, Mom!
The next day has arrived. Feels like this is my first day without practice or school in a long while.
See, I had a sudden craving for udon, so I walked around town and happened to spot this nice-looking place called "Mashiro Udon" and... Yeah, I should stop with that excuse.
Masaya: ...God, I hope I don't seem like a stalker.
I'm definitely getting cold feet now that I'm here.
Oh, what's the big deal? I came to my girlfriend's family's restaurant to eat udon. That's it.
As long as I stay calm and adapt as the situation changes, I'll be good.
I want to bother Mashiro and her family as little as possible, which is why I specifically came a few hours after noon, when I know the store won't be very crowded. That's the least I can do.
From what Mashiro's told me, her parents don't know that we're dating yet, so that's one less thing I have to worry about... Well, I wouldn't have come if they did.
I just have to go inside, and then...
Mashiro: Welcome to Mashiro Udon! Wait... Senpai!
Masaya: Hi.
Mashiro: You can have a seat right here.
Mashiro: Here's some water for you! So hey, why did you come here?
Masaya: I just felt like getting some udon, you know?
Mashiro: You're so silly...
Mashiro: Here's your cold tempura udon, sir! By the way, Senpai, it's the special Mashiro version. I made it just for you.
Yeah, very likely...
She doesn't even make the udon, her dad does. So if I got a special Mashiro version, well... I don't think I'd want to eat that.
Hm, maybe she'll be the typical clumsy waitress...
Mashiro: Here you are, the Mashiro Udon Special Hellfire Udon-- Oh no no no no!
Masaya: OWWWWWWWWW!
Please no. I don't want to die.
Also, I feel like that was slightly insulting to my girlfriend in a few ways. I'm sorry, Mashiro.
Masaya: Okay, let's do this.
Following those completely pointless visions, I walk inside.
Botan: Two zaru udons and one tempura udon, here you are. Oh, you want to place another order? Of course.
Botan: Would you like another glass of water? Yes? Okay, I'll be right back with that. I'll head to the register soon, everyone, don't worry!
Botan: The Hellfire Udon is ready? Okay. I'm so sorry about that wait. What would you like to have?
Masaya: ......
This is chaos.
Wait, why is it this packed? I was sure there wouldn't be this many people past one...
Botan: Welcome to Mashiro Udon! Oh, look who it is. Why hello there, Hinata-kun.
It didn't take long for Mashiro's mom to spot me.
Botan: If you're here to see Mashiro, she isn't home right now.
...The fact that she immediately assumes I'm here to see Mashiro is throwing me for a loop. I can't talk for a brief moment.
Hm?
Masaya: Mashiro's gone? The place looks <i>really</i> packed, though.
Botan: She mentioned there wasn't any practice today, so I let her quit after noon. She left the house not long after. My guess was that she had a date, but now I'm not so sure...
She almost seems to be implying that this "date" she had in mind was with me...
Masaya: Uh, I wouldn't know.
I don't mean "we didn't plan a date today," but rather, "I have no idea what you're talking about."
Mashiro assured me her parents still don't know, so I'm going to play along...
Botan: Oh, that's strange. Where is she, then?
Are you sure they don't know, Mashiro?! Are you <i>really</i> sure?!
Botan: Well, it's still quite rare for the place to be full at this time of day. It was almost empty not even an hour or so ago, but everyone just rushed in at once.
Botan: Hehe... I'm in quite the predicament without my dear little Mashiro here to help me.
I imagine she really does have her hands full at the moment, but she seems to be handling it with ease.
I still don't know her too well, but she seems to be a very kind-hearted lady.
Botan: Coming! Sorry, I have to go to a table. Would you like to stay and have something, Hinata-kun?
Masaya: Oh, no. I'll--
The place is already super packed, and Mashiro isn't even here, so I'll probably just come back and have some udon on a different day. I'm just about to tell her that, when...
Botan: Ah...
Mashiro's mom suddenly lets out a small gasp, like she just thought of something.
Botan: Do you have any plans for the day, Hinata-kun?
Masaya: Huh?
Botan: I could <i>really</i> use some help right now.
Botan: Pretty please?
Masaya: Sure...
Well, I can basically see where this is going.
Mashiro: ...Okay.
Mashiro: I've been standing around here long enough. I need to press it now before I pass out from this heat.
Mashiro: You've got this, Mashiro. Anybody can ring a doorbell. That's easy stuff.
Mashiro: Oh, but what if he opens the door and gives me that "What are you doing here?" face...?
Mashiro: Nonsense. Come on, Mashiro. You know he would never do that.
Mashiro: Yeah, you're right! Thanks, Mashiro!
Mashiro: ...Everything's golden. I'm definitely not having a panic attack right now. I'm just getting a little dizzy from all the thinking.
Mashiro: Deep breaths. Haaah...
Mashiro: I've practiced this a million times in front of the mirror. Just gotta...
Mashiro: Hehehe! Guess who!
Mashiro: Perfect! Should be perfect... I hope.
Mashiro: Let's do this!
Mashiro: ...Okay, how about when the next minute starts.
Mashiro: 39, 40, 41, 42... Wait, time out.
Mashiro: What if I ring the doorbell and his mom answers the door?!
Mashiro: Standing outside their house for as long as I have been is probably not a good idea, so let's go somewhere else for a moment...
Mashiro: Okay! I've got a plan down pat in the event that his mom or someone else from his family comes out.
Mashiro: Sweat wiped off, applied antiperspirants, nothing wrong with my appearance. I'm good to go.
Mashiro: Please watch over me, Senpai...!
Mashiro: Time to head meowt...!
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: .........
Mashiro: ............
Mashiro: ...............
Mashiro: Sooo...
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: .........
Mashiro: This isn't what I think it is, is it?
Mashiro: Are you kidding...? I struggled so hard to come up with plans for everything, since I have no real reason for coming here, and it was all for nothing!
Rika: I don't think anyone's home.
Mashiro: Ugh!
Rika: They're all out at the moment... Wait, Arisaka-san? Is that you?
Mashiro: Hi, Ichinose-san... Oh, right! I guess you're next door neighbors.
Rika: Are you here to see Hinata-san and... Oh, I see...
Mashiro: Stop jumping to conclusions!
Rika: Hehe... Don't worry, it's not anything about you spending the night.
Mashiro: ...You still remember that?
Mashiro: For the last time, I'm not here to...
Rika: Huh? You didn't come to see Hinata-san?
Mashiro: No no, that wasn't what I-- Ah!
Rika: Ah?
Mashiro: Hey, Ichinose-san! Are you doing anything today?
Rika: Not particularly... I don't have practice today.
Mashiro: Perfect! Same as our... Ahem, I knew you wouldn't. I actually came here to see you!
Rika: Were you about to say something else?
Mashiro: No, that's just your imagination.
Rika: You know you're standing in front of Hinata-san's house, right? It even says so on the nameplate.
Mashiro: Um, sooo... Oh, yeah! I wanted him to introduce me to you, since he knows you better than me.
Mashiro: But he's not home right now, and we already found each other, so that doesn't matter anymore.
Rika: Uh, okay... So why did you come here to see me, then?
Mashiro: Just give me one second... Oh, right! We faced each other during the practice session the other day, remember? I was thinking, like, maybe we could go over it together and you could give me some tips.
Rika: Sure, that sounds great. Would you like to come to my room?
Mashiro: Sure!
Mashiro: Um... Hopefully I managed to fool her? I think I did, at least.
Rika: Here's some cold barley tea.
Mashiro: ......
Rika: I also brought some sweets I made myself. Help yourself if you'd... Arisaka-san? Is everything okay?
Rika: Is there something out there? Oh, I know Hinata-san isn't home at the moment, but peeking inside his room would be a little rude.
Mashiro: You're so lucky...
Rika: Pardon?
Mashiro: Oh, nothing, just talking to myself... So, what are we doing again?
Rika: You already forgot the reason you came here...?
Mashiro: No, I didn't mean it like that... Oh, right, right! I wanted to go over the details of our match together!
Rika: Based on statistics and overall match results, Fighter is said to be the best playstyle at the highest level of FC. Did you know that?
Mashiro: Um... I think I heard it mentioned before.
Rika: This really shows at Takafuji. We have many students who wish to become professional Skywalkers, so the number of people wanting to be Fighters dwarfs any other role, even despite our best efforts to keep numbers balanced.
Rika: We've always been relatively short on Speeders... but now it's getting to the point where I have difficulty getting practice in against anyone not a Fighter.
Mashiro: Me too...
Rika: Huh?
Mashiro: I totally get that, Ichinose-san! I'm the only Speeder in our club right now!
Rika: You switched, didn't you? I remembered you being a Fighter back during our Golden Week practice, so I was really surprised to learn you were a Speeder now.
Mashiro: It's time for Speeders to rise up and show the world what we're made of! Actually, we'll do it! You and me will show them, Ichinose-san!
Rika: Um, is that some pent-up frustration leaking?
Mashiro: No, I just tried cracking a little joke. But yeah, I really, <i>really</i> know how you feel!
Rika: I see. Hehe...
Rika: Then, if you don't mind me saying something...
Mashiro: The floor is all yours.
Rika: Let's stay devoted, pure Speeders forever, Arisaka-san!
Mashiro: I can't. Like you mentioned, I was already a Fighter once.
Rika: Arisaka-saaan?! I meant, from <i>now on,</i> okay?!
Mashiro: Haha, sorry.
Rika: You're so silly.
Rika: Hehe...
Mashiro: Hahaha. That was kind of funny.
Rika: Yeah. You can be really mischievous at times.
Mashiro: Wow, rude! Hehe...
Rika: This reminds me of what you said to me during our match.
Mashiro: What did I say? Sorry, you have to remind me.
Rika: "You know, we probably would've been really good friends if we met under different circumstances."
Mashiro: Oh, yeah. I <i>did</i> say that.
Rika: And right after that, you tried attacking while I was responding, and when I narrowly managed to dodge, you even said "almost had her."
Mashiro: No, that has to be some sort of mistake. I definitely never did anything like that.
Rika: Hehe... That's just how you are.
Mashiro: Hold up! Given what I just said, you're implying I'm a bad person!
Rika: It's fine. I like that about you.
Mashiro: ...That sweet little smile and tilt of the head was pretty convincing. I can totally see you using that to make any guy you want do your bidding.
Rika: What are you trying to say about me?!
Mashiro: Hahaha... Don't worry, I meant that as a compliment.
Rika: That's not a compliment, no matter how you spin it!
Rika: ...Well, you're a fellow member of the Speeders Alliance, so I'll make an exception this time and forgive you.
Mashiro: What? When did I ever join that weird alliance?
Rika: Hehehe... You know, it really is a shame we don't live closer. If we did, we might still be able to practice with each other even though we go to different schools.
Mashiro: Yeah, that'd be cool. I'd love to practice with you sometime. And if I came over again, that'd mean I'd get to try some of your delicious sweets... again...!
Rika: Hm? What's out there...? Did Hinata-san come back?
Mashiro: ...That works.
Rika: What works?
Mashiro: I'm coming over again! We can practice together whenever you want!
Rika: Wait, <i>seriously?</i> But I'd feel so bad making you come all the way out here all the time. We could maybe take turns and--
Mashiro: Oh no, I don't mind at all! I want a reason to come here every day. Plus, I desperately need practice against another Speeder.
Rika: Um, I'm not sure all of those made sense to me.
Mashiro: ...Oh, but I'm sure you'll have plans on certain days, so I won't come if you're busy or just don't want me to. That work?
Rika: Well, to be honest, I have no reason to say no.
Rika: Both of my parents work late into the evenings, so having you around would make things a lot more fun for me.
Rika: Oh, but don't misunderstand. It's not like I get terribly lonely being home alone.
Mashiro: ...Can I really?
Rika: Of course you can! I guess this marks the birth of the Speeder Alliance, huh?
Mashiro: And I'm back. Phew...
Mashiro: I wonder where Senpai went. He never did come back before I left.
Mashiro: No, that doesn't matter. I have tomorrow to look forward to... He'll be all like:
Mashiro: Huh? Is that my cute girlfriend Mashiro I see?! Whatever are you doing in Ichinose's room?
Mashiro: Yeah! We're going to be practicing together to help each other improve! Isn't that cool?!
Mashiro: What, really?! God, I love you so much, my sweet little angel! It's already late out, so go ahead and sleep in my room with me tonight!
Mashiro: Ahhhhhh!
Mashiro: Wait, hold up. My motivations are <i>definitely</i> not that impure. Though, if I work hard enough, that kind of reward might be waiting for me.
Mashiro: ...Okay, I'm going to give this all I've got, then cash in that reward.
Mashiro: But yeah, I can't wait to see the look on Senpai's face when he sees me at Ichinose-san's place tomorrow. Hehe...
Mashiro: He isn't going to get mad at me for not consulting him first, right? I really hope he'll give me his support...
Mashiro: But really, where was he today?
Mashiro: ...He didn't go visit some other girl, did he? Yeah, right. My boyfriend would never do that.
Mashiro: Then why do I have this weird feeling that something's wrong...? Ugh, I can't calm down.
Mashiro: I trust him, I really, <i>really</i> do, but... I guess I'll text him once I get to my room.
Mashiro: I'm home!
Masaya: Welcome to Mashiro Udon!
I hear Mashiro's voice loud and clear in the now-empty restaurant.
I don't know where she went, but she's back. About time.
Masaya: Hey, Mashiro...san.
Masaya: Hey, Mashiro..
...san.
I made the mistake of referring to her as just "Mashiro" earlier, which earned me a death glare from the kitchen, so I attached an honorific after a slight delay.
It makes no sense. I called her Mashiro the one time I came here before we started dating. Did her dad just forget...?
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: ...Mashiro? San?
Mashiro: ...What?
Masaya: Earth to Mashirooo? Saaan?
I don't know if she's just shocked or seriously in disbelief, but she's not moving. I try calling out to her and waving my eyes around to break her out of this spell.
Also, I keep forgetting this honorific every time.
Mashiro: Um, why are you...?
Dumbfounded, she mutters to herself. Seems she still hasn't grasped the situation.
Hm, what to say...?
Masaya: Thought I'd come pay you a visit.
Mashiro: Why are you the one saying that?!
Masaya: Um, I just thought I'd lighten the mood some. Wait, was that really something worth getting so upset over?
Mashiro: Yes! You stole my line! I was supposed to say that to you!
Masaya: You're really confusing me here!
Botan: Oh, is that you, Mashiro? Finally home?
Mashiro: Mom, explain this!
Masaya: Mashiro's... I mean Mashiro-san's mom!
Botan: Botan-san.
Masaya: ...Sorry, Botan-san.
For the record, she's the one who insisted I call her that... rather forcibly, at that.
It's a bit embarrassing to call a woman her age by her first name, but as an employee, I have to respect my employer's wishes.
Mashiro: What's going on here, Mom?! Tell me why he's wearing the store's apron!
Botan: Do you not remember when I mentioned that I was looking to hire someone to help during our rush hours?
Botan: Anyway, since you weren't around and the store was a little too busy for me to handle alone, I sweet-talked him into helping me.
Mashiro: Sweet-talked...?!
Mashiro: That bad feeling I had...
Botan: I took a liking to him, so I went ahead and hired him as a part-time worker. His name is Masaya Hinata. He goes to the same school as you, and even seems to be in the same club as you, Mashiro. How wonderful is that?
Masaya: My name is Masaya Hinata. I look forward to working with you from now on.
I need to act proper, since this is a job and all, so I bow my head and give a formal introduction.
Mashiro: Moooooom!
Mashiro, on the other hand, doesn't seem too pleased by this. She raises her voice in protest.
Botan: Look, dear, I didn't force him. Some things happened, I offered him the job politely, and he said yes.
Mashiro: Senpai?!
Masaya: ...Sorry I did this without asking you.
I lower my voice, mainly so it won't reach the kitchen, and apologize.
Masaya: I just wanted to see you working hard up close.
Masaya: Well, more so that I just want to be with you more in general, but that's a sappy way of putting it.
Mashiro: I feel the same way myself, Senpai... That's why I joined the Speeder Alliance... But now everything's just...
Masaya: I'll be showing up here for work, so we'll be able to spend at least a bit more of our time together, Mashiro.
I tell her my honest thoughts and feelings.
And I have confidence she'll understand that.
Masaya: So would you be willing to approve of this... pretty please?
Mashiro: Ugh! God, why did this have to happen!
Masaya: Wait, what?! What's wrong, Mashiro?! San?!
She falls to the ground, distraught, and I quickly move over and take hold of her hand.
After that, she told me the sad, sad story of a certain couple whose wish to spend more time with each other backfired spectacularly...
...Oh, actually, I just realized something.
It may've been a spur of the moment kind of thing, but I think this is the first time we've held hands as a couple.
After practice.
Masaya: Okay. Think I'm gonna head out.
I get up and grab my bag.
Asuka: Oh, Masaya-san! Would you like to go home toge-- Ah!
Asuka: I-I'm sorry, Mashiro-chan! I'm just so used to it... It wasn't on purpose, I promise!
Mashiro: You don't have to worry about that, Asuka-senpai. I don't mind.
Misaki: <i>Sure</i> you don't. Keep telling yourself that.
Mashiro: M-Misaki-senpai!
Madoka: Hey, want to go home with me today, Hinata-kun? What do you say?
Masaya: Why would I <i>ever</i> do that?
Asuka: Why would he do that?
Misaki: Yeah, literally why?
Mashiro: Why would he go home with <i>you!</i>
Madoka: Wh-Why am I being bullied by everyone at once!
Masaya: Oh, now that we're on the subject, though. Asuka, could you go home with Mashiro for me?
Asuka: What? Oh, I understand. Mashiro-chan's going to be coming over to your house later?
Misaki: Heh... Do I smell the scent of debauchery in the air?
Masaya: You're delusional. But back to what I was saying, we should go home together, Misaki.
Misaki: Huh? Wait, slow down. I'm the one you wanna spend some <i>quality</i> time with?
Masaya: No, get your mind out of the gutter. I just have to go to Mashiro's place today, and she has to go to Ichinose's.
Misaki: ...Why're you acting like I understand that? It makes no sense.
Madoka: Kiss each other and make up already, you two!
Masaya: Just stop, Madoka.
I give her a light chop on the head.
Madoka: Oww!
Masaya: Me and Mashiro aren't fighting or anything. It's a little hard to explain...
Asuka: What happened?
Mashiro: Something, um, beyond stupid happened and we're both still cursing ourselves for it...
The odd thing is, though, we actually manage to see each other more during the day now as a result.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Rika: Are you okay? Do you want to take a quick break?
Mashiro: T-Tell me, Ichinose-san...
Rika: Yeah?
Mashiro: You were going easy on me during our match, weren't you? I'm convinced of it.
Rika: No way. I'm nowhere near good enough to sandbag in a match and hide it from everyone.
Mashiro: Ugh, this makes no sense! Why?! I could've sworn I wasn't that far behind you in terms of skill...
Rika: Do you want my honest opinion?
Mashiro: Yeah, I do.
Rika: It feels to me like you aren't <i>really</i> trying.
Rika: During our match, you were a <i>lot</i> more focused and determined. It was almost like your burning desire to win was taking your body beyond its normal physical limits.
Mashiro: Well, that's because my confession was on the line...
Rika: How would I describe it? It was almost like a strong passion, or desire, or even some sort of grudge or resentment.
Mashiro: It was just the power of love...
Rika: What did you say? I didn't quite catch that.
Mashiro: ...If I manage to clutch it out over you in our next match, I want you to let me call you master.
Rika: Oh, that's a little embarrassing. I'm not <i>that</i> much better than you... Wait, you want to call me that if <i>you</i> win?
Mashiro: Master as in master of trickery and deceit.
Rika: Well, for starters, you only address someone as master if you respect them, and I feel like you're kind of slandering me with those comments...
Mashiro: What do you have to worry about? I'm so bad I look like I'm not even trying when I am. You'd have to be sleeping to lose to me, am I right?
Rika: Yeah, I guess that comment really offended you...
Mashiro: Well, you'd better be prepared, because I'll show up even stronger to our next match!
Rika: ...I admire the confidence, but personally, I'd rather we keep things more friendly.
Rika: I'll accept your challenge, but with a condition of my own. If I win, you have to start calling me Rika.
Rika: And I will call you Mashironi!
Mashiro: God, that sounds just like macaroni... <i>You're</i> clearly the one who's still upset, Ichinose-san.
Rika: Let's do this...
Mashiro: Bring it...!
Rika: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Mashiro: Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Mashiro: I hate everything!
Masaya: Uh, okay.
So basically, she lost.
Mashiro: I was so, <i>so</i> close, too! That was the closest I've ever gotten to beating her.
Masaya: Um, there are still people eating, so try to keep it down, okay?
Mashiro: Don't believe Rika's lies, Senpai. She seems like a perfectly nice girl on the surface, but let your guard down, and she'll stab you in the back. I bet she does that even outside of FC.
Masaya: ...You and her have gotten pretty close, huh?
Mashiro: Hm? I never thought about that, but I guess we have, considering we're practicing together and stuff. I have a lot of fun with her.
Masaya: Glad to hear.
Mashiro: I'm going to start calling her "Snake" tomorrow! See how she likes that!
Masaya: ......
She's certainly fired up, but I don't know if that's a good thing, seeing how she's treating poor Ichinose...
Mashiro: So yeah, I was going to ask you about this move she pulled on me today.
Masaya: Later, Mashiro. I'm still on the clock.
Mashiro: Who cares? Nobody's going to come through the door this late anyway.
Masaya: You don't know that, Mashiro... I mean, Mashiro-san.
Mashiro: It feels really weird when you call me that.
Masaya: Hey, don't say that. We don't want him to know I call you Mashiro when I'm not here.
At this point, the best option is probably just to avoid using her name.
Mashiro: Trying to save your own skin, huh? I get it. Let's just hope you can win him over one of these days.
Masaya: Quiet, Mashironi.
Mashiro: Senpaaai?
Masaya: Yes?
Mashiro: Do you want to see me get angry? You won't like me when I'm angry!
Masaya: Sorry.
I recall the old idiom between the devil and the deep blue sea.
Mashiro: What'll I do if Mom hears you calling me that...
Botan: Masaya-kun.
Mashiro: Ah!
Masaya: Yes, Botan-san?
Botan: You can go ahead and clock out for the day.
Masaya: Huh? But my shift isn't over.
Botan: Right, I have something I'd like you to do.
She claps her hands together like she just thought of the perfect idea.
Botan: Could I ask you to help Mashiro study for the rest of your shift?
Mashiro: What?!
Masaya: You want me to help her study?
Botan: Well, I suppose that isn't the right word. I want you to help her do her summer homework. It's already the middle of August, and I have a feeling she hasn't completed it yet.
Mashiro: W-Well...
A very evident no.
Botan: Can you do that for me?
Masaya: This'll be the hardest task I've had to do at Mashiro Udon...
Mashiro: You're swallowing your saliva?!
Masaya: I mean, you routinely fail midterms and finals, right?
Her lack of academic prowess was evident when I had to help her study for her make-up tests.
Botan: Pretty please?
Masaya: I'll do it.
Mashiro: Ugh, I'm sorry to have to trouble you like this...
She simply resigns herself to her fate.
Which means she probably needs a lot of help.
Botan: Okay, head on up to her room and help her there.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: Ah...!
Right then, I realize the problem that me being left alone with her in her room would create.
Well, her parents are here... so I doubt things will go in that direction.
Mashiro: ......
My girlfriend seems to have other ideas, though!
Mashiro: ......
Stop that, dammit. Don't wink at me! Your mom's going to see.
Botan: Then again, her room is beyond messy, so that's probably unwise. How about you do it down here for today, and next time she'll have her room cleaned for you?
Masaya: Fine by me.
Mashiro: Phew...
I've been saved. Well, probably more Mashiro than me.
I mean, going to her room isn't a big deal, but it just came out of nowhere, so it caught me off-guard.
Botan: Okay, you can use the big table there in the back.
Masaya: Thanks.
Mashiro: Tell me, Mom...
Botan: Yes?
Mashiro: Are you messing with me for fun?
Botan: What could you possibly be talking about, dear? I'm always on your side.
Mashiro: Right... Thanks.
Botan: Come tell me if you get hungry while studying, okay? I'll give you some delicious udon specially made with "mashironi" noodles.
Mashiro: Mom?!
Botan: Hehe.
Masaya: ......
It's not the first time I've had this thought, but yeah...
Botan-san is the last person I'd want to make an enemy out of...
Occasionally we have days like today, where I'm off work, but Mashiro and Ichinose meet up for their Speeder Alliance training.
Mashiro: S-Slow down!
Masaya: Oh.
They're still practicing? Man, it's pretty late.
I've been reviewing standard FC moves and strategies for the past while, but I put that on pause, get up off my chair, and open the window.
Mashiro: Huh? What was that weird thing you did just now? Wait, I swear I've seen it before... Um...
Rika: Shindou-senpai and Asuka-san used it at the tournament.
Mashiro: Yeah, the Airkick Turn...!
Rika: I just recently mastered it.
Mashiro: T-Teach me! How do you do it?! Is it easy?!
Rika: It's pretty difficult until you get the hang of it, but I'm sure you'll get there with enough practice, PW.
Mashiro: You're still going with that nickname...
Rika: Why, of course! Following my victory just now, I'll give you your 20th nickname. Congratulations, PW!
Mashiro: ...I don't even feel like asking, but what does PW stand for?
Rika: What? Pure white, of course. I thought that was obvious.
Mashiro: Obvious my butt... Who would even think of translating a person's name to English, then abbreviating it...
Masaya: Looks like they're having fun out there.
They're too far away for me to hear, but I can tell they're having a heated discussion.
Probably something about techniques or move strings.
I've made a point to not attend any of the Speeder Alliance's practice sessions, nor tell them what they should or should not do.
They don't want me to.
Everything I have to teach Mashiro, I do during practice.
There's a lot of benefits to having Skywalkers think for themselves, exchange opinions with other players, and learn through repeated trial and error. This should stimulate their growth.
It might be one of those things you can only do when you're young and an amateur. Watching them is heartwarming.
Rika: Hey, Hinata-san!
Masaya: Oh?
On occassion, I will join them and share my thoughts, though. But only when they request me.
Ichinose's always the one who comes to get me, so maybe Mashiro feels too embarrassed?
Rika: Are you doing anything right now?
Masaya: No, I'm good. I'll be up there in a moment. But don't forget that flying's banned around these parts, so be a little quieter.
Masaya: So, what's the problem? Split opinion on what works best after a certain move?
Mashiro: Get this.
Masaya: I'm listening.
Rika: Mashiro totally feels like a PW, doesn't she? Tell her, Hinata-san!
Mashiro: She totally sucks at coming up with nicknames, Senpai! Help me!
Masaya: What the hell were you guys even talking about before I came out here?!
Mashiro: Ah?!
Misaki's feints are tricky. She forces her opponent to think she'll do one thing by using smart, non-committal movements, then capitalizes on those expectations. Your body reacts even though you know her gameplan.
That's exactly what happened here. She did a wind-up motion, utilizing both her joints and muscles, baited Mashiro into thinking she was going to move right, and punished her for reacting.
That's what makes her feints so fearsome. You fall for them even though you know not to.
Not even a second after the feint, Misaki is already in Mashiro's blind spot.
Mashiro, having lost sight of her opponent, meanders aimlessly through the air as Misaki assumes position behind her back.
Misaki: Hehehe! Gotcha again... And there!
Misaki swiftly swipes at Mashiro's back.
Mashiro: Ahhhhhh...!
But before her hand can make contact...
Mashiro: Ahhh!
Mashiro successfully evades her attack with a maneuver I've never seen from her before.
Misaki: Huh...?
Madoka: Whoa, what a dodge! I thought she fell right for Misaki's feint.
Asuka: That was amazing, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Did I... pull it off...?
Misaki: Hey... What the hell'd you just do?
Mashiro: Oh, um...
Mashiro: Th-They call it the Airkick Turn! I'm sure you've heard of it!
Misaki: Yeah, that's the move we saw in Asuka and Shindou-san's match.
Mashiro: Oh, that's right...
Misaki: I was more asking how you managed to pull that off. I've never seen you do anything like that before.
Mashiro: Well, um, it was entirely luck...
Asuka: But your flying has really changed a lot lately! It feels a lot more efficient... or sharper?
Mashiro: Wow, really? That's <i>super</i> reassuring coming from you!
Madoka: Yeah, Misaki would never compliment you like that.
Misaki: Why you little...
Misaki: Ah...!
...Um, I'm not sure why you're glaring at me, Misaki.
Mashiro: Heheheheheh! It was only a matter of time. All babies eventually learn to walk. Same principle.
Madoka: Wow, she's already acting all smug!
Asuka: She's being really straightforward.
Misaki: Oh, I see. Maybe it's time for me to start calling you Mashiro-san to give you the respect you deserve.
Mashiro: No, at this point, I'm sick and tired of nicknames and all that... Also, Misaki-senpai, I promise I'm not full of myself. I was just kidding.
Misaki: And if you manage to perfect my eye-and-body feint, you might even level up to Mashiro-sama!
Mashiro: Thanks! I'll pass on the Mashiro-sama thing, but I'll try my best! Let's go, Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: I'll no longer think of you as my friend Mashiro...
Mashiro: What? Um... Misaki-senpai?
Misaki: I'm cranking up Misaki-chan's difficulty setting from easy to medium!
Mashiro: What kind of setting is-- Whoa?!
Misaki: Take thiiiiiis! Better get ready, Mashiro, 'cause there's more where that came from!
Mashiro: N-Nooo...! Don't touch me so forcefully, Misaki-senpai!
Asuka: It looks like they're having tons of fun out there.
Madoka: Uh, I don't know about that... Seems more like a lion trying to chase its prey to me.
Masaya: Oh, so you weren't able to pull off any more Airkick Turns after that one?
Mashiro: No... I tried getting Rika to teach me again after practice, but nothing. It was pure luck the first time. I can't imagine I'll be able to do another one for a while.
Masaya: Sounds like you think you'll get the hang of it eventually, though.
Mashiro: Yeah, I'm <i>definitely</i> going to master it someday!
Masaya: ...I like the sound of that.
Mashiro: Uh, what?
Masaya: You're so positive, and I think that's great.
Mashiro: Pfft!
Masaya: Whoa, don't spit everywhere. Are you okay?
Mashiro: D-Don't hit me with those surprise attacks, Senpai. God, you really startled me... I think I almost got a nosebleed.
Masaya: That makes no sense...
Mashiro: You know, I've had this feeling for a while now...
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: A lot of good stuff's been happening in my life lately.
Mashiro: I'm getting better at FC, everyone talks about how good I'm doing, and I even got to know Rika a little better.
Masaya: You've been working hard, Mashiro. That's why.
Knowing that she's happy puts a smile on my face.
Mashiro: And best of all, I now have an amazing boyfriend who works at my family's restaurant, helps me study, and even takes time out of his day to help me during my personal practice sessions...
Masaya: I'm not taking time out of anything. I do all that because I want to.
Mashiro: Then you also whisper "I love you, Mashiro." when we're on the phone together.
Masaya: ...Hey.
Mashiro: Let's hear it!
Masaya: I'm not saying that now, silly.
Mashiro: Hehehe... I guess I'm being a little selfish.
Masaya: Ah...!
Mashiro: Oh, you're not going to say it, are you?
Masaya: ...So you were trying to trick me into saying it with that little sad voice you used?
Mashiro: Well, you didn't say anything for a second after, so you <i>did</i> consider it, right?
Masaya: Haha. You're a clever girl.
Mashiro: Hehehe!
Masaya: You're never gonna hear that again, Mashiro. You've made too many mistakes.
Mashiro: Wooow! Come on, Senpai, pleaaase?
God, she's just so adorable.
Now I have the urge to fluster <i>her</i> a little bit.
Masaya: Oh, yeah. Speaking of I love yous.
Mashiro: Try saying that again, but whisper it and put more heart into it.
Masaya: So, I was organizing my old text messages the other day, yeah?
Mashiro: Okay.
Masaya: Remember that time you and Asuka went swimming? It was before we started going out. Anyway, you saw me and sent a text.
Mashiro: Wait... are you talking about <i>that</i> text?
Masaya: If you take the first word from each sentence, top to bottom, it reads "Think I like you." Isn't that crazy? I couldn't stop laughing when I noticed. You can check for yourself.
Mashiro: Hmph!
Masaya: Man, talk about a Freudian slip. It must've been destiny that you fell in love with me.
I tease her to my heart's content.
Mashiro: ...Y-You figured that out <i>way</i> too late.
Masaya: Guess so.
Mashiro: You really are dense...
Masaya: Wait... No way. Don't tell me that was on purpose...?
Mashiro: Ngh!
Masaya: Hold up! Why?! Did you really think I'd catch something that random?!
Mashiro: Ahhh, I'm done! This conversation is over! The expiration date's passed on that!
Masaya: Man, that's a shame.
I really messed up big time back then.
She should've known better than to give me a riddle like that, but still, I definitely can't tease her now after hearing the truth. I'd feel bad.
But what do I talk about now? I can't hit her with an "I love you" out of nowhere...
Mashiro: Huh? Wait one second.
Masaya: What's up?
Mashiro: Why were you reorganizing your text messages?
Masaya: Well, you know...
Oh crap.
Mashiro: Let me take a guess... You put all the texts from your cute little girlfriend into a new folder just for her?
Masaya: I'm hanging up. Don't look for me. I'm going on a long journey.
Mashiro: Calm down, Senpai. Look, I did the exact same thing. It's no big deal.
Masaya: It's cute when a girl does it, but when a guy does it, it just feels creepy...
I promise I'm not some creep. I just got a little too giddy and lost track of time after I started doing it.
Maybe I was tired, or maybe I was possessed by something... Either way, I'm not usually like that, I swear!
Mashiro: Well I think it's adorable, Senpai.
Masaya: Well, sure, but having someone discover it and being forced to tell them just feels, you know...
Mashiro: It's embarrassing, right?
Masaya: Just kill me now.
Mashiro: Fine, I'll give you a little bit of relief.
Mashiro: I'll do something super embarrassing that'll make me want to die too. That way, we'll be even.
Masaya: Don't do it, Mashiro. Live on without me.
Mashiro: I have to do it. Hearing what you did with my texts put me in a real good mood.
Mashiro: Just... try not to think of me as a weirdo for this.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Mashiro...? You still there?
Mashiro: Mmmph...
Masaya: Ah!
Mashiro: G-Good night, Senpai!
Masaya: ......
The screen reads call ended.
But the soft sound of Mashiro's kiss still lingers in my mind.
...Actually, that's the first time she's hung up instead of the other way around.
I turn my phone on again and find a certain text message.
Sender: Mashiro Arisaka\nSubject: Senpai\nThink again, perv.
I think that was really nice\nLike that you helped us\nYou should let me thank
...I mean, sure, this text is super stilted and unnatural.
Masaya: But who the hell would spot that hidden message?
Even though I see it now, it still seems far too hard.
It might've been more noticeable if we were already dating, but we weren't back then.
Masaya: Guess I can still appreciate that she sent it to me, though.
I voice a thank you to her in my head, then compose a text to Mashiro and write "I love you."
Masaya: ......
I quickly delete it, then go to my calendar.
We're already about halfway through August.
Next month is September. The fall tournament is on the 24th.
That's fine. Both Mashiro and Asuka have been making great progress, so I know they'll be ready.
But there's something else that saddens me...
Masaya: So long, summer break...
Masaya: ...I didn't get to do much besides practicing.
After that, I hop onto my computer and find a page listing all the summer events in the local region.
...Go figure. They're all done.
Masaya: ...I just wish I could've done <i>something</i> with her.
It kind of slipped my mind, since we've been so busy lately and all, but we haven't actually gone on a proper date yet.
Masaya: Hm...
Masaya: It's so hard because we're never free the same days.
I have work.
And Mashiro has her Speeder Alliance stuff with Ichinose. Plus, she's also helping out at their restaurant on days like today.
True to the old saying make hay while the sun shines, I made my way over here the very next day, but whether I ask her or not depends on how things play out.
If it's busy and they need help, I might do that... Actually, her dad might not like seeing us work together, so scratch that idea.
Well, whatever happens, happens. I reach out for the door...
But it's opened before my eyes and someone comes out.
Masaya: Huh?
Arika: Is that you, Hinata-senpa-- Over here!
Masaya: What?!
She suddenly grabs my hand and drags me away from the store entrance to a spot where we're out of sight.
Masaya: What is this about?
Arika: Mashiro can sense when someone she knows is at the restaurant. Like Tobisawa-senpai, she's literally never wrong.
Masaya: As if...
But not even a second later, the door opens. Mashiro pops out and looks around a bit.
Then, she shrugs to herself and heads back inside.
Masaya: ...You sure she wasn't just trying to say bye to you or something?
Arika: Nah, doubt it. She prettied herself up.
Masaya: ......
I didn't see anything different about her.
Masaya: Why do I even care if she sees me? I was going inside anyway.
Arika: Sorry, I just wanted to talk to you. On that note, sorry for the whole thing at Takafuji.
Masaya: Oh, yeah. You made me miss Mashiro's match.
She practically dragged me out here, so I at least have to throw a snide remark her way.
Arika: The guy she had a crush on really was you, huh? Who would've guessed.
...But she came back swinging.
Masaya: ...Yeah.
Arika: I knew.
Masaya: Let me guess... Mashiro told you?
Arika: Neither of us would tell each other something like that. I just pretended like I knew so you'd spill the beans.
...And I totally fell for it.
Arika: Hm...
Masaya: Could you stop staring at me like that? It's pretty rude.
Arika: So, what'd you come to Mashiro's place for?
Masaya: What are you, her manager?
Arika: Tell me, and I'll tell you anything you want to know about Mashiro. Sounds like a pretty sweet deal, if you ask me.
Masaya: I wanted to go do something with her.
I can't say no to that offer.
Arika: Okay, okay.
After scratching her head for a few seconds, she looks at me again.
Arika: Let's go do something, then, just me and you!
Masaya: What? Why would I hang out with you?
I can only stare at her blankly. She threw out that suggestion like she thought she was a genius or something.
Arika: Don't you want all the sweet Mashiro stories I have to tell you?
Masaya: Absolutely, but I'm not going anywhere with you.
Arika: Oh, it'll be fine. Just think of me as a food taster or something, okay?
Masaya: How does that make anything better?
Arika: Well, you can't hang out with Mashiro. She's still working.
Masaya: ......
Arika: Come on, what's the worst I could possibly do?
Masaya: Is that supposed to make me feel safe...?
Masaya: I can't believe I'm going on a date with <i>you</i> when I've never even gone on one with Mashiro.
Arika: Hey, Senpai! I want some ice cream!
Masaya: You're taking this way too seriously...
Arika: Well, why not enjoy ourselves if we're doing this anyway, you know?
Masaya: What are you after, Okoze?
Arika: You can call me Arika.
Masaya: Uh, okay?
Arika: I'll let anyone Mashiro likes call me that.
I spend a few seconds deliberating, then...
Masaya: Nah, I'll stick to Okoze.
Arika: Why?!
Masaya: It's not that important to me. Plus, if someone saw us together and heard me using your first name...
I suddenly feel a stare on my back. I turn around, but there's no one to be seen.
Confused, I look around some more and that's when I spy her...
Rika: ......
In a completely different spot than where I felt that gaze is someone I happen to know. What a coincidence.
This isn't good...
I really just want to facepalm right now, but I suppress that urge and offer her an acknowledging nod.
I figured Ichinose would misread the situation, as she often does, and walk away with a judgmental smile on her face, but she's briskly walking this way.
Then, once she reaches us...
Rika: Hello, Hinata-san.
She offers a polite greeting.
Arika: Who's this girl? She looks real familiar...
Rika: Who's your friend, Hinata-san? I'd love for you to introduce us.
Ichinose's words are polite, but the stare she's giving me is ice cold.
That's hardly surprising. It's not like Mashiro or I have outright told her, but I think she has a pretty good idea that we're dating...
And now she sees me out around town with another girl...
Masaya: Okoze, this is Rika Ichinose from Takafuji Academy's FC Club. She moved to Shitou this spring, and she's my next-door neighbor.
Arika: Oh, right! She's the girl that flies really gracefully!
Rika: Wait, what? You play FC too...?
Masaya: Ichinose, this girl here is Arika Okoze. We went to the same middle school, but she's now a freshman at Suisan. She's also Mashiro's childhood friend.
Arika: You threw a bunch of unnecessary information in there.
Masaya: Every single thing I said was necessary.
Proving my point, Ichinose replies...
Rika: Oh, she's Mashiro's friend... That makes sense. I was thinking something entirely different...
Masaya: As in...?
Rika: Oh, um, don't worry about it.
She flashes a nervous smile after she says that.
Rika: I believed in you, I swear.
Masaya: Never thought I'd come to see a day when I no longer trusted that pure, innocent smile.
Rika: I thought I was witnessing a catastrophe for my friend! You can't blame me!
She fesses up surprisingly quick.
Masaya: It's fine. I know you were worried for Mashiro.
Rika: Hahaha...
Arika: Are you a friend of Mashiro's?
Rika: Yeah. We've been hanging out a lot lately.
Arika: Hm...
Rika: Um...?
After seeing Okoze probe her like a police officer would, I think of something wonderful.
Masaya: Yeah, Ichinose and Mashiro have been practicing FC together in their free time a lot. They've gotten super close. I'd call them besties, even.
Rika: O-Oh, we really aren't. I'd love to be that close to her someday, but I don't think we're there yet.
Ichinose appears to feel humbled. However, I'm not worried about her reaction.
Arika: Besties, huh...?
Okoze appears to be a bit offended.
Rika: So, um, why am I joining you two again...?
Arika: Don't worry about it. The more the merrier.
Masaya: Now you know how <i>I</i> feel.
Rika: Are you sure you aren't upset at me because I thought you were cheating...?
I feel bad for dragging Ichinose into this, but this is exactly what I expected to happen.
For whatever reason, Okoze tends to get jealous of people that are particularly close to Mashiro.
Though I doubt it's romantic jealousy. After all, Okoze has that "big sister" of hers.
Rika: So, um, if you don't mind me asking, what are we doing here today?
Arika: Just checking whether or not Hinata-senpai's capable of showing Mashiro a good time.
Masaya: Yeah, I don't think that's your business.
Rika: So our first stop is a cafe where we can discuss that?
Masaya: First stop? I don't know about you guys, but I'm done after this.
Arika: Well, Hinata-senpai didn't want to go to any places he could take Mashiro, so this cafe was the best compromise we could make.
Masaya: Did you really have to explain it in such fine detail?
I feel embarrassed now.
Rika: Oh, I can really tell how much you love her.
Masaya: Are you being sarcastic?
Rika: I meant it, really!
Arika: Without further ado, let's start the Kuna Island Mashiro quiz!
Rika: ...What is that? Actually, I guess the title is a dead giveaway.
Masaya: That name sounds oddly familiar...
I'm sure they'd both vehemently deny it, but she and Mashiro have a lot in common.
Arika: Whoa, really? Can I really join your Speeder Alliance?
Rika: Sure. You're more than welcome to join us whenever you're free... Oh, but you go to Suisan, right? Aren't they a boarding school?
Arika: Yeah, but we're on summer break. Plus, even once we're back in school, I can get permission to leave on weekends if I don't have practice.
Arika: Oh, but don't tell Mashiro about this...
Rika: Of course. You can count on me. I'll tell her this was all my idea.
Arika: Thank you so much, Ichinose-san! No, Ichinose-sama! Rika-sama!
Rika: You can just call me Rika, Arika-chan.
Arika: Thank you, Rika!
Arika: Actually, I don't even need to join the Speeder Alliance now. We can just start up our own alliance. Oh, we could even call it the Rika-Rika alliance, since my name has "rika" in it.
Rika: I feel like that would make me a traitor...
Masaya: ......
The Kuna Island Mashiro quiz ended some time ago. As expected, Okoze crushed us.
And these two girls have also gotten pretty chummy in that time.
Masaya: ...Can I leave?
Arika: So, can you confirm something for me? Mashiro tells me whenever you guys practice late into the night, you always take her home.
Mashiro has been texting her childhood friend about me and bragging like crazy. This is something I already knew.
I'm not even a participant in their conversations, yet she uses this information like a weapon to keep me from leaving.
Masaya: Kgh...!
I don't know what she's after, but I'll just have to sit down and wait this out.
Rika: Oh, so you take her home? That's very nice of you.
Masaya: Yeah, what about it?
Rika: Oh, nothing. I'm just a little envious.
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: Oh, nevermind. Just ignore that little comment. On that note, I'm going to excuse myself for a moment.
Arika: Need to use the bathroom? See you later.
Ichinose gets up and leaves. Kinda feels like she was trying to hide something, but I don't know what.
Now it's just Okoze and me again.
Arika: Hinata-senpai, lean in for a second.
She brings her face closer to mine.
Masaya: What is it?
I do as she says.
Arika: Take care of Mashiro for me, please.
Her tone takes a sudden serious shift.
Arika: We don't see each other much anymore, but we've still been close since we were kids, so yeah.
Masaya: Yeah. You've known her even longer than Misaki, right?
Arika: Mhm. Back when we were kids, I got teased a whole lot because of my skin. You know, I'm really tan, so all the other kids would call me charcoal.
Arika: Mashiro was one of the few kids that always stuck up for me. Though, she just gave me a different nickname, so the teasing didn't really stop much.
Arika: Basically everyone treated us like two peas in a pod because of that nickname and Mashiro's name meaning what it does... so from then on, we were pretty much inseparable.
Masaya: Yeah, I think I've heard this story before.
Arika: Mashiro used to be a lot different back then. Before she met Tobisawa-senpai, she was basically just that girl with glasses who never talked.
Masaya: Wow, really?
Arika: Yeah, she was a pretty big introvert. Or well, she was just really socially awkward, so she stayed in her shell and avoided interacting with people as much as possible. That's also why she's really into video games.
Arika: I felt bad for her, though, because she gets super lonely, you know? She really wants to have people to talk to and stuff. Like, she'd even talk to her plushies for hours on end. She ever tell you about that?
Masaya: No, I don't think so.
Arika: Well, it's probably for the best that she got over that phase. Most people don't talk to plushies anymore at this age.
Arika: Yeah, so that's why Mashiro's mom, Auntie Botan, always showered her with attention and love. It kept her from getting all lonely and talking to her animals.
Arika: I bet you've noticed how much she dotes on her, haven't you? Though, it may just be her personality, honestly.
Masaya: I see...
Now that she mentions it, I can think of a few times I've gotten that impression.
Arika: That's the biggest reason why I hate Tobisawa-senpai... Well, I don't <i>hate</i> her, really, I just don't like how she always gives Mashiro the cold shoulder.
Arika: I know it's wrong for me to blame Tobisawa-senpai for Mashiro's problems. Plus, if Mashiro's fine with how Tobisawa-senpai treats her, it's none of my business.
Arika: But I just wish I could've been there for Mashiro. Unfortunately, we've had this sort of rivalry going on for ages, so I could never really be the kind of friend she needed.
Masaya: So, Okoze, you... Ngh?!
Masaya: So, Okoze, you....
Ngh?!
I have a number of things I want to ask her about, but before I can say anything, I feel a sharp gaze stabbing into me.
It's the same one I felt before we ran into Ichinose. I trace it to its origin and find...
Mayu: ......
That's her "big sister"... isn't it?
She's sitting at a table behind Okoze, so she isn't visible from her view.
Plus, the look she's giving me is incredibly frightening.
...Don't tell me she's been watching us the whole day?!
That's a terrifying thought.
Arika: Something wrong, Hinata-senpai?
Masaya: No, it's nothing.
Arika: Is someone over there?
Okoze turns around.
Arika: ...Nope.
With nimble movements, Okoze's big sister manages to hide herself from view.
The most impressive part is this seems to be something she's done on more than one occasion.
Arika: Hinata-senpai?
Masaya: Well, um...
She'll find out if I keep acting this suspicious in front of her.
Masaya: Just curious, Okoze. Do you love your big sister?
Arika: W-What? Wh-Wh-Wh-Where'd that question come from, you idiot?!
Masaya: Answer honestly if you can.
Arika: Well, true. I guess what I just said could be misinterpreted.
It doesn't look like she's caught on to why I'm asking her that question.
Arika: Well... O-O-O-Of course I love her. Stop trying to embarrass me.
She blushes, giving her answer in a voice so faint it's barely audible.
Mayu: ......
Her big sister suddenly appears to be on cloud nine.
Unfortunately, Ichinose comes back right when I remember what I wanted to ask Okoze, and the conversation is cut short.
Masaya: ...Hm?
I've been woken up by the sound of a knock against my window.
...Who could it be?
Still drowsy and half-asleep, I make my way over to it.
Rika: Hello, Hinata-san. It's been a while since we last talked through our windows like this, hasn't it?
Masaya: Oh, Ichinose. Hey.
Rika: Were you sleeping?
Masaya: It's fine. I fell asleep on my desk, so you did me a favor, really.
Everything starts coming back to me.
It's been a couple days since I went to the cafe with Okoze and Ichinose.
Since the end of summer break is closing in on us, I was frantically looking for somewhere I could take Mashiro on a date.
Then I finally found something... and...
Rika: I have a little FC-related question for you. Do you mind?
Masaya: No... I'd be glad to answer. I love FC.
Rika: ......
Masaya: ...What's wrong?
Rika: I was just a little shocked. See, I never took you for the kind of person who would say something like that out loud.
Masaya: ......
Must be because I'm still half-asleep. My brain isn't working at full capacity.
Thinking back, I know I found somewhere to take Mashiro. What was it again?
...Oh right, a fireworks display. I wanted to invite her to go see some fireworks.
Rika: I like you more when you're honest and upfront about things like that.
And when Mashiro starts teasing me like always, I'll use that opportunity to...
Masaya: Do you wanna go see some fireworks with me?
Rika: ...Um, come again?
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Wait, what'd I just...?!
Oh shit!
Rika: ......
My half-awake self just asked Ichinose out on a date instead of Mashiro!
The next day after practice.
Botan: Welcome to Mashiro Udon.
Masaya: Welcome to... Oh.
Madoka: Whoa! He's really here!
Asuka: Hi, Masaya-san!
Madoka arrived alongside Asuka. The latter calls out to me in a soft voice, waving her hand.
Botan: I'll leave these ladies to you, Masaya-kun.
I have more than a few mixed feelings about that tap on the shoulder from Botan-san, but I walk over to the girls anyway.
Guess they found out...
I knew it was bound to happen eventually.
But this is a paid job. Gotta draw a line between personal feelings and work.
Madoka: Hewwo, Hinata-kyun!
Masaya: Come right this way, Asuka. I'll show you to your table.
Madoka: You're forgetting someone! You're forgetting someone and she's standing right here in front of you!
Masaya: Oh, right. Sorry about that.
Masaya: 10,000 yen order coming in, Botan-san!
Madoka: Why am I getting ripped off with no explanation?!
Masaya: It was just a joke. So, tell me, what the hell brings you two to Mashiro Udon on this fine day?
Madoka: You can try to sound as polite as you want, but that was plain rude!
Asuka: Um, are you mad that we came to see you, Masaya-san?
Masaya: No, I just don't like being teased.
Madoka: Just shrug it off!
Masaya: Look...
I bet Mashiro told them.
The fact that they specifically came at a time when the store isn't busy reminds me of that time I came here hoping to see Mashiro. That was when I got hired.
Masaya: Okay, so the Purgatory Miso Udon it is for Madoka. What would you like, Asuka?
Masaya: Okay, so the <color=#FF0000>Purgatory Miso Udon</color> it is for Madoka. What would you like, Asuka?
Madoka: Huh? Is this a casual precursor to my death or something?
Masaya: I'll pay.
Madoka: Sounds great!
Madoka nods with vigor... but little does she know that smile will be her last.
Masaya: -Fin-
Madoka: I think I'll go with the Cold Citrus Udon. Don't want to die today.
Smart call. Well, I guess anyone would've seen through my ruse...
Asuka: I'll take the same thing.
Masaya: Okay. Two Cold Citrus Udons it is.
Asuka: Is Mashiro-chan not here right now?
Masaya: Mashiro?
I thought she was the one who told them...? Or actually, maybe she sold me out to protect herself?
I suddenly feel a piercing gaze from behind me and a shiver runs down my spine.
Masaya: Mashiro's not... Mashiro-san is not here at the moment, no.
Madoka: ...What the hell? Is there some kind of workplace bullying going on around here?
Masaya: Be careful what you say... Not a word about my relationship with Mashiro, okay?
I warn them in a hushed tone.
Madoka: Me sees.
Madoka gives me a firm nod.
Madoka: Your fate rests in our hands, laddie.
Masaya: So that was one Cold Citrus Udon and one Purgatory Miso Udon. Oh, you want the spiciness cranked up to ten? Sure thing. Coming right up.
Masaya: So that was one Cold Citrus Udon and one <color=#FF0000>Purgatory Miso Udon</color>. Oh, you want the spiciness cranked up to <color=#FF0000>ten</color>? Sure thing. Coming right up.
Madoka: Grr...
Masaya: ......
Madoka: ...Let us strike a bilateral hands-off deal, sir, please.
Masaya: So a Gentleman's Agreement... or Gentleman and Lady, in this case.
Asuka: That doesn't sound quite right...
Thankfully, they didn't bother me much after that, so I was able to do my work with little problem.
Madoka: Some of my friends went to this place, and they say it has a great selection.
Asuka: Wow, everything looks so cute! I'd love to go shopping there!
They're chatting away as they flip through a magazine spread out on their table. A typical sight.
They're the only customers still here, and I do enjoy seeing them act like typical girls their age, but there's just one problem...
Botan: Hm, I think I'm too old for an outfit like that.
For some reason, Botan-san is flipping through it with them, offering only the most contrite comments.
Madoka: Oh no, you'd <i>totally</i> be able to rock those, Botan-san!
Quit encouraging her.
Botan: Oh, you think so too?
Wow, she really pounced on that opportunity! Was she fishing for that comment or what?!
...Hm?
Masaya: Dunno why I didn't ask earlier, but where's Misaki? Did she not feel like coming?
Can't believe it slipped my mind.
Asuka: Yes. She said she wasn't in the mood.
Masaya: Really? Weird... Can't imagine her passing up on udon.
Botan: That sounds like a serious problem. Is her life at risk...?
Masaya: Wow. Her love for udon is <i>much</i> more serious than I thought.
Madoka: ......
Madoka: Oh, get this, guys! I have the <i>perfect</i> spooky story to tell you!
Masaya: A ghost story?
Madoka: Even more scary, actually. It's about some relationship drama involving a guy and a girl.
Masaya: Some people--
Before I can finish my sentence, a possibility flashes through my mind.
Masaya: This better not be anything about me and Mashiro, you hear?
That definitely would be more "chilling" than a ghost story...
Madoka: It's not. I promise.
Masaya: Good...
Asuka: What were you about to say before you said that, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Huh? Oh, I was just gonna say some people really go crazy over relationship drama.
Botan: Botan Arisaka, BEEP years old. Her favorite word is drama.
Madoka: Madoka Aoyagi, ideal weight 38 kilograms. Her favorite things to google are cheating, affairs, revenge, alimony... and what else. Hm...
Masaya: Have fun.
I leave them to their own devices.
Madoka: So this is a story I heard from a friend of mine. Once upon a time, there was this perfectly average couple.
I'm off wiping tables, but Madoka's voice can be heard all throughout the store.
I have no idea why she's reciting it like a fairy tale, but whatever.
Madoka: Things were going great between him and his girlfriend, or at least they appeared to be. But one day, he made a move on a different girl. It is unclear whether his actions were spurred by impulse or a serious case of disloyalty.
Hm... I don't know the whole story, but from what I've heard, the guy sounds like a real dirtbag.
Madoka: He took his words back almost immediately. Who knows? Maybe it was all a misunderstanding, or he simply realized his wrongdoing and felt guilty.
At least he has a sense of decency.
Madoka: But apparently the other girl he asked out happened to be a super sweet, innocent girl.
Madoka: She was actually fairly fond of the guy herself and didn't even know he had a girlfriend, so when he tried to withdraw the invitation, she started crying.
Hang in there, buddy. It was all your fault, but you can still fix things.
Madoka: So, since the girl clearly wanted to go, and he felt guilty about taking back the invitation, he went to see the fireworks with her despite feeling really bad about what he'd accidentally done to his real girlfriend.
Masaya: Ah...!
My head slams right into table I've been wiping.
Asuka: What was that?!
Madoka: Don't kill yourself, Hinata-kun.
Botan: Did you slip and fall?
Masaya: I'm fine... Don't worry about me.
I raise my hand to signal that everything's okay.
I mean, can you honestly blame me for having a panic attack after hearing the word "fireworks"?
I'm reminded of the disaster with Ichinose...
Now that I think about it, Madoka's story shares a lot of similarities with it.
But Ichinose, unlike the girl in the story, didn't cry. She gave me a stern lecture on why what I did was wrong, and told me never to do it again.
She also told me I have to do one thing she says as an apology. That's happening after work today, and I'm not looking forward to it at all.
...Don't tell me Madoka knows all about this?
I stare Madoka down to see how she reacts.
Madoka: Hey, stop that... Stop leering at my body like that, you naughty boy.
What the hell does she think I'm doing? My attempt at communication has clearly failed.
Asuka: So, what happens next?
Madoka: Right, so back to where I left off. All throughout the fireworks display, the girl was gazing into the guy's eyes as he stood next to her.
Asuka: Wow, that's so cute!
Botan: She's so cunning!
Asuka: What?
Botan: Huh?
They look at each other, clearly confused.
I'm not commenting on this.
Madoka: So, the guy eventually noticed, and he was really taken aback by how adorable she was.
It does seem like a pretty sweet scene.
Madoka: Because of that, the guy also started taking notice of the girl.
Madoka: In the end, a fight broke out between the other girl and the girlfriend. The girlfriend ultimately gave up, and said the other girl was better for him.
I can picture that... and that doesn't make me feel very good.
Madoka: Any <i>real</i> man would've stuck up for his girlfriend, right?
Masaya: ......
Asuka: What was the spooky part?
Madoka: Well, it seems like things are going well between the guy and the other girl right now.
Botan: That's just how it is sometimes.
Madoka: So, the moral of the story is, you have to gaze into your crush's eyes if you want them to notice you!
Asuka: I honestly wouldn't want to use unfair tactics like that...
Botan: But it works like a charm.
Madoka, Asuka, and Botan-san keep chatting away. There might actually be some truth to the old saying "Whenever three women gather, it gets noisy."
But man... that part about the fight breaking out between the other girl and the girlfriend has me a little worried.
The Speeder Alliance should be practicing together at this very moment.
...I hope everything's fine.
Pig (Mashiro): This is rid-oinkulous, I say! We pigs are the rightful owners of the meat kingdom!
Chicken (Mashiro): Cackawsterous! You are not! We chickens are the favored meat of the humans! You pigs can't even compete!
Pig (Mashiro): Oinking around all high and mighty, are we, chicken? You will realize your foolishness once you try a bite of tonkatsu!
Chicken (Mashiro): You shall regret saying that when you don't see any fried chicken in your lunchbox and cackaw in shock! Besides, you're already 20% less than when this battle started! Cackaw! You're finished!
Pig (Mashiro): How dare you say that, you little oinker! I'll shove this hoof of mine right up your chickeny buttocks!
Cow (Mashiro): Moo, moo! Stop fighting, guys!
Chicken (Mashiro): C-Cackaw! Is that you, cow?
Cow (Mashiro): This fighting is a mis-steak. It will not solve anything. We three ani-mool species already rule the meat kingdom. If you keep acting like silly calves, you're going to have to moo-ve aside because the sheep and horses will take your place.
Pig (Mashiro): C-Cow...
Chicken (Mashiro): Y-You have a cackawfully good point.
Cow (Mashiro): Watching you two sore losers moo-ing and whining over who is number two is a sad sight.
Pig (Mashiro): ...What the oink did you just say?
Chicken (Mashiro): Say it to my beak, you cow-ard!
Cow (Mashiro): I'm a cow. I'm big beef. How can you little moo-nchkins even stand up to me when you can't even decide who is the best among you?
Pig (Mashiro): I'm gonna beat you until you're oinking for Mommy!
Chicken (Mashiro): Cackaw-m and fight me, you cow-ard!
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: I didn't expect that to happen. What now?
Rika: ...What are you doing?
Mashiro: Huuuh!
Rika: Um, do you do this every day while I'm downstairs getting the tea and snacks ready?
Mashiro: Oh, Rika! This magazine of yours looks cool. Can I borrow it?
Pig (Rika): You won't pull my hoof with that.
Mashiro: Kgh...!
Chicken (Rika): I want a detailed explanation! Cackaw-ph it up!
Cow (Rika): Quit moo-ing around the subject. Give us the full story.
Mashiro: B-Boy, it sure is hot today. Can I close the window and crank up the AC?
Rika: No, you can't!
Mashiro: Oh, sorry for asking.
Rika: Well, see, putting the AC up too high is bad for your health. And if it gets too bad, you might go back to talking to...
Mashiro: Why do you keep bullying me?! To begin with, these are all <i>your</i> plushies!
Rika: Okay, I'll stop talking about it. Anyway, here's our tea and snacks for today.
Mashiro: ......
Rika: Yeah?
Mashiro: It's nothing. It just kind of hit me how good you are at cooking and baking. You're the kind of girl guys dream of. I'm really jealous.
Rika: I'm nothing compared to you.
Mashiro: That has to be sarcasm, or just empty flattery at least. There's no way you're being serious...
Mashiro: Okay, I guess we'd better get started with today's meeting.
Mashiro: Oh, hold on. I have a piece of paper with all the moves I wanted to ask you about.
Mashiro: Um, so I noticed this move you've been doing lately where you fly upward and...
Rika: Mashiro.
Mashiro: Hm? Oh, this tea really hits the spot.
Rika: Thanks... So, I have a question. How long have you and Hinata-san been dating?
Mashiro: PFFFT!
Mashiro: Ack... Ugh... Ack...!
Rika: Here, use these tissues and the towel to wipe everything up.
Mashiro: Th-Thanks... Ack... Ugh...
Mashiro: Y-You can't just ask me something like that out of the blue...
Rika: But I'm curious.
Rika: So, how long has it been?
Mashiro: How long have I...? Hold up, hooold up! You've got this all wrong!
Rika: You're not dating?
Mashiro: Well, I mean... we <i>are,</i> yeah.
Rika: He's really handsome, don't you think?
Mashiro: Well, everyone has different opinions on looks. Like, someone who has a crush on him would probably say that, but me...
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: ...Wait, what?
Rika: You know what? Hinata-san actually invited me to go to a fireworks display with him last night.
Mashiro: What...?
Rika: ......
Mashiro: Senpai invited you...?
Mashiro: ...You, not me?
Rika: Ah...
Rika: Hahah... just kidding.
Mashiro: I'm sorry!
Rika: Huh?
Mashiro: I thought you already knew about me and Senpai, so I never brought it up or anything.
Mashiro: I'm sorry! I'm really, <i>really</i> sorry!
Rika: Wait, wait, hold up! I did know. I really did, for the most part.
Mashiro: See, I have someone I like.
Rika: Wow, she's really just tuning me out!
Mashiro: My initial reason for joining the Speeders Alliance was really just so I could get more chances to see him. I lied to you about everything.
Mashiro: Oh, but that doesn't mean I regret becoming friends, Rika. I really do like you, I promise.
Rika: Stop monologuing and come back to reality! I am happy to hear that you like me, though.
Mashiro: But no matter how much I like you as a friend, I can't just let you...
Rika: Mashiro...
Mashiro: I can't let you have Senpai, no matter what!
Rika: ......
Mashiro: I'm sorry!
Mashiro: I know I'm not as pretty as you, and I suck at FC, and he's never invited me to go see fireworks with him...
Mashiro: But I made the decision to be Senpai's girlfriend! That's the one thing I won't give up on! I worked as hard as I could to make him mine!
Mashiro: So I'm sorry.
Rika: I know! I want you to be with him!
Mashiro: ...Huh?
Rika: About time? You wouldn't listen to a word I was saying. Were you really that stressed out? Well, I guess it <i>was</i> all my fault.
Rika: I feel so guilty right now...
Mashiro: Huh? What?
Rika: I have to say, you really shocked me there. I was afraid you were going to start crying. That's a good thing, though. I wish I could feel as strongly about someone as you do for him.
Mashiro: ...Um, can you explain?
Rika: Hinata-kun did invite me to a fireworks display, but only because he was tired and thought he was talking to you. Still, I think he should've been more careful. That was incredibly rude.
Rika: So, you see, I wanted to give him a little punishment.
Mashiro: You can giggle all cutesy like that, but what you just said was kind of creepy...
Rika: H-Hey, it wasn't me who came up with the idea! I mean, I thought what he did was wrong, but Mado--!
Mashiro: I feel like I heard a name there right before you covered your mouth.
Rika: Well, anyway! Hinata-san?
Ichinose shouts out her window, and since mine is open as well, I can hear her clearly.
Mashiro: Senpai?!
Masaya: Yeah?
Rika: What are you waiting for? Are you not going to come over here and give your girlfriend a hug?
Masaya: Sorry, I just couldn't find the right time.
Frankly, I almost jumped over there on multiple occasions.
Rika: The original plan was actually for Mashiro to get really upset and be like, "He's so awful!" Then, you'd have to come over and apologize a bunch to get her to forgive you.
How is that anything but torture?
Mashiro: That's the kind of person you think I am...?
Masaya: Who were you saying came up with this? Mado-something...?
Rika: Your girlfriend really loves you, Hinata-san! Aren't you glad?
Masaya: Don't ignore my question.
That said, I think I understand everything now.
The master manipulator who set this all up is probably a certain someone who came over to Mashiro Udon earlier to fan the flames, so to speak.
...I was genuinely scared because of her little "story."
Well, I guess she had a feeling it would all work out in the end. Not sure whether I should attribute that to blind optimism or her having actual trust in us.
Actually, how'd she even find out about this? It only happened one night ago. I guess information spreads like wildfire among girls...
Rika: Hinata-san. Don't hurt Mashiro's feelings anymore, even if it's by accident. The people who care about her don't want to see her treated that way.
Masaya: I'll take that to heart.
Rika: Also, you need to cherish her more than you already do.
Masaya: Of course. I swear I will.
Mashiro: Ah...
Rika: Good.
Ichinose seems pleased. I also get the feeling that Mashiro is blushing over there by the faint noises she's making.
Rika: Okay, I'll leave you two alone now. And, Hinata-san, I know you might not like it, but she's going to be giving you a piece of her mind.
Masaya: I guess my punishment doesn't end here.
Mashiro: Huh? Wait, Rika, where are you...?
I hear the door opening, which must mean she's actually leaving.
She ordered me to stay in my room as the "one thing she says that I have to do," but this isn't quite what I expected when she said that.
I'm gonna have to start explaining to Mashiro, so where do I even begin?
Mashiro: Senpai...?
Masaya: Hm?
I gotta say something...
Mashiro: Was Rika right?
Masaya: What'd she say?
Mashiro: The thing about you... coming over here and giving me a hug.
Masaya: Step away from the window for a sec!
I climb up on my window and fly through the air without the assistance of my Grav Shoes.
Masaya: ...Kgh!
The force of the impact is so strong that I immediately lose my balance, but I get up quickly.
Now, where's Mashiro...?
Mashiro: Senpai!
Masaya: Mashiro!
Mashiro: Senpai!
Masaya: Mashiro!
We fly into each other's arms, driven by some invisible force.
Mashiro: Senpai...! Senpaaai...!
She rubs her body against me affectionately, like a stray kitten.
Mashiro: God, you have no idea how scared I was!
Masaya: I'm sorry, Mashiro. I love you.
I gently embrace my sweet Mashiro to tell her everything's fine.
Her small, slender frame feels incredibly soft and feeble. I almost don't want to squeeze too hard out of a fear that I'll break her.
I have so much I need to say to her. I haven't even given her a proper explanation as to how and why this all happened.
But first...
Mashiro: ...Senpai?
I put my hands on her shoulders and put some distance between us.
I want to see her face, her beautiful eyes...
And then...
Masaya: Ah...!
Mashiro: Ah...
First, I nuzzle my forehead against hers.
Then, I close my eyes and gently kiss her forehead.
Her forehead feels a bit hot.
After that, I slowly peel my lips away.
I feel her soft bangs gently brush my nose as I pull away.
And as I do, I look at Mashiro with a loving and proud expression on my face. Unfortunately, she looks less than pleased.
Mashiro: You took the easy way out.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: I don't mind getting kissed on the forehead, but right now I want a kiss somewhere else.
Masaya: ...I'll admit I was nervous, but that's not the reason I kissed you on the forehead.
Mashiro: Did you not feel how strong my love for you is?
Masaya: I did. I can tell you love me a whole lot, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Then don't chicken out now.
Masaya: It's not like I'm...
Mashiro: I'll always stay loyal to you, Senpai. I'll never leave you for as long as I live.
Masaya: Ah...
I finally feel like I understand what she's trying to say.
It all comes back to the perfectly blue sky we once talked about.
She's referring to the sadness and defeat I experienced as a kid when my wings crumbled and I fell from the sky I so loved.
That's what she means by staying loyal to me. She'll never betray me or my love for her.
I realize it now...
This is true love.
It's what caused that emotional outburst with Ichinose earlier.
Masaya: ...Don't worry. I'm not having any of those thoughts.
Mashiro: So what, am I just not attractive enough for you? We have a real big problem on our hands if that's the case.
Masaya: No, I just want to cherish you, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Then cherish me.
Mashiro: I want you to love me and treat me right.
Masaya: I will.
Masaya: I love you, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Mmmph?!
I opted for a bit of a surprise attack, which is probably why she lets out a not very romantic yelp through her sealed lips.
But I ignore that and close my eyes. Hm, this <i>is</i> how you kiss a girl, right?
Mashiro: Mmmmph... Mmm...
She's blowing air out through her nose, clearly not sure how to kiss for the first time.
She might get upset at me for this, since I essentially broke the promise I made to cherish her by stealing her lips so suddenly.
I'm a bit afraid, but I deserve it.
If she's upset, I'll let her give it to me.
And after that, I'll thank her one more time.
Mashiro: Mmmph...
Our lips part, and after that, we simply gaze longingly into each other's eyes.
I feel a mix of nervousness, embarrassment, and excitement.
Masaya: Oh, right.
I finally remember something important.
Masaya: Don't be mad at Ichinose for this. It all my fault, and I take all the blame for it. I really screwed up.
Mashiro: Oh, I don't blame her.
Mashiro: I mean, she gave me the opportunity to share my first kiss with you. I'm grateful, if anything.
Mashiro: Hehehe...
After seeing that adorable laugh...
Masaya: I see.
I've re-evaluated what cherishing my girlfriend means.
Asuka: It looks like everything went well. That's good.
Rika: Yeah, um, I feel we may have gone a bit too far.
Madoka: Really? But that was already the light version of the plan...
Rika: Th-That was light...?
Madoka: Didn't go quite as planned, unfortunately. But hey, it's nothing to worry about. Their relationship won't break that easily.
Asuka: You did a great job, Rika-chan. I <i>could</i> tell you were a little uncomfortable, though.
Rika: I just want to be a good friend... That's why I wanted him to realize why what he did was wrong, and why he needs to treat my friend better.
Rika: But in retrospect, maybe I should've stayed out of it. I mean, it was only momentary, but I did end up hurting Mashiro. I'll have to apologize to her later.
Madoka: Nah, Hinata-kun was the only one who did anything wrong. You did what you did for Mashirocchi's sake, so you deserve some praise!
Asuka: I agree. I don't know if she'll necessarily praise you, but I'm sure she isn't mad at you.
Madoka: And I think <i>I</i> deserve a little praise too, for the same reason!
Asuka: Um, I don't know if I agree...
Madoka: Oh, <i>come on,</i> Asuka-chan. Look me in the eye when you're talking to me.
Rika: Do you really think everything's going to be fine?
Asuka: Of course. You did it all with pure intentions. And both of them are really kind, so as long as they understand, they'd never get upset with you.
Madoka: Pin all the blame on me! Fact is, I came up with everything and even made you carry out my dastardly plan for me! Pretty criminal, huh?
Rika: I'm not sure criminal is a word you want to describe yourself with...
Madoka: Hm, I feel I might be in some legit danger here. Let me go take a tiny peek at how those two are doing...
Rika/Asuka: Oh no you don't!
Asuka: Oh no you don't!
Rika: Oh no you don't!
Madoka: You guys are scaring me...
Madoka: Well, with that out of the way, there's only one thing left to do.
Asuka: What are those, Madoka-chan?
Madoka: I made confetti! As they cuddle, they'll look at the window and gaze in awe at this miraculous gift raining down from the night sky!
Rika: I don't think that's how confetti is supposed to be used.
Madoka: Who cares. Come on, take some, girls. We're doing this. Throw them up real high on three, got it?
Madoka: One, two, three... Merry Christmas!
Asuka: Wow!
Rika: I feel like we just ruined everything.
Madoka: Hehehe... Say what you will. But eventually, when our babies are all grown up, this memory will spread its beautiful wings like the ugly duckling...
Masaya: Whoa, the hell is that...? Confetti?!
Mashiro: Senpai! Someone has to be watching us from outside!
Madoka: Okay, girls. Let's scram!
Rika/Asuka: Seriously?!
Asuka: Seriously?!
Rika: Seriously?!
On the topic of the fireworks...
Botan: This restaurant actually provides a very nice view of the fireworks, so we're always understaffed around that time.
Masaya: ...What?
Mashiro: Oh, that's right! I was so caught up in everything that I totally forgot!
Botan: Don't worry, you two can go and see the fireworks. W-We'll manage here somehow.
Masaya: I'll stay and help.
And so, we had to postpone our first official date yet again.
Well, at least waiting tables for the flood of customers that came in that day made for a good workout.
The final day of our summer break is now upon us.
It started like any other day with practice.
But, unlike any other day, I didn't go to work, and Mashiro didn't go to Ichinose's place. We're both in my room right now.
Today being the final day of summer break means we have to finish up the remainder of Mashiro's homework.
Masaya: Stop looking around everywhere.
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry.
Masaya: I'm not hiding anything interesting in here. Now come on, your mom asked me to help you get your homework done, so we have to do this.
Mashiro: R-Right...!
Mashiro gives a stiff, but obedient response, then starts walking like a robot, putting both her right hand and leg forward at the same time... and sits down on my bed.
Masaya: Hey, what are you doing?
Mashiro: Huh...? What? Oh, sorry!
She gets right off the bed.
Masaya: Didn't get enough sleep last night? Do you wanna hop in bed for a bit?
Mashiro: Ah!
Masaya: No, I didn't mean it like <i>that,</i> okay?!
Not that I even know how she interpreted my words...
Mashiro: ...So you want to take a nap together?
Masaya: No, not that either. <i>You</i> can take a nap.
Mashiro: O-Of course... Hahahaha...
Mashiro gets away from my bed, clearly embarrassed.
Masaya: ...Maybe when we're done with your homework.
Mashiro: Ah!
Mashiro has good ears, so she easily picks up on my whisper and flinches.
Seeing confirmation that she understood what I meant gets my own heart racing.
Mashiro: L-Let's hurry and get this homework over with, then.
Masaya: Y-Yeah.
We both smile awkwardly at each other.
The reason for our embarrassment doesn't even need to be said.
Mashiro and I are almost certainly going to take our relationship to the next level before the day ends.
How do I know that? Today is the last day of our summer break, so there's a lot of sentimental value to it.
Or maybe it's the fact that we usually study in Mashiro's room, but today we're in mine. By her request...
Mashiro: I-If you don't mind, um, I'd like to do my homework in your room today...!
That look in her eyes told me everything. And even then, her breaths seemed slightly erotic, and the atmosphere was pretty rosy too.
As time passed and we watched each other's reactions, we both found ourselves more and more eager to do it today.
And that sums up why I'm so ridiculously nervous right now.
Masaya: O-Okay, let's sit down...
Mashiro: Yeah...
Before taking a seat, she closes the curtains for no particular reason.
Masaya: Why are you closing the curtains, Mashiro?
But she doesn't pull them open again. After a brief pause, I slowly slide toward the door for some reason and lock it behind my back.
Mashiro: Wh-Why'd you just lock the door?
Likewise, I don't unlock the door after she questions my actions.
Masaya: Oh, uh, that's a good question...
Mashiro: Y-You don't <i>have</i> to answer... I didn't really want you to...
Our conversation grinds to an unnatural halt.
Masaya: L-Let's sit down.
Mashiro: Yeah.
She plops down right next to me.
Mashiro: ......
Every single action of hers screams that she wants to get down and dirty.
I want to take her in my arms so bad.
But the homework needs to be finished first.
Masaya: Kgh...!
I summon all the self-restraint I have in me to suppress my raging desire. The veins on my temples are even visible.
I've been helping her long enough to know how fast she goes. We're looking at about another hour before it's all done.
I have to hold out at least that long.
Masaya: Let's get it going.
Mashiro: Huh...?! Oh, y-yeah! Um, I have no experience whatsoever, but I'll try my best to--!
Masaya: Huh? Sorry, I meant your homework.
Mashiro: Right, of course! Haha, silly me!
Masaya: ...But we can, um, do what you're thinking of after we're finished.
Mashiro: Got it! I-I'll get my homework done ASAP!
Masaya: Y-Yeah, that's the spirit!
...I don't even want to know how red my face is right now.
After that, I watch over Mashiro with bated breath as she hurries to finish her homework.
All my own homework is done and I'm much too distracted to do anything else.
Whenever she finishes a problem, we hold hands and sometimes entwine our fingers. Then, she moves on to the next.
And finally...
Mashiro: A-All done...!
The moment she finishes that final problem, she throws her pen to the side and leaps into my arms.
Mashiro: Senpai! Senpai! Senpai!
Masaya: Yeah, you did it, Mashiro. Good job.
The way she's rubbing her head against my chest affectionately is too hard to handle.
Mashiro: Senpai, I want a reward...
She looks up at me with her face still buried in my chest.
Masaya: Okay... But this is a reward for both of us. You're not the only one who wants to do this.
Mashiro: I'm so happy, Senpai...
My heart is racing like never before.
It's so bad that I think I might keel over at any moment.
I swallow the saliva that's built up in my mouth as my mind goes blank.
I can no longer tell if I have any self-control or composure left in me.
As she brings her face close to mine, I softly place my hand on her cheek.
The air from the AC starts blowing the pages of Mashiro's book one after another.
Must've been blocking its path before I moved.
I listen to the dull sound of paper flapping, then look over and see... blank pages.
My thoughts grind to a halt, but for a different reason altogether.
Mashiro: Senpai...
Masaya: Mashiro.
I put my hands on her slender shoulders.
Mashiro: Promise me you'll be real gentle...
Masaya: Mashiro... I need to tell you something.
I lightly jostle her shoulders.
Mashiro: Is it important...?
I see that some reason has returned to her intoxicated eyes, which means me shaking her shoulders worked like a charm.
Masaya: I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but...
I hold up her book.
She managed to skip two whole pages of problems. Maybe they were stuck together or something?
Mashiro: Ah...!
Naturally, she's rendered speechless.
Mashiro: Nghhhhhh!
Masaya: Groaning and making a pouty face isn't going to change anything!
Mashiro: Hic... Hic...
Masaya: Come on, don't cry. It's not your fault. You couldn't have known the pages were stuck together.
Honestly, I feel like crying too.
Mashiro: But...
Mashiro: It's the last day of summer break! Our chance to do something special to cap off our first summer as a couple!
Masaya: I know, Mashiro.
Mashiro: You could've at least waited until I was about to go home before saying something!
I really wish that was an option.
But I can't betray the trust placed in me by her parents. That wouldn't be a good idea, considering our future together and all.
Masaya: How many problems do you have left?
Mashiro: Just one... and now I'm done.
Masaya: Good job. I'm proud of you, Mashiro.
Mashiro: But the mood's totally dead.
Masaya: Yeah... Wanna pick up where we left off?
Mashiro: Everything feels so forced that I can't possibly get into it!
Masaya: Right. Gotta do something about that...
I turn toward Mashiro and embrace her.
Mashiro: S-Senpai...?!
Masaya: How about this? We'll start over from square one.
Mashiro: Wh-What? Um, uh...
Mashiro: Senpai, do you... want to have sex?
Being asked that directly is <i>totally</i> embarrassing.
Masaya: ...Yeah, I'm a little turned on.
Mashiro: I <i>was</i> turned on, but it's gone now...
Masaya: I see...
Mashiro: Wait!
I'm about to let go of her, but she stops me.
Mashiro: Don't let go of me, Senpai.
Masaya: I know this sounds cheesy, but I don't want to have sex if you're not in the mood...
Mashiro: Well, it's the girlfriend's job to respond to her boyfriend's needs. It makes me really glad that I can turn you on.
Mashiro: Plus, you never really say stuff like that to me.
Masaya: I feel like I do a decent bit.
Mashiro: Only if I make you... You're always being too considerate of me.
Masaya: No, I'm just a chicken...
Mashiro: Mmmph...
She sneaks in a quick kiss.
Mashiro: My boyfriend's no chicken.
I've made up my mind now. I'm going to do this.
Masaya: Sorry.
Mashiro: Ah!
I pick Mashiro up in my arms.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Then, I lay her down on my bed.
How do I even begin to describe this sight? It's surreal.
Whenever she wriggles her body slightly, the bed creaks, making my nerves heighten to frightening levels.
She takes a deep breath.
Mashiro: My heart is racing a mile a minute. Every time I breathe, I feel like I'm inhaling your smell, and it's making me feel really embarrassed.
Mashiro: My heart's beating so fast that my mind's numb. I feel all dizzy, like I'm on anesthetics.
Masaya: I can smell you too right now, Mashiro.
Mashiro: What do I smell like?
Masaya: It's a sweet, feminine smell that feels intoxicating. But on the other hand, it lets me know how close you are to me right now.
I'm not even touching her, but I can feel her.
I can feel the heat radiating off my girlfriend, Mashiro Arisaka's, body.
And that's a sign that she wants to do this as bad as I do.
The love I feel for her right now in this moment is overwhelming.
I can tell from the way she's gazing up at me that she's super nervous. And for good reason. I'm just as nervous myself.
...Shortly after I think about what kind of face I'm making, I relax the muscles in my face.
Masaya: Let's kiss.
Mashiro: ......
She gives a small, embarrassed nod.
I move in toward her lovely face, taking care not to accidentally step on her long hair.
But before I give her a kiss, I softly nuzzle my forehead against hers.
Masaya: You're a little tense. Try relaxing some.
Mashiro: I-I don't know.
Masaya: ...Don't know what?
Mashiro: Um, what I'm supposed to do.
Masaya: Not sure I follow.
Mashiro: Well, I know you're going to kiss me a lot right now. You are, right?
Masaya: Yeah.
Mashiro: But what comes after that?
Masaya: What are you getting at?
Mashiro: I mean, I have a general idea of what you're supposed to do. Well, only a very general, vague idea. Nothing specific...
Mashiro: I, um, do know how sex works, though. At least, for the most part. I don't have any real experience, so I can't be too certain.
Masaya: Hm...
Mashiro: But the problem is, I can't think of what we're supposed to do before we actually get to that point. Nothing comes to mind at all.
Masaya: ...Now that you mention it, I've never thought about that either.
Mashiro: Not knowing is scary. I don't know what to do.
Mashiro: What if I can't satisfy you? Or what if I let out some weird noise and that immediately kills your interest? I'm really scared right now.
Mashiro: I probably don't need to tell you, but my body's nothing to boast about...
She informs me of that almost apologetically.
Mashiro: B-But I'm ready for anything. Anything you want to do, just say it. I trust you.
Mashiro: I-I probably won't do a good job, but I'll try! I'll try <i>really</i> hard! So please don't hate me if I end up sucking...
Masaya: That's enough.
I give her a light chop on the forehead.
Mashiro: Ouch...
Masaya: Man, once you got started, you just wouldn't stop.
Mashiro: Ugh...
Admittedly, I didn't interrupt her because I thought it was cute, but that's beside the point.
Masaya: Mashiro. Can you lift up your body a little? Okay, good. First, let me take your arms out and...
Mashiro: Huh...? Ah...
I take her brown cardigan off and put it to the side.
Masaya: I like just the white uniform top. It's a good look on you.
Mashiro: It'll get all wrinkled...
There's nothing more adorable than that worried look on her face. It's like she's trying to hide her embarrassment by mentioning her cardigan getting wrinkled.
But who am I to say? Maybe she's actually legitimately worried.
Anyway...
Masaya: It'll be fine, Mashiro. It's the boyfriend's job to calm his girlfriend down when she freaks out.
I borrow a phrase she used earlier.
Mashiro: ...You didn't have to say it like I was going insane.
Masaya: I'll take care of everything, so just lay there and relax.
I hope she gets what I'm trying to do.
Masaya: And don't worry about keeping your voice down. I wanna hear you moan.
Mashiro: ...You won't hear any moans out of me!
Masaya: We'll see about that!
We're currently en-route to Mashiro Udon.
I'm taking Mashiro home by paired flight.
Mashiro: Mmm, Senpai...!
Masaya: H-Hey, not too close!
Mashiro: My lower half hurts too much for me to fly, so you'll just have to deal with it!
When Mashiro got out of bed and tried walking, her waist started hurting and she told me she might have trouble walking. That's why she's flying with me.
Masaya: You say that like you're glad.
Mashiro: I've caught on to your ways, Senpai. Whenever you act all moody, that just means you're embarrassed.
Masaya: Quiet.
I wrap my arm around her and pull her into a tight embrace.
Mashiro: Hehehe. I'll make sure I can fly by tomorrow morning for practice. Wouldn't be good if our coach ended up making one of his players skip practice, right?
Masaya: You've got that right. But if you can't, that's fine. Don't rush it.
The starry sky looks so much more beautiful than usual on this night.
I'll probably never forget this sight.
That's how the last day of our summer break concluded.
The 24th of September, the date of the fall tournament is quickly approaching. Morale is on the rise, and everything seems to be going well.
Until, all of a sudden... Misaki stops showing up to practice.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai.
Misaki: ...Oh.
Mashiro: Can we talk?
Misaki: If it doesn't take too long, yeah.
Mashiro: Why aren't you coming to practice anymore?
Misaki: Why should I? I'm not even a member. I was only coming out of the goodness of my heart. Or, well, mostly just 'cause I was bored.
Mashiro: I want you to come back.
Misaki: Hm, sorry. Not happening.
Mashiro: What, did you quit because you weren't having fun anymore? I'll train as much as I can, so maybe then I'll be a worthy opponent.
Misaki: Sorry. I'm not hungry for battle or anything.
Mashiro: I mean, okay, but still...
Misaki: I'm sure you know better than anyone else why you really want to improve. Your hint is Masaya! Oh, I guess that's the whole answer.
Mashiro: Why are you giving up on FC? Tell me, please!
Misaki: ...I just don't wanna bother with it anymore.
Misaki: I got bored of spinning around in the air like a plane. It's not for me.
Mashiro: You can't be serious...
Misaki: If you wanna keep playing, then go for it. But I won't be there.
Mashiro: But I thought...
Misaki: Hm?
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: What?
Mashiro: I thought you had talent.
Misaki: Heh...
Mashiro: Huh?
Misaki: Yeah, you're right. Guess it got boring 'cause I was too good.
Mashiro: I-I'm going to...!
Misaki: Hm?
Mashiro: I'm going to beat you!
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: I finally feel like I'm on the same playing field as you.
Misaki: Yeah, you've been working real hard, so I guess you are.
Misaki: Hm...
Misaki: Okay! Challenge declined.
Mashiro: Why?
Misaki: I mean, I don't have a reason to fight you. There's nothing to get me fired up and excited.
Misaki: I kinda regret not entering the fall tournament now.
Misaki: Then we could've just had our match there. And if one of us got knocked out before that, automatic loss! Something like that.
Mashiro: So I just have to get you in the fall tournament...? Fine.
Masaya: Yeah, there's no way.
Masaya: The tournament is on the 24th of this month. It's too late for applications.
Mashiro: Huh? Wait, so she can't enter the tournament?
Masaya: Yeah.
Mashiro: B-But she's going to quit FC for good at this rate!
Masaya: I know.
Mashiro: That's all you're going to say...? Didn't we make a promise to bring Misaki-senpai back?
Masaya: Yeah. Our initial plan was to show her how hard we were working, and hopefully all the fun we were having would rub off on her.
Masaya: But now she's running further away... At this rate, I doubt we'd get her back even if we took home 1st place at the tournament.
Mashiro: What do we do, Senpai?
Masaya: ...I'm not sure there's anything we <i>can</i> do.
Masaya: I wanted her to come back, but only if she quit for no real reason.
Masaya: I can't object if she has a real, serious reason for quitting.
After all, I once did the same thing...
Mashiro: ...But I don't want to see her leave like this.
Masaya: That's how it always is. But we still have to respect her wishes.
Mashiro: I just want to do something for her...
Masaya: I understand. I care about her just as much as you do. But forcing her back against her will won't accomplish anything. We'd have to change her mind.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai's never honest.
Masaya: Sure, but it doesn't really seem like she wants our help.
When I quit, the last thing I wanted was people telling me to make a comeback.
Mashiro: Years ago, when I was in a really rough spot in life, Misaki-senpai reached out and gave me her hand.
Mashiro: I don't think I'll ever forget that day.
Mashiro: But I don't know what I can even say to her that might do something...
Practice continues as the fall tournament looms.
Mashiro is practicing just as hard as ever...
But I can see her morale dwindling. Slowly, but surely.
Masaya: Welcome to--!
Masaya: You can have a seat at this table.
Misaki: ......
Misaki, of all people, shows up at Mashiro Udon.
I bring her udon over to her table and place it in front of her.
Misaki: How've you been doing?
This is the first time she's tried to strike up an actual conversation with me since she entered.
Masaya: Can't you tell? We see each other at school.
Misaki: Yeah, and you never talk to me.
Masaya: I just don't know what to talk about. I mean, there's a million things I want to ask you, so it's kind of hard.
Masaya: That's why I just decided to wait and believe.
Misaki: Boy, you really love Mashiro a whole lot, don't you?
Masaya: I was talking about <i>you</i> there, Misaki.
Misaki: For real?
Masaya: Well... I've just decided to think of you all like my kids, and you know kids. Cute as they are, they love nothing more than to be disobedient. So yeah, thanks to you guys, I feel like an old man...
Misaki: Hahaha...
Misaki proceeds to slurp her noodles.
Masaya: Well, Mashiro's the one who really trusts you. A lot more than me, in fact.
Misaki: Sorry. As an apology, one noodle of mine is thine.
Masaya: If you wanted a good pun, you should've said "nine" instead of one.
I slurp the noodle she holds out to me with her chopsticks.
Misaki: Man, this is way out of character for me.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Misaki: It won't stop nagging me! Actually, goosing! It won't stop goosing me!
Masaya: Do you even know what that means? Why would you even use that word?
Misaki: I just wish you guys gave up on me earlier.
I can't follow her.
Masaya: What would that accomplish? Like, what do you even mean by that?
Misaki: Hm, knowing me, I think I probably would've become a hermit.
Masaya: A what?
Misaki: I'd travel the world and spend all my time in arcades and stuff.
Masaya: Pfft!
Misaki: Hey, what was that for?! I'll do what I gotta do!
Masaya: Well, let's get back on-topic.
Misaki: I don't like how you're avoiding this.
Misaki: Hell, you're partly to blame for everything!
Masaya: What'd I do?!
Misaki: Like, if you'd made Asuka realize her potential more and stuff... Well, I guess she's already kinda getting there, but whatever.
Misaki: Also, if you didn't choose Mashiro, I wouldn't have had to keep coming to practice after quitting.
Masaya: Stop. Don't say anything else.
I'm worried about the kitchen... the death stare...
Misaki: Can I ask you something, Masaya? Do you think I'll ever find happiness?
Masaya: Why are you asking me that?! I don't know! Happiness is something you have to find for yourself.
Misaki: People say that phrase all the time in shows and games, don't they?
Masaya: Sure, but that doesn't mean you should randomly spring it on me.
This atmosphere feels surprisingly relaxed, given the subject matter and all.
Misaki: So, tell me, Masaya. You basically get why I quit FC, yeah?
Masaya: I'm not a psychic, Misaki. I can't read your mind.
Misaki: What do you think's more important, natural talent or hard work?
Masaya: ......
Misaki: I saw what true talent looks like. That's what happened.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: It crushed my desire and snapped my spirit right in half. Like a twig.
I think I get where she's coming from.
It's the same feeling I experienced that day... when I saw the perfectly blue sky.
Misaki felt that same sense of powerlessness. A feeling of defeat so crushing it robs you of any desire you have to still play the game.
Misaki: Well, that was just my misunderstanding... Turns out it's still hanging on by a tiny little thread.
Misaki: You know what Mashiro told me the other day? She said I had talent.
Misaki: ...Isn't that funny?
Masaya: What do you think matters more, natural talent or hard work?
Masaya: Let me rephrase that. What do you <i>want</i> to matter more?
Misaki: Y'know, I'm sure I do have some talent.
Misaki: So if Mashiro and I fought for real, I'm willing to bet that I, the one with talent, would scrape out a win.
Masaya: I asked what you <i>want</i> to matter more, not what you think does.
Misaki: ...I've never thought about it.
Misaki: But, honestly, if I did end up losing to her, I'd probably start questioning everything I believe in.
...True.
<i>True</i> talent is the kind of thing that makes you shudder. Winning seems physically impossible, no matter how hard you try...
That's what happened to me. That's why I quit FC, and ran away.
But if I accept that effort can beat talent, then what have I been doing with my life these past few years? I've been telling myself something that isn't true.
I have a hunch that Misaki is scared of fighting Mashiro.
If she wins, all it does it confirm her belief. Her belief that she can only go so far.
But if Mashiro wins, it invalidates her entire reason for quitting. It turns her entire belief system upside down.
And honestly, I'm in the same boat...
Misaki: Who would you want to win, Masaya?
She thrusts that question in front of me like a dagger against my throat.
Masaya: ...Mashiro. I feel like that would solve everyone's problems.
Misaki: Hm...
The expression on her face is far too ambiguous, so I can't tell what she thinks of my answer.
Misaki: Well, guess I'll head on out now.
Masaya: Can I ask you one thing before you go?
Masaya: What do you think of Mashiro? Be honest.
I ask her a question that's been plaguing my mind for a long time now.
Misaki: Hm, I don't wanna talk about it here.
I look in the direction Misaki is, and see...
Botan: ......
Botan-san notices Misaki looking at her and waves.
I highly doubt she was eavesdropping, but it must be hard to talk about this in the presence of Mashiro's mother.
Masaya: ...I'll ask her to give me a moment to step outside with you.
Misaki: You really don't have to.
Misaki leaves the money on the table and gets up.
The fact that she opted for that instead of paying at the register feels like an indirect sign of rejection.
Misaki: Bye!
Botan: Come again.
She gives Botan-san a quick bow.
After watching her long, black hair sway as she leaves, I go to her table to clean it off when I realize something.
Masaya: Goddammit, Misaki...
Masaya: That's not enough money.
Guess I'll get what's missing when I go after her.
Misaki: So, you wanted to know what I thought about Mashiro, yeah?
Masaya: If I'm being honest, it's hard to tell if you really like her at times.
Misaki: She's a nice friend to have 'cause she always gives me free udon! Uh, maybe that wasn't the best way to put it?
Masaya: I'll just assume you're kidding.
Misaki: Well, can you blame me? She's super clingy.
Masaya: Is she really, though? The way I see it, she only goes as far as the other person's comfortable with.
Misaki: ...I dunno.
Masaya: Mashiro told me about how you and her met.
Masaya: She said you reached out your hand to her when she was at a really depressing point in her life.
Masaya: She said she'll never forget the day.
Misaki: Did she tell you everything?
Masaya: ...No. She didn't want to tell me without your permission.
Misaki: Man, she'd be a lot cuter if she just put her boyfriend first.
Masaya: Well, it depends on the situation. I like people who care about others instead of those who are blindly obsessed with a single person.
Misaki: She used to be <i>super</i> shy and reserved back then.
Masaya: That's what I heard.
Okoze mentioned that.
Masaya: I got to know her through you, so I never knew.
Misaki: She was so awkward that it was downright funny... Well, maybe awkward isn't the right word. She just couldn't ever speak her mind.
Misaki: And she'd always wear glasses, too. She played video games so much that they ruined her eyesight.
Misaki: Apparently she never really had anything she was good at. She never knew what it was like to win or be successful. She got used to giving up, telling herself she'd never get anywhere no matter how hard she tried.
Misaki: She had no confidence in herself, so she was too afraid to speak her mind. Poor girl just walked around with her eyes on the ground all the time.
Misaki: I was like, wow, there really <i>are</i> people with no friends whatsoever. Plus, we're in a rural area where everyone's real tight-knit and stuff, so it sucks big time when you don't have a single friend.
Misaki: Probably why I couldn't tell what was up with her when I first met her. I just saw this girl hugging her knees all by herself, looking at the ground and stuff.
Misaki: I straight-up thought she was sleeping. Then, I saw she didn't finish her lunch, and I thought man, it'd be a shame to let all that good food go to waste, so I tried sneaking in from the side... But that didn't go too well.
Masaya: Are you serious?
Misaki: Man, it's crazy to think about. How she misinterpreted that as me trying to reach out my hand to her. Big screw up on my part.
Masaya: Does she know about that...?
Misaki: I told her, but she didn't believe me. And not only that, she started bringing me udon for lunch after that.
Misaki: It was probably the food, honestly. I acted a <i>little</i> too nice to her when we first met.
Masaya: Misaki...
Misaki: You probably won't believe it, but I did try to turn her down, I swear. But that girl, she just kept asking me what stuff I liked. Then, the next day the udon she brought would have that in it.
Misaki: And hey, I'm not gonna pass up a free meal.
Masaya: I don't even know what to say.
Misaki: So that's basically what our relationship's been ever since. Free udon for meee!
Masaya: There's nothing even remotely heart-warming about that.
Misaki: Well, yeah. I was just kinda waiting for her to wake up, if you know what I mean. Which thankfully, a certain someone has taken care of.
Masaya: ...I'm not doing that for you.
Misaki: Didn't say you were.
Misaki: Man, I just wanna disappear from the world.
Masaya: You know, Misaki.
Misaki: Hm?
Masaya: It seems like you're the most prone to emotional issues among us.
Misaki: Heh, you just never realized. I happen to be the girliest girl around you!
Masaya: Don't expect me to play along with your jokes.
Misaki: Wow, I'm serious! You big meanie!
Misaki: But, y'know, I'd probably be ten times more depressed if I <i>really</i> cared about Mashiro.
Misaki: I bet I would've done all sorts of crazy stuff to be the kind of person she thinks I am.
Masaya: We both know you can't just fundamentally change who you are.
Misaki: Yeah, probably, but you'd still try. Especially when you're around her. She'd make you think you could.
Misaki: I'm glad my only love is udon! Misaki-chan can live to see another day!
Botan: How did it go? Do you think Mashiro can make up with her?
Botan-san asks me that question as soon as I walk back into the restaurant. She probably guessed what our conversation was about.
Masaya: I don't know. It's something they'll have to work out between themselves. Of course, if they want my help, I'll provide it.
Botan: Hm...
Masaya: Is there something you want to say?
Botan: People are ever-changing. We overcome all sorts of problems life throws our way and grow stronger as a result.
Masaya: Isn't that a little too optimistic?
Botan: Maybe. But sometimes, all it takes is a bit of time to overcome an obstacle, while at other times, you also have to put in a great deal of effort...
Botan: You may not know, but Misaki-chan is quite perceptive.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Botan: Can you believe that she used to hate udon at one point?
Masaya: ...What?
Botan: She once choked on it when she was a child. When Mashiro brought her over here for the first time, she came to me and secretly asked me to make her portion as small as I could.
Masaya: Does Mashiro know?
Botan: Nope. Misaki-chan was being nice to her, and if she chose not to tell her, then it's not my place.
Botan: She must've endured a lot while being friends with Mashiro. See, Mashiro actually believed she loved udon and brought her some every single day.
I can understand how Misaki must've felt. I went through a similar experience with Mashiro misunderstanding what a perfectly blue sky meant to me.
Botan: I really do love Misaki-chan.
Now that I think about it, the puzzle didn't quite fit together earlier.
Misaki called her clingy, and acted like she didn't care about her, but she knows so much about Mashiro's past and what she's been through.
She'd have to have <i>some</i> interest in her as a person to know her struggles.
Masaya: ...I'll ask her to give me a moment to step outside with you.
Misaki: You really don't have to.
Masaya: Goddammit, Misaki... That's not enough money.
What if the reason she did that was so I'd chase after her?
Misaki: But, y'know, I'd probably be ten times more depressed if I <i>actually</i> cared about Mashiro.
Misaki: I bet I would've done all sorts of crazy stuff to be the kind of person she thinks I am.
Masaya: We both know you can't just fundamentally change who you are.
Misaki: Yeah, probably, but you'd still try. Especially when you're around her. She'd make you think you could.
Misaki: I'm glad my only love is udon! Misaki-chan can live to see another day!
What if that was Misaki's cry for help?
Masaya: She was right...
"Misaki-senpai never speaks her mind..."
Mashiro hit the nail on the head.
Misaki... Normally, you'd only be able to fool a naive girl like Mashiro with that.
But because of the time I've spent with Mashiro as her boyfriend, I've come to see through things...
And I'm capable of acting on that.
I think I've finally figured out how to solve this problem.
Botan: Oh, someone looks happy.
Masaya: Yeah. Ever since I started dating Mashiro, I've found myself getting giddy over the smallest things.
Masaya: Ah...
Botan: ...Oh my.
Seems Mashiro's dad heard that in the kitchen, which explains the sound of a dropped plate.
Botan: You can go home now, Masaya-kun. I'll come up with some way to fool him, so don't you worry about that.
Masaya: ...I apologize in advance, Botan-san.
Botan: Huh?
I turn in the direction of the kitchen and bow my head.
Masaya: I'm very sorry about that, sir! I am currently dating your daughter... Mashiro-san!
Masaya: I just felt so happy about that fact that it accidentally came out of my mouth!
Masaya: I'll come back later and have a proper conversation with you! But I have something important to take care off right now, so I'll be gone for the two weeks before the tournament as planned!
Masaya: I'll be leaving for today, but thank you, sir!
I actually said it.
Botan: Young love is just so sweet.
Masaya: I'll probably want to crawl in a hole later and hide from everyone, but I won't regret this.
Botan: Yeah, you might really end up in a hole.
Masaya: Um, I didn't mean it in <i>that</i> sense...
Botan: Well, I'll be rooting for you. Just so you know, I happen to like you a lot.
Masaya: Thank you.
Looks like I still don't measure up to Misaki and the years she's spent with Mashiro. That's only natural, though.
Anyway...
I need to pit Misaki and Mashiro against each other.
And to that end, I'll do everything I can.
Masaya: Haaah... Haaah...
Masaya: Ugh... Kgh...!
A few days have passed since, and it's now the weekend.
Masaya: There you are, Misaki. I've been looking everywhere for you.
Misaki: Masaya? What're you doing here on a Saturday?
Masaya: Just wanted to ask again if you're serious about facing Mashiro in an FC match.
Misaki: You were looking all over for me just for that?
Masaya: Well, I had to get a few things ready first.
Misaki: What? Wait, don't tell me you <i>actually</i> managed to get me into the tournament?
Masaya: Nah, that would've been impossible.
Misaki: I feel like you... or maybe Ms. Kagami or Shirase-san could've made something happen.
Masaya: Aoi-san's not that nice to me, so there's no way she'd help.
Misaki: Hm... This doesn't make sense, then. Why would I agree to fight her if it's not a tournament match?
Masaya: So, what's this I hear about how you used to hate udon?
Misaki: Wha--?!
Masaya: The reason you didn't want to talk inside the restaurant has to be because you didn't want Botan-san telling me the truth.
Misaki: ...What, are you gonna tell Mashiro that if I don't fight her? Well, I'll give you props for catching me off-guard, but I know you're not actually gonna do that.
Masaya: No, I wasn't going to. Finding that out about you just made me want to push you a little harder, that's all.
Masaya: Let's make a bet.
Misaki: Uh, on what?
Masaya: Here's what I have in mind. We'll do a little short distance flight race, you and me. If I win, you play Mashiro. If you win, I'll treat you to any food of your choosing for a whole year.
Misaki: ...What's the catch?
Masaya: You think there's a catch? Man, Misaki, that hurts.
Misaki: Sorry, but there's just no way you'll beat me. I don't play now, but it hasn't been <i>that</i> long, y'know?
Misaki: Even an idiot can see that, so the only answer is that you have some trick up your sleeve.
Masaya: I guess. It'll just come down to whether or not you can see through it.
Misaki: ...What, you gonna hit me with some sob story? Like how Mashiro's <i>so</i> desperate to fight me or something?
Masaya: Nope.
Misaki: Hm... Then let me ask you this first.
Misaki: Do you <i>seriously</i> think you can beat me?
Masaya: Wouldn't be here otherwise.
Misaki: 'Kay.
Misaki: ...You've piqued my interest.
A grin forms on her face.
Misaki: I dunno what you have in mind, but I'll power through any of your gimmicks...
Misaki: That's the stuff that gets me pumped!
Masaya: So you're game?
Misaki: I owe that much to Botan-san. She's the one who told you I used to not like udon, right?
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: I don't mind her telling you, since that means she thought you should know, but that means I won't hold back.
We move up into the sky.
Misaki: So, what distance we racing?
Masaya: Let's see...
I look around... and spot a balloon that someone must've let go of, ascending.
Masaya: Once that balloon's reaches our altitude, we'll race to see who gets to it first. How about that?
Misaki: Oh, that's pretty short. Won't take more than seven or eight seconds for me. Guess that means your trick is a one-and-done deal, huh?
Masaya: Who knows? You'll have to wait and see.
Misaki: Fine... Just know that I'm going all out.
Those are the last words we exchange.
The only sound now is the wind blowing past me.
In sharp contrast to that silence, my heart is beating like a drum.
A few unnaturally long seconds go by as we wait for the balloon to reach our altitude. Then...
Masaya: Okay!
Misaki: Go!
We both speed off without a moment's delay.
Misaki: Let me see what you've got up your-- Huh?
I ignore her. Instead, I accelerate to insane speeds, leaving her in the dust.
This is a handy technique I mastered when I was younger. It allows you to accelerate beyond the limits of your Grav Shoes, and it's what helped me compete against world class Skywalkers.
After years upon years of not using it, I've finally decided to bust it out to help someone other than myself.
Misaki: No way...
She's finally caught on.
I'm the one who's relying on sheer power and speed.
The growing difference in distance makes her tilt forward in an attempt to accelerate.
Misaki: Kgh...!
But Misaki is a Fighter, so she can't possibly reach her top speed that fast, and especially not in the two seconds it'll take me to reach the balloon.
And a few moments later...
Masaya: ...Got it!
I catch the balloon as the wind pressure from my flight pushes it away.
Meaning our little match that took less than ten seconds has now concluded with my victory.
Misaki flies up to me.
Misaki: You <i>really did</i> pull something!
She's furious.
Masaya: Hey, I told you I would... Ugh...
Misaki: How'd you manage to go that fast?! It makes no sense at all. What were you doing these past-- Masaya?
Masaya: Ugh... Ughhh...
Misaki: Hey, Masaya! Why are you gagging?! Are you okay?!
Masaya: ...I'm fine. I came here on an empty stomach, so I should be able to hold it in.
Misaki: What's this about?
Masaya: ...I guess that trauma's still with me. I thought I got rid of the pain, but all I really did was paint over it.
Misaki: What are you talking about?! Explain!
Masaya: ...This is what happens when I fly seriously. I never knew until I tried the other day and it turned out like this.
It was so awful that I don't even want to remember it.
My whole body was shaking and I was sweating bullets.
Masaya: But I practiced for a few days, and now I'm at the point where I can hold up for ten seconds. After that, well, you can see for yourself what happens.
Misaki: God, I can't believe you can say that with a smile on your face. Why would you even do all that to yourself...?
Masaya: For Mashiro. So she can get the chance to fight you.
Masaya: I'll be siding with her, since I want her to win.
Misaki: So you're choosing hard work over talent?
Masaya: Yeah, that's right. I have to. It won't work unless I 100% believe that.
Misaki: Stuff like that weirds me out...
Masaya: I don't blame you, but it's something I have to do.
Masaya: So, yeah. I won our little bet, and you know what that means.
Asuka: Oh, Masaya-san.
Masaya: You're joining them now, Asuka? Nice.
Asuka: Yeah, they were nice enough to let me.
Asuka seems to have joined the ever growing Speeder Alliance.
It's not even really a Speeder Alliance at this point, though...
Arika: You've barely showed up to any of our practices these past two weeks, Hinata-senpai. What's up with that?
Masaya: Sorry, I was busy with some stuff. Didn't I give Ichinose the practice schedule and detailed instructions on what everyone needs to work on, though?
Rika: You did! It really came in handy.
Masaya: Glad to hear... Anyway...
Arika: Oh, wondering why we're wearing the suits?
Masaya: Not particularly...
Arika: The tournament's coming up soon, so we decided to get some practice matches in.
Masaya: That's a good idea.
I already kinda assumed that when I saw them in their suits.
Masaya: I was going to ask you about something else, though...
Arika: We did a mini round-robin practice tournament with the four of us. Wanna know the results?
Masaya: Sure, go ahead. Can't make excuses if nobody was playing with a second...
Rika: Asuka-san came out on top. I have to say, she really is something special.
Asuka: That's not true. They were all really close matches.
Arika: I got beat to a pulp by Rika.
Rika: You're exaggerating.
Masaya: ...You're doing this to me on purpose, aren't you?
I look at them in exasperation.
Rika: Hehe... You figured it out?
Masaya: At least apologize or something.
Basically, they're teasing me by specifically dragging out these conversations to keep me from asking where Mashiro is.
Masaya: So, where's Mashiro?
Arika: Doing some special training.
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: Unfortunately, she came in last place.
Masaya: I see...
So she lost and left to practice on her own.
Asuka: ...Ah!
Masaya: Was Mashiro at least smiling...?
Rika: She was! She said she'd beat us all next time.
Arika: Yeah. It was kind of weird how fired up she was...
Asuka: M-Masaya-san, is she...?!
Masaya: It's fine. I'll go.
I need to go.
Mashiro: Hic... Hic...
Masaya: ...Guess I let you down again. Sorry, Mashiro.
Mashiro: S-Senpai...?
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry, I'll stop crying.
Masaya: You can cry, that's fine. Let it all out until you feel better.
I place my hand on her head and stroke it.
Masaya: So, what's going on?
Mashiro: I ran my mouth to you about how I wanted to beat Misaki-senpai, but I suck. I'm nowhere near her level.
Mashiro: Everyone else is focused on the tournament, but I'm focused on something completely different.
Mashiro: I feel like all my hard work's going to waste...
Masaya: I see.
Mashiro's been agonizing about these things this whole time.
To the point where, eventually, she couldn't contain her emotions in that tiny body of hers and it all burst out.
Masaya: I feel really bad when you go off like this and cry all by yourself, Mashiro. At least come to me, okay?
Mashiro: You've seemed busy lately, though.
Masaya: I told you I had a little something to take care of, didn't I?
Mashiro: Yeah, but you didn't tell me what.
Masaya: Right. Sorry about that.
I couldn't tell her I was practicing flying.
I didn't want her to see me all shaken up like I was. I guess you could just chalk it up to a silly matter of pride.
Mashiro: Part of me was afraid... that you just didn't care about me anymore...
Mashiro: I tried not to think about it... and I kept telling myself over and over that you'd never change like that, but still...
Masaya: Silly. Of course I care about you.
Mashiro: I know. I know, but...
Man, hearing that really makes my heart ache.
Masaya: Sorry for leaving you alone when you were feeling down and lonely... But I managed to accomplish it, Mashiro.
Mashiro: What exactly?
Masaya: I talked to Misaki. She said she'll go back to playing FC if you can beat her.
Mashiro: What...?
Masaya: The match'll be next weekend on a Saturday. Coincidentally, the day before the tournament.
Mashiro: How... How did you convince her...?
Masaya: I'm your coach, Mashiro. I'll make anything happen if it's for one of my players.
Mashiro: I'm sorry... You did all that, but I honestly don't think I stand a chance.
Masaya: You have me.
Mashiro: I'd love to believe I can win. I really would, but come on...
Masaya: Remember our two promises?
Masaya: I told you I'd help you win, and I told you I'd get Misaki to return.
Masaya: We'll knock both of them out with this one match.
Mashiro: But what if I lose...? What'll happen to our relationship with Misaki-senpai?
Mashiro: I'm scared... I'm really, <i>really</i> scared...
I extend my hand toward Mashiro.
Just like she extended hers to me when I was feeling down. And...
Masaya: It's your turn to hold out a hand to Misaki.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Masaya: You took Misaki's hand when you first met, remember?
Masaya: So now it's your turn to repay her. I'll be holding your hand tight, so make sure you grab hold of hers.
Mashiro: Senpai, how do you...?
Masaya: We're gonna win, Mashiro. That's the only way we can take Misaki's hand.
Mashiro stares at my hand for a few seconds, seeming somewhat afraid, but then...
Mashiro: Help me beat Misaki-senpai.
She firmly grasps my hand.
Masaya: Mashiro.
I once again see an iron-clad will in those tear-stained eyes of hers.
Masaya: Let's win this together.
Mashiro gives me a silent nod in response.
One week has passed, and it's now the day of Mashiro's match with Misaki.
Masaya: Okay. I'll be Mashiro's second, and for you, Misaki... You're <i>really</i> sure you don't want one?
Misaki: Yep, I'm good.
Asuka: Do you want me to be your second?
Misaki: Hm, I appreciate the thought, but nah. This match is different.
Asuka: Okay. I'll at least track Mashiro-chan's position and things like that for you.
Misaki: Thanks, I'll take you up on that... Apart from that, are we gonna go without a ref? I mean, there's no real need if we're all gonna follow the rules, but...
Mashiro: ...Sounds good to me. I'm ready to get this going whenever you are.
Misaki: Aight! Ready furr liftoff!
Misaki casually floats off toward first.
Masaya: You've got this in the bag, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Thanks! Time to fly meowt!
Mashiro shouts her activation key and takes off.
I look at Asuka.
Masaya: Sorry. I know you'd rather be practicing for the tournament right now.
Asuka: ...You don't have to be sorry. I know how important this match is.
Masaya: ...Thanks.
She's friends with all of us, so she understands what's on the line.
In a sense, this match is like the final showdown.
Asuka: I hope it solves everything for everyone.
Masaya: ...Me too.
That's the very reason we threw down the gauntlet at Misaki.
I narrow my eyes, then look up at the playing field.
Mashiro: Here's to a good match.
Misaki: Sure thing.
Mashiro: You better not go easy on me, okay?
Misaki: Sure, I can do that. But I'm nothing that special even at my best, y'know?
Mashiro: Oh, but you are. I know exactly what you're capable of when you're trying.
Misaki: ...Yeah, I dunno about that. Well, enough chitchat. Let's get this match started.
Mashiro: Ready when you are.
Misaki waves her hand down below.
Misaki: Masayaaa! Give us the signal so we can start!
Masaya: Can I ask you to do that, Asuka?
Asuka: Huh? You want me to? Sure, I guess I can...! O-Okay, I'm about to start the match! Is everyone ready?
Misaki: Totally!
Mashiro: Same here.
Asuka: Ready, set...
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: Ah...!
Misaki seems completely relaxed, while it's clear how nervous Mashiro is.
Asuka: Pheeeeeeeeeeee!
The moment Asuka mimics the sound of a whistle, the two of them propel their bodies past the starting line.
Misaki: 'Kay. I'll be waiting on the second line. Take your time.
With a wave of the hand, Misaki jumps to second.
Masaya: ...Mashiro.
Mashiro: Yeah.
Masaya: Don't fall for her tricks. She could just be acting like that so she can catch you off-guard and take control of the match.
Mashiro: I don't think so. This is just her being her usual self.
Masaya: ...Yeah, could be.
Mashiro: I doubt that she's legitimately scared of me. If anything, I feel like jumping to the next line was just the natural option for her, so she did it without really thinking.
Masaya: What makes you think that?
Mashiro: I mean, there's no way she recognizes me as a threat, so why would she intentionally need to deceive me? She can beat me head-on.
Masaya: That might be true, but you always want to consider the possibility.
Mashiro: ...Why's that?
Masaya: If you corner yourself into thinking that way, you'll get careless.
Mashiro: So she'll catch me sleeping, basically?
Masaya: That's the right idea. If that's part of her strategy, you've already fallen right for it.
Mashiro: Why would she use such an elaborate strategy against someone like me...?
Masaya: I'm just proposing hypotheticals. If it <i>were</i> her strategy, she'd have you right where she wants you now. And that's not good.
Mashiro: ...True.
Masaya: If you take her too lightly, you'll regret it later. Sharpen your focus and be on guard for anything she might be doing.
Mashiro: You're right... Maybe I got a little too relaxed knowing she was my opponent. I'm focusing now! Let's do this!
Masaya: That's the spirit! You remember the strategy, right? Rush her down and mix in some feints! But be careful so she doesn't catch you.
Mashiro: Roger!
Mashiro speeds forward and touches second.
The score is now 1:0.
Using the repulsion from it, she speeds up while making a gradual ascent.
Here we go.
Mashiro is a Speeder, while Misaki is a Fighter.
In the Speeder-Fighter matchup, it's extremely common for whoever takes the momentum first to win the match.
Will the Speeder break through and circle around the buoys, or will the Fighter stop them?
The outcome of this match could very well be decided in the next minute or so.
After Mashiro reaches a certain altitude, she levels off and proceeds to fly horizontally.
Mashiro: ......
Our plan is for her to make use of gravity to swoop down at high speeds toward the midway point between Misaki and third.
She's not making a straight shot for it because that's a beginner's move. Any good opponent would see through that.
We don't want Misaki to stop Mashiro while she's still gaining speed.
As long as there's enough distance between her and third, Mashiro has the ability to adjust her flight based on what action Misaki takes.
If Misaki decides to head to third and guard it, all Mashiro has to do is fly at her, full speed. She'll not only knock Misaki away, but be able to touch third after.
A collision like that will allow Mashiro to preserve her forward momentum, since repulsion is relative.
That's why the one trying to prevent the other from reaching a buoy never stands directly in front of it.
Misaki: Here we go...
Misaki takes up her position, then casually stops in Mashiro's path.
Misaki: Haaah...
She heaves a heavy sigh, then looks up at Mashiro.
What's she thinking?
Fighters do have high initial velocity, but just floating there won't help her win.
Masaya: ......
It's a breach of etiquette, in my opinion, but I push that thought aside and glance over to Asuka.
Asuka: Misaki-chan, what's wrong? Do you not feel well? Is it a tummyache?
I can tell Asuka's panicking right now.
Misaki: ......
Misaki, on the other hand, just maintains that nonchalant look on her face.
Does she have some plan?
Masaya: Mashiro, stay focused!
Mashiro: I know!
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: Ah...!
She zooms forward, making use of feints by looking in directions other than her trajectory and twitching her shoulders to confuse Misaki about if she's going left or right.
Mashiro: Ah...!
After initially leaning her body to the left, Mashiro does a sharp right lean and dashes past Misaki.
Misaki just floats there with a smile on her face.
Misaki: So that's your game plan, huh?
Mashiro: ...What?
Misaki: ......
Misaki follows Mashiro with her eyes, but doesn't move in any other way.
Misaki: Onto the next one.
After getting visual confirmation that Mashiro's about to make contact with third, Misaki shoots off toward the next line.
Mashiro: ...Senpai.
The anxious tone in her voice echoes through my ears.
Mashiro: What's she thinking? She was just floating there...
Masaya: No idea, but don't let your guard down.
Mashiro: I know, I won't... But is she just going to throw the match on purpose?
Masaya: Then score a hundred points! That'll be enough to wake her up.
Mashiro: ...Yeah. You're right! Let's do this!
Masaya: Keep flying, Mashiro!
Mashiro: Roger!
Mashiro touches third and accelerates down the next line.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Once again, Misaki's just floating in place.
Seriously, what the hell's her gameplan?
Mashiro: Coming through!
Mashiro uses the same feints with her eyes and shoulders while flying fast at a sharp angle, diagonally upward toward Misaki.
Misaki: ......
Mashiro: Ah...!
And Mashiro easily evades her.
Misaki does the same thing as last time. She doesn't follow Mashiro, and instead jumps to the next line.
Mashiro: I don't care what Misaki-senpai's up to! I'll score a hundred points and show her!
Masaya: That's the spirit!
What's Misaki trying to pull here?
Now she's just floating around on the fourth line.
Is she seriously not even going to <i>try</i> to win?
Mashiro's keeping her motivation high by aiming to score a hundred points, but...
Is this really how she wants to win her match against Misaki?
Is Misaki doing this to hurt her?
No, I know her. She's not like that.
Ah!
Masaya: Misaki definitely has a trick up her sleeve, Mashiro... She's not throwing this match.
Mashiro: Did you figure something out?
Masaya: Just trust me. Be ready for anything.
Mashiro: Got it.
That's 3:0.
Misaki: ......
As for Misaki--
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: ...Ah!
She's starting to circle around in a horizontal loop. This can only mean one thing. She's getting ready to intercept Mashiro.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai!
Mashiro shouts out in zealous glee.
Misaki simply beckons for her.
Misaki: Come play with me, Mashiro.
Mashiro: G-Got it!
Masaya: Stay calm!
Mashiro: I know!
...I sure hope she does.
Following a steep climb, Mashiro dives down.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Misaki: Heh...!
Misaki reacts and starts moving around in search of the best position for her to successfully intercept Mashiro.
She isn't going to find it easily, I know.
Mashiro: ...Take this!
Mashiro makes several feints involving her line of sight and upper body. In addition, she also rocks left and right at irregular paces.
Mashiro: There!
Right when she pretends like she's about to choose a direction, she'll also throw in those shouts to throw Misaki off-guard.
If you're paying enough attention, just those shouts might make you instinctively move.
Mashiro is using everything in her arsenal to fool Misaki.
Misaki once told Mashiro that she wasn't good at dealing with feints, which is why she's been working thoroughly on her feints during practice.
Mashiro: ......
You'd be hard-pressed to find a Skywalker who doesn't have trouble with these feints. The more you try to read her actions, the more confused you get. Or at least, that's how it should be.
But Misaki is quick to react.
Misaki: Whoosh!
Misaki stands in an upright position, then throws her arms up like she's swimming. This motion is the initial windup that precedes a rapid climb.
Mashiro: Huh...?!
Mashiro reacts instantaneously and dives downward at a much sharper angle.
Mashiro: I got past you!
Something flickers through the back of my head for a moment.
Masaya: Careful!
Mashiro: Huh?
I've seen this exact situation in a match before.
Misaki: Got you!
Misaki does a vertical, 180 degree roll and shoots toward Mashiro from directly above her.
Misaki: You're mine!
Mashiro's back is wide open, and Misaki's hand is closing in fast.
Mashiro: What?! Aaaaaah!
Mashiro was convinced that she'd already escaped her clutches, so the unexpected touch makes her completely lose balance.
Misaki: One more!
After Misaki recovers from the upward force of the repulsion, she dives down toward Mashiro's back again, taking advantage of the fact that she's still struggling to regain her balance.
Mashiro: Eeek!
She's successfully scored another point.
This puts things at 3:2.
Mashiro: Aaah! Eeek! Wait, how did she get me like that?
Masaya: Fly in wide arcs to ramp up speed, then head diagonally downward!
Mashiro: O-Okay!
That was the exact same thing she did to Ichinose in the summer tournament.
She was hesitant to fly after Ichinose back during that match, but now, she's going right after Mashiro.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Misaki: You're not going anywhere!
Mashiro: I'm not stopping for you! And I thought you said you were bad at dealing with feints?!
Misaki: You think I'd tell you the truth? Come on now.
Mashiro: Ugh...!
Mashiro has gained a considerable amount of speed.
Any average Fighter would've been too dissuaded by her speed to give chase, but not Misaki. Whenever Mashiro flies in an arc, she flies in smaller ones, predicting where Mashiro will go, and taking the shortest path there.
Man, she's really something else.
Misaki: See you later!
Mashiro: Huh?
Suddenly, after sticking to Mashiro's heels for the past minute or so, Misaki pulls away.
She's heading straight for first.
Misaki: ......
Misaki: Score!
She touches the buoy and scores her third point.
The score is now 3:3. I still can't believe she just evened the score like it was nothing.
She was keeping track of her own position relative to the field while putting pressure on Mashiro... That's insane.
Mashiro: No way...
Masaya: Get it together, Mashiro! It's not over yet!
Mashiro: She basically gave me those first three points for free, so the score may as well be 0:3.
Masaya: That's not true. She didn't just give you those points for free. She was sacrificing those points so she could get data. Stop worrying about that and jump to the first line before she touches second!
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: Come on, aren't you paying attention?! She just touched first, so her plan is to go for the next one! Don't let that little setback shake you up! We've still got this!
Mashiro: Roger!
Masaya: Losing isn't an option, Mashiro!
Mashiro: Yeah, we have to win this!
She jumps to the first line and assumes position near the second half of it. If she went to the center of it, she wouldn't have had time to prepare before Misaki reached her.
Misaki: ......
By the time Mashiro reaches the line, Misaki is already beyond the midway point.
Masaya: Don't wait. Fly toward her.
Mashiro: Roger!
Mashiro isn't allowed to go for second until she either makes contact with Misaki or their paths cross.
Speeders generally prefer more distance between them and their opponent, so a situation like this where they <i>have</i> to approach them isn't ideal.
After she realizes that Mashiro is coming at her, Misaki raises her upper body to assume an upright position.
Misaki: C'mere. I'll wait patiently.
Masaya: Don't take her bait, Mashiro. She's trying to drag you into a dogfight.
Mashiro: That's good to hear!
Masaya: How?
Mashiro: The fact that she's trying to provoke me means she's taking this seriously. She'd only do something like if she <i>wanted</i> to win, right?
Masaya: I guess you've somehow managed to ignite the fire in her.
Someone who didn't care to win would never outright provoke their opponent.
Masaya: Still, you don't want to play her game. Don't take the bait.
Mashiro: I know that!
Masaya: Fly until you reach her horizontal position, then make a U-turn and shoot for second. Whatever you do, don't let her get close to you.
Mashiro: Got it!
She only has to reach Misaki's position horizontally. Vertical distance doesn't matter.
Once she does that, she can legally score by touching the next buoy.
What she needs to do now is close the distance horizontally while maintaining a sizable vertical distance between them. If she does that, she won't get roped into a dogfight.
Misaki: Hey, you know more about dogfights than most Speeders. Give it a shot.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro ignores her provocation and inches closer.
Misaki: Well, if you wanna makes this boring, I can do that too.
Mashiro: Huh?
Misaki: I'll just head for second!
Misaki accelerates toward the next buoy.
Mashiro: What?
Since Mashiro was flying in the opposite direction, Misaki passes her in no time.
Masaya: After her!
Mashiro: Roger!
Dammit, this is bad!
Mashiro comes to a stop, turns around, and flies after Misaki in hot pursuit.
The better play was obviously to turn around using a wide U-turn, since that would let her maintain speed.
Masaya: Calm down, Mashiro!
Mashiro: I am!
"If you were calm, you wouldn't have made such a rookie mistake!" I almost feel like shouting at her, but that won't accomplish anything.
Masaya: Don't jump to the next line, Mashiro! Don't worry about her touching second, just keep chasing her! If you use your advantages, you can definitely catch up!
Mashiro: Okay!
Misaki: Catch me if you can, Mashiro!
Misaki touches second, bringing the score to 3:4.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Misaki is now flying down the second line while Mashiro chases her.
Then, presumably having figured out that Mashiro will eventually catch up, Misaki stops and starts circling in a small loop.
Misaki: C'mon, Mashiro, let's play. You've kept me waiting long enough.
Mashiro: Not a chance! I'm flying past you, whether you like it or not.
Mashiro once again makes use of her feints.
Misaki: Whoops!
Misaki moves to the side.
Perfect! She can get past her now!
But the moment I think we have it in the bag, Misaki moves to the opposite side.
Misaki: Gotcha!
Mashiro: Ngh!
That makes it 3:5 now.
Masaya: Fly in a wide arc and shake her off with your speed!
If Mashiro doesn't put some distance between them fast, Misaki's just going to keep scoring more and more!
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
She's panting hard.
Dammit, this is just like the first time!
There's nothing more stressful than falling for the same trap twice. And that only speeds up the process of physical exhaustion.
You feel helpless, like your opponent is always one step ahead of you. I've experienced this feeling myself.
I can feel some section of my head burning up. It stings almost like poison.
An image flashes through my mind. The day I quit... the day I turned my back on FC.
The memories of that summer day come flooding in.
What was once fun became stressful. Everything I did from that point onward was out of a fear of someone overtaking me.
And when that day soon came, I had a mental breakdown.
I could no longer play FC.
Mashiro...
Will she still be able to keep playing after being utterly dismantled by a player she vowed to beat?
I almost believe it'd be easier for her just to quit.
Those thoughts swarm my mind.
If I was playing, I probably would've given up on this match.
Masaya: Ah...!
My vision is blurred blue.
It's all coming back to me. The perfectly blue sky.
The blurred image of my tears and the overwhelming pain and resignation I felt.
Back then, I was too dumbfounded to even move or realize what had just happened.
But...!
Masaya: You're not gonna give up yet, are you?
I wipe away the cloud of blue and find Mashiro.
Mashiro: Don't ask me a question with such an obvious answer! Why are you trying to test my resolve at a time like this?! I'm desperately trying to focus here, okay?!
Right. Fighting until the last breath is the only option in Mashiro's mind.
She's a million times stronger than I ever was. And I couldn't be more proud of her for that.
That's why I can't run away.
I have a job to do as her second. I have keep trying to get her the win until the bitter end... No, I <i>will</i> get her the win!
Masaya: Okay, so she's going after you right now, but at some point she'll stop and go for third. When she does that, chase her and make sure to maintain your speed this time.
Mashiro: Okay!
I'd much rather just have Mashiro shoot for third, but that's not possible.
Misaki's easily in control of this match right now.
If I make Mashiro go for third, Misaki will probably just stall her and swipe her for another point, since she has the positional advantage at the moment.
And if that isn't bad enough, she'll probably be able to make a run for a third and score again.
It won't matter how strong Mashiro is. If that happens to her now, with the clock ticking down, she'll lose all her desire to keep going.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Misaki: ......
Mashiro...
I can tell her stamina's slowly chipping away the more Misaki follows her.
So why doesn't Misaki just break away and go for third like she did last time?
...Ah!
This is essentially the same thing I was making her do against Ichinose at the summer tournament.
Back then, Ichinose couldn't do anything because Misaki kept circling around her, and that's how she won.
This time, her plan is to continually apply pressure on Mashiro by tailing her, which will whittle down her energy.
...I'm honestly impressed she came up with this.
I remember something I told her during her match against Ichinose.
"If you really wanna win, do whatever it takes."
I look up at her.
Misaki: ......
I guess she really is going all out...
A chill runs down my spine.
Normally it would be the Fighter, Misaki, who has the disadvantage in this situation.
But her technical skill surpasses Mashiro's, which allows her to make up for that weakness.
The biggest issue here is the amount of stress she's applying to Mashiro.
It's mentally exhausting when someone chases you, right on your heels, for such a long period of time.
She may have me to tell her what to do, but she can't actually see her opponent. She doesn't know what might come her way and when.
Playing completely in the dark...
There's nothing more frightening.
It's hard to deal with any potential attack, and since you can't see what's coming, you only imagine the worst.
Masaya: Don't think about anything other than shaking her off, okay?
Mashiro: Okay!
Her reply may have sounded energetic, but there's no way she can just not think about it.
Mashiro: Here I go!
Misaki: ...Huh?
Masaya: ...Huh?
I know she has to be exhausted both mentally and physically, but she suddenly accelerates hard.
Masaya: Are you sure you can do this?
Mashiro: What? You just told me to shake her off!
Masaya: R-Right! Shake her off!
Mashiro: Got it!
Even though Mashiro's cranked up her speed, Misaki follows right behind.
Misaki: Kgh!
I guess even she's getting tired at this point.
Misaki: Hey, Mashiro.
Mashiro's mic picks up Misaki's voice.
Mashiro: What is it?
Misaki: Why not just give up? It's not like you have any chance of winning. Just spare yourself the pointless struggle.
Mashiro just smiles in response.
Mashiro: You never say what's truly on your mind.
Misaki: Hm? What're you talking about?
Mashiro: What you actually mean is that giving up now would be more painful than anything.
Misaki: No. I'm telling you to just give up.
Mashiro: Oh, Misaki-senpai. You just can't be honest with yourself.
Misaki: I never say anything if I don't mean it!
Suddenly, she raises her voice in anger.
Mashiro: ......
Misaki: Hard work doesn't have shit on natural talent. I can only climb so high, no matter how hard I try! Don't you understand that, Mashiro? You should know <i>exactly</i> how that feels!
Mashiro: ...But it's so much fun!
Misaki: What is?
Mashiro: Working hard toward a goal! Who cares about natural talent? I don't need that! I'm having the time of my life out here!
Misaki: What's so fun about losing?!
Mashiro: Everything! I'm only playing FC because I have so much fun out here!
Mashiro starts a Scissors while maintaining her speed.
Misaki: Huh? Ah! Ahhhhhh!
Misaki, who's still flying in a straight line, is quickly forced ahead of Mashiro.
Masaya: Go, Mashiro!
Mashiro: I know!
She breaks off her swerving, then flies toward Misaki and reaches out her hand.
Mashiro: Got you!
Misaki: Huh?!
That brings the score to 4:5.
Masaya: Go for third! Fly as fast as you can and don't look back!
Mashiro: Got it!
Misaki: What the hell?!
Mashiro utilizes the force of repulsion from the touch to twist her body and jet off in the direction of third.
Misaki: Ah...!
Misaki tries to give chase, but Mashiro's going too fast. She won't be able to catch up in time to prevent her from touching third.
She leans forward to accelerate down the third line.
Mashiro: Score!
Mashiro touches third, tying the score up at 5:5.
Man, and here I thought this match was done for...
You're doing it, Mashiro!
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Masaya: Only one minute left on the clock, Mashiro. Whatever happens on this line decides the game.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Ngh! Good to know!
Masaya: Have you figured out how she got through your feints twice?
Mashiro: No, I haven't.
Masaya: Misaki's tricking you into thinking she's falling for them.
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: Her strategy is to make it seem like she's doing what you want her to, then she'll quickly move the opposite direction. You're the one falling for <i>her</i> feints.
Mashiro: ...It seems so obvious now that you've pointed it out to me.
Masaya: So that's why I want you to go one step beyond this time.
Mashiro: One step beyond... Got it! I'll give it a shot!
Masaya: Go get her, Mashiro!
Whoever scores on this line will probably win the match.
I gaze up at Mashiro's position with bated breath.
You've got this!
I believe in her.
Misaki: ......
Misaki's circling around the center of the third line, visibly exhausted.
Misaki: Just so you know, I'm not about to lose.
Mashiro: Same here! I'm going to beat you no matter what!
Misaki: Man, <i>no matter what,</i> huh...? I wish I could be that determined.
Mashiro: It's not too late! Ready or not, here I come!
Mashiro rushes toward her, throwing feint after feint.
Misaki: Ack!
Misaki moved her body sideways like she fell for one of the feints.
Remember, Mashiro! The opposite!
But even as those words enter my mind, I can't voice them to her. She only has a split second to make the right decision, so they won't reach her in time.
Mashiro: Kgh!
Mashiro clenches her back muscles to lift her upper body, assume an upright position, and sharply brake. Following that, she flies straight to the spot Misaki blocked.
Misaki: What?!
But Misaki's no longer there.
She only pretends to fall for the feint, meaning she'll move in a way that catches Mashiro off-guard to give herself the upper hand.
Which means Misaki <i>definitely</i> won't be in the original spot she had blocked off.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Misaki: Kgh!
Misaki tries to force herself back to her original position and touch Mashiro's leg. Her gameplan is to throw her off-balance with that and force a dogfight.
Mashiro: Ah!
Luckily, Mashiro brings her legs in and successfully manages to evade Misaki's grab.
Mashiro: Ah...!
But that results in a slight loss of balance. Her speed drops and she falls diagonally downward.
Masaya: Mashiro!
Mashiro: I'm going to win!
After regaining her balance, Mashiro's flies a small arc as she shoots for third.
Misaki: Not if I have anything to say about it!
Misaki's flying right above the line.
Mashiro has the speed, but Misaki is closer.
Mashiro's closer now!
She has this!
Mashiro: Ah...!
But the moment her hand reaches for third...
Mashiro: No way!
Misaki: Not yet!
Misaki touches Mashiro's ankle from below and pushes her upward.
And that, unfortunately, makes Mashiro somersault away from the buoy.
While the force of repulsion throws Misaki downward.
Misaki: Kgh! This is mine...!
After recovering her balance, Misaki reaches up for the buoy.
Masaya: Now, Mashiro!
Mashiro, however, stops tumbling and curls up, straightening her body again.
The move she's about to unleash is a beautiful, yet mysterious quick-turn that makes it seem like the player is kicking off the air.
This technique is only possible because of the unique properties of the membrane.
The legendary Airkick Turn.
Mashiro: I'm ON ITTTTTTTTT!
Mashiro/Misaki: Ah...!
Mashiro: Ah...!
Misaki: Ah...!
They touched the buoy at near identical times.
But... Mashiro was faster. The final score is 6:5.
Asuka: Mashiro-chan won! That was so amazing!
Asuka's in awe of what she just witnessed.
Misaki softly lands on the sand.
Masaya: Misaki...
Misaki: KGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!
Masaya: Huh?
Misaki: I HAAAAAAAAAAAATE THIIIIIIIIIIIIS!
Masaya: What?!
Asuka: M-Misaki-chan?!
Misaki: I can't stand this! I can't stand this!
After stomping the sand as hard as she can for a few seconds, she calms down.
Misaki: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Masaya.
Masaya: Yeah?
Misaki: Hahaha... Losing sucks. Guess I still had a bit of competitive spirit left in me, huh?
Masaya: ...So, what now? Are you going to keep playing FC?
Misaki: Good question... Well, I got hit with a miracle today, so I guess I will.
Masaya: Don't call it a... Oh.
Asuka: Mashiro-chan.
Masaya: Mashiro...
She just now lands.
Her feet totter as she walks. I don't know if she's just that exhausted, or if she's still in disbelief that she actually managed to clutch out a win.
The urge to give her a hug washes over me for a moment... but I quickly use my better judgement.
Her eyes are focused on another person right now.
Misaki: Mashiro.
Mashiro: ......
With wobbly steps, Mashiro reaches out her hand.
And that hand clasps Misaki's.
Mashiro: I finally caught you, Misaki-senpai...
Misaki: ...Yep, you sure did.
Instead, Misaki is the one who now embraces Mashiro.
I look up toward the sky without even thinking about it.
It's a beautiful, clear blue from horizon to horizon.
Their quiet sobs are drowned out by the sound of the waves.
It's after school now.
This is just another day of practice for our FC club.
Madoka: Gather around, everybody!
Well, maybe not. Some things have changed.
Madoka: The fall tournament may be behind us, but we in the Kunahama FC Club have more work to do! Now, pledge alliance to your new president, Madoka Aoyagi, and all things good will come your way!
Misaki: Why do you sound like a cult leader?
Madoka: Shut up, quitter!
Misaki: Don't call me that!
The first thing worth noting is that Madoka is our new club president. Well, I <i>made</i> her take the position from me.
Seeing how she's the most spirited person on our team, I think she's a good fit.
As for why I relinquished my position... Well, that's because I've decided to try something new.
I'm still the coach, but now I'm also...
Mashiro: Let's hope you can manage 20 seconds at full speed today, Senpai! And don't worry, I'll hold your hand along the way!
Masaya: Don't forget, I'm still the coach here.
Mashiro: Well, as a player, I have the longer standing!
That smug line's kinda adorable.
But she's right, so all I can do is nod reluctantly.
You heard right. I'm now training as a player myself, and hopefully I'll even compete in the next tournament...
Misaki: No need to be so shy, Masaya. Here, I'll teach you everything you need to know.
Masaya: M-Misaki?!
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai!
Misaki: Come on, Masaya! Let's go somewhere quiet, away from all their prying eyes. I'll give you an extra-special <i>private</i> lesson there.
Masaya: M-Misaki! Quit blowing into my ear!
Mashiro: You've been acting weird lately, Misaki-senpai.
Misaki: Well, I just kinda realized something.
Masaya: And what's that?
Misaki: I'll basically be set for life if I can make you mine.
Masaya: What?!
Misaki: Come on, Masaya! We can practice some High Yo-Yos, some Low Yo-Yos, and even kissing!
Masaya: What are you...?!
Mashiro: You aren't taking him anywhere!
Mashiro forces herself between us.
Mashiro: Masaya-senpai belongs to me! And no one else! You hear me?!
Misaki: But he belongs to all of us during practice, doesn't he? Though... he might be mine outside of practice too, if I play my cards right.
Mashiro: What are you planning to do?!
Misaki: What's the problem? Rejoice, Mashiro. The two people you love most in the whole wide world are gonna become <i>real good</i> friends!
Mashiro: You and I both know you're not trying to become his <i>friend!</i>
Misaki: Come on, Masaya, admit it. You'd love to have these big things all to yourself, wouldn't you?
Masaya: S-S-S-S-Stop shoving your boobs against me!
Mashiro: Masaya-senpai!
Masaya: How is this my fault?!
Mashiro: God, I can't believe you, Misaki-senpai. If I'd known you were going to pull this, I would've just left you sulking after our match.
Mashiro... That's a bit over the line...
Well, maybe that's just what their relationship has become. They don't have to worry about upsetting each other with flippant remarks like that.
...For better or worse.
Masaya: Come on... No fighting, you two.
Misaki: Yeah, sorry...
Misaki smiles sadly.
Mashiro: I still feel <i>really</i> bad about what happened to Asuka-senpai in the fall tournament...
Misaki: Now we're down to just the three of us. It's a real shame.
Masaya: Uh, guys...
Asuka: Stop! What are you doing?!
Unable to bear the teasing any longer, Asuka interjects loudly.
Asuka: You were arguing seconds ago, so why do you have to team up when it comes to teasing me?! Nothing happened to me! I'm still here!
Misaki: One thing <i>didn't</i> happen to you. You didn't win the tournament.
Asuka: Ugh, Inui-san is just too good... B-But I'm going to beat her next time, I promise!
Misaki: Nah, not a chance. We all know Supreme King Misaki-chan's gonna mop the floor with everyone next tournament!
Mashiro: Oh please. It'll be the dark horse--
Misaki: You've still got a year after us.
Mashiro: I have to wait a whole year for my time to shine?!
The silly banter between our close-knit team never stops.
Madoka: I was going to say this earlier, but what's the deal with you saying you're down to three people without Asuka-chan? Surely you didn't forget about your brand new leader, right?
Masaya: Don't worry, it was all a part of the joke.
Madoka: At least look me in the eye when you're talking to me! I'm begging you!
It's hard to when teasing her is so fun.
Masaya: Well, that's enough fooling around. We need to get practice started.
Misaki: Let's go, Masaya.
Asuka: There's something I want you to teach me, Masaya-san! If you teach me that, I'll help you practice too!
Madoka: C'mon, wait up, Hinata-kun!
Masaya: Oh boy...
It's even more hectic than before.
Mashiro: ......
And Mashiro is totally glaring at me.
Masaya: At least decide on an order or... Oh.
Mashiro suddenly rushes up to me and takes my hand.
What the hell?
Mashiro: Time to fly meowt!
She shouts her activation key, and an anti-gravitation field is deployed around us, since we're holding hands.
Her body slowly floats up into the air at that point.
Mashiro: I don't care what order you decide among yourselves, but I come first!
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: Mmmph...!
Masaya: What?!
Mashiro's floating body and mine, still rooted to the ground, are connected as her lips touch mine.
The others... What are they making of this?
Instead of looking, I drive those scary thoughts away by focusing on other things.
The beautiful blue of the sky overhead, the sound of the waves in the distance, and the calming smell of the sea breeze.
In this moment, I just want to savor this kiss with my beautiful girlfriend.
Things have finally settled down somewhat after the end of the fall tournament.
And that means Mashiro and I can finally have our long-awaited first date.
Mashiro: Senpai, Senpai!
Masaya: Yeah.
Mashiro: Look, they have a movie theater in here! Isn't that cool?
Masaya: ...I thought we were having lunch first, Mashiro?
Mashiro: But you never know, Senpai! Maybe they have a super awesome movie playing right now?
Masaya: I don't know what your definition of "super awesome" is. And in case you need me to remind you, the whole reason we're looking for a place to eat is because you scrapped our initial plan of doing some shopping.
Mashiro: I'm sorry! It's just everything seems a lot more fun when I'm with you.
Masaya: Yeah, that tends to happen. That's why making plans beforehand is usually the best idea.
Mashiro: Wow, is that <i>really</i> the best response you could think of? Say something cool and manly instead like, "I'll let you enjoy everything you want, Mashiro."
Masaya: Well, we can do whatever you want, Mashiro. I'm just here to spend time with you.
Mashiro: Ah...! I-I'm not going to fall for your sweet talk, Senpai.
Mashiro: Do you think there's any private place in this mall where we can go to get some alone time?
Masaya: ...Don't get all serious and ask me that, Mashiro.
It certainly looks like she fell for it... Not that I was trying to sweet talk her, anyway. I meant every word I said.
Masaya: Well, we have the whole day. Let's take it slow. That way, we can relax and enjoy ourselves.
Mashiro: Oh, I just remembered. Dad told me to pass on a message to you.
Masaya: You really have a low attention span...
Mashiro: He wants to know when you'll be back at work.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: Looks like he's at least acknowledging you, Senpai! Isn't that great?
Masaya: I guess...
It's probably a difficult position for a father to be in, so I owe him for handling this in such a mature manner.
Mashiro: He also said he's going to teach you everything about making udon, starting with the right amount of flour.
Hm?
Masaya: You said he's acknowledging me? Sounds more like he's trying to bring me into the family...
Mashiro: I'll let you work out the details with him!
Mashiro: What you want to be is up to you. I'll be the wife of an udon chef who married into the family, the wife of an office worker, or even the wife of a professional Skywalker.
Masaya: All of those seem a little out of my reach at the moment.
Also, all of those seem to have one thing in common for Mashiro...
But that's not something I mind. I'll do my best to find something that works for both of us.
Mashiro: Senpai, Senpai!
Masaya: What now? You spot some cute pets at a pet shop or something?
Mashiro: Hehehe... Nope, just wanted to call out to my boyfriend.
Masaya: ......
I can feel myself blushing, so I look away, flustered.
Mashiro: Senpai, Senpai!
She tugs at my sleeve.
Masaya: I'm not falling for your tricks, Mashiro.
Mashiro: I just wanted to say something to you. Thanks for keeping our promises...
Masaya: Huh?
Hearing something I least expected, I turn and look back at her.
Mashiro: The first, helping me win a match. The second, bringing Misaki-senpai back to FC. And together, helping me defeat Misaki-senpai.
Mashiro: I probably wouldn't have managed on my own. I only won thanks to your help.
She's right, but...
Masaya: I'm in the same boat, Mashiro. I couldn't have pulled it off without you. It was our combined effort that made it all possible.
Masaya: And that's how it'll always be. From now on, we'll always be a team.
We'll assist each other, hand-in-hand, no matter what hardships we face.
That's the kind of relationship we have.
Masaya: So you don't have to thank me. Helping you is the natural thing for me to do.
Mashiro: Still, it's good to show gratitude. So thank you, Senpai.
Masaya: I guess I should too, then. Thanks for keeping our promises, Mashiro.
We both bow our heads and...
Masaya: Haha...
Mashiro: Hehe...
We look each other in the eye and start laughing. Yeah, that was <i>definitely</i> a little embarrassing.
Mashiro: So with that said, it's time for us to put in some effort.
Mashiro moves the conversation forward with that.
Masaya: Uh, in what way?
Mashiro: Our schedule for the day, duh. We'll go to the movies... No, wait, we'll eat lunch first before that, then go shopping, and after that, we'll check out that pet store you mentioned.
Masaya: Listen, Mashiro, there are only so many hours in one day.
Mashiro: And after all that, you'll whisper sweet nothings into my ear, gently lead me along, and surprise me with a present or something!
Masaya: What kind of fairytale date is this? Like, what sort of present do you want from me, anyway?
Mashiro: Hm... Your last name? How about that?
Masaya: That'd be a little <i>too</i> much of a surprise...
Mashiro: I was just kidding. You already have a very important mission to carry out today. Namely, taking me to all those places!
Masaya: So you <i>were</i> serious about that?
So she does want that present too, but she's putting it on hold. Guess I'll keep on the lookout for something else to get her for now.
Mashiro: Okay, so first up we have...
We haven't even decided on a place to go, but Mashiro's already walking on ahead. She really can't contain her excitement.
I can't see her face when I'm walking behind her like this...
But even so, I know she's beaming with joy.
Mashiro: Let's go, Senpai!
★: Mashiro Route -- End
August has already come and gone, but it still feels like summer in Kyushu.
Today's a real scorcher, and it just so happens to be the first day of our school as well.
It's September, so it's time for the second semester to start at Kunahama.
Asuka: Masaya-san!
We're finally done with classes.
And as soon as we are, Asuka practically flings herself toward my seat.
Asuka: I can start practice again today! I can start practice again today!
Masaya: There's no need to repeat yourself, Asuka.
Asuka: I'm just so happy that I don't have to hold back anymore! I <i>finally</i> get to fly again!
Asuka: Let's start practice right away!
Masaya: Sure... But before that, Asuka...
Asuka: Yes?
Masaya: You know that Rika's practicing with us now, right?
Asuka: Yes, of course I know that. Why?
Masaya: If you notice anything at all, just let me know, no matter what it is.
Masaya: Show me through actions if you need to. I give you permission for anything.
Asuka: U-Uh, okay...?
Asuka doesn't seem to understand, but I move on anyway.
Masaya: Well, let's get to practice. C'mon!
Asuka: R-Right...
Asuka: And so...
Asuka takes a deep, emotional breath.
Asuka: I'm coming back to practice, starting today!
Everyone: Yaaay!
Misaki: Yaaay!
Mashiro: Yaaay!
Madoka: Yaaay!
Rika: Yaaay!
Asuka: This is going to be great!
Misaki: I'm surprised you actually listened to Masaya and didn't show up once.
Mashiro: Knowing you, it must have been really hard staying away.
Asuka: Oh, it was. But I knew seeing you all practice would make me want to join, which would make my injury worse. Luckily...
Madoka: Hm?
Asuka: Coach gave me a ton of DVDs. I used a stool to do some stairstepping and work out my legs as I watched them.
Misaki: DVDs... from Masaya... Hold up...
Mashiro: The contents of them must be far too abnormal for us to even imagine...
Rika: A-Abnormal...?
Asuka: Th-They weren't!
Masaya: Why do you always go out of your way to make me look like a perv?
Misaki: Well, I mean, you are, Masaya. I'm just speaking the truth.
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on</i> you're making me sound like a total scumbag! The only things on those disks were FC matches!
Asuka: I watched them all to train my mind. It kind of felt like I was practicing inside my head, so staying at home didn't feel all that bad.
Rika: You were practicing... inside your head?
Asuka: Yes! It was so satisfying!
Rika: Asuka-san, you're... sort of incredible.
Asuka: Huh? How so?
Misaki: Hahaha, she's right. You're insane, Asuka.
Misaki claps Rika on the back while laughing.
Masaya: Asuka, you had a wrist injury, so I'm going to keep you away from any actual matches for now.
Asuka: Okay.
I'm probably going too easy on her, but better safe than sorry.
Masaya: We'll start with field flying, same as always.
Everyone: Okay!
Rika: Okay!
Asuka: Okay!
Misaki: Okay!
Mashiro: Okay!
Asuka: ......
Asuka stands beside me, staring up at everyone else while they practice.
Masaya: How does being back at practice feel?
Asuka: It's amazing! I focused on the basic strength training you taught me while I was away, so I feel like my form's more stable than ever!
Masaya: I see. Maybe this was a blessing in disguise, then.
Madoka: There's a silver lining to everything, huh?
Asuka: I guess so.
Asuka mutters as she looks back toward the field.
Asuka: Ngh...
Hm?
Asuka: Ngh...
Asuka's fidgeting.
Masaya: You okay?
Asuka: U-Um, well... that move Rika-chan and Mashiro-chan are practicing...
Masaya: Hm? Oh, that one.
Rika charges in at Mashiro headfirst, pushing her toward the water.
It's the Suicida.
I've been having them study the technique as part of our anti-Kurobuchi plan.
Asuka: Um... Uh... Um...
Asuka's still fidgeting.
Madoka: What's up? Need to use the bathroom?
Asuka: No, um, that's not it...
Asuka fixes her gaze on me.
Asuka: We're practicing that for if we have to face people who play dirty, right?
Masaya: Yeah.
Asuka: So you're assuming we'll have to face Kurobuchi-san, then?
Masaya: Yeah.
Asuka only beat Kurobuchi because she was disqualified, and Rika's never even played her.
So no one's <i>actually</i> lost to her, but...
Masaya: If you lost to a Speeder, you'd wanna practice taking on Speeders, right? Not only does working on your weaknesses make you physically stronger, but it also makes you mentally stronger.
Going into a match thinking, "I've conquered my weaknesses" rather than just, "I <i>have</i> weaknesses" can lead to a completely different outcome.
Masaya: For better or worse, Rika can't move forward unless she defeats Kurobuchi.
Personally, I'm fine with just ignoring her.
But this is a hurdle Rika wants to transcend.
Asuka: Is that so?
Masaya: Yeah. I know it sounds a bit melodramatic, but it's the plain truth.
Asuka: Oh no, I think you're right. U-Um...!
Asuka suddenly raises her voice.
Masaya: Wh-What's up?
Asuka sort of curls up, drawing in a deep breath...
Asuka: I'm going to the calligraphy club!
Masaya: The calligraphy club?! Wh-Why?!
Asuka: See you later! FLY!
Masaya: H-Hey!
Asuka flies away before I can stop her.
Masaya: I feel like I've inspired her somehow, but...
Why is she going to the calligraphy club? I don't get it.
Asuka: I'm back!
Masaya: Hey. Gonna tell me why you flew off now?
She's also changed out of her practice gear into her flight suit.
Asuka: I have a friend at that club, and they let me borrow their calligraphy paper, pen, and ink.
Masaya: Uh, cool, but what does calligraphy have to do with anything?
I've never had the urge to indulge in that hobby.
Asuka: I'm going to use them to make a declaration of intent!
Masaya: A what now?
Asuka spins around on the spot.
Asuka: Rika-chan!
She yells up toward the field.
Rika: Huh...?
Rika stops practicing and descends toward Asuka.
Rika: What's wrong?
Asuka stomps her feet on the ground, drawing herself up to full height as she thrusts a letter out toward Rika.
Rika: ...Huh?
Rika freezes in confusion.
Mashiro: What's going on?
Misaki: Weeell, what's all this?
Everyone's crowded around Asuka.
Masaya: What'd you write?
I walk around Asuka to get a look at the front of the paper.
Masaya: ...Huh?
The calligraphy is pretty bad, but...
Asuka: It's a letter of challenge!
I see...
I never would've guessed this was why she flew off.
Rika: ...What does that mean?
Rika tilts her head, clearly confused.
Misaki: She's challenging you to a duel. It's time for a showdown!
Rika: ...Huh? Hm? Huh? You mean... Whaaat?! I have to fight Asuka-san?
Misaki: Mashiro...
Mashiro: I'm putting 500 yen on Asuka-senpai.
Madoka: 'Kay, I'm putting 300 on Rika-chan.
Masaya: Hey, don't start betting on them.
Asuka: It's not trying to start a fight! I just want to have a FC match with you, Rika-chan!
Rika: Y-You do?
Rika glances over at me.
Masaya: Well, why not?
Rika: Wh-Whaaaaaat?!
Rika: A-Are you sure about this, Masaya-san?
Masaya: You've finished warming up, so there's nothing stopping you.
Rika: W-Well... I suppose you're right...
Masaya: Asuka seems to have made a full recovery. Plus, I thought you wanted to face her?
Rika: Yes... I'm not entirely sure what's going on, but I'll happily take Asuka-san on.
Asuka: Don't be happy! This is a challenge! A duel! A fight!
Hm?
Asuka: Well it's not a fight, but it is a fight!
I finally make out the look in Asuka's eyes.
Oh, I get it now.
Masaya: Okay, once Rika's changed into her flight suit, we'll start the match.
Madoka: Hm, you sure you should be letting Asuka-chan play a match on her first day back?
Masaya: I tested her a bunch and she seems to be back to full strength. It should be fine.
Misaki: You're saying if someone begs and screams, you'll let them do whatever they want, huh?
Mashiro: That's some useful information.
Masaya: I wouldn't let them do anything, but I <i>definitely</i> won't stop them from practicing more.
Misaki: Ugh, boring!
Mashiro: Right?
Masaya: Okay, let's start the match. I'll be the second for both of you, but I won't give any actual instructions. Rika, Asuka, head over to first.
Asuka: Okay. FLY!
Rika: Take off!
The two of them say their activation keys, then fly away.
Masaya: Misaki, can you be the referee?
Misaki: Sure.
Masaya: Hold on, Misaki.
I call her over.
Misaki: Sup?
I lower my voice.
Masaya: Go easy on any rule violations.
Misaki: Hm, you sure? Shouldn't I be stricter than usual, since this is Asuka's first day back and all?
Masaya: No, don't worry about that. Rika won't do anything too rough.
Misaki: Well, okay... Ah, hm...
Misaki stares over at the two girls hovering near first.
Misaki: May as well let Asuka do what she wants...
Masaya: Exactly. I'm counting on you.
Misaki: 'Kay. Ready furr liftoff...
Misaki says her activation key.
If I'm right about what Asuka intends to do, then she's trying to help Rika.
Though, I've gotta say, it'll be a pretty rough lesson.
Masaya: (Why's everyone here so damn stubborn.)
I smile wryly.
Misaki: So, like, I'm gonna be the ref.
Asuka/Rika: Thank you.
Asuka: Thank you.
Rika: Thank you.
Asuka turns toward Rika with a confused expression on her face.
Asuka: Rika-chan, why are you practicing here instead of Takafuji?
Rika: Well... I wanted to broaden my horizons by taking in new sights here at Kunahama.
Asuka: Wow, how diligent!
Rika: I thought I would get stuck in a rut if I only practiced at Takafuji, so I took this chance to join all of you.
Asuka: Are you sure that isn't just an excuse?
Rika: Huh? What other reason could I have?
Asuka: I'm just wondering if you actually came here for FC at all.
Rika: Huh...? Why else would I be here?
Asuka: For Masaya-san, maybe?
Rika: Huh...?!
Asuka: I was just thinking, maybe you're only here because you want to spend more time with Masaya-san... Am I wrong?
Rika: Y-You are! I came here to practice, I swear!
Asuka: You mean you're using practice as an excuse to see Masaya-san, right?
Rika: Th-That's not what I said at all!
Misaki: That's enough, Rika-chan. We don't wanna delay this match too long, yeah?
Rika: Asuka-san is the one who's acting strange.
Asuka: Huh? Really?
Rika: Why are you playing dumb?!
Misaki: Who cares. Just stop talking already.
Rika: Okay.
Asuka: Understood! Let's stop our chat here, Rika-chan.
Rika: ...Asuka-san.
Misaki: Aight, let's start. Ready, set...
Rika: ......
Asuka: ......
Misaki: Go!
The two of them start at the exact same time.
Asuka's an All-Rounder, while Rika's a Speeder.
Normally, Rika would score the first buoy touch, while Asuka would jump to the second line to wait.
Asuka: La la la...
However, Asuka glides forward along the line instead.
And she's humming to herself happily as she does.
Rika: Ah...!
An All-Rounder's initial velocity gives them the advantage on the first line, but they'll be left in the dust by line two or three.
Asuka: ...Here she comes.
Rika is gradually approaching Asuka, who's ahead of her.
Once she's about level with Asuka's shoulder, Asuka turns to face her.
Asuka: You're so fast, Rika-chan.
Rika seems kind of angry as she turns to face Asuka.
Rika: I <i>am</i> a Speeder... Huh?
Asuka stretches out an arm to block Rika.
Asuka: Got you!
And she manages to touch Rika's shoulder.
Rika: Eek!
The two of them are pushed away from each other by the recoil, but having initiated the touch, Asuka regains her form first.
And despite her momentarily ruined form, the recoil has pushed her further ahead, so she hasn't lost any speed.
On the other hand, Rika got sent backward, which means she's slowed down considerably.
Rika turns towards Misaki, who's refereeing.
Rika: Foul play! She cheated!
Misaki: Huh? What?
Rika: She just cheated!
Contact on the first line is forbidden. That's the most basic rule of FC.
Rika: Asuka-san touched me.
Misaki: She did?
Rika: <i>Of course</i> she did!
Misaki: Well, I didn't see anything, and I doubt she did it on purpose, so I'm just gonna let things continue.
Rika: What...?
I've been watching in silence, but I choose to finally speak up.
Masaya: Rika, there will be times when the referee won't stop play because of a rule violation. You need to focus on the match when that happens. There's no point complaining.
Rika: ...Understood.
Asuka comes to a halt in front of second and turns around.
Asuka: Um, Rika-chan!
Rika: What is it?
Asuka: Do you mind if I touch this buoy? Or should I let you do it?
Rika: Ngh! Please, go ahead.
Asuka: I'll move over to the second line, then.
Asuka uses the recoil from touching second to start heading down the second line.
Rika: ......
Rika jumps over to it as well and starts chasing Asuka down.
Asuka: Oh, you're right on my tail, huh? Well, I doubt I can beat a Speeder in a race, so...
Asuka starts up a Scissors to get into a position to touch Rika's back.
Rika: ......
Rika slows down in an attempt to be more careful.
Normally, when your opponent tries to use Scissors or a similar maneuver, you fly as fast as possible to shake them off.
That's also what Speeders excel at, but the incident on the first line has Rika playing scared.
Asuka: Let's have a dogfight, Rika-chan.
Rika: No!
Asuka: You've left me no other choice, then.
Asuka stretches out both arms like a stag beetle's pincers, tempting Rika toward her.
Rika: Ah...!
Rika slows to a crawl.
All Asuka's doing is threatening to use the pincers on her. I've already taught Rika how to deal with it, so this should be no sweat.
Things have been going great during practice, but her diligent personality still shows itself at times like this...
Asuka: Here I come!
Asuka does a rotation in the air through a sharp-angled High Yo-Yo, aiming to get behind Rika's back.
Rika: Ah...!
Rika's lost her composure. She's lured forward by Asuka's movements, which exposes her back.
Rika: Aaah!
Rika uses the force from being touched to dive into a Low Yo-Yo and head toward third.
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka, matching Rika's timing, also heads toward the buoy.
Asuka's movements are so smooth that it's hard to imagine she hasn't practiced in such a long time.
Masaya: Rika! Asuka's chasing your back! If you go straight for third, you'll be in trouble!
Rika: Ngh!
I know what's on Rika's mind right now.
The memories of Asuka's match with Kurobuchi, and how Asuka got concussed.
The sight of Kurobuchi chasing after Asuka from behind, arms and legs spread out to pincer her.
Rika: Ah!
Rika leans forward and flies toward the underside of the buoy.
Seeing this...
Asuka: I'll just take the buoy then.
...Asuka says that and slowly touches the buoy, using it to soar down the third line.
Rika: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Rika's shoulders heave.
Rika: I understand.
Masaya: Understand what?
Rika: Asuka-san's acting like Kurobuchi-san to help me... right?
Masaya: In a way, yeah, but I bet it's a little different from what you think.
Rika: What do you mean?
Masaya: Asuka isn't just copying Kurobuchi, she's becoming her.
Rika: She's not copying her... but </i>is</i> her...?
Masaya: Kurobuchi tries to provoke her opponent with words to make them uneasy, to plant fear in them to gain the upper hand. She does it all to win, and that's what Asuka's doing now.
Rika: ......
Masaya: She's come to understand Kurobuchi's inner workings, so she's not just copying her on a surface level. You've been preparing to face rough opponents, right?
Rika: ...Yes.
Masaya: There was nothing wrong with how you were practicing, but now that you're afraid, you can't put what you've learned to use, can you?
Rika: ...I can't.
Rika's reply is tinged with frustration.
Masaya: Listen, this is what Kurobuchi's style is all about. You've prepared yourself for it, but you still get caught up in it.
Rika: ...What am I supposed to do?
Masaya: The answer to that question is the playstyle you wish to have, Rika. And it's the playstyle I want to teach you.
Rika: Huh?
Rika looks over at Asuka, then looks back to me.
Masaya: To have fun while you're flying. To enjoy FC.
Rika: E-Even in situations like this?
Masaya: Of course.
Rika: But my opponent's a cheater! How am I--
Masaya: That's what makes it fun.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: There are people out there who are so desperate to score a win that they'll resort to cheating. Don't you think it's fun facing people with such strong desires?
Rika: ...I don't understand.
Masaya: Playing against opponents who are passionate about something is fun.
Rika: I think I get that, but...
Masaya: They use fear and panic to try and win, but if you understand that and can still face them, it's fun. Playing FC is always fun, no matter your opponent.
Rika: Masaya-san... You're incredible. Do you really feel that way?
Masaya: ...I don't.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: If I did, I never would have quit FC... But you kept playing even after meeting someone like Kurobuchi. That means you have what it takes.
Rika: I do...?
Masaya: Having fun is about being proactive while you play, taking in the fear and unrest and still moving forward. You can do that, Rika.
Rika: How can you be so sure?
Masaya: Because I've watched you, Rika. I've seen how much you love FC. Doing something you love is always fun, right?
Rika: Y-Yes.
Masaya: I get that you hate foul play, but that's part of FC. The more things you love, the more things you enjoy.
Rika: ...Right.
Masaya: I think you can learn to love all aspects of FC, Rika.
Rika: Right!
She gives me a firm nod.
Asuka: Um...
At this point, Asuka slides into our conversation.
Asuka: Uh, listen... you set your headset to broadcast to me, too.
Masaya: Oh...
Asuka: You're so passionate, Coach!
Masaya: Knock it off! You're embarrassing me!
Asuka: You were so cool... So, can we end the match here?
Masaya: Sure. I think you got your point across, Asuka.
Asuka approaches Rika.
Asuka: I'm sorry for being so mean, Rika-chan!
Rika: Whoa, Asuka-san...!
Asuka's bow is really deep, to the point where I'm worrying about her poor spine.
Asuka: If I told you in advance, I didn't think it would have done much good...
Rika: Thank you so much!
Now it's Rika's turn to bow deeply to Asuka.
Rika: I now know that the way I've been going about FC is all wrong. My thoughts are too single-minded.
Asuka: No problem! If you have fun and fly just like you do in practice, I'm sure you can beat anyone, even Kurobuchi-san!
Rika: Yes! At least, <i>now</i> I think I can win.
Misaki: Man, Asuka was getting so carried away that I started getting scared...
Asuka: Huh? I was? But I thought I was taking it pretty seriously...
Rika: If you were serious about what you said back there, then you're heading in a bad direction...
Asuka: N-No, no, no, no! That wasn't what I meant! I was just trying to say things to throw you off!
Asuka: A-Awww, please say something, Masaya-saaan...
Masaya: Well, uh, I think private matters are best sorted out in private...
Asuka: Why would you act all mature now?!
Rika: Hehehe, I know you didn't mean it... Thank you, seriously.
Asuka: U-Um, Rika-chan?
Rika: What is it?
Asuka: You don't, um, hate me now, do you?
Rika: Hehe, well, that depends on how you act from here on out... I guess?
Asuka: N-No way!
The first practice session in our second semester has proven to be a very valuable experience for Rika.
Though it <i>does</i> feel like she's holding some sort of grudge, so I decide to just make my escape.
I mean, what else can I do, really?
Masaya: Now that you're all here, there's something I'd like to say... Something I've been hiding.
This is our first after-practice meeting of the second term.
And so, what better time to clear the air.
Asuka: You have? What is it?
Misaki: Maybe he's been judging us based on the size of our boobs this whole time?
Madoka: Venti, grande, tall, short...
Masaya: What is this, Shitoubucks?! And for the record, I'm not judging any of you on your boobs!
By the way, Shitoubucks is a chain of coffee shops here in Shitou City.
I seriously doubt they got permission to use that name. I smell a lawsuit coming.
Mashiro: Huh, so then every time I talk, you mentally tag me as a short caramel macchiato? That's so cruel!
Misaki: Don't you think lattes feel more booby?
Madoka: Booby latte... Sounds kind of kinky, doesn't it?
Asuka: Do you think I'd be a venti or a grande?
Madoka: Tch... Straight to the top two options, huh? Oh, how great it must be to win the genetic lottery.
Asuka: Huh? I'm just asking...
Mashiro: Winners just don't understand, do they?
Madoka: They really don't. How sad that we have to continue our lives as a tall and a short.
Masaya: ...So, do you think I can get to the point already?
This is getting out of hand...
Everyone: Fiiine!
Asuka: Fiiine!
Misaki: Fiiine!
Mashiro: Fiiine!
Madoka: Fiiine!
Silence at last.
Though I know it won't last long. In fact, I'm sure things'll get noisier than ever after my next announcement...
Rika: ......
The other person involved with it looks nervous as well.
But I know we need to say this now, or it'll just complicate things down the line.
Masaya: (Screw it. Here goes nothing!)
It's now or never!
Masaya: Rika and I are dating!
Masaya: ......
Masaya: ...Huh?
Didn't expect this.
I expected them all to go nuts and bombard me with questions.
But everyone's just strangely silent. What the hell?
Misaki: Um, Masaya?
Misaki speaks up, unable to take the silence.
Masaya: Yes, what is it?
Misaki: Is that all you were hiding?
Masaya: Well, yeah...
Misaki: Oh...
Misaki's shoulders slump. She's clearly disappointed.
Masaya: Um, so guys, what's--
Madoka interrupts me.
Madoka: Uh, like, sorry, but... we all knew.
Masaya/Rika: Whaaaaaat?!
Masaya: Whaaaaaat?!
Rika: Whaaaaaat?!
Somehow, we're the most surprised ones in the room.
Masaya: But I didn't even tell anyone!
Madoka: You didn't need to... It was pretty obvious.
Mashiro: Seeing you together in the clubroom was more than enough.
Misaki: I mean, you two always stayed behind together, or you came up with reasons to practice late...
Masaya: Well, yeah, I'm Rika's coach.
Misaki: But you also stare at her the whoooooole time she's flying.
Masaya: Ugh...
Madoka: You always look at her while she's warming up too.
Masaya: Aww...
Mashiro: You stare at her while she's resting as well. You should see the grin on your face, Senpai.
Masaya: G-Give me a break already...
Goddammit!
Now I look like an idiot for thinking it was ever a secret!
Asuka: Um... actually, I sort of had an inkling myself.
Masaya: Wait, seriously?!
Asuka: It was just a hunch, but seeing the way you two act around each other, I figured it might be true.
Rika: So then, what you said during the match...
Asuka: I-I'm sorry! I just wanted to see how you'd react...
What the fuck.
Like, what the actual fuck.
Do they have any idea how hard it was to say that? They're making all my work worthless!
I should be happy that no one's taking it poorly.
But this is kind of a letdown...
Rika: I'm sorry that I ended up in a relationship with your coach.
Misaki: Oh, that's fine. You can take him.
Madoka: Just lend him to us when you have time.
Mashiro: I'm fine with you keeping him forever.
Asuka: I hope the two of you will be happy!
That's what I'm talking about. Asuka's genuine response almost bringing me to tears notwithstanding, of course.
Masaya: Well, I guess we'll move to the main topic, then.
Misaki: Huuuh? Isn't this the part where we get to interrogate you?!
Madoka: Yeah, give us the deets!
Masaya: Are you trying to kill me?!
I'm gonna have to be <i>really</i> careful. It'd be a disaster if they got any dirt on me.
...Probably.
Masaya: Right, so about the fall tournament.
We're going to decide on our goals for the fall tournament now.
Due to everything that happened over summer break, we haven't really had a chance to go over it yet.
Masaya: I was thinking now's a good time to decide on our main goals.
I write "Make the top four" on the whiteboard.
Asuka: The top four, huh...?
Misaki: That's pretty tough.
Mashiro: At this point, I feel like I've lost already.
Madoka: Hm, having an ambitious goal is all well and good, but don't you think this is a bit <i>too</i> much, Coach?
Masaya: Look closer.
I point to the text above "Make the top four."
Misaki: Huh? There's something <i>really</i> tiny up there.
Mashiro: Hm... I can't read it. It's too faint.
Rika: Oh, I see it! It says "including Takafuji"...?
Misaki: Huuuh...?
Mashiro: What...?
Madoka: Hm...
They don't seem to like this.
Misaki: I mean, we <i>did</i> practice together, so in a way, it kinda feels like we're the same club...
Mashiro: This still feels like cheating.
Madoka: You're the kind of guy who'd back all the horses in a horse race to keep yourself from being a loser, huh?
Wow, rude much?
Masaya: Look, I have an actual reason for this.
Misaki: Explain.
Masaya: As you all know, the Kurobuchi incident has kept Takafuji from practicing for quite a while.
Mashiro: But that's all done now, isn't it?
Masaya: Yeah, <i>now</i> being the key word there. That doesn't change the fact that they've had less time to practice.
And less practice usually leads to worse results.
Sure, things like a week of specialized training can help people compete, but that's not the case here.
Practicing less in general, or not at all, harms a person's ability to play.
And there wasn't much time between the summer and fall tournaments to begin with, so it's made things hard for them.
Rika: I'm sorry... This is all my school's fault...
Misaki: Oh, come on, it's got nothing to do with you, Rika-chan.
Asuka: She's right, this isn't your problem!
Rika: But--
Mashiro: It's fine. We just have to work together now.
Masaya: Yeah, like Mashiro said, that's what we're gonna do.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Masaya: There will be no "Takafuji" or "Kunahama" at this tournament. I want us to work together.
Tackling this separately will just lead to all of us exposing our weaknesses earlier.
So this time, and this time alone, we'll work together. That should help us achieve the results we desire.
Misaki: ...I get it.
Asuka: It all makes sense... We can share our hardships, and get through it with the power of numbers!
Mashiro: In that case, I think aiming for the top four makes sense.
Madoka: It's decided, then!
Rika: ...Yes!
Masaya: Good. This is our target for the next tournament!
And so, the Kunahama FC Club has decided on a goal for the fall tournament.
There's less than a month before it begins, so this should help raise morale.
All that's left to do is train up everyone's techniques, thought processes, and mental fortitude as much as possible.
There's a mountain of things we have to do, but I believe it'll turn out well.
Satouin: ...You never fail to come up with the most interesting of ideas.
Masaya: Should I take that as a compliment?
Satouin: Partially, perhaps. Honestly, I'm somewhat dumbfounded.
Masaya: Sorry.
Satouin: Schools are allotted a fixed number of entrants per tournament, so simply having more students doesn't give us an advantage.
Masaya: You're correct.
Satouin: However, it will be most stimulating for us at Takafuji, and give us another good opportunity to observe players from other schools.
Satouin: ...I believe this joint objective between our schools to be a good idea. Thus, I, Satouin, president of our club, approve of it.
Masaya: Thank you very much.
Satouin: However, simply agreeing upon on a joint goal is no fun at all. I require something more...
Masaya: I had a feeling you'd say that.
Satouin: Huh?
Masaya: So, now that we've agreed on a joint goal, I'd like to suggest that we hold another joint training camp.
Satouin: ......
Satouin: You <i>have</i> thought this through, then.
Masaya: I'll take that as a half-compliment again.
Satouin: By the way, how is Ichinose-san doing?
Masaya: Oh, she's doing great. I think she might place pretty high at the fall tournament.
Satouin: What wonderful news... Though, at this rate, she might get too comfortable around you and never return to Takafuji.
Masaya: Th-That won't happen.
Satouin: Ohohohoho, I'm merely joking.
That didn't sound like a joke to me...
Satouin-san's face immediately shifts back to a serious one.
Satouin: ...We do need that girl here at Takafuji. I'll be sure to bring her back after the fall tournament.
Masaya: Yeah, I figured that'd be a good time too.
Satouin: I wonder what Ichinose-san will be able to teach us upon her return, after having received your guidance, Masaya Hinata.
Satouin: I'm looking forward to it.
Masaya: I'm looking forward to it as well.
Though I feel it's better to say she's learned from everyone at Kunahama.
Well, that aside, I'm real interested in how things will turn out when it's Rika's turn to do the teaching.
Maybe I'll have Satouin-san let me observe it in secret. Though, I feel Rika wouldn't be too happy about that.
Masaya: Okay, I should get going.
Satouin: My, leaving so soon? You really did only come here to discuss that matter, then.
Masaya: Yes... There's still one more person I have to speak to.
Satouin: Hm...?
Aoi: I see. So you'll be trying to make the top four alongside Takafuji, huh?
Masaya: Yes.
After talking to Satouin-san, I report our decision to our advisor, Aoi-san.
Honestly, this is what I'm most worried about. Sure, we have our reasons, but we've basically lowered our initial goal.
I'm fully prepared for her to reject the proposal.
Aoi: Okay, good luck. Come see me if you ever any need help.
Wait, what? She's accepting our decision far more easily than I ever could have imagined.
Masaya: Aoi-san.
Aoi: What?
Masaya: Is that all? Really?
Aoi: Like I said before, there's nothing else for me to say. This is your decision, Masaya.
She doesn't seem angry at all.
If anything, she seems to truly believe in her answer.
Aoi: You said that you felt something similar to you in Ichinose when you decided to coach her, right?
Masaya: Right.
Aoi: Have you saved her?
Masaya: I'm still in the process... but I think I'm helping her, at least.
Aoi: I see. That's good to hear.
Masaya: I...
Aoi: Hm?
Masaya: I still remembered what you did for me, Aoi-san.
Aoi: Did something bad happen? You can always come to me if something's wrong.
Yes, it all started back then.
And so, I can never forget those words Aoi-san said to me.
But now, I want to repeat them to someone else who's stuck in the same place I once was.
Aoi: ......
Aoi: You still remember all that?
Masaya: Yes... It's too bad I wasn't able to accept your offer.
Aoi: Don't worry about it. Neither of us were being honest with ourselves back then.
Masaya: But--
Aoi: You're only qualified to help Ichinose because of how things turned out, right?
Aoi: ...That makes it all okay.
Masaya: ...Right.
I pathetically brushed aside the hand that Aoi-san painstakingly extended toward me.
I kept my problems bottled up because of my pitiful pride, and before I knew it, I'd lost my place to belong.
So, if there's anything I can do, I'll do it.
Because I don't want Rika to end up like me.
Aoi: Nothing is ever pointless in life.
Aoi: ...I feel like you taught me that today, Masaya.
Masaya: I did...?
Aoi: Yes, you've grown. Far more than I have, even.
Masaya: Oh, I, uh... don't know about that...
I know she's referring to something specific, just not what.
Aoi: You show consideration for the weak, both with Ichinose and now your joint goal with Takafuji.
Aoi: Only people with experience and innate kindness can do that.
Aoi: I think it's a wonderful thing.
Masaya: ...Thank you very much.
Honestly, I understand what Aoi-san is saying, but I'm not sure if I'm as capable as she says.
Still, I agree that I've grown. At least now I can see value in things other than winning.
Aoi: Maybe I should be taking teaching lessons from you.
Masaya: Y-You're going <i>way</i> too far, Aoi-san.
Aoi: Haha, I'm counting on you, Masaya.
Masaya: Sheesh...
Masaya: So yeah, everyone agreed.
That evening, I tell Rika about how everything went.
Apparently both of her parents will be home late, so I've been allowed in her room despite the time.
Rika: I see. Satouin-senpai did too...
Rika smiles when I tell her about Satouin-san.
Masaya: Come to think of it, I never did ask you, Rika.
Rika: Oh?
Masaya: What kind of person is Satouin-san?
Rika: Senpai is, hm...
Rika: It's hard to describe her, but she's a very considerate person.
Rika: Naturally, this means she's very popular. And she always shows concern for everyone's wellbeing, so our club members love her.
Masaya: Yeah, I get that.
Rika: There is one thing I dislike about her, though.
Masaya: Oh, what's that?
Rika: Senpai always uses "-san" when referring to anyone younger than her. I know she isn't an arrogant person, but...
Yeah, she definitely comes off arrogant at times.
But I know her well enough to know that isn't true.
Rika: It makes me a bit sad sometimes, thinking about how she's keeping a distance between us all. Though, I suppose I might just be overthinking things.
Masaya: Right... You're so diligent, Rika, I bet she's never gotten angry at you.
Rika: Yes, the most I've gotten is a light scolding.
Masaya: I'd kinda like to see that happen. Her getting mad at you, I mean.
Rika: ...That would be terrifying.
Masaya: Yeah, I can see that.
I can imagine the underclassmen bursting into tears at the sight of such an imposing girl flying into a fit of rage.
Hm, maybe she knows that, which is why she tries to remain calm at all times?
Rika: Um, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Yeah?
Rika: I'm really happy about our goal.
Masaya: Yeah... I didn't want whatever we decided on to stress people out.
Rika: This goal isn't stressful at all.
Masaya: Glad to hear that.
Rika: Right...
Rika: You've taught me so many new things, Masaya-san. I'm glad I've finally realized that not everything is about winning or losing.
I didn't come up with a joint goal for any special reason.
I just wanted to lower the pressure on my players' shoulders.
If other good things happen as a result of that, then perhaps I really have grown.
Masaya: (Is this what you meant, Aoi-san?)
I really do wonder...
Though I'm sure I won't get a real answer for a while.
Rika: So, what should we do next weekend, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Hm...
We've decided on a goal for the tournament, and adjusted our training schedule accordingly.
However, though Takafuji's agreed to a joint training camp, it hasn't actually started just yet.
And that means we have a very small gap in our schedules.
Masaya: Rika, tomorrow's Sunday.
Rika: Yes, it is. What about it?
Masaya: ...Wanna go on a date?
Rika: Yes, a date. Of course.
Rika: ......
Rika: WHAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!
Masaya: Why are you so surprised?
Her reaction would've been more appropriate for a plot twist like, "Shindou-san was a girl all along" or something.
Rika: I-I mean, you're talking about going on a date! The t-two of us will be alone, in public!
Rika: Oh! Perhaps what you <i>really</i> meant to say was a double date--
Masaya: It'll be just the two of us.
Rika: Aww...
Masaya: If you don't wa--
Rika: P-Please wait a moment!
Rika cuts me off.
Rika: Could you just give me five minutes?!
Masaya: S-Sure. Take as long as you need.
Rika: Thank you. Please wait a moment!
Rika stops me in my tracks and whips out her prized laptop.
That's the one she uses to update her blog, right?
Hm, I think this is the first time I've seen her using it in front of me.
We spend most of our time together talking, so she's never really had a reason to use it before.
Rika: Now I can go without making any compromises!
Rika's dead serious.
She's staring at the screen so hard that I'm starting to get curious.
Masaya: What are you looking at...?
Let's take a quick peek...
Rika: Wh-What do you think you're doing?!
Rika gets angry and forces me back into my seat.
Masaya: Huh? Oh, sorry...
Wait, why'd I apologize? I didn't even do anything wrong!
Rika: Sheesh... You mustn't! A girl's laptop is filled with indescribable secrets!
Uh, what? It is?
But that just makes me wanna look more...
What's she writing?
Masaya: (Maybe it's about me?)
Thinking about it too hard will give me a migraine, so I better stop here.
Rika: Hm... There aren't any big events going on tomorrow.
Masaya: That's perfect.
Whenever big events happen on this island, flight areas get restricted.
Rika: It doesn't seem like we'll have any issues going to Iron Mall... If anything, it should be relatively quiet.
Masaya: Hey, wait, you've already decided we're going to Iron Mall?
Rika: Yes... If that's fine with you, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Oh, sure...
There's nothing <i>particularly</i> wrong with that, I guess?
It's just, we're finally going on a real date, but she wants to go somewhere we've been already... Seems kinda lame, you know?
Rika: Let's enjoy ourselves!
Rika runs her hands over the mouse and keyboard like a pro.
It's weird how good she is at this, when you consider how much trouble her internet connection was giving her at one point.
Rika: All that's left is checking the weather...
Rika: Yay, perfect! It's supposed to be sunny tomorrow!
Rika's serious expression has been gradually softening.
Masaya: So, um...
Rika: Yes?
Masaya: You still haven't actually given me an answer.
Rika: Ah!
Rika's eyes widen as she realizes her mistake.
Rika: W-Well, I mean...
Her expression is more serious than I've ever seen.
Rika: I'd love to. It would make me the happiest woman in the world.
She finally answers.
Masaya: That settles it, then. Wanna head out at ten?
Rika: Okay!
Masaya: Well, guess I should get home and rest up.
I stand up, and am about to head to the door, when...
Rika: Masaya-san.
Rika stops me in place.
Masaya: Hm?
Rika: I'm <i>really</i> happy you asked me on a date... I love you.
Rika: So, good night!
Masaya: N-Night...
I'd been planning on having Sunday be a day off, anyway.
Too much practice kills motivation, especially in the cases of Misaki and Mashiro.
I'm just glad that Rika's even more happy about my invitation than I thought.
Masaya: "I love you," huh?
Masaya: Holy shit... How do three simple words hold so much power?
Masaya: It's hard to keep myself from grinning like a fool... Gotta try and sleep.
The next day.
The skies are as clear as Rika said.
Masaya: The weather's perfect...
Normally, I'd say this is perfect weather for FC, but not today.
The clock has finally hit ten.
Masaya: Okay... Let's go!
I kick my tense body into action and walk out of my house.
Rika: Good... morning.
Rika's already waiting outside.
She isn't wearing her uniform today.
Masaya: Morning.
Rika: I'm kind of nervous.
Guess we're in the same boat.
Masaya: Haven't we met in front of our houses like this before?
Rika: We have. And coincidentally, we were going to the same place...
Rika: But today's not a coincidence, is it?
Masaya: Nope.
Today's the first time we've arranged to go somewhere together in advance.
This is all so new, which makes it exciting.
Rika: Let's get going.
Masaya: Yeah.
Masaya: I'm kinda surprised.
Rika: About where we're going?
Rika checked online, then said she wanted to go to Iron Mall, which is where everyone always goes.
I'd considered it a possible option, so I didn't object, but I can't say I expected it either.
Masaya: Yeah, we can go to Iron Mall whenever.
Rika: W-Well, I... do have a reason.
Masaya: You do?
Rika: I-It's a secret. I... can't tell you yet...
Masaya: O-Oh, okay...
I wonder what it could be?
Before long, we arrive at Iron Mall.
It's Sunday, so there are families all over the place. Plus, there are also some other couples around.
There's a show based on a popular kids' anime going on in the lobby, meaning it's crowded with people.
The booth for lost children is already taking action, with a store attendant desperately trying to soothe a sobbing girl.
This is just like every weekend at Iron Mall.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Now, where'd Rika run off to?
There are multiple reasons that I'm looking around the mall.
Number One: The moment we got here, Rika ran off on her own. (She said: "Please wait right there!")
Number Two: She hasn't come back yet. (She never even gave a timeframe, actually.)
Number Three: There's nothing else I can do to kill time. (All the stores I'm interested in are on the second floor.)
Masaya: Maybe she wanted to pick up something from a nearby store?
No, she would've just asked me to tag along if that was true.
Left with nothing else to do, I kill time people watching.
Rika: Masaya-san!
Rika finally returns, completely out of breath.
Rika: I'm sorry I made you wait so long!
Masaya: Oh, it's fine, but what got into-- Oh!
Bags full of piping hot chicken swing from each of Rika's hands.
Masaya: You... went to buy those?
Rika: Yes!
She gives me an incredibly cheerful reply.
These bags are from a different store. Instead of "Chickenlicious," they say, "TLC: Tendies, Love, and Care."
Even ignoring that terrible pun, this does seem to be different from what we had last time.
Masaya: This isn't the same chicken, huh?
Rika: Yes, they have a new shop today, and I really really wanted to try it!
Rika's so happy about this chicken that you'd think she's talking about clothes or jewelry.
Masaya: Is this why you wanted to come to Iron Mall?
Rika: Y-Yes...
She mutters, clearly embarrassed.
Rika: I couldn't admit that my main goal was this fried chicken, so...
Masaya: So you suggested we come here for our date.
I don't mind that she wanted this fried chicken, but it is a rather odd match for her personality.
Rika: B-But this fried chicken really is amazing!
She thrusts the bags in front of my eyes.
Rika: It's a famous store in Furuya City that's apparently every bit as good as the ones in Nakatsu City! It always gets four or five stars on yelp!
Rika: Apparently it has a more mature, sweet and salty taste, but the owner keeps the sauce a secret. This is its first time appearing in Shitou City!
Rika: Knowing all that, I was <i>super</i> interested in checking it out, and when I found out they were opening a store here, I knew I just had to come, so when the chance came to do it with you, I just...
Rika finally notices the dumbfounded expression on my face.
Rika: A-Aww... Ahem!
Rika: A-Anyway, have a bite!
Rika holds the bag out toward me.
Masaya: Sure, thanks...
This is all <i>way</i> too familiar... Regardless, I grab a piece of chicken and pop it into my mouth.
Masaya: Oh... This is good.
The sauce is much richer than it was last time, to the point where I feel like I'm getting addicted already.
The meat tears off the bone easily too, which enhances the experience. I get why people line up for this.
Rika: Right? It's great!
Still, no one would expect her to be in that line...
I'm sure she stuck out like a sore thumb.
Masaya: It is great, but...
Rika: Yes?
Masaya: Rika, like...
The pieces of the puzzle all start coming together.
She looks up fried chicken joints online, she has plushies of cows, pigs, and chickens in her room...
Her specialty dishes are pork stew, pork saute, and stir-fried liver...
There's only one possibility.
Masaya: You... love meat, huh?
Rika: Ah...!
The wing Rika's raising to her mouth freezes in the air as she begins trembling.
An expression of grief washes over her face as she holds that awkward, yet impressive, pose.
Rika: You... figured me out?
I mean, it was kinda obvious...
Masaya: It's fine, just eat already.
Rika: Oh, okay!
Rika finally drops the chicken into her mouth.
Rika: Mmmmmmmmm!
A delighted smile forms on her face.
Rika: Haaah...
And immediately following that, she looks dejected.
What an odd girl.
Rika: I knew you'd figure it out eventually, but I thought I could keep it hidden for a little longer...
Masaya: It was pretty obvious.
Rika: Masaya-san... Is it wrong that I love meat?
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: Well, I mean, it's strange, isn't it? For someone to love meat this much...
Masaya: I don't really think so... I love meat too.
It's a little unusual to be this obsessed, but not unheard of.
I don't judge her for it, anyway.
Rika: Wh-What a relief!
She looks really, <i>really</i> happy right now.
Rika: I didn't know what I'd do if you thought it was strange!
Rika: This is such a relief. Plus, knowing that you love meat just as much makes me so happy!
Rika: Right, why don't you try one of these salted win-- Wait, Masaya-san?
Rika goes off into her own little world and starts rambling again, but she suddenly stops once she notices the expression on my face.
Masaya: You know, Rika...
Rika: Y-Yes...?
Masaya: You're a real airhead at times. It's adorable.
Rika: Ah...!
Rika trembles as she slams her body into me.
Masaya: Hahaha, sorry.
I apologize, but she doesn't stop.
Rika: Ugh, this is embarrassing... It's so embarrassing...
She keeps repeating to herself.
Rika: We sure bought a lot.
Masaya: More than I thought we would, even...
I'm just glad we managed to fit everything in one bag.
Now, all we have to do is separate our stuff when we get home. Being neighbors sure comes in handy.
Masaya: So, is this the shop we're going to next?
Rika: Yes, that's the one. If we walk straight...
Rika points directly ahead.
According to the map, it's only a few hundred meters away, so we should arrive soon.
Rika and I walk by the arcade.
Rika: ......
I'm holding our bags, but Rika is staring at it as we walk.
Masaya: Hm? What, wanna get something out the bag?
Rika: Oh, no, that's not what I was thinking.
Rika: Shouldn't I carry some of our stuff too?
Masaya: Nah, it's cool.
It's not all that heavy, so I'm good.
Rika: No, um... I mean, I'd like us to hold it together.
Oh...
Masaya: That's what you mean? Sorry.
Rika: You don't have to apologize.
Now that I realize what Rika means, I temporarily let go of the bag.
Then, I link it between our held hands.
Masaya: ...Is this what you wanted?
Rika: It is.
Seems I did the right thing, since Rika's aiming a beaming smile at me.
Rika: It feels like we're a real couple now. I love it.
Masaya: Yeah, same.
We hold hands all the time.
But this slight change is enough to make it all feel new and exciting.
Rika: I've always wanted to try this.
Masaya: Yeah... I know what you mean.
I start thinking about how incredible it is to have a girlfriend. Even small, inconsequential things like this make me stupidly happy.
But now that we're at this point, I have the urge to go further.
Masaya: Rika... There's something I'd like to do.
Rika: Oh? Sure.
Masaya: I want to change the way we're holding the bags.
Rika: You do?
Masaya: Yeah... Let's try this!
Rika: Ah...!
I link my fingers with Rika as I hold her hand.
Now we're holding hands just like they do in the movies.
Masaya: ...If you wanna say something, go right ahead.
Rika: No, I'm good... Hehe...
Masaya: Maybe we should stop.
Rika: Huh? But we just started... Let's stay like this a bit longer.
Masaya: If you laugh again, I'm stopping.
Rika: Sheesh, I won't laugh. It's just...
Rika: I'm so happy right now.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Kinda feels like you've got me totally whipped, Rika.
Rika: Hehehe, you're just imagining things!
Rika: And now we're home.
Masaya: Man, time flies when you're having fun.
Rika: It sure does.
We continued shopping for a while, then had some tea while chatting.
And before we knew it, it was evening.
"Time really flies when you're having fun."
That phrase feels truer than ever today.
Masaya: Do you wanna talk through our windows later?
Rika: Oh, actually, do you still have time today?
Masaya: Huh? Yeah, I've got nothing planned.
Rika: Then there's something I'd like to ask of you...
Rika's request is a simple one.
She just wants me to watch her practice.
We've flown the whole way home together, but something feels special about us practicing now.
We change into our practice gear, then once again take to the starry sky.
Masaya: That's it, stabilize both your legs... Go slowly.
Rika: Okay!
I support Rika's back as I check her form.
Masaya: Don't move your arms to fix your balance. Shift your center of gravity to keep yourself stable.
Rika: Understood!
We do our regular practice session, then continue our date by flying further than normal.
Rika: Have you ever been to that mountain over there?
Masaya: Yeah, I used to go play there all the time. There's a lighthouse that looks real beautiful.
Rika: ...Shall we go take a look?
Masaya: Sure, let's go.
Rika: ...It's been ages since I've had this much fun.
Rika suddenly mutters those words as we're flying around.
Masaya: You talking about our date?
Rika nods.
Rika: I've spent so long working at Takafuji...
Masaya: Well, yeah, but you must have gone out with friends and stuff, right?
Rika seemed to get along with the other members of her club during practice, so I assumed they were friends.
They didn't seem to faking anything, at least.
Rika: I have, but I've always put the club first in my mind.
Masaya: I see...
I thought she was getting along with her friends at Takafuji, but maybe that's not the case?
Actually, I don't think that's quite right.
Even when she hangs out with her friends, because this is Rika we're talking about, she probably ends up unconsciously putting up a filter.
So I guess having someone like me, who she can just be herself around, is really important to her.
Rika: I used to have friends like that.
Well, this is a surprise.
Rika's had a lot of chances to tell me about her past, but she's choosing this moment for whatever reason.
She said she didn't wanna talk about it until she was ready, so I never pressed the issue.
Though, that doesn't mean I wasn't curious.
Masaya: At the last school you were at?
Rika nods.
Rika: I told you I lived in Kanoshima, right?
Masaya: Yeah.
Rika: I had great friends there. Maho-chan, Suzu-chan, Akina-chan... We played FC together at Kirishima Central Academy.
Rika: And we still keep in contact, so we're all still friends.
Masaya: Oh, so when you said "everyone" before, you were talking about your friends from Kirishima?
I recall the word slipping out of her mouth and her trying to play it off back when she'd first started practicing at Kunahama.
Just now, I manage to work out that she was thinking of her friends from Kirishima Central.
Rika: Yes, that's right... Back then, I wanted to show my friends how hard I could work.
A happy smile forms on Rika's face.
But it soon clouds over.
Rika: ...There is one thing that still bothers me, though.
Masaya: What's that?
Rika: I had one more friend back in Kanoshima who was really important to me. A girl named Sacchan.
Rika: ...She was the one who introduced FC to me in the first place.
Masaya: Did she teach you?
Rika nods.
Rika: Yes. She taught me all about the sport of Flying Circus, and we practiced together every single day.
Rika: We went our separate ways when it was time for us to move schools, but at that moment, we made a promise.
Masaya: Oh?
Rika: It was one of those silly, childish promises. We said we'd continue playing FC, and someday meet again in the skies.
Rika: She's probably forgotten all about it by now, since this was several years ago...
Rika: I'm probably the only one who's still thinking about it even now.
I see...
Rika's a hard worker. She's the hardest worker I know, even.
But at her core, she's a lot like me.
Rika: Hahaha, this is all pretty lame, isn't it?
Rika mocks herself with her laughter.
I keep my expression still, listening to her in silence.
Masaya: Not at all.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: The past is important. It can trap you, but it can also save you.
I know that a person's past can be so harsh that they don't want to ever speak of it.
However, I also know that the promise Rika made with her friend is something precious.
Masaya: Honestly, hearing about your past has just made me fall in love with you all over again.
Rika: ......
Rika's expression makes it clear that she's struggling to remain calm.
Masaya: I love how much you value the past.
Rika: Masaya-san...!
Rika calls my name.
It looks like she's about to burst into tears...
Rika: Mmm... Mmmph...
I pull her into a tight hug, then kiss her as we hover in the air.
Tears stream down her face, dripping onto mine.
Masaya: Rika... Rika...
I rub my cheeks against hers as if to wipe away the tears.
I want to show her that I'm willing to wipe away all of her tears, no matter when or where.
Our lips press together and our tongues intertwine as I attempt to soothe her with a kiss.
Rika: I love you... I love you so much... Masaya-san...
Masaya: Mmm... I love you too...
Rika: I love you... I love you... I love you...
Inside her brave exterior sits an incredibly lonely girl.
One that simply doesn't move, no matter who calls out to her.
She'll say that she's fine, but no one can tell if that's true.
Hopefully, I've finally managed to reach her.
Since now, I'm in a place where I can reach out a hand to stroke her head, and tell her everything is going to be okay.
Rika: Masaya-san... I'm so glad you're here.
Nothing particularly dramatic has happened, and no intense calamity has befallen her.
But that's exactly why nobody's reached out a helping hand to her yet. They all thought she was fine.
She was so good at hiding her feelings that no one thought it was even necessary to help.
And that's why I've decided to put her before everything.
From now on, I'll do everything for her.
What is an honor student? What does it mean to be a good girl? What is a genius? How can you say possibly say someone's been blessed?
There are tons of things in this world that you can't understand until you're right beside them.
The two of us continue to kiss, and seemingly melt together.
You could even say we're getting to know each other all over again, understanding the pasts that brought us to this mutual present.
We can understand each other through more than just words.
And so, our kisses drag on endlessly.
After our date, we return to my room.
I sit down on the bed. Instead of sitting beside me, Rika plops herself down between my legs.
She has a habit of snuggling up to me whenever we're alone.
It's pretty damn adorable.
I stroke her head and rub her shoulders as the two of us look through a fashion magazine.
Masaya: Say, I was gonna get you a present, Rika. What do you want?
Rika: Hm...
Masaya: Mmm...
Rika: Mmmph, mmm, mnnn, mmmph... Hehehee...
Masaya: No, kisses don't count.
I couldn't stop myself after the look she gave me.
Rika: I think I'd be happy with anything you gave me, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Come on, don't just say that. There must be something.
Rika: I just mean I'll be fine with whatever you buy. As long as you keep me in mind and think it over carefully, I'll be the happiest girl in the world.
Rika: Just imagining you doing that makes my heart all fluttery...
Masaya: Suddenly, picking out a present for you has turned into the hardest task in my life...
Rika: I might even mention it on my blog.
Masaya: You don't have to announce it to the whole world...
Rika: Hehe, I was only joking.
Rika pokes her tongue out mischievously.
Rika: Is there something you'd like, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Hm...
I think about it carefully.
But as do, I see the fashion magazine.
Masaya: ...You'd look good dressed up as Santa in a mini skirt.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: Or a policewoman, a nurse, a businesswoman in a suit... Even a chairman with red-rimmed glasses.
Rika: Um, what are you talking about?
Masaya: You're incredible, Rika. I think you'd look good in anything.
Rika: Oh, you're dressing me up inside your head, aren't you? Sheesh, all I did was ask what present you'd like.
Masaya: Yeah, that's the whole point! There's literally no better present!
Rika: So this is what you're into, huh? I can sort of understand the appeal of cute uniforms, I suppose...
Rika: I see... I see.
Masaya: It's almost weird how okay you are with all this.
Rika: Oh, I was just thinking that I should keep that in mind before I settle on a job.
Masaya: Don't base your life on that...
Rika: But you're already the most important factor in all of my decisions, Masaya-san. I'll do anything to make you happy.
I'm happy to hear that, but she <i>really</i> shouldn't be basing her career on my fetishes...
Masaya: You already do tons for me, Rika.
Rika: But it's not enough. I don't feel satisfied.
I get the feeling that I should drop this topic before I do any serious damage to her.
...I've got it!
Masaya: Do you mind listening to my biggest request of all?
Rika: Your biggest... O-Okay, if it's something I can do, I <i>definitely</i> will!
The day of the tournament is drawing near.
It's three days away, whether we like it or not. We'll have to lay it all out on the table soon enough.
We've been practicing our hearts out, honing individual techniques and competing in practice matches.
And in one such match...
Asuka forces her way into Rika's path as she's flying at full speed while trying to throw in a feint.
Asuka: I'm aiming for your head!
Rika: I won't let you!
Rika tries to shake off Asuka with a Low Yo-Yo.
Asuka: Take this!
Asuka shoots past her, as Rika had intended, but...
Rika: Ngh, nghhh...
Pants leak from Rika's tightly closed lips.
Asuka: Huh?
Rika forces her body to twist upward, suddenly dropping in speed as she shifts from a descent into a climb.
Asuka: Wh-What?!
Rika's speed may have dropped, but regaining her form has given her a huge burst of speed, allowing her to easily pass over Asuka's head.
Rika: Yeah! I made it!
Masaya: Nice! That was perfect!
Rika: Thank you so much!
Asuka: Aww, she totally beat me!
Rika: I did it! I think that's the first time I've ever managed to get past Asuka-san like that.
Masaya: Now that you mention it, you might be right.
Asuka: That's not true at all. You've passed me loads of times, haven't you?
Rika: Well, yes, but not in the same way.
It's not like Rika's never gotten past Asuka before.
But it was always through force. Overwhelming her with speed was her only viable strategy.
This is probably the first time she's actually managed to successfully use a feint.
And it wasn't just luck. All of Rika's hard work has finally paid off.
And not just hers, but everyone else's as well.
Everyone's help has made her improve leaps and bounds.
Masaya: Okay. Rika, return to the buoy. Asuka, you wait for her nearby. Let's take it from the top one more time.
Asuka: I won't let you pass me this time!
Rika: I'll do my best to get through!
Satouin: Is everything proceeding well?
Masaya: Huh? Oh, it's you, Satouin-san. And Shindou-san, too.
Shindou: Hey, how's it going? We came to see how they're doing.
Masaya: You came to see Rika, right?
Satouin: Well, she hasn't been showing up at Takafuji. We do trust you, but we still wish to remain informed.
Satouin: I trust she's not causing any problems?
Masaya: No problem at all. It's the same as always around here, really. We all value her presence a lot.
...She keeps the clubroom nice and tidy, so how can we even complain?
Not that I'm about to say that. They might start doubting our motives if I do.
Satouin: Really now? You're not lying to me, are you?
Masaya: I wouldn't lie about something like that.
Satouin: Oh, well that's good.
Shindou-san smiles.
Shindou: Satou-kun can be rather overprotective.
Satouin: M-Me, overprotective? H-How preposterous!
Satouin-san is so embarrassed that she forgets to call him out on not using the right name.
Satouin: I simply need to ensure that Ichinose-san is representing Takafuji well.
Shindou: That counts as overprotective, if you ask me.
Satouin: No, I'm telling you that--
Masaya: You came at the perfect time. Rika's flying right now, so why don't we go see how she's doing?
Satouin-san clears her throat.
Satouin: ...That sounds wonderful.
Satouin: ...Ichinose-san has improved quite a bit.
Shindou: Yeah, I agree. You can really see how far she's come. It's incredible.
Satouin: Indeed, she's gotten much better at regaining her form. Even more forced movements don't cause her to lose speed anymore.
Shindou: Well, color me impressed. Think you could tell me what kind of magic you used?
Masaya: There was no magic involved... If you're looking for a reason, I guess you could say this is all thanks to Kurobuchi.
Satouin: <i>Kasumi</i> Kurobuchi?
Satouin-san's face clouds over.
Shindou: What do you mean?
Masaya: Well, we shouldn't be thanking her or anything, but Rika's been giving it her all and practicing to face rougher opponents like Kurobuchi.
Shindou: Oh, I get it.
Masaya: Good.
Satouin-san shakes her head in exasperation.
Satouin: Would you mind explaining things to me before deciding that everything is clear?
Shindou: Playing rough in FC is all about being unafraid of losing your form while using techniques designed to destroy your opponents.
Satouin: Thank you for your thorough explanation. So, you're saying that in training to play against rough players, you learn how to restore your form as fast as possible?
Masaya: Exactly. I noticed that myself while making them practice.
Shindou: So that's the secret to throwing in feints without dropping your speed... It all makes sense now.
Masaya: That's not all, though. Her situational reaction speed has also gotten faster.
Satouin: I suppose that is thanks to the same training as well?
Masaya: That's right. What should I do? What's the current situation? What about my opponent? How far is it to the next buoy? Even when your form gets destroyed, you need to have a handle on all those questions.
Making even the slightest mistake can lead to your opponent racking up consecutive points.
We started training like this out of necessity, but surprisingly, though fortunately, it comes with a lot of benefits.
Shindou: We made the right decision, letting Ichinose-kun come here.
Satouin: We did. She probably wouldn't have grown this much if she had stayed at Takafuji, as much as I hate to admit it.
Satouin-san's expression stiffens, despite the smile on her face.
Satouin: However...
Masaya: What is it?
Satouin: Have you managed to train her mental fortitude?
Shindou: That's her biggest weakness.
Masaya: Unfortunately, not everything comes so easy.
Satouin: ...Indeed.
Moments of surprise or foul play tend to make her weakness prominent.
Masaya: But...
Shindou: Yeah?
Masaya: Unlike before, she knows her weakness.
Shindou: Right. Other people may have pointed out her weakness in the past, but I doubt Ichinose-kun knew why it was a weakness in the first place.
On the surface, she may have understood that her overly-diligent personality was a weakness, but she never knew why.
Perhaps her diligent personality, or rather, the chains on her heart, stopped her from ever thinking of that.
But things are different now.
Masaya: I think her encounter with Kurobuchi helped her change.
She truly realized what happens when she gets confused, or what happens when she gets angry.
Masaya: Asuka's been forcing Rika to face her weakness during their practice sessions lately, so I think she's come to fully understand them.
Satouin: You say Asuka Kurashina is doing this?
Masaya: You probably already know this, but when Asuka gets serious, she's real scary.
Shindou: I see. So Ichinose-kun finally understands...
Masaya: I think she's facing up to them now as she practices.
If she isn't, there's no way she'd be practicing so hard.
Satouin: At this point, it's just a matter of seeing how far she can take it in a match, correct?
Masaya: Yeah, but we won't know that until the tournament actually begins.
The best players in practice matches can turn out to be completely average in tournaments.
In baseball, they call them bullpen aces. They're players who do great in practice, but suck out on the field. Being able to draw out your full potential in a real match separates the strong from the weak.
Shindou: ...I can't wait to see Ichinose-kun play a real match.
Shindou-san suddenly turns to face Satouin-san.
Shindou: I think we should get going.
Satouin: Huh? Whatever for? We came all this way, so we should go and see Ichinose-san--
Shindou-san smiles once more.
And it's at this point that Satouin-san realizes why he's asking to leave.
Satouin: ...You're right, it is our duty to watch over her.
Shindou: I'm glad you understand.
Satouin-san looks up at the field like she wishes she could stay and help.
Satouin: ...I do understand.
Then, she turns around to face me with a snap.
Satouin: ......
She glares at me sharply.
Masaya: Wh-What is it?
After a while, she bows deeply.
Satouin: Allow me to ask you to take good care of Rika Ichinose one more time.
Masaya: Y-Yes, ma'am!
Shindou: Hahahaha, you're like a mom giving their daughter away for marriage, Satou-kun.
Masaya: Please don't joke about that stuff.
Shindou: Still, that's what it feels like for us.
Is he warning me not to do anything funny, or saying he trusts her in my hands?
Probably both to be honest.
Masaya: ...I know. I'll take care of her.
That's a promise.
In fact, I'd already decided long ago to do just that.
Today's practice is over, but Rika and I have stayed behind to get some more work done.
Real matches are right in front of us, so we want to do everything we can to ensure we have no regrets.
I bellow into my headset.
Masaya: Up!
Rika: Yes!
Masaya: Down-right!
Rika: Yes!
Masaya: Accelerate!
Rika: Yes!
Masaya: PUT YOUR BACK INTO IT!
Rika: YES!
Rika flies according to my instructions as we repeat the drills over and over again.
It takes time for anyone to put oral instructions into practice.
Unfortunately, that's unavoidable because it takes time to process information after it reaches your ears.
For example, when I instruct Rika to move her arms, that information has to move from her ears to her brain, where it's then processed and moved along to her arms.
If we keep on practicing her moving as soon as she can after my order, we'll be able to tighten that window.
If we can add fast reaction times to Rika's already quick speed...
Then she'll become a pretty damn strong player.
If you can regain your form quickly, then there's nothing scary about a dogfight. If you can react quickly, then it becomes easier to give your opponent the slip.
If you can keep your cool no matter what an opponent tries against you in a dogfight, then you can use your speed to outdo them.
Just keep accelerating without worrying about what to do if you're stopped in your tracks.
That's the ideal form for a Speeder.
Rika: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Masaya: Okay, we'll stop here for today.
Rika: I can still continue!
Masaya: No. Overexerting yourself leads to injuries.
Rika: ...You're right.
I pass Rika a drink as she descends and turns off her Grav Shoes.
Rika: Thank you very much.
Masaya: You were really great out there. I bet you can compete for a top spot at the tournament.
Rika: ...You really mean that?
Masaya: I do. What, you don't believe in yourself? Don't you feel like you've improved?
Rika: I do, but... Um, well... being complimented by you is... quite embarrassing... Hehehe...
Rika lets out an adorable little giggle, but then suddenly stiffens up.
Masaya: ...Rika?
Rika: ......
I turn to see what she's looking at.
Arms, legs, torso, neck...
They form a grotesque silhouette that's hanging above in the sky.
Kasumi: ......
Sweat starts to form on the palms of my clenched fists.
Masaya: Kasumi... Kurobuchi.
Rika: ......
Kasumi: ......
The corners of Kurobuchi's mouth start to curve up as she stares at Rika.
Kasumi: Heh heh...
She scorns her with her laugh, her presence.
Masaya: Why are you here?!
I call out to her, but she just continues to stare at Rika.
Kasumi: I thought I owed you an update.
Masaya: What kind of update?
Rika: ......
Kurobuchi corrects her posture before she answers that question.
Kasumi: Thanks to my exemplary conduct, I, Kasumi Kurobuchi, have been granted permission to participate in the fall tournament! I couldn't have done it without you! Thank you, one and all!
Rika: ......
She doesn't look at me once. Even though she was answering my question, she continued to stare solely at Rika.
Kasumi: You can knock people out with pincers, even fracture someone's wrist, but if you really, <i>really</i> insist it was all an accident, then, well... Heh heh! It doesn't matter at all! Hahaha, hahahahahaha!
Rika: That's great.
Kasumi: ...It is?
Kurobuchi's long torso flops forward as she peers at Rika.
Kasumi: What's so great about that? Oh, do tell me, pretty please?
Her bloodshot eyes bore holes into Rika.
Rika: I'm glad you haven't been banned.
Kasumi: Heheh, heh heh heh heh heh!
Rika: ......
Kasumi: Why? Why, just why? Why would you tell such a lie? You're scared, aren't you? So, so scared of little old me that you wanna run away? Anything to avoid having to play against me, right?
Rika: I want to face you, Kurobuchi-san.
Kasumi: Oh, do you now?
Kurobuchi seems to rotate her head in place. The dark aura around her intensifies.
Kasumi: You really want to face me?
Her behavior is extremely intimidating.
Kasumi: Someone like you will be overwhelmed, left in tatters. Hehe... I'll have you begging to be spared from ever playing FC again when I'm done. I'll prove just how superior I am.
Rika: I have no interest in that. I just play with and for the people from Takafuji, Kunahama, and even Kirishima Central.
Kasumi: With them? Hm? They're all gonna come play with you? Maybe save your sorry ass? Hehe... Heh heh heh!
Rika stands firm and puffs out her chest.
Rika: I have everyone inside my heart, no matter what. That's how we'll fight together, and it's something I'll never forget again. You can go ahead and play on your own, but I'll be with everyone else!
Kasumi: Ah...!
Kurobuchi seems to draw back a little.
Though she seems to be recoiling in shock that her tactics aren't working more than anything.
I see now.
Kurobuchi may excel at getting other people to follow her lead, but she doesn't know how to deal with people who won't play along.
I doubt most people can withstand her pressure, so I bet it rarely ever happens.
Rika: Ah...!
Rika glares at Kurobuchi.
Kasumi: You were so scared of me, Rika-chan, that you've forced yourself to get all tough? How adorable.
Rika: You're just as adorable, Kurobuchi-san.
Kasumi: Huh?
Rika: There's something that's been bothering me ever since you first appeared at Takafuji.
Rika ignores Kurobuchi's provocative words and approaches her.
Masaya: Hey, Rika...
Kasumi: What is it? Gonna test your luck by hitting me?
Kurobuchi tries to provoke Rika once again.
But Rika keeps on walking towards her.
Kasumi: Hey...!
When she gets within ten meters of her, Rika stops and leans in toward Kurobuchi's face.
What the hell is she up to?
This is kinda dangerous...
Rika: I knew it.
Kasumi: Huh?
Masaya: What?
I'm dumbfounded as Rika takes hold of Kurobuchi's hands.
Rika: Sacchan!
Masaya: H-HUH?!
She suddenly uses a weird nickname as she talks to Kurobuchi.
Wait, Sacchan? Isn't that...?
Rika: I had one more friend back in Kanoshima who was really important to me. A girl named Sacchan.
Rika: ...She was the one who introduced FC to me in the first place.
Right, Rika <i>did</i> mention a friend she had back in Kanoshima who she'd been separated from years ago.
Is she saying that's Kasumi Kurobuchi?
I don't know how Kurobuchi was in the past, so maybe I don't have the right to judge, but she seems far from the image of the kind girl who taught Rika how to play FC.
Kasumi: Ah...!
However, Kurobuchi is evidently disturbed.
She hasn't denied it, so...
Masaya: The two of you are old friends, huh?
That's the only conclusion I can come to. As a famous detective once said, "Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth."
Rika: I told you, right? That we'd meet again in a tournament.
Rika <i>did</i> mention that she'd promised to meet her friend "Sacchan" in an FC tournament.
Which means that, in a strange way, they've fulfilled their promise.
Rika: ...But I don't understand. Why do you play like you do, Sacchan?
Kasumi: ......
Kurobuchi remains silent.
Kasumi: Ah...!
Kurobuchi seems to compose herself, eyebrows raising as she releases a sharp breath.
Rika: Ah...!
Then, she shakes free of Rika's hands.
Kasumi: Heh heh heh...
Kasumi: You'd remember <i>now?</i>
Kurobuchi smiles derisively, combing a hand through her dark hair.
Rika: That means you remember, Sacchan!
Kasumi: Me? Haha, don't be absurd. I have no need to remember.
Rika: Huh...?
Kasumi: I've never forgotten anything...
The smile finally fades from her face. The scorn and derision, gone from her expression. But in its place...
...is regret. Pain. Frustration.
Kasumi: Because the only reason I still play FC is to defeat you.
I've never seen Kurobuchi look like this.
Rika: No way...
Kasumi: Oh, is that a surprise? It makes total sense to me, personally. Maybe you'd understand if you tasted the despair of realizing the girl you trained to play FC is far more talented than you.
Rika: No, it can't be...
Kasumi: I've always been jealous of you.
Masaya: Ah...!
My chest starts to ache.
Kurobuchi... is traumatized like me...
Rika: But... you were always so good at FC, Sacchan. I've always wanted to be like you!
Kasumi: Please, don't make me laugh. Why would a girl who became a regular in her freshman year at Takafuji look up to me?
A frail smile appears on Kasumi's face.
Rika: Sacchan...
Kasumi: Don't call me that. It's a dumb nickname.
I imagine she has to force that thin smile to keep herself from exploding. That's what makes her scary.
Sadly, I know <i>exactly</i> how that feels.
Because I was same as her once.
Kasumi: Haha! Hahahahahahaha!
Kurobuchi's laughter isn't to threaten Rika this time. Instead, she's using it to protect herself.
And the sound alone makes my chest to throb with pain.
Kasumi: "Kacchan makes you sound like a boy, but Sacchan is cute, so let's go with that!" God, it's so damn childish. I get sick to my stomach just thinking about it.
Kurobuchi slams her palm against her chest.
Kasumi: My parents divorced, so I changed my name!
Then, she scowls at Rika.
Kasumi: The way I fight has changed too!
And finally, she leans in toward her.
Kasumi: How can you keep those pure, innocent memories when everything else has changed?!
Rika: ......
Rika lowers her head.
Kasumi: If we happen to meet in the tournament, I'll do everything in my power to crush you.
Rika: ......
Kasumi: Hehehe, haha, hahahahaha! I'm going to be ever so cruel to you. I'll destroy all those precious memories you hold so dear!
Kurobuchi's back to normal now.
For a moment, I hoped that Rika's memories would act as a key to help her.
But obviously, that didn't work out.
The corners of Kurobuchi's mouth once again turn upwards, forming a sneer.
Kasumi: Heh...!
And that sinister aura begins emanating at the exact same time.
This must be so painful for Rika.
Masaya: Rika...?
Or so I thought, but her expression is still firm.
Rika: You haven't changed.
And then...
Rika: You're still so cute, Sacchan. You haven't changed at all from back then!
Kasumi: You're still going on about that crap? Just give it a--
Rika: You're cute, Sacchan. I mean it! You're really, <i>really</i> cute!
Kasumi: Look, I--
Rika: YOU'RE ADORABLE!
Kasumi: Just sto--
Rika: Adorable, I say!
Kasumi: STOP IT!
Kurobuchi finally loses her cool.
Kasumi: Hehehe. Haha, hahahahaha! This is how you plan to turn the tables? How pathetic. That'll never work!
Rika: ......
Kasumi: That's enough... I don't care what you're thinking, or what you intend to do. I only care about one thing.
Rika: ......
Kasumi: I <i>will</i> crush you... I'll make it so you never wanna look at FC again.
Kurobuchi drags her feet along the ground as she backs away from us, only turning to walk away when she's built up a considerable distance.
Masaya: And there she goes...
I watch her back until she vanishes, just to make sure.
The way she walks makes it clear that she's ready to dodge an attack from behind at any moment.
And that makes me realize she lives in a state of constant tension and paranoia.
It hurts... Feels like I'm staring at myself in a way, even.
Rika: Haaah... Aaah!
Rika breathes a sigh, then suddenly staggers.
Masaya: Whoa, careful.
I rush to support her.
Rika: I suddenly feel all dizzy... Hahahahaha, Sacchan's really intense.
Masaya: The way you handled her was incredible.
Rika: Oh, you think so?
Masaya: Totally. Can't believe you drove her away by calling her cute.
Rika: Well, I was just being honest. She's just hiding how cute she is behind the way she acts and talks.
Rika clenches her fists.
Rika: That's why I need to remind Sacchan how fun FC can be.
Masaya: Right...
Rika looks up at me and smiles.
Rika: I'm confident now. I can face Sacchan in the sky, I know it.
Masaya: Not just her. You can play against anyone, Rika. Give this tournament all you've got.
Rika: I will!
Rika nods, and I feel a newfound sense of strength coming from her.
She might actually be able to put up a fight now. Against both Kasumi Kurobuchi... and herself.
The battle is drawing near. I gather my resolve as I await its arrival.
Announcer: The Nagasaki Preliminaries for the Fall Newcomer Flying Circus Tournament will now begin!
A voice from the speakers carries over the clear blue skies.
The day has finally arrived.
It's time to put everything we've trained for into action.
Asuka's eyes sparkle as she looks up and does a happy little jump.
Asuka: It's finally started, huh?
Masaya: Yeah.
Madoka: Doesn't really feel like it's the right weather for a <i>fall</i> tournament, does it?
Madoka's right. It's so hot it might as well be summer still.
There are lines building outside the snow cone stands, and several booths have out of stock stickers over their drinks.
Mashiro: It would've been nice if all the trees had turned gold, at least...
Misaki: Makes you wonder why they're holding another tournameownt right after the summer one.
Masaya: They're not that close. We had the whole summer break to practice, which leaves a lot of time for people to grow.
Misaki: Good point. Rika-chan's gone from a little kitty to a big cat.
Rika: Huh? M-Me?
Rika's going to look at the tournament schedule with us before returning to the guys from Takafuji.
Misaki: You've come pretty far since the last tournament, y'know?
Rika: W-Well... only because Masaya-san's such a good second.
Everyone's agreed that I'll be Rika's second during her matches.
There are a lot of loopholes in the rules for FC seconds.
This might be a remnant from when not many schools participated, but a player's second can be from another school.
That may eventually change, but rules like that are scattered throughout FC.
Other loopholes like that may even be what help Kurobuchi skate by.
Asuka: You've gotten a lot stronger, Rika-chan!
Masaya: Yeah, you have.
Mashiro: They're right. You're going to become such a good player that I won't stand a chance against you. Not that I even stand much of chance now, really...
Rika: O-Oh no... But... I have been practicing really hard, so I do hope it pays off.
Masaya: Same. Well, don't worry, I'm sure you'll be able to show everyone how much you've grown. Of course, results are important too, but that still comes first.
Asuka: Right.
Misaki: Let's break a leg out there!
Mashiro: Yeah.
Rika: I will!
Hopefully not literally...
Masaya: (Now then...)
I decide to run through the players around me one more time.
Asuka's been away from practice for a while, so she's clearly at a disadvantage. Misaki's lack of practice is undeniable. Mashiro's barely even taken off her training wheels.
I'm sure everyone from Kunahama wants to give this their best shot, but I can only really rely on Rika at the moment.
Madoka: So, what do our brackets look like?
Misaki: Hope you end up playing Satouin-san again, Mashiro.
Mashiro: I sure don't! I'd rather not play anyone who's actually good. Give me people who are like me!
Asuka hops forward and stares at the bracket.
Mashiro: Fine, let's take a look. Though, I have a really bad feeling about this...
Asuka: Oh, I found you, Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: What?! Wh-Where?!
Asuka: Right here.
Asuka points right at Mashiro's name.
Mashiro: My opponent is... WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!
Misaki: Hahahahaha... This happens to you a lot, doesn't it? At least it's someone exactly like you! You got just what you wanted, huh?
Mashiro: Well, yeah, but I can already tell this is going to get ugly, and I hate it.
Masaya: Arika Okoze, huh?
That girl and Mashiro fight like cats and dogs.
Masaya: I know this'll be tough, but you've gotta do it.
Mashiro: I know that... Ugh, first I get Satouin-san in the summer tournament, and now this? I have the worst luck ever!
Rika: ......
Rika's standing upright, staring at the bracket.
Masaya: Where are you, Rika?
Rika: I'm right next to Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: Huh? Whoa! Y-You actually are! Great, I have to face someone else I know if I win the first round!
Rika: We don't know if I'll make it to the second round.
Mashiro: You'll <i>definitely</i> win! Ugh, why is my luck so bad?! The tournament gods must hate me!
Misaki: Personally, I think they're fond of you. Like, you're their personal plaything, y'know?
Mashiro: Well I don't want to be their plaything!
Rika: ......
Rika participates in the conversation for a little bit before falling silent again.
Masaya: What's up?
Rika: Right next to my name... is Sacchan's.
Kasumi Kurobuchi.
Masaya: ...Wow.
Rika: Is this fate?
In tournaments, for whatever reason, there always seem to be players you face every single time, and those you'll never face.
It might seem ridiculous, but because of that, some things that happen in tournaments feel like fate.
And this just happens to be one of them.
Masaya: I can't say, but it <i>is</i> reality.
Rika: I've trained for this. I've trained to fight Sacchan.
Masaya: Yeah.
Rika: But now that I'm really going to play her, it feels strange.
Kurobuchi's intimidating figure flashes through my mind.
Rika: I'm... going to face her.
Masaya: If Kurobuchi gets far enough.
Rika: I'm sure Sacchan will win... I know it.
Rika mutters as if warning herself.
Asuka: As for me... Hm, is there anyone I know? Oh! I have to fight Inui-san in the third round.
Masaya: I see... I didn't really want any of us to face Inui again, to be honest.
Thanks to Asuka's injury, we didn't manage to make much progress with strategies to counter Inui.
Asuka: But I can learn so much from that match! I'm so excited!
Misaki: And as for me... Looks like I'll be up against Ganeko-san in the third round.
Mashiro: Ganeko-san, as in the girl Tanny calls big sis?
Misaki: Yep.
Mashiro: Us Kunahama sisters can't lose to them!
Misaki: I don't remember us ever being sisters, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Please try to!
Misaki: Not sure that's how it works...
Madoka: I've got a picture of the bracket on my phone.
Masaya: Great. Guess it's time to start warming up.
Rika: I'll be going back to my club for now... but I'll be back. Good luck, everyone!
Asuka: You too!
Mashiro: Same.
Misaki: Let's do this.
Before I have a chance to get annoyed by the lack of seriousness in Misaki's voice, fireworks go off to signal the start of the first match.
There's a muffled bang and a cloud of smoke.
Then, the audience bursts into cheers and applause.
Rika: The tournament's started.
Masaya: It sure has.
The fall tournament has finally begun.
The matches proceed amidst the bustling noise that's in no way inferior to that of the summer tournament. And it doesn't take long before all the first round matches are over.
Arika: Mashirooo!
Mashiro: ......
Arika: Heh heh...! I won!
Mashiro: God, shut up already. You're making me all depressed!
Arika: Hey, Mashiro, can I ask you something?
Mashiro: ...What?
Arika: So, it kinda slipped my mind, but who was it I beat in the first round again?
Mashiro: Urghhhhhhhhh! Me! It was me, okay! I lost! Now hurry back to your club!
Arika: I don't wanna!
Mashiro: Wh-Why not?
Arika: Cause I want to see the frustration on your face. It'll make my victory even more sweet!
Mashiro: You reaaally are a vile person!
I call out to Misaki, who's currently cooling down with Asuka to make sure their fatigue doesn't carry over to the next round.
Masaya: Shouldn't you say something to stop them?
Misaki: Why don't you speak up if they're bothering you?
Masaya: Just figured it would be easier if you got involved.
Misaki: No way. If I say something, their claws will get sharper.
Not sure how she arrived at that conclusion...
Masaya: But won't Mashiro get hurt at this rate?
Misaki: Don't worry, she'll be fine. Those two are just playing around. It'd be way weirder if Arika was being <i>nice</i> to Mashiro.
Masaya: You think...?
Asuka: You really believe in those two, huh Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Nah, that's not exactly right... Oh, hey, it's Rika-chan!
Rika comes trotting over us and gives Misaki a small bow.
Rika: Congratulations on passing the first round.
Misaki: You too.
Asuka: Congratulations. It was a great match.
Rika: Thank you... I thought I'd get to play against Mashiro-chan next, though...
Misaki and Rika made it through the first round, but Mashiro lost to Arika Okoze.
If Mashiro had won, she would have faced Rika next.
And now, if Rika can beat Okoze, the chances of her facing Kurobuchi in the third round are high.
Rika: Um, so that girl Mashiro-chan is talking to... She's the one who beat Mashiro-chan, right?
Masaya: Apparently they're old friends.
Rika: ...They're friends?
I guess they don't look it with the way they're fighting.
Asuka: They're just showing how much they like each other, I'm sure of it.
Misaki: I dunno...
Rika: That girl... is my next opponent, huh?
Mashiro: Oh, Rika-san!
Mashiro, having noticed Rika's arrival, suddenly points at Okoze.
Mashiro: Please say something to this girl!
Arika: Hm? Who's that?
Mashiro: Your next opponent.
Arika: Huh?
Arika gives Rika a rude stare.
Rika: I-It's nice to meet you.
Arika: Hm...
Mashiro: Rika-san's from Takafuji, but she's been training with us at Kunahama, and she's super strong!
Arika: Oh, so she's a friend of yours, is she? Nice! I'm gonna crush her too! Like, if she's your friend, she's gotta be weak.
Mashiro: That's not true! Rika-san, please, you have to say something!
Rika: Oh, um, well... say what, exactly?
She turns to look at Misaki, searching for help.
Misaki: Hm... Maybe something like, "I'm gonna send you to the fiery pits of hell, baby"?
Rika: Are you sure?
Asuka: I think it sounds cool!
Masaya: ...It does?
Rika: Um... O-Okay then... I'm gonna send you to the fiery pits of hell in the next match, baby. So, um, I'm looking forward to it.
Arika: ...How am I supposed to respond?
Mashiro: She's asking you nicely, so just agree.
Arika: To be sent to the fiery pits of hell?
Mashiro: Sounds like the perfect place for you!
Arika: It is not! Gah, this is so lame.
Okoze points at Rika with a snap.
Arika: I'm gonna crush you in our match, just you wait!
Rika: Oh, yes. I'm looking forward to it. Let's make it a good match.
Arika: Ugh... Whatever! I'm leaving!
Mashiro: And don't come back!
Arika: I'll be back after I win!
Okoze storms off.
Masaya: You handled that well.
Rika: You really think I did a good job?
Masaya: In the past, you probably would have just gotten angry.
Rika: Probably, yes. I used to let everything get under my skin before... I was so bad at dealing with being provoked.
Rika: I think training at Kunahama has helped me develop into someone who can keep calm under pressure.
Asuka: I'm glad we helped.
Misaki: But y'know, maybe you just built up a tolerance 'cause we're all crazy. You ever thought about that?
Masaya: You've got a point there.
Rika: That's not it at all. Um, I uh... Um... I-I learned a lot!
Misaki: P-Pfft... Hehe!
Asuka: Hehe, hehehe...
Mashiro: Haha, hahahahaha!
Rika's confusion is so hilarious that everyone bursts out laughing.
Rika: D-Did I say something strange?
Masaya: Not at all... Make sure you win the next match.
Rika: I will!
Rika uses her whole body to give me a giant nod.
Masaya: Mashiro lost to Okoze in a match of speed. She still has the habits she picked up as a Fighter, so there were a lot of wasted movements that spelled doom for her.
She changed styles halfway through the season and hasn't gotten a chance to fully adapt.
When she could keep up with Okoze, she kept up. When she couldn't keep up, she didn't. All things considered, maybe this outcome's a good thing.
It feels like Mashiro's almost ready to break out of her shell. She just needs that one final push...
Rika: What should I do, then?
Masaya: Today, you're using All-Rounder Grav Shoes that are tuned toward Speeder settings.
I'm working under the hypothesis that she's going to get involved in a fair amount of dogfights.
I chose these settings so that, if she does end up facing Kurobuchi, and she does need to make split second decisions, she can.
Masaya: If you can challenge your opponent to a contest of speed, you should, but your main goal is to get in front of them and engage in a dogfight.
Rika: Right.
Masaya: Okoze will probably try to challenge you to a race of speed, but if you can stop her, everything will go in your favor.
Rika: ...But if I don't, everything will go against me, right?
Masaya: No.
Rika: How come?
Masaya: The settings on your Grav Shoes will make you slower than Okoze, but you're an experienced Speeder. If you throw in some shortcuts, you can take the lead in a contest of speed.
It'll be Speeder versus Speeder, but it won't end like the match between Prez and Inui during the summer tournament.
Masaya: I think you'll either barely scrape by, or completely dominate this match, Rika.
Rika: ...I'll do my best!
Masaya: That's the spirit! Now, go out there and give her hell!
Rika: Yessir!
The match heats up on the third line.
Masaya: That's it! Keep it up, and think up ways to stop Okoze!
Rika: Understood!
Arika: Urgh! I'm not done yet! I've gotta win this! Big Sis is counting on me!
The first point was scored by Okoze when she touched second.
Rika started a dogfight on the second line, allowing her to rack up two points. Then, Okoze proceeded to touch third.
After that, Rika continued to score two more points on the third line, making the score 4:2 in her favor.
Okoze's trying to shake Rika and go for the buoys, while Rika's attempting to push down on Okoze's head. That's the way the match is running.
Arika: Shit! You're a Speeder, so cut it out already! Just race me, coward!
Rika: I'll do what it takes to win!
That's it.
She's not rising to Okoze's provocations.
The old Rika probably would have flown into a fit of rage by now.
I glance over at Okoze's second.
Mayu: ......
Looks like she's considering her instructions carefully.
This is the deciding moment.
Okoze's gotten used to Rika's playstyle. If she can slip past Rika, she might get the next few buoys.
So, before the other second makes her decision...
Arika: Ngh...
The moment Okoze pulls away from Rika to build up speed...
Masaya: Rika, go for the buoy!
Rika: Okay!
Arika: Huuuh?! W-Wait!
Okoze is slow to react and gets left behind.
Rika: Got it!
Rika successfully touches the buoy.
Now it's 5:2.
This match is ours.
Rika has control of the game, and she has momentum.
Arika: SHIT!
Rika: Ah...!
Rika's face...
She's not being negligent, she's not straining herself. It's a perfect, diligent expression for a girl like her...
But it's also the face of someone enjoying a match.
Rika: ......
If she feels that way, then everything will turn out fine.
Rika: Haaah...
Arika: Urghhh!
Rika breathes a sigh of relief as Okoze groans in frustration.
Everything went according to plan.
Rika won the match, 8:3.
Masaya: Good job.
Rika: I won-- Whoa?!
Arika: I won't lose next time!
Okoze suddenly appears from behind Rika.
Arika: I won't! I won't, I won't, I <i>won't</i> lose next time we play!
Rika: R-Right. I'll do my best not to lose either.
Arika: No! I'm gonna win! Whoa!
Okoze abruptly goes flying to the side.
Rika: Huh?!
Mayu: You're such a naughty girl, Arika.
Mayu: I do apologize for the trouble my little sister has caused. I'll deal with her punishment, so I do hope you can find it in your heart to forgive her.
Arika: P-Punishment? Please, anything but that, Big Sis!
Mayu: You get what you deserve!
Arika: You're such a sadiiiiiist!
Mayu: Now, if you'll excuse us... Let's go, Arika.
Arika: Y-Yes, ma'aaaaaam...
And just like that, Ganeko-san comes and takes Okoze away.
Rika: Th-That sure was something.
Masaya: You can say that again.
There are all types of people, I guess.
Masaya: Now then, next up is--
Rika: Sacchan, right?
Masaya: Probably...
Kurobuchi's match is next.
I wonder how she intends to play it?
I'm sure something in her past made her this way. I even got a glimpse of that during her conversation with Rika yesterday, but...
Thinking about how Kurobuchi uses negative emotions to get at people sickens me.
Masaya: Kurobuchi made it through, just like we thought.
Rika: ...Yes.
She didn't do anything that could result in a disqualification.
The worst she's done all tournament is touch her opponent on the first line in her first match, which was taken as a rule violation and cost her one point.
Rika: She hasn't done anything particularly suspicious yet, but...
Masaya: We can't say she hasn't done anything at all. Her floats still bother me.
They always seem to be in positions that benefit Kurobuchi.
It's enough to raise suspicion, but not enough to investigate.
It's likely she's controlling her floats.
But that's not the reason Kurobuchi's winning.
Her peculiar, overwhelming presence is her main weapon. And perhaps her peculiar worldview is too...
Anyone who gets caught up in that loses.
They practically self-destruct.
Rika: Why do you think she hasn't done anything dirty yet?
Masaya: She's probably saving it for you.
Rika: You think so...?
Masaya: If there's someone you <i>really</i> want to beat, then you don't want to show them your trump card, right?
Rika: That would make it harder for you to win.
Masaya: Exactly. Kurobuchi's not doing anything special here.
Rika: ...Haha! Haaah, haaah!
Rika lets out a little laugh, then pants strangely.
Masaya: What's up?
Rika: I know this is exactly what Sacchan wants, but I'm a little... scared.
Masaya: I'm not surprised. That's what she's best at.
Rika: I should try to enjoy everything about my match with Sacchan.
Rika looks at the ground for a moment...
Rika: Including that fear. Everything.
Masaya: If you really feel that way, you'll be fine.
Rika: I hope I do...
Rika's trembling slightly.
Masaya: Rika...
Rika: I'm sorry, I'll stop now.
She says that, but the trembling doesn't stop.
I have to say something to motivate her.
But as I'm searching for the right words...
Satouin: Why are you acting the part of a coward?!
Satouin-san suddenly appears by our sides.
Rika: S-Satouin-senpai?
Masaya: H-How long have you been there?
Satouin: That isn't what's important right now!
Satouin: Neither is whether you're afraid or not!
Rika: I-It isn't?
Satouin: It is somewhat, but it also isn't.
Satouin-san speaks in a forceful tone. This isn't like her.
Satouin: Listen here, I do not care for Kasumi Kurobuchi one bit. That is why I want you to crush her.
Rika: C-Crush her?
Satouin: I also know precisely how you should crush her. The most preferable method being giving her a concussion.
Masaya: B-But...
That's extreme.
Satouin: However, that is not the kind of revenge I desire.
But you just said giving her a concussion was the most preferable method. Weren't you talking about your preference?
Rika: Then, what should I do?
Satouin-san takes a deep breath.
Satouin: Why do you think people cheat? Actually, let's turn that question on its head. For what purpose do we have rules?
Rika: Rules...? Well, they're to ensure a fair competition, aren't they?
If you could use your hands in soccer, then it wouldn't be soccer. If a baseball batter could run to any base he wanted after hitting the ball, then it wouldn't be baseball.
Rules are what form sports, what keeps them fair. Rika's viewpoint isn't wrong.
Satouin: That is the conclusion, not the purpose.
Oh, right...
Satouin: Rules exist so that we may have fun competing!
Masaya: ...They do?
Satouin: Things that stop competition from being fun, like foul play, are prohibited.
Rika: ...Because they're not fun.
Satouin: Teach Kasumi Kurobuchi the fun of FC.
Rika: O-Okay!
Satouin: Make her realize that playing without cheating is enjoyable.
Good grief. I give up.
Satouin-san just came in and stole my thunder.
Rika: Understood!
Satouin: That's the spirit.
Satouin-san flashes a fearless smile.
Satouin: And in the event that you succeed... Oh, I know.
Satouin-san's hair suddenly flutters behind her in the breeze.
Satouin: I shall bequeath my "in" to you. From tomorrow onward, you shall be known as Ichinosein!
Masaya/Rika: Ichinosein?!
Masaya: Ichinosein?!
Rika: Ichinosein?!
Satouin: And I shall simply be Satou... But it is the way things should be.
Masaya: Only one person can have it at a time...?
Is it supposed to be like some sort of championship belt?
Satouin: Ichinosein... It sounds quite good. Not quite as good as Satouin, but...
Rika: I-I don't think that's a good idea.
Satouin: Oh? Please, don't decline on my account.
Rika: I doubt I could handle the responsibility that comes with the "in" as well as you can, Satouin-san.
Satouin: I see. Too bad... I'm looking forward to the match. Do your best.
Satouin: Go out there and enjoy it, Rika!
Rika: Huh?
Satouin: Is something wrong? Why are you so surprised?
Satouin-san just used Rika's first name.
Rika: D-Do you think you could repeat that last thing you said one more time?
Satouin-san snorts.
Satouin: Once you return happy, I shall say it again.
Rika: Oh... Okay!
Satouin: Masaya Hinata, I'm counting on you to support Ichinose-san.
Masaya: I'll give it everything I've got.
Satouin: ...Very good.
Satouin-san gives us a powerful smile before leaving.
And we watch her walk out of sight.
Rika: I feel like I've got my courage back.
Masaya: Good.
Rika won't be playing this match to enjoy it. Instead, her main goal is  to teach Kurobuchi how fun FC can be.
Maybe that's the exact kind of motivation she needs to resist all of Kurobuchi's negativity.
Rika: I'm going to do my best.
Masaya: I know.
It's finally time.
Rika and I go through our final checks.
Masaya: There's nothing more I can say. You just need to strut your stuff.
Rika: Right.
Masaya: Kurobuchi will try and drag you into her own little world.
Rika: And I have to stay in mine... right?
Masaya: Bingo.
I look up toward first.
Kurobuchi's already hovering around it.
Rika: She's looking at us.
Masaya: She sure is.
Kasumi: ......
Kurobuchi stares down at us.
Her mouth is curved into a sinister smile, the corners of her lips raised far higher than a normal person's.
However, despite the smile, there's no hint of joy in the eyes as they peer through her long, dark hair.
I imagine this is what a beast looks like once it finds its prey.
But this lacks an animalistic simplicity. It look far more ominous.
It's more like a witch who's found an unfortunate victim to throw into her cauldron.
If you get drawn in, if you fall behind, you'll be swallowed whole by her overwhelming intensity.
It won't matter if you're stronger than her, you'll have the tables turned on you all the same.
Rika: ......
Masaya: Remember what Asuka taught you in practice, and what Satouin-san said to you earlier.
Rika: I will!
Masaya: You can do this, Rika. Now, get out there and show her your FC... No, <i>our</i> FC!
Rika: Okay!
Rika flies off toward first.
Rika: Good to see you again.
Kasumi: Good to see you too.
I can hear their conversation through Rika's mic.
Kasumi: Um, so...
Rika: What is it?
Kasumi: What was your name again?
She goes in with a cliched line to try and get under Rika's skin.
Rika: I'm Rika Ichinose. I'm glad we get to have this match.
Kasumi: Ohhh, right. Heh! Hehehehe... I'm surprised you came here. I mean... you know horrible things are going to happen to you... Hehe! Hahaha! Hahahahaha!
Kurobuchi laughs as she stretches out her neck, then leans in toward Rika.
Kasumi: Con-cus-sion.
Referee: Please refrain from unnecessary chatter.
Kasumi: ......
Kurobuchi's upper body spins, seemingly disconnected from her spine, to face the referee.
Referee: Wh-What?
Kasumi: Nooothing.
And then, with another unnatural spin, she's facing Rika again.
Kasumi: You can always forfeit. Are you scared? You <i>are</i> scared, aren't you? Why not just run away? It's a great idea. Just ruuuuuun awaaaaaay.
Rika: I'm scared, but I'm going to have fun.
Kasumi: Is there <i>really</i> any point in trying to act tough here? Why not just run away before you get hurt? It'll be so much easier. Don't you think? Well?
Rika: I'm going to enjoy this match, so you should enjoy it with me, Sacchan!
Kasumi: Who's Sacchan? Is that the ref's name?
Rika: That's enough about names. Let's have a fun FC match.
Kasumi: Hehehe, fine. You know, I hear the moment you get concussed, haha, hahahaha... is so much fun that all your memories just float away.
Rika: Is that so?
Referee: Enough chatter! We're starting the match!
Kurobuchi once again swivels to face the referee.
Kasumi: I'm ready whenever.
Rika: Do you think I can check her floats before the match begins?
Kasumi: Ah...!
Kurobuchi remains silent as she waves her floats around.
And by doing so, she makes the special substance she's smeared over her floats vanish.
She's given up on being able to use her floats to her advantage in exchange for not being disqualified before the match even starts.
Kasumi: Heh!
Kurobuchi leans forward sharply, glaring at Rika with bloodshot eyes.
Kasumi: You worry about the weirdest things.
Rika: One must be fully prepared in order to have fun. I'd also like to check the left float as well, please.
Kasumi: Hehe!
Kurobuchi displays a mouth-splitting grin as she continues to glare at Rika and swings her left float forward.
Rika checks it, then turns back to the referee.
Rika: Sorry about that. Everything's fine.
Referee: R-Right. Good to know.
The referee is clearly confused by the way the two of them are acting, but continues anyway.
Referee: Ready, set... go!
Kasumi: ......
Rika: ......
They start by going into Low Yo-Yos at the exact same time.
How will Kurobuchi tackle this first test of speed?
Both players are using Speeder tuned shoes.
Kurobuchi is wearing Caduceuses by Invade, the president's favorite brand.
They take a little more getting used to than your typical Japanese brand, but once you're accustomed to them, there's a lot extra you can do with them.
Rika is using Maine Coons from Small Grove, a brand that's about as standard as they come.
Only hers are All-Rounders by nature, tuned to be more like Speeder shoes.
From what I gathered during the last two matches, I think Kurobuchi is using similar settings.
That means she wants the match to primarily focus on speed, but also needs the ability to make more intricate movements when necessary.
How will things play out from here?
Rika: Ah...!
Kasumi: Ah...!
For now, their speed is about equal.
However, they're currently speeding downwards in a Low Yo-Yo. Whoever can pull off the smoothest ascent is the one who'll reach second early.
Kasumi: Ngh!
Hm?
Kurobuchi sways slightly as she pulls up into an ascent, perhaps rocked by the sea breeze.
Thanks to that, Rika's upper body is ahead of her.
Was that an actual mistake, or is she trying to trick us?
Masaya: Be careful. Who knows what Kurobuchi's plotting right now...
Rika: Okay!
It'll only take a moment for her to pull any dirty tricks. By the time I notice, it'll be too late for me to help her.
Rika: Ah...!
Rika keeps her lead as she approaches second.
Kasumi: Ah...!
The distance between them isn't great.
Kurobuchi can reach Rika if she stretches herself out.
If this wasn't the start of the match, I'd order Rika to make a bigger gap.
If Kurobuchi breaks the rules and touches Rika now, Rika will be given a point for the violation, and Kurobuchi would be forced to jump to the second line.
Rika would then touch the buoy, giving her two points total.
Playing dirty to control her opponents might be what Kurobuchi does best, but even she won't want to give herself a two point handicap right off the bat.
So then, what's she gonna do?
I stare up at her.
Rika: I'm going to touch the buoy.
Masaya: Okay... Huh?
Kasumi: ......
D-Dammit!
There's a smile plastered on Kurobuchi's face, one she seemingly can't hold back.
Kasumi: Heh!
She raises her upper body, dropping her speed.
My heart shudders inside my chest.
Masaya: Flying Squirrel! Watch out!
Naming techniques makes it easier to communicate over the radio, which is why I came up with that.
It's the same technique she used to hurt Asuka, spreading out all her limbs to squish her up against the buoy.
Rika: I'm okay!
Rika twists her body horizontally as she uses her shoulder to throw her entire arm forward.
Using your shoulder lets you reach further than you would normally, but it also ruins your form. This means you only save it for the last possible moment, and rarely use it outside of going for a buoy.
Especially on the first line, where it completely kills your speed. Normally, using it is unthinkable.
Rika: Got it!
Rika uses the recoil from second to accelerate while straining her upper body to bend backward like a shrimp.
Kasumi: Huh?!
Rika's back collides with Kurobuchi's chest.
Rika: Ah...!
Kasumi: Ngh!
The recoil from that sends Kurobuchi backward, and Rika down the second line.
Rika: I got the first point!
Masaya: Good work, Rika!
Breaking through the Flying Squirrel isn't all that hard.
The Flying Squirrel is a technique designed to seal the shock from a collision inside a membrane, rather than allowing it to spread out.
To do so, you have to wedge your opponent between yourself and a buoy at the perfect time.
If your opponent is fully focused on the buoy, you can pull it off, which means it's more effective if your opponent doesn't know about it.
But both Rika and I witnessed Kurobuchi using that move on Asuka.
Why wouldn't we come up with a countermeasure?
All we need to do to avoid it is bump into Kurobuchi and mess up her timing.
Though Rika may have just touched Kurobuchi, she did so after touching second. And that means the match is considered to have moved past the first line.
Kasumi: Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
Kurobuchi's eyes widen behind her long black hair.
Kasumi: Nghhhhhhhhh!
Huh?
Masaya: Kurobuchi's jumping to the third line instead of the second.
Rika: The third line? Does that mean she wants to challenge me to a dogfight there?
Masaya: Probably.
Kurobuchi can't catch Rika on the second line. And even if she did, they're both Speeders. It won't end up in a dogfight, but a scramble from buoy to buoy.
I assume she's come to the same conclusion.
That's why she's waiting on the third line, ready to challenge Rika to a dogfight.
Why is she so fixated on them despite being a Speeder, you ask?
Because the frantic movements allow her to pull off the pincer, like she did with the Takafuji students.
Rika: This is my second point.
Kasumi: Ah...!
The moment Rika touches the third, Kurobuchi ascends on the third line.
Then, she shoots off like a rocket in Rika's direction.
It's the Suicida. This technique is supposed to drive an opponent toward the water.
Masaya: Dodge it!
Rika: Okay!
There's no need for us to play along.
Kasumi: I won't let you escape... I'll drag you down with me!
Kurobuchi falls fast, chasing after Rika as she attempts to escape.
Holy shit...
This Suicida is perfect, and she even managed to change direction... I had a feeling before, but now I'm convinced.
Kurobuchi really is...
Masaya: There's no point running! Slow your speed and pin her down!
Rika: Okay!
Kurobuchi comes hurtling into Rika from above. The anti-gravitons from Rika's shoes send water flying in all directions.
Rika: Nghhhhhh!
I can hear the sound of gritting teeth through my headset.
Masaya: Rika!
Rika: I'm fine! Don't worry, I practiced this over and over with Mashiro-chan and Asuka-san! I can handle it!
Rika seems to spring off the water's surface as she nimbly fixes her form, then starts flying parallel to it.
Masaya: Kurobuchi is above you and to the right.
Rika: Okay!
In theory, what Rika wants to do is fly in the opposite direction to gain some distance. However, Rika is below Kurobuchi, and Kurobuchi is moving right toward her.
This is a scramble for control. Trying to get away will give Kurobuchi the idea that we're afraid of her. We'd turn over control of the match.
And so...
Rika flies toward Kurobuchi, the gap between them rapidly closing.
Rika: I'll show you I'm not afraid, Sacchan! I'll show you how fun this can be!
Rika charges headfirst.
Kasumi: Heh... You're actually flying to me? What a fool... Graaah!
A grating sound echoes out from Kurobuchi's mouth as she flies toward Rika.
Rika: Ngh!
Kasumi: Ngh!
There's an audible crash as the two collide.
Seeing Rika trying to get behind her, Kurobuchi charges forward to block her path.
It's coming...
Masaya: ......
But if I say something now, I might just get in Rika's way.
Rika: Ah...!
What am I saying? There's no need for me to interfere. Rika knows this far better than me. She's learned through experience.
Kasumi: Got you!
Kurobuchi's wide eyes are bloodshot, almost as if they're casting a red light themselves.
Here it comes. Come on, do it!
Kasumi: ......
Kasumi leans so far forward that it's like she's entrusting her body to the wind.
Almost makes you wanna reach out and catch her.
Rika: Huh...?!
Kasumi: It's over!
A long serpent suddenly extends to each side of Rika's head.
Those are Kurobuchi's arms, stretched out to surround Rika.
It's a pincer, a dirty trick designed to make your opponent faint.
Rika: No way!
Kasumi: Ngh!
Rika nimbly lurches forward, pressing her own face against Kurobuchi's right arm.
That alone makes Kurobuchi's plan crumble.
Rika: Ah...!
The two of them are shot off balance at the exact same moment.
Kasumi: Curse you!
Kurobuchi's long legs cut through the air as she stretches them toward Rika, still trying to reach her.
Rika: Not happening!
Rika reaches out an arm and touches Kasumi's right leg.
Kasumi: D-Dammit!
Kurobuchi keeps on reaching out, but Rika repels limb after limb.
Rika: I told you, it's not happening!
Breaking through a pincer is simple.
When you're touched on two sides of the membrane at once, the shock has nowhere to go, so it concentrates in the middle.
But you can avoid that outcome by touching your opponent first.
If both arms are stretched out toward you, just touch the right arm. That alone is enough to turn things back to normal.
Kasumi: Ngh!
Really, the referee should have called foul play for Kurobuchi's attacks, but Rika's defense is so perfect that he hasn't had the chance.
Rika: It's not happening. Don't make me keep repeating myself!
Or wait, maybe he can't even tell that she's playing dirty because of how well Rika's doing?
Kasumi: Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Heh, hehehe!
Kasumi backs off slowly.
Rika: Huh?
The path to fourth opens up, as if Kurobuchi's recognized her loss.
What does she have up her sleeve?
Kasumi: ......
She just keeps falling back in silence.
Why would she abandon the path toward the next buoy when she's a Speeder?
I doubt she's planning on throwing the match, so...
Rika: This must be bait.
Masaya: Agreed. It's too obvious. Should we challenge her to a dogfight instead?
Rika: No...
Rika's voice resounds.
Rika: I want to play along.
Masaya: Why?
Rika: Because I want to know everything about Sacchan! Like why she's so obsessed with playing dirty.
Rika: I think I'm the only one who can figure it all out.
Rika: Because I'm probably the only one who's practiced just to face her...
Masaya: ...You're right.
Out of all the participants in this tournament, only Rika's trained specifically to fight Kurobuchi.
Rika: I'll discover everything, then maybe I'll come to an understanding, or at least comprehend it... I think I'm the only one who can do it, so I... want to.
Masaya: Okay. If you really insist, I've got no reason to stop you.
Rika: ...Thank you very much. Here I go!
Rika starts flying toward fourth.
Kasumi: Ah...!
Kurobuchi is hot on her tail.
Isn't this the story of the first line all over again?
Is she gonna go for the Flying Squirrel a second time?
Her attempts at a pincer failed over and over, but maybe she's decided the Flying Squirrel is a safer bet.
Kasumi: ......
Or maybe she's just trying to confirm it's useless.
Sometimes, when your back is against the wall and all your techniques have been rendered useless, you just want to make sure. You know there's no point, but you repeat the same move to find out if there's really no point.
But does that make any sense? Is Kurobuchi really a person who'd give in to her emotions like that?
Masaya: I realize you want to find out everything about Kurobuchi, but don't let your guard down.
Rika: I swear I won't! My skin is tingling right now!
Masaya: It's what?
Rika: Tingling! I'm concentrating so hard that I can feel the vibrations of the air. I feel like I know exactly where Sacchan is without even having to turn around to see her.
Masaya: I see... That <i>does</i> happen sometimes, yeah.
Anyone can heighten their senses by concentrating.
But that doesn't normally result in your skin tingling.
That only happens if you concentrate as hard as you can for an extended period of time.
Only when you have a complete read on positions, the time, your opponent, the situation... do you experience tingling on your skin.
Rika: I can feel it in my body, so I can't let my guard down even if I want to!
Masaya: Got it. Still, be careful.
Rika: I will!
Rika speeds up as she heads toward fourth.
Kurobuchi chases after her, not far behind.
Is she really going to try the Flying Squirrel?
Rika: Ah...!
The moment Rika goes to touch fourth...
Kasumi: Please wait one moment, Ichinose-san.
A sweet, lovely voice rings out behind her.
Rika: I won't let my guard down.
Kasumi: No, you've got it all wrong...
Asuka did this exact same thing. She's gonna talk to Rika as she approaches to smother her!
Rika: Take this!
Rika bends back like a prawn, twisting her hips and reaching out a hand in an attempt to thrust Kurobuchi away.
Masaya: Huh?
A cold shiver runs up my spine.
Kasumi: I love you, Ichinose-san.
Kurobuchi's hands shoot out to each of Rika's ears.
She was feigning a Flying Squirrel to use a pincer?!
Straight from one dirty trick to another!
I can't believe this was her plan all along!
Masaya: Rika!
Rika: Ah...!
Rika's hand moves too late, and they both get sent flying in opposite directions.
Masaya: Rika! Rika! RIKA! Are you okay?! Are you still conscious?!
Rika: I'm fine!
Rika replies, sounding in perfect health.
Rika: First, I need to touch fourth.
She succeeds, making the score 3:0.
Masaya: What the hell just happened?
Rika: I used the side of my head to hit Sacchan's hand. As long as one side connects before the other, the pincer won't work.
She forced Kurobuchi's right hand into her head to get away?
Masaya: That's pretty dangerous.
Rika: It is?
In her heightened state of concentration, she probably feels like she'll be fine no matter how dangerous the plan, so long as she doesn't mess up.
Once the match is over and she's had time to calm down, she'll realize how bad it really is.
Kasumi: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Kurobuchi floats there, exhausted and panting for breath.
Rika: Sacchan! I won't let you get me with any of your tricks, so stop this already!
Kasumi: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Rika: Why don't we have a fun match?
Kasumi: ...A <i>fun</i> match?
Rika: A match where we give it our all! Playing dirty just gets in the way of that, which is why it's against the rules! So let's do this! Let's have a proper match!
Kasumi: D-Don't screw with me! It's too late... I...! I...! I...!
Rika: ......
Kasumi: Why do you think I resorted to this stuff in the first place?! Because I can't win! I could never beat you by playing fair!
Rika: That makes me happy!
Kasumi: ...What's that supposed to mean?!
Rika: I'm happy that you think I'm so strong! But you're wrong. It was never about winning or losing in the beginning.
Rika: We played because it was fun! Because we wanted to have fun matches! You know I'm right!
Kasumi: You're so naive! I play dirty because I wanna win!
Kurobuchi charges head first, seemingly attempting a Suicida.
Rika: Sacchan!
Kasumi: Quit screwing with me!
Rika: Huh?!
Right before Kurobuchi reaches Rika, she pulls her torso up, breaking hard. Her hips project out, her head flung back.
Masaya: Watch out!
Now slanted backward, she thrusts her legs forward.
Kasumi: Die!
Her legs are about to wrap around Rika!
Rika: Sorry, not happening!
Rika uses both hands to strike away Kurobuchi's right leg.
Kasumi: Ngh!
Rika: Ugh!
The two of them are separated by the recoil.
Rika: I practiced so I could say this to you. I practiced so I could make you understand.
Kasumi: ...Huh?
Rika: Together... Let's give it our all and fly!
Kasumi: I-I told you to quit screwing with me!
Rika: I'm not! If you don't do that... I'll get angry!
Kasumi: Huh?
Rika: I'LL GET ANGRY!
Kasumi: So you're saying I'm not already giving it my best shot?!
Rika: You're not! You just don't get it, Sacchan!
I imagine Kurobuchi has won most of her matches by being hostile and controlling the flow of the game.
But Rika's anger is something Kurobuchi can't control. It's a different breed, and I think she's aware of that.
Kasumi: ......
Kurobuchi seems flustered.
Rika: Let's play a proper FC match together! We're wasting time here!
Kasumi: Th-This is <i>my</i> FC!
Rika: Then that's totally fine! Let's just play our match! I practiced so hard for this to fly with you, Sacchan!
Kasumi: Fly with... me?
In a moment, Kurobuchi's expression stiffens.
She not angry or annoyed. If anything, she's bewildered.
However...
Kasumi: Heh... Heh heh heh heh...!
She quickly forces out an ominous laugh.
Kasumi: I'm gonna... make you regret this!
Rika: Please do.
An exhausted Kurobuchi musters up what remains of her strength.
Kasumi: I...! I can still do this!
Rika: Please do!
Masaya: Rika, be careful. I'm sure Kurobuchi's got something up her sleeve. She's just like Asuka.
Masaya: She can sense the movements of the membrane. That's how she managed to concuss three people in a row.
Airkick Turns and Cobras are techniques that require you to control the direction of force from your membrane.
But for Kurobuchi, it doesn't end there. She must also have the ability to sense the direction of force in other people's membranes to some extent.
Rika: I'll be fine. I'm not afraid of her now.
Kasumi: R-Raaaaaaaaah! Ah! Ah! Aaaaaaaaah!
Kurobuchi roars as she flies toward Rika.
Rika: I'll play this match and find out everything about Sacchan!
Kasumi: Argh, ah! Ah! Ah! Aaaaaahhh!
Rika gets into a dogfighting stance, ready to intercept Kurobuchi's charge.
Rika: Huh?
Kasumi: Ngh!
Kurobuchi seems to disregard the laws of physics as she suddenly moves off to the side in front of Rika.
I knew it, she can use Airkick Turns.
Kasumi: Ah...!
Rika deftly avoids Kurobuchi's attempt to get behind her by rising quickly.
Rika: I know that move from practicing with Asuka-san! I can do a whole lot more than this!
She makes the most of her speed, doing a full revolution in the air before shooting toward Kurobuchi's back.
Kasumi: Ngh!
Kurobuchi desperately tries to escape.
Rika: See, you can fly <i>really</i> well, Sacchan! Why play dirty?!
Kasumi: These... These beautiful techniques will never work! Never! I have to be unique... or I won't make it! I have to play dirty, I just have to...
Rika: Ah!
Holy shit!
Kurobuchi's hands just shot out at unimaginable speeds in a completely unexpected attack.
She didn't concuss Rika with that, did she?!
Masaya: Rika!
Rika: I'm fine, she only grazed me!
Masaya: A graze is all it takes!
Rika: I'm fine! Just a little more! Please let me continue this match!
There's nothing else I can say, huh?
In fact, there's nothing anyone can say. Rika intends to get her feelings through to Kurobuchi no matter the cost.
Kasumi: I have to play dirty, I have to... or I won't make it!
Rika: I think anyone can make it if they try!
Kasumi: I...! I...! I...!
I can feel her irritation. She has something she wants to say, but she can't form the words.
Rika: Now's the time for playing, not talking, so let's play!
Kasumi: ......
Rika: I'm sure you'll find your answer here! If this is how your version of FC is, that's fine. But I don't want to let such a fun match end in foul play!
Rika: Not when it's gotten this good! It's too soon for it to end!
Kasumi: Urgh, ah, haaah, haaah. Urghhhhhh!
Rika nimbly dodges Kurobuchi's charge.
Kasumi: I, haaah, haaah, haaah... Mmm! I... I want to... have fun!
Rika: Great!
And so, the match continues.
Kasumi: Let's go!
Kurobuchi charges straight forward. Only this time, she's not acting strangely in the slightest.
Rika: Yeah!
Rika takes a deep breath as she dodges the charge.
Kasumi: You're wide open!
Kurobuchi bends into a turn and goes for Rika's back.
Rika: Not today!
Rika dodges and twists around, allowing her to target Kurobuchi's back after she gets away.
Kasumi: Haaah, haaah, haaah...!
Kurobuchi is out of breath, her form unsteady due to the exhaustion.
Rika: Sacchan!
Rika: This is fun, right? Isn't having fun the best feeling in the world?!
Kasumi: Ah...!
After a moment's hesitation, Kurobuchi stares right at Rika.
Kasumi: Yeah, this is fun... So much fun!
Rika: See!
The two of them nod in unison.
Kasumi: Okay, I'm coming at you again!
Rika: Sure, bring it on!
It's like I'm watching two kids playing FC. There's an innocence in their competition as they focus on the pure joy of the sport.
It probably lasted no more than two minutes.
But I'm sure those two minutes were worth a lifetime to them.
The match ends. It's 6:0. Rika Ichinose is the winner.
It was a one-sided game from start to finish, but the way it unfolded...
Well, it was far more frantic than any game you're likely to see.
It was a fight between two people with their beliefs on the line.
Kasumi: ......
Kurobuchi is stunned.
Rika approaches her.
Rika: ...That was a fun match.
She says.
Kasumi: You really are strong... Ricchan.
Kurobuchi replies.
Rika: Huh... Uh...?
Then, she returns to the shore.
Masaya: You did it, Rika.
Rika: Yes. Um... Masaya-san.
Masaya: What's up?
Rika: Sacchan just called me Ricchan, like she used to.
Masaya: I see.
Rika: Do you think... my feelings got through to her?
Masaya: If nothing else, your enthusiasm <i>definitely</i> reached her. The match wouldn't have turned out that way otherwise.
You don't see that final exchange of skill in most normal matches. It was a sight to behold.
With how she decided to abandon her dirty tactics and face Rika...
I doubt she imagined that "Ricchan."
Masaya: Right, let's get ready for the next match.
Rika: Okay!
Rika answers as she descends down to follow me.
And yet, her eyes remain fixated on Kurobuchi's retreating form.
Misaki: Phew, we're finally done.
Mashiro: It flew right by us...
The fall tournament has finally come to a close.
The awards ceremony has just ended, and all the schools are getting ready to head back.
Madoka: Good job, everyone. You guys worked real hard.
Madoka congratulates us.
Madoka: I sure am glad we hit our goal.
Misaki: Mhm...
Mashiro: Feels like a cause for celebration.
Yeah, maybe.
Asuka: No way!
Well, at least one person seems to disagree.
Misaki: You're <i>still</i> angry, Asuka?
Asuka: Yeah, 'cause... 'Cause we lost...
Asuka: Now we have to wait until the next tournament again...
Misaki: You're such a silly kitty, Asuka.
Mashiro: The tournament's only just ended, but she wants to go again...
Misaki and Mashiro seem almost annoyed by her behavior, but Asuka remains grumpy.
Makes sense, since she seems pretty disappointed by her results.
As far as Kunahama Academy is concerned, both Misaki and Asuka made it to the third round.
If either of them had won their match, we would have achieved our goal. However, Misaki lost to Ganeko-san, and Asuka lost to Saki Inui.
And so, unfortunately, the two of them were relegated to the top eight.
Madoka: Trust me, Asuka-chan, I tooooootally get how you feel, but we reached our goal, yeah?
Mashiro: Yeah, Rika-san did well.
Asuka: Urghhhhhh, but, but, but!
Asuka looks up like she's about to scream.
Asuka: God! I just wanted to face as many people as I could!
...Man, Asuka's incredible.
The fact that she wants to win, not to feel successful, but to discover her next challenge has her towering above the rest.
Masaya: (I wonder how far she could've gone if I chose to focus on her instead...)
There's no point thinking about what ifs, but I still can't help myself.
I really am looking forward to seeing her perform in the next tournament.
Rika: Good job out there!
Satouin: Fantastic work.
Right as I begin to get lost in my fantasies, the pair from Takafuji comes over, having finished tidying up their area.
Madoka: Oh, here they are.
Misaki: Nice one.
Mashiro: Good work!
I walk over to Rika.
Masaya: Well done, Rika.
Rika: Thank you very much.
I smile at her and hold out my hand.
Masaya: Congrats on making the top four.
Rika: Thank you again.
Rika takes my hand and returns my smile.
In the end, only Rika managed to achieve our joint goal.
For Kunahama, it's a net positive. But for Takafuji, it proves that they're still a force to be reckoned with even without Shindou-san.
Satouin: Your performance was incredible, Ichinose-san. Thanks to you, we can return home with our heads held high.
Masaya: You got unlucky, Satouin-san. I bet you could've got past the second round if you faced someone else.
Satouin: Indeed, I was completely negligent. I still cannot believe that suspicious Masked Skywalker bested me.
Misaki: Oh yeah... The masked freak beat Satouin-san.
Mashiro: They were surprisingly strong...
Satouin: Regardless!
Satouin-san stamps her foot, clearly not wanting to discuss her own results.
Satouin: I must thank you, Masaya Hinata.
Masaya: I've got a feeling I know where you're going with this, but there's no need.
Rika only got this far because of her own hard work and determination.
Sure, I acted as her coach and second, but in the end, I didn't really do all that much.
Satouin: No, I simply must.
Satouin: I believe you, of all people, are worthy of inheriting my "in."
Masaya: I knew it! Seriously, that "in" is for you and you alone, Satouin-san.
Satouin: Hinatain... It has a beautiful ring to it.
Misaki: Yeah, sounds like a perfect fit.
Madoka: I feel like this is the birth of a new era...
Masaya: What era? Hey, Rika, c'mon, say--
I'm about to tell her to say something, but I quickly swallow my words.
Rika: ......
For some reason, she's gone silent.
Masaya: Rika?
Rika's expression suddenly grows tense.
Masaya: Huh...?
I sense something and spin around.
Kasumi: ......
Satouin: Kasumi Kurobuchi...
Misaki: Yikes...!
Mashiro: What, again?!
Madoka: Eek!
Everyone pipes up in surprise and dread.
Makes sense. She's already caused us enough problems for one lifetime.
Masaya: Why are <i>you</i> here?
I stand in front of the girls to shield them.
I dunno what she's got planned, but depending on what it is, I might have to report her to the tournament staff.
Rika: Um, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Hm?
Rika: Sacchan seems different...
Masaya: Different how? Oh!
I take another look at her.
Her usual ominous aura has completely vanished.
Now that I think about it, her speech is lacking its usual sinister edge as well...
Before, Kurobuchi was like a suspicious black cat, but now she's more like a sad stray.
Masaya: Uh...
I try to soften my tone and ask what she wants again, but...
Kasumi: U-Um, um...!
Kasumi: I-I'm so sorry!
Masaya: ...Huh?
The stray kitten utters an earnest apology.
Kasumi: I-I said so many horrible things to all of you, not to mention how I hurt you...
Kasumi: I'm... really sorry...
Kasumi: I had to apologize... I just knew I had to, and I couldn't bear it...
Kasumi: I-I really mean it... Um...
Oh. Well then...
This is the real Kasumi Kurobuchi, huh?
There's nothing left of her aloof, edgy persona in her tone. Instead, the way she's apologizing reveals her insecurities.
No, wait, maybe this is another trick?
But by the end of her match with Rika, something had changed...
Yeah, that must mean this is the real, true Kasumi Kurobuchi.
Misaki: You're kinda late.
Misaki's pretty damn pissed.
Mashiro: You did horrible things to Asuka-senpai and the people from Takafuji.
Mashiro's the next to chime in. Neither of them even try to hide the expressions of anger on their face.
Yeah, we can't just pretend she hasn't wronged us.
Sure, we managed to participate in the fall tournament, but we barely made it because of her. Our star player, Asuka, couldn't practice much because of her, so everyone underperformed.
And what's more, the one who suffered the most...
Satouin: I won't forgive you.
Rika: Satouin-senpai...
Was Satouin-san, both personally, and through the damage done to the Takafuji players she leads.
Kasumi: ...Yes, I know. I wasn't expecting you to.
Kurobuchi's expression remains meek.
And Satouin-san...
Satouin: I think you may be misunderstanding something.
Kasumi: Huh...?
Satouin: Did anybody say you would be allowed to flee without receiving punishment?
Kasumi: Oh, um, I...
Satouin: Are you not aware of the Japanese proverb passed down from time immemorial? An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
Uh, I'm pretty sure that wasn't invented by us...
Does she seriously believe that?
Satouin: And so, I give you this!
She takes some sort of paper out from her breast pocket.
Then, she spreads it out and thrusts it before Kurobuchi.
Satouin: A letter of challenge, Kasumi Kurobuchi!
Misaki: No way!
Mashiro: A-A letter?!
Madoka: Of challenge?!
Rika: Ngh!
Everyone around us gasps in surprise.
Asuka: Ah...!
However, the one person who's experienced this before seems almost happy.
I think there's something wrong with her...
Kasumi: Um, I don't think I, well...
Satouin: What's the matter? Weren't you desperate to face us before, with all your talk of having a practice match?
Kasumi: Oh, but, I...
Satouin: ...I saw your match with Rika.
Kasumi: Ah...!
Rika: Satouin-senpai...
Satouin: The way you were using your techniques in rapid succession toward the end... was quite captivating.
Kasumi: Oh no... I really...
Satouin: Why show such humility now?
Kasumi: Huh...?
Satouin: You're capable of something quite wondrous. Why keep that locked away inside yourself?
Rika: Ah...!
Those words...
Though they were spoken to Kurobuchi, they also reached Rika.
Satouin: Deciding one's own worth is a luxury not afforded to many.
Kasumi: Oh no... I wasn't...
Satouin: Then pay attention to what other people have to say about you.
Kasumi: Ah...!
Satouin: You can remain a big fish in a small pond if that makes things easier for you, but then you will never discover a way to grow.
Satouin: To become a salmon, one must move to the ocean. You may be afraid of a bear's paws, but you must leave your children behind and survive...
Satouin: ...I no longer understand the purpose of this analogy, but that's beside the point!
She thrusts her letter of challenge forward once again.
Satouin: I wish to fight you once more, so accept and give me the match I desire!
Kasumi: O-Okay, then... I'll do it. I'll face you.
Kurobuchi nods as she accepts the challenge, overwhelmed by Satouin-san's intensity.
Asuka: Kurobuchi-san!
Kasumi: Y-Yesss!
Asuka similarly thrusts a paper out toward her.
Asuka: I have a letter of challenge too!
Masaya: ...You brought one with you?
This is just like when she gave one to Rika...
Kasumi: Eek...! O-Okay!
Asuka: You'll do it, right? You'll face me up in the sky?!
Kasumi: O-Of course, I'd be happy to...!
This situation is so absurd that I feel like I shouldn't get involved.
In any case, it's clear that the two girls who have suffered the most at Kurobuchi's hands have forgiven her.
Misaki: Ugh, fiiine! If the people who got injured are over it, I won't stay mad.
Mashiro: Okay, I'll cast my anger aside too.
They backed down pretty fast.
Kasumi: I'm sorry... I'm really sorry.
Kurobuchi has been forgiven, but she keeps her head bowed low.
Right when I'm wondering what to do, someone steps forward.
Masaya: Rika...
Rika: ......
Rika...
She stands in front of Kurobuchi and attempts to talk.
Kasumi: I'm so... sorry?
Kurobuchi raises her head.
Rika looks at her and gently smiles.
Rika: Do you think we can have another match sometime?
Kasumi: But...
Rika: I don't want this to be the end.
Kasumi: But I'm... I mean...
Rika: You know, there's someone I've always wanted to face.
Kasumi: Huh...?
Rika: There was this girl I knew who taught me FC, and we got along great.
Kasumi: Ah!
Rika: But then I moved away, so we lost contact. Still, I've always remembered the promise we made, to one day compete against each other in an FC tournament.
Rika: That promise is so important to me, even now... I want it to come true.
Kasumi: You still remember that, Ricchan?
Rika: Yeah, I never once forgot it... Strange, right?
Kasumi: Huh...? It's not strange. Not at all.
Rika: Huh?
Kasumi: Our promise will definitely come true. I'll work hard to make sure it does.
Kasumi: So... I'm looking forward to it.
Rika: Hehe, me too.
Rika smiles.
Rika: Can you show me your face for a second, Sacchan?
Kasumi: Huh? Okay...
Kurobuchi raises her head to let Rika get a good look at her.
Rika: ......
Rika: You really are cute, Sacchan.
Kasumi: ......
Kasumi: ...Thank you, Ricchan.
Rika: No problem.
Kurobuchi bows to us several more times before eventually disappearing into the crowd.
Only this time, she seems almost invigorated.
Guess she finally knows what she has to do.
Rika: Thank you so much for forgiving Sacchan, Asuka-san, Satouin-senpai.
Rika turns to face us and bows.
Asuka: This turned out great. You actually got to talk to her normally.
Asuka replies with a smile.
Rika: Yes, it really did.
Satouin: Ichinose-san... No, Rika.
On the other hand, Satouin-san's expression remains stern.
Rika: Y-Yes?!
Rika tenses up as she stands to attention.
Satouin: ...You've created another powerful rival who will bar your path.
Satouin-san says, unable to stop a grin forming on her face.
Rika: Ah...!
Rika: Yes, yes I have!
Rika replies happily.
Satouin: Now then, it is time for us to return home. Everything that has happened has left me starving.
Misaki: You said it, Satouin-san! My stomach's been killing me... I can't take it much longer!
Mashiro: We can't have you fainting, Senpai! Eat me instead!
Madoka: You never pass up any chances you get, huh?
Asuka: Oh, yeah, I'm also really hungry!
Masaya: Right, let's have a little celebration, or rather a review meeting, and grab some food!
Misaki: Yaaay! Yes to the food, no to the meeting!
Mashiro: Saaame!
These two really come alive at times like this. Someone save me.
The girls start talking about what they want to get to eat, so I leave them be and head over to Rika.
Masaya: Rika.
Rika: Masaya-san...
Masaya: Good job, Rika.
Rika: ...Thanks.
Rika nods.
I can sense the strength of someone who's just overcome a previously insurmountable hurdle in her gaze.
This tournament has come to a close, for both Takafuji and Kunahama.
Our overall results may not have been too impressive, but we've still gained a lot.
Masaya: Haaah... It's finally over.
Rika: Yes...
It's been several hours since the end of the tournament.
Rika got in touch with me, saying she couldn't sleep, so I got her to join me on a short flight.
Rika's an endless fountain of conversation topics.
And I have fun discussing them all, from the trivial to the serious.
Before we know it, it's completely dark out as we float through the sky.
Rika: Masaya-san.
She calls out my name during a moment of silence.
Wonder what she wants...
Masaya: What's up?
Rika turns toward me.
The expression on her face is gentle and relaxed.
Rika: I was just thinking...
Rika: It's amazing how having fun changes everything.
Masaya: ...Oh yeah?
Aoi-san always told me to have fun when she trained me.
But I eventually turned my back on that idea.
And yet, now I'm the one telling that to someone new.
It feels like my past and my present have finally converged, leading to a bright new future.
Rika: It even got Sacchan to have a change of heart...
Rika: "Fun" is a magical word that can change lives.
It sure is.
It makes you feel like you do anything, like you can open your heart to anyone.
But it's also something that can harm people who are already at the depths of despair.
And so, it's not something you can just throw around willy-nilly.
It's a powerful, but dangerous tool.
Rika: Do you think I managed to help Sacchan a little, like how you helped me?
Masaya: Definitely.
Rika: I hope you're right.
Rika smiles.
But this time, it isn't the least bit fake.
It's a genuine expression of joy.
Masaya: I know you'll be fine, Rika.
Rika: Masaya-san...
Masaya: You're more than strong enough to help people on your own now. I know that better than anyone.
Rika: Thank you very much.
I don't need a thank you...
Rika: Please stay exactly where you are.
Masaya: Hm? Uh, sure...
I smile as I face Rika.
Rika takes my free hand in hers, then wraps her other one behind my back.
Rika: Hehehe...
And after that, she giggles happily.
It's an innocent laugh that's free of all worries.
Masaya: You know, it kinda feels like we're dancing.
Rika: Do you want to try? I don't exactly know how, but I'm willing to give it a shot.
Masaya: Same... Let's start with a twirl.
Rika: Okay!
We stretch our arms out as far as possible and use centrifugal force to do a quick spin.
The stars in the distance spin with us, looking oh so beautiful on the canvas of night.
Rika: It's so pretty...
Masaya: Yeah.
Occasionally, Rika's body presses against mine as we spin and our lips touch.
We've kissed countless times before.
But it's something we'll never grow tired of. Each new one is still fresh and exciting.
Rika: I'll love you until the end of time, Masaya-san.
Those words make it clear that Rika is looking at the present... and our future.
She may be influenced by the past, but she won't let it hold her back.
And that makes me think the same thing will happen to me as long as I remain by her side.
Seeing her grow has taught me that there's more to be gained from accepting the past than rejecting it.
I can't be sure that I'll ever overcome my trauma...
But I believe that day will come as long as we stick together.
Masaya: I love you too, Rika.
Our silhouettes hover in the starry sky.
We don't part for a moment, remaining one for as long as we can.
Misaki: Phew... I'm all done, Coach.
Masaya: Great, now go do three more sets!
Misaki: Huh?! You've gotta be kidding me!
Mashiro: Finishing one set was hard enough, and now we have to do three more?
Masaya: I'm totally serious. Look, Asuka's already on it with zero complaints.
Asuka: Did you say something?
Asuka responds through her headset as she zips around.
Masaya: Hey, Asuka, you're gonna do five sets, yeah?
Asuka: Yessir! I'll do my best!
Misaki: Curse that demon and her stamina...
Mashiro: Asuka-senpai is a bottomless swamp. Please don't lump a small puddle like me in with her.
Masaya: Better start digging so you become a pond, then.
Mashiro: That's impossible! The sun'll set before I get anywhere close!
Misaki: It'll be <i>sun</i>set before we even finish <i>one</i> set!
Masaya: You seem real fired up, Misaki. Should I make that four sets instead of three?
Misaki: Oh, no, you must've misheard. I didn't say anything at all!
Mashiro: Why'd you have to say that, Misaki-senpai?!
Misaki: Oh no, I didn't say anything. This guy just tried to pile on an extra set for no reason. He's a demon, I tell you!
Masaya: Complain all you want. You want to improve, don't you?
Misaki: Well... I guess...
Mashiro: I'm <i>definitely</i> going to beat that burnt hotdog next time!
Masaya: Better work hard and get those three sets done before the sun goes down, then.
Misaki: Monster! Demon! Gimme some udon!
Mashiro: Please give me back my peaceful life with Misaki-senpai! This is hell on Earth!
I leave those crybabies behind and head over to Madoka, who's sprawled out along the coast.
Masaya: Hey, get up!
I give her exposed belly a gentle kick.
Madoka: OWWW!
Madoka: Whoa, it's just you, Hinata-kun. Almost gave me a heart attack there.
Masaya: Can't believe you were sleeping on the job, Madoka.
Madoka: It was just a light nap. Still, it feels like an elephant just stepped on me...
Wow, rude much?
Masaya: Shouldn't you be making a call?
We're supposed to have a joint practice session with Takafuji.
Rika's the vice-president over there now, so Madoka was supposed to call her to confirm ahead of time, but we're behind schedule because she forgot.
Madoka: Oh, right. Heh, guess I'll get your cute little wife on the phone.
Masaya: Maybe you need another kick.
Madoka: Oh, so you <i>did</i> step on me, huh? I'll have to report that to your wife!
Masaya: Quiet, dumbass.
Madoka: Croaaak...
Madoka croaks like a frog as her life flashes before her eyes.
Ignoring her, I make the call myself.
Masaya: Hello?
Rika: Right, okay, you're just about to head over.
Rika: Us? Yeah, the president's ready. Okay, we'll save the rest for when we meet.
Rika: ...Huh? Hehe, I love you too. See you soon.
Rika: Hehehe...
Satouin: Well, I certainly never expected to hear such romantic words during a business call.
Rika: Whoa, Prez! H-How long have you been there?!
Satouin: A short while. Wasn't it you who said we should get going once preparations are complete?
Rika: I'm sorry. I've pulled myself together, so let's get going!
Satouin: Stop! Wait for me, sheesh...
Satouin: What a bad influence he is, truly.
Kasumi: Right, then let's go with this plan from next week.
Mutsuki: We're finally free from having to play dirty, huh? You got them real riled up, Bucchi.
Miyuki: I don't care if it's tradition or whatever, being forced to play dirty like that sucked. Everyone hated us.
Mutsuki: Still, you gotta admit it was a shock when they suddenly changed advisors on us.
Miyuki: I heard a teacher from Kunahama came to visit and chewed our old one out.
Kasumi: In any case, we're not doing that anymore. We'll play to have fun, like we should.
Mutsuki: Wow, I can't even remember the last time someone told us to play for fun.
Miyuki: It was like a banned word around these parts. We even got told <i>not</i> to have fun.
Mutsuki: You were so into it that we were even too scared to approach you. I'm <i>really</i> glad you're finally back to normal.
Mutsuki: Though now all our seniors are gone, so it's just us three left.
Kasumi: Yeah... But I think that's a good thing.
Miyuki: True that.
Mutsuki: You've got this, Ms. President.
Kasumi: ...Thanks.
Kasumi: So, I think we should start using nicknames to improve our relationships.
Kasumi: And on that note, I'm counting on you, Mucchan, Micchan.
Miyuki: Oooh, yeah, yeah, that's great.
Mutsuki: Let's do this, Sacchan.
Kasumi: Huh? Wait, why Sacchan...?
Mutsuki: Uh, 'cause going with Kacchan makes you sound like a boy. Sacchan's way cuter.
Miyuki: And you said you just changed your last name recently, so turning Kurobuchi into Bucchi doesn't really work.
Kasumi: Oh...
Kasumi: Hehe, okay. Sacchan sounds good.
Mutsuki: Sweet, it's time for Dougaura to get a fresh start!
Miyuki: Here we go!
Kasumi: Yeah!
Our joint practice session with Takafuji has started. These have become a regular occurrence.
Rika's gone around observing everyone, and has even taken the initiative and started instructing them.
She's no longer forcing herself to act diligent or imitate Asuka.
This is her true self, and her devotion to FC is clear as day.
Rika: Masaya-san! We're all set!
Rika informs me that she's done setting up the practice match schedule.
Masaya: Okay, then go do three sets.
Rika: Understood!
Asuka: Rika-chan, can you help me?
Rika: Sure!
Their words echo through the clear sky.
Rika's voice may not be as cheerful as before, but it sounds far better because it's more natural.
And so, I call out to her in a show of support.
Masaya: Go out there and have fun, Rika!
Rika: Roger!
★: Rika Route -- End
September is always a great time for flying.
The rainy season is over, leaving the sky a much richer blue, and the wind still feels refreshing.
Mornings are the best time to just float around and enjoy yourself.
There's nothing better than the sight of the sun sparkling against the sea with the faint contours of distant islands on the horizon.
That's why I'm not surprised that Aoi-san has called me out here at this time of day.
Aoi: Sorry for calling you out here so early.
Masaya: It's cool. But are you sure this is okay, Aoi-san? You've got a lot on your plate nowadays.
Aoi-san is currently competing in the European circuit.
She may have been a famous player back in the day, but apparently her lack of recent action seems to have made it hard for her to get back into the swing of things.
Still, I'm happy for her, since she says she's having fun flying every single day.
Aoi: Yeah, I just have to be back before the sun rises fully. I bet my manager's going nuts right now, though.
Masaya: You really should have told them...
Aoi: If I did, they wouldn't have let me come.
There's a mischievous smile on her face as she says that. God, this is all so familiar. Brings back a lot of memories.
Taking a temporary leave of absence from being a teacher to make a comeback seems to have really helped her.
Aoi: Oh, right, let me say this before I forget.
Aoi: Congratulations. I'm glad you've decided to play again.
Masaya: ...Thank you very much.
I, too, decided to make a comeback in the fall of last year.
It's been hard getting to this point, but I've managed thanks to everyone's help.
Aoi: You aiming for the nationals this summer?
Masaya: I am, but I'm still worried about everyone else...
Aoi: You've really taken to being a coach, huh?
Masaya: Not at all...
There's still so much I have to teach them.
Asuka's become a top player, but matches between her and Inui are still close. I want her to be so good that she can easily defeat even me.
Misaki's also up there with her, but she struggles to deal with unexpected situations, and her motivation isn't consistent.
Mashiro's finally learned how fun flying can be, but unless she clears two or three more hurdles, she won't come to truly enjoy FC.
Then there's Rika, who sometimes comes over from Takafuji to practice with us. There are good and bad sides to her diligence. I want her to become a more unpredictable player.
I tell all this to Aoi-san.
Aoi: You haven't decided to focus on anyone in particular?
Masaya: I could have done that, but I feel like a coach shouldn't play favorites. I wanted to help everyone improve.
Aoi: Wow, spoken like a true coach. You've really thought this through, huh?
Masaya: I just hope I'm good enough...
Aoi: I think you are. If nothing else, you're more cut out for teaching than I am.
Masaya: Weren't you an <i>actual</i> teacher, Aoi-san?
Aoi: I mean, yeah, but it wasn't for me, I guess?
There's a sad smile on her face as she looks upward.
Aoi: Do you remember the first time we flew together?
Masaya: It was the first of September. The weather was like it is today. Not too hot, not too cold.
Aoi: ...I see. You <i>do</i> remember.
I grew up watching Aoi-san.
From how to fly to how to fight, and even my behavior. I learned everything I know about FC and flying from Aoi-san.
Back then, I thought even sleeping was a waste of time, so I'd end up practicing for hours on end, only for Aoi-san to put a stop to it and drag me back to Mom and Dad.
Yet I still insisted that, as long as I could get up early and practice, everything was fine.
Aoi: We practiced early in the morning every single day.
Masaya: Now that I think about it, I must have completely ruined your social life.
Aoi: Don't feel bad. I did it because I wanted to.
Aoi: It was fun, so we kept it up.
Masaya: Yes...
Aoi: At the time, I was constantly worrying about FC. Seeing you looking so happy as you flew was my one source of enjoyment.
The Angelic Halo incident.
I only learned about it several years after it happened, and from Shirase-san no less.
Aoi-san used the technique in the world championships. It led to an argument about what exactly FC should be, with all blame and criticism being concentrated directly at her.
Aoi: I thought that you should do everything in your power to win, so that's what I taught you as well.
Aoi: But that just resulted in me having to give up on the technique I spent ages perfecting after only one use... and you abandoning the sky.
Masaya: I'm sorry...
Aoi: I'm the one who should apologize. I couldn't find the true meaning behind the words I always said to you.
Aoi: I had no right to say them when I wasn't even sure of them myself.
While I turned my back on the sky, Aoi-san was still facing it and struggling.
Years passed without her finding an answer.
Aoi: I worried and I thought for ages, but the answer I found was so simple, so easy to understand.
Aoi: I searched and I hunted, and what I found was a simple phrase. "The sky is fun."
Aoi: But I had no one to share it with. By that point, you'd changed too.
Aoi-san suddenly looks down, directing her gaze at me once more.
Aoi: Masaya.
Her expression switches to one of happiness in a flash.
Aoi: Instead I waited for you to come to me.
Aoi: The sky might be a source of fun, but it's wasted when you're all alone up there.
Aoi-san says that to me with a smile.
Masaya: ......
I don't know how to respond.
What if? Just, what if? There's this hypothetical question that's been eating away at me for almost as long as I can remember.
Why exactly did Aoi-san become a teacher?
Now that I think about it, the answer is simple.
After I quit, Aoi-san was suffering.
Where did she go wrong? What should she teach people?
In searching for that answer, perhaps she settled on taking up a career in teaching.
She may have even banned herself from competing until she was sure I was doing okay.
Aoi: Why are you staring at me so hard, Masaya?
There's nothing off about her.
It would be easy enough to ask if she did all that for my sake, but I can't bring myself to do that.
Because I know that regardless of the actual answer, she'd never say anything that would make me shoulder the blame.
I don't want to see her worrying about what to say for my sake.
Not again.
Masaya: I love you, Aoi-san.
Aoi: ......
Aoi: Pfft, hahahahahahahaha! Seriously? God, hold up, I can't...!
Masaya: Hey, why are you laughing?! That's horrible! I'm being serious, okay?!
Aoi: Haha, sorry. It's just, that came out of left field, you know?
Masaya: ...Hmph, you think I'm joking.
Aoi: No, I don't. I'm sorry, but right now, I'm only interested in the sky.
Aoi: It'll be a long time until I consider things like romance.
Masaya: Then... I'm gonna wait until you're ready and confess again.
Aoi: ...I see. Okay, I'll wait until then to give you my answer.
Aoi: I hope we can still have fun flying through the sky when that time comes.
Masaya: Don't worry, I can't imagine a future where I grow to hate flying.
Aoi: ...Right.
My chest starts to burn as my old memories resurface.
Did Aoi-san think what I said back then was part of some childish game?
Or was it truly just a matter of time?
Those years have long since passed, and the two of us have grown older.
Masaya: Hey, Aoi-san...
Aoi: ...What is it?
Aoi-san looks over at me.
Her eyes meet mine. They haven't changed a bit over the years.
Masaya: The sky is really beautiful today, huh?
Aoi: Heh...
A chuckle spills from her mouth.
Aoi: Yes... I'm glad I came back. You don't get views like this anywhere else.
I feel a mix of emotions, including admiration and gratitude, swirling around inside me.
Things have changed. Aoi-san became a teacher, and I became her student.
No matter how much time passes, there are some things you can't sweep under the rug.
There are things that don't change, but also things you can never get back.
Those powerful emotions I had back then have long since faded.
Now my heart is at ease, and I feel warm when I look at her, which is a recognition of how important she is to me.
Aoi: I'm running out of time. We should go.
Masaya: Man, already?
Aoi: Mhm. Time flies when you're having fun.
Aoi-san's words feel like daggers.
A lot of time has passed.
The time we spent together back then, the time we spent here, will never return.
She came here to prove that to herself, and to make sure I knew the same thing.
Aoi: Let's part here, Masaya.
Masaya: Here?
Aoi: It's going to be hard to leave no matter what. If we have to wave each other goodbye and say farewell, we may as well do it in the sky.
Masaya: Ah...!
I had a hunch, but now I'm certain.
I doubt Aoi-san plans to come back to Japan. She came here today to put things to rest.
If I think about it, it all makes sense. Why would Aoi-san, who's off in England focusing on FC, come back to Japan for just one day?
Why would she return at the exact moment when the skies above Shitou are the most fun to fly through, where the scenery is unparalled in its beauty?
And why would she return without telling any of her friends, but call me out here on the morning she arrives?
Masaya: Aoi-san, I...
Aoi: What is it?
I know what she's going to do, but I can't stop it.
Even if I tried, Aoi-san would just give me a sad smile and tell me she's sorry.
So instead of saying farewell...
Masaya: I haven't forgotten what you said.
The words I begged Aoi-san to write down for me, going as far to pin her down when she tried to make excuses and flee.
They're something I cherish to this very day.
They're words that have taken hold of my heart once again, since I've finally turned back to the sky.
Aoi: ...I see.
Aoi: Turn to the sky.
Aoi: Don't avert your eyes.
Aoi: The answer lies there... does it not?
Masaya: Yes... It does.
Aoi: It's a good saying, don't you think?
She's gritting her teeth hard as she speaks. I can tell this is hard for her.
Aoi: I'm cheering myself up with my own words, huh?
And now she's mocking herself...
Aoi: Take care, Masaya.
Masaya: I will.
Aoi: When things get tough, turn to the sky.
Masaya: I will...!
Aoi: We'll be connected no matter where we are. Because the answer lies there...
Aoi: Isn't that right?
Masaya: Yes...!
Aoi: Glad you agree.
She leaves me with one last smile that's reminiscent of the one from when we first met.
Aoi: See you, Masaya.
Then, she casually waves a hand in my direction.
And after that, she slowly turns her back on me and descends.
Masaya: ...Aoi-san.
I want to look down at her.
But tears are threatening to stream down my cheeks, and I can't hold them back much longer.
So instead, I look up.
As long as I look up, she'll be there. We'll be connected, no matter where we are.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: So blue...
This is the sky I've been averting my gaze from all these years.
But now I can stare straight at it without fear.
I'm by myself, but I don't feel alone.
Masaya: ...I see.
Those words leak from my mouth as I come to a realization.
Masaya: I'm in the sky...
On that day when I realized I wasn't invincible...
The world across the blue grew hazy, and I thought I'd lost the place I belonged.
I thought that I didn't deserve to be up here.
But after that, thanks to all the time I've spent with my friends, through the laughter and the tears and the frustration...
...I once again, without even realizing it, started to belong again.
I slowly close my eyes.
Masaya: Thank you.
I mutter a short sentence that's instantly blown away by the wind.
Who am I even thanking?
Everyone, but also no one.
Maybe I'm just showing my gratitude to the sky that's always been there for me.
I open my eyes once more and try to get one last look in.
The blue sky spreads out into the distance, just as it did back then.
Masaya: Right, time to go.
I gently clap my cheeks and stretch out my arms.
The morning sun is poking its head out on other side of the horizon, so it's almost dawn.
You can't gloss over the problems in this world with beauty.
Jealousy and regret tend to gather in a stagnating pool that prevents a person from moving forward with their life.
I know full well that life is a constant struggle. It isn't some fantasyland where everything always goes well for you.
Eventually, your legs will seize up, and you'll try to avert your eyes from whatever overwhelms you.
But even still, you'll never see what lies ahead if you don't keep fighting. There's a lot to love in the world, so you have to take the good with the bad.
And so, we'll fly forward.
We'll carve our own path across the blue... where our future lies.
★: Aokana -Four Rhythms Across the Blue- -- End
Misaki wriggles around to face me while leaning forward. I lean in as well.
As her face approaches mine...
Misaki: Mmm...
Our lips connect.
Mmm!
Her lips are soft, yet it feels like a pointed needle has been hammered right into my very core.
Misaki: Mmm, mwah...
Masaya: Mmm...
We nibble on each other's lips.
Misaki: Haaah... Mmm!
We're in the bathtub, so I should be cold, but I'm burning up more than anything.
Misaki: Mmm... Mwah.... Mwah...
We've kissed loads of times by now, but I'm still just not used to it.
Every time she stimulates my lips, and every time I stimulate hers, my feelings of love for her swell up inside me.
We just finished having sex... and yet it's already evident that neither of us are going to be able to stop.
Misaki: Mmmph!
Misaki takes my upper lip between hers and starts squidging down on it, as if confirming the feel.
Misaki: Mmm... Mwah...
She sucks on my lip.
Masaya: Mmm...
At first it felt good, but...
Misaki: Mwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
As I place my hands on her shoulders and pull my head back, there's a loud pop as if a suction pad was just removed from glass.
Masaya: Nnnh!
I might have internal bleeding after this. Though at least people won't think my lips are red from hickies...
Masaya: It hurts when you suck that hard.
Misaki: I see... This is how hard I have to suck to hurt you, huh?
Misaki dons a mischievous face, then raises a finger to her lips and giggles.
Misaki: I was testing out something for my next move.
Huh?
Masaya: A test? For what, exactly?
What'd she learn from sucking hard on my lips? Hell, is there anything to learn from sucking that hard on a person?
Misaki: Jeez... You totes already know.
She says, squirming in embarrassment, but I honestly have no idea.
Misaki: Well then...
Misaki clears her throat in an exaggerated manner.
Misaki: Graduating Representative Masaya Hinata-kun. Stand.
Masaya: ...Graduating?
Misaki: Isn't that the first thing you think of when asking someone to stand?
Masaya: I mean, I see where you're coming from, but what the hell am I graduating from?
Misaki seems to seriously consider this for a moment.
Misaki: Hmm... From me, maybe?
Masaya: Please, I'm begging you, don't make me graduate.
Misaki: Hmm... Well, if it's not from me, then maybe from tomorrow?
Masaya: You mean from my life?
Who knew life was so fragile.
Misaki: It's fine, c'mon! Stand already!
Masaya: Uh, but like, if I stand, then... Well...
Misaki gives me a firm nod.
Misaki: I know, I've been feeling it pressing against my back for a while now. You're already standing, aint'cha?
Masaya: Talk about cliche! What are you, an old man?!
Misaki: How dare you call such a beautiful young lady an old man! Just stand up already!
Masaya: ...You realize what you're asking, right?
Misaki's face stiffens, but she forces a smile.
Misaki: I wouldn't be saying this if I wasn't already purrfectly prepared.
Masaya: True... I mean, it's fine by me, but are you gonna be okay? We did just go at it...
Misaki: If you're fine, Masaya, then so am I. I'm suggesting this, so just relax.
Masaya: Fair point.
If it was too much for her, she probably wouldn't have brought it up.
Misaki: How long do you plan on sitting around? Need me to grab hold of your sides and hoist you up?
Masaya: I'm not a kid.
Should I hide my front when I stand up? No, that wouldn't be manly. If anything, I should thrust my hips forward and make a proud display of... Nah, that'd be overkill.
Just be natural about it. Yeah.
As if!
No normal moment in life involves showing off your junk. If you're showing it off, something strange is afoot. That's a fact, clear and simple.
Masaya: ......
I breathe a sigh.
Perhaps, and I think this will fade at some point, but perhaps I find the idea of Misaki looking at my loins embarrassing.
However, more than that, I'm also happy that she wants to look at them. If anything, I think I actually want her to look at them, too.
Normally, I just can't understand exhibitionists, but right now I kinda get it.
And if that's how I feel, I just need to go along with it.
I place my hands on the sides of the bathtub and stand up with a splash.
Misaki: Ah...!
I'm not thrusting it out, but there it is, completely erect.
Misaki: O-Okay, this is my second time seeing it up close, so I'm fine. I'm fine, I'm fine... I'm fine.
She keeps muttering "I'm fine" to herself, like she's trying to convince herself that it's true.
Misaki: ......
She just stares at me as I hold my breath.
I'm starting to get itchy from her gaze.
Masaya: Misaki?
Misaki: ......
She just keeps on staring.
Masaya: Misaki-san?
Misaki: ......
Her gaze is fixed on me with a degree of concentration I only usually see from her when she's challenging somebody to a dogfight.
Masaya: Um, Misaki-san? Misaki-san?
Misaki: ......
The serious, pointed gaze from Misaki is drilling straight into my urethra.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: Misaki! Earth to Misaki!
Misaki: Huh?
Misaki finally hears my calls and snaps her head up in surprise, an awkward smile on her face.
Misaki: Uh... Hehehe, soooooo, um... You mean Misaki-sama, right?
Why can't she hide her embarrassment like a normal person?
Misaki: I already trained you to call me that... Haaah, it's a rough life, having a manservant with such poor memory.
Masaya: ...Misaki-sama. I do sort of understand why you're just staring at it.
I spent quite a lot of time staring at her pussy earlier, after all.
Masaya: But you're being so serious that it's kinda scaring me.
Misaki: Hahaha, I didn't mean to get all serious. B-But like... um... well... I'm about to, uh... Hahahahaha, I mean, y'know, right? Hahahahahahaha.
Her hollow laughter echoes through the bathroom before her mouth snaps straight shut.
Misaki: ......
She splashes both hands hard into the water.
Misaki: I-I'm gonna do it. Masaya Hinata, I am going to pleasure you with my mouth!
Masaya: Yeah, when you act like that, all I can picture is Satouin-san.
Misaki: This is payback for what you did to me with your mouth... I mean, revenge? Retribution? Retaliation?
Masaya: Can't we just go with "returning the favor"?
Why's she gotta add malice into it? I know she's joking, but I've got my vitals completely exposed here. It's seriously scary.
Misaki: You used your mouth on me earlier, so now I'm going to use my mouth on you.
Masaya: Well, I'm really happy about that, but do you know how?
Misaki: 'Course I do!
With that, Misaki gnashes her white teeth at me.
Masaya: That's <i>really</i> scary!
Misaki: Don't worry, I won't cut it clean off.
Masaya: I would hope not! Please try to avoid biting it at all, if possible!
Misaki: Just so you know, I wouldn't do that if you simply cheated on me. But if you ever so much as think about breaking up with me, I'll bite it clean off. It's quite audacious of you to have me lick you, so ensure you're willing to bear that fate.
Masaya: I'm <i>totally</i> down.
Misaki: Hm, I guess I sounded kinda crazy there, huh?
Masaya: Bit late for that... Just don't worry about it.
Misaki: Not the most convincing thing you've ever said...
Misaki splashes her hands around in the water some more, looking bewildered.
Misaki: Mmm... This is my first relationship, so I'm not that good with the whole expressing emotions thing. B-But anyway, I love you, Masaya.
Masaya: I love you too, Misaki.
Misaki: R-Right.
Wrinkles appear around Misaki's eyes as she slams them shut.
Misaki: I wanna make you feel good. So, um... Well...
Masaya: I want you to make me feel good, too.
Tensing up a little, Misaki nods.
Misaki: Okay, here goes nothing.
She slowly brings her lips toward my tip, then presses them gently against it.
Masaya: Mmm!
Perhaps it's because she's been staring at me for so long, but that light touch alone sends pleasure coursing through me.
Misaki: Is this swollen bit at the top more sensitive than the other places?
Masaya: Yeah, that's the most sensitive part.
Misaki: Hm, figured.
She sounds impressed.
Misaki: Right then...
Stretching out her tongue, she licks around the tip.
Each movement makes something close to a chill race up my spine.
Misaki: Mmm, mmm... Mmmph...
Her tongue continues to crawl.
Misaki: It's just as smooth as it looks. Kinda cute, even.
Masaya: It's cute? If I had to say, I'd probably call it ugly.
Misaki: You're gonna hurt the little man if you talk like that!
Masaya: Don't call it a little man.
Misaki: But it is. Your arms and legs might not have a mind, but this one does.
Masaya: I get your point.
The way it doesn't always do as I say, sometimes getting erect all on its own, does occasionally make me question if it has a will of its own.
Misaki: It's just too different from any other body part. It feels like it got stuck on later... kinda like a different organism... Maybe men are infected by alien parasites? Or it's the parasites that make you a man?
Masaya: Stop getting caught up in your wild fantasies and focus on the blowjob, please.
Misaki: Lemme put it simply for you, then. If I don't take breaks like this and do the sexy stuff slowly, my heart and mind are gonna break down from stress. It's like FC. You gotta warm up with field flying first, understand?
Misaki kisses my tip again.
Misaki: But... I guess it's about time to get serious.
Masaya: Mmm!
She opens her mouth and swallows my tip carefully, as if feeling each of my contours in turn.
Misaki: Mmm... Mmm... Mmm!
Then, her tongue starts to crawl around it like she's licking a particularly large piece of candy.
Masaya: Ah, ngh!
I can't believe this is happening to me.
Misaki: Mwah... Mmm! Mmm... Mmm!
I thought she'd just move it back and forth in her mouth, like what she did when she gave me the titjob, but she's actually running her tongue over every nook and cranny.
Maybe she did some extra special research on the internet?
My dick seems to grow more sensitive with every lick.
Masaya: Ah, haaah, haaah...
I fight against my hips as they try and twitch about without my permission. We've only just started, so it would be embarrassing to let that happen.
Misaki: So? Does it feel good?
Masaya: Y-Yeah, great.
Misaki smiles, seemingly delighted from the bottom of her heart.
Misaki: Great. Now it's time for the real thing, then... Mmm!
She shoves my dick back into her mouth.
Masaya: Hm?
I thought her lips were going to continue down my shaft, but she stuffs my tip into her cheeks and stops.
Misaki: Mwah!
Masaya: Mmm!
Misaki turns her mouth into a vacuum, sucking hard.
Misaki: Mmm, mwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
For a moment, my vision goes blank.
Ngh?! Wh-What? What is this?!
I clamp my mouth shut and stiffen up as I try to endure the powerful stimulus.
There's no denying it feels good, but...
I-It hurts.
Even so, I can't just go and tell Misaki to stop when she's finally giving me a blowjob.
Misaki: Mwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Masaya: Agh!
It goes without saying, but the tip of my dick has never received such stimulus. Maybe people with more masochistic tendencies do it, but I don't even rub it when jerking myself off.
Misaki: Mmm, mwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
The fragile equilibrium between pain and pleasure is broken. It hurts so bad that I can't endure another second.
Masaya: Ngh!
I-I can't take this.
Masaya: Stop! Stop! Time out, break!
Misaki looks up at me blankly.
Misaki: Huh? Are you gonna cum already? W-Wow, I'm amazing! Go ahead and cum, then!
Masaya: No, no! I'm not!
Misaki: How many times do I have to tell you not to be embarrassed?! \nMwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Masaya: Hmph!
I chop straight down on Misaki's head, which makes her release my dick with a pop.
Misaki: Y-You hit me! You hit me while I was sucking you off! Th-This is domestic violence!
Masaya: I'm the one on the receiving end of the violence here.
Misaki: Hm? What do you mean? Like, violent pleasure or something?
Masaya: Not exactly...
Whoa.
The tip of my dick is even redder than normal.
So that's what happens when you suck on it hard...
Masaya: Where'd you learn about this?
Misaki: Huh? Well, I didn't have any friends who could actually show me, so naturally, I looked it up online...
Masaya: You watched videos?
Misaki: Videos were, well... too much for me, so I couldn't get through the first three minutes. I mean, y'know how it is. There are mosaics on them, so I couldn't really tell what I was looking at...
Misaki flusters as I press her for details.
Misaki: I looked up images instead. They still had mosaics on them, so I couldn't completely make things out, but I at least know what the woman is supposed to do!
The thought of Misaki typing dirty words into Google makes me feel faint, but all the effort she put into this makes me just want to hug her tight, too.
But that aside...
Misaki: If I made a mistake, it's not my fault! The blame lies with the images and videos! We live in a society where only fake info comes up in the search results!
Masaya: That's a hell of a thing to shift the blame to.
I think that answers a lot of my questions.
Misaki stares up at me through nervous eyes.
Misaki: Did I make a mistake?
Masaya: Yeah.
Ah, I get it now.
When she said she was testing things by sucking on my lip, that was for this. That's where the misunderstanding came from.
She basically only watched the start of the videos, too. I can't imagine they went much beyond licking and maybe light sucking in the first three minutes, so it gave her the wrong impression of what this actually is.
Misaki: Wh-Where'd I go wrong?
Masaya: At the very start.
Misaki's eyes widen.
Misaki: Seriously?!
Masaya: Just do the same as you did with the titjob. Rub it up and down.
Misaki: Huh? Oh, really? But, like, everyone in the images licked the tip and took it into their mouths and stuff.
The "everyone in the images" bit of her sentence gives me a bad feeling.
Masaya: Then you just have to take it deeper in your mouth, obviously.
Misaki: I-Is that so...?
Masaya: The licking and sucking does feel good, but whether you're using your hands, tits, mouth, or whatever, the basic way to please a man is just moving back and forth over the tip.
Misaki: I'm glad I made the mistake before I went and boasted about my sexual knowledge.
Who the hell was she planning on talking to about all this?
Masaya: Also, the tip is really sensitive, so if you suck on it hard, it's gonna hurt.
Misaki: Did I hurt you?
Masaya: It hurt like hell.
Misaki: I'm sorry! I really didn't mean to.
Masaya: I know you didn't mean to, so you don't have to apologize.
Misaki: Still, I'm sorry.... Man, it's exactly like my own sensitive spot...
She mutters words of understanding before a flirtatious smile graces her face.
Misaki: It meowst be so tough being a man.
Masaya: Sure is.
Misaki: Haaah, there's still so much I don't know about sex. Hahahaha! But talking like this is fun too, right?
Masaya: Yeah, it is pretty fun.
I pat Misaki on the head.
She may have looked up dirty images and videos on the internet, but her mistake is no big deal. Everyone was <i>technically</i> using their mouths.
And now, she's actually doing that stuff to me.
Of course, not everything's going to go completely smoothly.
Misaki: Hmm, so all I have to do is rub this shaft section with my mouth?
Masaya: Exactly. Like I said, just do the same as you did with your tits, only with your mouth this time.
Misaki: Got it. But... um, it's so big and long... How do I fit it in my mouth? Oh, I get it. I just have to bend it in half.
Masaya: If you bend it, I'll pass out from the pain. It's not like you have to take it all the way down your throat. Just get as much in as you can. I'm sure that'll feel more than good enough.
Misaki: I see...
Misaki falls silent, seemingly gathering her resolve.
Misaki: Okay, I'll try it out. Oh, but first...
She pokes out her lips and gives my reddened tip a light kiss.
Misaki: Sorry for hurting you.
She mutters those words before gobbling up my swollen tip, narrowing her lips, and advancing them down my shaft.
Unlike before, a gentle pleasure spreads through me.
Masaya: You don't have to force yourself.
Misaki: Mmm! Mmm, mmm...
Misaki carefully moves her mouth forward, checking how much of it she can take at once.
Misaki: Mmm!
When she suddenly clamps her eyes shut and stiffens up with a twitch, I imagine I just hit the back of her throat.
Masaya: I told you, you don't have to force yourself.
Misaki: Mmm!
She remains still before slowly withdrawing her mouth.
Misaki: Pwah!
Mouth freed, she takes a gulp of air like she's fresh out of the water.
Misaki: How was that? I didn't make a mistake, did I?
Masaya: You didn't, but you really don't have to take it that far in.
Misaki: I know. If it kept knocking against the back of my throat, I'd have puked.
If she threw up while sucking me off, I'd feel the ultimate sense of rejection. I'd be traumatized.
Misaki: If there's anything I can improve, tell me.
Masaya: You could tighten your lips some more. Oh, and I'd like it if you could go faster, but there's no need to push yourself.
Misaki: Tighter and faster, huh? Hehehehe! I am the type of girl who always rises to a challenge!
There's a dangerous air to what she's just said.
Masaya: You really don't need to push yourself.
We're not playing sports here. I'll be in trouble if she tries to set a score.
Misaki: When using your mouth, go at it like you're trying to sharpen a pencil.
Masaya: For the love of god, don't.
Misaki: Don't worry. I'll do everything I can to make you feel <i>real</i> good, Masaya... Mmm!
How many restarts does that make this now?
Is this what everyone's first time is like?
Well, not like there's any point worrying about that now...
This is between me and Misaki. It doesn't matter how other people do things.
This is us.
Misaki: Mmm!
Misaki tightens her lips hard, then goes at about the same speed down my shaft, before heading back up it.
Misaki: Mmm!
She stops when she reaches the base of my tip, then once again pushes her head forward.
Misaki: Mwah.... Mmm! Mmm, mwah, mmm, mwah...
She repeats this several times over, like she's trying to get a feel for it.
Misaki: Mmm... Mmm, mmm, mmmmmm!
H-Holy shit, Misaki's actually giving me a blowjob.
I'm suddenly overcome by such an obvious fact.
Misaki: Haaah, how was that? Should I just do it harder and faster?
Masaya: If you could, I think it would feel amazing.
Misaki: Got it. I think I might be getting the hang of this.
Smiling, Misaki stuffs me back in her mouth.
She's sucking me off with a smile on her face.
This is a sight that has my heart pounding.
Maybe it's rude to think this over a simple blowjob, but...
I've fallen even deeper in love with her.
Misaki: Mwah... Mmm! Mmm!
Occasionally, she comes unstuck due to her awkward actions, but her movements get smoother before long.
Misaki: Ah, mmm... How ish it, Mashaya?
Masaya: Mmm, feels good.
Misaki: Hahah... I'm sho happy. Mwah!
It's completely different from when I touch myself. There are the obvious differences, sure, like how Misaki's doing this for me, and how a mouth feels completely different from a hand, but that's not all.
Misaki: Mmm... Mmm! Slrrrp!
My tip is so sensitive right now that the pleasure is almost a sharp pain.
However, that pain forms a part of the pleasure.
Whoa!
I had no idea I had this side to me.
Misaki: Mwah, mwah, mmm!
Misaki did say that pain could be good, and I think I finally know where she's coming from.
Misaki: Mmm... Mwah, mwah. Mmm... Ah!
The pleasure is increasing, but there's also pain in it.
This pleasure, with nowhere else to go, rushes into me, making my hips twitch. I can no longer keep my legs steady as they clatter together and threaten to give out.
Misaki: Pwah... Wh-Whoa, you enjoying this, Masaya?
Masaya: Haaah, haaah, I sure am.
Misaki: O-Of course. You've been letting out tons of lewd moans, so I figured as much.
Masaya: Huh? I-I've been moaning?
Misaki: You have. What, didn't notice?
Masaya: Nope, it just happened, I guess.
Misaki wriggles around in the water.
Misaki: When I hear your moans while licking your dick, it... m-makes me feel funny too.
Misaki's face is flushed red as she stares up at me.
I know she's not just "feeling funny."
Masaya: Looks like you're turned on too, Misaki.
Misaki: It's all your fault, Masaya!
Masaya: Why's that?
Misaki: B-Because! If you make me do something dirty like licking your dick, then force me to listen to your moans, I'm obviously gonna get real turned on!
Masaya: ......
Misaki: When it looks like you're enjoying it, I feel happy... Huh?
I stroke Misaki's head.
Masaya: I know how you feel now, so I bet this will feel even better for me.
Misaki: ...I'll pleasure you more, then.
Misaki takes me into her mouth with the speed of a carnivore gobbling down its prey.
Misaki: Mmm...
Then, she tightens her lips hard around my dick.
Misaki: Mwah, mwah... Masaya, ah, mmm!
She starts going faster than she did before.
Masaya: Ah, haaah... Mmm!
Misaki: Mwah... Ahhh, ah... Masaya... you're too dirty.
Masaya: You're the dirty one here, Misaki.
Saliva dribbles from the corners of Misaki's mouth as dirty squelches fill the bathroom.
Misaki: Mmm! Haaah, mwah, mmm, mwah!
The mix of pleasure and pain has me unable to think straight. Dunno why, but the thought of Misaki having her way with me feels undeniably good.
Misaki: Mwah... Mwah, mmm, Mashaya... Mmmmmm!
Think I'm about to lose it.
Misaki: Mmm... Mwah!
My dick begins to twitch inside Misaki's mouth with every squelching move she makes.
Misaki: Mmm, ah, Masaya, no running now. Mmm!
As she pulls her lips back, I twitch and escape her mouth. However, not a moment later, she's got it back in her mouth again, stroking it hard.
Her actions are so incredibly indecent that I'm feeling giddy.
Misaki: Nnnh... I love you, ah! Ah, mmm! Mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah!
It feels like sparks are flying out of my nose. I'm reaching my limit.
Masaya: Ah, haaah... Mmm! Ah, I think I'm gonna cum.
Misaki: O-Okay. Mwah, mwah... Mwah!
My spine tenses and my knees feel weak. She's just playing with my dick, but it has my whole body about to blow.
I'm gonna break.
The moment I have that thought, a strong pleasure rushes through me, making my dick pulsate wildly.
Masaya: Ah! I'm cumming... Ahhh!
My whole body seems to jump as I feel semen rushing from my depths.
Misaki: Mmm!
I erupt inside Misaki's mouth, my whole body burning up.
Misaki: Ah! Mm! Mmmmmm!
She twitches and stiffens, her lips contracting.
Misaki: Mgh, mmm... Mmm!
Her throat begins to wriggle.
She's drinking it.
Masaya: You really don't need to do that for me.
Misaki: Mmm! Mwah... Mmm!
Misaki ignores me and sucks on my dick like a straw before relinquishing it with a pop.
Misaki: Mmm. Ack, ugh... Ack...!
She shuts her eyes in pain and coughs like she's choking.
Masaya: You okay?
Misaki: Ack...! Mmm! Ugh... Ack! Mgh... P-Poison. I've ingested poison... Ugh, it sprayed down my throat...
Masaya: Humans can't emit poison! Did my cum go down the wrong pipe or something?
Misaki: Ack, ugh...! Ack...!
Misaki continues to cough violently.
Masaya: Um, uhhh...
Wh-What should I do? How am I supposed to know what to do when cum gets stuck in a girl's throat?! I've never even heard of it happening!
Masaya: Oh, water? Water! You wanna drink some water? A cup... Let's see... Where are the cups...?
Misaki: Mmm!
Misaki turns on the bath's faucet, scoops some water into her mouth, then gargles with it.
Guess you don't really need a cup in times of emergency.
Misaki continues to gargle and, once she finishes, spits it out into the drain outside of the tub.
Misaki: Sorry for showing you something so disgusting.
Masaya: Thank you for going all that way for me. And really, it wasn't disgusting at all.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah... Do you not like me drinking it, then?
Masaya: Of course I do. It makes me stupidly happy, but I feel like you're forcing yourself... and like, um... I'm sorry.
Misaki: Hahahahaha, you don't have to be sorry. I felt like pushing myself... Y'know, uh, I was excited too, so if I didn't do that, I wouldn't have calmed down.
I stroke her head.
Masaya: Thank you.
Misaki: Hahahahahaha.
Masaya: Why are you bursting into laughter now?
Misaki: Isn't sex, like, <i>really</i> weird? But then, like, I have a coughing fit, and gargle, which is super normal... Hahahaha!
Misaki's eyes sparkle as she looks up at me.
Misaki: Uhhh... I can't really phrase it well, but when I think about how having sex with you is actually kinda normal...
Misaki gives a small nod.
Misaki: When I thought that, it made me so happy that I started laughing.
I stare at Misaki in blank amazement.
Misaki: Hm? What's up?
Masaya: When I think about how you started laughing over that, my chest feels all weird and, uh... Well, I'm still kinda worried about what's in your mouth, but I get the urge to pull you close and kiss you all over.
Like, a <i>real</i> bad urge.
Misaki: There's nothing left in my mouth, so you don't have to worry about that!
A smile explodes onto her face.
Misaki: Kiss me, Masaya!
She yells.
Misaki flaps the sleeves of her deep blue yukata around.
Misaki: So? Do I look good? You've gotta wear a yukata to watch fireworks, y'know?
Masaya: I knew you'd look good in a yukata, Misaki, but damn. You're super cute.
Misaki: Y-You think so?
She asks with an embarrassed smile on her face.
Misaki: Heh... C'mon, c'mon, tell me, how is it?
Misaki spins around flirtatiously.
Masaya: Cute, I mean it.
Misaki: Hahahahaha, now you're making meow embarrassed. Mmm...
Misaki leans forward and stares at me through upturned eyes.
Misaki: You really think I'm cute? You're not just saying it?
Masaya: I really think you're cute.
Misaki: Mwahahahahahahaha!
Masaya: Don't laugh like you're some evil mafia boss.
Misaki: You know how I get when you compliment me! I'm so happy that I don't know what to do!
Amazing... I have a girlfriend that turns into an evil mafia boss when she's happy.
Misaki: Ahhh, I'm so happy you called me cute.
Her pure, blissful joy is starting to even make me happy.
Masaya: So, what now? Just wander around over there until the fireworks start?
Misaki: You say that, but it's not even evening yet.
Misaki raises a hand to the neck of her yukata.
Misaki: These yukatas are pretty hot, y'know? I don't really wanna go walking around outside while the sun's up.
Masaya: Oh, true. Weird how they look so cool.
Misaki claps at her obi.
Misaki: This keeps the heat in, and its not very breathable, so it gets all stuffy. It's embarrassing when you start sweating, too. Also, it's tiring to walk in.
Masaya: Do you have to change how you walk?
Misaki: If you just walk normally, the hem gets all turned up. Don't you want me to do the adorable pigeon-stepping thing now that you finally get to see me in a yukata?
Masaya: I wasn't thinking of putting in any requests for how you walk.
Misaki narrows her eyes to glare at me.
Misaki: Jeez! Girls do all this so boys will notice, y'know?! So you need to pay attention and compliment me for it! I personally think that's the foundation of a successful relationship.
Masaya: ...I'll do my best.
It's going to be impossible for me to catch everything, but, well... seeing Misaki happy makes me happy.
Misaki: Anyway, that aside, since I went to all the trouble of putting this yukata on, I should make sure I walk cutely too, right?
Masaya: Good point.
Misaki: Like I said earlier, if you just clop around like normal in a yukata, then the hem gets turned up and you look all improper.
Masaya: Hm, I think you'd still look cute even if you were a bit improper.
And I'm pretty sure she doesn't "clop around" normally, either.
Misaki's shoulders slump in dejection.
Misaki: Haaah, it's so hard to have conversations with your boyfriend when he's into the kinky stuff.
Masaya: I only said you're cute, nothing about sex.
You'd have to be a real degenerate to get turned on by how someone walks.
Misaki: Anyway, walking around all carefully in the heat while wearing a yukata is purretty tiring, so I don't wanna go out while the sun's up. That's that. The wandering around can wait until this evening.
Masaya: Then we can just lounge around here for two or three hours.
Misaki: Pull yourself together! What do you think will happen if a young man and woman lounge around together?! Making out, that's what!
Masaya: Yes, I would be delighted to make out with you... So, any requests?
Misaki: Haaah, jeez. What a completely hopurrless boyfriend you are.
Masaya: Well, you've obviously set things up so we can make out, but even now that I know what's happening, I still don't know exactly the best course of action.
Misaki: I have the perfect gift for someone as hopeless as you, Masaya.
Misaki grabs something from the desk.
Misaki: Tada! A straw rope.
Masaya: ...A straw rope?
Misaki: Yes, a straw rope... Hm?
Misaki panics and shakes her hand.
Misaki: Oh, um, I'm not inviting you to use this and enter a dazzling world of strange and abnormal fetishes, alright?
Masaya: That's what you're asking, huh...? Alright, I'm on board.
Misaki: Don't be! I said I wasn't inviting you!
Masaya: But what other use does straw rope have?
Misaki: Apologize! Apologize to the Japanese farming community at once! Say that you're sorry for being so perverse to our agricultural workers!
Masaya: Oh, right, it's used for farming...
Misaki: Though they have a lot of more convenient things for agriculture nowadays, so I guess they might not see as much use. I was cleaning out the shed with Grandma this morning when I found it.
Masaya: So, how does this straw rope tie in to the whole making out thing?
It's common to use movies or games as an excuse to start making out, but I've never heard of someone using a straw rope for it. Must be some ground-breaking new method.
I doubt she's about to say she'll tie me up and have some fun.
Misaki: I thought I could tie you up and have some fun, Masaya.
Aaand she said it.
Man, I have one terrifying girlfriend.
Masaya: So you are inviting me to enter a dazzling world of strange and abnormal fetishes!
Misaki: I told you I'm not! I wasn't thinking of tying you up and doing something dirty. I was thinking more that I could restrain you with it, then hit and kick you...
Masaya: That's just cruel.
Misaki: This is my only chance to relieve my umbrage--
Masaya: Wow, can't believe you know the word umbrage.
Doubt that's something that comes up in everyday life.
Misaki grins.
Misaki: Um, so, y'know how this house is so old it has its beams exposed?
Masaya: Beams? Oh, you mean those pillar things below the ceiling. Yeah, you don't see them often in new builds.
Over near the door, just below the ceiling, is an exposed horizontal pillar. You see them a lot in old houses in movies and anime, but not so much in real life nowadays.
Misaki: First, we pass the rope around the beam like this.
She throws the end of the rope around the beam.
Misaki: C'mon, Masaya. Come over here.
Masaya: What the hell are you planning?
Misaki: Okay, reach out both hands and put your wrists together.
Masaya: ...I asked what the hell you're doing.
Misaki stares back at me in displeasure.
Misaki: Tying you up, what about it?
Masaya: Don't you "what about it" me. I don't want you to hit and kick me.
Misaki: I was joking about that, duh! All I really want is to see you tied up, unable to move. You're usually so reliable, but I'd love to see you all helpless and begging me to free you.
Masaya: You're not joking about that, huh?
Misaki: Nope. This is what I desire.
She says that in a calm tone.
Masaya: Haaah, so I'm gonna have to beg, am I?
Misaki: Just once is fine. Just once. Think of it as thanks for letting you see me looking all cute in this yukata, yeah? Just once. Really, just once. Just twice!
Masaya: Don't try and sneak the number up!
Misaki: I swear, no more than three times!
Masaya: Fine, fine... C'mon.
I hold my hands out as instructed.
Well, whatever. If we don't come up with some sort of pretext, I'm never gonna get to run my hands all over her and make out.
Being touched by someone in and of itself requires resolve and courage. But being touched by someone for the purposes of making out also requires wisdom.
Unless you have something that lets you know your partner is willing, you can't proceed to the fun stuff.
It may be a rather eccentric idea, but Misaki seems to like it, so I may as well play along. Besides, it's not like I came up with any good ideas...
Misaki: Now we wrap the rope around your wrists, and... There, relax your arms.
Masaya: ......
Misaki tugs on the rope, pulling my arms up as the rope tightens around them.
Misaki: Perfect.
Masaya: This is perfect to you?
Nothing about this seems particularly perfect to me.
Misaki: You can't really move, huh?
Masaya: Because I'm hanging from my arms.
Misaki nods in satisfaction, then claps her hands together in front of her chest.
Misaki: Right, we need some decorations.
She comes back with her arms full of six of the Mr. Shitous that had been decorating her shelf.
Masaya: You've got more of them.
Misaki: They multiply when I leave them alone.
Masaya: Plushies with the ability to self-replicate, huh?
These guys get scarier and scarier. At this rate, their population will explode exponentially, and there'll be no going back from that.
Misaki: They're in different places when I wake up in the morning, they talk to each other at night, and they come back when I throw them away. They're really weird plushies.
Misaki keeps making scary jokes as she forms a circle of Mr. Shitous around my feet.
Misaki: Right then, Masaya. It's unfortunate that this happened, but I need to leave the room now.
Masaya: Come again?
Misaki: Last night, I promised the Mr. Shitous that I'd sacrifice you to them.
Masaya: Without even asking me first?
I've never heard of someone make such an absurd arrangement without getting permission.
Misaki: The Mr. Shitous said that if I didn't, they'd set 30-50 wild boars on Grandma's fields within 3-5 minutes...
Masaya: That sounds bad, but is it bad enough to sacrifice me?
Misaki: Okay, please enjoy...
Masaya: Huh? You're actually going?
Misaki walks out into the corridor alone, mercilessly closing the door behind her.
......
Misaki: ...Oh, you're still alive.
Masaya: You were really trying to kill me, huh?
Misaki: Were you scared?
Masaya: The Mr. Shitous were scary, but so was thinking that you actually wanted to try out abandonment roleplay.
Where the hell'd she find the resolve to leave me alone for a whole hour?
Misaki: Hahahahaha! That wasn't what I was doing, silly!
Not very convincing, considering how she tied me up.
Misaki: When you said you were coming to my place before the fireworks, I figured we could eat something together, so I made some pudding.
Now that she mentions it, she is holding some pudding.
Misaki: This is your girlfriend's homemade pudding!
Misaki places one load on the desk, then approaches me while scooping up some pudding with a spoon.
Misaki: Hehehehe. You can't feed yourself while you're all tied up like that, now can you?
The pudding-laden spoon slowly closes in on me...
Misaki: Say aaah.
Masaya: Aaah...
Misaki: Just kidding...
Right before the spoon reaches me, Misaki pulls it back.
Masaya: Ah!
Misaki: Just kidding. Here.
This time, the spoon reaches my mouth.
Misaki: Is it good?
Masaya: It's great... Real cold and sweet.
Just your typical delicious pudding.
Misaki: Anything fed to you by your adorable, yukata-wearing girlfriend is gonna taste great, right?
Masaya: I think it would taste even better if I could move my hands...
Misaki: I think it's a bit too soon for that, Masaya. Here, say aaah.
Masaya: Aaah.
Misaki: Just kidding, this time it's mine. Mmm, delicious.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Hahahaha! Don't give me that look! You're like a dog that's been told to go home halfway through a walk. This time it's yours. Aaah.
Masaya: Aaah.
Misaki: Just kidding, mine again!
Misaki: Next is you!
Misaki: Next is you! I jest, and make you think I'm eating it.
Misaki: As I tell you to say aaah... I gobble it all up.
Misaki: Okay, next is for Mr. Shitou. Say aaah.
Misaki smiles in satisfaction as she unties my hands.
Misaki: Ahhh, that was fun.
Masaya: I'm exhausted. Like, how is that like making out at all?
Misaki: Mmm... Well, it's more like bullying, I'd say? But every guy dreams of being bullied by his cute girlfriend, right?
Masaya: Can't say that's one of my fetishes, no.
Misaki: Aight, think it's about time we went out?
Masaya: Hold up. It's your turn now, Misaki. I can't let you get away with bullying me for free.
This whole affair has been way too one-sided.
Misaki: Huh? Well, if you insist, I suppose I can consider it...
Misaki glares at me, fear in her eyes.
Misaki: But if you give a boy a rope, he's definitely gonna use it for something weird.
Masaya: I'm not gonna use it for anything sexual, don't worry.
Misaki: Promise?
Masaya: I promise.
Misaki: Well, in that case, I <i>suppose</i> I can let you bully me a little. But will you really be able to do it, Meowsaya? This isn't FC practice, y'know? Do you have the right mind for love meowking?
Misaki combs her long, dark hair aside, seeming ever so composed as she looks over at me.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
Misaki is now tied up by her hands, just like I was, only this time connected to a beam close to the veranda. She's panting for breath hard.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Her cheeks are red, and a thin layer of sweat covers her forehead.
Misaki: I'm at my limit. Please, Masaya... just forgive me.
Masaya: I've only just begun.
Misaki: Nnnh! Nnnh! O-Only just started? No... Uhyo, ahyah! Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha! No, no, w-w-wait, hehehahahahahahaha, I'm sorry! I said I'm sorry!
I have my hands at Misaki's sides, rubbing my fingertips all over her.
Misaki: Ahyahyahyahyahya, I'm sorry! I'm really sorry! I said I'm at my limit! I really can't! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Masaya: Will you listen to anything I say?
Misaki: Hehya, buhahahahahahahaha, I will! I'll listen! To anything you say! I'll be your slave, so just stop already!
I rest my tickling hands.
Masaya: But now that I think about it, there's not all that much I wanna make you do.
Misaki: Th-That's actually purretty hurtful.
Masaya: I know you won't listen to me anyway, so I may as well just give you a little more tickle tickley...
Misaki: I'm sorry! You've already teased me enough. It's about time you undid the rope.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Hm?
Amid all the tickling, Misaki is rocking from side to side quite violently. Her hair is disheveled, and the yukata has come loose around her neck, rolled up around her thighs, revealing a lot of skin.
Misaki: Masaya-san? Masaya-san!
Masaya: Huh? Wh-What's up?
Misaki is swaying to and fro from the rope she's bound by, rubbing her exposed legs together in embarrassment.
Misaki: Are you, by any chance... Um... I-I'm probably just mistaken, but are you thinking something lewd? You're making that face you normally do...
Masaya: I'm about to take your bra off.
Misaki: ...Come again?
Misaki doesn't seem to understand what I've just said, so I state it plainly.
Masaya: You can't be dressed like that and wear a bra. It's wrong. We've gotta take it off.
Misaki: No?! Who said?! Hold up! Why are you going behind me?! Wawawa?! You're pulling the hook of my bra, twisting it, and now it's undone! When'd you get so good at this?!
Masaya: Probably after you gave me that lecture on how to do it right.
It's quite difficult to unhook a bra when you don't know how they work, but once you know, it's easy.
A mere bra is no longer an obstacle to me. I could even go up behind a girl who's walking along and unhook her bra from over her clothes if I felt mischievous... Not that I ever would.
Misaki: Ugh! I taught you that when you were in trouble... Who knew I'd dig my own grave?!
Masaya: Oh... But even unhooked, I can't get it off with the strings over your shoulders. Maybe I can cut them...
Misaki: W-Wait! This is my favorite bra... Please, anything but that.
Masaya: I'm kidding. Of course I'm not gonna go that far.
Misaki: Then how far were you planning on going...? Ahhh!
I lift up her bra over her chest.
Misaki: Awawa!
Naturally, this moves Misaki's large melons into full view. Her pink, slightly upward slanting nipples sway gently.
Seeing them makes me want to shout out in joy.
But instead of saying anything weird, I slowly gulp.
Masaya: Hm, your tits seem even cuter than normal, Misaki. Maybe it's 'cause you're wearing a yukata.
With that, I take a few steps back.
Misaki: M-Masaya-san? Where are you going?
Masaya: Oh, um... I just wanted to get a look at all of you. To have your whole body in my eyes...
Misaki: I can't hide my breasts with my hands strung up like this... Uwawa, this is so... Wh-What do I do?! At this rate, you're gonna do something dirty to me.
Masaya: I'm sorry to say, but that's exactly what's about to happen.
Misaki: Aww... And what are your impressions of seeing all of me?
I gulp again.
Masaya: The way you have your yukata spread out is unbelievably sexy.
Misaki: A-Aww, yeah... I kinda got that impression myself. Hahahaha! Obviously an innocent young man like you would get horny seeing this...
I approach Misaki and lean in.
Misaki: Mmm!
Then, I give her a gentle kiss.
Misaki: It really is true that men always go straight to sex.
Masaya: Any man would end up like this if the girl they love showed themselves off so plainly.
Misaki: Just so we're on the same page here, you're the one who strung me up and tickled me, Masaya.
Masaya: You thought this might happen though, didn't you?
Misaki: W-Well... I guess I thought it might be nice if it did happen.
Masaya: Might be nice, you say?
Misaki: N-No! I misspoke! I wasn't getting my hopes up or anything! I'm not a dirty girl, I'm-- Mmm!
I kiss Misaki again, this time reaching my hands out toward her large tits.
Misaki: Ah...
Her perfectly springy breasts threaten to push my fingers right back as I grope.
Misaki: Mmm! You've started... b-being dirty.
As I grope, the softness below her resilient skin is immediately apparent.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah... Whoa, being groped while tied up is... kinda scary.
Masaya: I'm not gonna do anything you wouldn't like.
Misaki: I-I know that... It's not what I mean... Mmm!
Masaya: What do you mean then?
Misaki: N-Nothing.
Misaki shakes her head, making her long hair even more disheveled.
Masaya: Hm...?
Misaki: S-So... just continue. Though if you want to stop, go right ahead.
Masaya: Come on, I'm not gonna want to stop.
I circle her soft nipples, different in feel to the rest of her boobs. The moment I flick up at both...
Misaki: Eek!
Misaki lets out a lewd shriek, her bound arms shaking as her shoulders contract.
As I pinch her nipples between my fingers, Misaki's shoulders sway and her moans of joy grow slightly higher in pitch.
Misaki: Hey, that's foul play... Ahhh!
Her nipples soon stiffen to a point.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah... Masayaaa...
There.
Misaki: Huh?
I remove my hands from her breasts, spread the hem of her yukata, and reach for her panties.
Masaya: I can take these off, yeah?
Misaki: Huh? Oh... U-Um, you can, uh... take them off, I guess... U-Umm! Uhhh...
Masaya: Whoa... You're so wet that I can see it through your panties.
Misaki: You don't have to say that out loud!
As I strip her panties...
Masaya: Have you ever been this wet before?
Misaki: I told you, you don't have to say that out loud! You know you shouldn't ask girls such delicate questions. It's unfair!
Holy shit, Misaki's really turned on.
Misaki's stripped panties are so wet that they feel heavy.
My throat dries up, as if I can feel Misaki's excitement directly.
I didn't even spend that much time touching her tits, so the fact she's like this...
Misaki: Awwwwww...
I gently kiss Misaki's brow as she lets out a low groan like a puppy trying to be menacing.
She always did exhibit some masochistic tendencies.
Masaya: Do you like this, Misaki?
Misaki snaps her head to the side.
Misaki: N-Not really, no.
Masaya: The anxiety isn't turning you on, then?
Misaki: Don't act like I'm some kinda pervert!
Masaya: I don't think it's all that perverted...
I take half a step back and reach out for her crotch.
Misaki: Huh? Mmm!
My fingers press against a small bump.
Masaya: Doesn't it make you anxious, having me only touch your sensitive little clit, with you unable to resist?
Misaki: Aww...
Masaya: This is all I'm touching, nowhere else.
Misaki: Huh...?
Masaya: Normally, I'd hug you and grope your tits and touch you all over, but right now it's just a fingertip against your clit.
Misaki: O-Obviously that's making me anxious!
Masaya: But you want it to keep going, don't you?
Misaki: Mm,, why are you being so cheek-- Ah, mmm!
I start rubbing at a fixed rhythm.
Misaki: Ah, h-hey, mmm!
A transparent tide gushes down Misaki's thighs.
Masaya: You are more turned on than usual, aren't you?
Misaki: N-No, I'm...
Masaya: You like this, don't you, Misaki?
Misaki: Awwwwwwwwwwwwwww....
I stare directly at Misaki, challenging her.
Misaki: ...I like it.
My heart almost leaps out of my chest.
Misaki: I-It's not my fault! Being teased makes me go crazy!
Misaki squirms and twists, swaying from the rope.
Masaya: You really are a dirty girl, Misaki.
Misaki: Aww... I-I'm fine with being a dirty girl, so... um... you can tease me... more.
Masaya: Got it.
I move my hand, rubbing her sensitive spot.
Misaki: Ah, this is... God! Ngh, mmm...
Loud, lewd squelches fill the room.
Misaki: Mmm! Oh god... What you're doing is, ah, <i>really</i> getting me going.
Masaya: I'm happy that you're getting turned on for me.
Misaki: Really? In that case... I'll get turned on... f-for you... Mmm! Haaah, ah, aaah!
I can feel Misaki stiffening up with each moan.
Misaki: Ah! Aaah, this is... Mmm! I-I can't e-endure it!
I can feel her trying to spread the pleasure out through her entire body to withstand it.
Masaya: Haaah, haaah, haaah, Misaki.
My own breathing has grown ragged.
Misaki: Masaya, Masaya! I'm...
I gently pinch her small, swollen bump between my fingers and roll it around.
Misaki: Ahhh! G-God, this is too much, Masaya! Fwaaah... Mmmmmmmmm!
Misaki suddenly tenses, then begins to convulse.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah... Ah, aaah...
Misaki: Haaah... Phew...
She eventually lets out a long sigh.
Masaya: Did you cum?
Misaki: Y-Yeah... I came already.
Misaki nods.
Misaki: Masaya... Don't let me rest.
Masaya: Huh?
She stares at me, looking like she's about to burst into tears.
Misaki: Well... I-I want you to... give me more.
Ngh!
It's like my mind has just been injected with boiling water.
I walk up behind Misaki and unzip my pants.
Misaki: Give it to me, Masaya.
I roll up her yukata, then give her smooth, round ass a stroke as I grab her hips.
Misaki: H-Hurry up. Don't tease me...
Masaya: I'm not. I'm sticking it in.
Misaki: Okay... Please...
I press my stiffened dick against her dripping pussy.
This is my first time taking her from behind while standing up, but for some reason, I don't feel anxious at all.
I'm far too turned on. All I can think about is wanting to be inside her.
Masaya: Ngh!
Misaki: Hyahn!
I thrust in to the base in one stroke. Having only just came, Misaki's pussy convulses as it coils around me.
Misaki: Ah, aaah! It still feels good from when I just came...
Masaya: In that case, do you want me to be gentle? Or should I be rough?
Misaki: I dunno! Um... I just want you to tease me!
I pull my hips back, then slam hard in.
Misaki: Ahhh! Fwah, aaah!
I continue to rub against Misaki's convulsing pussy. Just a few round trips has me feeling like I'm melting.
Misaki: This feels so good... Mmm!
There's a sense of urgency in Misaki's voice.
Masaya: Haaah, haaah, you okay?
Misaki: It feels like I'm continuously cumming... I'm going crazy...
Maybe I should stop, but there's just no way I can.
Misaki: Fwah! God, i-if you're that rough... Mmm!
My mind is boiling, unable to distinguish arousal from pleasure. And so, I slam my hips into Misaki's ass with wild abandon.
Misaki: Ahhh! So rough... Mmm.... So gooooood. Ah, ah... I'm... being teashed...
The slaps of our flesh mix with the squelches filling the room.
Misaki: Fwaaaaaah, mmm! I-I'm... Ngh, ngh...
Her pussy contracts tightly around my dick.
Misaki: Masaya, I'm cumming again... Fwah! Ah, ahhh, Masaya, Masayaaa!
Masaya: Misaki, ah, fwah... Misaki!
I swing my hips hard, screwing my dick into her.
Misaki: I-I'm cumming, but... Ah! I'm cumming, but you keep thrusting into me... Aaahhh!
Every time I pull back, I draw more of Misaki's lewd juices out of her.
Masaya: Ah, me too...
I'm so turned on that I barely even realize I'm about to ejaculate.
Misaki: I jusht can't take it... I'm continously cumming... Ah! God, yes, mmm! I can't, ah, this is... Fwaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I thrust into her depths, wrenching apart the tight confines of her pussy.
Masaya: Mmm! Ah, I'm cumming!
Before I cum, I pull back my hips, allowing me to spew my load over Misaki's round ass.
Misaki: Aaah! Mm! Ah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Masaya: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah!
Our ragged breathing fills the room.
Misaki: Haaah... That felt so good... I thought I might die.
Masaya: It felt that good? Haaah, haaah, haaah, that's great.
Misaki: It is not great!
Misaki shakes her head.
Misaki: It felt so good that it was scary... I think we'll have to leave the bondage stuff as a once per year event. Otherwise, we're gonna be walking down a very scary road of no return.
Misaki suddenly tenses up.
Misaki: Hm? Huh? Masaya, did you... cum on my yukata?
Masaya: Huh? Shit, sorry! I did a little!
Misaki: Wah, wah, wah! Grandma only just bought this yukata for me! What are we gonna do if you've stained it?! Masaya, get this rope off at once!
Masaya: Y-Yes, ma'am.
Masaya: I'm so glad it didn't stain.
Misaki: Guess we're lucky it's so dark...
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: Also, I do believe you had the choice of teasing me slowly rather than roughly when I told you to.
Masaya: Why are we suddenly reflecting on our actions? Besides, you told me not to tease you.
Misaki: No, I said tease me!
Language is complicated.
Masaya: Well, even if I had realized, it would've been impossible.
Misaki: Why's that?
Masaya: It might be what turns you on, Misaki, but... when I get aroused, I'm not composed enough to think about that.
Misaki: I dislike men who can't stay composed, y'know?
Masaya: I don't think I'm gonna be able to do that until I get a few more years of experience under my belt.
The moment I decided I wanted to see her tits, it was all over for me. Even if I'd had the mental capacity to think about teasing her, I doubt I would've been able to put it into practice.
Misaki: Hahahahaha! Well then, I guess a girlfriend just has to endure her boyfriend's tyrannical ways until that day comes.
Masaya: I may have gotten turned on from tying you up, but you were the one who told me to tease you.
Misaki: Yeah, I was implying that I <i>don't mind</i> having to endure your tyranny, Masaya.
Masaya: ...Thank you very much.
I can only say my thanks and bow deeply.
Misaki: Oh no, don't mention it. Whenever it gets too hard to handle, just come and see me.
She's phrasing it like I can do whatever I please to her, but I get the feeling she just wants to control my sexual urges.
Masaya: Right, let's go see the fireworks then, shall we?
Misaki: Huuuh? But I'm tired now. Besides, you've already shot your fireworks into me.
Masaya: The way you say the most vulgar, roundabout things makes you seem like a man twice your age.
Misaki: How dare you call a beautiful girl like me a man twice my age... Wait, did I score a direct hit on your lust?
Masaya: Don't warp my lust like that.
What kind of crazy fetish would that be?
Masaya: C'mon, let's go.
Misaki: Yeah, yeah, coming. But in return, I want you to kiss me every time a firework goes off.
Masaya: You realize how crazy that is, right?
Misaki: Well, it's just every time we have sex, my love for you gets so bad I can't stand it. So purretty please?
Masaya: I don't mind if we're somewhere secluded, but that means we won't be near the fireworks.
Misaki happily raises a hand.
Misaki: Oh, yes! I know a great secret spot.
Masaya: You do?
Misaki: Make sure you kiss me a lot now.
Masaya: Sure. I'll put my heart into every last one.
Misaki takes my hand with a satisfied smile on her face.
Misaki: Let's go then, Masaya.
Masaya: There's no need to rush.
Misaki: We are rushing. No one's gonna be at my secret spot...
Masaya: Looks like I'm going to be kissing you a whole lot before any fireworks even go off.
Misaki: Good, what a relief. Glad you understand.
Misaki tugs my hand.
Misaki: We're gonna kiss and fuck a lot more in the future.
Masaya: Yep, now and forever...
I pull Misaki's hand back.
Misaki: Mmm!
Then, I kiss her.
★: Perfect Edition Misaki Extra H-Scene -- END
Masaya: ...Huh?
I suddenly receive a text at night.
I assume it's Asuka, but...
Masaya: Madoka?
Huh, I wonder what she wants... Guess I should read it.
Asuka: We were supposed to meet up at 6PM in front of the shrine, right?
Masaya: ...Yeah, that was the plan.
Asuka and I are currently standing around at the entrance to a shrine that's located near Kunahama Academy.

Asuka: Should I give her a call?
Masaya: Oh, you don't need to, I'll take care of it.
Feeling somewhat uneasy, I look for Madoka's contact info on my phone.
I got a text from Madoka last night.
It said, "There's a summer festival tomorrow. Wanna go with everyone?"
It's the weekend, so I figured we could use it as a break to get our minds off FC for a bit, but...
Masaya: ...Yeah, that's too bad. Nah, don't worry about. Just make sure to rest up. Later.
Asuka: Madoka-chan can't make it either?
Masaya: Said she's feeling sick. She's been putting in a lot of work, so it probably added up.
Asuka: I see...
Oddly enough, none of the other club members could make it either.
Masaya: That means...
I'm alone with Asuka right now...
Masaya: Hey, Asuka.
Asuka: Y-Yes?!
Masaya: Since we're here already, let's go enjoy the festival.
Asuka: Huh...? Are you sure that's fine?
Masaya: Yeah. It's just too bad that you're wasting time with me.
Asuka: What are you saying, this isn't a waste at all!
Asuka shakes her head vigorously.
Asuka: I want to see the festival with you!
Wow, didn't expect that...
Masaya: O-Okay... Well, let's go.
She's a lot more excited than I expected, but I can't complain.
Yesterday's weather carried over, so the sky is perfectly clear.
Feels like I can see the stars a lot better than usual.
However...
...I've been captivated by another beautiful sight for quite some time now.
Asuka: I'm <i>so</i> excited! This is my first time visiting a festival in the area!
Honestly, I'm having a hard time not staring. Asuka looks <i>really</i> cute in her yukata.
I had hoped she would wear one... but now that I'm actually seeing her in it, I'm stunned.
Masaya: (Still...)
Seems this odd feeling that's been with me since yesterday wasn't just my imagination. Something really is off.
Masaya: (It's like I can't stop thinking about Asuka...)
I'm focused on the job during practice, so it doesn't happen then.
However, when we get away from FC, I suddenly start seeing Asuka as a woman.
Masaya: (Is this good or bad news?)
I mean, it's technically real bad, since it could hurt practice, but on the other hand, it would be weird if I acted like some emotionless robot.
Besides, Aoi-san told me to look at Asuka outside of our FC bubble, so this is <i>totally</i> fine. Yeah!
Asuka: Um, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Hm...
Asuka: Masaya-san!
Masaya: Whoa!
I didn't notice that Asuka closed in on me because I was lost in thought.
Asuka: What's wrong? I was worried because you suddenly fell silent.
Masaya: S-Sorry, it's nothing... Um, Asuka...
I obviously can't tell her what I was thinking, so I quickly think up a way to change the topic.
Masaya: Where do you wanna go?
Asuka: Hm... Where do I want to go...?
Asuka's eyes wander over the stalls as she says that.
Asuka: Oh, I know! Don't they have <i>that</i> here?
Masaya: Uh, you're gonna have to be a little more specific here...
Asuka: A lottery! You know, one of the ones where you can win game consoles with a 100 yen ticket!
Masaya: Oh... Yeah, I know what you mean.
I remember trying to win some back in elementary school.
Asuka: Dad said it's <i>the</i> thing to do at a festival.
Asuka: Ohhh... I hope I win... I'm so excited!
Masaya: Um, Asuka.
Asuka: Yes?
Masaya: I hate to break it to you, but... those lotteries are rigged.
Asuka: Whaaat?! B-But why?
Masaya: Well, that's kinda hard to explain... Look, all you need to know is that they're rigged to keep you from winning the big prizes.
I was pretty shocked when my dad told me that.
And then, when I whined and asked for the 1,000 yen I spent on it back, he laughed and said it was the price I paid to learn a valuable lesson.
Masaya: So yeah, it's basically a scam... What are you gonna do?
Asuka: I-I don't want to waste my money! It needs to be handled with care!
Masaya: Good choice. Well, let's head somewhere else.
Glad she trusts me. Those lotteries make kids all over Japan suffer, so it's good that I managed to at least protect Asuka.
Masaya: I wonder why your dad told you to try it...
Asuka: Um, he said it would teach me an important lesson about how cruel people can be.
Masaya: ...Same as mine, huh?
Well, I guess it did become an unforgettable lesson, so they're not exactly wrong.
Asuka: Oh, I want to try some goldfish scooping!
Masaya: That's a good idea.
Asuka: Are you good at it?
Masaya: I think I used to be one of the better kids back in the day... Not sure about now.
Bet Misaki'd be amazing at this, since it relies on reflexes.
Masaya: What about you?
Asuka: I was <i>really</i> good when I was a kid!
Asuka smiles cheerfully. Guess she's pretty confident.
Masaya: Okay, then let's give it a shot.
Asuka: Thanks!
Asuka: Uhhhhhhhhh...
Masaya: W-Well, these things happen...
I offer some weak words of consolation as Asuka lets out a frustrated groan.
Asuka: This can't be right!
Masaya: What do you mean?
Asuka: The net's dissolving <i>way</i> too fast!
Masaya: I mean, that's part of the game...
Asuka: I-I know... I know that, but... Ugh!
Asuka's terrible at goldfish scooping. Guess her past experience didn't stick with her.
The ladles you get for 100 yen each dissolved without catching anything.
Hell, she didn't even get close. They all dissolved before even getting near any goldfish.
Asuka: J-Just one more!
I called out to her after she failed ten times, and just like that, Asuka's goldfish scooping battle came to a conclusion.
Poor girl.
Asuka: I see that you're... very good at this.
Asuka's looking at the bags in my hands with an envious look on her face... No, to be honest, she's probably more irritated than anything.
Masaya: W-Well, I guess... I managed to get more than I expected...
There are six goldfish swimming around inside the plastic bags I'm holding.
I know I haven't done anything wrong, but I do feel kinda uncomfortable right now...
Masaya: Oh, why don't we try that next?
Asuka: Hm...?
Asuka's face breaks out into a smile as she looks over at the stall I'm pointing to.
Asuka: Balloon fishing! I used to be <i>really</i> good at that, too!
Masaya: Great, then let's give it a shot.
Balloon fishing is a lot easier than goldfish scooping, so this should work out well.
I'm sure Asuka'll do just fine.
Asuka: Yes, I'll give it my best shot!
Asuka: Ughhhhhh...
Masaya: Y-Yeah, uh, I could tell you were doing your best...
Asuka: This can't be right!
Masaya: ...The string was too weak?
Asuka: Y-Yeah, that's it! I mean, it snapped as soon as it touched the water!
But balloon fishing literally revolves around avoiding getting the string wet...
Better keep that to myself.
This is no different from her goldfish scooping attempts. Coin after coin disappears from Asuka's purse.
The worst part is, she's failing for the exact same reason every single time. She's letting the string touch the water for far too long.
Whenever she spotted a balloon she could hook, she just went straight for it without really considering whether she could even get it... And, as a result, she invested more and more money as her failures racked up.
Asuka: J-Just one more!
...I bet Asuka's the type of person who whales in mobile games.
Asuka: Haaah... I've got nothing left...
After destroying all her goldfish scooping ladles and balloon fishing strings, Asuka's left with only an overwhelming sense of futility.
Masaya: (Man...)
...Asuka's got pretty terrible hand-eye coordination, huh?
Though, she struggled with Grav Shoes at first, so maybe all she needs is more practice...
Masaya: Here, you can have one of mine.
Asuka: W-Wow, thank you!
A smile blooms on Asuka's face.
And then, without wasting a moment, Asuka starts playing around with the water balloon that has a rubber strap attached to it.
Asuka: ...I can't just let it end like this.
Masaya: Thought you'd say that.
Asuka hates to lose, so I never expected her to actually give up.
Masaya: I just hope we can find something you're good at...
I look around, and as I turn to the left...
Masaya: Oh!
Nice. This'll do just fine.
Asuka: What is it, Masaya-san?
Asuka turns to look at the stall I've found.
Asuka: Wow!
And her reaction's a lot louder than mine.

There's a shooting gallery with flying fish targets. Their designs are kinda similar to the one in Asuka's room.
I'd say it's about 15 centimeters tall. Plus, there's a small slot on its head, which must mean it's a piggy bank.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Asuka turns to look at me.
Wow, she looks dead serious.
Masaya: You want it?
Why am I even asking?
Asuka: I'm playing that!
She spits those words out right away, then darts off to the shooting gallery.
Masaya: D-Damn, that's what I call motivation...
I follow after her.
Stand Owner: Hello there, young lady. Wanna give it a shot?
Asuka: I do!
Man, she's <i>really</i> pumped.
Stand Owner: Okay, that'll be 400 yen. You get ten shots. Good luck!
Asuka: Thanks!
Asuka turns to me with a smile on her face after she gets the gun.
Asuka: U-Um, Masaya-san...
Masaya: What's up?
Asuka: How do you use this thing?
Masaya: Wait, you just rushed into this with zero experience?!
Asuka: I-I couldn't help it... The flying fish are calling to me...
Man, Asuka's <i>really</i> obsessed with flying fish...
Asuka: I know how to use water guns, but this seems a little different...
Right. She fooled around on the beach with those water guns Misaki brought.
Masaya: I'll teach you. Hand me the gun.
Asuka: O-Okay!
Asuka places it in my hands.
Masaya: Let's start with how to hold it properly.
Asuka: That sounds good!
I place the gun on the stand, then have Asuka position herself behind it.
Masaya: Most people just shoot while standing up straight, but it's better to bend your knees a little.
Asuka: Why's that?
Masaya: Shooting with your elbows on the stand adds stability.
Asuka: Oh, I get it! That makes it easier to aim!
Masaya: Mhm... Okay, now hold the gun.
Asuka follows my instructions and bends down near the stand.
Asuka: Understood...! Is this good?
The moment Asuka grabs the gun, I catch a glimpse of her white arms peeking out from her yukata's sleeves.
Masaya: Uh...
I see her bare arms all the time when she's in her uniform, so I should be used to the sight, but getting a peek at them in this situation is different...
Hold on. I'm starting to sound like a pervert... Ugh, gotta calm down!
Masaya: P-Perfect. Now, you can see that there's a small indentation on the top of the gun, right?
I push all my thoughts aside and focus on our lesson.
Asuka: Oh, yeah, I see it.
Masaya: That's the crosshairs. Make sure your target lines up with the indentation before you shoot.
Asuka: Understood!
Asuka adjusts the position of her body slightly in an attempt to get the flying fish in her sight.
Asuka: I have it all lined up, Masaya-san!
Masaya: Good. Only step left is to shoot when you're ready.
Asuka: Roger!
Asuka places her finger on the trigger.
Asuka: I'm sorry for shooting you, Mr. Flying Fish. I'll put you out of your misery right away...
I'm sure she's trying to be kind, but her words seem a lot more scary than anything...
Asuka: Take aim and... shoot!
A cork bullet flies out of the gun right as she says that.
However...
Asuka: ...H-Huh?
Unfortunately, the bullet strayed to the side and missed the flying fish.
Asuka: M-Masaya-san, Masaya-saaan...
Masaya: Figured you wouldn't get it on the first try.
Asuka: But I lined it up right...
Masaya: Don't beat yourself up about it. That's just how these guns are designed.
Asuka: What?! You mean they're made to keep you from hitting anything?
Masaya: Well, I wouldn't go that far. They just make it more difficult.
By design, the trajectory doesn't quite match up with the crosshairs on the gun.
It's apparently a failsafe to keep sharpshooters from cleaning out the stalls instantly.

Or well, that's what Shirase-san told me, anyway.
Asuka: Uh... I see... It's hard to hit the target, huh?
Asuka replies in a slightly dejected voice.
Masaya: Not <i>that</i> hard, actually. You just need to watch how the bullets stray and adjust your aim accordingly.
Asuka: Th-That sounds hard...
Masaya: Want me to do it for you?
Asuka looks at me with a determined expression when she hears my suggestion.
Asuka: No, I'll try to get it on my own!
And then, she declares her intentions in a resolute tone.
Masaya: (Figured.)
Her competitive spirit's been triggered, so Asuka's <i>really</i> motivated right now.
Asuka: Ugh, I can't hit it...
Masaya: Hm...
She <i>did</i> get real fired up before trying again.
However, Asuka's bullets keep missing their mark.
Stand Owner: ...Why don't I just give you one as a gift?
Asuka: I don't want that!
Stand Owner: Eeek, I'm sorry!
Asuka: What should I do, Masaya-san?
She turned down the stall-keeper's offer, but it's not like she has many other options at this point.
Masaya: Hm...
Asuka keeps missing because she has a bit of an odd quirk.
When she wants to shoot a little left of the target, she shoots too far left. When she wants to shoot a little below the target, she shoots too far below. Basically, she's overcompensating.
And I'm not sure why. Maybe she's nervous or something?
Masaya: ...So yeah, you just need to stay still.
I've explained everything to her, but...
Asuka: Hm... I don't even notice myself moving, so I'm not sure I can...
Masaya: Fair point.
It's hard to fix a problem you don't even notice.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Asuka looks at me with a troubled expression on her face.
Thing is, I <i>do</i> have an idea that can help.
Masaya: (Is this the only option?)
I've avoided it this whole time to keep things from getting awkward, but it looks like we've got no other choice left.
Masaya: (...Yeah. I just have to do this for Asuka.)
Having made up my mind, I position myself behind Asuka.
Asuka: Huh...? Masaya-san?
And then...
Masaya: Asuka, I'm sorry! Just stay still, okay?
Asuka: What do you mean...? Huh? Eek!
Asuka: M-M-M-Masaya-san?!
Masaya: ...I know what you wanna say, but just focus on shooting.
Asuka: Y-Yesh!
I know this is a little unreasonable.
But it's the best way to keep her still.
I'm doing this to help her <i>because</i> it's the best possible plan. I've got no ulterior motives, I swear!
Masaya: (That said...)
I've never been this close to Asuka before, which is why my heart's racing.
I keep telling myself not to think about it, but that's practically impossible when the smell of her hair is tickling my nose.
Goes without saying that this is why it's my last resort.
Masaya: (Damn it! Focus, Masaya!)
I force myself to think only of the target.
Masaya: The ninth shot strayed slightly to the upper right when you aimed at the lower left, yeah?
Asuka: ...Yes, it missed the upper right side of the flying fish by a few centimeters.
Masaya: Okay, you've gotta move a bit more to the left, then lower your aim...
I proceed to move Asuka's arm in an attempt to guide her.
Asuka: You're aiming pretty far below it...
Masaya: Worried?
Asuka: No, I trust you, so I have no doubts in my mind!
...Well, that's good to hear.
Masaya: Okay, now take aim and keep still!
Asuka: Roger!
Masaya: Aim for the bottom of the flying fish!
Asuka: Yes! Here goes nothing!
Asuka's finger pulls the trigger.
We hear a bang, at which point we look directly over to our target.
The bullet hit the bottom of the flying fish and made it topple over.
Asuka: Wow...
Only a short gasp of amazement escapes Asuka's body.
Asuka: I-I hit it! I really hit it, Masaya-san!
But soon enough, cries of joy follow.
Masaya: Nice! Congrats, Asuka!
Stand Owner: I'm happy for you! Congrats! Here's your prize.
The stall-keeper picks up the flying fish piggy bank and carries it over to us.
Asuka: Oh, I'm <i>so</i> happy! You can rest easy now, your suffering has come to an end...
Kinda seems like she's getting ready to send that thing off to heaven...
Well, whatever. At least this'll keep her from getting all depressed.
Masaya: (Everything should be good for now...)
Masaya: Guess it's time to head home.
Asuka: Yes!
Asuka's carrying a balloon, a goldfish bag, and of course...
...the flying fish piggy bank she managed to win for herself.
Masaya: Well, we're getting straight back to practice tomorrow...
Asuka: Yes, but...
There's a cheerful smile on Asuka's face as she begins to talk.
Asuka: I feel like I can put in more effort than ever.
Masaya: Yeah, seeing all your hard work pay off back there must've given your motivation a real boost.
Asuka: That's part of the reason, but not the only one.
Hm? What else could she mean?
Asuka: Right now, more than ever, I'm sure everything will work out as long as I believe in you.
Masaya: What?
Asuka: I know coaching me isn't easy, but I'll keep working my butt off, Coach!
She bows her head to me after she says that.
Asuka: Okay, let's go home!
Asuka rushes ahead of me, her steps accentuated by the sound of wooden clogs.
Masaya: Man, she trusts me a lot...
I knew that already, but it feels more real than ever right now.
How can I possibly live up to those expectations? How do I keep her from getting hurt like I did?
I worry over such matters for a quite a while.
Asuka: Here I come, Shindou-san!
Shindou: I'm ready for you, Kurashina-kun!
Asuka's in peak condition after her days off.
Her movement and decision-making skills have clearly improved.
★: Asuka Extra 01 -- End
I stroke Asuka's head as I pull her into me again.
Asuka: Ah...! Masaya-san, mnnn...
I kiss her supple lips before attempting to probe deeper.
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm, Masaya, san... Mnnn...
Asuka's voice grows hoarse.
And in response, I just keep stroking her hair.
Asuka: Hehe...
Masaya: Hey, Asuka...
Asuka: What is it, Masaya-san?
Masaya: What are you doing?
Asuka's been blinking rapidly for a while now.
And whenever she opens them, a massive smile erupts across her face.
Asuka: Um, it's still hard to believe this is all real...
Masaya: What do you mean?
Asuka: I never thought someone as cool as you would date me.
Masaya: ......
Asuka: Oh, you're blushing!
Masaya: You're wrong!
I turn away from her to hide my face.
Asuka: Come on, turn back! I want to see your face!
Masaya: H-Hey, Asuka!
She quickly spins me back toward her.
Asuka: See, you <i>are</i> blushing!
Can you blame me?
I mean, I'm cuddled up in bed with the girl I love here.
Who wouldn't blush in this situation?
Masaya: Like I said, you're wrong.
I honestly wanna keep looking at Asuka's beautiful face, but I can't handle it right now.
And so, I take the path of least resistance by casting my eyes down while still facing her.
Asuka: ......
Asuka: U-Um, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Yeah?
Asuka: Do you... not like me anymore?
Masaya: ...Huh?
Asuka: Um, I know I got a little bit carried away...
Asuka: That's why I'm worried that I may have scared you away... Whoa!
I interrupt Asuka by gently tapping the tip of her nose.
Asuka: H-Hey, M-Masaya-shan! Ow, it hurts!
Masaya: Good. I'm punishing you.
Asuka: Ouch... What for?
I pull Asuka, who has a puzzled expression on her face, into my arms.
Masaya: You trust me, don't you?
Asuka: Absolutely!
Masaya: And I trust you. Listen, I love you, Asuka.
I whisper that into her ear as I stroke her hair gently.
Masaya: And that will never change, so don't even joke about it.
Asuka: O-Oh...
Asuka turns even more red.
Asuka: Y-You're amazing, Masaya-san. I can't believe you can just say that...
Masaya: It's only possible because those are my honest feelings.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Asuka pulls away from me slightly.
Asuka: Mmm... Mmmph...
Then, she plants a soft kiss on my lips.
Asuka: Hehe...
Her smile looks divine.
Asuka: Okay, I'll never say anything like that again... I love you too, Masaya-san.
With that, she places her hand on my chest.
Asuka: Your heart is racing... It sounds as loud as mine.
Masaya: Oh, yours is just as bad, huh?
Asuka: Yeah. Touch it and see for yourself if you want.
I take her up on her offer.
And when I place my hand against her chest, I sense the rhythmic pounding of her heart.
Asuka: Can you feel it?
Masaya: Yeah, it's crazy fast.
That's not all, either. I can feel her warmth right now...
Asuka: Practicing with you is tons of fun, but I also love stuff like this.
Masaya: Which do you prefer?
Asuka: H-Hm... Well...
She looks extremely troubled.
Asuka: It's too hard to choose. I love them both equally.
Masaya: ......
Asuka: Is something wrong, Masaya-san?
Masaya: No, it's nothing.
No way I'm telling her that her cute reaction stunned me.
I swear, chatting with Asuka is enough to make my brain turn to mush.
Asuka: This whole situation is like a dream come true.
Masaya: Yeah, I know <i>exactly</i> what you mean. I'm kinda scared I'll wake up, even.
Asuka: ...You lose a point, Masaya-san.
Asuka looks a little miffed.
Masaya: Sorry, I shouldn't have been such a Debbie Downer.
Asuka: It's fine as long as you understand your mistake. Honestly, just imagining this all being a dream is enough to make me cry.
Asuka's expression sours as she say that.
Asuka: Masaya-san, um...
Asuka: I want to... kiss you again.
Masaya: Your wish is my command.
I pull Asuka into me again, then claim her lips.
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm, Masaya-san...
And after that, I target her nose and cheeks.
Asuka: Stop... It tickles!
She tries to escape, but I pin her down and shower her with kisses.
Asuka: If you want to play like that... I can also... Mmmph...
Asuka starts kissing all over my face in an attempt to compete with me.
Masaya: Asuka, mmmph... I love you.
I convey my feelings to her while we kiss.
Asuka: Mmmph... Haaah, I love you too... Masaya-san.
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm...
Masaya: Mmmph... Asuka...!
We latch onto each other, then pull away and whisper each other's names over and over again.
And in the end, we keep this up for over an hour straight.
★: Asuka Extra 02 -- End.
Another eventful day flies right by.
And the next day we do our final checks, as planned, and then scatter.
Masaya: Make sure to rest up tomorrow, okay?
Asuka: Yes, Masaya-kun.
Asuka: ......
Masaya: What? Something wrong?
Asuka: Oh, no, it's nothing...
Asuka: I'll be counting on you during my matches.
Masaya: Good. I've got your back, Asuka.
We wave at each other as we part.
I haven't scheduled any practice for the day before the tournament, so we have tomorrow off.
We're both free the entire day.
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm... Mnnn...
Asuka: Mmmph... Masaya-kun, Masaya-kuuun...
Asuka: S-Stop, Masaya-kun... Cut it out...
Asuka: No, you can't... It's my turn now...
Asuka: Hehe... I'm going to do all the little things you like...
Asuka: Oh! Geez... I told you it was my turn, remember?
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm... Masaya-kun, let's kiss...
Asuka: Mmmph... Geez, not there... I want you to kiss my lips!
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm... What's this? There's something pressing up against me...
Asuka: It's always the same thing with you... Fine, I'll touch you there too...
Asuka: Mmmph... You like it when I touch you there, don't you? Hehe...
Asuka: One more time... Yes, let's kiss again...
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm... Mnnn... Mmmph!
Asuka: Masaya-kun... No, don't bring your face that close...
Asuka: I get <i>really</i> embarrassed when you stare like that.
Asuka: Ah! Don't just grab that part of me... I already told you to stop...
Asuka: Ah, ah... Don't rub your body against me... My heart's racing... Ahhh!
Asuka: If you're going to be like that, I'll return the favor... Take this!
Asuka: Hehe... How did that feel? Well, I'm not done yet. Just watch, I'll squeeze it even harder now.
Asuka: Hmph!
Asuka: Hehehe... Masaya-kun...? Are you alright?
Asuka: Well, even if you aren't, I'm not letting you off. This is punishment for not spending more time with me.
Asuka: Take this... And this... And this...
Asuka: Whoa... Masaya-kun, you look like a flying fish right now.
Asuka: H-Hey, my heart's racing! Don't hug me so tight...
Asuka: Mmmph, Masaya-kun... Masaya-kun...!
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm...
Asuka: ......
Asuka: No way... What's wrong with me?!
Asuka: It happened <i>again.</i> I had another one of those embarrassing dreams... God, I feel so dirty...
Asuka: This always happens when I want to see Masaya-kun...
Asuka: And it's all my fault for not telling him I wanted him to hug me...
Asuka: I can't believe I used this flying fish plushie as his replacement... Ugh...
Asuka: If anyone caught me doing that, I would have to run away from Japan. Plus, I'd die if Masaya-kun ever found out...
Asuka: Still, I <i>really</i> want to see him...
Asuka: I want him to put his arms around me and whisper sweet words into my ear...
Asuka: And also, I want him to stroke my hair with his hands...
Asuka: I-I can't take it anymore, Masaya-kun... I can't hold back...
Asuka: I-I'm sorry... I'm <i>so</i> sorry!
Masaya: It's fine, really. Don't worry about it.
I was surprised when Asuka called me in the middle of the night, but it was no big deal.
Though, her reason for calling me is kinda embarrassing...
Asuka: I just had to hear your voice...
Can't believe she said that. I'm such a lucky guy.
Masaya: So, what now? Did you just wanna chat?
Asuka seems to be unsure.
Asuka: Um, Masaya-kun...
Masaya: Yeah?
Asuka: I feel <i>really</i> bad about calling you this late at night, but...
Asuka: Oh, how do I put this...? I just have this lean on you...
Asuka: B-But I won't do that if it makes you feel uncomfortable.
I hear Asuka take a deep breath.
Asuka: ...Can you do <i>that</i> for me again?
She hits me with that request in an apologetic tone.
Masaya: It'll help you relax, yeah?
Asuka: More than you can imagine!
Masaya: ...Fine.
I reluctantly agree.
Asuka: Th-Thank you so much...!
Man, I can picture her bowing her head a few times as she says that.
Asuka: I'm so, <i>so</i> sorry. I realize how childish this is, but...
I mean, yeah, not being able to sleep unless she's holding her flying fish plushie is pretty damn childish.
And pretending the plushie is me and that my voice is coming from it is even less mature.
Asuka: I feel bad about all this...
I can tell, which is why it's probably best to just move on before she starts wallowing in self-pity.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes?
Masaya: Um, how many times have we done this already?
Asuka: This is... the second time, I think?
Masaya: No, it's the third. At least count right.
Asuka: Oh...
I can hear Asuka groan in embarrassment.
Asuka: You know, I was trying to avoid this.
Masaya: Okay...
Asuka: But then I had this weird dream that got me all hot and heavy...
Uhhh, "hot and heavy"? Well, I'm a gentleman, so I should just ignore that.
Masaya: I see. Then what?
Asuka: ...I found it <i>way</i> harder to resist my urge to call you.
Masaya: Oh, okay.
It's hard to complain when she's acting this cute.
I'm real lucky that she's my girlfriend.
Masaya: Okay, I'll play ball, but this'll be the last time for a while, understand?
Asuka: Got it!
Asuka seems overjoyed.
Masaya: Let's get started, then. Put me on speakerphone.
Asuka: Oh, you already are... I'm sorry.
Masaya: Damn, that was fast!
She usually uses her phone's speaker function when she has me voice her flying fish plushie. Makes it seem more realistic, I guess.
God, this whole thing is <i>really</i> embarrassing. Hope we can get it over with quick.
Masaya: Well, I'm gonna start now.
Asuka: G-Go ahead!
I can hear Asuka clamp down on the plushie.
And so, I clear my throat before I begin.
Masaya: Asuka... You were awesome out there today. I could tell you were giving it everything you had!
Asuka: Oh... Thank you, Masaya-kun!
Masaya: You're such a good girl. I want to hug you tight.
Asuka: Hehe... That's <i>exactly</i> what I want to hear...
Masaya: Your body's so soft...
Asuka: You're also a lot softer than usual...
...It's a little weird that she's saying that when she's hugging the plushie.
Honestly, the situation on the other end of the phone makes me wanna die of second-hand embarrassment.
Still, this is the third time this has happened, so I've gotten used to it. And hey, the voice acting's even kinda fun at this point...
...Yeah, I just need to turn my brain off and enjoy the moment.
Masaya: I can hear you breathing right into my ear, Asuka.
Asuka: Same here, Masaya-kun.
Asuka: It almost feels like you're actually next to me...
Masaya: Uh, did you forget that we're pretending I am?
Asuka: O-Oh, right! I can't believe I'm killing the mood...
Masaya: Try not to do that again... It gets way harder when you pull me out of the act.
Asuka: I'm sorry... Okay, I need to focus. This flying fish plushie is Masaya-kun... This flying fish plushie is Masaya-kun...
Asuka's chanting a <i>really</i> weird phrase right now. I wonder if that works like hypnosis...
But considering how mature she's become as an FC player, it's kind of refreshing to know this is what she's like outside of practice.
A lot of games have attribute systems, where you put points into certain qualities as you level up. And if you apply that to people, I'm sure Asuka's point distribution would be more than a little unbalanced.
Asuka: Um, Masaya-kun, I have something to say... Promise you won't get upset?
Masaya: Sure. What's up?
Asuka: You're a lot like a flying fish.
Masaya: ...Well, this is the first time anyone's ever said that to me.
Hell, I doubt many people ever get compared to fish.
Asuka: I-I don't mean that you look like one!
Masaya: Then what, you trying to say we taste the same?
Asuka: Don't remind me of flying fish soup stock right now!
Masaya: Don't tell me you wanna turn me into sashimi...
Asuka: Maaasaaayaaa-kuuun! You're getting me all worked up!
She asked me not to get mad, but it doesn't seem like she's trying to keep herself in check at all.
Masaya: Sorry. Okay, tell me, what's so similar about us?
Asuka: Geez...
Asuka: Um, it's the way they sparkle when they leap out of the sea and fly!
Masaya: Huh?
But I've never done that. And honestly, I doubt I ever will.
Asuka: When flying fish jump out of the water, they spread their fins as wide as they can.
Asuka: And the way they kick the water and shine when they do is a lot like you. It's <i>so</i> cool!
Asuka: Remember when you showed me how to fly?
Masaya: Y-Yeah...
Asuka: I'll never forget it. Something I thought was impossible was happening right before my eyes, and it was beautiful. I couldn't believe it.
Asuka: I used to dream of flying through the sky, but that was when I learned it was actually possible.
Asuka's voice is cracking. Seems she's in a state of heightened emotions.
Asuka: That's why I ended up confessing to you...
Asuka: ...I couldn't contain my feelings any longer.
Masaya: ......
I can feel my face burning up right now.
My body temperature's skyrocketed. Plus, I'm at a total loss for words.
This is weird. She's said "I love you," a lot already, so why does this feel more embarrassing than ever?
Maybe it's just because her words seem a lot deeper, and more heartfelt, than ever.
I mean, it <i>really</i> sounds like she's talking about the kind of love that lasts a lifetime...
The kind of love she cherishes <i>because</i> she spent so long chasing after it...
Yeah. That must be why I'm finding it hard to form a proper sentence.
I need to think carefully. I've taken up an enormous part of her heart, so I can't let her down with a lackluster response.
Asuka: U-Umm... Masaya-kun?
Masaya: Uh, yeah? What's up?
Asuka: Are you... actually upset?
Guess my silence is making her feel nervous.
Masaya: Oh, sorry! I was just lost in thought, I swear!
Asuka: What were you thinking about?
Masaya: Oh, I was just thinking that if you love me that much, I need to work <i>way</i> harder to keep that from ever changing.
Asuka: Masaya-kun...
Masaya: I'm happy that I've earned such a large place in your heart.
Asuka: W-Waaah...
I can hear Asuka thrashing around.
Asuka: I-I don't know how to respond... I just feel so happy that the right words aren't coming out.
Masaya: Well... just show me you're happy. That's good enough for me.
Asuka: I-I would... but the problem is, I'm not sure how.
Uh, what?
Masaya: Look, just do what you feel is natural, Asuka. If you're happy, then I am too.
Asuka: Ugh... Masaya-kun, I know you're a kind person, but you should try not to be <i>too</I> kind...
Masaya: Why?
Asuka: Because this girl's missing a bunch of things, including her self-control.
Asuka: You better watch out!
Masaya: Oh, okay. I understand.
Asuka: You do?!
Asuka's rejoicing in an exaggerated fashion.
Masaya: I wanna see you go wild, so I'll spoil you even more from now.
Asuka: ...Maaasaaayaaa-kuuun!
Asuka calls out to me in a reproachful tone.
Masaya: I just wanna see a beaming smile on your face!
I try to lay it on thick.
Asuka: You know, you make me it <i>really</i> hard to fight back when you start acting all cool...
Masaya: Can I get another hug?
Asuka: Oh... F-Fine, I admit defeat!
I can hear Asuka hugging her flying fish plushie more tightly.
Asuka: I love you... I love you so much, Masaya-kun... I don't even mind that you're teasing me right now!
Masaya: ...You know, you probably should.
I get the feeling that I'll also lose my self-control at this rate.
Asuka: Haaah... The flying fish plushie's starting to seem more and more like you...
Masaya: Yeah, uh, no. I don't look anything like that thing.
My eyes aren't anywhere near as big and my body isn't red.
Masaya: By the way, when'd you first fall in love with flying fish?
Asuka: Um... This may come as a shock, but it was back when I first got into elementary school.
Masaya: ...Seriously?
Asuka: Mhm...
Wow, didn't expect that.
Damn, she's been into flying fish for a long, <i>long</i> time.
So in other words...
Her love for flying fish will probably stick with her for the rest of her life.
Masaya: Does that mean all these comparisons you're making are <i>actually</i> a huge deal?
Asuka: ......
Asuka remains silent for a moment.
Asuka: ...Yes.
Then, she delivers that single word reply in a firm tone.
Well, guess it's my turn to admit defeat.
I'm shocked by this discovery.
And it's starting to make me feel the heavy weight of responsibility.
I mean, we're talking about feelings she's been fostering for over ten years. The fact that she can compare those to her newfound feelings for me is nuts.
Still, that just makes me fall harder.
Masaya: ...Asuka.
Asuka: What is it, Masaya-kun?
Masaya: I'll take this voice acting job more seriously from now on.
Asuka: Hehe... That sounds exciting!
I'm sure Asuka's smiling.
Asuka: Hey, Masaya-kun...
Masaya: Yeah?
Asuka: I love talking to you over the phone like this, but...
Asuka: ...I <i>really</i> want to see you in person.
Masaya: ......
Asuka: U-Um... I guess that's pretty unreasonable this late at night...
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Y-Yes!
Masaya: I was just thinking the exact same thing.
Asuka: Oh...
Masaya: Let's meet up in front of my place first thing tomorrow.
Asuka: Okay!
Asuka: G-Good morning!
Masaya: Y-Yeah, it sure is...
Asuka: Hehe...
Masaya: H-Hahaha...
We exchange some stiff greetings, then share an equally awkward laugh.
Asuka: ...This feels weird, doesn't it?
Masaya: Sure does.
We spent all night talking over the phone, so actually seeing each other feels pretty damn embarrassing.
Still, last night was tons of fun, and I'm sure today will be just as great.
★: Asuka Extra 03 -- End.
Mashiro: I swear, why can I never get her to listen to me?
Mashiro: What'll I do if she seriously attacks Senpai? Wait, why's he my first thought?!
Mashiro: Haaah... I've been a <i>total</i> mess lately...
Mashiro: Mom's pretty dead-set on me having a crush... Is it that obvious? Does that mean she's not the only one that's noticed?
Mashiro: Wait... What if <i>Senpai's</i> noticed?
Mashiro: Ahhh!
Mashiro: Wait, slow down, Mashiro! I know I've been thinking about him a lot these days, and I started practicing on my own time just so he'd praise me, but still!
Mashiro: That doesn't <i>necessarily</i> mean I have a crush on him, does it?
Mashiro: I mean, I just can't. Misaki-senpai is my one and only... Oh, right!
Mashiro: The best cure for a problem like this is to browse through the treasured Misaki-senpai album I have on my phone! I'll use it to reaffirm my love for her!
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: Hehehe... She's just so amazing...
Mashiro: Not only is she pretty, she's kind and good at any sport she tries... I'd beat the living daylights out of anyone that'd dare reject someone as perfect as her.
Mashiro: Wait, hold up. Wasn't that the exact same thing Mom just said?
Mashiro: Ah...!
Mashiro: Oh, I remember this picture! We took it when she came over to my house for the first time...
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: Yeah, who am I kidding? There's no way my feelings have changed.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai has a special place in my heart. I still remember when she first extended her hand out to me...
Mashiro: Before I met her, I was <i>really</i> quiet and meek. It's honestly hard to believe I was ever like that...
Mashiro: I also wore my glasses outside of class, and I rarely ever talked to anyone unless they talked to me first.
Mashiro: And worse, I just played games on my handheld during breaks at school. I was the biggest introvert in the world.
Mashiro: So as you can probably guess, my social life was pretty crummy. I had barely any friends at all.
Before I met her, I was <i>really</i> quiet and meek. It's honestly hard to believe I was ever like that...
I also wore my glasses outside of class, and I rarely ever talked to anyone unless they talked to me first.
And worse, I just played games on my handheld during breaks at school. I was the biggest introvert in the world.
So as you can probably guess, my social life was pretty crummy. I had barely any friends at all.
Female Student A: Hey, Arisaka-san! Wanna eat lunch with us today?
Mashiro: Huh?! Oh, um... just give me a second while I finish up this quest, and then I'll--
Female Student A: Oh, you're in the middle of your game? Sorry, maybe next time!
Mashiro: Ah...!
Mashiro: Even when the girl who was known for being nice to all the unpopular kids tried asking me to hang out, I just stumbled over my words awkwardly.
Mashiro: After that episode, I tried hiding my handheld inside my bag, thinking that would solve the problem.
Even when the girl who was known for being nice to all the unpopular kids tried asking me to hang out, I just stumbled over my words awkwardly.
After that episode, I tried hiding my handheld inside my bag, thinking that would solve the problem.
Female Student B: Wanna eat lunch together?
Female Student A: Oh, sure! Do you wanna go ask Arisaka-san to join us?
Mashiro: (Th-This is it!)
Female Student B: Hm, I dunno if we should bother her. I think she wants to play her games.
Female Student A: Yeah, I guess you're right. Oh well.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Mashiro: But my genius plan failed spectacularly.
Mashiro: I kept trying all sorts of things I thought would help me make friends with the girls in my class, but none of it ever worked. That went on for days, weeks.
Mashiro: Eventually, it got to the point where I couldn't stand sitting all by myself in the classroom during lunch, and I shifted to a corner of the courtyard.
But my genius plan failed spectacularly.
I kept trying all sorts of things I thought would help me make friends with the girls in my class, but none of it ever worked. That went on for days, weeks.
Eventually, it got the point where I couldn't stand sitting all by myself in the classroom during lunch, and I shifted to a corner of the courtyard.
Mashiro: Man, now they don't even bother to ask me to eat with them...
Mashiro: I feel so bad for Mom. She made this great lunch for me... Ugh, why do I have to be so awkward and anti-social...
Mashiro: Where did it all go wrong?! Like, I still don't have a single person I'm friends with in my class!
Mashiro: If this keeps up, I'll be out here eating my lunch even when it gets cold out... and then I'll catch a cold and have to stay home from school...
Mashiro: I'm probably going to end up missing the class photo, huh?! I'll be that awkward person who's not in it while everyone else is!
Mashiro: And I probably won't even be on the invitation list for reunions because of that...
Mashiro: (Haaah... How do I fix this situation...?)
Mashiro: (In video games, the handsome prince is always the one who shows up to rescue the damsel.)
Mashiro: Wait, what...?
Misaki: Ah...!
Mashiro: The handsome prince... is a princess?
Misaki: ...Huh?
Mashiro: L-Let me guess... You saw me all alone and felt bad, so you came over to invite me to join you?
Misaki: Nah. I just saw what you had in that lunchbox, and thought it looked purretty scrumptious...
Mashiro: Oh, okay... So that's what you're going with, huh?
Misaki: Uh, I kinda feel like you're ignoring everything I'm saying!
Mashiro: D-Don't worry! I'm surprisingly good at reading between the lines... Or at least, I'd like to believe I am. So yeah, say no more! I already know what you want!
Misaki: Yeah, totally... Guess you saw right through me...
Mashiro: So, what was that you said about my lunch a second ago?
Misaki: Oh, yeah. I was just wondering if you'd let me have a bite or two.
Mashiro: Does that mean we're going to eat together?!
Misaki: ...Huh?
Mashiro: We'll put our lunchboxes together... try out each other's stuff, exchange things we like and don't like. Stuff like that!
Misaki: Uh, actually, I've already finished eating mine, so I don't have anything I can really exchange...
Mashiro: That's fine! Actually, I wouldn't mind giving you everything in my lunchbox for free!
Misaki: Whoa, really?!
Mashiro: I'm already... satisfied.
Misaki: Hahaha. Sweet!
Mashiro: So go ahead and help yourself.
Misaki: 'Kay! Then I'll sink my paws into this... Whoa?! Where'd you get this?! This is some <i>super</i> high-quality stuff!
Mashiro: Well, I kind of wanted to come prepared today, so I asked my mom to go all out.
Misaki: ...You sure you wanna give this to me?
Mashiro: It's all yours! I'm sure my mom would rather I give it to someone who would enjoy it!
Misaki: You're an angel... I'm in the presence of a legit angel!
Mashiro: I'm really not...
Misaki: Oh, but you are! You've saved the one and only Misaki-chan from starvation!
Mashiro: I think you're the one who saved me, personally...
Misaki: ...Hm? You say something?
Mashiro: Oh, no. Nothing at all.
Misaki: Well, okay. But are you sure I can eat <i>all</i> of this?
Mashiro: Like I said, help yourself.
Misaki: Yaaay! Guess I'll start with whatever looks best, so the shrimp tempura it is!
Misaki: Huh?! Holy crap, this is <i>so</i> good! How?!
Mashiro: See, my family actually runs an udon restaurant... Our shrimp tempura is a store specialty.
Misaki: Oh... an udon restaurant...
Mashiro: ...Is something wrong?
Misaki: Oh, nah. I was just thinking about something.
Mashiro: O-Okay...
Mashiro: Wait, I just realized! I haven't even introduced myself yet... I'm Mashiro Arisaka, a freshman.
Misaki: Misaki Tobisawa's my name. Sophomore.
Mashiro: Oh, so you're a year above me, then... Is it fine if I call you Misaki-senpai?
Misaki: Sure. As for me... I guess Arisaka-san? That fine by you?
Mashiro: Oh, no. Just call me Mashiro!
Misaki: Aight! Nice to meet you, Mashiro!
Mashiro: The pleasure's all mine, Misaki-senpai!
Mashiro: She was so pretty back then... I remember watching that beautiful, silky black hair of hers sway with the breeze...
Mashiro: And she also ate everything I had in that giant lunchbox... How could I not fall in love with her?
Mashiro: Ah...
Mashiro: Hm, come to think of it, Senpai did something similar after the summer tournament. He extended his hand out to me...
Mashiro: "I'll keep my promise next time, I swear."
Mashiro: ...Yeah, he didn't sound <i>that</i> smug about it.
Mashiro: "I'll keep my promise next time, I swear."
Mashiro: That's more like... Hold on, how'd I get into thinking about him again?!
Mashiro: Why am I like this...?
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: Well, I guess there's no shame in admitting it at this point.
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai and Masaya-senpai...
Mashiro: They were the handsome prince and princess who reached out to me in my times of need...
Mashiro: Wait... Whose hand would I take if I only got one choice?
Mashiro: Misaki-senpai is my best friend in the whole world... but Masaya-senpai's my FC coach...
Mashiro: Ah... Ah, ahhh...!
Mashiro: How am I supposed to choose?!
Misaki: ...Oh, I got a text.
Misaki: Mashiro? Um, let's see... "I'll always love you no matter what!"
Misaki: Huh?! What the hell's up with this creepy message?!
★: Mashiro Route Extra 01 -- End
Masaya: ...Man, I really wish I could've gone to see the fireworks with Mashiro. It's such a shame.
I mope to myself as I rest on my bed.
As for what Mashiro thought...
Mashiro: Unfortunately, we didn't get to go see the real fireworks... but I enjoyed getting to help out at the restaurant with you.
That's what she said.
She probably had so much fun she wasn't even bothered by how frighteningly packed the restaurant was.
This year's summer is special for us, because it's when we officially started going out. I definitely want to make good memories to remember it by.
Masaya: But it's hard to find the time when Mashiro has her Speeder Alliance practice and I have work at Mashiro Udon...
What a dilemma...
Masaya: Oh, already time to head to work.
Masaya: A tanuki and kitsune udon, large with extra agedama!
Botan: Got it!
Botan: You've really gotten used to your job here.
Masaya: Thanks. I'm happy to hear that.
Botan: I imagine Mashiro would be quite happy if we had you learn how to make udon noodles, though.
Masaya: Pfft?!
...Botan-san, please spare me those jokes. You're seriously gonna get me killed by her father.
Botan: But I've noticed that your mind's been somewhere else today.
Masaya: What?!
Botan: You didn't make any mistakes, but you can't fool these eyes.
Masaya: ...Yeah, I guess not.
Botan: Hehehe. I'm glad you admitted it.
Masaya: Sorry. I'll be sure to focus more.
Botan: Well, I was going to suggest something...
She grins, looks toward the kitchen, then whispers to me.
Botan: We're almost through with our evening rush... so I was thinking I might lend an ear to our young boy here and see what's troubling him.
B-B-B-Botan-san?!
Botan: ...So tell me, what's new in the life of young Masaya Hinata?
I'm sitting across from my employer, in the now empty restaurant, almost like I'm having a job interview.
Masaya: So the thing is, Mashiro... Mashiro-san and I were talking about the fireworks display from the other day...
Botan: I really owe you an apology for that. I should've just kept my mouth shut...
Masaya: It's fine, really! You don't have to apologize.
Masaya: Your daughter said she had a fun time working here with me anyway.
Botan: That does make me feel a bit better, I suppose...
Masaya: But I was thinking... I really need to make some memories with her.
Botan: Oh my...
Masaya: She's been working so hard lately, so I want to do something for her.
Masaya: Of course, that's only if you... or rather, you and your husband, will allow it...
Botan: I think I understand what's going on now...
Masaya: I guess I'm asking for a little much.
Botan: No, not at all. I love to hear things like that.
Masaya: ...Huh?
Botan: You might think we're overprotective... but my husband and I both love our daughter more than anything in the world.
Botan: That's why I'm happy that she's been trying so hard lately... Naturally, that also means I'd be more than happy to help someone who loves our little girl and wants to brighten her life.
Masaya: Botan-san...
This conversation makes me realize how wonderful Mashiro's family is.
I have to cherish that girl just as much as they do.
Botan: Do you have any ideas yet or are you still thinking?
Masaya: Just something fireworks-related, basically...
Botan: I see your problem. All the firework shows in Shitou have already happened.
Masaya: Yeah, it's a bit of a problem...
Botan: Oh, I know!
Her eyes light up like she has a great idea.
Botan: I might be able to make something happen.
Masaya: Seriously?!
Botan: ...What do you think? It should be more than enough to last, right?
Masaya: Thank you! That's perfect! I'm sure she'll love it!
Botan: Would you like to do it tonight, then?
Masaya: That's fine by me... but does it <i>have</i> to be today?
Botan: You want to surprise her, don't you?
Masaya: Good point.
Botan: You know her. She can be a bit silly at times, but her intuition is strong.
Masaya: Yeah...
I still remember the last time she said something that was on my mind.
Botan: I think it's better to do it sooner rather than later, in case she catches on.
Masaya: True. I mean, she could walk through the door any--
Mashiro: I'm home!
Masaya: M-Mashiro-san?!
Mashiro: Uh, hi... Why are you so shocked?
Masaya: Well... I didn't think your practice with Ichinose would end this early.
I answer her question while trying to quell my thumping heart.
Mashiro: We're not done yet, I just forgot the notebook I use to write to jot things down. It's on my desk.
Botan: On your desk? I'll go get it.
Mashiro: Wait! Mom, I could've done that myself!
Masaya: S-So, how'd practice itself go?
Mashiro: Pretty good, I'd say.
Mashiro: I feel like I'm getting better at reading my opponents. My FC intuition, I guess you'd call it?
Masaya: W-Wow, that's great...
Botan-san was right. We don't want to wait.
Mashiro: What about you, Senpai? You're acting a little strange today.
Masaya: Y-You think?
Mashiro: Yeah, I do. You're sweating like crazy...
Masaya: It's a pretty hot day... Hahaha.
Mashiro: Hm?
Shit. She's already getting suspicious...
Botan: Here it is, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Oh, okay. Thanks, Mom...
Saved by Botan-san!
Mashiro: Okay, I'll be at practice. See you later.
Botan: Have fun.
Masaya: I know I probably don't have to say it, but try not to get hurt, okay?
Mashiro: Of course.
She takes off, but then stops...
Mashiro: ...Good luck with work, Senpai.
She pokes her head back in from the entrance to give me those little words of encouragement.
Botan: Isn't she just the sweetest thing?
Masaya: Thanks, Mashiro...san.
I'd feel really happy right now if not for the dreadful aura radiating from the kitchen.
I hope I can get used to this someday...
Masaya: From what Ichinose said, she should be here any moment...
I'm currently hiding near the restaurant while I wait for Mashiro to get back, just as Botan-san and I discussed.
Can't say I feel great about looking like a creep, but this is supposed to be a surprise, so I can't just wait for her to walk in.
Mashiro: Haaah... I'm starving...
Mashiro: I'm baaack!
I see Mashiro totter toward the restaurant, open the door, and walk in.
Masaya: Now I just wait for Botan-san to take her out to the courtyard.
Masaya: I hope she likes it...
I look up at the sky as I mutter that to myself.
I'm usually the one who gets surprised by things she does for me, which is why I'm a little worried if this will actually work.
Well, I'm sure she'll appreciate the thought either way. I just have to believe and do my part!
Mashiro: Hey... are we really doing this, Mom?
Botan: Make hay while the sun shines, as they say.
Mashiro: But in the middle of the night?
Here we go!
I do a little countdown inside my mind, then light everything we've prepared.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Mashiro's eyes widen the second she sees that burst of light in the night sky.
Masaya: Mashiro...
But I'm just as stunned myself.
Mashiro's wearing a yukata, and she looks <i>gorgeous.</i>
Mashiro: ...Is that you, Senpai?
Botan: Hehehe... I managed to surprise both of you. That's a success in my book!
Botan-san smiles merrily at the two of us.
Mashiro: What's that supposed to mean?
Botan: Hinata-kun actually came to me today and said he wanted to show you fireworks. This was all his idea.
Mashiro: Ah...!
Botan: That's when I remembered that one of our regulars gave us a fireworks set as a gift one time. I told him we could use them to put on a mini fireworks display right here in our backyard.
Botan: The only thing is... the fireworks are all the same kind. It's a bit of a shame, but what can you do.
Mashiro: Yeah, you're right... Now that I look at them, they're all rockets...
Botan: And I thought I'd let you see my cute little girl in a yukata, Hinata-kun. That's your surprise.
Masaya: Wha--!
Botan: Hehehe... Well, I'll leave you two lovebirds to yourselves now.
Mashiro: Wait, Mom?!
Botan-san leaves right after she says that.
Mashiro: God, she's always like this...
Masaya: Sorry for pulling this off without telling you...
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: I thought something was up earlier. Turns out you were planning this little thing, huh?
Masaya: I was a little sad we didn't get to see the fireworks together, so I figured I could at least try to make up for it.
Mashiro: You know, I really was telling the truth when I said I enjoyed working with you that day.
Masaya: Still, we haven't done much since we started dating, so I wanted to do a little something, at least.
Mashiro: Well, yeah. I do appreciate it... like, a lot...
After taking in that bashful smile of hers, I light the fuse to the next firework.
Mashiro: They're just so pretty...
Masaya: Yeah, I didn't know normal store-bought fireworks could look this good.
Mashiro: Same here...
Masaya: But you look even prettier in your yukata, Mashiro.
Mashiro: What?! M-Me, pretty? Where's this coming from...?
Masaya: Well, remember, I've never seen you in one. It took me so long to tell you my thoughts because I was so captivated.
Mashiro: ...Would you say this a good enough reward for you, then?
Masaya: It's more than good enough.
Mashiro: I thought it was a bit random when she brought up wanting to take pictures of me in my yukata, but I'm really glad I went along with it.
That's a pretty pushy approach, Botan-san...
Masaya: I've already done my part, so it's your turn now, Mashiro. What do you think?
Mashiro: Let me see...
Mashiro: If I'm being brutally honest, I don't think you did your homework.
Masaya: ...Huh?
Mashiro: See, I actually don't like loud fireworks.
Masaya: What?! Why didn't Botan-san say anything?!
Mashiro: Well, I've always been a pretty reserved person... so Mom and Dad probably just don't know.
Masaya: I can see that...
Mashiro: ...Still, I think my opinion's changed now.
Masaya: Huh...?
Mashiro: Rockets are my new favorite type of firework, starting today.
Masaya: Ah...!
Mashiro: So thank you very much for this, Senpai.
Mashiro: I'm touched that you put so much effort and thought into creating this wonderful surprise for me...
Masaya: Mashiro...
I feel like she deserves a thank you much more than I do.
After all, there's no greater surprise present than this angelic smile on her face.
Masaya: You know, it feels weird hearing you give me such an honest and straightforward thank you.
Mashiro: Some situations call for honesty, and right now just happens to be one of them.
Masaya: That's a good point.
Mashiro: Come on, Senpai, hurry up and light the next one.
Masaya: Oh, right...
We brought them all out here, so we may as well launch them all.
Mashiro: Wow...
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Hey, Mashiro...
Mashiro: Yeah?
Masaya: Let's ask Botan-san and your dad if we can go see the fireworks together next year.
Mashiro: We should...
Fireworks spring up into the night sky, one after the other, and burst out into a colorful display.
Beside me is my darling sweetheart in a gorgeous yukata.
Her hand is softly resting on mine as we smile and gaze up at the night sky...
This is a beautiful, unforgettable memory we've made together on this fine summer night.
★: Mashiro Route Extra 02 -- End.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mmmph...
Her lips softly touch me on an area between my lips and cheek I can't quite distinguish.
Mashiro: Senpai...
She calls out to me repeatedly in that soft, sweet voice of hers.
Mashiro: Senpai...! Senpai...! Senpai...!
She rubs her forehead against me like a kitten that wants to cuddle.
I've been silently letting her do that for about 20 minutes now.
As much as I'm enjoying the sensation of my cute girlfriend rubbing up against me, it's about time for me to say something.
Masaya: You said one more kiss, Mashiro. How many has it been now?
Mashiro: ...I was waiting for you to say something. Too bad. It looks like I'll have to stop now.
Masaya: So you <i>knew</i> and did it on purpose, huh?
Mashiro: Did you, um... not want to kiss?
Masaya: If I didn't, I definitely wouldn't have let you give me 12 of them.
Mashiro: ...Look at you, teasing me when you were keeping count.
Masaya: I want to remember every kiss you give me, Mashiro. That's why.
Mashiro: Senpai...
Mashiro: Mmmph...
That's kiss number 13.
Mashiro: That was a real underhanded move, Senpai. Saying stuff like that makes my heart flutter and... I get the urge to kiss you again.
Masaya: It's your fault for being so darn cute.
Mashiro: That's not true... I'm not cute at all...
Masaya: Don't insult my girlfriend, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Ugh! You used the same line I used on you earlier.
Masaya: It was pretty effective on me, so I borrowed it.
Mashiro: ...It worked pretty well on me, too.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: ......
We don't even have to exchange words. Just gazing at her like this is enough to fill my heart with warmth.
It may seem like a tiny thing, but changes like this really make me realize how far we've come as a couple.
Mashiro: It's so strange...
Mashiro: It hasn't even been an hour, yet I somehow feel like I love you a million times more now.
Masaya: I know <i>exactly</i> what you mean.
Mashiro: ...I want a more direct answer out of you.
Masaya: Uh, what?!
Mashiro: I just told you I loved you. I feel like there's a certain standard response to that.
Masaya: ...Guys don't like saying sappy things like that.
Mashiro: You were saying some pretty sappy things about half an hour ago. What's got you all moody?
Masaya: I'm not being moody.
Mashiro: ...Are you too embarrassed to say it?
Masaya: Ugh...!
Mashiro: Come on, Senpai, tell me the truth.
Masaya: Fine, I admit it. I guess I said a lot of that stuff mainly because I wanted to take the lead for our first time, and now, um, your face is really close... and it's embarrassing me.
Mashiro: Well, I think there's a good reason for that, considering what we just got done doing.
Masaya: Ah...!
Masaya: I didn't expect to hear you say something like that, Mashiro...
Mashiro: Yeah. I had the same reaction right after I said it...
Her face turns red to show that.
Mashiro: But... I'm sure that's nothing to worry about.
Masaya: Right.
Our love for one another is heightened right now, causing even the smallest of remarks to put butterflies in our stomachs, and make us blush like crazy.
She and I have undoubtedly grown closer to one another tonight.
What we've done, and are doing now, is more than enough proof of that fact.
Mashiro: So you're going to say it, aren't you?
Masaya: ...I was hoping you wouldn't bring that up again.
Mashiro: Of course I am. I need to hear my boyfriend tell me he loves me or I might start crying when I get back home.
Mashiro: I'll keep asking myself all those questions girls do when they're in relationships, like "Does he really love me? I'm not being too clingy, am I?"
Masaya: Okay, fine. I'll say it, so stop scaring me with that frighteningly realistic scenario.
It's doing serious damage to my heart.
Mashiro: Hehehe... Okay, take it away, then. And say it like you mean it.
Masaya: Sure...
Not even an hour ago, I told her I'd always show her my best side. I can't chicken out already.
Masaya: I've... I've come to love you a million times more too, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Ah!
Masaya: Man, why's this so damn embarrassing... I wasn't even this embarrassed when I confessed to you.
I know exactly how hard I'm blushing right now.
Mashiro: S-Senpai! I'll get the voice recorder on my phone ready, so please repeat what you just said! Just one more time!
Masaya: Why are you punishing me like this, Mashiro...?
Mashiro: It's a reward for me.
Masaya: Spare me, please.
Mashiro: ...Hm, okay. Teasing you to the point where you get annoyed with me defeats the whole purpose.
Mashiro: You're the nicest person in the world, so I know I'll hear you tell me you love me plenty of times in the future.
She goes on to suggest that with a beaming smile on her face.
Though, the fact that she said that without a shred of doubt in her voice basically turns it into a statement of coercion.
Masaya: And you accused me of playing dirty...
Mashiro: You just noticed? Took you long enough.
The worst part of all is that I find that smug grin on her face terribly cute. I'm real scared right now...
Masaya: By the way, um... does your body feel fine?
Mashiro: ...You perv.
I try to change the topic to distract myself from that thought, only to be met with her reproachful gaze.
Masaya: Look, I'm genuinely concerned, okay?
Mashiro: R-Right... What was I even thinking...? Hahaha...
Masaya: So, everything feel good?
Mashiro: I actually feel a lot better than I assumed. Seems like the mental training I did beforehand really helped out.
Masaya: ...O-Oh, that's nice.
Mashiro: Hey, don't blush... I'm just as embarrassed that I admitted that, and now you're just making it worse...
Masaya: Right, sorry...
Mashiro: But there <i>is</i> one thing I want you to know.
Mashiro: I'm beyond happy that I got to give my virginity to you.
Masaya: Mashiro...
Mashiro: Mmm...
Mashiro: I have to say, I really enjoy it more when you initiate the kisses.
Masaya: Sorry, it's a little hard to hold myself back.
Mashiro: Well, not that it would've mattered. I would've kissed you anyway if you hadn't.
Masaya: There's just a tiny problem, though. The more we kiss, the more, uh, I think back to what we just did...
Mashiro: What we just did...?
Mashiro: Ah!
Masaya: You're blushing like crazy, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Sorry... The embarrassment came flooding back when I remembered...
Masaya: I know how you feel...
I was just like her until a minute or so ago.
Mashiro: Ugh... Just in case you think otherwise, this is all your fault, okay?
Masaya: What do you want me to do to make up for it?
Mashiro: Hug me real tight.
Masaya: Ah...!
Mashiro: If you hug me, I'm sure all the embarrassment will go away.
God, she couldn't have made a sweeter request if she tried. And that adorable smile, too. There's no way I can say no to that.
Masaya: Just lift your body up a little for me.
Mashiro: Okay...
The sound of the sheets rustling combined with the slight hint of embarrassment in her voice makes my face heat up.
I'm filled with affection and joy as I feel her soft skin directly against mine.
Masaya: ...Thanks for being so strong today, Mashiro.
I start stroking her head on instinct.
Mashiro: What we did was only possible because you made sure to be gentle with me...
Masaya: Well, I think I got a little too rough near the end...
Mashiro: I-I guess you did...
Masaya: Let's just say we contributed equally, okay?
Mashiro: Yeah, that sounds good.
She buries her face in my chest before even finishing her sentence.
Mashiro: Senpai...! Senpai...! Senpai...!
Well, this isn't good. I feel like we're right back to square one again.
Mashiro: Haaah... I love you so, <i>so</i> much, Senpai...
But it would be downright criminal of me to peel this adorable girl who's smiling blissfully off me.
Masaya: Have you always been such a needy girl, Mashiro?
Mashiro: I don't care if this makes me needy. I'm happy as long as I get to cuddle with you.
Masaya: Really...
Mashiro: I don't want to leave your side for a second. That's why I'm like this...
Masaya: Ah...!
God, I really am the luckiest guy in the world. I can't believe I bagged such a cute girl!
But as much as I love it, it's giving rise to a certain problem...
Masaya: Um, Mashiro? If you keep rubbing your naked body against me...
Mashiro: Ah...!
Mashiro: You perv...
Masaya: Look, I don't think that makes me a perv. If I <i>didn't</i> get turned on in a situation like this, there'd be something seriously wrong with my sex drive.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: I don't mind. If you want to... we can go another, um...
Masaya: Wait, hold up! You started cuddling me <i>because</i> you remembered and got embarrassed! Having more sex now would defeat the entire purpose!
Mashiro: I can... keep going...
Masaya: Ah...!
Stay strong, Masaya! Now isn't the time to give into temptation!
I don't want to end up hurting her, so the correct decision is to abstain.
Masaya: B-Besides, the sun's already setting... We don't have time to--
Mashiro: ...I don't think Mom and Dad will mind if I get back a little later than expected.
Masaya: Ah...!
Masaya: I feel guilty enough for taking their daughter's virginity, so quit trying to tempt me!
★: Mashiro Extra 03 -- End.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro's tackling the workbook in front of her, a frown on her face.
It's been a few days since our mini fireworks display. Today, we once again find ourselves dealing with homework.
Mashiro: I'm really sorry about this. I know you already had a long workday at the restaurant...
Masaya: It's fine. You've been working extra hard lately, so the more I can do for you, the better I feel.
Mashiro: Senpai...
Masaya: Focus on your homework now.
Mashiro: R-Right.
Botan-san tasked me with this, so I can't betray her trust.
Or at least, that's what I keep telling myself, but to be perfectly honest, I've been finding it hard to focus on homework with all the time I've been spending with her lately.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro seems to be having the same issue. She keeps throwing glances my way in between solving problems.
Masaya: That's the wrong value for the variable here, Mashiro.
Mashiro: O-Oh, I didn't notice! Sorry!
It's more than obvious where responding to her signals will take us.
Frankly, I have to use all the power my brain can muster to suppress the urge to get intimate with her right here and now.
Mashiro: By the way, Senpai... Did you hear about the new farming method they discovered in MonEat?
Masaya: The third site from the top that shows up when you google "MonEat walkthrough"? Yeah, I've seen it.
Mashiro: That's the one, yeah! Though, really, I'm surprised you're searching for game stuff online...
Masaya: Yeah. Surprisingly enough, I got <i>really</i> into the game. I still check certain sites regularly.
Mashiro: I'm kind of glad you're still interested in MonEat.
Masaya: Yeah. It started out as a punishment, but I ended up having a lot of fun with it.
Mashiro: ...Wanna try the new farming method out right now?
Masaya: After your math problems are all done, sure.
Mashiro: Yeah...
It pains my heart to see her sigh like that, but not even a second after looking back down at her workbook, she's looking at me again...
Mashiro: I-Is it just me, or is <i>really</i> stuffy in here? I was thinking about taking my cardigan off... Hahaha, maybe not...
She brings up the temperature in the room, of all things.
It's honestly adorable how blatantly she's trying to get out of doing her homework, but I can't give in.
Masaya: You sure? They said it was two degrees colder than yesterday.
Mashiro: Do you check the weather forecasts daily or something?
Masaya: Well, a lot of heat strokes happen this time of year, so any good coach should be keeping up with the weather.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: ...Mashiro?
Mashiro: You know, I feel really awful for trying to use the weather as an excuse when you're genuinely worried about our health...
Masaya: Make it up to me by doing your homework, okay?
Mashiro: I'll knock it out of the park!
She clenches her fists for a second, then proceeds to run her pen over the pages of her workbook.
Mashiro is good at focusing on tasks, for the most part. Once she finds the motivation to do something, you no longer have to worry about her losing it.
Mashiro: All done!
After making quick work of her math problems, she proudly thrusts the workbook out in front of me.
Masaya: Okay, I'll check your solutions for you.
Mashiro: Thank you...
Masaya: Nice, they look good to me.
Mashiro: Yay! Now, time for a little break--
Masaya: How about we get the rest of those problems done with instead?
Mashiro: ...What?
Masaya: Why are you looking at me like I'm crazy?
Mashiro: No... Sorry, it's just...
Mashiro: I honestly expected you to say something a little, you know, unexpected in a way...
Mashiro: I thought you were having the same thoughts I was...
Masaya: ...Huh?
Mashiro: Nothing. I'm going to finish up the rest of these problems.
She begins to work on the next set of problems, as she said she would, but she seems to be in a <i>really</i> bad mood...
Masaya: Are you mad at me?
Mashiro: No, not really.
Masaya: Seriously? You don't look too happy right now...
Mashiro: Stop bothering me while I'm trying to do my homework, please.
Masaya: S-Sorry, Mashiro...
Her sassy remark makes me back off immediately.
Masaya: Hm...
It might be a good idea to step out for a while and see if her mood improves.
Masaya: I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Mashiro: Be my guest.
Mashiro: ......
Mashiro: Just you wait and see. I'll show you, Senpai...
Masaya: Haaah...
Masaya: I didn't think she'd get <i>that</i> upset...
I'm not intentionally trying to ignore her. I mean, I'd love to say to hell with the homework and spend the day cuddling and making out.
But getting too physical with her in her house could lead to her parents' disapproval of our relationship, or even me coaching her in FC.
Masaya: Yeah, it's tough...
Masaya: Maybe I should just tell her. I'm sure she'll understand.
Masaya: Hey, Mashiro, I want to... to...?
I open the door to her room, prepared to speak my mind, but the sight that awaits me inside is beyond words.
I can't even comprehend it.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: ......
There's a cat in her room.
Well, okay... it's just Mashiro with cat ears and a cat tail on, but that's more than enough to make my brain mush.
Mashiro: M-Meow...
After hearing the cat cry out pleadingly, I step out again to regain my composure.
Masaya: Phew...
After taking a few deep breaths and telling myself to calm down, I re-enter the room.
And there I find...
Mashiro: Ah...!
A cat... Mashiro, that is... glaring at me reproachfully with tears in her eyes.
Masaya: Um... Care to explain what you're doing?
Mashiro: Hissssss!
I couldn't help but ask the question, and all she does is hiss at me menacingly. Or rather, hiss at me trying to say, "Don't ask that question."
Masaya: Hm...
What am I supposed to make of this situation?
A similar thing happened once before, but that was an accident... so what is she up to now?
Mashiro: Meow...
As I'm standing there awkwardly trying to decide, she reaches out and softly tugs at the sleeve of my uniform.
Masaya: Ah...!
I think I know what she wants.
Masaya: Do you want me to play with you?
Mashiro: Meow! Meow! Meow!
My question is answered with gleeful meows.
Masaya: I thought so...
This is her way of forcing me to give her affection, since I've been prioritizing homework all day long.
I can't tell her to go do homework now because she's a cat, not a person. I see what you're trying to pull, Mashiro! I'm right, aren't I?
The moment I hit upon that, a switch is flipped in my mind and I start talking to the cat.
Masaya: Ohhh! You're the abandoned kitten I found a while back! How've you been?
Mashiro: Meow! Meow!
After I say that, she leans forward playfully. I assume she's happy that I've finally decided to play along.
Masaya: You're such a cute little kitty that I've been worried you might not... Oh, so someone <i>did</i> give you a home! Isn't that wonderful?
Mashiro: M-Meow!
I think the "cute" part caught her a little off-guard, but she quickly returns to her normal meowing.
Masaya: You keep tugging at my sleeve, little kitty. Have you been feeling lonely?
Mashiro: Meow... Meow...
I feel like she's gotten a bit better at this cat thing. Probably because she already has the experience of doing it once, I assume.
I still remember how dumbstruck I was back then.
Masaya: Okay! I'll play with you all you want today! Sound good?
Mashiro: Mreow! Meow! Meooow!
Masaya: What do you wanna do, little kitty?
Mashiro: M-Meow...
She somewhat hesitantly puts her head out in front of me.
Masaya: Oh, want me to pet you?
Mashiro: Meow...
Come to think of it, I never stroked her head the last time.
Fortunately, we're boyfriend and girlfriend now, so I can do it without feeling guilty.
Masaya: Like this...?
I recall an old animal show I watched, and softly touch Mashiro's head like I saw the guy on there do.
Mashiro: Meow!
Masaya: Good kitty... Good kitty!
I proceed to stroke her hair slowly and gently.
Mashiro: Meow... Meow... Meow!
Whenever I finish a stroke, she meows out in bliss.
Masaya: Does it feel good, little kitty?
Mashiro: Meooow...
Her well-groomed hair feels extremely smooth to the touch.
But the best part for me is seeing that expression of pure bliss on Mashiro's face. I love her so much.
Mashiro: Hehe, hehehe... Senpai rubbed my head...
I don't know if she started talking normally again because of how relaxed she is or what, but this is pretty damn adorable.
Masaya: What would you like to do next, little kitty?
Mashiro: ......
After a momentary silence, Mashiro plops down onto the bed and relaxes her muscles.
Masaya: Is this that submission pose I've heard so much about?
What dogs and cats do to show obedience toward their owners.
Masaya: Um, what do you want me to do to you...?
Mashiro: ......
She keeps silent, only blushing a bit. It's easy enough to guess what she wants me to do from that reaction...
Masaya: Do you want me to <i>touch</i> you?
Mashiro: Ah...!
Her head bops up and down so faintly that I would've missed it had I not been so focused on her.
Masaya: ...<i>Really?</i>
I feel the sweat pouring down my back.
Right, owners do typically rub the bellies of their animals...
But no matter how hard I try to get into this roleplay, Mashiro is the one in front of me, not a cat.
Mashiro: Meow...
This might go in a direction we don't want it to if we're not careful...
Masaya: Are you really okay with this?
Mashiro: ......
She may not have answered my question verbally, but the stern expression on her face leaves no room for interpretation.
Masaya: Okay. I'm gonna touch you now...
Mashiro: M-Meow...
I muster up the courage, then place my fingers on the most safe place: her upper arm.
Mashiro: Mhhh...
Her arm, unlike my own, is so delicate and soft that I have a hard time believing there's any muscle there at all.
I proceed to rub my fingers across her skin, taking in the sensation of this part of her arm I haven't even touched during FC practice.
Mashiro: ...You could've touched me other places, you know?
Masaya: Huh? Did I just hear someone's voice...?
Mashiro: Ah! M-Meow...
Masaya: Must've been just my imagination... Anyway, let's continue...
Masaya: Good kitty... Good kitty...
Mashiro: But, mhhm... you're touching me so softly... It's like you're trying to turn me on...
Masaya: Quiet now!
Mashiro: I can't, I just... Meow... Meow...! Meow, mmm!
I'm basically just giving her a massage at this point.
Mashiro: Meow...! Meow, mmm, mnnn...!
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: M-Meow... Meow, ah... Ah...!
But these moans she's making are putting me in a certain mood.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Mashiro: Senpai...
After I've loosened up both of her arms, she pants seductively as she calls my name.
Mashiro: You can... move... and touch other places now...
Masaya: Ah...!
I no longer care to point out that she's dropped the cat act.
Her words blow out the last flame of reason left in my mind.
Masaya: Mashiro...
Mashiro: Senpai...
We call out to each other longingly as our faces draw close to one another.
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: ......
We take each other's hands and move our lips until they're just about on top of each other.
And that's when--
Botan: Hey, Mashiro! I made udon for lunch, so come on down!
A loud voice snaps me back to reality.
Mashiro: C-Coming, Mom!
We get back into a normal position at an alarming speed.
Mashiro: Um, sorry about that... Senpai...
Masaya: No, it's all my fault...
Mashiro: L-Let's just say it was both our faults, then!
Masaya: Sounds good to me.
That's definitely better for our peace of mind.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: Do you want to get some udon?
Masaya: Yeah, let's go. Don't want it getting cold.
Nothing good ever comes of trying to do things you aren't used to.
Mashiro and I learned that firsthand today.
★: Mashiro Extra 04 -- End.
Uh, what?
Misaki suddenly squishes Mr. Shitou into my face.
Shitou: Hahah! Good day, Masaya-san.
Masaya: ...The hell are you doing?
Shitou: Ello, moi name's Shitou!
Masaya: ...Have you lost it?
Shitou: I was thinking to meowself earlier, don't I have a rather indecent shape?
Masaya: No, seriously, what the hell are you making Mr. Shitou say?
Misaki finally removes the doll from my face.
Misaki: Don't you agree, Masaya?
Masaya: Maybe we should take you to see a doctor? I hear there's an illness where you see everything as sexual.
Misaki: I'm not sick. I just can't shake the feeling that he kinda looks like you. Like, if we put the two of you down next to each other...
Masaya: Huh...? Ah! Why do you always have such weird thoughts! And why would thinking that make you shove him in my face?!
Give me back my innocence!
Misaki: Hm, y'know, imagining it happening in real life has me kinda excited. How would Masaya react if it happened to him? It sounds so fun!
Masaya: Not at all. You're making me feel sorry for poor Mr. Shitou.
Misaki: Sorry to say, but Mr. Shitou <i>loves</i> jokes like this.
Masaya: Have you ever considered just like, not self-inserting into the plushie?
Misaki: Well, anyway...
Not this shit again.
Shitou: Oi, Masaya.
Masaya: ...What is it, Mr. Shitou?
Apparently Mr. Shitou's the type to change the topic of conversation on a whim.
Shitou: So summer's about to be over, innit? But we haven't done a single thing one could describe as summery. Spare a thought for your poor girlfriend, you should.
Masaya: You should figure out an actual speech pattern for Mr. Shitou before he goes through an identity crisis.
Misaki: Ugh, geez!
Misaki throws both her arms into the air.
Misaki: It's summer, but you've been cruelly tormenting my young, supple body on the beach, and cruelly tormenting my young, supple body in the skies, and cruelly hanging my young, supple body from the ceiling with rope while you whip me. Just thinking about it makes me chillier than the coldest winter!
Masaya: One mention of your "young, supple body" would have been enough. You sound like a total perv. Besides, I don't remember doing any of that.
Misaki: You don't? How cruel of you after you trained my body to be unable to live without your whip.
What the hell is she on?
Masaya: Where would I even get a whip from?
Misaki: ...From a hardware store?
Masaya: Hm, maybe, but I wouldn't know.
Misaki: Anyway, today's for resting my body.
Straining your muscles to the limit day after day is an inefficient training method. You need to insert the appropriate amount of rest days in between, or else you won't be able to recover from your fatigue.
Masaya: That's why we're doing simulations with Mr. Shitou to train your mind instead of your muscles.
Misaki: But we've already finished our quota for today. Do you plan on spending the rest of the day just sitting around chatting and smooching like usual?
Masaya: Don't call it smooching! It's embarrassing...
We should at least try to hide things a little.
Misaki: I know we're a young couple, alone at home, but don't you think all that smooching is a bit much?
Masaya: No way! This is <i>totally</i> normal.
Unhealthy, maybe, but not unnatural.
Misaki: We can bang our problems into each other when we're alone at any time. We don't need to spend all summer being lewd.
Masaya: Don't call it lewd.
She dramatically stares off into the distance.
Misaki: Summer's about to end. I can hear it crying out, "I want to play with Misaki-chan".
Masaya: Sounds like you're away with the fairies.
Misaki: My life is a fairy tale, after all. I warned you before, but you need to watch how you act. I'm saying this for your own good, Masaya. You better believe me.
Masaya: Why do you sound so proud of that...? Well, I guess everyone needs a change of pace now and again.
I have been forcing her to go hard without any breaks since she resumed practice. It must be stressful.
Stress leads to tense muscles, which makes you get tired faster. The mental aspect of it means you don't recover as quickly either.
And Misaki's the emotionally weak type as it is.
I've been too negligent, both as her coach and as her boyfriend.
Masaya: Fine, let's go do something summery!
Misaki throws her hands up in celebration.
Misaki: Yeah! Time to make summer our little bitch! I'm not gonna let up until summer's begging for mercy!
Masaya: I've got no idea what you mean, but I can tell you're excited. How about we go for a swim in the ocean?
Misaki: Hm, I'd love to wear my swimsuit, but the beach just reminds me of the horrors of practice...
Masaya: Oh, good point.
She's been flying above the ocean and running along the beaches so much that she mentally links them with FC. I doubt she'd be able to fully enjoy herself.
Masaya: Wanna wear your swimsuit in the clubroom, then?
Misaki: Hell no! That's weird. Think of what could happen if we got used to doing that.
Masaya: Hate to say it, but you're right.
I was really hoping she'd go for it...
Misaki: Let's get away from all this lewd stuff already.
What my darling girlfriend wants, she shall get.
When you think of a wholesome summer, you think of...
Masaya: How about the mountains?
Misaki: Are you nuts? I'm trying to rest here, but you're suggesting a hike?
Masaya: ...Good point. Guess that means walking or cycling are both out?
Misaki: Obviously. Exercising out in the blazing sun doesn't count as a rest day.
Masaya: Nothing strenuous on the body, then. How about the Iron Mall or the arcade?
Misaki: That's not seasonal! It's summer, Masaya!
Masaya: How do you plan on making summer beg for mercy when you're vetoing all outdoor activities?
Misaki: It's your job to figure stuff out, not mine. There are tons of ways to spend your summer lazing around.
I thought her problem was that she <i>didn't</i> want to laze around?
Masaya: Like sitting under an air conditioner doing nothing?
Misaki: So our only choice is to work up a sweat in this room together smooching, huh...?
Masaya: It's not our <i>only</i> choice. Let's think about this from the top. Imagine summer...
Misaki: Summer... The incessant sun. A temperature in excess of thirty degrees from the moment you wake up, dripping in sweat. The danger of heatstroke from the moment you leave the house. Your shirt clinging to your sweaty skin. Your strength drained without you lifting a finger...
Masaya: You just hate summer!
Misaki: Oh no, I mean all of that in a good way. I actually kinda like being abused. You might not know it, Masaya, but I have a pretty big masochistic streak.
Uh, no, you've made that pretty damn obvious, actually.
Masaya: There are positive things, too. Like ice cream, watermelons... Hm, rhinoceros beetles, yukata, y'know?
Misaki: Oh yeah!
Misaki points at me with a snap.
Masaya: Wh-What?
Misaki: Th-That's it! A yukata! That's summer! It's <i>exactly</i> what I've been looking for! The simple eloquence of a yukata! Let's do it!
Masaya: Do you have one?
Misaki: You betcha! I think it's in my bottom drawer.
Misaki zooms over to her dresser and opens the bottom drawer, pulling out a beautiful length of cloth.
Misaki: See, right here, my yukata! Hehe, guess I'll get changed. I mean, if you really insist, I don't really have a choice...
Masaya: You absolutely must, I'm begging you.
Misaki: What's a girlfriend meant to do when you say that? I'll get changed right now for you, so turn around and keep your eyes shut.
Masaya: Got it.
Misaki: ...Wanna watch me change?
Masaya: Of course I do.
What man wouldn't want to see their girlfriend changing?
...I even peeked on her changing just after we started up our club.
Misaki: I really want to show you as a reward for being so honest with me, but if I did that, you wouldn't be able to control yourself. We'd be set on a straight course for smoochville. I better not.
Masaya: Can't say I blame you, really. You gonna be able to change into that on your own, though?
Misaki: Unfortunately for you, I'll be fine.
Masaya: Ugh, that sucks. I'll turn around and keep my eyes shut...
Misaki: Hehehe, you just wait there and suffer.
I can hear the rustling of clothes behind me.
Misaki must be stripping.
That thought has me suffering just as Misaki instructed me to.
My imagination runs wild, filling in for what I can't see.
I start thinking that there must be something wrong with me for not turning around when there's a semi-naked girl right behind me.
If I had just the slightest fraction of courage, I'd get an eyeful.
No, I can't! I mustn't!
I stay still and do as I promised. A coach-cum-boyfriend must never break his promises.
B-But...! But!
Misaki: Hehehe, hehe... Bet you're wondering what I look like right now, huh?
I feign calmness.
Masaya: Didn't you just take off your clothes?
Misaki: Yeeep! There's a girl in her underwear right behind you. Underwear, underwear. Half-nude, half-nude.
Masaya: Ugh, why are you trying to test me?
Misaki: So I can relish the thrill of not knowing if or when you might snap, Masaya. I need that sense of danger, y'know? This girl can't get off on the smaller risks!
Masaya: You're gonna cross a line unless you get that under control.
Misaki: Yeah, yeah.
I hear the rustling of clothes again.
Misaki: Let's see... This goes here... then I tie this cord... Huh? Wait, isn't this how you dress dead people?
Masaya: Funeral attire is left side in front, normal attire is right side in front. Just tuck the left side under the right.
Misaki: Wow, you know all that, Masaya? I thought my grandma's spirit had come down to help me for a second there.
Masaya: Don't just pretend your perfectly healthy grandmother is dead. Everyone knows this stuff.
When I was still playing FC, Aoi-san took me to a training camp. There was one of those traditional Japanese inns there, so she taught me how to wear a yukata.
Misaki: Hm... So I wrap the fabric guard under the obi, and... Oh no! My boobs fell off!
Masaya: As if!
She'd scream, not just say "Oh no!" if that happened.
Misaki: Thought you'd appreciate a little excitement.
Masaya: Well, I don't, so hurry up!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah. Hm, so this goes here... then I squeeze in tight. Okay, all done. You can look.
Masaya: Ooooooh, you got it on perfect.
Misaki jiggles her arms around while gently shaking her hips from side to side.
Misaki: Well, do I look cute? I think I did it up properly. It doesn't look weird, does it? Feels like I may have been a little lax with the obi...
Masaya: Nothing's wrong at all. You're cute, like man, so cute. You look so different, in a good way. It's just... Yeah, just damn cute.
Misaki: Hehehehe. B-But that dead serious look you're purroducing is making me feel hella awkward.
Masaya: You look great.
Misaki: Even though my boobs have fallen off?
Masaya: Then pick them up and stick them back on! Well, we've finally made it feel like summer in here. Let's keep heading in that direction.
Misaki: What else is there...? Oh, watermelons! I'm sure we have one here somewhere.
Masaya: You can't have summer without watermelons.
Misaki begins to tremble in excitement.
Misaki: Summer! Watermelons! It's all coming together now! Yes, I can see it! I can see summer begging us for mercy! Time to finish it off!
Masaya: Finish what...? Oh yeah, you have a veranda here.
Misaki: We do! Now summer's lost its balance, back facing toward us. Time to pick up consecutive dogfight points!
She points at me with a snap.
Misaki: It's time for our secret weapon! Mosquito coils! And to make doubly sure he's done for, um, we can have... a nip slip?
Masaya: ...A nip slip?
Pardon me, o girlfriend of mine?
Masaya: That might happen in a swimsuit, but there's no way to do that in a yukata.
You'd need a really loose yukata for one thing, and then you'd also need to not be wearing anything underneath.
Misaki: Shit, I should've stripped off my shirt and undies... This is summer! A summer with my boyfriend! And yet I can't even pull off a nip slip... I'm a failure.
Masaya: I think most people manage to go their whole lives without having a nip slip.
Either way, it's something you want to <i>avoid</i> happening. I don't want anyone other than me seeing them.
Misaki: A yukata, watermelons, a veranda, mosquito coils... Let's give this one more push.
Masaya: Hm, something summery...
Misaki: Something summery...
Misaki suddenly claps her hands together.
Misaki: Fireworks!
Masaya: That's it!
A spark of sheer brilliance.
Misaki: It's only natural that summer begged us for mercy when he saw our arsenal of a yukata, watermelons, a veranda, mosquito coils, and fireworks. Haaah, what a fulfilling summer. Right, now that we can relax, how about we get back to the smooching?
Masaya: You're fine just thinking of the things? You don't wanna actually do them?
Misaki: It's childish to pick a fight you know you're gonna win...
Masaya: You've done nothing summery but put on a yukata. C'mon, we've got our ideas, so let's go do them.
Misaki squirms happily.
Misaki: Well, if you <i>insist</i> Masaya, I don't mind playing along.
Masaya: Cool, time to go buy some fireworks.
Misaki rocks her arms, making the sleeves of her yukata shake about.
Misaki: But it's embarrassing being seen in a yukata when I'm not at a festival.
Masaya: Man...
Misaki: Man? Man what?
Masaya: Just thinking how damn cute you are when you're squirming like that.
Misaki: P-Pervert!
Masaya: I'm no pervert.
Misaki: Sorry, but my vocabulary isn't large enough to use any other word to describe a man who delights in tormenting young girls, so I'll continue to call you a pervert from now on.
Masaya: You will?
Misaki: Yes, I have no choice but to call you it for all eternity.
Masaya: Sounds like my future's taken a turn for the worst... You know, I was complimenting you, so you could just be happy about it.
She starts flapping the sleeves of her yukata about like they're the floats on the flight suit of that Skywalker from the summer tournament.
Misaki: I am happy about it!
Masaya: Y-You are?
Misaki: But I figured that acting happy about it would violate the blood pact we made together.
Masaya: I don't remember making any blood pacts.
Misaki often starts talking nonsense like this.
It's seriously confusing.
Misaki: Okay, I'm sorry about just now. I'm gonna try and act happy about it. Say it! I swear I'll be overjoyed and embarrassed and stuff!
Masaya: O-Okay.
D-Does she really need to get so worked up about this?
Masaya: You look great in your yukata, and you're adorable when you're embarrassed.
I can practically hear her neck creaking like a rusty machine as she tilts her head to the side.
Misaki: Th-Th-Th-Th-Thanks...
Masaya: Talk about stiff! Why'd you sound like a broken robot?!
Misaki: Ugh... Wh-What do I do?
She starts rubbing her head in shock.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Misaki: Whenever I try and express emotions toward you, it always ends up at one of two extremes. Either I say something stupid to make a joke of it, or I end up going on about how much I love love love you and want to hug you and kiss you all over.
Masaya: Oh...
I get what she means.
Misaki: I'd love to just smile and say thanks, b-but I can't. If I actually express how happy I am, I get super serious about it. I'm only capable of joking around or being serious. There's no middle ground with this girl!
She starts groaning to herself.
Misaki: I always thought I was more of a cat girl, but maybe my inability to hide my happiness makes me more of a dog person?
Masaya: You're just you. It hasn't even been long since we started going out, so I get confused sometimes too. We'll get the hang of it sooner or later.
Misaki: Haaah, I can't believe how much I've fallen for you... What a shock.
Masaya: It'd be better if you weren't shocked... Oh, I've got it! You're so cute, Misaki. I'm the luckiest man alive, having such a wonderful girlfriend.
Misaki: Huh?!
Masaya: You're just the cutest thing ever. I've never seen a girl look as good in a yukata as you do.
Misaki: Hnnngh!
Masaya: Every time I think about how cute my girlfriend is, I'm just overcome with happiness. It makes me want to profess my love from the rooftops.
Misaki: Ah...! Hahahahahahaha, I'm gonna kill you! Why would you tease an innocent maiden like that?! Ugggh, I-I love you! I love you, Masaya! I love you more than anything in the whole wide world!
Masaya: A-A counterattack?!
Misaki: You've flipped my love switch now. I love you... Haaah, haaah! Ugh! Ah... Haaah!
Masaya: D-Don't start panting on me.
Misaki: You're the one who flipped my switch... You best be ready for what's coming.
Masaya: I'm sorry!
Misaki: Haaah, ah... Mmm! I want you to hug me tight. Masaya... Mmm! Ah, haaah, Masaya, I love you!
Masaya: Please forgive me!
Misaki stares at me, panting like a wild animal.
Misaki: I hope now you've learned <i>not</i> to make fun of your adorable girlfriend.
Masaya: I <i>definitely</i> have.
A hyped up love assault when I'm just minding my own business is <i>not</i> something I want to deal with.
Masaya: Anyway, it's summer. It's totally fine if you go out in a yukata.
Misaki: I'd totally stand out, though. It's embarrassing...
Masaya: The most anyone will think is that you look cute in your yukata. It's like when you see someone wearing one in the street, all you think is, "wonder if there's a festival going on." If you think anything at all, anyway. Most likely, you won't even spare them a second glance.
Misaki: ...I guess you do have a point. It <i>is</i> summer.
Masaya: Cool, let's go, then.
I'm not sure why we had to go through this whole ordeal just to come to a decision about leaving the house.
But... that's just one of the things I love most about Misaki.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: ......
We're sitting on the veranda together, munching on a watermelon.
Misaki breathes a sigh.
Misaki: I'm glad we did this. It really feels like we're on summer vacation right now.
Masaya: You do realize we're actually on summer vacation, right?
Misaki: Oh yeaaah! We've been taking things so seriously that it hasn't clicked, I guess?
She swings her legs around as she spits seeds out into the garden.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: ......
I can feel my body cooling as I dig into this cold watermelon.
Misaki: Oh... There's a breeze.
Masaya: It feels great.
It cools down the thin layer of sweat covering me.
The wind blows the smoke from the mosquito coil in our direction.
Misaki: The smell of mosquito coils reminds me of the past.
Masaya: You mean it's nostalgic?
Misaki: Not exactly. I've always thought they reminded me of the past, even when I was little.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Though when I was little, I didn't have much of a past, did I? I wonder why I thought that.
Masaya: Hm... Maybe because they only come out in summer? When you're little, a single year can feel like a lifetime ago, so even the summer before would feel like it happened far off in the past.
Misaki: Oh yeah, maybe that's why.
Misaki falls silent again, then takes another bite of watermelon.
Misaki: I love the smell of mosquito coils. I love it even more when I think about how it reminds me of the past, but... Well, I can't really explain it, but it makes me wonder if I shouldn't be like this.
Masaya: What, that you shouldn't like the smell of mosquito coils?
Misaki: Maybe I'm too conservative? I dunno if that's the right word, but I've always been scared of things changing... The smell of mosquito coils is linked to that, I guess...
Masaya: Right.
Misaki: Asuka's always happy when she finds something new, but in my case, my fears of losing what I already have takes priority. I think that's one of my flaws.
Masaya: You're wrong.
Misaki: Huh? I am?
Misaki's eyes widen in surprise as she looks at me.
Masaya: Yeah, you are. The reason you've fallen behind Asuka isn't because you're too conservative or anything. It's just because you haven't been using your head during matches.
Misaki: Maybe, but... Asuka managed to smile back then.
She means when she watched the match between Shindou-san and Inui.
Misaki: Don't you think a player who can smile after seeing that can grow far stronger?
Masaya: You were angry, yeah?
Misaki: Angry, or like... uncomfortable, or... Yeah, I guess angry works.
Masaya: It'd be a problem if you hadn't felt anything. Laughing or being angry or whatever is fine. They're the same.
Misaki: They are?
Masaya: Asuka's excitement pushes her to fly, while your grit and determination push you to fly. As far as the end result is concerned, they're the same.
There are people who can grow because they're happy, and people who can grow because they're frustrated. I think they're the same.
Who can go further, though, comes down to the people in question...
I think as long as you can get yourself in gear, it doesn't matter.
If having fun is what fuels you, then maybe thinking of your smile and those of the people around you is what'll help you fly better tomorrow than you can today.
If frustration is what fuels you, then maybe thinking of your suffering and that of the people around you is what'll help you fly better tomorrow than you can today.
Masaya: Neither way is better than the other. Everyone's different.
Misaki: You really believe that?
Masaya: I've been watching you practice this entire summer. I wouldn't be here if I didn't.
Misaki: I-I'm happy that you'd say that. It makes my head feel kind of hot... I don't think I have the confidence to see things that way myself, though.
Masaya: You don't need to worry. Maybe I shouldn't be saying this, but the day you understand will come.
Misaki: And if it doesn't?
Masaya: We just have to keep going until it does.
Misaki giggles.
Misaki: Oh, <i>come on</i>, that's such bullshit.
Masaya: I'm telling you, it'll be fine. You'll understand it someday, Misaki.
If she goes through all this intense practice and still doesn't understand... then all that's left is despair.
And there's no way I'll let that happen.
Misaki: If things end in despair, then you have to pick me back up.
Masaya: I will.
The instant I say that, a dark mass begins to accumulate in the depths of my heart.
If our tactics work out, and all of Misaki's hard work is rewarded by winning the fall tournament...
Will I find myself able to fly?
The mass melts and clings to the pit of my stomach.
If Misaki falls into despair, then I'll give up on flying.
In that case, I'll do everything I can to pick her back up. That's all well and good.
But, what if...
What if Misaki's despair is the fuel that allows me to fly?
I get goosebumps.
It's all too easy to imagine.
Fuck!
No, I can't give into these thoughts. I'd feel like I was betraying both Misaki <i>and</i> myself.
My only focus right now is helping her.
Misaki: Something wrong? You look real gloomy.
Masaya: Oh, it's nothing. I swear.
Misaki: You don't need to worry. I promise I'm not gonna run away or stop practicing or anything. I might say it now and again, but I don't mean it.
Masaya: You really think I'd let you stop after we've come this far?
It's too late for any of that now.
Misaki: Sorry for always bringing that up.
Masaya: It's fine, I know you're anxious.
She's talked about these worries so many times that I have a good idea how she feels. Though she agrees with what I say, she still remains bound to those fears.
Perhaps, as an FC player, those fears can only be eased through flying.
But even if that's the case, just staying silent about them will make her heart rupture much like mine did in the past.
Masaya: I'll talk it through with you as much as you need me to, so don't ever hold back. You don't have to keep the pain locked up inside.
Misaki: Okay, I think I'll need to. Thank you.
Masaya: Don't sweat it.
Misaki: Okay.
Misaki gives me a small nod, then slams the skin of her watermelon slice onto the platter.
Misaki: Aight! We've eaten our watermelon, so now it's on to summer's main event!
Masaya: The fireworks!
Misaki: Can't have a summer without 'em!
Masaya: Though we did only buy sparklers.
Misaki stubbornly insisted that was enough.
Misaki: Normal fireworks are better off in a group. It's no fun firing off a rocket with just two people!
Masaya: You're such a tomboy at heart.
Misaki: Sparklers are perfect for a couple, don't you think?
Masaya: I guess so.
Misaki: Simple, yet refined. We can give each sparkler a name and lament how short their lives are as we watch over their fleeting sparks.
Masaya: Is this some kinda weird festival I've never heard of?
Sounds pretty bizarre to me...
Misaki pulls some sparklers out of the bag.
Misaki: ......
We carefully set them up.
Masaya: You ready?
Misaki: Sure am!
I take a lighter we found inside and use it to ignite the sparklers.
Misaki: If I can hold out 15 seconds, I'll beat Inui-san!
Masaya: Sounds doable to me.
Misaki: Ugh! Ah, ah...
Tiny sparks fly as the tip of the sparkler fizzles and turns into a ball.
That ball begins to tremble.
Misaki: Ah, ahhh, come on! I can do this!
Masaya: Ah...
The tip plops off.
Misaki: That doesn't count!
Masaya: It's so wonderful how you can change the world to suit your liking.
Misaki: This time is for real! Five seconds! If I can hold out five seconds, I'll beat Inui-san!
Masaya: That sure got a lot shorter.
Misaki: That's how much I wanna win!
The tip of the next firework turns into a beautiful sphere as sparks shoot out of it.
Misaki's face glows orange.
Masaya: Beautiful.
Misaki: ...Yeah.
I was thinking how beautiful Misaki is.
Not just outwardly, but deep down too.
Misaki: ......
If she wasn't, she never would've agreed to save me, nor would she be able to go through such rigorous training.
Misaki: Man, this is awesome. I think this could go all the way.
The sparkler begins to fizzle out until the ball reaches the paper and goes black.
Misaki: You wanna go next, Masaya?
Masaya: That was beautiful enough. I'm satisfied.
Misaki: Yeah.
Misaki looks up at me.
Misaki: ...You're so kind, Masaya.
Masaya: I'm nothing special.
Misaki: I beg to differ.
Misaki's smile is saving me... and gouging at my heart.
Masaya: ......
I can only accept her words in silence.
★: Misaki Extra 01 -- End
Misaki: But when you suddenly asked me out, then started kissing me all at once, I thought I was gonna explode.
Masaya: You're exaggerating.
Misaki: I'm not! My heart doesn't have the processing power to deal with so many inputs at once. Even running Windows 95 on this baby would be questionable.
Masaya: Those are some seriously low specs.
Misaki: Yeah! And that's why I'm glad we finished off where we did. If we'd gone any further, one of two things would've happened. My heart or head would've exploded, or I wouldn't have been able to take it and I'd have run away.
Masaya: I don't think I could have gotten my feelings across in any other way.
Misaki giggles.
Misaki: So, now we both agree that you're <i>totally</i> pathetic.
Masaya: I wouldn't say that, but I <i>did</i> say some pathetic things.
I made sure to let her know it won't be easy to be with me by asking her to save me.
She grins at me.
Misaki: Yeah, you <i>definitely</i> have a pathetic side to you, Masaya. Like, you're just fundamentally incompetent or something, y'know?
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i> I know I'm not perfect, but I take offence to the fundamental bit.
Misaki: Yeah, yeah. FC's one thing, but I'm pretty sure I'm the one who has to take the lead in our relationship.
Masaya: Please, by all means.
Misaki: Haaah, sure is rough having such an incompetent boyfriend.
She makes a show of slumping her shoulders.
Masaya: I don't think it's all bad.
Misaki: You sure? Who had to have the girl force them to ask her meowt again?
Masaya: Ugh!
Misaki: Now, we both know that I'm the one taking the lead in this relationship. That means if I tell you to die, you have to go ahead and do it. Got that?
Masaya: As if! When'd you get authority over whether I live or die?
Misaki: Huh? Isn't that what a relationship is?
Masaya: I-Is it?
Girlfriends get that much power over their boyfriends?
Misaki: Well, you better wrap your head around this or we're gonna have purroblems later on. I guess I'll start by having you lick your own shoes.
Masaya: Gotta say, you did well thinking of something that disgusting.
Still, at least licking Misaki's shoes would be kinda erotic...
Maybe not right now, but I can see things going in that direction. And when that time comes... it won't be all that strange if I really lick her shoes. No, not at all.
I can totally see myself going "may as well" at the right time.
However, licking my own shoes is just humiliating. Humiliating and degrading.
Misaki: I'm not gonna stay your girlfriend for meowch longer if you won't lick your own shoes for me, Masaya.
Masaya: If that's how it's gonna be, we may as well break up.
Misaki takes a step toward me, shakes her hair to the side, then stares at me.
Misaki: That's not happening.
Masaya: Why not?
Misaki: 'Cause it's impossible for you to break up with me, Masaya.
I find myself put on guard.
Mostly because Misaki's grinning like she's looking down on me, exuding an ominous aura from every inch of her body.
She seems like a giant, threatening me with her imposing stature.
The area behind Misaki shimmers like there's heat radiating off her.
Masaya: Wh-Why would that be impossible?
Is she this confident because she knows a weakness of mine that's <i>that</i> fatal?
Wait, do I even have a weakness like that?
Masaya: Are you saying you'll quit FC if we break up?
Misaki: Oh, I could do that, couldn't I? Great idea. I'll use that next time.
Masaya: I don't think you need to be stocking up on options...
Misaki: I know what you're thinking, Meowsaya. "There's no reason on <i>my</i> end that I couldn't break up with her".
Masaya: Normally, the threatener would know what the threatenee's weakness is before they do the threatening.
Misaki: Normally, yes, but this time I've figured out my own weakness.
Masaya: Well, I'd certainly hope you know your own weaknesses. Not sure how that's meant to be used to threaten me, though.
There's nothing particularly powerful about a person's own weaknesses.
Misaki: Hehehe...
The corners of her lips curl up into an ominous grin.
Wh-What the hell is she about to say?
Misaki: I... don't know what would happen to me if you said we were breaking up.
Masaya: Wh--
Misaki: I think you know full well the kind of person I am, don't you Masaya?
Masaya: Ah!
Misaki: I wouldn't be able to bear the sadness of losing you. You know that, so you'd be too worried to ever break up with me. And that's my perfect theory, QED! Go me!
Masaya: Don't be happy about that! Isn't that just wicked?
Misaki: Wicked, what a compliment.
Masaya: ...You sound like a villain.
I can't believe this is actually happening right now...
Misaki: Being called wicked is a <i>huge</i> boost for my mental health. Now, please repent that you chose such a terrifying girlfriend as you lick your own shoes, Masaya-kun.
Masaya: The "please" doesn't make it any more convincing...
It's not unusual for her to be spouting nonsense, but today is something else entirely.
Misaki: That's all I have to say.
Masaya: Guess your brain is as low spec as your heart. There should be tons more going on in there.
Oh wait, I think I get what's going on.
Though... things could get really messy if I'm wrong.
But if I consider what she's been saying, then...
Masaya: Misaki.
Misaki: What? Finally ready to lick your shoes?
Masaya: I couldn't do that if my life depended on it.
I think Misaki wants to cuddle.
A-At least, I'm pretty sure I'm right.
It's impressive, to say the least, that she's telling me to lick my shoes when she just wants a nice cuddle session.
She's probably trying to provoke me because she wants me to be more assertive.
If not, I have no idea what's going on.
She really can be a handful at times.
I do like that about her, though.
It would be awkward and embarrassing to just come out and say that I wanna cuddle or just go in for the kill.
Best that I get us in the right mood first...
But how do people normally break through this barrier? How do they set the mood when it's not there naturally?
I-I think I can at least start by getting a bit closer to her.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Ngh...
Masaya: Why are you groaning while backing away?
Misaki: I'm backing away 'cause you're suddenly coming closer.
Masaya: Okay, I'll approach slowly.
Misaki: I'll back away slowly.
Masaya: I'm your boyfriend, not a sex offender!
Misaki: Oh? That actually sounded pretty cool.
It did?
Masaya: Um...
Misaki: Y-Yeah?
I just need to say <i>something</i> right now. <i>Anything</i>.
That she's cute, or that I like some quirk about her... It can be whatever.
She wants to cuddle, so if I give her the chance, she won't refuse.
It's just that, if I'm wrong here, and all she really wants is for me to lick my shoes, then...
I'm gonna trust that isn't the case.
Because if it is, this relationship is in trouble.
Masaya: U-Um...
Misaki: U-Um...! Um!
Misaki overwrites my cries with her own.
Masaya: Wh-What's up?
Misaki: Uhhh...! Well! About Inui-san's tactics!
Masaya: Huh...?! Y-Yeah?
She's bringing that up <i>now</i>?
Misaki: I-I-I was hoping we could go over them again.
Misaki points around the room quickly as she says that.
Misaki: The blackboard eraser's the first buoy, the front door's second, that desk's third, and this window can be fourth.
Masaya: R-Right...
Misaki: This chair will be Inui-san.
Masaya: Sh-She's a chair now, huh?
Misaki: It's a replacement for Mr. Shitou. Inui-san's soul is inside it, so we've gotta handle it with care...
Misaki picks up a nearby chair and holds it out to me.
Masaya: Th-Thanks.
I accept the chair in shock.
There are fantasy stories about dolls and plushies that store human souls inside them, but a soul inside a chair is like something out of a surreal horror film.
Inui probably expects that we're studying her playstyle, but I doubt the thought of her soul being transported into a chair has ever crossed her mind.
Maybe I should tell her to put her off her game for the match.
Masaya: Huh? So we're doing simulation training here?
Misaki: We can't get over her tactics if we don't. MWOOOOOON. Start!
Misaki lets out a confusing cry, then starts weaving her way between the desks.
Misaki: I'm taking a shortcut. C'mon, don't just stand there, start running.
Masaya: R-Right!
I carry the chair above my head to prevent it from banging into any desks.
Masaya: Wait, was the first buoy that locker?
Misaki: No, the blackboard eraser.
Misaki is trotting around in a circular motion.
Misaki: Quickly, before my eyes start spinning around in my head!
Masaya: O-Okay.
I run over to the blackboard and lower the chair to gently tap it against the eraser.
Masaya: That's one point for me. I use the recoil from the buoy to accelerate up...
I stretch out my arms to lift Inui's soul into a high position.
Misaki: I ascend too to match you!
Misaki approaches me, then hops with an arm outstretched.
Masaya: Hey, watch it!
Misaki: I'll never win if I let a chance to engage Inui-san in a dogfight get by me!
Masaya: Wait! Wait! Wait!
I heave the chair to the ground.
Misaki: I feel sorry for Inui-san. You shouldn't treat a girl that rough.
Masaya: Wait, why do you get to be yourself when Inui has to be a chair? Can't I just pretend to be Inui?
Misaki: I'd feel bad for her if her soul was transported into you, though.
Masaya: I think it's worse being inside a chair, personally.
Misaki: Hm, it's hard to say. Would I rather my soul be in a chair, or in a gorilla?
Masaya: ...No one's ever compared me to a gorilla before.
Misaki: Of course not. You wouldn't compare a human to a human, would you?
Masaya: So you're saying I'm an actual gorilla?!
Why is she like this...
Misaki: I didn't mean to expose you to the harsh truth, the words just slipped out. Sorry.
I can feel my soul escaping me as I sigh.
Masaya: You've been acting weird ever since we got here. You weren't like this earlier.
Misaki: Oh, h-hey, wait, you're way too close.
She starts backing away from me slowly, like I'm some kinda grizzly bear.
Masaya: Seriously, why do you keep moving away from me?
Misaki: Well, um... W-Wait a second! I'm a girl so, uh... Th-That's just how it is!
...What?
Masaya: That's just how what is? I mean, obviously. Not like I ever thought anything else...
With a chest like that, how could I?
Misaki: Oh, um... I mean, um... Um...!
Masaya: Umm...?
Misaki: D-Do you really need me to explain?
Explain what? I'm <i>so</i> confused.
Masaya: I-If possible...
Misaki: We've only just started going out, right?
Masaya: Right.
Misaki: So, um... we're alone in the classroom right now. There aren't any clubs going on, so the chances of someone coming back here are, uh, pretty l-low...
Masaya: Y-Yeah.
Misaki: So, um... like, when you asked me out, I just sort of got swept up in it? I was super nervous and it felt like I was gonna die, but at the same time, like, that was sort of the only thing I could do...
Hm?
Misaki: There was this invisible force pushing me along, so even though I thought I was gonna die, I was okay. But right now, we have to do everything from the beginning. S-So I don't really have any idea what to do...
Hmm?
Misaki: Like, when you just start approaching me without knowing what I'm thinking and, um, trying to, y'know... Wh-When that happens, all I can really do is run away... So, um, it's like, about the mood?
Hmmm?
Misaki: I-I know we have to create the mood, but I dunno how to do that, so I just have to buy time and, uh, what was I talking about again? Huh? Um... So...
Masaya: I think it was something about a new line of candy?
Misaki: Oh, right. It's so sad how you don't get many new chocolate products during summer. I get that it's 'cause all that yummy chocolate would melt away under the heat, but I wouldn't say it's a winter food eith--
Masaya: Don't actually play along! Seriously, what did you think I was gonna do?
Misaki: Huh? Oh, um, well... K-K-Kiss me?
Masaya: Kiss you?!
Misaki: D-Don't act shocked on purpose to make me look like a perv, you coward!
Masaya: I really didn't think that far ahead!
Misaki: Y-You didn't? How far had you thought, then?
Masaya: Just cuddling? I figured doing a little bit of that would be nice, I guess. I hadn't considered kissing.
Misaki: Liar!
Masaya: I'm not lying!
Misaki: Gimme a moment.
Misaki places a hand on her chest, then takes some deep breaths.
Misaki: Hooooooh, haaaaaaaaah... Cuddling, huh? Sure thing. Let's work toward that.
Masaya: No, toward kissing.
Misaki: Why're you making things harder?
Masaya: You brought it up, so now I wanna kiss you. Here goes nothing!
Misaki: Stop! Being forceful is fine, but being forceful is no good.
Masaya: I think you've forgotten how language works.
Like, what?
Misaki: Sure, it's nice to just get a sudden kiss sometimes, but you can't always force it on me. Now is one of those times where you can't. It's best for both of us that we learn how to set the mood.
Masaya: Hm...
Misaki: This is kinda hard, isn't it? I wanna kiss you too, but I can't even imagine how to get it right.
How does ordering me to lick my shoes help with that?
Masaya: R-Right. How does it go in the manga you read? There must be a bunch of kissing in those.
Misaki hangs her head.
Misaki: Kisses are inevitable in stories. We kissed after you asked me out, so that was inevitable too, but kissing just because we want to is more like uninevitable, so...
Masaya: An "uninevitable kiss" is one hell of an expression.
Misaki: How do other people share uninevitable kisses?
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
The air weighs down on us so heavily that it feels like it would be a struggle to move a fingertip.
Masaya: Do you think everyone starts worrying about these things when they're dating?
Misaki: I dunno. I just wanna kiss you... Ugh, why is this so hard?! Maybe everyone lives their lives only sharing inevitable kisses, and only pervs like us wanna kiss at other times?
Masaya: There's nothing pervy about wanting to kiss the person you love.
Misaki: But we're struggling 'cause we want to... There's <i>definitely</i> something wrong with us on a mental level.
Masaya: You just said the most ridiculous thing and managed to sound hurt while saying it...
Misaki: I mean, just being alone together has us wanting to kiss each other. Doesn't it make sense when you think about it that way? Ugh, what do we do? I never knew I could be like this.
Masaya: Well, um...
Misaki: We've only just started dating, but we've turned into a couple of skeevy perverts.
Masaya: You're the one branding us. Quit driving yourself into a corner!
Misaki: But what the hell are we supposed to do?
I take a step closer to Misaki and grab hold of her shoulders.
I can feel how tense she is. She'd probably shatter like pottery if I hit her.
Misaki: I-I think this counts as being forceful.
Masaya: I'm not being forceful. I haven't kissed you yet.
Misaki: Huh?
Masaya: Well... this is kinda embarrassing, but here goes. Just holding your shoulders has my heart racing.
Misaki: Your palms are making my heart race, too. Ugh... I had no idea my shoulders were so sensitive. I can even feel your hands trembling slightly.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
Tension continues to build up inside us.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Haaah... Haaah...
Misaki's strange breathing must be a sign.
I lean in toward her.
Misaki: ......
She shuts her eyes and tilts her head up toward me.
Masaya: Mm...
Misaki: Haaah... Mmmph!
Our lips squish together. I can feel how soft hers are. Lips really are sensitive.
Misaki: Mmm, ah... Mmm, haaah, haaah...
Misaki pulls away slightly and whispers.
Misaki: I don't think this counts as an uninevitable kiss.
Masaya: Why not?
Misaki: 'Cause... it feels good. I can feel you conveying your feelings to me. I'm happy that you're doing it, 'cause... well, um... I was a little anxious.
Masaya: About what?
Misaki: I was really forceful when you asked me out, so I was wondering if maybe you'd been forced into going out with me... I-I didn't really think that, but I was a little anxious.
Masaya: Of course I wasn't forced into going out with you.
Misaki: I said it was only a little, geez.
Masaya: Still better to get rid of that anxiety. I'm going to say this seriously now, so don't turn it into some joke.
Misaki: Okay, I won't... W-Will you help me get rid of it?
Masaya: I love you, Misaki.
Misaki: O-Okay.
I was already tense, but now every time I open my mouth a different kind of tension is building up.
Masaya: The only one I'll ever want to kiss is you.
The embarrassment from actually admitting how much I love Misaki is turning into excess tension.
Misaki: Y-Yeah.
Masaya: I'll tell you whenever I want to kiss you, so you do the same.
Misaki: O-Okay... I-I want to kiss. I want to kiss you right now.
Masaya: ......
My lips press against hers once again.
Misaki: Mmmph... Mmm, mmmpch, mmmph...
Misaki's ragged, nasal breaths blows against me as we kiss.
Misaki: Mmm, mmm... Mmmph... Mmm!
Masaya: ......
I wait for her breathing to calm before gently sucking on her lips.
There's an adorable little sound as I do.
Misaki: ......
I can tell that Misaki's smiling. It's evident even through her shoulders as I hold them.
I'm too close to see her face, but touching her shoulders and lips is enough.
This is what it feels like to hold the person you love.
I can feel her presence far more clearly than the last time we kissed.
Misaki: Mmm... Mmmpch...
This time, Misaki rubs against my lips, which makes another adorable sound.
Misaki: Mmm... Mmmph, mmm...
Seemingly pleased by that noise, Misaki continues to suck on my lips.
The joy she's feeling comes bounding into me.
We're only kissing, but it feels like we're skipping hand in hand.
Masaya: Mmm, mmm...
Misaki: Mmmph, mnnn, mmm... Mmm!
Our movements grow grander as we become entranced in kissing.
Misaki: Mmmph, mmm!
Our mouths are speeding up, too.
I hold her shoulders tightly.
Misaki: Mmm!
Misaki shuffles slightly closer to me.
We part our lips and touch our foreheads.
Misaki: Ah, haaah... Haaah, haaah, haaah, Masaya...
Masaya: Misaki...
We know our desires for each other won't stop.
We know that we feel the exact same way. Hell, it's painfully obvious.
This is what it means to kiss.
Masaya: Mmm...
Misaki: Ah...
The soft feel of her lips sends a throbbing sensation coursing through me.
Misaki: Mmm, mmm...
We move as if eating away at each others lips...
Misaki: Ah...
Our tongues poke out at the same time and twine together.
Misaki: Mm, haaah, haaah, haah...
Faint wet squelches fill the air.
I never realized kissing could sound so weird.
A moment ago, we were desperately trying to come up with a way to set the mood and now look at us.
Misaki: Mmm... Use more tongue.
Masaya: ...Like this? Mm, ah...
Misaki: Ah... Y-Yeah.
Misaki presses her whole face against me, trying to get her tongue further into my mouth.
Misaki: M-Masaya... Mmmph, mmm...
We're kissing as if our lives depend on it.
I'm no longer fully sure whose lips or whose tongue belongs to who.
I can feel my mind slowly eroding away.
Misaki and I continue to kiss for a while longer.
I raise a hand up to my lips.
Masaya: Do your lips feel like, disembodied?
Misaki: More like, kinda swollen? It's weird.
Masaya: Oh, I get what you mean.
My whole mouth area feels kinda fuzzy.
It's like how your brain feels hazy when you come down with a fever, only concentrated around my lips.
Guess this is what happens when you play too much tonsil tennis.
Misaki: We must've kissed too much. My lips don't look swollen or anything, do they?
Masaya: Not as far as I can see... I wonder if kissing always makes you feel like this?
Misaki looks down to the side in regret.
Misaki: We really are a couple of perverts. We're kissing fiends, I know it.
Masaya: Quit making up terms. I'm pretty sure everyone goes through this. They just don't talk about it.
...Probably.
Misaki: We should avoid kissing for a while or mine are gonna break. They're ready to drop off at any moment.
Masaya: No one's lips have ever fallen off, relax. But we can save this for special occasions... Light kisses we can do all the time.
Misaki: A-All the time? Masaya, you perv!
Masaya: I have no intention of denying that... Hm?
Misaki suddenly grabs my hand.
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: I can be pretty annoying, huh?
Masaya: Sometimes.
Misaki: Would've been nice if you denied it...
Masaya: There's no point lying. I love that about you.
If she wasn't annoying at times, she wouldn't be Misaki.
Misaki: Th-Thank you... But, I'm sorry. I'm probably gonna cause even more problems for you in the future.
Her bashful smile is almost blindingly radiant.
Misaki: As long as you're in love with me, I'll be so happy, or like, happy, or rather... Ugggh, I can't find the right words. Anyway, I love you Masaya. Let's go with that.
Masaya: I love you too, Misaki. Let's go with that.
Misaki: Yeah, let's go with that...
Masaya: This is just the start.
Misaki: Yeah, it is.
Misaki beams at me and bows her head.
Misaki: Hahahahaha!
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: Like, my heart was pounding super fast the whole time we were kissing, but it calmed down while we were talking.
Misaki purses her lips for a moment.
Misaki: But then admitting that I love you made it start racing again. Man, just thinking about how much I love you is... Well, y'know?
Masaya: Not really, no.
Misaki: Ah... Am I gonna feel like this every time I admit I love you?
Masaya: Maybe... Let's kiss again.
Misaki: Huwuh? We just kissed until my lips were about to fall off!
Masaya: Yeah, but seeing you right now is making me want to do it all over again. Come on, I'll make it quick. Promise!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah. Whatever you say.
I lay a gentle peck on Misaki's slightly pouty lips.
Misaki: ...You'll love me forever, right?
Masaya: That's the plan.
Misaki leans forward, leaning her head into my chest.
I wrap my arms around her back.
It feels like we're melting into each other's warmth.
★: Misaki Extra 02 -- End
Masaya: H-Hey! H-Hold on now!
Misaki: I will not hold on! My head's all like, "whirrrrrr" right now. I can't calm myself down in any other way!
How the hell do you end up being unable to calm down without stripping?!
Masaya: I said hold it!
Misaki: And I said I will not!
Masaya: Hold it!
Misaki: I will not!
Misaki's eyes remain perfectly level as she yells at me.
She maintains this imposing stance as she reaches out for her practice gear.
Misaki: I cannot hold it!
...You can't, huh?
Well, guess I'm all out of options.
Misaki: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
Having changed back into her normal clothes, Misaki breathes a long sigh as she plops down beside me.
Masaya: Feeling better now?
Misaki: Yeah. Way, <i>way</i> better. Man...
Misaki giggles apologetically.
Misaki: Sorry for all the trouble I cause you.
Masaya: I've never considered any of this trouble, so there's no need to apologize.
Misaki: Sorry for all the trouble I cause you.
Masaya: Why do <i>you</i> sound irritated?
Misaki: What a shame. I was trying to sound cute, not irritated.
Misaki blinks in amazement like she's just noticed something, then turns to look up at me awkwardly.
Misaki: Ugggh, you think I'm still hyped up?
Masaya: Definitely.
She may have said she's calmed down, but she's clearly still excited from earlier.
That said, she did calm down a fair bit after stripping.
Masaya: Though I guess I'd find it odd if you weren't all hyped up. I'd be worried why you were acting calm, if anything.
Misaki: So you're saying I can just stay like this, huh?
Masaya: For today, yeah. Would be a problem if it lasted like the whole week, though.
Inverted flight...
She finally managed something she's been struggling with this whole time.
It's only natural she's still excited. The emotions of such an achievement are hard to keep in check.
Who knows how I would have reacted if I'd been the one in her shoes.
Masaya: You worked harder today than ever before.
Misaki: Yeah, I did work hard, didn't I? Haaaaaaaaah, I sure did! Nghhhhhhhhhhhh!
Misaki starts clapping the back of the chair.
Misaki: I finally did it. I mastered inverted flight.
Masaya: And I saw it all. You flew perfectly. That should help us come up with a whole bunch of new tactics.
Misaki: Sweet!
Misaki's butt starts bouncing up and down off the chair as if she's got ants in her pants.
Misaki: Wh-What do I do?
Masaya: About what?
Misaki: Maybe we should go test it again? I think I remember how to fly inverted, but maybe I'm wrong...
She suddenly starts panicking.
Misaki: M-Maybe I didn't get it at all? What do I do, what do I do, what do I do? Th-This is <i>really</i> bad!
Masaya: Do you remember how many times you pulled it off up there? Don't worry, you've got the hang of it. I guarantee it, Misaki.
Misaki: B-But... I'm nervous. Once more! Just once more!
Masaya: No. As your coach, I really can't let you, and I'm sure you don't need to ask why. Besides, if I let you go up there, there's no way you'll come down after one attempt.
I <i>know</i> she'd keep saying, "just one more!" over and over again.
Misaki: It's weird how I feel like I can fly again when I was so tired a moment ago. Maybe all this practice has finally improved my stamina. Man, I could go for infinite practice sessions right about now. Bring 'em on!
Wow, just listen to her.
She's got the confidence of someone high on class A drugs.
Masaya: You have built up your stamina, but you're only feeling this way because of the endorphin rush. Your body is exhausted. If you practice any more, you'll just injure yourself.
Misaki: Really? It doesn't feel like that...
Masaya: Trust me. Your mind and body are imbalanced right now. You try and fly right now and your body won't keep up.
Misaki: You think?
Masaya: I know. Your excitement might carry you for as long as you stay up, but if you do anything else, you won't even be able to move tomorrow morning.
Misaki: P-Purrsonally, that sounds horrifying.
Masaya: It'd be suicidal to practice more. In fact, it might even just be suicide itself.
Misaki: But, y'know, I think if I got some more practice in now, I'd have an even better grip on inverted flight. I feel like I'd forget it all in the middle of a match right now if I was in one.
I can't let her continue down this train of thought.
Masaya: Misaki.
Misaki: Y-Yes?
Masaya: Your body is what matters in a match. That's what you use to compete, not your mind. You need to trust me here.
Misaki: I don't use my mind? Hm? Doesn't sound very convincing after all you've said about training my head.
Masaya: We're talking on the lowest level. If you're exhausted or injured, you won't be able to move how you want to and you won't be any good in a match. Hell, you might not even be able to compete in a match.
Misaki: I guess you have a point...
Masaya: Besides, even at full strength, if you went into a match as hyped up as you are now, you'd stand no chance.
Misaki: Wh-What do you mean? It doesn't feel like I'd lose if I was feeling like this <i>and</i> in top form...
Masaya: A person's vision narrows when they're excited.
Misaki: You mean that they like, can't think rationally?
Masaya: No, it's more fundamental than that.
Misaki: ...Well, I fundamentally don't get it.
Masaya: You know when you're in a dogfight and your opponent seems to vanish, or how they can be right in front of you but you won't see them stretching out an arm or a leg?
Misaki: Yeah, that happens occasionally.
Masaya: There are tons of reasons why that happens. Say your opponent enters your blind spot or you fall for a feint.
Misaki: Right.
Masaya: Your field of view is narrow enough without being excited. You know how, even though you're looking straight at me, you can see that desk behind me?
Misaki: Yeah.
Masaya: If you were more excited, you wouldn't be able to see it. Worst case, you'd see nothing but my face. And if an opponent attacked you while your view was that narrow... Well, I don't think I need to explain what would happen.
Misaki suddenly nods vigorously.
Misaki: A-Ah! That's it! Sometimes, when I think about how I love you so so so much, I can only see your face. It's the same thing, huh?
Masaya: Maybe, but you didn't need to phrase it like that to embarrass me, did you? Basically, when you're excited, it gets harder to see your opponent's attacks.
Misaki: Gotcha.
Masaya: It also keeps you from making calm judgements, like you said. You can't go into a match in that condition.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: What'll you do if I let you practice more and then you end up hurting yourself and can't participate in the fall tournament? I already gave you special permission to do extra training today.
I really shouldn't have let her do so much hard training on top of what she's already been doing. Things worked out in our favor this time, but there's no telling in the future.
Ideally, I should've coached her into learning how to fly inverted without the need for these extremes.
Misaki: I'm sorry.
Masaya: I get that you're anxious, and that the only way to get rid of that anxiety is to practice. But to do so for that reason alone would just be practicing for practice's sake.
Misaki: Practicing for practice's sake...
Masaya: It might help get rid of your anxieties in the short run, but you wouldn't be facing up to them like you need to. For that, you need to practice to become stronger.
Misaki breathes a feeble sigh.
Misaki: I understand. I'll listen to you, Masaya, you don't need to worry... Ah!
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki giggles mischievously.
Misaki: If I practice so much I get injured, I won't have to enter the tournament, huh?
Masaya: Hey now! That's a bad thought! Cut it out!
At least the whole thing about UFOs and meteorites would never happen...
Misaki: Sheesh, I'm just kidding. It's a very appealing prospect, and I do spend many a night considering it, but I have the courage to just leave it as a joke.
Courage, huh?
I guess it is a form of courage.
If she just doesn't enter the tournament, she can escape her worries about winning and losing.
Taking time to participate anyway when you don't want to lose takes courage.
Misaki: Y'know how, in a tournament, half the competitors get knocked out in the first round? Don't you think that's kinda mean? Like, cruel even.
Masaya: Yeah, I do.
To make matters worse, there's only one person who can make it through the entire tournament without losing. Thinking about it that way, it does take courage to go out there declaring you're aiming for first place.
Misaki: Haaaaaah... <i>Whyyy</i> is a kitty cat like me playing FC in the first place?
How many times have I had this conversation with Misaki now?
I don't think it matters if she's bringing it up as a joke or if it comes up in serious conversation. It's a doubt that's constantly plaguing her mind.
Masaya: Because you don't wanna lose.
Misaki: Yeah, but I feel like that's not all there is to it. There's gotta be something else...
Masaya: Maybe you're playing FC to find out the answer?
Misaki: Ugh... That makes sense, but at the same time it's so purretentious.
Masaya: Either way, it's a problem for you, not me, Misaki.
Misaki's face is all serious for a moment, but then she starts smiling bashfully.
Misaki: Meowbe so.
Masaya: I plan on doing all I can to make what I just said a reality, and not just pretentious bullshit.
Perhaps, at the end of the day, it is just pretentious bullshit we're spouting to ourselves. But sometimes you've just gotta do whatever you can to push yourself forward.
Misaki: Th-Thank you.
Masaya: No, thank you.
...Hm?
As I was bowing, I caught a silver hue in the corner of my eye.
I casually glance in that direction.
Misaki: What're you looking out the window for?
Masaya: It's a full moon tonight, huh?
The full moon hangs high up, a single eye in the sky.
Misaki: Oh, yeah, it is. I could see it so well while flying inverted. Normally, you never get to see the moon from that angle, not when flying normally.
Masaya: Makes sense.
You're facing in opposite directions, after all.
Misaki: It felt so new and exciting whenever I went into a Low Yo-Yo while looking at the moon, but also kinda eerie... It was a little scary, even. Kinda felt like I was gonna fall forever and ever.
Masaya: I see.
Sounds like some kind of nightmare.
Misaki: The size of the moon doesn't change. It's the same whether I do a High Yo-Yo or Low Yo-Yo. I can fly and fly, but the moon never changes. There are moments when I lose track of what position I'm flying in 'cause of that.
Masaya: That's a unique feeling. You might be the only one who's gone out there whizzing around the night sky upside down. No one else knows what that's like.
Misaki: I guess. Maybe I was flying so well 'cause my senses were driven mad.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Misaki: Like, maybe it sharpened senses I didn't know I had before, or stopped me from focusing on which way was up and which way was down.
Masaya: The only landmark you had was the moon... It's an interesting theory.
Misaki: I think I would've crashed into the sea a bunch of times without you directing me.
Masaya: I'm glad you didn't.
I don't even want to imagine how bad it would've been if she'd ended up in the sea in the dark.
...I'll never let her do something like this again.
Misaki: ......
Misaki shuffles closer in silence.
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: Oh, y'know. When all the excitement left me and I was left looking up at the night sky, I got scared and anxious. Kinda felt like I was about to be swallowed up by the darkness.
Masaya: Should I put my arm around you at times like this?
Misaki pouts and glares at me.
Misaki: ...Shouldn't you <i>not</i> ask permission at a time like this?
Masaya: Good point.
I put an arm around Misaki's shoulder and pull her toward me.
She nods in satisfaction.
Misaki: There we go.
Masaya: Thank you.
Misaki: Next time I look like I want a hug, just do it. Don't worry about where we are.
Masaya: That last bit is a bit much to ask.
I couldn't do it at school or in the middle of town.
Misaki: Coward.
Masaya: Just trying not to make a scene in public.
We end up looking at the moon through the window as we embrace.
Misaki: Haaah, being afraid of the moon is so childish. I'm real embarrassed.
Masaya: No, it's good that you're scared. I'm glad you haven't lost that fear.
Misaki: Why's that?
Masaya: If you never got scared in a match, you'd just keep trying to pull off reckless stunts one after the other.
Misaki: But what if I'm too scared to do anything at all?
Masaya: That's going too far in the other direction. You have to be the right level of timid. Is that a feint? Are they trying to draw me in? You'll never be strong unless you can think like that.
Misaki: We're back to talking about FC again, are we?
Masaya: We are. Fear is a powerful emotion. If you can use that to better yourself, then you'll come out even stronger.
Misaki: A powerful emotion, huh? I'm scared of what'll happen if I lose, too.
Masaya: I know.
Misaki: You think I'm too "all or nothing" when it comes to matches?
Masaya: A little. Still, your specialty is close range dogfights. It's probably for the best you wipe away that fear.
Fear could dull her momentary judgements, so she may be better off running on instinct.
However...
Masaya: I think Inui gets afraid.
Misaki: Inui-san does? When she dominates everyone so badly?
Masaya: If she didn't, she'd never have thought up those tactics, and she wouldn't be able to pull them off either. If you see a chance to get a point, you'll go for it, but I imagine Inui would still prioritize her height advantage.
Misaki: She gets scared, huh...?
Masaya: Well, it's just a hypothesis.
She could also be pushing her desires to go in for an all out fight to the back of her mind.
Misaki: What about Asuka?
Masaya: Hm, Asuka, huh?
She doesn't seem that afraid in general, but I know she was at least frightened during the second half of her match with Shindou-san.
Masaya: I think she's the kind of person who finds being scared fun. Everyone who gets scared wants to take a step forward and see what lies on ahead, at least to a certain extent.
Misaki: I see. I'm the reverse, though. I wanna run away from my fears.
Masaya: Says the girl who didn't run and instead mastered the art of inverted flight.
Misaki: Oh, yeah... I did do a pretty good job, huh? Hahah, right, yeah... It's a bit weird thinking about myself in that way.
Masaya: You did a <i>really</i> good job.
Misaki: Th-Thank you.
Misaki shyly casts her eyes to the floor.
Misaki: Y'know...
Masaya: Hm?
Misaki: I was thinking it'd be nice if you squeezed me a bit tighter.
I do so, holding her tight in my arm, but not to the point of hurting her.
Masaya: Okay. This good?
Misaki: Sure is.
Masaya: So, what's bothering you?
Misaki: Y'know, the moon...
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: I was just thinking about how beautiful it is.
Masaya: Right... So?
Misaki: Nah, that's all... Just figured it might be kinda romantic, looking up at the moon while my boyfriend holds me close.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
Misaki begins to tremble.
Oh... She's about to say something she finds embarrassing...
Misaki: Wh-What's more beautiful, me or the moon?
Masaya: Ah...
Can't say I expected that.
I bet she's trying to set the mood for us to make out, but that went <i>way</i> too far.
Can't complain, though, since it probably took a lot out of her to work up the courage to say that.
Misaki: ......
I'm pretty sure I can feel Misaki heating up.
I've gotta say something!
Masaya: So--
Misaki: Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! If you dare say anything that pisses me off, I'll bite your earlobe or your nose or your tongue or whatever's easiest and tear it off! I mean it!
Masaya: Don't mean it!
What did I do to deserve such a terrifying girlfriend?
Masaya: Relax, I'm not gonna piss you off. So like, do you know the word "lunatic"?
Misaki: Nope. Sounds like it's got something to do with the moon? Oh, do you use it like, "Masaya's head is so smooth and sparkly, it's totes lunatic"?
Masaya: I'm not bald, and my head doesn't sparkle! I've got a full head of hair up there!
Misaki: I'm thinking about our future.
Masaya: I <i>definitely</i> won't go bald, okay?!
There's no way that'll happen... right?
Misaki: So, what was this about your hair-lossatic?
Masaya: Don't make up words! It's <i>lunatic</i>, got it?
Misaki's talking nonsense again to help regain her footing from her previous embarrassment.
She probably wants to put all this behind her as fast as possible.
Masaya: In the old days, people used to think that spending too much time in the moonlight would make you lose your mind. You were saying earlier how staring at the moon for so long drove your senses mad.
Misaki: Right... The people in the old days went through the same sensations as me.
Masaya: You see the moon a lot in art, so I'm guessing it's a feeling that hasn't changed much over the years. Anyway, lunatic basically means that you're mad or you've lost your mind.
Misaki: Spending too much time in the moonlight can make you lose your mind, huh? That does seem frighteningly possible.
Masaya: Fortunately, I haven't spent enough time under the moon to be a lunatic, but...
Misaki: But?
Masaya: I think I'm a Misakitic.
Misaki: M-Misakitic?!
Masaya: You're just so cute that I'm losing my mind, so... I-I'm a Misakitic.
Misaki: Ah...
Misaki clamps her lips shut, her head trembling.
Masaya: I'm a Misakitic.
I double down.
Misaki: Pfft!
A stifled laugh escapes her lips.
Misaki: Pfft, hehe... Sh-Should I be laughing, or should I be happy?
Masaya: Either's fine by me.
I keep a completely straight face and whisper...
Masaya: Misakitic.
Misaki: Pfft, hehe, hehe, haha, hahahahahahahahaha! Wh-What the hell?! This is just unfair, Masaya. Haha, pfft, hehehe!
Masaya: That's just how madly I'm in love with you, Misaki.
Misaki: Hahahahahahahahaha! Then that makes me a Masayatic.
Masaya: Misakitic.
Misaki: Masayatic... P-Pfffffft, haha, hahahahaha!
She roars with laughter.
Her body bumps against mine with every giggle.
Misaki: I know I've been unreasonable, but thank you. I've only made it this far 'cause you're here by my side.
Masaya: I'm in the same boat here. I'm only here because you are.
Misaki: Well, I'm glad you're here anyway. Thank you for being a, pfft, hehe... M-Misakitic.
She says playfully, then presses her cheek up against me like a pampered kitten.
Misaki: Let's make out. Just don't kiss me until my lips swell up this time.
Masaya: I'll do my best...
Misaki: Mmm!
Misaki shuts her eyes and tapers her lips, so I gently press my own against hers.
Misaki: Ah!
I also start vigorously stroking Misaki's hair.
Masaya: You're so cute.
Misaki: Mrrr!
She starts bumping her forehead against my chest.
Misaki: Ugh, jeeez! You're so damn cool, Masaya! Sheesh!
Masaya: C'mon now, look this way.
Misaki: Okay.
I press my lips against hers once more.
Masaya: Mmm...
Misaki: Mmmph, mmm! Mmmnnn...
I convey my feelings through these kisses.
Misaki: Ah, haaah... Mmm, mmmph... Haaah, haaah, haaah... Mmmph! Kisses that feel this good don't count as <i>just</i> making out.
Masaya: Sorry.
Misaki: Masaya, you perv!
Masaya: I'm not the only one around here.
Misaki: ...I-I can't deny that, I guess.
I start stroking her hair again.
Masaya: Congrats on mastering inverted flight.
Misaki: Thanks! It's all 'cause of you, Masaya.
Masaya: It came down to your hard work, though.
Misaki: Guess that's true.
Masaya: It is.
We hug each other tight.
I love her so much.
Just being together with her like this is so much fun. I wish this moment could last forever.
But inside, I smile wryly.
The world isn't that kind.
Misaki: I'm gonna do my best at the fall tournament!
Masaya: And I'm gonna help you. Let's give them hell together!
Misaki: Yeah. Together... forever and ever.
We squeeze down on each other again.
"Let's give them hell together!"
"Together"...
"Together"...
My heart starts to pulsate. I begin to feel sick.
That means not just Misaki... but me too, and not just in the meaning of supporting her.
I can feel her within my arms.
If I made my own comeback, then I'd have the right to hold her in my arms.
But...
Even though she's working so hard, I just... don't think I have it in me, even now.
I can see all her hard work right in front of me, and yet I...
Misaki: Masaya?
Masaya: Huh? Wh-What's up?
Misaki: It doesn't hurt, so you can hug me tighter.
Masaya: O-Okay...
Misaki: Haaah, I can only say this 'cause I'm still excited from earlier, but I'm not gonna break if I have to drag you behind me for a bit. I might be frail, but you can rely on me that much, at least.
I smile wryly.
Masaya: Sorry.
Guess she noticed my strange mood.
Must be easy for that to happen when you're holding someone close.
Sometimes I do feel a sense of anxiety when I look at her.
When you take a moment to think about it, Misaki can be a bit of a troublesome girlfriend. But you don't even need to think to know that I'm a troublesome boyfriend.
Misaki: It's okay. I promise I'm not gonna run away.
Masaya: Thank you. I won't either.
I try and brush aside the fear that's welling up inside me.
Masaya: I promise I'll never run.
We hug each other tighter, the silver moon glistening in a corner of my eye.
It's fine. <i>I'm fine</i>, really.
I'm going to support Misaki from the very bottom of my heart. I know I'm capable of at least that much.
I repeat that thought over and over in my mind.
Misaki: Ah...
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki twists around to look out the window.
Misaki: Doesn't it look like the moon's caught in the window frame when you look at it from this angle?
Masaya: Huh?
Misaki: The moon's been caught inside a small frame. That's the tactic we're trying to master, yeah?
Masaya: ...Yeah.
Misaki: Hehehe, I said something pretty clever, huh?
The moon's been caught inside a small frame.
Misaki: I feel like I could just reach out and touch it. Hell, I can.
Misaki stretches out a hand and presses a fingertip against where the moon is displayed through the class.
Misaki: See, I did it... Right?
Masaya: If you can catch the moon, then you should be able to trap any opponent within your frame.
Misaki: I might just be saying this 'cause I'm super high off the endorphin rush right now, but...
Misaki's eyes are filled with determination. I'm pretty sure this isn't just because of her mood...
This must be how she truly feels.
Misaki: I'm gonna prove that no opponent can escape me.
Masaya: Yeah.
I listen to her with admiration.
Misaki: I don't care what you have to do to me to get me there. I can take it.
Masaya: I know.
I stroke her head.
Misaki's the cool one really, not me.
Masaya: I'll do everything I can to get you there.
Misaki: I'm counting on you.
Misaki gives a casual nod.
Misaki: I'm gonna keep going until I get there. Um, wait, no...
Misaki smiles with her whole face.
Misaki: I <i>want</i> to keep going until I get there. Saying I'm going to makes it sound inevitable, and obviously I can't promise I definitely will...
Masaya: If you want to get there... then I'm sure you will, Misaki.
Misaki: I dunno where exactly that place is, I just feel like I can get there.
Masaya: That's what becoming stronger is all about.
I think Misaki is feeling a mix of baseless self-confidence, and self-confidence grounded in the results of her practice.
That baseless self-confidence is what makes her aim far off into the distance. The grounded self-confidence is what gives her the strength to get there.
Masaya: I know you'll get stronger, Misaki.
Misaki: Yeah, I <i>definitely</i> will!
Misaki gives me a diligent nod, then leans toward me pleadingly.
Misaki: It'd be purrfect if I was stronger already.
She anxiously presses her head into my shoulder.
Misaki: Confidence, anxiety, and all sorts of other emotions... are just swirling around inside of me.
Masaya: I'll share those emotions with you.
Misaki: Yeah. Yeah... Yeah... Yeah...
Misaki gives several, repeated nods, then once again presses her finger to the moon.
Misaki: I'll do this. I... will do this.
She repeats those words as if she's casting a spell.
★: Misaki Extra 03 -- End
Masaya: That's not something I can express in words.
Misaki exaggerates a shiver.
Misaki: Y-You're terrifying!
Masaya: I can't express it in words, but I think I can still use my mouth to get it across.
Misaki: That was the worst joke you could've made right now! I quit! This ain't happening! Sub in for me, Mr. Shitou.
Masaya: Not on my watch!
Misaki reaches out and grabs hold of Shitou-kun.
Misaki: Take this!
Shitou-kun squishes against my face.
Shitou: Yarr, I've been missin' you, Masaya. Misaki was kind enough to tag out for me.
Masaya: I see Mr. Shitou's dialect is still as unstable as always.
I never know what'll come out of his mouth next.
Shitou: Aww, all I wanted to do was... g-go into you, Masaya. Then I could feel your insides, y'know?
Masaya: This isn't a horror flick!
I know how this goes! Some creature gets inside of you, then you die. Worst case scenario, it takes over your body and you become something like a zombie. Then I'll be doomed to assist in the birthing of more Mr. Shitous until my body finally rots away.
I'd be groaning as I wander around in search of fresh stuffing for the plushie gods.
Masaya: Please get Mr. Shitou away from my face. I'm begging you.
Misaki: I always figured you weren't showing Mr. Shitou enough love for everything he's done to help us train. You need to express your gratitude!
Masaya: Says the girl who throws him around the room and tries to make him break the speed of light.
Misaki: Th-That was... love. That's what happens when my love runs deep. You need to watch out for when I start throwing you around the room too, Masaya. That's how I express my love.
Masaya: So I'm gonna be the first person to go faster than the speed of light, huh? And then I'll finally know how much you love me.
We've gone straight from horror to sci-fi.
Masaya: Quit trying to hide Mr. Shitou while you distract me.
I snatch Misaki's Mr. Shitou and stand up.
Misaki: Wh-What are you confiscating him for?
Masaya: I'm gently putting him down on the desk.
I put him down normally, facing into the room, but then reconsider.
Not wanting to feel like he's watching me the whole time, I turn him to face the wall.
Ugh...
Wh-Why do I feel like someone's giving me a death glare?
Where is it coming from?!
Oh... There are a bunch of Mr. Shitous in this room, huh?
Masaya: ......
I quickly gather them all up and sit them on the desk, facing the wall.
Misaki: You're that bothered by the Mr. Shitous looking at you?
Masaya: I am now, yeah.
Misaki: Now that they're all gathered together, they can talk to each other at night.
Masaya: That's a terrifying thought.
Never imagined they'd evolve so quickly...
Masaya: So, what do they talk about?
Misaki: ...Conquering Shitou.
Masaya: For real? Shit, this island's doomed.
We have no hope of winning. It won't be long before the whole world is covered by a shroud of Mr. Shitous.
Masaya: That's one other reason for not wanting them looking at me, but the main one is that I don't want anyone else seeing you naked.
Misaki: Oh my, you're jealous of some stuffed toys, Masaya?
Masaya: Just think of it as how deep my love runs.
I sit back down on the bed and reach out to Misaki.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: Um...
Misaki: Hehehe...
Misaki pokes at her own lips.
Misaki: I think my switch'll be flipped even if you kiss me without setting the mood first, so go ahead.
Masaya: Sure thing.
Misaki: Bring it. Go ahead and flip my switch.
Misaki shuts her eyes.
Misaki, who's lying down beside me, pushes her head into the pillow.
Misaki: Ahhh, for fuck's sake, I love Masaya so much!
Masaya: Hey, don't start swearing for no reason!
Misaki: Hey, so...
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: Might be weird to ask this now, but... do you think I'll reach the point I need to get to at the tournament? Where I can move ahead without having to avert my eyes from these jumbled feelings.
Masaya: You might get there, you might not.
Misaki: Then will you get there if I win?
Masaya: ...I don't know that, either.
Misaki pouts in displeasure.
Misaki: You could've just said yes to encourage me.
Masaya: Well, I mean... lying doesn't help anyone, no matter the reason. I don't want to ever lie to you.
Misaki: True...
Masaya: You'll definitely get there one day, though. That's why we're walking this path.
Misaki: Eat this!
Misaki pushes herself up like she's doing a push up and lunges at me.
Misaki: Mmmph...
Then, she kisses me.
Masaya: Wh-What are you-- Mmm?!
She kisses me again, even more passionately than before.
Misaki: Mmmmmm, mmmnnn... Mmmph, mmm!
This alone has my heart racing.
Misaki: Mmm, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Misaki's sweet, heated breath brushes along my cheek as she parts from me.
Misaki: Figured I should act more lovey-dovey now, since we won't get another chance to make out until after the tournament. Is that weird?
Masaya: No.
I wrap a hand around the back of her head.
Misaki: ......
She suddenly grows stiff.
Masaya: Something wrong?
Misaki: Hahahahaha, just wondering what you're about to do to me.
Masaya: Make out, duh! What, were you hoping for something else?
Misaki: I wouldn't mind a little something else...
Masaya: Well, as long as it's nothing too extreme...
Misaki: O-Okay...
I watch Misaki nod, then lean in and kiss her.
Once we're done here, it's time for the fall tournament. There may be a few days left, but that's nothing in the grand scheme of things.
Part of my mind is still focused on a question. What'll happen at the tournament?
If Misaki manages to pull out a win...
If... If she does...
Will I be able to share in her joy?
Misaki: What's wrong?
Masaya: Nothing.
I can feel that big, dark amoeba clinging to my mind.
And so, I kiss her again to brush aside that feeling.
Misaki: Mmm... Mmm, mmmph... Haaah, haaah, haaah... These kisses taste so sweet... It doesn't just feel good, but it's relaxing, too. Sort of like my heart is melting.
Masaya: I know <i>exactly</i> what you mean.
Describing something as sweet might also make people think of "sickly," but there really isn't a better word for how kissing feels.
Misaki: I'm glad you feel the same way, Masaya. Now we can share in many more sweet kisses to come.
Masaya: Sounds good to me.
Misaki: Great.
She nods, then begins to nuzzle her head against the pillow like a cat.
Misaki: Hm?
Her eyes suddenly shoot open.
Misaki: Ah!
Masaya: What's gotten you all surprised? Have the Mr. Shitous started to move?
Nope, they're all motionless, backs still facing us.
Misaki: Pi...
Masaya: Pi?
Misaki: Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi!
Masaya: Why're you mimicking an alarm clock?
Misaki: No, I'm not! Pi-Pi-PillowPillow... Pi-Pi-PillowPillow.
Masaya: I have no clue what you're saying. Calm down!
If anything, it's kinda scary.
Have the Mr. Shitous brainwashed her already?
Misaki starts headbutting her pillow.
Misaki: P-Pillow! This is a pillow, right? I'm not wrong, am I? Pillow-Pillow, yeah?
Masaya: Uh, yes, and...?
Misaki: Well...
Misaki's face tenses up.
What the hell is she thinking?
Misaki: That makes this pillow talk, right?
Masaya: Huh...?! Y-Yeah, I guess so?
The moment she says those words, a shudder runs through me and I tense up.
Misaki, presumably feeling the same, gulps.
Misaki: Yeah, I think that's what this is. Th-This is pillow talk.
Masaya: P-Pillow talk, huh?
Misaki: We're actually doing this... I don't believe it, but this is real. We've gotta face up to reality!
Masaya: We're pillow talking about pillow talk...
Misaki: Y-Yeah, we are. We can call it pipillow talk for short. How frightening.
I doubt Misaki can even explain <i>why</i> it's frightening, but I can understand why she wouldn't even want to try.
Misaki gulps once more.
Misaki: I thought this stuff was still way too mature for us. But we've ended up pillow talking so soon... I can't really keep up with it.
Masaya: Same here. I don't really know what I expected, but I guess I imagined a man with a hairy chest puffing on a cigar? And here we are pillow talking... without a single hair on my chest.
Feels like this is coming 100 years too early for me, personally.
Misaki: Huh? But if that's the issue, does th-that mean you're planning on getting a hairy chest?
Masaya: Wouldn't say I'm planning on it. I haven't got any hair on my chest at this age, so I might not ever get any.
Misaki: Phew... It'd be so weird if your chest suddenly got all bushy...
Misaki sighs in relief.
Misaki: I can't really think of you getting all macho like that, but I feel like you'll definitely be the refined, wine or bourbon drinking type of man. The one who uses bathrobes.
Masaya: That I can imagine.
Misaki's expression suddenly turns grave.
Misaki: W-We have barley tea. The color's pretty much the same as whiskey.
Masaya: Barley tea, huh?
Pillow talk and barley tea... Gotta say, I drink enough barley tea at normal times, so it doesn't feel appropriate.
Misaki: Want me to get some?
Masaya: Nah, that's fine. But like... how's pillow talk meant to go? I don't even know what we should be doing.
Misaki: Well, um... I mean...
Misaki bites her lip as she thinks.
Misaki: Maybe it's stuff like, "You were the best today!" and "I was incredible just now!" or something along those lines?
Masaya: Really...? You were th-the best today?
Misaki: Th-The best? The best... Hm... The best, huh? Best... Just saying that feels wrong. Like there's no ambition in it...
Masaya: I get why you'd want it to be more meaningful, but isn't pillow talk supposed to be pretty simple?
Misaki: Hm... I don't think you'll grow if I just spoil you like that, Masaya. Maybe we should have a constructive criticism session and point out our flaws so we can improve?
Masaya: Pretty sure a review meeting doesn't count as pillow talk.
Misaki: Pillow talk. Hm...
Misaki grins.
Misaki: Let's stop pillow talking.
Masaya: Oh yeah?
Misaki: Trapping ourselves with that idea is just making things awkward. Let's just be normal.
Masaya: Hm, okay then. My hairless chest means we didn't even match up with our ideas in the first place.
Misaki: I can't believe having a hairy chest is a requirement for you...
Masaya: I just feel like that's the way it should be.
Misaki: I really don't care about hairy chests. If anything, it's better being hairless. In any case, let's save the pillow talk for the people who know how to do it, and focus on what actually makes sense for us.
Masaya: Like what?
Misaki: Like how you're sleeping beside me, Masaya...
Masaya: Th-That <i>definitely</i> makes sense...
Misaki: It's hard to believe there's a man in my bed, even though I just said it myself. Like, it's totally illegal.
Masaya: Uh, no? Both of us provided consent, so it's totally legal.
Misaki: Yeah, we did. I allowed you to do it, and I'm sleeping next to you, too. But even trying to just think about it... seems impossible.
Masaya: W-Well, um... I think it's amazing. Just thinking about how real it is has my heart racing.
Misaki: My heart's racing too. I don't know how I got like this. It's not like I gave myself up as a sacrifice or anything... What the hell's happening to me?
You wonder, do you?
Masaya: Well, there's nothing we can do now.
It's already happened, after all.
Misaki: Haaah... Purrsonally, it feels like being in love with someone is <i>really</i> strange. I mean, if you like someone, you definitely don't want them to see you acting all embarrassed, do you?
Masaya: I guess not, no.
I'd want them to think I was cool, if possible.
Misaki: But here I am actually <i>trying</i> to show you all these embarrassing things about me. The magic of love is so terrifying. We've only started dating, yet it's like my worldview has done a complete 180.
Masaya: I won't deny the way I see things has changed, but I think a 180 degree turn is a bit of a stretch.
Misaki: It's not! If anything, we're understating things. My mind's probably gone more like 190 degrees around.
Masaya: ...That means it's heading back toward its starting point.
Misaki presses a finger up against my lips.
Misaki: Take kissing, for example.
Masaya: Huh? Oh, right, yeah... My impressions of it are different now that I've actually done it.
I never knew how good kissing could feel until I actually kissed someone.
Misaki: No, what I'm talking about is more like... saliva than actual kissing.
Masaya: Uh, what?
Misaki: You heard me. Going out with you and being in love and stuff has changed my impression of saliva.
I'm beginning to think the depths of her love lie in a bottomless swamp.
Masaya: That's the biggest thing?
Misaki: No doubt in my mind.
Not a single doubt, huh?
Misaki: 'Cause now I know that, no matter what kind of person you fall for, you're never gonna think of their saliva as dirty.
Masaya: I think most people know that.
Misaki: But when we're kissing... Um, I guess I'll just admit this... I-I want more of your saliva, Masaya... Like, I want it in my mouth, and I want you to drool on me... Y'know, that kinda stuff.
Masaya: Uhhh...
Misaki: A-Are you grossed out? Should I not have said that?
Masaya: No... I'm not grossed out. It's just... well, I was kinda thinking the same thing.
I want more of Misaki's saliva in my mouth.
Misaki: Ooh... Yay! I'm glad I'm not alone. I didn't know what I'd do if you thought kissing was dirty or something.
Masaya: Besides, when I licked you and stuff, I never thought I was doing something dirty.
Misaki: R-Really? I'm happy to hear that... Though I don't think that's true. What if you were licking the bottom of my feet?
Masaya: I'd be cool with that.
Misaki: For real...? Wh-What about my butt, then?
Masaya: Is that an invitation?
Misaki: Ah...! Hehehehe, j-jeez, you're so cheeky.
Masaya: Can I take that as a yes?
Misaki seems to be contemplating what to say next.
Misaki: Haaah... Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Masaya: Why're you panting?
Misaki: I imagined it.
Masaya: As in...
Misaki: My masochist side was totally okay with you licking my feet, but with my butt... My butt is, is, is, is, is... Nghhhhhh! Not happening. I mean, it can, but...
Masaya: Don't force yourself. I didn't think you'd want me to in the first place.
Misaki: That's not the issue!
Misaki buries her face into her pillow in displeasure.
Masaya: What is the issue, then?
Misaki: I mean, you're making it look like you're the one who's totally in love with me. But I'm the one who's totally in love with you, Masaya, so I'm the one who has to be okay with anything you want to do...
Masaya: ...I don't think you <i>have</i> to be okay with it.
Misaki: I do!
Masaya: I see...
Misaki: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What do I do?! We've gotta find something, somewhere on my body you think is unclean, or I'm gonna go through an identity crisis.
Masaya: You're exaggerating now.
Misaki: I'm not!
She spews in anger.
Why does she have to get like this when we're snuggling in bed?
Misaki: What about my armpits?
Masaya: Fine by me.
Misaki: Ngh... My nose? It might be all oily.
Masaya: I wouldn't even hesitate.
Misaki: Haaah, talking to a pervert is exhausting.
Masaya: I'm no pervert! I'm just telling you I don't think you're dirty at all.
Misaki: What about the dirt under my nails, then? They're all clean now, but if you'll lick it up, I can get them dirty for next time!
Masaya: You really don't need to! And yeah, I wouldn't really wanna lick actual dirt.
Misaki's mouth warps into a teasing grin.
Misaki: I win!
Masaya: Hey, you don't win unless you'd lick the dirt under my fingernails. Neither of us would do it, so it's a draw.
Misaki: I could do it, no problem. I'll prove it one of these days. If you want me to, that is.
Masaya: Sorry, can't say I do.
That's a pretty gross kink...
Misaki: Then we'll call this my victory, yeah?
Masaya: If you insist. Sorry.
Misaki: Heheh!
Misaki smiles in satisfaction.
She never stops pushing for a complete victory.
Or maybe it's just that she doesn't want to lose, no matter what the competition is?
Most strong people do hate losing.
Then again, there are some players who are above simply winning or losing. Though those people feel like higher beings of a sort.
At the very least, I doubt there's anyone strong who doesn't feel regret at losing.
Whether or not they can hide that in their daily lives comes down to the individual... but I don't think it's a bad thing.
Masaya: You're definitely gonna get better, Misaki.
Misaki: Huh? Are you talking about sex still, or is this back to FC?
As wonderful as it would be if she got better at sex...
Masaya: I'm talking about FC.
Misaki: I dunno how you got to that from the conversation we were just having... Oh, wait... was it one of those overconfident statements like, "Just love me, and I promise you'll grow stronger!" or what?
Masaya: I'm not strong enough to think up something like that.
I may have said that if I was one of those overconfident guys, but it's way too much for me right now.
I'd just end up blushing.
Misaki: I came this far through believing in you, so I think you could say it if you wanted.
Masaya: Not sure I like the sound of that.
Misaki: Oh? What do you mean?
Masaya: I want you to get stronger for yourself. I rely on you, and I'm pretty sure you rely on me too. But I still want you to get stronger for yourself.
Misaki: Hmmmmmm...
She doesn't seem to fully comprehend what I just said.
Masaya: The strength I had in the past was warped, twisted. I don't want you to turn out like that.
Misaki: So you're saying, "don't repeat my mistakes," basically?
Masaya: I guess so, yeah.
Misaki: You're a <i>real</i> difficult kitty, Coach Masaya. Always bringing me in close to you, then pushing me away.
Masaya: I-Is that how I am?
Misaki: Some of the time, yeah. But I think that's, well... It's fine. You helped me train my mind... And, well... you know how it is.
Masaya: How what is?
Misaki: Like, when you're coaching someone as annoying as me, that's just the way things will go. If you'd done it like, the normal way, I don't think I would've been able to keep up.
Masaya: You're saying my coaching was warped?
Misaki: Not really... I think it just seems that way to me.
That reminds me of what Shirase-san said.
Shirase: Well, if someone like her keeps taking FC seriously and doesn't quit, she'll definitely end up warped.
Maybe I see things differently... but while Misaki may be eccentric or warped or whatever, I think she's facing it head on.
There's nothing strange about her issues. Her worries about not being able to face FC are what made her personality warp in the first place.
Her personality may have changed due to that, but she's grown stronger regardless.
Perhaps...
Perhaps if I'd been able to face my issues like her, my frustrations wouldn't still haunt me to this day.
Misaki: Earth to Masayaaa! Jeez, why are you always so quick to get lost in thought? You have a real nasty habit of going into a world of your own even though I'm <i>right</i> here.
Masaya: Oh, sorry.
I never get like this in front of other people, only Misaki.
Misaki: Haaah, I'd love to just fall asleep now and get to say good morning to each other right as we wake up, but unfortunately, that's a no can do.
Masaya: Will your grandma be home soon?
Misaki: We still have time, but if she finds us in bed together, it'll be awkwaaard.
Masaya: I'll bet.
Misaki: Grandma is a woman, after all. You never know, she might see how sexy you are and get all excited.
Masaya: That possibility wasn't even on my mind and, frankly, I'm not sure how I feel about the woman's granddaughter bringing it up...
Misaki: Hmmmmmm...
Misaki closes her eyes as she gets lost in thought.
Misaki: There's something we really need to do right now.
Masaya: What's that? Just lying here together isn't enough?
Misaki: Nope. It's not becoming of a young man and woman to be lying around together. It's just lazy.
If we're already unbecoming, what's the issue with being lazy too?
Misaki: I wanna do one of those youthful indiscretion type things all couples do over summer, y'know?
Masaya: What are you even talking about?
Something about making mistakes on purpose, I think? Doesn't really sit well with me, though...
Misaki's eyes glisten like a beast that's found its prey.
Misaki: I've got it! Let's take a bath together!
Masaya: Huh?
Misaki: You don't wanna? I figured you'd be screaming about how you could die happy tomorrow if you got to take a bath with your girlfriend.
Masaya: Not sure it makes up for dying, but it's definitely a dream come true.
Misaki: That a yes, then?
Masaya: Sure is!
Misaki: Hehehe, glad you're being honest.
Misaki smiles happily.
Misaki: We've gotta do things like this while we have the chance. If I started thinking about how we haven't bathed together during a match, I'd end up losing 'cause I wouldn't be able to concentrate.
Masaya: If you have the time to think about that during a match, you're either steamrolling your opponent or on the verge of giving up the game anyway.
I can't imagine the sheer ability you'd need to remain composed enough to think about that in the heat of a battle.
Though, if you <i>were</i> that composed, you'd have little trouble winning any match that came your way.
Misaki: I dunno. Y'know how when you're concentrating really hard, random thoughts just start popping into your head.
I still doubt you'd think about us bathing together.
But I at least understand the sentiment.
I'm sure Misaki is just babbling again to hide her embarrassment, but I can tell she's also somewhat serious about it, so I want to help ease her concerns.
There are times when you just need to empty your mind of extraneous thoughts to help you concentrate.
And then there are other times where you have to get everything you wanna do out of your system to help you concentrate.
I imagine the reason she's asking to sleep and bathe together and stuff is because she just wants to do something about her anxieties before the tournament.
And that's a natural reaction for anyone under extreme pressure.
In which case...
As her coach and boyfriend, I should do everything she asks of me!
Misaki: Pretty sure the bath's filled already, so we've just gotta warm the water first. Besides, it's summer. We don't want it boiling hot in the first place.
Masaya: Hell, even cold water would be fine.
I may have a responsibility to help Misaki out...
But I'm not gonna let the chance to bathe with her slip through my fingers! Bring it on, cold water, I fear you not!
At times like this, you need to push on ahead before your partner changes their mind.
Though who can say if that's the right thing to do or not...
Considering that taking the lead in an FC match is the right thing to do, I'm pretty sure the same goes in this scenario, too.
Misaki: ...Y'know, you can get kinda pushy at times, Masaya.
Masaya: Cool, let's get in the bath then, shall we?
Misaki: See what I mean!
Masaya: We don't have time to waste. We can warm the water while we're in there!
Misaki: Well, if you're that worked up about it... I-I'll just have to accept your challenge!
Misaki kicks the covers off her with gusto.
Masaya: Ah...!
Since she's lying on her side, one leg has gone right up into the air. This is a wonderful view! It's beautiful! But...!
Masaya: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Don't spread your legs like that when you're naked!
Misaki: Oh! R-Right... Y-You could've just not looked...
Masaya: N-Not a chance in hell.
Misaki: N-Not even a slight chance?
Masaya: Of course not! I wanna get as many glimpses at your naked form as I can!
Misaki: I-I think you just might pawsibly be insane.
Misaki covers her bodily treasures with her arms as she gets up off the bed.
Misaki: I don't appreciate being stared at naked, so shut your eyes! Quit it! I told you to shut your eyes, dumbass!
Misaki grabs a towel from her drawers and wraps it around herself.
Misaki: There we go... Haaah, what'd I do to deserve such a perverted boyfriend.
Masaya: I don't think I'm that bad.
Misaki: Well, I think you are. C'mon now, how long are you gonna keep lazing around? Get up already!
I get out of bed, covering my crotch with my hands. No point getting changed back into my clothes if I just have to take them off again anyway.
Masaya: Could I possibly borrow a towel?
Misaki: ......
Masaya: What's with the silence?
Misaki: I was captivated.
Masaya: By what?
By my naked body?
I guess I'm more muscular than average, but it's nothing too special.
Maybe Misaki's developed a muscle fetish?
It won't be long now before she's joins Shirase-san and Prez and starts gossiping about the potential of my inner muscles...
Misaki: Just thinking how dumb guys look when they stoop over to hide their crotch. Like, completely pathetic.
Masaya: That's what you were captivated by?
Misaki: Haaaaaah, god, I wanna bully you right now.
Masaya: Stop it!
Misaki: Someone call the cops! There's a naked man in my house!
Masaya: Cut it out! I know you're joking, but that almost gave me a heart attack.
It's the same as how you feel fear when someone waves a toy knife around in front of you.
Misaki glances around the room.
Misaki: I was sure I had a soldering iron I could brand you with somewhere around here...
Masaya: As if a girl would just have that lying around her bedroom! As if <i>anyone</i> would just have that lying around their bedroom!
Misaki: Only you think that way, Masaya.
Masaya: The entire human race thinks that way.
Why the hell would anyone keep one of those?
This goes <i>way</i> beyond simple bullying.
Misaki: Well, I guess I'll get a lot more chances to bully you while you're naked in the future, so...
What a reliable girlfriend.
Misaki: Let's get in the bath! We don't have time to waste.
Masaya: So I'm not getting a towel after all, huh?
Misaki: If you're really <i>that</i> embarrassed, then...
Misaki runs toward me at full throttle, opening her towel wide.
Misaki: Hiyah!
Then, she wraps me up in it with her.
Misaki: Gonna be a bit hard to walk, but it should be fine, yeah?
Masaya: ...Misaki.
Misaki: What?
Masaya: This is rather, uh, stimulating...
Her actions came from a place of pure innocence, yet they couldn't have been more audacious.
Misaki: Ugh... Y-You're probably right.
Our skin is clinging together. That's how close we are.
Misaki: B-But! It'll be even more stimulating when we're in the bath together, so this is a trial.
Masaya: D-Do we really need that?
Misaki: Oh, just come on already... This'll be fun, like a three-legged race!
With that, Misaki starts walking off, dragging me along with her.
We enter the bathroom and quickly shower to wash the sweat off of us.
Misaki: It'd be weird for you to be lying back on me, so you get in first.
Masaya: Sure.
What the?!
This is pretty darn cold. A sharp prickly pain is shooting up from the tips of my toes.
Slowly lowering myself in will only make things worse. I just have to go for it.
Masaya: Here goes nothing...
I plop straight in. A momentary pain courses through me, but before long, I'm right as rain.
Masaya: It's your turn.
Misaki: Yeah, I know. I-It's embarrassing, though... so don't look at my butt.
Masaya: Okay.
I'm definitely looking. There's no way I'm ignoring her plump ass when it's right before my eyes.
Misaki: Ah...!
Masaya: Ah...!
Anyone would be lost for words when they see a cute booty jiggle like that.
Misaki: S-So cold!
Masaya: Only at first. It's fine once you get in.
Misaki: ...You sure?
Misaki lifts both legs into the bath.
Misaki: ...Aha, nope, impossible.
Masaya: No it isn't!
It looks like she's about to flee, so I wrap my arms around her waist.
Misaki: L-Let go of me! I'm gonna freeze to death!
Masaya: It's not <i>that</i> cold.
Misaki: You just stay in there alone, Masaya. I'll watch you.
Masaya: That's just weird!
Misaki: Not my problem!
Masaya: You know, if you keep squirming like that, I'm gonna end up seeing more than just your ass.
Misaki: Ah...!
Misaki immediately submerges herself.
Misaki: So cold! Brrrrrr!
She turns her head to glare daggers at me.
Masaya: We're warming the bath up, right? It won't take that long.
Misaki: Haaah, I don't think I'll ever be able to keep up with your lust, Masaya.
Masaya: Getting in the bath together was your idea.
Misaki: True.
Misaki leans back into me.
Misaki: Purrfect. Now I can tell just how much of a man you are.
Masaya: What do you mean?
Misaki: Well... like, whenever you hugged me before, my mind started to boil over and I was either left overjoyed or just completely unable to think straight. Or both.
She pushes her back into my chest.
Misaki: But now I can calmly appreciate your body. Feels kinda new, I guess.
Masaya: You're calm right now?
We're finally in the bath together, and she's calm? This is the worst day ever.
Misaki: Yeah, 'cause I was forced into freezing water.
So it's all my fault? Well, whatever. The only alternative was not bathing together, so I have no regrets.
Misaki: Guys have really hard bodies, huh? I can feel all the muscles under your skin. Compared to you, it's like I'm made of wires and cotton candy.
Masaya: That's not true.
Misaki: Aaah! D-Don't just grab hold of my thighs.
Masaya: I wasn't being pervy. I was just trying to say that you've got a pretty toned body yourself.
Misaki: R-Really? I do?
Masaya: I could take you anywhere and never get embarrassed.
Misaki: You're making me sound like some kinda farm animal. What am I, a cow?! Is that what you're getting at?!
Why'd she immediately think of a cow?
Masaya: I wasn't. Quit reading into things weirdly. I meant more that I could take you to any competition and you'd go great.
Misaki: Huh?!
Misaki slams her hands into the water's surface.
Misaki: So you're planning on taking me out to compete?
Masaya: Of course I am.
Misaki: How can you be so cruel?
Masaya: This again, huh...?
Misaki: I can't believe it. I trusted you, Masaya, and now I find out you've been plotting away behind my back?
Masaya: ...You really love talking about this.
Misaki: I don't! I'd love to <i>not</i> talk about this, but I'm anxious! That's why I can't keep my mouth shut!
Masaya: I know.
Misaki: Haaaaaah, how can you stay so cool when I'm a complete mess?
Masaya: Don't squash your back against me so hard. It hurts.
Misaki: I was <i>totally</i> calm when I got into the bath... but just thinking about how you're so cool all the time has me all hot and bothered.
I think the pain you're currently putting me through is bothering me a lot more, personally.
She starts slapping the water again.
Misaki: I can feel a disconnect between us. Ah! Wh-What are you doing?
I grab hold of Misaki's shoulders and push her down.
Masaya: Just thinking I should try and stop you from being so noisy.
Misaki: That's a little scary for a joke!
Misaki abruptly falls silent.
Misaki: ...Moo. Moo. Moo, moo, moo.
Masaya: You've been possessed by a cow?
Misaki: If I were a cow, I wouldn't have to go to any tournaments, right?
Masaya: This again? A cow can still compete. Maybe if you didn't have legs, like a snake... No, wait, I think we could still make that work.
Misaki: You're wicked! Haaah, moo, moo, moo, moo... I'm taking part in the fall tournament, huh?
Masaya: You sure are.
Misaki: Yep. I know that. I do, but... Ugh, how annoying! And I don't mean the tournament! I'm annoying! Why do we always end up going through this!
Masaya: Maybe...
Misaki: Maybe what?
Masaya: Maybe you won't get to show off everything you've got in the tournament, or maybe your SuMo will fail horrible. But that's fine. Well, not fine... but if it happens, it happens.
Misaki: I swear that'll never happen. Not after all the practice I've put in.
Her tone is sharp.
Misaki: I <i>have</i> to give it everything I've got. For Shirase-san, for Prez, for Mask, I have to.
Masaya: True. I'm glad you feel that way.
Misaki: Then why even say it?
Masaya: Shindou-san lost at the summer tournament without being able to give it everything he had. I know that must've been traumatic for him, but he's managed to pick himself back up again.
I don't know how he <i>actually</i> feels, though. Maybe he doesn't ever want to play FC again.
But I doubt that's the case.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: I think most coaches tell their players to "go out there and give it everything you've got" before the start of the match. That might be the exact way I send you out there.
Misaki: Right.
Masaya: But even being able to give it everything you've got comes down to luck. Most people win or lose without ever reaching that point.
Misaki: Yeah, I guess.
Masaya: You end up thinking, "Oh, I should have done this!" or "Ugh, if only I'd done that!" pretty often... No one wants to have those thoughts, but having them makes you stronger. It helps you grow.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: I was afraid of those thoughts. That's why I tried to play in a way that would never make me experience them. But that was one of the biggest sources of the pressure I faced.
Misaki: ...I see.
Masaya: I couldn't accept that there were things I couldn't do. You can't corner yourself like I did, Misaki. If you do, you'll end up broken, unable to move forward.
Misaki: ......
Masaya: Though sometimes, getting cornered is what reveals a person's true strength.
Misaki: That's literally the opposite of what you just said!
Masaya: We've practiced, researched, and prepared. What happens next is entirely in your hands.
Misaki: It is?
Masaya: Only you control if it'll be a good result or a bad one. You just have to give it everything you've got. Don't be afraid of doing that.
Misaki: O-Okay...
Masaya: So just keep being annoying. Stay as you are, and whether or not you find your answers at the tournament, you'll still be Misaki. I can't speak for you, but that's fine in my books.
Misaki: Haaaaaah, how do you meownage to make it sound like you're comforting me and telling me off at the same time?
Masaya: ...I guess that was a bit strict.
Misaki: If I'm gonna stay the same, then that means I won't get rid of these annoying feelings until it's all over, huh?
Masaya: Yeah, but that's okay.
Misaki: Haaaah... Guess I'm gonna end up talking about this again on the day of the tournament, but I'll try not to say anything about it until then. Though, that might be impossible.
Masaya: You don't have to force yourself to do that.
Misaki: Mmmmmm, I'm not sure I'm "forcing" myself, exactly. It's more like my heart feels all airy...
Masaya: Airy?
Misaki: Um, y'know... it feels airy, as in, uh...
Masaya: Yeah?
Misaki: I dunno!
Masaya: You sound rather proud of that.
Misaki: It's like, I feel like I've almost got it, but I just can't grab hold of it. So airy, y'know? Anyway, I'm gonna purrsh myself to the limit with practice!
Masaya: We've decided on our strategy, so you just need to follow it. Keep on practicing so that it becomes second nature to you.
Misaki: ......
Misaki suddenly reaches out and turns off the switch powering the hot water.
Masaya: Why'd you turn it off?
Misaki: I'm used to the cold now... And I was just thinking that this is kinda nice.
Masaya: You mean the cold water?
Misaki: No, like... I can feel your warmth from where I'm pressed up against you... That's nice.
Masaya: ...Yeah, you have a point.
My chest feels all warm where Misaki's leaning back into me.
It feels like we're connected.
Misaki: It's kinda making my heart race. Being able to feel your warmth so well, I mean.
Masaya: Yeah, same here.
The feeling of Misaki's warmth is getting me into a funky mood.
Misaki: This warmth is... um, n-not exactly exciting me. It's not, but just being able to feel your presence is nice and, um... I guess it's exciting me a little.
So it <i>is</i> exciting her.
Masaya: Does this make it even better?
Misaki: Huh?
I wrap my arms around Misaki's tummy and squeeze.
Misaki: Eep!
Masaya: D-Don't just squeal like that!
Misaki: Well, you shouldn't have hugged me all of a sudden!
Masaya: You can feel more of my warmth this way, right?
Misaki: Y-Yeah. Ah... This is, um... Yeah.
Masaya: I can feel your warmth too.
Misaki: God... You're such a pervert, Masaya.
Masaya: Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me.
Misaki: Whoa, I'm so embarrassed that I'm gonna start panting.
Masaya: Go ahead. It's cute.
Misaki: And it's even more embarrassing that this is all it takes to make me pant, too.
Masaya: Kinda weird how your warmth feels cute to me, huh?
Misaki: Well, every single thing about me is cute, so not really.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Ah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haah... God... Ah, I'm feeling strange now... Ugh, I knew this would happen... Haaah, haaah, haaah... Whoa! I can't believe I've figured this out in a bathtub full of freezing water.
Misaki wraps her arms around my hips.
Misaki: I-I'm gonna... touch you too now... How is it? Haaah, haaah, haaah... Are my arms... warm?
Masaya: Yeah, <i>really</i> warm.
Misaki: My heart is, haaah, haaah, haaah, really pounding. This could be dangerous.
Masaya: I don't think it's dangerous. You know...
Misaki: R-Right, well, you <i>totally</i> plan on saying something weird, don't you?
Masaya: I sure do.
Misaki: W-Well, go ahead.
Masaya: If you turn to face me, we can hug properly. That'd probably feel pretty good, don't you think?
Misaki: Ah...! Haaah, haaah, haaah... H-How can you just come out with something so embarrassing. A-Are you... being serious?
Masaya: Super serious.
Misaki: W-Well... just having my back up against your chest has me feeling like this, so if my chest was facing you... I'd be even more, um... excited, I guess...
Masaya: Is there a problem with that? Sounds good to me.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... I d-don't have a problem with it... But, well... w-we'll kiss, right? Of course we will.
Masaya: Yeah, obviously.
Misaki: And after that?
Masaya: After that, um... we'll think about that when we're done kissing.
Misaki: Haaaaaaaaaaaah...
Misaki breathes an exaggerated sigh.
Misaki: Pretty sure that doesn't require any thinking...
Masaya: True.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah... Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, mmm! Okay. I'm gonna turn around now.
Water splashes around Misaki as she twists to face me.
Misaki: Man, the summer heat feels so good. It's like it's soaking into me.
Masaya: We were pretty cold a few minutes ago.
We should be boiling now, since the AC's off, but instead it feels nice and mild like a warm spring day.
Misaki: That's 'cause you couldn't stop, Masaya.
Masaya: You're not one to talk.
Misaki: Well, I mean... Um, sorry...
Masaya: No, <i>I'm</i> sorry. Now that I think about it, I shouldn't have forced you to take a cold bath right before the big tournament.
What would I have done if Misaki had caught a cold?
Misaki: Oh, that's fine. Like, if we went to the beach for a change of pace instead, we probably would've spent just as long in the sea.
Masaya: I guess so, yeah.
Misaki: It's <i>totally</i> fine. People in the swimming club use the pool every day, right? A-And we <i>did</i> get some exercise in.
Masaya: Y-Yeah. Exercise...
Misaki: ...Exercise. Can't we just leave it at that?
Masaya: Yeah, we better.
It feels better to describe it as exercise.
Misaki: Hahahahaha... All that talking and, um... weird stuff we did has made my heart feel lighter. I'm in a good headspace now. Thanks for letting me indulge today.
Masaya: You don't need to thank me.
Misaki: True, you did get your rocks off, too.
Masaya: Seriously? Why do you have to talk like some pervy old geezer?
Misaki: Even though I'm okay now... I'll probably start hoping the tournament gets canceled when I settle down and try and sleep.
Masaya: Maybe, but that's fine.
That's what makes Misaki, well, Misaki.
Misaki: My heart really does feel lighter, though...
She smiles bashfully.
Misaki: I'll do my best at the tournament.
Masaya: Let's see this through together.
Misaki: Yeah!
Misaki uses her whole body to give me a large nod.
I really do believe...
I'm certain Misaki's going to give it everything she's got.
★: Misaki Extra 04 -- END
A few days later...
We're done with practice, so Rika and I are on our way home.
Rika: ......
Is something wrong?
Rika: ......
Rika's been talking less the closer we get to home.
Maybe she's nervous because it's almost time for the fall tournament?
That wouldn't be all bad. The right amount of nerves will put her in a perfect mental state, but too much will just get her feeling all exhausted before her matches even begin.
Practicing without proper motivation can lead to making careless mistakes that result in injury.
But on the other hand, being too worked up and pushing yourself to the absolute limit can also result in injury.
There's also the mental side of things. If your emotions run hot for too long, you'll start to feel drained.
And if you're mentally drained, it'll take longer for you to recover physically.
That's why most professional athletes, especially the very best ones, have hobbies they dedicate a lot of time to.
Hm...
How many days do we have before the tournament?
Well, doesn't really matter. I still know it's too early for her to be getting all worked up. I need to get her to relax.
The moment I think about saying something, she suddenly stops and turns to face me.
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: M-Masaya-san!
Her gaze is filled with determination.
Masaya: What's up?
Rika: There's something I want to discuss.
Masaya: Is it about Kurobuchi?
Rika: No, it isn't. I already have my answer for Sacchan... Or rather, I know what I have to do.
Masaya: I see. That's good.
Seems Rika's already decided how she's going to confront Kurobuchi.
That's good. I doubt Kurobuchi will be able to get under her skin if she's this sure of her course of action.
All that's left is confirming how to deal with her dirty tactics.
Rika: U-Um, you see, Masaya-san...
Masaya: Yeah?
Rika fidgets. She's clearly a little nervous.
Rika: Well... you said your parents weren't home today, didn't you?
Masaya: Huh? Oh, yeah, th-they aren't. Uh...
Rika: Please don't drag this in a weird direction... You weren't thinking something dirty now, were you?
Masaya: I-I <i>totally</i> was. Was I off base?
Rika: You were. Honestly, Masaya-san, you're incredibly perverted...
I mean, she asked about my parents not being home... What was I supposed to think?
I've done nothing wrong!
Masaya: So, why'd you ask about my parents?
Rika: W-Well, you've done so much for me that I'd like to show you my thanks before the tournament.
Masaya: You wanna thank me? Nah, it's fine.
Rika: With the tournament so close, I probably won't get another chance anytime soon. This is the perfect opportunity.
Masaya: Listen, I'm telling you not to worry about it.
Rika: Please let me. You've been coaching me even though I'm a Takafuji student, so I obviously owe you a great debt. It won't sit right with me otherwise.
Masaya: I've learned a lot from you too, Rika. Besides, our club doesn't have many members, so having you around has been a huge help.
I honestly don't know what we would've done without her. Having to practice with just Misaki and Mashiro sounds like a disaster.
Plus, the sight of Rika being so motivated has helped me convince them to take practice more seriously.
Rika: I still think I need to thank you.
What a kind, diligent girl.
Masaya: Well, like they say, it's the thought that counts.
Rika frowns ever so slightly.
Rika: Haaah, I thought you might say that, Masaya-san. How about this, then?
Rika bows her head.
Rika: If you don't let me thank you properly, I'll be so bothered that I won't be able to concentrate on my matches. So please, accept this selfish request.
Masaya: Ugh, you sure about that?
Rika: Absolutely.
Masaya: Great, now I can't refuse.
Rika: Hehehe, of course you can't. I learned how kind and diligent you can be from watching you interact with your club.
Wow, we have the exact same thoughts about each other... Man, it feels like she has me in the palm of her hand.
Masaya: So, how are you planning on thanking me?
Maybe with a present? Nah, that would have nothing to do with my parents being away...
Rika: Why don't I cook dinner for you tonight? If that's fine by you, I mean.
Masaya: Of course it is. You're a godly cook, Rika. A homecooked meal from you sounds like a dream come true.
Rika: That's great! I was worried about what to do if you said no.
Rika does a happy little hop on the spot.
Rika: I'll head right over as soon as I'm ready, so please wait in your room.
Masaya: Why my room? You're not planning on cooking in there, are you?
Rika: Cooking takes place in the kitchen, obviously. Though, um, there's a lot of preparations involved...
Masaya: Preparations? In my room?
Rika: Y-Yes.
Shouldn't she be doing those in the kitchen?
Rika: Um, can you turn around for a moment?
Masaya: Why?
Rika: Oh, well... i-it's a surprise!
Masaya: Like, some sort of mystery meat meal?
Or wait, has she learned some magic?
Maybe a beautiful woman will jump out of a cake, or she'll pull out a bunch of chicken wings from a top hat?
Well, I doubt it'll be anything that dramatic, but you never know!
I'm real excited.
Rika: A-Anyway, please turn around.
Masaya: Is this okay?
Having no reason to refuse, I turn to face the wall.
Rika: Yes, that's fine. I'll tell you when I'm done, so please don't turn around until I do.
Masaya: Gotcha.
Rika: ......
I hear the rustling of clothes behind me.
Wait, she's stripping?!
Maybe she needs to change clothes for a sleight of hand trick?
Yeah, I wouldn't wanna ruin it. I definitely shouldn't turn around.
Naturally, my instincts are begging me to, but I know she'll get all depressed if I do, especially since I promised not to.
Still...
She's changing right behind me. Isn't this basically an invitation to peek?
Ugh, no! I've gotta control myself!
Rika trusts me, so I can't just betray her!
Rika: I'm done. You can turn around now.
Finally.
Rika: Well... Ta-dah!
Uh, what?
Masaya: Ta-dah, huh?
Rika: Y-Yes. Ta-daaah...!
Rika does a little pirouette on the spot as she says that.
Rika: Ta-dadadaaa...! So, um, well...
Rika's probably confused by the utterly dumbfounded expression on my face.
Rika: ...Did I make a mistake?
She sounds nervous now.
Masaya: Uh, well... Before that, I don't even know what your intentions are.
Rika's wearing an apron over a bikini.
Rika: My intentions?
Masaya: Y-Yeah. Think you could explain?
Rika: If I have to explain, that means I made a mistake...
Rika hangs her head and starts fidgeting.
Rika: I wanted to thank you, so I thought I should do something guys liked. I found this idea when I looked things up online.
This is yet another example of Rika's overly diligent personality.
I can easily imagine her messing up the search term or something.
She's not really all that great with computers...
Rika: The most popular result I found was something called a naked apron, which seemed fitting.
How exactly did it seem fitting?!
Masaya: O-Oh, really?
Not sure I'd say it's the <i>most</i> popular thing out there, but I imagine if the question was simply "do you like naked aprons, yes or no," then a lot of guys would say yes.
Masaya: But that's not a naked apron, is it?
Rika: N-No. If I'd gone for that, I would have died from embarrassment, so I decided on a swimsuit apron.
Her head jerks up suddenly at that.
Rika: I'm so sorry! You must be disappointed by my half-hearted attempt. I-I'll take the swimsuit off right away!
Masaya: No, it's okay. I'm, uh... good with a swimsuit apron.
Rika: But you don't look all that happy...
Masaya: No, um... you've got it all wrong...
Rika: How?
Masaya: Like... I totally wasn't expecting this, so I'm just real confused.
She'd warned me about a surprise, but I never would've imagined this.
Masaya: The swimsuit apron is, um... really great. So... I'm happy, but...
Rika: But?
Masaya: I think it might've been better to tell me in advance.
Rika: Really? I thought the surprise factor would make you even happier.
Masaya: It's great and all, but like, if you told me you were going to do it, I'd have been so excited that I could barely contain it.
Rika: So I should've told you?
Masaya: Yeah, then you'd have me raring to go.
I don't think anything would make me happier.
Rika seems lost in thought.
Rika: Wait... you mean you like being teased, Masaya-san?
Masaya: No, don't take it that way...
I can already imagine her trying to tease me at the worst possible moments.
Rika: Now that I know better, should I get changed?
Masaya: Oh no, there's no need for that.
Rika: Huh? Th-There isn't?
Masaya: You're gonna cook for me in that, yeah?
Rika: Y-Yes. That's the plan...
Masaya: ......
Rika: Why aren't you saying anything?
Masaya: I'm pretty sure any man would die to have the girl they love do this for them.
This is the happiest moment of my life.
Rika: R-Really?
Masaya: Yeah, so I want you to keep it up.
Rika raises her hands to her chest and sighs.
Rika: Phew... I knew you were that kind of person, Masaya-san.
There's an innocent smile on her face as she says that.
<i>That kind of person?</i> Really?
Well, she doesn't seem to mind, so I guess it's fine.
Rika moves to the kitchen, then she lines up the food she brought from home.
Rika: Let's see, the cutting board is here, and the knives are here.
She briskly and diligently goes through our cupboards.
I didn't know what to expect.
But now that I actually see her in the kitchen...
I'm getting an immoral kick out of it. Feels kinda like I'm making her do something wrong.
Masaya: What're you making for me? You've got all that exposed skin,  so fried food's a no-go, right?
The oil would probably jump onto her skin and burn her if she tried.
Rika: It's summer, so I thought I'd make chilled noodles and a tomato salad. I'll use lots of garnish and make sure it's full of nutrients.
Masaya: Chilled noodles, huh? I haven't actually had any this summer.
Rika: I already made some bang bang chicken style, so all I have to do is cut the vegetables and boil the noodles. It shouldn't take long.
Rika: Well, I'm going to get started now.
Masaya: Great, thanks.
A pleasant clacking sound echoes as Rika begins chopping the vegetables.
The sight of her in her swimsuit apron is truly beautiful.
The thought of Asuka and Rika's wrestling match in the bathtub was great and all, but it wasn't <i>real</i> to me, you know?
This swimsuit apron is blowing all our other times together out of the water.
I can't believe I have such a gorgeous girlfriend. I wanna shout my love for her from the rooftops!
Rika: La, lalalalaaa, lalalaaa...
I still can't quite believe such a perfect girl actually exists.
Man...
I've never really had a chance to study Rika's ass before, but I've got a great view of it right now.
And damn, is it nice.
Sure wish the swimsuit wasn't blocking my view...
She's right in the middle of cooking, which means she's defenseless...
This is making me <i>super</i> horny.
This is a sight to behold. And I'm not talking about just her ass, either.
The way her back slightly wiggles in time with the movements of her arms as she swings the knife is real sexy.
Rika: Lalaaa, lalalaaalalaaa, lalalaaa...
I can feel a sense of urgency bubbling up inside my chest.
My self-control is at its limit.
Rika: Laaalaaa, lalaaalalalaaa... Lalaaa...
Goddammit...
Rika: Laaa, lalaaa... Lalaaa, lalalaaa...
Are you kidding me?
Rika's started shaking her ass left and right as she hums.
Th-This... This is wrong. I should stop her.
Rika's <i>way</i> too damn sexy right now.
This swimsuit apron was a terrible idea! I can't hold back much longer!
...I can just reach out and touch her, right?
Think, Masaya. Analyze the situation calmly.
Rika knows she's dressed up in a sexy outfit, so I'm sure she's prepared herself for anything. Probably. I hope. I wish.
No, bad Masaya! Rika's cooking right now.
She's holding a knife and standing by a pot of boiling water.
If I try to grope her now, she could get hurt.
And if that happens and she can't participate in the fall tournament, I'll regret it for the rest of my life.
I can't risk all that for a single moment of pleasure.
...Hold on, there's an easy way to avoid that.
I just have to get Rika's permission first. I'm sure she won't mind stopping for a moment...
Masaya: Listen...
Rika: Oh, it'll be ready in just a moment, so just wait right there. I just have to boil the noodles at this point. Lalaaa, lalalaaa...
Fuck! She's <i>way</i> too into cooking.
I can't ask to touch her now!
Rika: Laaalaaa, laaa, lalaaaaaa...
My eyes are glued to her swaying ass.
I bet Rika only thought about making me happy with the swimsuit apron, and didn't consider anything past that point.
The only thing on her mind right now is making sure the food comes out good.
She wants me to tell her it's delicious.
Rika: Lala, lalaaa, lalalaaaaaa... Ah!
Maybe she finally realizes how much she's turning me on?
Rika: I forgot to ask you something important.
Masaya: O-Oh, what is it?
Is this it?!
Is she about to cut through the dark stormy clouds like a brilliant ray of light?!
Rika: Is there anything you don't like to eat, Masaya-san?
The clouds remain overhead.
Masaya: I'll eat anything.
Rika: Oh wow, you're amazing. Laaa, lalaaa, lalaaa...
I'm forced to control my desires as I stare long and hard at that plump swaying ass.
Masaya: Thanks for today.
Rika: Oh no, I'm sorry for making you go along with my selfish request.
Masaya: Don't be silly. The noodles and salad were delish.
Rika: I'm happy to hear you say that.
Rika squirms a little.
Rika: Thank you very much. No, I mean, I'm sorry... Um, I mean... Yeah, um, I'm sorry.
Masaya: Uh, what?
Rika: Th-This is going to be <i>very</i> embarrassing if I'm wrong, but...
Masaya: Hm?
Rika: You were holding back, weren't you?
Masaya: Huh? Uh, holding back how?
Rika: Holding yourself back from touching me.
Masaya: W-Well, I dunno...
I doubt I'm fooling anyone.
Rika: U-Umm... I was actually wondering if you might touch me...
Sh-She was?
B-But then...
Shit. I fucked up.
I COULD'VE JUST GRABBED HER ASS!
Rika: But I know you like being teased, Masaya-san, so I thought it was better to not say anything...
Masaya: R-Right...
She really took that conversation to heart, huh?
Rika: However, I also realized that you wouldn't dare touch me while I was holding a knife, especially with the tournament coming up...
Masaya: ......
Rika: I'm so embarrassed... I was having such perverted thoughts while you were just worrying about my safety the whole time...
Man, am I ever glad I didn't touch her.
If I did, I may have lost her trust as a coach.
Rika: Thank you for looking out for me. I feel extremely grateful.
I'm really, <i>really</i> glad I didn't touch her.
Masaya: Oh, no... I'm glad you felt that way.
What do I even say here?
Rika: I'm sorry. I wanted to thank you, but I just ended up worrying you more.
Masaya: Oh no, you don't need to apologize. Your swimsuit apron was real sexy, so I'm more than satisfied.
Rika: Maybe, but it was still extremely foolish of me. I only focused on making you happy and ignored any potential risks involved. I'll reflect on my mistakes and strive to do better in the future.
Here comes her diligent side again...
Masaya: You don't need to reflect or anything...
Rika: ......
Masaya: Let's just do our best at the tournament.
Rika: Huh? Oh, yes. I will.
I look up.
Masaya: Once the tournament is over and we have time... maybe, um, you can just make me sandwiches or something?
Rika: Huh...? Oh, okay!
Rika gives me an enthusiastic nod.
Rika: I'll wear the swimsuit apron and cook something simple.
Masaya: S-Sounds good...
Rika: Th-Thank you...
She bows.
Rika: You're still looking out for me, even now. You're ever so kind, Masaya-san.
Man, she has a <i>really</i> good opinion of me.
Rika looks up.
Rika: Summer will end soon, and then we have the fall tournament on the horizon.
Masaya: Yep, it's already right in front of us.
Rika: I wish we had more time...
Masaya: Oh? Are you nervous?
That would make sense, though I've never heard her wish for more time. I'm a little surprised.
Maybe she's still not comfortable about the idea of facing Kurobuchi?
Rika: It's not that I'm nervous about the match... It's just been so much fun spending time with you, working toward the same goal, that I wish things could stay this way.
Masaya: They will.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: We'll keep on working toward our goals together. Don't you worry.
Rika: R-Right!
She gives me a serious nod, then smiles sweetly.
★: Rika Extra 01 -- End
I hear water splashing.
Asuka: I'm, really, <i>really</i> sorry!
Rika: Oh no, um, I really don't mind...
Asuka: ......
Rika: Um, Asuka-san?
Asuka: You're so mature, Rika-chan...
Rika: Huh?
Asuka: I'm like a child next to you.
Rika: Oh no, I'm not all that mature. Someone tugging on my arm is enough to bring me to tears...
Asuka: You think Rika-chan's more mature than me, don't you, Coach?
Masaya: Yeah, I'd say she probably is.
Rika: No, you're wrong. Asuka-san is far more mature than me, Masaya-san.
Masaya: ...Maybe.
Asuka: I got her completely covered in mud, but she forgave me instantly. That makes Rika-chan <i>way</i> more mature than me, don't you think, Coach?
Masaya: ...Yeah.
Man, I almost made a sleazy joke that Asuka's chest is the more mature of the two.
Things could've gotten <i>real</i> ugly if I actually said it.
Rika: Are you even paying attention, Masaya-san? You need to take this seriously.
Masaya: I am, but like, why am I even here?
I'm in the changing room of the bathroom Rika and Asuka are in, sitting on the floor with my back to the semi-transparent door separating us. Not sure if I should feel happy or sad about this situation...
Asuka: You never know when you might need your coach.
Rika: That's right. We might end up talking about FC, so we need you waiting in the wings, Masaya-san.
Seriously?!
God, I just wanna crash through this damn door...
But that'd kill all the trust I've built up, so I've gotta hold back.
A single thin door separates me from two completely naked beauties. I feel like I'm about to break out in a sweat just sitting here.
Masaya: So like, aren't you guys basically sexually harassing me right now?
Asuka: Huh? How?
Masaya: How? Isn't it obvious?
I throw her question right back at her.
Rika: Asuka-san and I are soaking in the bath, while you're on the other side of the door. What part of this is sexual harassment?
Masaya: Hm... Okay, well, what if me and Prez were in the bath, and you were sitting in the changing room. How would that make you feel?
Asuka: Huh? I'd just talk to you normally.
Rika: If you walked out into the changing room fully naked, then that would be sexual harassment, but since that's not the case...
Asuka: I'd probably just think you're having fun.
Uh, what? That's not the answer I expected at all.
Rika: So then, Masaya-san's the only one who's having perverted thoughts.
Asuka: Whaaat?! H-He is?! So then, that means the ones being sexually harassed are...
Rika: Us...
Masaya: How'd you arrive at that conclusion?! I'm not thinking anything dirty!
Well, okay, I was, but they're better off not knowing.
I'm nowhere near brave enough to let them in on my recent thought process.
Asuka: Uh, then what's the problem?
Rika: I don't see one.
Masaya: ...You're right.
I want to object, but I know that's pointless, so I just feebly nod.
How did it end up like this, you ask?
I was in the clubroom earlier after the day's practice...
I'd borrowed some DVDs from Aoi-san that focused on Skywalkers who fought dirty.
Rika mentioned that watching DVDs wasn't good enough, so she asked me to sit with her and explain as the video played.
Asuka, who was with us, asked to join in on the lesson.
But on our way back, we got caught up in the rain.
Asuka lost her footing and ended up charging head-first into a puddle.
Rika tried to save her by grabbing her wrist, but that only ended up getting her dragged into the mud as well.
And, as luck would have it, an avalanche of mud went sliding down the slope at that exact moment.
It coated the two of them to a point where they looked worse for wear than a couple of kids who went mud wrestling.
I was just wet from the rain, so all I needed was a towel and a change of clothes. However, the same didn't apply for the two girls.
And so, the two of them decided to take a bath at the Ichinose household.
Though, they only got in after ordering me to wait in the changing room.
What the hell are they thinking...?
Masaya: ......
It's taking everything I have to hold myself back.
I'm imagining a raunchy porno where the door gives in and I fall back into their soft breasts. God, I wish that were me.
Unfortunately, reality isn't so kind.
Man, this sucks...
Asuka: I'm really, <i>really</i> sorry!
Rika: Oh no, um, I really don't mind... What's done is done. There's no point discussing it again.
Asuka: No, not about that. I'm sorry I worried you.
Rika: Huh? What do you mean?
Asuka: You know, when we were practicing the other day. The moment the idea came into my head, I was like <i>Okay, I have to do this!</i> I know everything after that was a mess, so I'm sorry! I'm really, <i>really</i> sorry!
Rika: What? You don't need to apologize. I'll admit it caught me a little off-guard, but it was something I needed. I should be thanking you, if anything.
Asuka: No, I need to apologize! I know it helped you, but I still took things too far!
Rika: B-But...
I can tell Rika's being cornered by Asuka's intense apologies.
Oh, now I get it.
This is why Rika stationed me out here.
She wanted me here to help keep Asuka in check, since she tends to get carried away pretty easily.
Hm, guess that means I should try to smooth things over.
Masaya: Listen, Rika's saying it's okay, so why don't we leave it at that?
Asuka: But...
Masaya: We managed to figure out a way to counter Kurobuchi thanks to you, so I'm sure Rika's real grateful.
Rika: Masaya-san's right. I feel like I owe you a lot.
Asuka: But...
Masaya: I get how you feel, but Rika isn't holding any of that against you. All these apologies are making it seem like you don't believe her.
Asuka: B-But I do trust her!
Masaya: Okay, then let's end this conversation here, yeah?
Asuka: ...Okay. Just let me say one last thing, then. I'm sorry for saying so many mean things to you.
Rika: In that case, allow me to thank you for practicing with me.
Phew... Guess I did a good job.
Time to take my leave...
Asuka: ...There!
Rika: Eek!
Huh?!
Masaya: Wh-What's the matter?!
Asuka: Hehehe... You can't get away from me...
Rika: Noooooo!
I hear water splashing out of the bathtub and bodies crashing into the walls.
Masaya: Are you guys okay? What the hell's happening in there?!
I should get in there and help...
I mean, that scream means Rika in real danger, right?
But given their lack of clothes, I'm not sure that excuse will fly.
Asuka: Hehehe!
Rika: Eek!
Masaya: Talk to me, guys! What's wrong?!
Rika: Asuka-san! Asuka-san is...!
Masaya: What about her?!
Asuka: There's no point calling for help, Rika-chan. Masaya-san wouldn't dare intrude.
Rika: Aww...
Asuka: Give it up! In a confined space like this, an All-Rounder like me has a huge advantage over Speeders like you!
Rika: Eek!
Asuka: Take this, and this, and this!
Rika: Noooooooooooo!
Masaya: Seriously, someone just tell me what the hell is happening!
Rika: My chest... Asuka-san's... Oh no!
Asuka: Heh...
Masaya: What's happening to your chest, Rika?!
Rika: Asuka-san's fondling it!
Masaya: WHAT THE FUCK?!
You've gotta be kidding me!
I start shaking. Every single hair on my body stands on end.
Two girls are in the bath right now, naked, with one groping the other's tits...
I can't believe this is really happening right now. I'm losing my mind. This is the stuff of dreams!
Masaya: Wh-Why is such a wonderful--
Rika: This isn't wonderful at all!
Masaya: Sorry, I misspoke.
Rika: How exactly did you manage to do that?!
Shit. She's onto me. Better change the topic.
Masaya: Asuka! Why are you being violent with her?!
Asuka: Rika-chan's boobs are all smooth and soft. They feel great!
Masaya: I-I didn't ask for your impressions! Tell me why you're even doing this!
Asuka: Because her boobs are right there?
She sounds just like George Mallory.
Rika: Has Asuka-san always been like this?
Masaya: Well, I've never heard her talk about liking boobs before or anything...
I'm sure rumors would've spread by now if she swung that way.
Asuka: When you were speaking for Rika-chan earlier, I realized how well you understand each other.
Rika: I-I'm not sure that's how that relates to this situation.
Masaya: Yeah, that doesn't explain why you're groping Rika's tits!
Asuka: Well... it made me feel a little jealous.
Rika: You're jealous?
Asuka: Yeah... I didn't want to let this chance to get even pass by, so I decided to punish you here and now!
Rika: P-Please don't!
Asuka: I <i>could</i> stop, but then how would I work out my jealousy?
Rika: D-Don't ask me that. Besides, you and Masaya-san are so in sync that it makes me jealous, too!
Asuka: Don't resist. Just give in.
Rika: P-Please let me resist! M-Masaya-san! What do I do?!
Masaya: W-Well, I can't exactly bust in to help, can I?
Rika: Th-That would make things even worse...
Masaya: Then you've gotta fight, Rika.
Rika: I do?!
Masaya: Right now, you're too caught up on the typical definitions of what makes a person a Speeder, Fighter, or All-Rounder.
Rika: Huh?
Masaya: If you don't show that you know how to deal with dogfights, people will keep trying to pick on you. You need to be willing to counterattack when given the slightest opportunity, or you'll never escape this cycle.
Rika: Y-You're right.
Masaya: This is especially true for players who like to play rough. They never give up when they think they have the advantage. You may be a Speeder, but that doesn't mean you can just run away the whole time.
Rika: U-Understood. Then I'll assault Asuka-san's massive mounds, too!
Wh-What that hell?! Man, why am I not in there?!
Asuka: Think you can take me, Rika-chan?
Rika: I can. There!
Asuka: Wait, no... Eek!
Rika: I just launched a feint on her. That will teach her not to underestimate me...! Wow, they're so light and fluffy... I'm speechless.
Masaya: Nice! That's it, Rika!
Yeah, I bet they're <i>real</i> nice...
Rika: I've always been jealous of Asuka-san's massive breasts, so I'll take this chance to work out my resentment.
Asuka: Th-There's nothing special about having big boobs, really.
Rika: Th-The way you casually threw that out is making me even more jealous!
Masaya: Go, Rika!
I'm not sure I should be encouraging this, but I can't help myself.
Asuka: I won't lose!
Rika: Neither will I!
Rika: Haaah, baths are so relaxing...
Asuka: They feel <i>really</i> great, don't they?
Rika: You enjoy long baths too, Asuka-san?
Asuka: Yes. Sometimes, I find myself spacing out and end up all dizzy from the heat.
Rika: I... can imagine that. Seems like something you would do, Asuka-san.
Asuka: Hey, that's mean!
The two of them have finally settled down to relax in the bath.
I breathe a slow sigh, making sure they don't hear me.
I can't believe they were groping each other behind this thin door....
Man, that was a dream come true...
Masaya: You don't need me here, right?
Rika: Oh, since you're already here, please stay until the very end.
Asuka: So, you really <i>do</i> love Rika-chan, huh?
Rika: Huh...?!
Masaya: Why would you bring that up?!
Asuka: Because you were cheering Rika-chan on the whole time. It wouldn't have killed you to cheer for me a little, you know?
Masaya: W-Well, uh... it just sort of happened. Plus, Rika was clearly at a disadvantage!
Asuka: You should just admit how much you love Rika-chan!
Masaya: Oh, um...
Rika: P-Please stop... This is embarrassing.
Asuka: Oh, <i>come on,</i> let me tease you a little.
Rika: But...
Asuka: The way you're blushing is <i>really</i> cute!
Rika: I-I'm not... Well, I am, but... I need to thank you!
Asuka: Huh? What for?
Rika: You were looking out for me again just now, weren't you? You know my mental fortitude isn't quite there yet, so you were trying to help me improve it.
Asuka: ......
Sh-She was? And here I thought she was just getting carried away.
Rika: I'm right, aren't I? The two of you were looking out for me.
Masaya: Y-Yeah, totally...
I was real horny, so my mind wasn't all that clear, but I guess you could say that... maybe.
Rika: I should've known that Masaya-san is always thinking about FC.
Asuka: That's our coach for you! To think I was just acting jealous, Rika-chan...
Masaya: Haha, hahaha...
A dry laugh escapes my lips.
Rika: I never would have realized I had a weakness like that on my own.
Why does she have such a frank personality?
Rika: I want to improve more. I want to get far stronger.
Asuka: Yeah, and I think you can do it, Rika-chan, so I'll be rooting for you all the way!
Rika: ...Thank you very much, Asuka-san.
Asuka: You know, you should be thanking Masaya-san, not me.
Rika: You're right. You're always looking out for me, Masaya-san. Thank you very much.
Masaya: Don't thank me, Rika. If you weren't trying to improve, none of my work would matter. Really, you should be praising yourself.
Rika: I have so many people looking out for me...
Asuka: Only because you're such a good girl, Rika-chan.
Rika: Oh no, I'm...
Asuka: Grr, how can you be such a good girl...
Rika: Huh?!
Asuka: It makes me want to continue where we left off!
Masaya: You better not. I'm at my limit here.
Asuka: What's that supposed to mean, Masaya-san? You aren't moving, so you shouldn't be tired...
Masaya: Oh, uh... Well, you know...
Man, Asuka's <i>way</i> too innocent! How am I supposed to respond?!
Rika: ...I think Masaya-san means he's suffering because he's getting horny.
Asuka: Huuuh? He is?
Masaya: I, uh, guess that might be part of it...
Rika: It's because your breasts are so large and captivating, Asuka-san.
Masaya: No, I think you have pretty great tits too, Rika.
Shit! I tried to praise her because I thought things were heading in a dangerous direction, but I just made things <i>way</i> worse! What the hell is wrong with me?!
Rika: Ah...!
Asuka: I see... I seeee...
Rika: Wh-What do you see?
Asuka: You're so mature, Rika-chan...
Rika: Please don't say that! I-It's embarrassing.
Yeah, this is pretty damn embarrassing.
Asuka: And not just you, Rika-chan. I can picture how badly Masaya-san is blushing right now.
Masaya: I am <i>not</i> blushing.
Shit, my voice just cracked.
Asuka: I think the two of you need a little more mental training.
Rika: Aww...
I can hear a small giggle escape from Asuka on the other side of the door.
★: Rika Extra 02 -- End
I spread out on the bed and stretch out my arm.
Rika: Whoa, i-is this this an arm pillow? Is that what you want to do?
Masaya: That was the plan, yeah.
Rika: Does that mean you're fine with me resting my head on your arm, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Yeah, my arm's your pillow.
Rika: O-Okay...
Rika gives me an enthusiastic nod.
Rika: In that case... here I go!
Rika's eyes glisten as she nuzzles her head into my arm.
Her scent, which is tinged with the alluring scent of her shampoo, gets my heart racing.
Rika: Hehehehe...
Rika giggles as she bounces her head on top of my arm.
Rika: The fact that you're doing this for me is, uh, well... I think it's wonderful.
Masaya: I'm happy to hear that. Though honestly, it's really no big deal.
Rika: Oh, but it is. I'm delighted.
Masaya: I've never done this before, so I dunno if I've got my arm in the right position.
Maybe there's some special trick to this that I haven't figured out yet.
Rika: This is my first time as well, but I'm sure we're doing it right.
She nuzzles her head into my arm again.
Rika: Your arm makes a wonderful pillow, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Let me know if the bone digs into you or the bumps of my muscles feel weird.
Rika: Oh, don't worry. Everything's fine.
Rika immediately shakes her head to ward off my concerned words.
Rika: My head isn't too heavy, is it? I wouldn't want your arm to go numb.
Masaya: I'm totally fine here.
She rolls her head around on my arm in an attempt to confirm my answer.
Rika: It's weird, having my head on your arm makes me think of how manly you are...
Masaya: What do you mean?
Rika: It feels much thicker and longer than my arm. Plus, it's all firm and muscled... It makes me feel safe and, uh... aroused.
Masaya: A-Aroused?!
Rika: Huh? Oh, n-no, not that!
Rika's eyes shoot wide open as she panics.
Rika: N-No, that wasn't what meant! Or well... th-that was an extreme version of what I actually meant to say, so let me correct myself. Please. You have to.
Masaya: O-Okay.
Rika: Well, it excites me... That's fine, right?
Masaya: Y-Yeah, sounds pretty innocent to me.
Rika: ......
Rika's brow creases as she thinks to herself.
Rika: ...This is all very relieving. How does it make you feel?
Masaya: Feels relieving for me too.
I'm relieved that it's relieving for her.
Rika breathes a sigh of relief.
Rika: Well, I'm relieved we found an answer.
Masaya: So, you were saying this situation's got you all excited, right?
Rika: O-Oh, um, yes... I-Is that strange?
Masaya: I don't think so.
Rika: Yeah, of course it isn't. Any normal person would be excited by the chance to be by your side, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Uh, I'm pretty sure most people <i>wouldn't,</i> actually.
Like, 99.999999999999% of people, even.
Rika: This situation has me curious... Does being this close to me... e-excite you?
Masaya: O-Oh, uh... it <i>definitely</i> does.
Rika: Thank goodness... I was getting depressed there, thinking I was alone on that front.
She gives me a pointed look.
Rika: But please don't misunderstand. I really am happy that we get to do this together.
Masaya: Same here.
Rika: ...Right.
Masaya: Back on topic, though, my arm isn't too hard, is it? It's not hurting your head or anything?
Rika aims a gentle smile at me.
Rika: It's just perfect, like it was made for my head.
She lies on her side to get an unobstructed view of my face.
Rika: I'd love to use your arm as a pillow every day. I'm certain it would help me sleep better.
Masaya: Sounds like this was a successful experiment, then.
Rika: I want to take your arm home with me.
Masaya: Uh, you're starting to sound kinda creepy...
Rika: What, you mean you can't just detach?
Masaya: Obviously not.
Rika breathes a short sigh.
Rika: I can't believe I'm beside you in bed, using your arm as a pillow. This feels so surreal.
Masaya: Really.
Rika: Yes, really.
Rika chuckles.
Rika: It's hard enough to believe we're actually dating, and now we're doing this... That's why it doesn't feel very real.
Masaya: I dunno about that. I'd say this is all pretty vivid. And I'm glad that we're going out, too.
Rika pouts.
Rika: Come on, that's not what I'm trying to say... I'm glad we're going out too, you know? It's just that this all feels strange.
Masaya: You think?
Rika: Did you ever think we'd end up like this after how we met? I <i>definitely</i> didn't.
Masaya: Obviously not... Well, actually, maybe there was some small part of me that did...
Rika: Did you feel that way from the moment I moved in next door?
Masaya: Nah. Can't say it was love at first sight or anything...
Rika: Maybe it was the soba that won you over? Though, Mashiro-chan would probably be furious if she heard that...
Masaya: Haha, the food didn't make me fall for you, Rika.
Rika nods to herself.
Rika: Well, then it must have been when you peeked on me changing... right?
Masaya: Oh, <i>come on!</i> It sounds like you're assuming that's the case already!
I started speaking all formally, feeling guilty about peeking on her, even though it was a complete accident.
Rika: Hehehe, I'm sorry.
Rika presses her head into my arm.
Rika: There's probably no point bringing this up now, but... I <i>really</i> didn't like you at first, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Yeah, I know. I could tell. Like, your face kinda cramped up whenever you saw me.
Rika: I-I just didn't know what kind of person you were. It was all a misunderstanding!
Masaya: Well, there was also that time at the training camp where you left as soon as humanly possible...
Rika: I-I was trying to get you to stop teasing me!
Rika presses her head back against my arm like she's trying to crush it.
Rika: Like I said, I misread your personality entirely. I had no idea you were so kind.
Masaya: R-Right.
That's kinda embarrassing. Not really sure how to react...
She glares at me.
Rika: I know now that you were just teasing me...
Rika's overly straightforward nature makes it hard for her to keep her emotions in check, which causes a lot of trouble.
Her personality might not ever change, but I feel like things are at least heading in a positive direction.
Rika: So I feel like I was very rude to you.
Rika: That's why it's so strange that we're in a relationship now.
Masaya: I guess. But hey, maybe you need a little conflict to make relationships work.
Rika: Oh?
Masaya: Like, two people will never agree on <i>absolutely</i> everything, so being able to make up and still love each other after a fight is the mark of a strong relationship.
Rika: I guess you're right...
The smile vanishes from Rika's face as she reaches out a hand and places it against my chest.
Masaya: What's up?
Rika: Um...
She's gently stroking my chest with her fingertips.
Rika: I want to talk about FC? Is that fine?
Masaya: Sure, go for it.
Rika: Am I... um, getting stronger?
Masaya: You sure are. Anyone who knew you before would say the same thing.
Rika: I wasn't trying to suggest I'm worried about your coaching or anything.
Masaya: ......
Rika: It's just, um... I've been doing everything as you've instructed, but I can't really tell, which has made me feel anxious... Sorry, I can't really explain it.
Masaya: It's fine. Honestly, I doubt many people could even explain it that well. You're getting stronger, Rika. You can trust me on that one.
Rika: Okay, thank you very much. But...
Rika falls silent. Wonder what she wants to say?
Masaya: ...Is this about Kurobuchi?
Rika: Y-Yes. I can't stop thinking about her...
One of the main goals of our practice is getting rid of Rika's anxieties.
Maybe it hasn't been working well?
Rika: I can't forgive her for what she did to Satouin-senpai and Asuka-san.
Masaya: I know. I'm with you there.
Rika: That's not all, though... My playstyle is completely different from hers, which is what bothers me so much.
Rika's style has become less obvious recently, but she's still a very by-the-book player. On the other hand, Kurobuchi plays rough, to put it mildly.
Rika: Honestly, I'm scared of Kurobuchi-san.
Masaya: Makes sense...
Rika: I know I have to get over it, and that's what we're training for, but... part of me is still terrified of her.
Masaya: Hm...
The day Kurobuchi gave Satouin-san and the rest of the Takafuji team concussions...
...I hugged Rika as she trembled.
Our anti-Kurobuchi training plan may be helping somewhat, but it's clear some of that fear still resides within Rika.
Rika: Why do you think Kurobuchi-san chose that playstyle?
Masaya: I'm honestly not sure. If she'd just chosen to play rough, I could understand why, since that would increase her chances of winning.
Rika: Wait, really?
Masaya: Yeah. Amateurs tend to look down on people who play dirty, and there's barely anyone willing to teach that style, so stuff like that is usually only used by pros.
Rika: Right.
Masaya: And because barely anyone plays that way, no one trains to specifically counter it. That means if you choose to play dirty, you have a much better shot of winning.
Throwing in the occasional rougher tactic like Shindou-san is one thing, but if you completely devote yourself to the craft, it's hard for anyone who plays fair to beat you.
Masaya: Thing is, it doesn't seem like Kurobuchi's concerned with winning at all.
Rika: You're right. In that last practice match I had with Asuka-san, she tried to mimic Kurobuchi-san's style, right?
Masaya: Yeah. She pulled it off pretty well, too.
Rika: You even said her playstyle was fundamentally the same as Kurobuchi-san's.
Masaya: Fundamentally the same...? Oh, I get it.
I'm a total idiot. I've just been contradicting myself.
Rika: Oh?
Masaya: Her style was fundamentally the same, but there was an obvious difference.
Rika: Right.
Rika's face tenses up.
Rika: Asuka-san was playing to win, her provocations included, but I don't think Kurobuchi-san cares about winning or losing.
Masaya: Come to think about it, she did cheat so much that she got kicked out of the summer tournament.
She made sure her floats bumped into her opponent right after the start of the match, and because of the timing, the referee was bound to see it.
If she was trying to use that technique to gain an advantage, she would've saved it for a dogfight to make it look like an accident.
If she was trying to win, doing it at the start would've been a dumb idea.
Rika: I didn't see the match, but I heard about it from Satouin-senpai. If I was in her opponent's shoes, I wouldn't have known how to handle her at all.
Most people train as hard as they can to win matches, but Kurobuchi doesn't care about that in any way, shape, or form.
Rika: But now, thanks to you and everyone else who's practiced with me, I'm confident that I can hold my own against a rough player.
Masaya: ......
Rika: But when it comes to an opponent who's trying to completely ruin a match... Well, the idea of facing someone like that terrifies me.
Masaya: Hm... It's better not to think too hard, honestly.
Rika: What do you mean?
Masaya: All you have to do is win, Rika.
Rika: Huh?
She seems to be disappointed by my comment.
Rika: W-Well I guess that's obvious, but... Kurobuchi doesn't even care about winning, so how am I--
Masaya: Rika.
I stare at Rika as I curl my arm around behind her head to bop the top of it.
Rika: M-Masaya-san?
Masaya: Quit thinking like that. You're falling into Kurobuchi's trap.
Rika: Huh? Wh-What do you mean?
Masaya: It doesn't matter what her actual goal is. If you're already stressing over it, anxious about what she might do in the match...
Rika: ......
Masaya: Well, that just makes it easier for her to mess with you.
Rika: ...Oh.
Masaya: If you get caught up in her trap and read too far into things, you'll essentially be committing suicide out there.
Rika: ...You're right.
Masaya: Kurobuchi excels at provoking her opponents.
And I doubt that's due to natural talent.
Masaya: I'm not really sure if Kurobuchi's thought that far ahead, but that doesn't change anything.
Rika stares at me, seemingly amazed.
Rika: That was a close call...
Sure was.
Masaya: You play FC, Rika. Forget about Kurobuchi for a moment. What's your goal in a match?
Rika: My goal in a match? Well, winning, of course.
Masaya: Exactly. That's the very basis of the match, and the reason why everyone works so hard. If you forget that, you'll end up in the same position as Kurobuchi.
Rika: You mean I'll lose sight of the true purpose of a match?
Masaya: Mhm. And if that happens, Kurobuchi will have a huge advantage.
Rika: I see. I've been worrying about meaningless things this whole time...
Masaya: You have. Listen, winning or losing isn't always the most important part of a match, but if you don't go in aiming to win, then you may as well not participate.
Rika: I see...
You can learn things through losing, or even feel satisfied because you gave it your best shot.
But you have to play to win for any of that to happen.
If you don't, it doesn't matter how hard you try. You'll never learn, and you'll never feel satisfied.
Masaya: Even if Kurobuchi's aim is to ruin the match, you have to go out there to win.
Rika: Okay.
Masaya: I've said this before, but you should try to find the fun in your matches, no matter your opponent.
Rika: ......
Masaya: I doubt it's easy to actually enjoy a match with the person who hurt Asuka and Satouin-san, but I still want you to try.
Rika: ......
Masaya: I think having the strength to enjoy it is a good thing, Rika.
Rika: ...Asuka-san would have no problem enjoying it, right?
Masaya: Well, yeah. That's just how she is. Still, there's no point comparing yourself to her.
Rika: No matter what Kurobuchi-san is planning, I will defeat her. And if possible, I'll have fun doing it... Is that fine?
Masaya: Yeah, that's great. You can do it, Rika.
Rika: R-Right, I'll do my best...! Pfft, hehe, hehehe...
Rika starts cracking up.
Masaya: Uh, what?
I thought we were having a serious conversation.
Rika: Hehe, hehehe, hehe, hehehehe...
What's so funny?
Rika: I know I'm the one who brought it up, but... hehehe, it's kind of silly that we're talking about FC while we're in each other's arms.
Masaya: Yeah, this probably isn't what most people would consider pillow talk.
It <i>is</i> kinda funny.
Rika: Still, I think this situation helped me relax and talk about my worries. Thank you for hearing me out.
Masaya: You don't need to thank me. I'm down to hear you out anytime.
Rika: ......
Rika starts stroking my chest again.
Masaya: Uh, what are you doing?
Rika: Well, we're already down on a bed together, so I thought I'd try to get a rise out of you, Masaya-san. I'd get excited if you were touching my chest, so I figured it might work the same in reverse.
Masaya: You're trying to excite me?
Rika: Yes.
She gives me an energetic nod.
Rika: So, is it working?
Masaya: Nah, having my chest stroked doesn't really do it for me.
Rika: It doesn't?
Masaya: If you wanna get me excited, then...
Rika: Mm?! Mmmph, ah!
I turn Rika's face toward me and kiss her.
Rika: Mmmph, ah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Y-You startled me.
Masaya: This is <i>way</i> more exciting.
Rika: It gets me excited too... U-Um, Masaya-san... c-can I make the next move?
Masaya: Y-Yeah, go right ahead.
Rika: Mm... Mwah...
Rika presses her lips up against mine.
Rika: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Our mouths part, at which point she stares at me through glazed eyes.
It's a gaze that turns my heart to mush.
Rika: W-Would you like to make out a little?
Masaya: ...You think I'm gonna stop at "a little"?
Rika: I don't mind if we don't.
Masaya: Good.
Rika: I-In that case... Mmmph, mmm... Haaah, haaah, mmm... M-Masaya-san.
Her words cloud my judgment as I pull her into a tight embrace.
★: Rika Extra 03 -- End
Rika: Things... feel a little different today.
Masaya: ...Yeah, I was thinking the exact same thing.
Rika shuffles away from me slightly.
Rika: There's no real reason, but the fact that we're dating seems to have finally hit home.
Masaya: ......
Rika: ...Um, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Oh, yeah, agreed.
I'm lying through my teeth here.
For whatever reason, my actual thoughts right now are pretty damn dirty.
And it's hard not to feel guilty about that when Rika comes off as being so innocent.
Rika: It's strange.
Rika looks up at the ceiling as she says that, apparently meaning it from the bottom of her heart.
Rika: Until very recently, you were someone I was wary of.
Masaya: Well, I <i>did</i> leave a pretty bad first impression.
Not sure if it could've even been worse.
It's a total miracle that we ended up with each other after all that.
Should I be thanking god, or cursing him for his seemingly fickle temperament?
I think, on a personal level, I'm grateful, since I've got such a cute girlfriend now.
Masaya: Are you happy about this strange situation, Rika?
Rika: Masaya-san...?
Rika looks offended by my question.
Rika: You do realize you shouldn't ask a question you already know the answer to, don't you?
Masaya: Huh...?
Rika leans into me once more.
Rika: Isn't it obvious that I'm happy...?
Then, she rubs her cheek against my chest.
Masaya: Aaaaaah!
She's just so damn adorable that I can't help but groan.
I feel like my desire for Rika is slowly overwhelming me.
Rika: I've already told you just how much I love you, Masaya-san.
Masaya: ...Yeah, you're right.
I remember it clearly.
Still, it's something I want to hear her say again and again.
Rika: If you know that, then you shouldn't question my feelings again...
Masaya: Okay, my bad.
Rika: I'll always love you, Masaya-san.
"I love you" is such a powerful phrase.
No matter how many times I hear it, I always feel like I've been struck by a bolt of lightning.
It's almost like a powerful curse.
But not one I want lifted.
Masaya: I want to be with you forever, Rika.
Rika: I feel the exact same way...
Masaya: So, I want us to get a lot closer, if that's okay with you.
Rika: ......
Rika: Masaya-san...
Masaya: Rika...
Rika goes bright red, but continues to look me straight in the eyes. Guess she was expecting this.
Rika: ...Okay.
She gives me a resolute response, then presses her lips against mine.
Unable to hold back, Rika reaches out and starts clinging to me.
And so, we continue this exchange of kisses for what seems like an eternity...
★: Rika Extra 04 -- End
===========================aokana-hscenes.bs5===========================
And then, it just kind of happens.
I follow Asuka's lead and gently stroke her chest.

Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka's body jumps.
And after that, she retreats onto the bed to escape my clutches.
Masaya: A-Asuka?
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... I-I'm sorry, it's nothing.
Asuka: I was just surprised that you went for my chest...
Masaya: O-Oh, that was...
Asuka: I-I know, I touched yours first, so you haven't done anything wrong...
Asuka's panting as she stares at me with a bewildered expression on her face.
Her large, round breasts jiggle slightly, which draws my gaze.
Masaya: Asuka... I...
Asuka: Yes?
Masaya: I wanna touch them again...
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka's eyes widen.
Asuka: What...? Y-You're going to touch them?
Asuka: You aren't... just talking about stroking them again, right?
Masaya: Mhm... I'll probably do a lot more this time around.
Asuka: Eek...
Asuka yelps upon hearing my response.
Asuka: I-If you do that, I'll lose my mind...
Yeah, and she won't be the only one...
Still, not doing anything would be even worse.
Asuka: Y-You're that desperate to touch them?
Masaya: ...Yeah.
Asuka: Oh... That's so straightforward...
Asuka's shoulders suddenly droop. Guess she's given up.
Asuka: Haaah... Well, fine. This feels <i>really</i> embarrassing, but if it's what you want.
Asuka relaxes her body, which leaves her wide open.
Masaya: Well, don't mind if I do...
I get onto the bed and move toward Asuka.
Asuka: Y-You're so close...
I carefully examine her breasts.
My overall impression has always been that they're big, but maybe that's an understatement.
Asuka: P-Please don't stare... It's very embarrassing...
Masaya: Sorry... It's just kinda hard when they look this good... Man, I <i>really</i> wanna touch them.
Asuka: Y-You're going to touch them already?! O-Okay, go ahead...
Oh man...
I palm her breasts with both my hands.
Asuka: Ah...!
Asuka lets out a sharp cry as her body tenses.
Man, these feel all hot and soft even with her clothes in the way.
Guess her heart's racing.
Asuka: Ah, M-Masaya-san, you can't... massage them!
Masaya: Huh? Why not?
Asuka: My heart's already beating a mile a minute. If you start massaging them now, I'll have a heart attack!
Masaya: Hm, that's a problem... I don't want you dead, but I <i>do</i> want to see you get even more turned on.
And so...
Asuka: Huh? Wait, I just said...
I move my hands in a circular motion to knead her breasts.
Asuka: Ah... Ahhh!
Asuka throws her head back a little when her body begins to tremble.
Masaya: Wow, you're adorable...
Her reaction makes me wanna do more.
Asuka: I-I told you not to do that... Stop!
I keep kneading her breasts over and over, adding a little more strength each time.
Asuka: Ahhh, mhhh, aaah...!
Asuka lets out an even louder moan this time despite her protests.
Her feverish breaths brush over my hands, making my excitement swell.
Asuka: Masaya-san, please... Y-You need to stop! I'll start hating you if you don't listen!
Masaya: Huh?
Asuka: Ah...! No, I don't mean that. There's no way I'd ever start hating you, but, um...
Asuka: I might get upset... I'm sorry.
Asuka corrects herself.
Masaya: ...Fine. I'll stop for now.
Asuka: Th-Thank you... I'm sorry.
Masaya: But instead...
Asuka: Huh?
A moment later, I grasp the hem of her clothes and start sliding them up.
Asuka: No, wait, Masaya-san, I didn't mean...
I ignore her protests and quickly push her top off.
Asuka: N-Nooo!
Asuka's large, bra-clad breasts, are now exposed.
Asuka: Th-This is so embarrassing!
Masaya: Why?
Asuka: I-Isn't that obvious? No man's ever seen me like this before...
...Damn, that's a huge turn-on.
Masaya: Yeah, you're right. I'm getting to see parts of you that you've kept hidden for so long...
Asuka: D-Don't say that out loud!
Masaya: Can I touch them?
Asuka: Y-You know, you're being pretty forceful...
Yeah, I know. And I'm <i>really</i> sorry about all this.
It's just, I can't control myself when you get like this...
Masaya: I'm gonna touch them...
I move in before receiving her blessing.
Asuka: Ahhh!
This time, there's a lot less cloth between my hands and her breasts.
Asuka: I-I can feel your hands, aaah... directly now...
Yeah, and it's <i>way</i> better like this.
Masaya: Your breasts are <i>really</i> hot.
Oddly enough, they're a lot sweatier than soft.
Guess she's just as turned on as I am.
Asuka: I-Is that enough for you, Masaya-san? I can't take much more...
Asuka sounds a little scared.
And unfortunately, that just makes me want to tease her.
Masaya: Oh, I'm almost done... I'm just gonna give them one last squeeze...
As I say that, I sink my fingers right into the middle of her breasts.
Asuka: Aaahhh!
Asuka's body bounces like a ball.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...!
She looks startled.
Asuka: Y-You just touched me... in a weird place... didn't you?
Masaya: Huh? What do you mean?
Asuka: You shouldn't be asking that when you know <i>exactly</i> what I mean!
Asuka: I'm talking about, um... the tips... of my breasts...
Masaya: I see. I didn't notice.
...Sorry, Asuka. I usually never lie, but I seem to be doing it nonstop right now.
Honestly, I touched that place on purpose.
Masaya: I didn't notice when I touched them, so...
Asuka: Uh... I already have a bad feeling about this, but go on...
Masaya: ...I wanna seem them with my own eyes.
Asuka: Huh?!
Asuka mouth flaps like a fish.
Asuka: Uhhh...
On second thought, she looks more like a terrified puppy.
Masaya: You've got nothing to be afraid of.
Asuka: B-But if you take off my bra, I'll have nothing covering them...
Asuka: I get told they're big all the time, so I don't really want anyone seeing them...
Asuka: And if it's you, of all people, I'd burn right up.
First death, now burning... Overdramatic much?
Masaya: I get how you feel, but I really, <i>really</i> wanna see them.
Asuka: Ugh... You're not going to give up, are you?
Masaya: Of course not. I love you, so I wanna get to know everything there is to learn about you.
After I say that, I place my hand on her cheeks and plant a light kiss on her lips.
Asuka: Mmm... Mmmph...
Masaya: So show me.
Asuka: Ah... Ahhh...
Asuka looks at me with glazed eyes.
Asuka: I can't say no when you ask me like that... Go on...
Her voice is low and hoarse. It's kinda sexy.
Masaya: Okay...
I proceed to slide up her bra.
And so, her constricted breasts are finally set free.
Asuka: Oh no... Th-This really is embarrassing!
Asuka squeezes her eyes shut as her face starts to turn red.
Masaya: (Wow... I-I'm looking at her breasts for the very first time...)
I'm deeply moved by the first pair of naked breasts I get to see.
No way I'm ever admitting that out loud, though.
Masaya: (Plus, these are Asuka's...)
She's a cheerful, sincere girl who I was never really that attracted to in the past.
But right now, every fiber of my being has been taken over by lust.
Asuka: Haaah... You're looking straight at them...
Asuka's unintentionally enticing me with her words.
Man, these things are huge, but they're not sagging at all. Instead, they're round and firm.
Also, her nipples are pink and pointy.
I've heard that nipples get erect, but I've never gotten to confirm it before now.
Asuka: M-Masaya-san, you're embarrassing me again... Please stop staring...
Masaya: Uh, okay... Would touching them be better?
Asuka: Th-That's also embarrassing, but I'd rather you do that than just stare...
Masaya: ...Okay.
I smother her breasts with my hands.
Asuka: Ahh... Mmm!
Asuka's breath catches in her throat.
Her breasts have just the right amount of springiness to them, so even though they're soft, my hands don't just sink right in.
This moist, sticky sensation has me wanting to keep this up forever.
Asuka: Nooo, don't knead them too much... Ahhh!
I start to move my hands in a circular pattern.
Asuka: Ahhh... Ah, aaah... Masaya...san...
Every now and then, I dig my fingers into her flesh to relish in her change in tone.
Asuka stirs in a tantalizing manner as she calls my name.
And that's almost enough to make me lose my mind.
Asuka: Ahhh, stop... You will... ahhh, make me... with just my breasts... Mhhh!
Asuka's voice is a lot more high-pitched all of a sudden.
Hm, maybe I should pause for a moment.
Asuka: Aaah... Mmm... Ahhh...
Asuka's breathing grows less ragged as she begins to calm down.
Her nipples are right there... They're the very same nipples that made her go wild moments ago...
And they're already erect, so I can tell touching them now will elicit an even better reaction.
Masaya: (Is she gonna get upset...?)
I'm a little worried how she'll react, but...
Asuka: Huh...? Masaya-san?
...I let go of her breasts, then pinch her nipples and roll them around.
Asuka: Aaahhh!
Asuka: S-Stop, Masaya-san... When you touch me there, I... Ahhh!
Asuka twists her body in an attempt to escape my hands.
However, her wriggling is incredibly sexy, so all she does is turn me on even more.
Masaya: I'm at my limit, Asuka.
Asuka: Huh...? What do you mean?
Masaya: I wanna mess you up! I can't hold back anymore!
Asuka: Huh? Huuuuuuh?!
My right hand continues to fondle her right nipple as I place her left nipple in my mouth.
Asuka: N-Nooo!
Asuka bends backward as she tries to flee.
Masaya: (Sorry, Asuka. I can't let you do that.)
Not sure how much that apology's really worth, but whatever.
Asuka: Ahhh...! Mhhh, mhhh, no, don't... focus so much... on just my nipples... Ah... Ahhh!
I pinch her nipple between my right index finger and thumb, then jerk them around to stimulate her.
Asuka: Ahhh, don't... pinch it...! Mmm, mhhh, aaah, ahhh...!
Asuka's voice is more high-pitched than ever.
Guess that means I'm doing a great job. Maybe I should work on her other nipple now...
Asuka: Ahhhhhh!
Asuka's body reacts even more strongly as I begin to lick her nipple.
Asuka: D-Don't lick it! You need to stop! Are you listening, Masaya-san?! Stop before I go crazy!
I hear you loud and clear, but I'm not gonna follow your orders.
Asuka: Ahhh, aaah!
I simply ignore her and keep rolling her nipple around with my tongue.
I don't stop stimulating her despite all her protests.
Asuka: Ah... You really... have to stop now! Any more and I...!
Asuka's twisting and turning in a futile attempt to escape.
However, it's clear that she's not putting much strength into it, which means she's just putting on a show here...
Asuka: Ahhh, mmm.... G-God, this is too much... Ah... Ahhh!
Even though she's telling me to stop, I can tell she's basking in the pleasure I'm providing her.
Asuka: No, ah, stop... I'm, ah, about to, kgh, lose... my mind... Ah... Ah... Ahhh!
Asuka's voice is growing more and more loose, as if she's being freed from the shackles of common sense.
She's totally giving in to the pleasure despite what she's saying.
Asuka: Ahhh, aaah, I-I can't, ah, aaah, ahhh, take it... anymore... Nooo!
Her body finally relaxes and goes limp.
And then, she throws her head back and moans in apparent pleasure.
Refusing to stop there, I softly bite one of her nipples while strongly pinching the other.
Asuka: Ah, ahhh! Aaahhh!
That makes Asuka's body bounce higher than ever.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Ah, ahhh...
After the trembling subsides, Asuka's just panting hoarsely.
Her half-open mouth and glazed eyes are clear signs of how good she feels, which is a great sign.
Masaya: (...Did she just cum?)
My knowledge on the matter is pretty flimsy, but I think she did...
And that revelation makes my arousal skyrocket.
Asuka: Haaah... M-Masaya-san...
Asuka addresses me once she's calmed down a little.
Asuka: Um, did you notice?
Masaya: Notice what?
Asuka: The fact that, um... my nipples are very... sensitive...
Masaya: O-Oh, of course not. How would I figure that out so fast?
I mean, I've never done anything like this before...
Asuka: Really? I thought that was why you were focusing on them...
Asuka seems extremely confused all of a sudden.
But honestly, I'm probably a lot worse off in that regard.
Masaya: Sorry to disappoint you, but I didn't really think things through at all. I just got swept up into things because you look so cute.
Asuka: Ah...!
At that point, Asuka seems to finally remember that she's fully exposed.
Asuka: Wow, this is <i>really</i> embarrassing.
She seems more flustered than ever.
Masaya: You came just now, didn't you?
Asuka: D-Did I? Um, it just felt like my feelings exploded...
Asuka: I see... You made me cum...
There she goes again... Man, this innocent side of her is gonna kill me someday.
Asuka: Um, do you... hate me for it?
Masaya: Huh? Why would you even say that?
Asuka: Well, I mean, you were only playing with my breasts, but I was moaning so loudly...
Asuka: Oh, this is embarrassing...
Holy shit.
This girl's driving me insane. I'm done holding back. It's time to mess her up real good.
Her breasts won't cut it anymore.
Masaya: Asuka, um... I'm not sure if I should point this out, but...
Asuka: I-If you aren't sure, then don't say it!
Asuka senses danger and attempts to stop me, but I just ignore her and point to the spot between her legs.
Masaya: You're... totally wet down there, huh?
Asuka: Eeeeeek!
She lets out a cute scream.
Asuka: Y-You pervert! You big, fat pervert! How can you say that?!
Masaya: Well, when it's that obvious...
I move my hand over to Asuka's crotch as I say that.
Asuka: Ah...! N-Nooo!
Her body's still mostly limp, so she can't put up much of a fight.
Masaya: See... you're <i>really</i> wet.
Asuka: Ah, mmm... Ahhh!
Moans escape her lips as my fingers touch her panties.
Asuka's crotch is just as wet as it looks. A slight touch is enough to produce slippery, wet sounds.
Asuka: No... Ah... Don't make... those sounds... Ahhh!
Asuka tries to stop me, but all I really hear are her cute moans.
Her resistance is so weak that it's practically nonexistent.
And so, I stop stroking her over her panties and press down onto it.
Asuka: Ahhh!
Asuka's body jerks upward.
Maybe this is because she's already wet, but it seems like touching her over her panties is more than enough to get her off.
Asuka: Ah... Ahhh... mhhh!
Asuka's adorable moans are music to my ears.
Asuka: N-No, ah, Masaya-san... stop, mhhh, mmm!
Nothing about her voice is strong enough to stop me.
Masaya: Asuka...
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Masaya...saaan...
Asuka seems to be drowning in the pleasure by this point.
Masaya: I... want to have sex with you.
Asuka digests my words as she pants erotically.
Asuka: Masaya-san...
Asuka: I'm a little bit scared, but...
Asuka: ...I trust you. Do whatever you want.
She gives in to me at last.
I grab Asuka's panties, then drag them down her legs.
Asuka: Ah...!
Her breath seems to catch in her throat as I whip out my penis.
Asuka: Wow...
She looks <i>really</i> surprised.
Which isn't all that weird. My dick's all hard and veiny.
It's kinda disgusting when compared to Asuka's lovely body.
Masaya: ...Does it scare you?
I decide to take the direct approach.
However, contrary to my expectations, Asuka shakes her head.
Asuka: No, I'm just a little surprised.
Hm, that makes sense, I guess...
Though, if I was a girl, I'd be grossed out.
Asuka: It's twitching...
Asuka remarks as she stares at my dick.
...Did she have to say that? I'm dying of embarrassment here!
Masaya: Don't stare...
Wow, I'm a total hypocrite.
Asuka: Hehe. What's wrong? I'm just trying to return the favor...
Great, now she's messing with me...
Asuka: I see... The tip looks interesting...
She proceeds to observe my dick from all sorts of angles.
Asuka: Masaya-san.
Masaya: Yes!
I respond in a rather stiff way because of how nervous I am.
Asuka: Let me touch it next time. I want to take my time and get to know it better.
Wait, what? Can't say I expected that.
Masaya: ...Sure. I did that to you this time around, so that sounds fair.
Asuka: Great... I can't wait to try all sorts of things...
Asuka says as she smiles in a suggestive manner.
Wait, what's she planning?
Masaya: Uh, okay... Wanna start, Asuka?
I ask her that question as I move toward her body.
Asuka: Y-Yes...
After I see her squeeze her eyes shut, I press my dick against her entrance.
Then, I slowly plunge into her pussy.
Asuka: Ah...! Ahhhhhh!
I drive deeper and deeper despite her screams.
Her pussy's already wet, so I feel great inside her.
Masaya: (Wait, I'm inside her...?)
Damn... I'm getting even more turned on by that thought.
I'm not gonna last at this rate.
Asuka: Ah... Ahhh!
Asuka's moaning, but she's also trembling a little. Guess this is more painful for her than I thought.
Masaya: Are you okay? Does it hurt?
Asuka: O-Oh, a little... but I'm... fine!
Seems like she's trying to downplay it.
Masaya: I'll wait, so let me know once it starts to hurt less.
Asuka: Ugh... O-Okay...
Asuka: Hoooh... Haaah... Hoooh... Haaah...
Asuka takes a few deep breaths to help calm herself down.
Asuka: Okay... I-I think I'm fine now...

Masaya: Th-Then I'm gonna try to get a little deeper...
Asuka: Go ahead!
I dive right in.
Asuka: Mmm...! Ugh, uh...!
Asuka tenses suddenly. She's clearly in pain.
And when I look down to where we're connected, I spot a trickle of blood.
Masaya: You know, we can take a break if you want.
I'd rather not continue if I'm causing her pain.
Asuka: No, I'm okay. You can start moving, Masaya-san.
Masaya: You sure? It kinda seems like that hurt...
Asuka: It did hurt a bit just now... but I'm feeling better already. And besides...
Asuka looks at me with a smile on her face.
Asuka: You aren't going to feel good unless you move, right?
Masaya: T-True...
To be honest, I'm just barely managing to hold myself back.
My mind's flooded with thoughts of how good moving will feel.
But...
Asuka: I want you to feel good, Masaya-san...
Asuka goes and says that with an intoxicated look on her face.
Asuka: I want you to move around inside me...
Her words make the dam in my mind burst.
Masaya: Asuka... Asuka...!
I bury myself all the way to the hilt in one fell swoop.
Asuka: Ahhh...! Ah, aaah!
Then, I slowly pull out again.
Asuka: Aaahhh!
Looks like that's enough to make Asuka moan. Good.
I drive my dick into her pussy again.
Asuka: Ahhh.... Aaah, ahhh!
Her body's shaking this time.
And her nipples are pointing upward, fully erect, which tells me she's starting to feel good.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... I-It feels weird to have you inside me...
Masaya: I know, right?
Asuka: We were chatting normally not too long ago, but now we're doing this... How strange...
Asuka strokes her belly as she says that.
Asuka: Still, you're making me feel <i>really</i> happy right now...
Masaya: Asuka...
Sadistic impulses begin to well up inside me as I talk to Asuka.
I know it's wrong, but I can't help but wonder what sort of expressions this innocent girl will make when I torment her body.
Asuka: Ah...! Ahhh, aaah, ah, ah!
I start moving again in an attempt to satisfy my curiosity.
Asuka: Ah, Masaya-san...! You're... moving a little... faster... Ahhh!
I pick up the pace while making sure not to do anything that might actually hurt Asuka.
Asuka: Ahhh, ah, aaah, ah... Ahhh!
I expected this to hurt her a bit more, but she got used to it in no time.
Asuka: Ahhh, aaah, ah, aaahhh, ah... Ah, aaah, ahhh!
She's now letting out the same moans and sighs of pleasure she was earlier.
Asuka: M-Masaya...san, aaah, please move... a little bit... slower... Ahhh!
She doesn't seem to be asking that because she's in pain, which is why...
Masaya: Actually, I'm gonna speed up.
Asuka: Ahhh, ah... Wh-What?!
I ignore her complaints and speed up my thrusts.
Asuka: N-Nooo, ah, aaah, ah... Ahhh!
Her breasts bounce every which way when I slam into her.
Once in a while, I reach out to fondle one of her nipples.
Asuka: No... Don't, ah, touch my breasts, ahhh... Stop... I'm telling you to stop... Ahhh!
Asuka's pussy is tighter now.
Can't tell if it's due to pleasure, but she's a lot more tense in that area.
Asuka: Ahhh, ah, it feels... good... Ah, aaah, aaah, ahhh, aaahhh!
Whenever she lets out those deep moans, my dick gets squeezed tighter than ever.
Masaya: (No... I can't hold out much longer....)
A numbing sensation crawls up around my groin.
Asuka: Ah, ahhh, I can't... take it anymore, Masaya-san! I'm about to... cum again!
Masaya: That's fine. Go right ahead!
Asuka: Ahhh, I'll end up... showing you that embarrassing side of me... again... Ah, aaah, ahhh, ah, aaahhh!
Her arms seem to go limp.
Asuka's clearly given up on holding her voice back, which must mean she's just about done.
Asuka: I'm about to cum... I'm going to... cum... Ahhh, Masaya-san, I'm about to... cum... Ah, aaah!
Masaya: I'm also... gonna cum!
The numb sensation in my groin overtakes the rest of my body.
And then, when I thrust all the way into Asuka's pussy...
Asuka: Ah, aaah, I-I'm cumming... I'm cumming... I can't... stop it... Ah, aaah, ahhh!
Asuka's body spasms as her pussy tightens.
And, as a result, I'm assaulted by the greatest sense of pleasure I've ever felt.
Asuka: Ah, aaah... Ahhhhhh!
Asuka basks in the afterglow of her orgasm.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
She's panting, gasping for air in an almost erotic manner, with her mouth agape.
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Y-Yes, Masaya-san? Mmmph... Mmm... Mmmph!
I kiss her, effectively sealing her mouth before she can continue speaking.
Asuka: Mmmph, mmm...
When I release her mouth, Asuka directs a soft smile at me.
Asuka: Masaya-san... Hehe...
Masaya: What?
Asuka: We... had sex...
Asuka: I saw lots of expressions you normally never show...
Masaya: Same here. I got to see a lot of your cute faces, and hear even more of your moans.
Asuka: ...Yeah, you've learned everything there is to know about me.
Asuka latches onto me after saying that.
Masaya: H-Hey, Asuka...
Asuka: I love you... I love you so much, Masaya-san...
And then, she showers my face with kisses while calling out my name.
I start walking toward the backdoor.
Masaya: Huh?
However, Asuka doesn't follow me.
Masaya: Something wrong?
I walk up to her as I ask that question.
Asuka: ...No one's going to walk in on us, right?
Instead of answering my question, she just asks her own.
Masaya: Well, the door's locked and it's Saturday, so... Mmmph!
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm...
Asuka suddenly seals my lips with hers.
Masaya: Mmmph... Mmmmph... Mmm...
Then, she proceeds to kiss me from a bunch of different angles.
Asuka: Haaah...
Eventually, she pulls away from me and lets out a loud gasp.
And for whatever reason, there's a mischievous smile on her face.
Asuka: My surprise attack is a huge success!
Asuka: I thought I'd try taking the lead today. So, what do you think? Is your heart racing?
I was startled because I didn't expect it, but...
Masaya: Yeah, it's beating like a drum.
Asuka: Really? Yaaay!
Masaya: In fact, it's so bad that I can't stay calm anymore.
Asuka: I'm happy to hear that... Huh?
I get behind Asuka and...
Asuka: U-Um, Masaya-kun?
Masaya: You flipped my switch when you kissed me.
I start stroking Asuka's body with both my hands.
Asuka: W-Wait, um, this isn't the right place to... Um, Masaya-ku--
My right hand is fondling her crotch, while my left hand is all over her breasts.
Asuka: Ah...! Ahhh!
I start pressing into both areas.
Masaya: Man, you're so cute...
Asuka: N-Nooo... If you say that... I won't be able to... hold back...
I start feeling up every single part of her body.
Her arms and legs, which were initially rather tense, relax gradually.
Asuka: Ahhh... I can't... hold back anymore...
Asuka straightens her bent body.
And then, she turns around and latches onto me.
Asuka: God's going to get angry at us, isn't he?
Masaya: I'll apologize later.
Asuka: This is all your fault...
Her face is flushed as she says that.
Asuka: Make sure to take good care of my body, okay? It wants a lot of loving...
Masaya: Sure thing.
Asuka: Mmmph... Mmm... Mnnn... Mmmph...
Asuka: Mmmch... Mmm... I finally get to touch it...
Asuka's tongue is at the tip of my red, swollen, wet dick.
Masaya: Mmmch... Mnnnch... Mmm...
And mine is right by her drenched pussy.
Asuka: Mmmch... Nnnch, nnn... Haaah... Ah, Ahhh!
Waves of pleasure wash over Asuka as I pick up the pace a little.
We're licking each other's crotches, but before now, Asuka hadn't gotten to feel that great.
Asuka: Mmmch... Mmm, your penis is twitching a lot...
Damn, I can't believe she just said that.
I mean, I'm sure she wasn't going out of her way to sound sexy, but that doesn't change the fact that it's driving me nuts.
Masaya: I could say the exact same thing about your pussy.
Asuka: Uh... W-Well, sure, but, ah, ahhh!
Moans start flowing from her lips when I give her pussy a light kiss.
Asuka: Ah, aaah, ahhh!
Asuka: W-Wait, Masaya-kun, please... stop... for a moment!
Masaya: Hm... Fine.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...!
I fulfill her request, and Asuka uses this time to calm her breathing.
Asuka: Oh, <i>come on,</i> what are you doing! You said we'd do it together, but you broke the rules right away...
Masaya: Did I?
Asuka: Of course you did! You're so reliable and level-headed as a coach, but you always tease me when we're flirting...
Masaya: Only because you're so cute.
Asuka: S-See, you're doing it again! Stop trying to change the topic!
Masaya: But you really <i>are</i> that cute... Mmmch... Mmm...
I start tonguing her pussy without waiting for a reply.
Asuka: Ahhh!
Asuka's body jerks upward.
Asuka: I-I won't lose to you!
Asuka sounds frustrated by the fact that I'm just doing whatever I want. And so, in an attempt to fight back, she firmly grasps my dick.
Asuka: Mmmch... Mnnnch... Nnnch... Mmmnnn...
Then, she starts licking and kissing my already sensitive tip.
Asuka: Mmmch... Mmm... Mnnnch... Nnnch... Nnn... Nmmmch...
Eventually, she places my dick in her mouth and starts bobbing her head up and down.
Asuka's soft tongue dominates my dick.
Masaya: (Whoa...! Man, this is really...)
She'll make me cum right away if I relax...
Masaya: (Gotta return the favor!)
I use my hands and tongue to stimulate Asuka's pussy.
Asuka: Ah...! Ahhh!
Having my dick in her mouth doesn't stop her from moaning loudly.
Though she has stopped moving. Guess she's struggling to withstand the pleasure.
Asuka: Mmmch, mmm... Mmm... Mnnn...
However, she's still trying to at least lick my dick.
Well, guess I'd better deliver the finishing blow...
Asuka: Mmmch, mmmm... Mmmnn! Ah, aaah, ahhh!
I tease her with my finger, which makes Asuka lose control and spit out my dick.
Asuka: M-Masaya-kun, no... Stop... If you do that, ah, aaah!
Asuka: Ah! Ah, ah, n-nooo! Th-This is too much, ahhh!
Masaya: Cum, Asuka!
Asuka: No, ah, aaah... I can't... cum yet!
Refusing to admit defeat, she thrusts my dick into her mouth once more.
Asuka: Mmmch... Mmmnnnch... Mmm, mnnn, nnnch... Nnnmmmch... Nmmmch... Nnnch... Mmm... Mmmnnn!
Masaya: (Ugh, no way!)
Her onslaught makes my urge to cum surge.
Asuka: Mmmch... Mmm... Mnnn, mmmnnn, nmmm, nnnmmm!
Her body starts convulsing right as I explode into her mouth.
Asuka: Haaah...! Ah, aaah, aaahhh!
Asuka spits my dick out and starts to twitch harder. Yeah, she's definitely cumming.
Masaya: Ahhh... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
I can't even think straight after releasing my pent-up semen into her mouth.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Masaya-kun... Mmm...
Still holding my dick tight in her hand, she plants a kiss onto the tip.
Masaya: Ah...! Ahhh!
My dick's feeling real sensitive right now, so I'm twitching more than ever.
Asuka: Hehe... You're cute, Masaya-kun.
Masaya: Well, so are you...
Asuka: Okay... please shower me with more of your love...
Asuka gets up after she says that.
Asuka: I want you to hold me tight like this.
She gets in front of me and straddles me in a way that makes me hold her in my arms.
Asuka: I want to watch your face the whole time...
She lowers her body as she says that.
Asuka: Ah... Ah, aaahhh!
Asuka moans loudly when I enter her.
Masaya: You okay, Asuka?
I'm a little worried, since she seems really tense.
Asuka: I-I'm fine. Um, it's embarrassing to admit, but...
Panting heavily, Asuka goes on.
Asuka: Well, um, the moment your penis entered me, um...
Masaya: Yeah?
Asuka: Um, I had to tense my body... so I wouldn't cum.
Masaya: ......
I'm so turned on by her admission that I just rock her body a little.
Asuka: Ah, aaah, ah, ahhh!
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... G-Geez, Masaya-kun! At least give me a little warning!
Masaya: Asuka.
Asuka: Yes...? Ah, aaahhh...
I draw her body into my arms and gently stroke her head.
Asuka: Ah... Ah... Ahhh...
Asuka rubs her head against my chest like a kitten who wants to cuddle.
It's hard to deal with her when she's acting this cute.
Asuka: Being connected like this is making my heart race... I feel so good...
Masaya: Same here.
Soft waves of pleasure radiate from the point where we're connected.
It's not enough to make me cum, but it is slowly numbing my brain.
Asuka: I can feel your penis twitching inside me... It's softening and hardening over and over...
Asuka: It makes this feel all the more real...
Her words and actions are like an anesthetic that's dazing my body.
God, everything about her is adorable.
And it's especially hard to deny that when we're having sex.
Man, am I one lucky guy. I get to have this cute little thing all to myself forever.
Masaya: ...Gotta say, when we have sex, I always get the urge to make you lose your mind.
Asuka: A-Are you a sadist?
Masaya: Hm, I dunno...
Masaya: I only get these feelings when I'm with you, so I don't think I am.
Asuka: I-I would appreciate it... if you didn't give in to those thoughts...
She makes that request with a troubled look on her face.
Unfortunately, I'm pretty sure that's impossible.
I mean, the urge to embarrass her is overwhelming me as we speak.
Asuka: Ah... Aaah... Ahhh...
Asuka's wriggling her hips around in an attempt to move. Does she wanna switch positions?
Masaya: Does it hurt, Asuka?
Asuka: N-No, it doesn't...
Asuka: Y-Your penis is... rubbing... a somewhat sensitive spot... in this position... Ahhh...
Asuka: It's making me... make these weird... sounds, ah... and that's... embarrassing... Ah!
You know, I'm sure this is all unintentional, but she <i>really</i> knows how to push my buttons.
Masaya: Thanks for the info.
Asuka: W-Wait, what?! S-Stop! Forget what I just said, Masaya-kun!
I ignore her feeble resistance and bounce her body.
Asuka: Ah, ahhh, aaahhh!
Asuka's loud moans are accompanied by the wet squelching sounds that flow from her pussy.
Asuka: God, your penis is... hitting and... rubbing me...! Ah, ahhh!
Masaya: Asuka...
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Y-Yes?
Masaya: I wanna move <i>way</i> faster. Can I stir up your pussy?
She casts her eyes down in embarrassment when she hears my question.
Asuka: O-Okay... Go ahead... Make me... feel good...
The sight of her flushed, bashful face fills me with the desire to tease her.
Masaya: Hm, I don't know... That sounds a bit vague...
Asuka: Huh? What do you mean?
Masaya: I mean, you should be a little more honest about what you want me to do.
Asuka: N-No way... That's too embarrassing! It's already bad enough right now, so...
Masaya: But we're all alone in here, and I hardly ever get to hear you speak like that...
Asuka: Ah...!
Masaya: Come on, Asuka. Please.
Asuka: Oh... You're such a jerk...
She voices some complaints, but seems to also give in to my demands.
Asuka: M-Masaya-kun, make my... pussy feel good...
Her hesitant words are accentuated by her flushed face... Damn, this is the best!
Asuka: Th-That's it! I'm done! God, that was embarrassing...
Masaya: Wow, that was great! I can tell that you <i>really</i> want my dick!
Asuka: Grr!
Man, even that pout and glare are cute at this point.
Masaya: Well, your wish is my command.
I support her body as I start rocking it faster than ever.
Asuka: Ah, aaah, ah, ahhh, ah, aaah, aaahhh!
Moans escape her mouth as her eyes start to glaze over.
Asuka: Ah, Masaya-kun, ahhh... It feels... so good, ah... when you... rub me... there... Ahhhhhh!
Her voice hits a new octave as the squelching sounds of her pussy intensify.
Masaya: You mean here?
I adjust the angle of my thrusts to hit the spot Asuka just mentioned.
Asuka: Aaahhhh!
She suddenly throws her head back in response.
Asuka: N-No... D-Don't... focus... ah, on just... that spot... Ahhh, aaah, Masaya-kun...! Noooooo!
I move my hands around her chest and flick her nipples to increase the stimulation she's feeling.
Asuka: Aaahhhhhh!
Asuka's body bounces as she lets out that extremely sharp cry.
Asuka: Ah, ah, ah... This is so... embarrassing... Why am I... moaning so much...? Ah, ah, ahhh!
More and more sweet moans of pleasure escape her lips as her tongue grows loose.
I keep kneading her breasts and rocking her body to ramp up the pleasure.
Asuka: Ah, th-that spot... Ahhh, ah, ah, it feels... so good... Masaya-kun!
She seems to like it when I fondle her breasts and stir up her pussy at the same time.
Masaya: I see... You love it when I tease this spot, don't you?
I place my hands on her breasts, then rub her nipples in sync with the up and down motion of her body.
Asuka: God, not my... nipples... Ahhh! Ah, don't... touch them... Ah, aaah, aaahhh!
I grind her hard nipples with my fingers. And, as a result, her pussy tightens up, which makes us both drown in even more pleasure.
Asuka: Ah, th-that was... so intense... Ahhh, I feel... so... good... Ah, ahhh...
My rubbing's gotten a whole lot faster.
And now, a numb sensation is starting to wash over my body.
Asuka: Ahhh, aaah, ah, I'm... about to... cum... I'm going to... cum... Ah, ahhh, aaah!
Masaya: Go ahead... Let's cum... together, Asuka!
I'm at my limit already.
It's taking all I have to hold it back.
Asuka: Y-Yes... I-I will... I'll cum... I'll cum. I want to... cum together, Masaya-kun... Masaya-kuuun!
Masaya: Ah... Ahhh, Asuka... Asuka!
Asuka: Masaya-kun... Masaya-kun!
Asuka clings to me tighter than ever as she calls out my name.
Masaya: Ah...! Ah, ahhhhhh!
Asuka: Ahhh, aaah, ah, aaah, aaahhh!
We both cum at the exact same time, which sends our bodies into spastic fits.
But after a while, we manage to calm our breathing and bask in the lingering pleasure.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Masaya-kun... Masaya-kun...
Asuka's still just repeating my name.
Asuka: Haaah... Haaah... I-I can't... budge an inch...
Masaya: I love you, Asuka...
Asuka: O-Oh... Yeah...
Asuka directs a smile at me that's so gentle that I feel like my whole body's being enveloped by a warm blanket.
Asuka: I love you... Masaya-kun.
She wraps her arms around me and draws me into a tight embrace after she says that.
Mashiro: What do you mean by-- Mmmph...
I seal Mashiro's lips before she can finish.
I've waited this entire time to kiss her.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mmmph...
We press our lips together, confirming our desire, and then...
Mashiro: Mmmm... Senpa-- Mmmph?!
I'm not letting her escape.
Mashiro: Senpa-- Mmm, mmm... Mmmph... Mmm...
I open my mouth, force open Mashiro's with my pointed tongue, and push inside it.
Mashiro: Haaah... Mmm... Mmmph... Mmm... Ah, mnnn... Mmm... Mmmpch...
I press my face forward, seeking out further pleasure.
Mashiro: Ah... Mmm... Mmmph... Mnnn... Nmmm... Ah, nnn... Mmm... Mmmph!
I run my tongue over the front of Mashiro's teeth, then the back.
Finally, I locate her somewhat hidden tongue and twist mine around it.
Mashiro: Mmm, mnnn... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Mmm... Mnnn...
Our tongues move around impatiently, dripping with saliva.
Mashiro: Mmm, mnnn, ngh... Mnnn, mmm... Mmmph...
We gulp down that sweet, mind-numbing drug as we continue our lustful kiss.
Mashiro: Ah, haaah... Haaah...
At last, I pull away.
Mashiro gazes at me with a slightly glazed expression.
Masaya: Those were some cute moans.
Mashiro: Ngh!
To be honest, hearing those really turned me on. And I'm sure any guy my age would be in the same boat.
Mashiro: ...I did not moan.
Masaya: You were <i>super</i> cute, Mashiro.
Mashiro: ......
My heart is pounding so hard right now.
All we've done so far is kiss and I'm already so horny I can hardly control myself.
I suppress my raging lust. I'm going to treat her gently and lovingly from start to finish.
Mashiro: Um, Senpai... Can I ask you a question?
Masaya: Yeah?
Mashiro: Are you, um... experienced?
Hearing that, I almost keel over.
Man, this girl, I swear... If only she knew what was going on inside my head...
Masaya: Just to be clear, <i>I'm</i> a virgin.
Mashiro: O-Of course I'm a virgin as well...!
I emphasize my point to kill any doubts she might've had, but it appears she interpreted it differently.
Masaya: Yeah, I know.
Mashiro: You're the only man I'll ever sleep with, Senpai.
Masaya: Same here. Though I'm pretty sure we're gonna rack up a high number count.
Mashiro: Y-You're planning on having sex that often?
Masaya: I want to. You're just too cute, Mashiro. Even now, I'm having a hard time keeping myself in check. There's no way in hell I'm "experienced."
Mashiro: You seem as cool as a cucumber, though...
Masaya: Well, I'm your coach.
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: Plus, I'm the older one, and the guy too... Of course I don't wanna look lame when we're about to have sex.
Mashiro: You aren't lame at all, Senpai. You're so cool that I feel lucky to have you as my boyfriend.
Masaya: Glad I'm doing something right...
That's a relief.
Masaya: So yeah, I'll keep trying my best to remain cool and composed... so I'd appreciate it if you could lift your legs a little for me.
Mashiro: O-Okay...
Mashiro does as requested, and I proceed to slide off her black thigh-high socks.
I can now see her pale, slender thighs in all their glory.
They aren't very thick, but they're distinctively feminine.
I reach out and run my hand over her skin.
It's unbelievably smooth, yet also a little sweaty, probably owing to her nervousness.
Mashiro: Mmm...
Masaya: Does it feel good?
Mashiro: No, I just feel my leg getting touched... I guess it tickles a little, but not more than that.
Masaya: Guess that makes sense.
Mashiro: I'm sorry...
Masaya: What are you apologizing for? I'm not really trying to turn you on right now.
Mashiro: I know... but, um...
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: The thought of you touching me makes my heart pound. I feel so tingly.
Masaya: ...Same here.
The fact that she's allowing me to touch her bare thighs is making me <i>extremely</i> excited.
There's no real sexual pleasure to be derived from it, but it feels good on an emotional level.
Come to think of it, I felt incredibly nervous that one time when she made me massage her leg...
Masaya: It's like it's emotionally stimulating.
Mashiro: Yeah, for me too. But it also, um...
Masaya: It also what?
I pursue the matter as she cuts her sentence short.
She looks up at me teary-eyed, but after a few seconds, she gives up...
Mashiro: My, um, privates also feels really tingly...
I can tell how embarrassed she is. Her voice is so low that it's barely audible.
Masaya: ......
The sudden sound of that word has me blushing.
But I have to say <i>something</i> back or she's going to feel really awkward after just revealing that.
Thinking that, I decide to immediately break the silence.
Masaya: Oh?
I grab hold of the hem of her skirt.
What I'm trying to tell her is that I want to lift and check.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Huh?
She's not reacting.
Does she not see my hand, or does she just not understand what I'm trying to do?
Masaya: Um, Mashiro...?
Mashiro: I'm prepared to give you everything today, so you can do whatever you want...
Holy shit, she's four steps ahead of me!
Mashiro: But, um, my underwear might already be a little dirty...
Seriously?!
Masaya: ...I'll come back to it later.
I'd go past the point of no return if I looked at it now, so I've made the <i>very</i> difficult decision to wait.
Instead, I reach out for her scarf.
Mashiro: Ah...
After realizing my intent, her body jerks a slight bit. Naturally, the reality of what we're about to do is starting to set in.
Mashiro: Um, Senpai...
Masaya: What's wrong?
Mashiro: Um, this is pretty embarrassing for me, so... I'd like you to kiss me.
Masaya: Thanks.
Mashiro: Why are you thanking me? I'm the one making the request...
Masaya: How could I not thank you after that adorable request? I'm beyond happy.
Mashiro: Senpai... Mmmph... Mmm...
I proceed to kiss her.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mnnn... Ah, nnn... Mmm...
This time, I start with a French kiss right from the start.
The tip of her tongue welcomes me.
Mashiro: Mmm... Nmmm... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Mmmnnn... Mmm...
This time she ravages the insides of my mouth.
Mashiro: Ah... Mmm... Ngh... Mmmph... Haaah, mmm... Nnn... Mmmph...
Mashiro: Mmmph, mmm... Mnnn... Nmmm, nnn, mmm... Mmm... Mmmph...
It feels like she's clinging to me with her lips and tongue whenever we kiss.
My mind goes numb. I can't wait any longer at this point, so I reach out and start groping her breasts.
Mashiro: Ah... Senpa-- Mmm, mnnn... Mmmph!
Startled, Mashiro pulls her lips off me.
My hands, however, don't stop. I can't hold back any longer.
To my surprise, I don't feel much through her uniform.
But I <i>can</i> tell that they're soft. Very soft and springy.
Kinda makes me happy.
Mashiro: No... That's my... Mmm, ah...
For Mashiro, I'm guessing the embarrassment still outweighs the pleasure.
Since I feel that fondling won't do much with her clothes in the way, I opt to rub my palms against her breasts.
Mashiro: Mmm?! Mnnn, ah, ahhh... Ah...
Those sounds make me believe she's trying to stifle something.
Mashiro: Ah, ah... Ah... Aaah... Ah, ah... Haaah... Haaah...
Eventually, I start hearing the occasional more high-pitched, sensual sound out of her.
At that point, I go back to kissing her.
Mashiro: Ah... Haaah, mnnn... Mmm... Mmmnnn... Nnn... Nmmm... Mmm... Mmmph!
Her breaths quicken as I continue to fondle her breasts while kissing her.
Mashiro: Mmm, ahhh... Ah, ah, aaah, mnnn...
Mashiro: Haaah, mmm... Mmmph... Mnnn, mmm... Nnn, ah, ah, ah, ah... Mmmpch...
I've had enough fun touching her breasts through her uniform at this point, so I reach out for the yellow scarf.
That's when it hits me.
The act of untying it almost symbolizes the line we're about to cross. I need a fair amount of resolve in order to do this.
The obscenity of undressing her in an outfit I see her in daily makes me keenly aware of what we're about to. And it makes me all the more honored that Mashiro is choosing to do this with me.
I have to remember, she wants this as much as me. There's no need to hesitate.
I put a little bit more strength into my hands.
Mashiro: Haaah... Mmmph... Ah, ah, ah... Ngh...
The scarf comes undone with a rustling sound. I can feel my mind going numb.
Then, I lower my hand to unfasten the hook on the side of her skirt and after that, I pull down the zipper.
Mashiro: Mmmph... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Ah!
I remove my lips, then place one last kiss on her neck to tease her before taking off her uniform.
Masaya: Hm... What's this?
I find something I didn't expect to be there, which is why I inadvertently voice my confusion.
Mashiro: Um... It's called a full slip.
Masaya: Oh, I see...
I was just a little startled because I never knew these existed.
Which makes me think...
What if keep taking stuff off only to find another article of clothing, like a matryoshka...?
It'd definitely be an interesting experience, but I can say with confidence that I lack the skill needed to keep things from getting awkward.
Mashiro: Are you thinking about something weird right now, Senpai...?
Masaya: The only thing I'm thinking is how badly I want to take off that slip.
Mashiro: Ah...
Mashiro blushes in response to my frank admission.
However...
Mashiro: U-Um, Senpai... c-can I ask one thing before that?
Masaya: Hm? You want to kiss again?
Mashiro: N-No, not that...!
It's really adorable how she's getting super embarrassed over every little thing.
Mashiro: Um...
Still, though, I have no idea what she's trying to say.
Masaya: What kind of naughty request do you have for me, Mashiro? Give it to me straight.
Mashiro: I-It's not naughty! Um... it's just a genuine question.
Masaya: Okay.
Mashiro: Are you going to take your own clothes off?
Masaya: ...Oh, right. I see what you're trying to say.
I honestly didn't even think about it until she pointed it out.
I've been undressing her this whole time, but I haven't taken anything off myself.
I consider asking her to do it for a moment, but quickly recall that I told her I'd take the lead.
Masaya: Well, let's get these off, then.
Mashiro: Huh...? Ahhhhhh!
I start stripping without a moment's delay, which makes her shriek, but I'm not stopping now.
A few seconds later, I have everything off but my boxers. I go over to Mashiro again and position myself over her.
...Yeah, this feels a lot more sexual now.
Mashiro: I can see your nipples...
Masaya: Come on, don't say that. You're embarrassing me.
Mashiro: Oh, uh... I-I'm sorry...!
I say that without even realizing it as she eyes up my body.
But... yeah. Guys are interested in girls' bodies, so it's probably only natural that she'd be interested in mine.
Masaya: Wanna touch them?
Mashiro: I-I can?
Masaya: Sure. But I'll be touching your nipples right after.
Mashiro: You didn't have to say that out loud!
She gingerly reaches out and touches my chest.
Mashiro: Your chest is hard...
Mashiro: And really hot... I can feel your pulse.
Mashiro: Whoa... Ah, ah!
She keeps touching my chest in different places.
It's a lovely sight to behold, but also kinda embarrassing because it almost sounds like she's talking about a different part of the male body.
Well, I guess most everything about the male body can be described that way.
Hard, hot, firm.
In contrast, girls' bodies are soft, warm, and elastic.
Masaya: Can I touch you too, Mashiro? I really want to.
Mashiro: Huh? Ah, um... you don't have to ask for permission. My body is all yours.
Masaya: Thanks.
Mashiro: Mmm, Senpai... Mmmph...
I place a soft kiss on her lips, then take off the slip.
Now I finally get to see her underwear.
Masaya: Your underwear's <i>really</i> cute, Mashiro.
Just the thought wasn't enough. I felt I had to say it too.
For a moment, I consider that maybe that sounded creepy, but...
Mashiro: Thank goodness...
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: I was just going to say, um... I'm glad you like them.
Masaya: Well, I'm glad you're glad.
We share bashful smiles.
Gotta say, though...
She's <i>really</i> sexy. I know I've said that before, but seeing her completely naked makes that hit home.
I end up audibly gulping.
I mean...
Her breasts may be on the smaller side, but there's still a definite volume to them.
And down below, I see a straight line indentation in her panties. It's a part of her I've yet to explore.
Then her pale skin. I already know how silky smooth and soft it is.
Aside from that, her cute, tiny ears, and her small neck and warm hands.
And not to mention her beautiful hair, which gives off that sweet aroma.
She's saying all of that is mine.
Of course I want to give her my everything too, but it hardly seems like an equal exchange in my eyes.
Mashiro: Haaah... Mmm, mnnn... Senpai...
First, we touch and rub our cheeks and ears together.
Mashiro's body seems more sensitive than mine, so she's being continuously forced into defense.
But I want to see more of those cute faces and moans.
Mashiro: Haaah, mmm, mnnn... Senpai... Mnnn, ah, ah...
Her breasts feel far more real and closer to me than when I was touching them over her uniform.
They have a soft, squishy sensation to them. In addition, the pounding of her heart also spreads over to me through my fingertips.
Mashiro: Ah... Not there... That's embarrassing...
Her face has gone bright red.
Seems like she's caught on from the way I'm touching her that I'm seriously trying to pleasure her now.
Mashiro: Mmm, haaah... Mmm, mnnn?! Haaah, nnn... Mmmph... Haaah... Mmm... Mmmpch...
I put a slight bit of strength into my fingers as we kiss.
And as a result, her small boobs change shape inside my hands.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Mmm, mnnn, nmmm, haaah...
When I dig my fingers in, it pushes back.
I observe her reactions and control the strength I use, rhythmically alternating between weaker and stronger touches, until...
I abruptly apply more force than ever before.
Mashiro: Mmm... Ah, ah... Ahhh, aaaah!
Her body shakes and bends back.
And whenever I touch her, it shivers in response to the unknown sensation.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mnnn, ngh... Haaah, ahhh... Ah, Senpa--!
I slide my hands behind her back and unfasten the clasp of her bra.
Mashiro: Ah, ahhh...
I take her unhooked bra and put it aside, revealing her modest, bare breasts.
Due to the sweat covering her, Mashiro's pink nipples appear to be shining.
Mashiro: Urgh...
All she can do is let out an embarrassed groan.
Masaya: They're really cute, Mashiro.
Mashiro: I know that cute isn't a compliment women with big breasts would likely get... B-But I don't want pity because my breasts are small.
Considering the fact that she had to mention that, I'd say her deficiency weighs on her mind pretty heavily.
Mashiro: D-Don't stare at them so much...
Masaya: No, I will stare. I love your boobs, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Ngh!
Masaya: ...Huh?
I thought I'd hit her with a smooth line there, but it came out sounding like something a pervert would say.
I think I got the object wrong.
"Any guy would love his girlfriend's boobs." That would have worked... I think? I'm not sure.
Mashiro: How do you know you love them? This is your first time seeing them.
Masaya: Till death do us part, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Who are you talking to?
Masaya: "Senpai, we love you! Please hurry up and kiss us!"
Mashiro: Why would my boobs say something like that?!
Masaya: What are they saying, then?
Mashiro: Senpai... I hate to break it to you, but boobs don't talk.
Masaya: Well, yeah, but these are yours.
Mashiro: That makes no sense...
Mashiro: ...God.
Masaya: So, what do they say?
Mashiro: ...Please don't go too wild with us, Senpai... Also...
Mashiro: We love you. So p-please gently kiss us... That's what they say.
Masaya: I will, but no guarantees on the gentle part.
Mashiro: Ah, mmmmnnn...?! Mmm, mnnn, ahhh!
I latch onto one of her nipples, suck on it, then roll it around with my tongue. After that, I put the other one between my thumb and index finger to twist and pinch it.
Mashiro: Aaah, ah, ahhh...! I-I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Masaya: You don't have to apologize... I'm not gonna stop anyway.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ah, ah, kgh... Noo, stop... Ah, ah, ahhh...!
Her body bounces whenever I roll her nipple with my tongue or pinch the other nipple with my fingers.
I keep biting her nipple.
Mashiro: Aaah?! Ah, ah... No, don't...
Just like before, I rhythmically alternate between weak and strong as I stimulate her nipples.
Mashiro: Ah, ah... Mmm... Nnn, haaah... Mnnn...
Kiss after kiss, squeeze after squeeze, I keep showering Mashiro with love...
Following that, I use my mouth and fingers to lightly tug at both her nipples.
Mashiro: Mmmnnn! Mnnn, ah... Nnn, nmmm, ah... Mmm...
Right as I do that, her pale body bends backward forcefully, then limply falls back onto the bed again.
I start back up, switching which nipple I kiss and which one I fondle this time.
Mashiro: Mmm, ah, ah, ah... Senpai, haaah, ah, Senpaaai...
I feel like her nipples have grown a little more firm and erect now.
Her high-pitched, cute moans have also started to sound more sexual.
I lightly squash her erect nipple with the tip of my tongue.
Mashiro: Ahhh! Mmm, ah, ah, ah...
I grip the other boob somewhat strongly with my palm, and the skin juts out between my fingers.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah, mmm... Senpai, Senpai, Senpaaai...!
Masaya: Oh, I forgot to ask. I'm not hurting you, am I?
I suddenly get a little worried, so I stop my hand and mouth to ask her.
Mashiro: Ah, ahhh... Senpai... Urgh... You're so mean...
Masaya: Sorry. Did it hurt?
Mashiro: The tips feel... really... mmm, tingly... Haaah... Haaah...
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: Urgh...
Masaya: Ah...
Seeing her teary-eyed face, I finally get what she means.
It <i>doesn't</i> hurt... then she's experiencing pleasure.
Now that I know she's teary-eyed because I stopped, I can't help but think how cute that is. But I'd feel awful if I kept her waiting just to tease her.
Masaya: Sorry.
Mashiro: Ah... Mmm, mnnn... Mmmph... Mmmpch...
I kiss her to apologize.
Following that, I go back to playing with her boobs, choosing to start off rough this time.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ah, ahhh...!
I proceed to suck so hard it could leave a hickey.
Then, I use both my tongue and fingers to suck on, scratch, lick, poke, flick, and squish her nipples.
Mashiro: Haaah, mmm... Ah, ah, mnnn... Ah, ahhh... Ahhh, ahhh...
That's not all, though. I also pinch, twist, bite, and pull up her nipples, then run my lips over the areola and knead her breasts.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ahhh... Ahhh, ah, ah, ah...! Ah, ah, ahhh...
It's incredibly adorable how she's just shaking her head, trying to withstand the pleasure, so I keep teasing her without pause.
Mashiro: Haaaaaah! Ah, ah, ah, ahhh...! Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, haaah, ah, haaaaaaaaah...!
Her body was shaking, but now it begins to tremble. Her back bends in a wide arc as she moans louder than ever before. At this point, I pause my actions for the time being.
Mashiro: Haaaaaah... Haaah... Nnn, haaah...
She takes deep, heavy breaths.
Her pale white skin is now flushed a light pink hue. I vividly feel her hot, heavy breaths and her body heat.
And that makes me notice something... It's probably an unconscious action, but Mashiro's rubbing her thighs together.
To be honest, I don't think I can wait much longer.
Masaya: Mashiro...
I move a hand down to her inner thighs and spread her legs.
Mashiro: Ah...!
I don't know if it was out of embarrassment, or simply a reflex, but she immediately squeezes them shut again.
Mashiro: Ah...
Once she realizes what she just did, her facial expression becomes more distraught.
Maybe that was my fault. If so, I've messed up big time.
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry, Senpai... Y-You just kind of startled me there, so I...!
Masaya: Don't cry, Mashiro. Getting embarrassed is normal.
I know she didn't do it because she was against me touching her or anything.
Assuming a position where you spread your legs is incredibly awkward for just about anyone in any situation.
But I still want to see. I can't hold back.
Masaya: I'm gonna spread your legs again, Mashiro. Are you ready?
I know I'm asking her to do something real embarrassing... so I also need to assume some responsibility by taking the initiative.
Mashiro: Yeah. Go right ahead.
I place my hands on her thighs and spread her legs open.
Mashiro doesn't resist. If anything, I can feel her helping me.
Mashiro: Also, um, I've never really explored it myself...
Mashiro: It's only for you...
This time, she accepts me.
The sight of the woman I love opening her body to me fully is so magical that I feel dizzy just looking at her.
I'd love to just keep staring forever, but...
Mashiro: Ngh!
I don't want her to have to bear that embarrassment.
Instead, I need to hurry up and start touching.
Though honestly, my desire to do that far outweighs my desire to stare.
I stretch my hand out to her crotch.
Mashiro: Mmm, kgh...!
It feels hot.
I can physically sense an incredible heat beyond that cloth.
I start out by touching her crotch over her panties, slightly pushing my finger into it.
Tracing its contour has made a straight, vertical line appear.
Mashiro: Ah, ah... Th-That's...!
I proceed to run my finger up and down that line.
Mashiro: Nooo, not there... Ah, ah, ahhh, I...
After finding a wet spot, I push my finger into the cloth there, enlarging it.
Mashiro: Mmm, mnnn, mmmnnn...!
I strongly rub my finger against her slit as I keep moving up and down along it.
Mashiro: Mnnn, nmmm, nnn... Ah, ah, ah, ahhh! Haaah!
Over and over, I rub up, down, up, down with my finger until I manage to get into the groove of it.
Mashiro: No, mmm, ah, stop... Ah, ahhh... Aaah, you... need to stop... Ah, ah, ahhh!
Eventually, the stain on her panties becomes a vertical line.
And it continues to spread outward.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Her shoulders go up and down as she heaves.
Mashiro: Ah... Haaah... Um... Senpai...?
Masaya: Hm?
Mashiro: Um... you see...
Masaya: Yeah?
She's clearly having a hard time voicing her thoughts.
Mashiro: A little bit... lower...
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: Ngh!
It kinda looks like she wants to just crawl into a hole right now.
I think about the true meaning of her words for a moment.
...Oh, that's what she meant.
I finally realize what she must've been trying to say.
I guess she misunderstood why I was moving my finger up and down. She thought I was searching for something.
Which means she's telling me where the hole is.
I see her lower body wriggling around a lot more than it was before, so this must mean the pleasure she's feeling is pretty intense.
At this point, she's moaning whether she wants to or not.
Masaya: Okay, a little lower.
I nod at her as I say that.
Masaya: There it is.
I push her panties aside with my fingers.
Mashiro: Ah, you're... Ah, ah, ah, ahhh...!
Her voice is quivering from the embarrassment.
But I can't peel my eyes away from her pussy now.
Wow... I've never actually seen one before...
And it's also the first time I've seen <i>her</i> pussy.
It feels moist, almost sweltering.
The valley in between the squishy, slightly protruding lips forms a beautiful, straight slit.
And above that slit is a small, fleshly bud.
This must be the clitoris.
The slit itself is tightly shut.
But there's a sticky, shiny, and transparent fluid leaking out from inside.
It forms a pearl as it grows bigger and bigger, but then once it gets too large, it succumbs to gravity and drips down.
Looking closer, I realize that this liquid is giving her pussy a wet gleam, while the heat makes it soft and soggy.
I find transparent strings of that same fluid connecting to her panties.
And using my finger, I scoop some of it up.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ahhh...
A small pearl of her vaginal juices now rests on my finger.
I wipe over it with my thumb, which produces a sticky, shiny string that extends between it and my index finger.
My heart's pounding so hard it feels like it might explode. My mind's gone numb from all the heat, putting me in a dreamlike state.
I force all the words and saliva down my throat.
I've never felt this horny in my life.
Mashiro: Ah...!
I move to properly touch her, and seeing that, her body flinches.
Mashiro: Ugh, urgh... Urgh...
But it doesn't seem like she can give voice to her feelings.
As for me, I guess my raging sexual desire is driving all my actions by this point.
I'm touching her pussy right now. Just that fact alone is making me feel dizzy.
Mashiro: Mmmm, ah... Ah, ah, ahhh!
No matter how I touch her, my fingers always end up wet.
Mashiro: Mmm, ahhh! Ah, ah, your finger's moving...!
I don't even fully understand how I'm moving my fingers.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, that's... Aaah, ah, ah... Ah, ah, ah!
But I have to be gentle. I can't forget that I have to treat her lovingly.
Mashiro: Mmm, ahhh! Wh-What are you...? Aaah, ah, ah, ahhh!
I want to hear more of those cute moans.
Mashiro: Mmm, nnn, nmmm! Mmm... Mnnn... mhh, Senpai...!
I don't want to remove my finger ever again.
Mashiro: Mmm, ah, mnnn, nmmm... Haaah... Ah, ah, Senpai...!
Masaya: ......
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ahhh... Mmm, ah, ah, Senpai... Senpai...!
Masaya: ...Huh? Ah?
Mashiro: Ah, mmm, ahhh... Mmm, nnn... Senpai... Senpai... Senpai...!
I regain my bearings and see Mashiro shouting my name as she tries to withstand the waves of pleasure assaulting her.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ah, mmm... Mmm...!
Her eyes, her voice, her motions... It's like everything about her is lusting after me.
My dick is already burning and twitching.
I'm no better than Mashiro. I'm so horny that my boxers already have precum on them.
Masaya: Mashiro... I can't wait any longer...
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Senpaaai...
The pleasure is so strong that she can barely speak, but she still passionately calls out to me.
Mashiro: Senpaaai... I wan, I wan you... peeze...
Masaya: Got it.
I quickly take off my boxers and position my fully-erect dick, which is wet with precum.
Mashiro: ...Ngh!
Her eyes widen as she pants, and her already red face gets even redder. It's such an incredibly cute sight.
Mashiro: Ah, it's touching me...
Masaya: Just a little.
I barely sink the tip of my dick into her pussy, then rub it up and down.
Mashiro: Ah... Mmm...
I just wanted to test out the friction, but damn... this already feels way too good.
My precum mixes with Mashiro's fluids, forming foam and creating a squelching noise.
It really feels weird.
It's not solely the pleasure. There's something just plain satisfying about this.
Masaya: Are you scared?
Mashiro: Just a little...
Only natural. There's pain involved for her.
Masaya: Haha... To be perfectly honest, me too.
Mashiro: You also feel scared?
Masaya: Yep. Got no clue why, though.
Masaya: ...Sorry. I know you have it a lot harder than I do.
Mashiro: No, don't apologize... I feel a lot better knowing you're just as nervous as me.
Masaya: I am excited to see what happens, though.
Mashiro: Huh?
Masaya: Only you and I will ever know what happens tonight, so I'm expecting to see some faces and hear some noises you didn't even know you could make.
Mashiro: Okay, but all your faces and moans belong to me as well, then.
Masaya: Sounds fair.
The excitement heavily outweighs the fear.
But we're weak, which is why the negative emotions always come to the forefront.
The person we love is before us, laying themselves bare, ready to accept everything and reciprocate our love for them.
There can be no greater happiness than this, Mashiro.
There's no one else I'd rather share this experience with.
Our love will only grow as we give shape to it tonight.
Mashiro: Senpai, um...
Masaya: Yeah?
Mashiro: Try to make it as painless as possible...
Mashiro: Wait, let me rephrase that. Please make me feel good.
Masaya: Of course.
Mashiro: Thanks.
With that, I finally slip the tip of my dick inside her.
Mashiro: Mmm, mnnn... Mmm... Mmm... ou...ch...
Masaya: Ngh!
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhh...!
This is only the beginning.
But her pussy is so tight and hard that I have to push forward if I want my dick to travel any further.
Yeah... I can see how this would hurt.
I can practically feel the severe amount of pain she's in just from having my dick inside her like this.
Masaya: Are you doing okay, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Ugh, ughhh...! Ahhh, haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Mashiro: Hehehe, I'm... fine.
Masaya: At least try a little harder if you're gonna lie...
Mashiro: Ah, ugh... Mmm, well, I mean, just because it hurts... doesn't mean we need to stop.
Mashiro: I'm fine... because... kgh, ah, you're here with me...
Mashiro: Ugh, ugh...! Right now, you love me more... than you ever have, don't you?
Masaya: Yeah, without a doubt.
Mashiro: Ugh, kgh... but Senpai, I don't know... how much longer I can take this...
Masaya: Sorry.
I have to stop having second thoughts.
I'm not trying to hurt her. I want to feel pleasure, and so does she.
I can't chicken out just because it might hurt a little at the start. I just have to push forward to make Mashiro feel good.
I tense up my lower body and drive my dick into her depths.
Mashiro: Ugh... Kgh, haaah... Kgh, ahhh...! Ah, ahhh, ah...!
I don't stop until the head and shaft are all the way inside.
Mashiro: Mmm, kgh, mmm, ah... Ah, ah...! Ahhh, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhh!
In all honesty, I'm already feeling pretty good.
Her soft, hot, and tight pussy wriggles, stimulating me with pleasure every second.
Mashiro: Kgh... Ugh...! Ah, ah, ahhh, ahhh!
But while I'm feeling good, there's now blood flowing out of her because my dick has penetrated her hymen.
Plagued by extreme guilt, I continue to push deeper.
Mashiro: Ugh, ugh... Ah, kgh... Ugh..! Ah, ahhh, ahhh, ahhhhhh...!
After this painful, never-ending insertion, finally...
Masaya: Ah...!
Mashiro: Mmm, ah... Ah, ahhh...!
My hips suddenly slide forward in one go and my crotch collides with Mashiro's.
My entire dick, from tip to base, is being squeezed tight and assaulted by pleasure.
It's all the way in. I've penetrated up to Mashiro's womb.
Masaya: You did great, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Ahhh... Haaah... Um, you mean...?
Masaya: Yeah. It's all the way in.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... I see... Haaah... Haaah... Phew...
She lets out a big sigh of relief.
And then, we take a few moments to catch our breaths.
Mashiro: O-Okay, Senpai, it's time for you to make me feel good.
Masaya: Got it.
It's <i>definitely</i> still gonna hurt for her for a while, but she still urges me to move, which means I owe it to her to make her feel good.
Her pussy feels incredibly good.
I get the urge to start thrusting like a madman, but I have to consider her. Nothing would make me feel worse than hurting her.
Slowly... very slowly, I start to move my hips in a rhythmical fashion.
Mashiro: Mnnn, mmm... Ah, haaah... Senpai...!
The friction feels a little less severe than before.
Mashiro: Ugh, ah, ahhh... Senpai... Mmm, mnnn... Haaah!
After watching how she reacts for a bit, I pick up the pace slightly.
My heart is beating so damn fast right now. I don't even want to imagine how rough I'd end up going if I cut loose.
Mashiro: Ah... Ugh, ugh... Kgh, ah, mmm, ahhh..!
I suddenly notice some half-dried tears in the corners of her eyes and wipe them away with my thumb.
Mashiro: Ah, ah... Ah, ah... Senpai... Mmm, mnnn, ahhh...!
I sense that she wants a kiss, so I place my lips on hers.
Mashiro: Senpai... Mmm, mnnn... Mmmph... Mmm... Nmm, nnn... Mmmpch... Mmmph...
Mashiro: Mmm... Mmmph... Mnnn, nnn... Mmmph... Mmmpch...
She comes at me passionately.
Maybe she'd been wanting one for much longer and I just failed to notice.
Mashiro: Mmm, kgh... Nnn, nnnmmm, nmm... Mmmph... Mmm, mnnn...!
I'm gradually getting the hang of thrusting my hips while kissing.
Masaya: You're so adorable.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mmmph...! Mnnn, nnn, nmmm... Mmmpch!
Masaya: Ah...!
The moment I relax, thinking I've gotten used to it, her pussy clamps down hard on my dick.
I almost came right there. Fortunately, I managed to keep it in.
Mashiro: S-Senpaaai...?
Mashiro, having no idea what happened, calls out to me in confusion after I stop moving.
Masaya: It's nothing.
I reassure her, then go back to kissing and swinging my hips.
Mashiro: Senpaaai, mmm, mnnn... Mmmph... Mmm, mnnn, nnn... Nnn, nmmm... Mmmph... Mmmph... Mmm... Mmmpch...
I'm in a state where I could cum at any moment, but what about Mashiro?
Is she still fighting the pain or is she starting to feel pleasure at last?
I change up my movements and observe how Mashiro reacts.
Mashiro: Mmm, mnnn... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Haaah... Haaah... Nnn, nmmm, mnnn... Ah, Senpai... Mmmph!
Mashiro: Mmm, Senpai...! Mnnn, mmm... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Nnn, nmmm, mmm... Mmmpch...
I'm not mishearing those moans, am I?
Sounds to me like someone's feeling pleasure...
Admittedly, it could also be that her mind's just gone numb from all the kissing.
Still, she looks fine, so maybe...
I decide to thrust a little harder. I want her to experience the same heightened pleasure that I am.
I'm not that far away from my climax, so I want to keep going at this pace until then.
Mashiro: Ahhh! Ahhh, mmm! Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh... Aaah, ah, ah, ah...!
Can't forget the kisses.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mnnn... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Mmm, haaah, mnnn...
Our crotches are sticky and wet with her juices.
The pleasure amplifies as I speed up. Each thrust is accompanied by a slapping sound as I ram into her.
Mashiro: Haaah, ah, mmm, ahhh, mnnn... Mmmph... Mmm, nnn... Mmm... Mmmpch... Ah, ah, ah, ah, haaah!
I can't stop my hips.
Mashiro: Ahhhhhh! S-Senpai... Mmm, ahhh, mmm... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Mmm, mnnn... Ah, ah, ahhh!
We passionately intertwine our tongues as we impatiently rub our genitals together.
Mashiro: Mmmpch... Mmmph... Haaah, haah, aaah, S-Senpaaai...
Masaya: What's wrong?
Mashiro: Mmm, ah, mmm, mnnn, nmmm, ah, nnn, mmm...
Mashiro: Ahm feeli' sho... mmm, good... aight now...
Masaya: ...Same here.
Mashiro: Senpaaai... Mmm... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Mmmnnn...
Masaya: What is it now? Oh... you wanna kiss more?
Mashiro: I'm fine now... Mmm... I love this... I love this...!
Masaya: Sure you weren't thinking out loud there at the end?
Mashiro: You can... go faster... Haaah, mnnn... Mmmph... Feel better... Mmmnnn!
She's just so adorable that the second I figure out what she's trying to say, I wrap my arms around her and start passionately making out with her.
Mashiro: Senpaaai... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Mmm... Mmmph... Mmm... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Mmmph... Mmmph...
I make sure to save up energy in my hips as I fight against her crazed kissing onslaught.
Masaya: It's time, Mashiro. Here we go.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mmmnnn! Mnnn, ahhhhhhhhh...!
After that, I thrust my dick into her with force.
Mashiro: You're... thrusting into... Mmm, mnnn... Mmmph... Ah, ah, ah... Ahhh!
I slam my hips into her with everything I have.
Mashiro: Mmm, nnn, nmmm... Mmmph... Nnn, nmmm, ah, ah, haaah! Haaah, ahhh, ah, mmm!
It looks like her body's so tense that she can't move.
Her cute nipples suddenly catch my eye. I quickly press down on one with my tongue, then lick all over it.
Mashiro: Mmm, haaah, mnnn, nnn, nmmm... Senpai... My nipple... Senpaaai...!
...I'm a bit curious about what she was trying to say there.
But instead of asking, I thrust my dick into her with increased vigor.
Mashiro: Mmm, mnnn, mmm, mmmnnn, ah... ah, nmh... Nnn, nmmm... Mmmph... Haaah, haaah...!
The head pulls on her vaginal walls and pleats as it slides out, stretching them to the point where they flib about. That process repeats as I go in and out, in and out.
The room is filled with the lewd, squelching sounds of sex.
The mixture of our fluids has even begun to take on a white color because of all the friction.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ahhh... Mmm, mnnn, nnn, nmmm, ah, ah, ahhh!
Mashiro: Senpaii... Mmm, mnnn, Masaya-senpaai...!
She shouts my name.
And I keep lusting after her without pause.
Mashiro: Mmm, ah, ah, mnnn... Ahhh, ah, ah, ah... Mnnn, nmmm, nnn...!
Her voice is growing louder.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ah, ah, haaah... Ah, ah, ahhh!
We're subconsciously trying to time our motions together.
Mashiro: Nnn, nmmm, mmm... Mmmpch... Mmmnnn... Mmm!
And through kissing, we do just that.
Mashiro: Mmm, ah, ah, ah... Ahhh, nnn, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, nnnmmm! Ah, ahhh!
Together, we race toward climax.
Mashiro: Mnnn, nnn... Nmmm, haaah... Mmm, aaah, mmm... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Mmm, nnn, ah... Mmmnnn!
Somewhere inside my mind, I had the romantic thought of wanting to be connected with my Mashiro forever.
But now I no longer have the composure left to even entertain such thoughts.
Mashiro: Haaah, haaah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhh, Senpaaai! Masaya-senpaaai!
The way she's frantically shouting my name leads me to believe she's about to cum as well.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ahhh, ahhh, ah, ah, ahhh... Ah, ah, ahhh!
Masaya: Mmm, kgh...!
Mashiro: Nnn, mmm! Ah, ah, mmm, ah, ah, ah, ahhh...!
Masaya: Mashiro... I'm gonna...!
Mashiro: Mmm, ah, ah, ah, ahhh... Me... too... Ah, ahhh, ah, ah... Ahhh!
I feel like my brain's about to be fried from this heat.
Still, I don't stop moving, or lusting after her, for a second.
Masaya: Mashiro, Mashiro, Mashiro...!
Mashiro: Mmm, ah, ah, ah, ahhh... Senpaai, Senpai, Senpaaai!
Her body twists and convulses.
Even her pussy does this as it tightly squirms around my shaft.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ahhhhhh! Senpai... Senpai... Mmm, kgh, mnnn!
Her long, beautiful hair gets strewn about as she flails.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ahhh... Ahhhhhh! Senpai... Mmm, !
I can't hold it in!
My dick twitches inside of her pussy like I've never felt before.
The heat inside my body transforms into a hot load that I dump inside her.
Even as I'm ejaculating, her pussy keeps its grip on me strong.
Mashiro: Mmmm, ah... Nnn, ah, ah... Ah! Ahhh...!
Her small body twitches, but she takes it all in.
Masaya: You were great.
I stroke her head and kiss her lips.
Mashiro: Haaah, thanks... Mmm, nnnn... Mnnn, nmmm, Ah... Mmmnnn...
Our bodies drained, we exchange saliva one final time.
The love I feel for her, however, is still going strong.
Maybe it's even increased... No, it definitely has. It's practically overflowing.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Mashiro finally relaxes her body.
And then, the two of us calm our breathing.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Unlike the last moment when we both came, our breathing is no longer in sync.
But we can do that whenever we want from now on.
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Senpai...
Masaya: What's wrong?
Mashiro: I'd like to, um, kiss one more time.
Masaya: Heh...
Spoke too soon earlier, I guess.
Mashiro: Please?
Masaya: Sure thing. You didn't even have to say please, you know?
Mashiro: Senpaaai!
She gleefully latches herself onto me and presses her lips against mine.
Mashiro: Senpai... Mmm, nnn...
Mashiro: Mmm... Mnnn, ah... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Haaah, mmm... Mmmpch... Mmmph...
We kept touching and kissing for quite a while longer.
I took Mashiro home.
I was planning to head home afterward, but she wouldn't let me.
She held my sleeve like a spoiled child and wouldn't release it.
When I tried to calm her down, she responded in a low voice.
"I want you to give me the strength I need to fight Misaki-senpai."
...Pretty sure it took her a lot to say that.
And, of course, I knew exactly what she meant.
Mashiro: Senpai... I want to touch you so badly right now.
Around 30 minutes of small talk have passed when Mashiro finally says what's been on both of our minds.
Guess she needed time to prepare herself.
Masaya: I know it's just you and me here right now, but it feels real dirty to be doing this here, since it's technically our workplace.
Botan-san and Mashiro's dad aren't home at the moment.
Mashiro: Yeah... but they could get back any moment.
Masaya: Right. It'd be way too risky.
Mashiro: So if we're going to do this, you need to hurry up and and make up your mind.
She mumbles, visibly embarrassed.
Guess we weren't thinking <i>exactly</i> the same thing...
Mashiro: Today, um... I have something special I want to do to you.
Masaya: Oh, something special?
Mashiro: Yeah, um, I've been doing some research...
Masaya: You're making me real curious here.
Mashiro: I can't tell you what it's about, but the point is, I did my research. I know all about, um... making a man feel good with my boobs.
Uh, what? I thought she couldn't tell me...
Anyway...
Masaya: Your boobs...
Compelled by the surge of excitement, I glance at her chest.
Masaya: ......
Masaya: Maybe next time, okay?
I flash her a gentle smile as I stroke her head to pacify her.
Mashiro: ...Why are you smiling at me like that? It's weird.
Masaya: Uh...
Mashiro: You seem a lot nicer than you were that time I was crying.
I quickly avert my eyes to escape the doubtful look she's giving me.
I just don't want to hurt my precious girlfriend.
...But I can't possibly admit that.
Mashiro: Let me guess. You're thinking it's nothing but a pipe dream right now, aren't you? That I'll never be able to fit your penis between my boobs.
That's a bit of an overstatement, but she did get the gist right.
Mashiro: I know... There's no way I can actually satisfy you with these sad, pathetic boobs...
Masaya: I-I wasn't thinking that, I swear!
I quickly try to cheer her up before she spirals too far into depression mode.
Masaya: I'll admit I was trying to joke about it to hide my embarrassment, but your words really did make me happy.
Masaya: Just, um, I don't know how you picture doing this and all, but I'm not sure it'll go exactly as you think it will...
Mashiro: Mmmph...
Masaya: Ngh?!
I brought my face closer in the process of explaining things, and she surprised me with a peck on my lips.
Mashiro: Hehehe.
Mashiro smiles like she just pulled off a successful prank.
Masaya: ...Was that all an act?
Mashiro: Oh, no worries, Senpai. I now know <i>exactly</i> how worried you are about me potentially not being able to please you with my tiny, meager breasts.
Damn, that smile is scaring me. She's definitely not gonna let it go.
Mashiro: I'll have you squealing like a pig.
Masaya: Wasn't the whole reason for you taking the lead today so we could be quiet...?
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Hm? Mashiro...?
Mashiro: Hurry up, Senpai.
She still wants me to initiate the kisses even though she's asking to be in the driver's seat?
Masaya: We can't turn back if we kiss.
Mashiro: And that's fine by me.
Masaya: ...Well, don't go blaming me if anything goes wrong.
Mashiro: Mmm...!
Mashiro: Mmm, nnn, Mmmph... Nnn...
She clings to me while we kiss, then pushes me down.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Nmmm... Nnn!
We kiss sloppily as we grope around each other's bodies and clothes.
Masaya: Kgh...
She's doing her very best to wrap her modest breasts around my member.
The sensation of soft skin pressing up against it is sheer bliss.
And the heat I can feel on it gets me even more erect.
The fact that she's staring at it in a daze might be another contributing factor, though.
Masaya: Hey, Mashiro...?
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: Earth to Mashiro?
Mashiro: Huh...? Oh, I-I'm sorry.
Mashiro: I just spaced out for a second... I've never actually seen your penis from this close.
I guess seeing it was too much for her despite the fact that she asked for this.
The slight frown on her face is probably there because she's feeling nervous.
Mashiro: Ah! Th-The head seems to be twitching!
Masaya: I could do without the live commentary...
I'm so embarrassed that I feel like crying.
Mashiro: Really? You teased me the whole time when you were in my position.
Masaya: ...Did I?
Mashiro: Okay. I <i>think</i> I know what to do now.
Masaya: Hey!
She probably does not, in fact, know what to do.
Mashiro: Um, please be cooperative.
She's starting out with a bow to my dick.
In response, my dick jumps up almost like it's responding.
...Man, this is <i>really</i> embarrassing.
Mashiro: O-Okay... Here I go. Mmm, so...
She starts pressing her boobs up against my dick and rubbing them against it.
Mashiro: Mnnn, nnn...
Masaya: Kgh...
Mashiro: Mmm, ah, haaah... Haaah...!
Her skin is silky smooth.
And also soft and warm.
But like I expected, the sensation is far from any real stimulation.
Mashiro: Senpai, um... I'm guessing it doesn't feel all that great?
Masaya: It feels great, Mashiro. The fact that you're giving this your all makes me feel blessed.
Mashiro: But you, um... I'm not sure exactly how to describe it... but you seem less energetic.
Masaya: Listen, I'm saying you're doing fine.
Mashiro: It's okay. I know what to do, Senpai.
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: I know my tiny boobs can't do much, so I'll make up for it with something else.
Masaya: Don't say that, Mashiro. You're not--
She takes both hairclips off without even waiting for me to finish my sentence.
And immediately, her long hair falls down.
This might actually be my first time seeing her with her hair down.
Man, she looks pretty damn cute this way too...
Masaya: Wait, Mashiro...?!
She quickly winds her beautiful hair around my shaft, giving me no time to appreciate this new look on her.
Mashiro: I just hope this actually makes you feel good...
Her hair, which is tightly wrapping around my shaft, gives me a type of pleasure I've never experienced before. That alone is making my dick twitch.
I really want to know where she learned this...
Masaya: It already feels pretty nice... but are you sure? Your hair's gonna get dirty.
Mashiro: Every part of my body belongs to you anyway. If it still bothers you, though, then take a bath with me later and wash my hair for me.
Masaya: Sure. I'll even dry it for you.
How is that a punishment?
Mashiro: Oh, but I'll be wearing a swimsuit.
Masaya: Huh?!
Mashiro: Wh-What, did you expect me to get naked?! I might l-love you, but that's still way too embarrassing!
Is she forgetting what she's doing right now?
Masaya: Still, I'll be taking a bath with you in a swimsuit. I might get a little horny...
Mashiro: ...W-Well, if you absolutely need to, I don't mind doing <i>things</i> in the bath. Just, um, as long as you set the right mood...
Masaya: What should I do to set the right mood?
Mashiro: If you kiss me sweetly...
This seems more like a bonus than a punishment.
Man... I'm such a lucky guy. How'd I ever land such a cute girl?
I refuse to let anyone else have her.
Masaya: Mashiro.
Mashiro: What is it, Senpai?
Masaya: Can I go ahead and fuck you really hard right now?
Mashiro: N-No way! Why are you even asking that?! <i>I'm</i> the one who's taking the lead today! We've already talked about this!
Masaya: Haha, right.
I didn't forget. It's just that what she said hit me so hard I'm having a terrible time trying to control my urges.
Mashiro: ......
Masaya: What, are you actually thinking you might <i>want</i> to let me plow you?
Mashiro: A-A-A-A-A-Absolutely not!
That's a little much, considering my guess was supposedly off...
Mashiro: Just relax and let me make you feel good.
Masaya: Okay...
Her foreplay continues.
This is pretty intense...
In addition to the friction provided by her small breasts, there are now hundreds, or even thousands, of hairs wrapped around my shaft. They add rough, tingly sensations to the pleasure.
My dick twitches repeatedly in response.
Mashiro: Haaah... Mmm, it's... so hot.
Mashiro keeps stroking my dick, gazing at it fixedly, like she's in some kind of daze.
Precum starts leaking out of the tip, which Mashiro rubs over her breasts, smearing it onto them.
The dirty smell wafts through the air as it provides lubrication to speed up her movements.
My dick is now a dark red color. It's swelling up little by little.
This new pleasure is accelerating me toward orgasm faster than I've ever experienced before.
But now that we're doing this, there's also one more thing I'd really, <i>really</i> like her to do.
I mean, you see it all the time in porn... I'm definitely not going to force her, but it'd be like the cherry on top.
Mashiro: Mmmph...
Masaya: Ah!
I find myself more startled by her action than the pleasure.
My dick also jerks up in response.
Mashiro: Ahhh!
As it springs back to its original position, it slaps an equally surprised Mashiro on the cheek.
Mashiro: S-Sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. That didn't gross you out, did it...? I figured it might make you happy.
She looks at me, worried.
Masaya: It made me plenty happy, Mashiro.
I was just about to ask her to use her mouth when she did that, to be honest.
Masaya: So, um... thank you.
Mashiro: Oh? What's that grin I see on your face, Senpai?
Masaya: Uh...
Mashiro: Hehe... I'm really glad to hear that. I probably suck at it, but I'll try my absolute best.
She gives me a determined nod, moves her head closer, and...
Mashiro: Mmmph... Mmm...
Mashiro: Haaah, nnn... Mmmph... Mmmph...
Her small tongue and cute lips touch the head of my dick.
Wherever she licks me, a small trail of saliva is left behind.
Mashiro: Mmm... Your penis is twitching and swelling up...
My heart pounds as I see her smile with wet lips.
Mashiro: Mmmpch... Nmmm, nnn... Mmmph... Mmmph...
She showers me with kisses like pecks from a little bird.
Mashiro: Mmmph... Mnnn... Nnn, nmmm, mnnn...
Then, she tilts her head to lick the side.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mmmph... Shlllp... It's twitching... Senpai, does it feel good?
Masaya: It feels amazing.
Mashiro: You're always weak to my charms... Mmm... Mmmph...
It's like she is trying out everything she can think of.
Now she's added additional stimulation by sucking on it in between the kisses.
Mashiro: Mmm, ah... Shlllp... Shhhp... Shhhlllp... Ah...
Those faint nasal breaths are tickling my dick.
Mashiro: Hm... I have to make sure I don't scratch it with my teeth...
I just heard her whisper something a little frightening there...
It's something you often hear about happening, but having never experienced it before, I can't tell how painful it is. Don't wanna find out, either.
She swallows about half of the head with her tiny mouth.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mmmch... Mnnnch... Mmm... Chlllp... Chhhlp... Mmm...
Her pink tongue runs over the opening of my urethra, making my body tremble.
Mashiro: Mmmh, mnnn, nmmm... Nmmmch... It's so hot... nmmm... and big... Mmm... Mmmch...
She proceeds to shove more of my dick into her mouth.
Meaning more of it gets to experience the sensation of her insides.
Mashiro: Mmmch... Mnnnch... Nnnch... Mmm... Chhhlp... Haaah... your penis... is so big now...
This feels <i>way</i> too good.
Mashiro: Mmmch... Nnn, nmmm, mmm... Mmm... Shhhlp...
My dick is being assaulted by her breasts, hair, and mouth.
She devotedly pleasures me with all three of those methods.
Masaya: Kgh...
I'm slowly starting to feel a climax coming.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mnn... Shhhlllp... Mmmph, ah... Chhhpt... Chlll...
Apparently she's noticed herself, and started picking up the pace.
Mashiro: Mmmm... Mmmch... Mnnnch... Nmmmch... Nnn, nmmm, mnnn... Ahm, ah... Mmmch... Ah, ah... Chlllp... Chhhpt...
Masaya: Mashiro, you don't have to overdo it...
Mashiro: Hic... Ack... Ugh...!
Masaya: Look, what'd I just tell you...
I smile and rub her back as she coughs painfully.
Mashiro: B-But it felt good, right...?
Masaya: Huh?
Mashiro: I mean... it was twitching inside my mouth like crazy.
Masaya: Yeah, but I don't want you hurting yourself for that.
Mashiro: L-Let me suck it some more.
Mashiro: Ahm... Mmmch... Mmm... Nnnch... Nmmmch... Mnnnch... Mmm... Chlllp... Mmm... Mnnn... Shhhlllp...
The speed she's going at tells me she's trying to make me cum now.
Her tongue spreads and coils itself around my shaft at times, while at others, she folds it and pokes the tip.
Mashiro: Mmm, mnnn, mmmm... Mnnn, kgh, ah, nmmm... Shhhlp... Mmmnnn!
A transparent string forms between the tip of my dick and her mouth, but it only lasts for a second before she licks it up.
All this drool is making my dick a little soggy.
However, surprisingly enough, the adorable expressions she's making as she devotedly, but clumsily tries to please me are turning me on more than anything else.
Masaya: I'm almost there, Mashiro.
Mashiro: Mmm! Haaah, ah, mnn... Mmmch... Nnn... Nnnch... Nmmm... Nmmmch... Mnnn... Mnnnch... Mmmnnn!
Masaya: Kgh... Ah, ahhh...
Embarrassing as it is, I purposely let my moan leak out.
I need to give Mashiro verbal confirmation that she's doing a good job.
Mashiro: Mmm, ngh, mnnn... Shhhlllp... Ah, haaah... Ah, amh... Ah... Mmmch... Mmm!
Mashiro: Ah... Nnn... Nnnch... Senpai, ngh...!
My hips start moving, seeking out even more pleasure.
I can't stop...!
Mashiro: Haaah, nmmm, mmm... Mmmch... Mnnnch... Nnnch... Ngh, nnnmmm... Haaah, ah, haaah!
But Mashiro accepts my raging desire and grants me even more pleasure with her tongue and lips.
Masaya: Mashiro... I'm about to...!
Mashiro: Ah, mmm, mnnn... Mmmch... Go ahead.
Masaya: But at this rate, I'll...
Mashiro: Mmm, ngh... Mmmnnnch! Ahhh... You can cum... haaah, when you want... wherever you want...
Mashiro: I'm gonna... take it all in...
Masaya: Ah!
I seriously can't hold back anymore.
Mashiro: Mmm, mnnn, nmmm... Mmmch, mnnn, nnn, ah, kgh... Haaah, amh, mnnn, mmmnnn...
She wants to keep sucking until the very end.
What a dedicated girl...
Mashiro: Mmm, mmmm, nmmm... Ahm... Mmm... Mmmph, mmm... Mmmch... Ngh, mmm, nmmm, nnn, mnnn, mmm, nnn... Nnnmmm...!
Masaya: Mashiro, I'm cumming... I'm cumming...!
Mashiro: Senpai... Senpai, ngh, give it... to me... Ngh, mmm, mnnn, Aaahhh...!
Masaya: Kgh, Mashiro...!
The moment my mind goes blank, my convulsing dick bounces out of her mouth and...
Mashiro: Aaaaaaaaah!
My surging hot load splashes onto her face, hair, shoulders, and breasts.
Mashiro: Mmm, ah... Senpai... Ah, ah, ahhh...
Left with no other option, she takes my shower of semen in a daze.
An intense feeling of exhaustion washes over me and my entire body loses all control to my convulsing lower half.
Mashiro: Amazing... Mmm, haaah... Ah...
After firing off three or four spurts, my ejaculation finally stops.
Mashiro: Mmm, haaah... Such an intense smell...
Masaya: You okay, Mashiro?
Mashiro: I think the more important question is... did I have you squealing in pleasure...?
Masaya: I'm sure you saw and heard that for yourself.
Mashiro: Hehehe. My mouth feels a little sore, but if you liked it, it was worth the effort.
Masaya: So we can't kiss for a while?
Mashiro: No, it's like a wound. I need you to lick it lots to make it feel better...!
Mashiro: I'm sorry I wasn't able to satisfy you fully with my mouth, Senpai.
Masaya: That's not true. It felt incredible.
Masaya: Plus, I'm sure you and I both knew before we started that we wouldn't stop at just foreplay.
Mashiro: It'll probably still hurt, since this is only my second time, but I'll do my best to handle the pain...!
Not even a second later, I feel transparent drops fall down onto my stomach to form round, quivering pearls.
And they're coming from Mashiro's exposed crotch.
Her pussy is soaking wet. The overflowing juices form multiple strands, running down her thighs.
Mashiro: Urgh...
However, she appears ashamed of her body's reaction.
Masaya: Don't be embarrassed, Mashiro. I'm the one responsible for that.
Mashiro: Senpai... Do you still want a dirty girl like me as a wife someday...?
...That question really came out of the blue, but I guess that's just how embarrassing this is for her.
Masaya: Whenever you feel ready, you can go ahead and put my name on your future career questionnaire for the first, second, and third choices.
Mashiro: You promised me, okay? No going back now.
Masaya: Of course. Yours is gonna be the only thing I write on mine. So come on, lower your hips.
I urge her on as more hot drops drip down onto me.
I look up and gaze at it. Her pussy is so wet that it's giving off a gleam.
Mashiro: A-Am I supposed to do the moving myself? Um...
Masaya: Why hesitate? I thought you said you were taking the lead today.
Mashiro: ...Stop teasing me.
She starts lowering her hips, visibly embarrassed.
I support my dick and adjust its position. That's the least I can do, after all.
Slowly, inch by inch, her pussy gets closer.
And finally, I feel it on the tip of my dick.
Our fluids mix together.
Mashiro: Mmm... Ah, mnnn, nnn, nmmm!
I proceed to repeatedly draw circles with my glans by pressing it against her pussy.
Mashiro: Mmm...! Senpaaai...
Masaya: I'm ready when you are.
I give her a nod as she stops moving and lets out a tantalized voice. After that, she captures the tip with her slit.
Here we go...
Mashiro: Mmm... Haaah... Haaaaaah...
My dick is coated in the fluids gushing out of her.
It's on fire right now. I can feel the heat throughout my entire body.
Mashiro suddenly bends backwards like a wire was put through her back
Masaya: Now just bring it down nice and slow...
Mashiro: Senpai... Please don't look...
She implores me not to look with a faint voice. I'm guessing she finds it embarrassing for me to watch her as she inserts it.
Little by little, my dick makes its way inside.
Mashiro: Urgh, mmm... Nnn...
Once it reaches a relatively deep distance, her upper body starts wriggling around.
This feels amazing!
Mashiro: Mmm... Ah, mmm... Ah... Ah, ahhh...!
I pierce into her pussy, spreading it open as I thrust forcefully. I can feel my head rubbing up against each of the countless wriggling pleats in there.
Mashiro: Haaah... I can... feel it...!
She's bending backward, obviously struggling against the seething foreign object invading her body.
As I advance further, more and more of her juices come gushing out.
After those few seconds that feel like an eternity, my dick hits a bump.
Mashiro: Haaah, aaah... You just hit my... womb... Your penis is so big... I can feel all of it inside me...
Her body trembles.
Masaya: You okay, Mashiro...?
Mashiro: I-I don't think so... I-I can't even think straight... Ahhh...
Her breathing is ragged and slightly sexual.
Her body keeps trembling lightly, like she's convulsing and relishing some sort of sensation.
Before anything else, I need to confirm what she wants to do.
Mashiro: Okay... I'll start moving now.
Masaya: You sure you're ready?
Mashiro: Well, I just... mmm, want you... to feel good...
Masaya: Ah...!
Mashiro: Ah! I feel like it just got bigger...
Right...
Mashiro's only had one objective from the start: to pleasure me.
However...
I grasp Mashiro's hands.
Masaya: Should be good to go.
Mashiro: Senpai...?
Masaya: Don't forget, I want you to feel good too, Mashiro. We can feel good together.
Mashiro: Ahhh! Ah, ah, ah...!
I take firm hold of her waist area, then thrust upward as hard as I can.
Mashiro: Mmm, ah, ah, ahhh, Senpai...!
I'm sure I'll get to see this face of hers right now thousands of times in the future. And she's probably thinking the exact same thing.
With how strongly we feel about each other, I can't imagine we'll ever tire of having sex.
There are countless different paths our future can take, but I hope that in each of them, we'll always want each other like this.
Though, relationships aren't all about sex. I need to work hard in other areas to keep it strong and passionate.
Mashiro: Ah...! Ah, ah, mmm, ah, haaah... So rough...!
While she's writhing about in pleasure, I keep pounding relentlessly.
My dick has grown considerably, so I rub around her walls with each thrust.
Mashiro: Ahhhhhh!
Once I've reached her womb, I twist my hips to provide a different, but intense stimulus.
Mashiro: Nmmm, nnn, mnnn...! Mmm, ahhh! Ah, ahhh...! Ahhh...!
She's started to press her crotch against me, using my dick as an axis to rotate.
I'm guessing she must be doing it on a subconscious level...
Mashiro: Ah, ahhh, Senpai... Senpai...!
We lose ourselves in the act.
We press and rub our genitals together as I continuously thrust in and out of her forcefully, but also swiftly, trying to reach deeper.
Loud splooshing sounds fill the room.
It enters my ears, melting my brain and preventing me from thinking.
The hot mixture of our fluids splashes everywhere as we move.
Mashiro: Haaah, mmm, kgh, ah, ah, ah, ahhh!
Mashiro: Senpai! It feels so good, Senpaaai...!
The pleasure from our hot, passionate sex is unlike anything else.
She's not showing any signs of pain, so I won't slow down at all.
I keep driving my dick into her, again and again, almost like I'm skewering her.
Mashiro: Ahhh! It's so deep... Amazing... I can feel... the shape of your penis...!
I also try to focus on the sensation of her pussy.
I feel like it was kind of rejecting me the first time we had sex, but today, it's coiling around me tightly.
Almost like it's telling me it won't let go.
Mashiro: Ah, ahhh, ah, mmm... Yes, right there! Right there... Right there... Mmm, mnnn...!
She's just so adorable.
I keep thrusting, again and again, hoping to hear more of those cute moans and see more of her pleasure-ridden faces.
Her pale body bounces on top of me, hair and all. I also see her modest boobs jiggling about.
I reach out and proceed to touch her breasts, her sides, and her stomach.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ah, no, nooo...!
Still, I don't forget to thrust as hard as I can as I physically lift up her body.
Mashiro: S-Senpaaai...!
Her lips are moving around like she wants something.
And I know exactly what it is. A kiss.
Mashiro: Mmm... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Nmmm... Mnnn, nnn, mnnn, mmm... Mmmph...
She pleadingly stretches out her tongue and welcomes me inside.
Mashiro: Mmm, ah... Mmmph... Nnn, nnn, nmmm... Mmmpch...! Mmmph... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Nnnmmm...
Mashiro: Nnn... Mmmpch... Mmmph... Mmmpch... Mmm... Mmmph... Mnnn... Mmmph... Ah, aaah... Haaah, haaah...
Even after our lips have parted, her mouth keeps opening and closing longingly.
That's so damn adorable that I go in for another kiss.
Mashiro: Haaah, ah, ah... Ahhh, mmm, ahhh, ah, ahhh... Mnnn, ah, ah, ah!
The intense vertical and horizontal movement of our crotches has made the blend of our bodily fluids foam up into a white color.
I'm getting closer to cumming with each passing second.
Mashiro: Ahhh, mm, ah, ah, ah, mnnn, mmmnnn...!
Mashiro: Mmm, kgh, mnnn... Senpai, I'm... I'm gonna...!
Masaya: Me... too!
Mashiro: Ahhh! Ah, ah, mmm, kgh!
Sensing chills of pleasure creeping up my spine, I enter the final stretch and keep thrusting my dick.
Mashiro: Mmm, nnn, nmmm, mnnn... Ah, ah, even harder... Ahhhh...!
I can barely feel my lower body at all. It must've gone numb from all the pleasure.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ah, ahhh... Ah, nnn, mmm...!
A trembling sensation that signals my climax crawls up my spine and tingles at my neck.
Once it reaches my head, it's over.
Mashiro: Ah, ahhh... Senpai... Senpaaai...!
She's shaking her head fervently, throwing her pale body about in the process. It's almost as if she's scared of the surging pleasure.
That expression, her voice, her movements... I can't get enough of it.
Mashiro: Ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhh...!
Finally, the trembling shoots into my head.
Masaya: Mashiro...!
Mashiro: Senpai, Senpai, Senpai, Senpai...!
Suddenly, I feel her pussy clamp down on me like a vice.
This is it...!
Mashiro: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! Ah, ahhh... Ah, ah, ah! Ahhhhhh!
Masaya: Nnn, kgh...!
Mashiro: Ahhhhhhhhh! Ah, ah, ahhhhhh! Ah, ah, ahhh...
Holy shit...
I can't stop cumming!
Mashiro: Mmmm, mnnn, nnn, nmmm, mmm... Ah, ahhh, haaah, haaah... Ahhhhhh...!
My dick pulsates as it continues to pump more and more semen into her depths, knocking against her womb each time.
Mashiro: Ahhh... Wow... it's so hot...!
Mashiro: Ahhh... Ah, ah, ahhh... It finally... stopped... Mmmnnn...
Masaya: You okay, Mashiro...?
Mashiro: Haaah... Haaah... Senpai, that was amazing...
Mashiro: My head went completely blank... I was in heaven...
Masaya: Me too, Mashiro. Me too...
I gently stroke my precious girlfriend's head.
Misaki: By the way, you're a guy, right Masaya?
Masaya: What, you doubt me or something?
Misaki: Just figured it was about time you showed me some proof.
Masaya: You sure you want that?
Misaki: According to some info I got off the black market, guys are supposed to be <i>way</i> more obsessed with sex than girls.
Masaya: I think most people know that without having to use the black market.
Misaki: Well, it can't be true. All you've done is kiss me.
Masaya: I can assure you it is true.
Misaki: ...Maybe you just prefer girls with chests like Mashiro?
Masaya: I don't judge girls on their chests! It's more like... the timing just hasn't been right.
Misaki: What were you waiting for?
Masaya: Can't say...
Misaki: Yeah, I guess this is all a bit too much for you, Masaya. Maybe I've gotta be the one to make you start screaming for more!
Masaya: Try that, and I'm going straight home.
Misaki: That's so rude I might collapse from shock!
Masaya: Has this been worrying you?
Misaki: Less worried, more... Like, I know I'm attractive, so it's weird. I started thinking maybe you were emotionally scarred or something and I should take you to see someone about it.
Masaya: Trust you to be worried in the most egotistical way imaginable. I'm not traumatized. And don't go looking into professional help without asking me!
Misaki: I mean, not like it's hard to say anything that comes into your head.
Hm?
Wait...
Could she...?
Could she be coming onto me right now?
Masaya: Come to think of it...
Misaki: What?
Masaya: An empty classroom might just be the right timing.
Misaki: Eek!
Masaya: Don't shriek! You're the one who brought this up!
Misaki: Huh, what? I brought what up, exactly?
Misaki timidly presses her back up against the window.
Misaki: Am I gonna get raped in the classroom?
Masaya: How's it rape when you're the one suggesting it?!
Misaki: Hold your horses. I-I may have more or less done what you just implied, but that's no excuse for taking things this far!
Masaya: I thought that information you got on the black market told you guys were more sex obsessed than girls?
Misaki: Um, could you please hear me out for a moment, I wonder, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Your speech is getting all jumbled.
Misaki: I was just trying to tease you a little and have some fun...
Masaya: You should know not to tease a guy like that. I won't let you claim you didn't think this through!
Misaki: S-Say that all you want, but I'll claim it! I wanna claim it! You're making me claim it!
Masaya: Uh, what?
Misaki: What?
Masaya: Don't answer my question with a question. Remind me, who was the one just droning on a second ago?
Misaki: Huh? Um, what were we talking about again?
Masaya: You're just rambling to buy time. You can't trick your coach like that, Misaki.
Misaki: Uh, but my heart isn't ready, so I... Um...
Masaya: If you really don't want this, just say so.
Misaki: I-I really don't want this!
Masaya: That was fast!
Misaki: D-Don't come any closer! Shouldn't you stop if I don't consent!
Masaya: I asked you to tell me, but I never said I'd stop.
Misaki: That's cheating!
Masaya: Do you really not want this?
Misaki: Come on, it's not as simple as yes or no!
Masaya: If you don't want this, then resist.
Misaki: O-Oh, um... what'll happen if I do?
Masaya: I'll stop, of course.
Misaki: Then I'll resist. I'll revolt against you, Masaya! This is a riot! Let them eat cake!
Who let Marie Antoinette in here?
Masaya: I get that you're nervous, Misaki. I'm really nervous myself.
Misaki: Huh? Y-Yeah. Huh?
Masaya: So if I end up being too rough, or cause you any pain, I want you to speak up.
Misaki: You're clearly assuming we're already gonna do this!
Masaya: Well, yeah. That's the plan.
Misaki: Ugh... Do we have to do it now?
Masaya: You did provoke me.
Misaki: I told you I didn't mean to...
Masaya: Sorry. This is just like with the kiss. I should've been the one to say it.
Misaki: Th-That's why I--
Masaya: If you really don't want this, then just resist. I don't think I can hold back unless you show me you really don't want this.
Misaki: You <i>don't think</i> you'll be able to hold back?! Well, if you insist... Urghhh, haaah... I-I'll resist. I mean it...
Masaya: Okay.
Misaki: If you get that, then stop already.
Masaya: ......
I grab hold of the hem of Misaki's uniform.
Misaki: Ah...
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Haaah, haaah...
Her breath instantly grows ragged.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah... Hehehehehe...
Misaki's face stiffens up as she giggles.
Masaya: Aren't you going to resist?
Misaki: Can you take a step back?
Masaya: Does it look like I can?
Misaki: Nope... Mmm?!
The moment I place my hands on her blouse, her entire body stiffens.
Misaki: I swear, if you go any further, I really will resist... There'll be a riot!
Masaya: ......
I pull her blouse out of her skirt, then roll it up to expose her chest.
Misaki: Mmm!
The bra covering her massive tits is in full view.
Misaki: S-Stop, th-that's far enough.
Masaya: You think this is where it ends?
Misaki: Ugh... Ughhh...
She stares at me in what seems like anger.
Masaya: Should I stop?
Misaki: Huh?!
Masaya: I don't mind if that's what you actually want.
Misaki: Ah...! Nghhhhhhhhhhhh! Y-You're only saying that 'cause you don't think I'll tell you to stop!
Masaya: Bingo.
Misaki: Coward! When'd you become such a bully, Masaya?!
Masaya: I'm continuing.
Misaki: Ah! C-Continuing? As in, you're gonna keep going? Do you plan on... Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, mm, l-looking at all of my chest?
Masaya: Yep!
Misaki: You think that's gonna happen?
Masaya: Why don't we find out?
Misaki: Huh? Huh? Huh? Huuuuuuh?!
I grab hold of her bra by wrapping my fingers around it. My fingertips squish into the surface of her breasts as a result.
Ah...
So this is what boobs feel like.
I imagined they would be soft, like my fingers were sinking into her breasts.
However, Misaki's boobs are the opposite. They're sort of springy to the touch, pushing back against my fingertips like a trampoline.
Misaki averts her eyes from me in displeasure.
Misaki: Mmm!
A powerful breath comes from her nose.
Masaya: I'm lifting your bra up.
She still doesn't look back at me.
Misaki: J-Just do whatever you want.
Masaya: Sounds good.
I squeeze down a bit.
Misaki: Ah, haaah... Haaah, haaah, haaah!
Then, I lift her bra over her tits.
She's <i>still</i> refusing to look back at me.
Misaki: Are you... Haaah... Mmm... Haaah, haaah, mmm... Are you... looking at my... chest, Masaya?
Masaya: ......
Misaki: I-I asked you a question.
Masaya: I-I'm looking.
Misaki: O-Okay.
Masaya: Um...
Misaki: Wh-What?
Masaya: It's <i>really</i> cute.
Misaki: Ah...! U-Um...
Misaki finally looks back at me and swallows her breath, seemingly ready to speak.
Misaki: Are you turned on, Masaya?
Masaya: I've been turned on ever since you teased me.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, mmm... Should I be angry? Should I be happy?
Masaya: I don't think there's any reason for you to be angry...
Misaki: R-Right. Thanks? No, not thanks. It's odd for me to thank you for staring at my chest, then telling me what you think, isn't it? I mean, this is all so weird.
Masaya: There's nothing weird about any of this.
Misaki: B-But staring at someone's chest and giving pervy comments is a crime worthy of jail time. Sexual harassment is wrong!
Masaya: We're going out, so how's this sexual harassment?
Misaki: U-Ugh... N-No! No!
Masaya: You really don't want me looking?
I'm taken aback by how she just reacted.
Misaki: No... I'm getting turned on here... And I know I'm gonna end up getting even more turned on. I don't want that. Like, I'm scared...
Misaki: I dunno what's... gonna happen to me. That's... scary...
Masaya: There's nothing I can do about that.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Haaah... Mmm! I might start saying strange things 'cause I'm... turned on, but don't get the wrong idea, 'kay? It's only 'cause I'm turned on. I don't mean any of it!
Masaya: It's best not to think too hard at times like this.
Misaki: How the hell does that work?!
It might not work as a comparison, but she was able to avoid thinking while playing FC pretty easily until recently...
Misaki: The girls in softcore porn always say they're so excited and confused that they can't think straight. They're lying. I mean, I... I have so many thoughts shooting through my mind...
Masaya: I'm gonna touch them.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah...
Misaki starts taking deep breaths instead of responding to me.
Masaya: Is that okay?
Misaki: I-It's fine, but... I'm so turned on, and my mind's whirring so fast. I'm sorry if I explode!
Masaya: Don't worry, people don't come installed with a self-destruct function.
Misaki: How can you be so sure? My heart's pounding so hard that it feels like it's about to explode. If anything, it would be weirder if I didn't-- Huh? Mmm!
I prod at one enormous tit.
Misaki: Haaah! Haaah! Haaah! Haaah!
Misaki's shoulders heave as she pants.
Masaya: I'm actually touching your tits...
Misaki: Haaah, mmm! Masaya, Masaya...
My mind is burning up, the heat instantly spreading throughout my body.
Before I know it, I'm rubbing her breasts with both hands.
Masaya: Your tits are so hot, Misaki.
Misaki: Mmm... Wh-Why would you say that...? Your hands feel so warm...
The surface of her boobs may be tense and springy, but I can feel a definite softness down below.
Misaki: Aaah, ah, mmm! Ah, haaah, haaah... Mmm!
The more I rub them, the less composed I get.
Misaki's moaning and panting is so hot that it's blowing my mind.
I think I finally understand what she was just talking about.
My heart's pounding so fast it really does seem like it's about to explode.
We feel the same.
Masaya: I think my heart might explode too.
Misaki: Aaah, mmm... This is exciting, ah... but in a different way from kissing...
Masaya: How's it different?
Misaki: It feels like I'm getting turned on from deeper inside me than when we kissed. It's more... Haaah, haaah, I don't really get it, but... it just feels like, more... in a lot of ways.
Masaya: More...
I was already tense, but now it's even worse.
More.
The word alone has me thirsty.
Misaki: ......
Misaki, whose face has been tense this entire time, suddenly makes a face telling me to forget what she just said.
Misaki: I-I never thought I'd say something so cliched, and it's strange that I even want this, but I do want it, and I want you to know that so... I'm gonna say it, 'kay?
Masaya: O-Okay...
Misaki: Y-You can... um, well...
Misaki averts her gaze, cheeks going bright red.
Misaki: You can do what you want with me... Whatever you want to do, and I really mean this, is fine by me...
My heart skips a beat.
My mind is about to cease functioning.
Misaki: I'm pretty... No, I'm completely serious about this. Ughhh! What am I thinking?! Am I... Am I actually a masochist?
Masaya: W-We can discuss that later.
Misaki: This is my first time doing anything sexual... but I've already discovered something new about myself... I can't believe it...
I take my hands off Misaki's tits.
Misaki: Huh?
I look at her pointy little nipple...
Masaya: Mmm...
Then, I take it into my mouth.
Misaki: Haaah! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Masaya: Mmm!
Advice that I've read somewhere before pops into my mind.
A girl's body is sensitive, so make sure you're not too rough with them.
She may have told me I can do what I want, but I force myself to stay in control as I gently suck on her nipple.
Misaki: Mmm... Aaah, ah, aaah... This is what you wanted to do, Masaya?
Masaya: Y-Yeah...
There's a wet pop as I remove my mouth from her nipple.
Misaki: Aaah! Don't make those sounds!
Masaya: It wasn't on purpose.
I'm overcome with emotion.
I've heard that little "pop" sound effect in porn when someone's licking titties.
I never thought it was real, just an exaggeration to make things sexier.
But it really just happened to me.
Masaya: S-So, you said I can do what I like, yeah?
Misaki: Y-Yeah...
Misaki gives me a scared nod.
Misaki: B-But don't start hitting me or trying to tie me up. This is our first time, so no scary stuff!
It seems like her imagination's gotten carried away.
Masaya: I wasn't gonna do anything like that.
Misaki: O-Okay...
I start groping her tits with both hands. Every squeeze has me marveling at how magnificent her boobs are.
I could play with these all day...
Masaya: Ah...!
I muster the courage to remove a hand and slip it inside her skirt.
Misaki: Huh? Huuuh? M-Masaya? M-M-Masaya! Wait! Wait! Not there!
Masaya: I thought I could do what I wanted?
Misaki: You can do what you want, but not that!
She yells her contradictory statement.
Masaya: So... can I or can't I?
Misaki: You can do what you want, Masaya. But you can't do that!
I think her mind's a mess right now.
I gently stroke the bases of her smooth, pleasant legs.
Misaki: Aaah!
Then, I move a hand to her panties, like I'm cupping her crotch.
I'm actually touching a girl's vagina.
I felt ready to break down when I was touching her tits, but now I'm just overcome with emotion.
Misaki: ...Masaya?
Masaya: What?
Misaki: U-Um, why's your hand just there? I don't really know what to do in this situation... Um, like... it's a bit of a problem?
Masaya: Oh, sorry. I was just, uh... enjoying the moment, I guess?
Misaki: Y-You were?
Masaya: Of course I was!
Misaki: You don't need to get so worked up about it... I see... You're enjoying touching me. Touching my body...
Masaya: Um... This is kinda hard to say, but...
Misaki: Huh? Is there something weird about me?
Masaya: No, no, no. Like... it's kinda pathetic, but this <i>is</i> my first time.
Misaki: Well, yeah, it's my first time too.
Masaya: So I don't really know how to touch you. Do you think, um... you can teach me?
Misaki: Huh?
Masaya: Please.
I know I shouldn't be thinking this, but I probably wouldn't have said that if my partner was someone other than Misaki.
I could've figured it out from what I already know. Hell. I could've figured it out just by groping around.
I don't really know the reason, but...
Part of me wants to show Misaki that I have my own weaknesses. And at the same time, part of me wants to see her getting all embarrassed and confused.
Masaya: Teach me how to touch you and pleasure you.
Misaki: Th-That's so embarrassing! A-Are you really asking me to do that?
Masaya: I want to make you feel good, Misaki... And seeing you enjoying yourself will turn me on, so I want to get you even more turned on.
I say that while slipping a hand inside her panties.
Misaki: Aaah?! Ah...
I'm met by a wet sensation.
So there really is a slit here...
Guess it'd be a problem if there wasn't.
Masaya: Girls are pretty sensitive. I wouldn't wanna accidentally do something wrong and hurt you.
Misaki: Is that a threat?!
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: You actually admitted it...
She mutters in exasperation.
Misaki: Toward the top of the slit... Mmm, ah!
I slide a finger up her wet slit.
Misaki: There's a small bump at the top, just rub that gently. And I mean gently. It's sensitive! If you're rough, I'll end up screaming, and it won't be 'cause I'm enjoying myself.
Masaya: Got it.
By "small bump," she must mean the clit.
Masaya: Um, is this the right spot?
Misaki: Haaah, haaah... A-A little higher.
Masaya: Here?
Misaki: Haaah... Mmm, a few more millimeters up... Be careful. Go slowly.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Ah...
My finger comes into contact with a bump that's even smaller than I was imagining.
Misaki: Aaah! Ah, ahhh...
Misaki's shoulders begin to tremble.
Misaki: R-Right... there... Ah, haaah, haaah... It feels... good there...
Masaya: Okay.
Misaki: Be gentle.
Masaya: I will.
I gently stroke over it, like I'm rubbing a wound.
Misaki: Ah, haaah... Aaah, ah! God, ah! I actually went "aaah"! Ah, haaah! I'm actually moaning... Mmm!
Masaya: I love your moans.
Misaki: O-Oh... Well, if you like them, I guess it's okay... Ah, haaah, haaah.... Mmm! But I was just surprised... This isn't getting me turned on at all.
Masaya: But you'll start feeling good if I keep rubbing it, right?
Misaki: I'm not a machine. I dunno what'll happen.
Masaya: That so?
I'm not exactly well versed in these matters, but I guess it comes down to mood?
Misaki: Haaah, haaah...
I concentrate as I gently caress her clit.
Misaki: Mmm... Ngh...
Misaki's shoulders are stiff, but I imagine that's more from tension than pleasure.
I put a little more force into my finger as it slips down the side of her clit.
Misaki: Ah... Mmm!
Masaya: Did that just feel good?
Misaki: Sort of, but it was more... tingly?
Masaya: I see...
But she reacted to it nonetheless.
Masaya: Could I try out a few more things?
Misaki: A-As long as you're gentle... sure.
Masaya: Make sure to tell me if something feels good.
Misaki: O-Okay. Sex is... d-different from what I imagined...
Masaya: Huh?
Misaki: I thought I might end up being overwhelmed by you and completely messed up or something.
Masaya: Would you have preferred that?
Misaki shakes her head.
Misaki: Sex is a co-op game, after all. We've gotta work together.
Masaya: Yeah. That's what we're doing.
Misaki: I-I... want to do this properly... It's gonna be embarrassing, b-b-but it seems fun. I'll get myself in the mood, so you should too... okay?
Masaya: You don't need to tell me twice. I'm already in the mood. Keep on teaching me.
Misaki: O-Okay. If you could like, try and rub the whole thing...
Masaya: Like this?
Misaki: Aaahhh! Ah, haaah, haaah... Mmm! Y-Yeah, that's it... Ah, haaah, haaah...
Masaya: How's this?
I move my finger like I'm trying to push her clit to the side.
Misaki: Ah, mmn... That... haaah, feels good, but... It feels good, but you're being too rough... so be gentler...
Masaya: Like this?
Misaki: Ah, haaah... Ah! Ah, haaah, haaah, aaah, mmm! Yes... Ah, yes... Knowing that... you're doing this to me, Masaya, ah, yah... is making my heart race... It's beating so fast...
Masaya: You're making the dirtiest face right now, Misaki.
Misaki: D-Don't stare at me... Ah, ah, haaah, ah, Masaya, Masaya...
Masaya: What is it?
Misaki: Um, well, uh... Mmm, haaah, haaah... Mmm, ah! W-Well... don't be grossed out...
Masaya: I won't be grossed out no matter what you say.
Misaki: O-Okay. Well, that feels really good, but that alone isn't, um... quite enough...
Masaya: What do you mean?
Misaki: My, uh... chest feels lonely. I-I want you to... touch both...
I'm speechless.
Misaki is begging me to grope her.
The simple thought of that alone has my mind running wild.
Masaya: ...You're talking dirty now.
Misaki: I said I'd get myself in the mood.
I take my free hand and grab hold of a tit.
Misaki: Ahhh!
Then, I move both hands at the same time.
Misaki: Aaah, haaah, haaah... Ahhh!
Masaya: Does it feel good?
Misaki: It feels good, aaah... Haaah, haaah, haaah... Mmm, ah... It feels good. Your hands... are so warm, and so dirty...
Every time Misaki tells me she's enjoying what I'm doing to her, I feel good as well.
Misaki: Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, aaah! Masaya... Ah! You can... um, well, put a little more speed... into your touch... i-if you want...
I speed up my fingers.
Misaki: Masaya, Masaya, this is embarrassing... Ahhh... Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, s-so embarrassing...
Masaya: What is?
Misaki: Well, um, well...
There's no mistaking the arousal in Misaki's clouded eyes.
Misaki: The way you're pleasuring me... I think it's gonna... Um... Mmm, haaah, haaah!
Misaki's shoulders heave up and down as she fumbles through her words.
Misaki: I-I think it's gonna make me cum.
Masaya: R-Really?
Misaki: D-Do I look composed enough to lie right now?
Masaya: N-No.
Misaki averts her gaze.
Misaki: So that means, well... y'know...
Masaya: Wh-Wh-What should I do? Be a bit more forceful or something?
Misaki: Nuh-uh, just keep going... As you are, that's enough... Haaah, haaah... Can I ask for something?
Masaya: Sure, anything.
Misaki: U-Urghhhhhh... I-I'd like you to...
Masaya: Yeah?
Misaki: I'd like you to... tell me you love me while you make me cum...
Masaya: S-Sure, I can do that.
Misaki: No one else has ever made me cum before, so... I-I'm nervous, okay?! So I'd like you to tell me you love me... and help me relax...
I continue to stimulate her tits and clit at the same time.
Misaki: Ah, haaah... Ahhh, mmm... Aaah!
I lean in close to her ear.
Masaya: I love you, Misaki. I really do.
Misaki: Ah! Ah, haaah... Ah, aaah. I love you t-too, Masaya. I-I love you so, <i>so</i> much... So... more, haaah... Haaah... Please, more.
Masaya: Touching? Or speaking?
Misaki: Both. Don't, haaah, haaah, t-tease me right now... My body... ah, aaah, feels weird, mmm... Haaah, haaah... My body feels... so strange, ah... Ah, so...
Masaya: I love you. I love you, Misaki. I love you, I love you, I love you!
Misaki: Ah, haaah, yes. Yes, ah... I'm sho happy. Ah, aaah! I'm... No, no, I won't cum yet! I-I can endure this. You won't meowke me cum! Mmmmmmmmm!
She begins to tremble as she clamps her eyes shut.
I relax my caress.
Masaya: Why're you fighting it?
She stares at me through teary eyes.
Misaki: 'Cause that way, I can have you... tell me you love me even more.
Masaya: Hngh! Th-That's a pretty embarrassing line, you know?
Misaki: I told you I was getting in the mood, and I'm sticking to it. So... um, just l-lemme be greedy. Got that, mister?!
I imagine the "got that, mister" was an attempt to relieve some of her tension, but that evidently failed.
If anything, it's made her more nervous.
Masaya: I-I'll keep on telling you I love you. Just make sure to see this through.
Misaki: O-Okay, I'm ready. Mmm! Mmm... Mmm, haaah... Mmm... Mmm, haaah!
Masaya: I love you. I love you, Misaki. I love you. I love you, I love you, I love you!
Misaki: Haaah, ahhh!
Misaki quivers, her moans growing louder.
Misaki: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Me too, me too... I love you too, Masaya... Ah, aaah, ahhh! Ah! Mmmmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmm!
Masaya: I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.
Misaki: God, ah! Ah... I can't take it! Ah, aaah! I love you! I love you, Masaya! I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you! Aaah!
Masaya: I love you, Misaki!
The muscles along Misaki's spine convulse, her knees trembling and her massive tits jiggling.
Misaki: Aaah, I'm gonna cum! Masaya, more... Ah! More, more... More!
Masaya: I love you, Misaki!
Misaki: I love you! I love you! I love you! Ah! Ahhh! I love you! I love you, ah... I love youuuuuuuuu! Ah! Aaaaaaaaah, I love you, I love youuu, aaaaaaaaah!
Violent tremors run repeatedly through Misaki.
She's cumming.
Misaki: Ah, haaah, haaah, haaah... You made me cum. Haaah, I don't think any girl has ever cum while feeling so happy.
Masaya: Can't say if you're right or not, but I'm happy I made you feel that way. S-So, uh... can we go all the way?
Misaki: Hehehe! You totally plan on going all the way even if I refuse.
Masaya: I'm not a monster! I wouldn't force you into it...
Misaki gives a small nod.
Misaki: I'm... turned on too, and it still feels good from earlier. I think I'd allow you to do anything to me right now...
Masaya: Anything...?
Misaki: Like... you can make me walk naked through the school building?
Masaya: Yeah, no need to go that far.
Misaki: Anyway, if you're gonna do it... g-go ahead?
Masaya: Got it.
Though I say that, I'm not sure what position to use or where to even do it.
Let's see, the floor feels kind of grimy, and it's our first time, so it feels wrong to bend her over a desk and take her from behind...
Hm...
I push one of the desks up against the wall.
Masaya: Sit on the desk and lean back against the wall.
Misaki: O-Okay... This should work.
Masaya: Yeah, it should.
Misaki: S-So, this is the position we're gonna do it in, huh?
Masaya: It's my first time, so I dunno if I'll do a good job.
Misaki: It doesn't matter. I'll just console you if you don't... And we can do it... whenever you want, Masaya. If we fail... we can just try again...
Masaya: Thanks.
Misaki: Oh, don't mention it. I'm gonna end up loving having sex with you, so we can do it as much as you like... Yeah, it'll be fine.
I slip both hands inside her skirt.
Masaya: I'm gonna take these off.
Misaki: O-Okay...
Misaki raises her hips to make it easier for me to strip her.
Misaki: Ah! I can't believe I'm actually helping you pull my panties down! Isn't this like the dirtiest thing you can imagine?
Masaya: Is it?
Misaki: It is! I'm helping you peel off my panties!
Masaya: ...If you say so. I'm not sure it's the <i>dirtiest</i> thing I can imagine, but it is pretty dirty.
I guess now that I think about it, you don't see a lot of girls actively helping their partner in porn...
Masaya: ...Oh.
Misaki: Wh-What? Is something about me weird?
Masaya: Your panties are wet.
Misaki: Y-You didn't need to say that out loud! Surely you know that girls get wet?! What'd you think would happen after getting me so turned on?
Masaya: Yeah, I know that, but I was only touching your clit. That wasn't wet, so I kinda just forgot.
Misaki: Well, I mean... liquids don't flow up...
Masaya: Yeah, makes sense.
Misaki: S-So...
Masaya: Wh-What is it?
Misaki: If you want to look, I don't mind showing you... but seeing you staring at my wet panties like that... i-is pretty embarrassing...
Masaya: Oh, sorry. Just, realizing how turned on you are... has me feeling <i>really</i> moved.
Misaki: You're moved because I'm wet?
Masaya: I am. Any man would be.
Misaki: R-Really?
Masaya: Obviously.
Misaki: I dunno if it's that obvious.
Masaya: It's practically common knowledge.
Misaki: W-Well, if that's the case, then... um, I guess you can look until you get bored... Ah!
I grab hold of her panties.
Misaki: Huh? What? You're ready to strip me already?
Masaya: Yeah, I am.
Misaki: O-Okay. G-Go ahead and strip me. Whoa... I-I'm so nervous... But not as much as I was with my breasts, I guess.
Masaya: I would've figured you'd be more nervous about this end...
Misaki: You seeing my breasts isn't that much of a change from daily life, but you seeing inside my panties is so different that... it doesn't even feel real...
Masaya: It may not feel it, but it is real.
Misaki: Yeah. Ah... Aaah!
I pull off her panties and place them on the desk.
Misaki: Whoa, it's all breezy and chilly. You've got the most intense look on your face, Masaya.
Masaya: I-I bet I do. It'd be weirder if I was absolutely calm.
Misaki: I guess...
Masaya: I'm gonna spread it open.
Misaki: P-Pervert!
Masaya: Oh, come on! I've gotta get a good look or I won't know where to stick it in!
Misaki: J-Just use your mind's eye or something.
Masaya: I could try, but nothing beats seeing the real thing.
As I say that, I take both hands...
Misaki: Aaah!
And spread her pussy.
Masaya: Wh-Whoa.
Misaki: Why the hell are you going "whoa" while staring at my pussy?!
Masaya: It's not a bad thing. It's just, um... I was surprised. It's cute... Like, really... cute...
Misaki: O-Oh. It... doesn't look weird, then?
Masaya: Not at all. Let me see here...
I trace the inside of her slit with a fingertip, circling round the actual hole.
Misaki: Ah! D-Don't just touch me!
Masaya: I guess I put it in here, where all the liquid is coming from.
Misaki: Y-Yeah... Th-There. Haaah, haaah, haaah... Ah... The thought of doing this with you is getting me even more turned on...
Masaya: I'm gonna strip too.
Misaki: ...Ah! I don't need to see yours, Masaya! Just being stared at has me on edge. If I see yours, I'm not gonna be able to cope with all the information and I'll die.
Masaya: You're not gonna die.
Misaki: It'd be a real surprising twist if my coach-cum-boyfriend was the one to grant Masked Skywalker's wish. Anyway, I'm not gonna look, so you can't make me! I'll save that for next time.
Masaya: Relax. I wasn't gonna swing it around in your face or anything.
There's a clink as I unbuckle my belt.
Misaki: Ughhh, aaah... This is actually happening. Some man's about to rob me of my virginity.
Masaya: I'm not just "some man," okay? You're making it sound like this is some random hook up. Use my name.
Misaki: Masaya's about to rob me of my virginity.
Masaya: Yep! I sure am!
Misaki: Hahahaha... I'm looking forward to it.
Masaya: I hear it hurts...
Misaki: I'm sure it will. But I've learned through all my training. When you torment me, I... um, well, I kind of like it. I want to be hurt by you, Masaya. It turns me on.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Oh, but you're only allowed to hurt me during practice or when we're having sex! Hurt me at any other time and I'll get real mad, so don't get the wrong idea!
Masaya: I wasn't going to.
Misaki: Good. Well... g-go ahead...
I finish stripping my lower body and approach her.
Masaya: Misaki...
Misaki: Y-Yes?
Masaya: I love you.
Misaki: Just so we're clear, I love you more, Masaya.
Masaya: Don't turn this into some competition.
Misaki: I know I won't lose when it comes to how much I love you.
Masaya: Same here.
I let out that response while pressing my tip up against her small, pink hole.
Misaki: Mmm... Haaah, haaah, haaah... I can feel you, Masaya. You're right up against my pussy.
Masaya: I'm gonna shove it in.
Misaki: Whenever you're ready.
My heart's beating painfully fast.
I'm about to have sex with Misaki.
I stare into her eyes.
Misaki: Aaaaaah!
Then, I lean in toward her as I slowly thrust my hips forward.
Misaki: Ngh! Ah, haaah... Mmm!
I feel myself spreading her apart.
Misaki: Mm, ah, mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
She clamps both her mouth and eyes shut.
I can feel a sort of popping sensation inside her.
Misaki: Eeek! Ah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Mmm, mmm, mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
Masaya: Just a little more.
Misaki: Mmm, mmm, mmmmmm!
She nods feebly as she pants through her nose.
I keep on pushing my hips forward.
If I had to describe what Misaki feels like inside, it would go as follows:
Firm, yet soft. It sounds contradictory, but it isn't. Her soft walls are tightening down around me. That's why it feels firm.
I've never experienced such overwhelming pressure.
Masaya: Mmm!
It feels amazing.
Unfortunately, Misaki seems to be suffering, so I may be the only one who feels this way.
Masaya: I'm all the way inside you, Misaki.
Misaki: R-Right.
Misaki smiles through the pain.
Misaki: I can feel you inside me, Masaya. Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... It feels weird having you inside my body...
Masaya: It feels weird being inside you, too.
Misaki: I'm not a virgin anymore, huh? Hahahaha... Okay. You can hurt me more. I told you, right? I like being hurt by you, so it's totally fine.
Masaya: You don't need to act all considerate.
Misaki: That's not what I'm doing. I'm just telling you what I like.
She stares at me.
Masaya: ...I'm gonna move.
Misaki: It's unfair if I get to cum and you don't, so make sure you go all the way. It'd be an insult to my pride if I didn't let you.
Masaya: Sure. But if it gets to be too much, just say the word.
I want to have sex with her, but I don't want to hurt her.
I slowly pull back my hips, then once again submerge myself deep inside.
Misaki: Mm, aaah, haaah, mmm... I-I'm okay... I can take this...
She forces a smile.
Misaki: This is nothing. I'm fine. <i>Totally</i> fine, even!
Despite what she says, her face is warping with pain every single time I move.
Misaki: Ah, haaah... Mmm... Mmm! Ah, haaah, mmm!
Her pained moans sound adorable, though.
I know it's wrong of me to think that...
Her cute lips slightly open as she moans. And so, I gently press mine against them.
Misaki: Mmm, ah...
Masaya: I love you, Misaki.
Misaki: Y-Yeah. I love you, Masaya. Ah, aaahhh! Masaya, I love you. I love you, I love you, I love you... Mmm! Ah, I love you!
Masaya: I love you too.
I keep moving my hips as we gaze into each other's eyes and continuously profess our love.
Misaki: Mmm, ah... Haaah, haaah, haaah... Ahhh! Mmm! Ah, haaah, mmm!
Her pain-enduring moans sound so sexual that I begin to swing my hips in wider arcs.
Misaki: Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh...! I love you, I love you, I love you, aaah! Mmm, mmm! I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you so much!
Misaki's pussy undulates every single time she tells me she loves me. And every instance of this sends pleasure coursing through me so strong that I want to scream.
Masaya: Misaki, Misaki...
Misaki: Masaya, Masaya, Masaya, Masaya... Masaya, ah! Aaaah, ahhhhhh! I love you.
Masaya: I'm not gonna stop before I finish.
Misaki: Ahhh! Ah, haaah! Aaah!
Masaya: I'm almost there...
Even though I know Misaki's in pain, my hips are moving faster than ever.
My eyes start to flicker. It's like I'm melting inside Misaki.
Masaya: I'm gonna cum...
Misaki: O-Okay.
Masaya: Ah! Haaah... M-Misaki!
Misaki: I love you! I love youuu!
The heat that's been building up inside me gathers...
Masaya: Mmm, I-I'm cumming... Haaah, mmm!
And eventually, it explodes all at once.
Misaki: Aaaaaahhhhhh, haaah, haaah... Haaah... Haaah...
Masaya: Haaah, haaah...
Misaki: You're exhausted all of a sudden 'cause you came, right?
Masaya: Yeah. That felt amazing. Thank you.
Misaki: Wait, what? You actually came, huh? That's disappointing.
Masaya: Why's that disappointing?
Misaki: 'Cause I wanted to get a good look at your face as you were cumming.
Masaya: You'll have a lot more chances to see it in the future.
Misaki: Good point. You're gonna see me making a lot of embarrassing faces, so you've gotta make sure to show me yours as well, Masaya.
Masaya: You can see as many as you like.
Misaki: I <i>definitely</i> will!
Misaki says that with a satisfied smile on her face that's coming from the very bottom of her heart.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: ......
I watch in silence as Misaki removes all her clothes. She now stands there, staring at me without even trying to hide her gigantic tits.
Masaya: M-Misaki...?
Misaki: There are three things I have to say.
Masaya: O-Oh?
My voice cracks under the intensity Misaki's exuding. Tension courses through me as I stiffen up.
Misaki: Th-The first is that being naked in the clubroom with you around is really, <i>really</i> embarrassing.
Masaya: Th-Then get dressed!
Misaki: I can't get dressed!
Masaya: Y-You can't?
Misaki: I can't!
Misaki gives a vigorous nod.
Misaki: The second is... th-that I want to thank you, Masaya... Apparently you thought I was calling you up for sex, so... I-I'd like to make your wish come true.
Masaya: I-I appreciate the thought, but... you must be exhausted. You sure you're up to it?
Misaki: The third is th-that I...! I... Um, my body... feels all hot... There's this weird strength inside me, and I also kinda wanna do it... Anyway, you know what I mean!
Masaya: You sure the fatigue isn't just making you mistake your sense of accomplishment for being horny?
Misaki: Your calm analysis will do nothing to change how I feel! Masaya, don't you... um, well...
Misaki's eyes fill with anxiety.
Misaki: ...Don't you wanna do it with me?
The face she's making right now is downright adorable.
Masaya: ...There's never a moment when I <i>don't</i> want to fuck you, Misaki.
Misaki: Then you should get naked, Masaya. What are you thinking, letting your girlfriend be the only one naked? It's unfair! If you don't strip, I'll strip you by force! Oh, maybe you'd like that?
Masaya: I'm stripping now.
Getting Misaki to strip me sounds fun, but it's still way too early for me as her boyfriend and coach.
Not exactly sure why or how it's too early, but that's beside the point.
Misaki: C-C'mon, hurry!
Masaya: I'm trying!
I pull off my shirt, undo my belt, then whip off my pants.
Misaki: You weren't wearing underwear?!
Masaya: I was! I was just trying to be quick, so I pulled it off with my pants.
Misaki leans backward slightly.
Misaki: Y-You're already so hard...
Masaya: Of course I am! I got to see you naked.
Misaki: But you said you don't get horny when you're coaching...
Masaya: The sight of you naked overpowers that!
Misaki: I-I see... Well, um, today, I'm gonna do it!
Masaya: Uh, cool? Do what, though? Do you even know how?
Misaki: I looked sex stuff up on the internet, so I'll be fine!
Masaya: I'm impressed that you sound so confident.
Misaki: I don't actually think I'll be fine. I-I'm so nervous I can barely keep myself from shaking... My voice'll tremble if I relax for an instant.
Misaki lightly slaps her cheeks.
Misaki: Just being naked here is making my knees feel weak. L-Let's just start, 'kay? Once we do... I'll be totally focused on you.
Masaya: O-Okay. What should I do?
Misaki's eyes dart around the room.
Misaki: Um, let's see... Sit down over there.
Masaya: Here?
Misaki: Yeah.
I sit down, and Misaki immediately places herself between my legs.
Then, she crouches down.
Misaki: I-I'll use my breasts... to make you feel good, Masaya!
She declares that as she lifts her tits with her hands and squishes them around my cock.
Masaya: Whoa...
I fight back the desire to moan.
The soft, mysterious sensation wrapped around my rod, and the fact that I'm turned on in our clubroom, has me overwhelmed.
I-Is this really a good idea?
Misaki: Wow, I can feel you twitching.
Misaki looks up at me, clearly anxious.
Misaki: ...You like my boobs, right?
Masaya: I-I love them.
Misaki: Phew...
Masaya: I feel ready to cum already.
Misaki: A-Already? No, wait! Don't cum! I want to let you enjoy this.
Masaya: O-Okay...
I can barely believe Misaki is devoted enough to want to pleasure me.
I feel like I've just won something big. Why, exactly, I don't know, but that's just how it is.
Misaki: I just have to move and keep it inbetween them at the same time, yeah?
Masaya: Yeah... I think.
Misaki: Mmm, there... Mmm, mmm... How's this?
Masaya: Y-Yeah, good. Ngh!
Her movements are awkward, but the sweat covering her tits acts as the perfect lubricant.
Misaki's rubbing her boobs all over my cock.
Who knew the world could be so wonderful?
Misaki: Whoa! Mmm, your cock's so hot... I-It feels strange.
Masaya: I-I could say the... same thing...
Misaki continues to sway as we speak.
Misaki: You feel strange?
Masaya: Less strange, more good.
Misaki grins.
Misaki: I see. Hehe, my boobs feel good.
Masaya: Obviously...
Misaki: What, my boobs <i>obviously</i> feel good?
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: I'm so happy! Lemme squeeze a little more.
Masaya: Aaah!
Misaki: Aaah? What's with that?
Masaya: Aaah! You don't need to pick up on everything! This is just what happens!
Misaki: Hehehe, I know it's fun when you bully me, but it turns out bullying you is just as fun, Masaya.
Masaya: Just do as you please.
Misaki: Yeah, yeah... Mmm, there... Well? How is it? Up and down, up and down.
Masaya: Ah...
Misaki: You're twitching even more now.
Masaya: W-Well, yeah... It happens...
Misaki: Looks like you're really enjoying this.
Masaya: Could you not say such embarrassing things?
Misaki: I will. You're so cute, Masaya. Go ahead and twitch some more for me, yeah? Whoa! We've got a lively one down here.
Masaya: ...O-Only because you're making me feel so good.
Misaki: I-I see. Aha! There's so much I don't know.
Masaya: Y-Yeah-- Mmm!
My words are cut off as Misaki suddenly picks up the pace.
Misaki: You were trying to say something cool again instead of focusing on what I'm doing for you, weren't you?
Masaya: I-I wasn--
Misaki: You <i>totally</i> were! God, just focus on my boobs!
Masaya: I am focusing! Ngh!
Misaki: Then focus more.
She glares at me through upturned eyes.
Masaya: O-Okay, fine...
Misaki's tits.
Just looking at them makes me feel numb.
But right now, I'm numb for real.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Whoa, Masaya... Haaah... You're so cute.
Masaya: Well... i-it feels good...
Misaki's started to rhythmically bounce her breasts in time with my breathing.
Misaki: I've finally gotten the hang of moving my boobs around. What a great night, huh? I picked up two new tricks today.
Masaya: Mmm, you sure you... should be comparing them like that?
Misaki: Why not? Being able to fly well and being able to please you are both important to me. Up and down, bouncey bounce, up and down...
My hips groan as pleasure races through me.
Masaya: Ngh, I'm gonna...
Misaki: You gonna cum?
Masaya: Oh, y-yeah, soon.
Misaki: Wow! I'm pretty damn amazing, huh?! I'm gonna make you cum! Bouncey bouncey bounce, cum! Cum now!
She's running my cock through her boobs so hard that it's almost violent.
I arch backward in an attempt to endure the pleasure, but it's no use and my vision blurs.
Masaya: I'm... Ah!
Misaki: Aaah?!
My cloudy torrent explodes onto Misaki's face.
Misaki: Mmm, mmm... Ah...
She takes my load all over her beautiful features as my cock remains firm between her tits.
Misaki: Ah, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Misaki spends a moment in shock.
Misaki: Your came so hard that it startled me.
She smiles sweetly, her face still stained white.
Misaki: Did it feel good?
Masaya: Yeah, you were amazing.
Misaki: Good to hear.
Misaki's dirtied face is so hot. I'd love to appreciate it more, but...
I feel kinda sorry for her.
At the same time, I'm relieved that I'm not such a raging horndog that I don't care about my partner.
I reach out and grab a tissue.
Misaki: Ah...
Then, I courtesouly wipe her clean.
Misaki: You didn't have to do that.
Masaya: Yeah I did.
Misaki: It was like I had you covering me... Kind of a turn on, y'know?
She looks ready to faint.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Are you still up for sex?
Masaya: Of course I am... C-Can I stick it in?
Misaki: Yeah, please. I'm... so down right now.
Masaya: ...Huh?
Misaki jiggles her hips around.
Misaki: Hehehe, you haven't done anything yet... but I'm already this wet...
I grab hold of Misaki's shoulders and push her onto the couch.
Masaya: I'm going in.
Misaki: Cool.
Realizing I'm getting carried away by my excitement, I take deep breaths and ensure I don't mess up as I press my tip against her entrance.
Misaki: Aaah... Ah, aaah... Masaya, you're going... mmm, inside me.
I embrace Misaki as I slowly penetrate her.
Misaki: Ah, haaah, mmm... Mmm... M-Masaya.
Misaki lifts up her arms and legs and wraps them tightly around me.
Our bodies are glued together. I'm starting to lose track of whose skin belongs to who.
My mind keeps up with this information overload.
What'll happen if I start moving now?
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Are my legs getting in the way?
Masaya: Not at all. I'm good to move.
Misaki: Then are you just... mmm, trying to get a rise out of me? If you keep this up, I'm gonna lose it.
I thrust my hips forward, plunging my cock into her depths.
Misaki: Ahhh! Aaah, ah... Yes, yes... Aaahhh... God, it feels so good... and that was just one thrust...
Masaya: We've barely even started.
Misaki: Y-Yeah. Ah, aaah, aaah... Aaah, Masaya... Ah! Aaaaaah!
Masaya: Misaki...
Misaki: Ah... Ah, haaah... Aaah?! No! This is embarrassing!
There are now squelches coming from the point of our connection.
Misaki: I'm, haaah, so... ah, aaah, wet right now.
Masaya: Y-Yeah, you sure are...
Misaki: Ah... This is embarrassing... It's so embarra, ah, embarrassing... I've become... ah, such a... dirty girl...
Masaya: Mmm, you really are a dirty girl, Misaki. Your pussy's clamping down on me so hard.
Misaki: I-It's not like... I'm going out of my way to do that... Ah! Aaah, aaah, mmm!
Masaya: Ah... You're getting even tighter.
Misaki: Aaaaaah, ah, aaah... Ah, Masaya-- What is this, ah...? This is, aaaaaah!
Misaki squeezes her limbs around me as she attempts to endure.
Misaki: Ah, aaah, mmm... Mmm... Ah... Ah, Masaya, Masaya, Masaya...
Masaya: Y-You okay?
Misaki: Do I look like a cool cat right now?! I-I feel like I'm gonna cum any minute. Mmm...
Masaya: Go right ahead. Don't endure it.
Misaki: O-Okay. I doubt I can, anyway.
In response to that, I start violently pounding my hips.
Misaki: Aaaaaaaaah... D-Don't be... s-so rough!
Masaya: Sorry, but I can't hold back either when you're like this!
Misaki: Ahhh, aaah... Mmmm! God, ah! Ah, haaah... I'm gonna cum! Oh god! I'm deshinetly gonna cum! I'm gonna cum! Ah, I'm... Mmm... Ah, aaah!
Masaya: You're so cute, Misaki.
I can feel Misaki's reactions throughout my whole body as I hold her tight while she cums. Her constant trembles vibrate through me.
The very thought of Misaki drowning in pleasure has me unable to control myself.
Misaki: Ah... Haaah, haaah, haaah, ah, ah, haaah, haaah... Mmmmmm! M-Masaya! Huh? Huh? Huh? Ah, aaaaaaaaaaaahhh! Masaya?!
Masaya: Sorry, I can't take it!
I slam my hips into Misaki, jolting her around as she cums.
Misaki: Ah! Ah, aaaaaahhh! Okay! Ah! Aaaaaaaaah... Ish you can't take it... then do... what you want... with me.
Masaya: Ngh, mmm!
Misaki: Ah, haaah... It feelsh like I'm cumming... ah, Every time you move...! Ah, aaah, I can't... shtop cumming... I'm just... cumming again and again... Aaahhh!
Misaki's just too cute! I can feel the pleasure she's experiencing through my skin.
And now, I'm also...
Masaya: Ah, I'm... gonna cum too...
Misaki: Ah! Ahhh, ah... I've... been cumming, ah, dish whole time! You too! You too, Masaya! Ah! Ah, haaah... Mmm!
My vision blurs as the pleasure overwhelms me.
Misaki: Aaahhh!
I slam my cock into her depths and grind my hips against hers.
Misaki: Ah! Ah, aaaaaahhh! Masaya! Masayaaa!
Masaya: Misaki! Misaki! Misaki!
I go numb as a bolt of electricity shoots up my spine.
Misaki: Ah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Is it... over?
Masaya: Y-Yeah...
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah... It still... feels good, even now... What would have happened to me... if you'd kept going?
Masaya: ...Sorry I was so rough.
Misaki hugs me tight.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Cuddling like this after sex feels great. I can feel your breath and heartbeat against me... It's so relaxing.
Masaya: Yeah, I feel the exact same way.
Misaki: Really hits home that you're by my side, y'know?
Masaya: Yeah, I do...
It's obvious, but, for some reason, also incredibly relieving.
Misaki: Your skin feels so nice, Masaya.
Masaya: Well, yours feels better, Misaki.
Mine can't even compare.
Misaki: I can't wait to do this again.
Masaya: Same.
Misaki and I both giggle softly.
I'm not sure why we're laughing, but it felt like the natural thing to do.
Masaya: Mhhh.
Misaki: ......
Misaki slowly opens her eyes as our lips part and gazes at me.
Masaya: ......
Misaki: Ugh... Why are you sliding your hands into my skirt without saying anything?
Masaya: To pull your panties off, duh!
Misaki: You actually said it! And you're going straight for that, huh...? Not my boobs today. I thought you liked my boobs, Masaya?
Masaya: I do, but I love your pussy too.
Misaki: Sh-Should I be happy about that?
Masaya: It'd be nice if you were.
Misaki: In that case... Y-Yaaay...! Huh?! Aaah!
I place her removed panties on the bed.
Misaki: Ugh, th-this is embarrassing... S-So, do you think you'd be so kind as to tell me why you're going straight for the finish line?
Masaya: Because I...
Misaki: Y-Yes?
Masaya: I wanna lick your pussy.
Misaki: Whoaaaaaaaaaaaa! Th-This man's seriously trying to lick my pussy!
Masaya: Don't scream that! Have some dignity!
Misaki: I-It's not my fault... I was surprised... Realizing that, as my boyfriend, you're allowed to do it makes me feel lightheaded.
Masaya: Well, yeah, that's what boyfriends are for.
Misaki: But think about it. One person goes, "I want to kiss your pussy," then the other is meant to go "sure thing." Sounds pretty messed up to me.
Masaya: Yeah, I guess you've got a point. It's not gonna stop me, though. This is what I wanna do.
Misaki: You're gonna ignore how I feel?
Masaya: If you <i>really</i> don't want me to...
Misaki: You'll stop?
Masaya: I'll think about it.
Misaki: So basically, there's no way you're stopping, huh?
Masaya: Do you really not want me to?
Misaki: I-I dunno! Hey, don't sidle up to me! Don't roll my skirt up!
Despite my advances, Misaki doesn't put up much resistance.
Masaya: It's fine, right?
Misaki: It's not fine, but... Ugh, I give up.
Masaya: Come on, don't look so disappointed! You're killing me here.
Misaki: Ugh, you're about to do something <i>really</i> weird to me.
I adjust Misaki's positioning so that she's facing me, then lean in to kiss her crotch.
Misaki: Mmm...
Masaya: Mmm... Mmm...
I rain kisses down on the soft spot between her legs.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah haaah... Y-You're actually... doing it. Aaah! H-Hey!
I run my tongue along Misaki's slit, then press the tip against her small, sensitive bump.
Misaki: Ahhh! Ah, aaah! W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-Wait a minute! Stop!
Masaya: Wh-What's wrong?
Misaki: I-Is this... Are you doing this... to, um, well... pleasure me?
Masaya: Uh, obviously? What'd you think I was going for?
Misaki: Um, well... you're not just doing this to... satisfy your curiosity?
Masaya: That's part of it, but normally, you just do this to make a girl feel good.
Misaki: I-I see. There's so much I don't know about sex!
Masaya: Makes sense if you think about it, though, right?
Misaki: I've never thought about cunnilingus for even a second!
Masaya: Don't scream cunnilingus at the top of your lungs!
She sure knows the word, if not the act itself!
Misaki: Whoa, whoa, whoa! What the hell do I do? I need to change how I think about this... It's like there's a revolt going on inside my brain.
Masaya: You can deal with that while I lick you up.
Misaki: E-Easy for you to say! Ah! Ah, aaah, mmm! Mmm... Aaah... Mmm!
I stimulate her little bump some more.
Misaki: Ahhh! Ah... Mmm! Ah, haaah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Ah, haaah, haaah...!
Her hips start to tremble.
Masaya: You're definitely enjoying this.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah... It's so different... from when you used your hands.
Masaya: How?
Misaki: I-It's embarrassing... Do I really have to say?
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: Ugh, <i>seriously</i>...
Misaki shakes her head. This is clearly bothering her.
Misaki: W-Well, when you lick me it, um... feels sweet...
Masaya: It doesn't feel good?
Misaki: No... sweet.... Y'know how when you eat something sweet, it feels like you're melting? This is the same...
Masaya: Those words are gonna make me melt in a minute.
Misaki: Wh-What do you mean?
Masaya: You're turning me on... Mmm!
I gently hold her bump between my lips.
Misaki: Aaah! Haaah, mmm!
I roll it around and tease it.
Misaki: Mmm! Ah, mmm... I-It feels strange. Like, sweet... ah, aaah, b-but also good... Masaya, this feels... so good...
I start heating up.
Misaki's hips twitch as I give her clit a light suck.
Misaki: Haaah... Your mouth feels so good, Masaya. Ah, aaah! Mmm... It's so embarrassing, so sweet... and it feels so good...
Masaya: You're embarrassing me now.
I lick her sensitive pussy and clit over and over.
Misaki: Haaah, mmmmmm! Ah, haaah... Mmmmmm... Ah, haaah... Ah, aaah!
Her hips push out to greet me as she convulses.
Misaki: I can't believe just being licked... ah, mmm... has got me like this. Aaah, so this... is the real me. I'm someone who loves having my, ah, p-pussy licked... I had no idea.
Masaya: You enjoy being licked?
Misaki: Do I look like... Ah, ahhh... Haaah, haaah, haaah... Ah, aaah! Do I look like... I'm not enjoying it?
Masaya: Not at all.
Misaki: Then, haaah, haaah, ah, th-there you... go...
Misaki loves what I'm doing to her.
Misaki: Huh?!
I bury my face in her crotch, wrapping my lips around her clit.
Misaki: Eeek?!
I pin down her hips with both hands as they tremble into the air, then continue to suck her sensitive bump.
Misaki: This... is too, ah! Aaaaaaaaahhh! Ah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Ngh... Ah, this is too much... Ah! Stop, stop...
Masaya: Do you really want me to stop?
Misaki: Ah...! I dunno, I dunno, I dunno! Ah! Ah, haaah, I can't hold on for a second longer... but I want you to keep going forever... G-God, I want more...
Masaya: Mmmph...
Misaki: Haaah! Ah! Ah, aaah, ahhh! Ah, aaaaaaaaahhh, this feels... amazing...
Her convulsions grow more intense.
Misaki: Haaah! I'm... Mmm!
I give her another hard suck, which makes her shoulders tremble.
Misaki: I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!
Her back arches as she stiffens up.
Misaki: Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
She trembles as she takes the full brunt of the pleasure.
Misaki: Ah... Haaah, haaah, ah, haaah... I came.
Masaya: You're such a dirty girl, Misaki.
Misaki: Ah, haaah haaah, haaah, haaah... Don't you try and pin this all on me! You're the, mmm, haaah, dirty one here, Masaya!
I pet Misaki's head as she collapses on her bed.
Misaki: You haven't had anything yet... so go ahead.
Masaya: You're tired though, aren't you?
Misaki: It's fine. A little exhaustion is nothing. All that practicing has built up my stamina.
She giggles.
Misaki: It's no fair that... only I got to cum, so you hurry up and join me.
I grab hold of Misaki's hips and lift them into the air.
Misaki: What the? A-Are you... gonna do it from behind? I heard th-that humans could technically do that...
Masaya: I mean, most animals do it this way.
Misaki: H-Hold on a moment... This is getting me all nervous.
Masaya: But won't you like it more that way?
Misaki: Huh? W-Well, maybe...
Misaki thinks about it for a few seconds.
Misaki: ...I'm ready.
Curious as I am as to what decision she's come to, I don't ask, and instead press the tip of my cock against her entrance.
Misaki: Ah!
At the same time, I fully expose her tits.
Masaya: Here I come.
Misaki: Why are you announcing that? I literally just told you I was ready.
I grab hold of her hips and push forward.
Misaki: Ah... Haaah! Mmm... Ah, haaah... Mmm!
My cock disappears inside her with a squelch.
Misaki: Ah, haaah... Mmm, ah... You're inside... Mmm! Ah, haaah, haaah, haaah... Ah!
I can feel her inner walls spreading apart.
Misaki: Ah, haaah... Y-You're not... all the way in yet, are you?
Masaya: Just a bit more...
The moment my hips come into contact with Misaki's ass...
Misaki: Aaah!
She begins to shake her head in what I can only assume is disbelief.
Masaya: My cock's all the way in now.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah... It feels like... you're so... deep inside me. My hips are trembling...
Masaya: Can I move?
Misaki: Y-Yeah. Ah, but, I-I'm scared... Not being able to see you is scary, so don't be too rough...
Masaya: Got it.
I start slowly rocking my hips back and forth.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah... Ah... Haaah, haaah, haaah...
If I stop focusing for a second, I'm likely to start pounding away.
But obviously, she's said she's worried, so I need to take extra care.
Misaki: Ah, haaah... Haaah, mmm... Ah, haaah. Haaah... Haaah, mmm... Ah... Aaah... Mmm...
Misaki's back starts trembling.
Misaki: A-Are you... teasing me?
Masaya: Huh? Why would you think that?
Misaki: 'Cause... it feels like I'm being teased.
Masaya: Well, you're wrong! I was just being gentle. You're feeling nervous, right?
Misaki: Oh, right... Sorry... Haaah... Haaah, but... you can do as... you want now, Masaya.
Masaya: I can?
Misaki: I don't mind if you're rough...
I feel something snap inside my mind.
Misaki: Aaahhh!
My hips pound into Misaki violently.
Misaki: Aaah! Ah! Mmm! Ah, mmm!
I grab hold of her hips as they begin to wriggle lewdly, then start slamming against her ass even harder.
Misaki: Ah, ah... Haaah, ah... Ah! Aaah, haaah... Mmm! Ah, haaah, something... strange is coming...
Masaya: Huh, you gonna come already?
Misaki: I've become... ah, really easy to turn on... aaah, ah, I shink...! Mmmmmm!
Masaya: Not yet! Let's do it together.
Misaki: O-Okay. I'll... hold out...
I pick up the pace once more.
Misaki: Aaah, ah, aaaaaah!
Misaki's butt start squirming like she's trying to escape me.
Misaki: My hipsh... haaah, haaah, haaah... are mobing on dere own... Ah! Aaah!
Her inner walls are moving around my cock too. The pleasure's hard to handle.
Misaki: Ahhh! Masaya, I... God, I'm gonna... I'm gonnaaaaaaa!
Masaya: Misaki, Misaki, Misakiii!
Misaki: Ah, mmm!
Misaki stiffens up.
Masaya: I'm, ah...!
Misaki: Me too, me too... Haaah, ah, aaaaaaaaahhh...
Now I stiffen up as well...
Misaki: Ahhhhhh!
Then, I collapse on top of her.
Misaki: Haaah, haaah, haaah... Mmm! You were so rough... Masaya...
Masaya: It's not my fault, okay? You were just too cute.
Misaki: I wasn't blaming you... Just kinda feels like a waste.
Masaya: Oh, how?
Misaki: When we're having sex and getting really into it, it's like... Hmm, how do I put this...? It gets muddled, maybe?
Masaya: Uh, what?
Misaki: I feel like I'm melting into you. It's kind of a waste that it always ends so soon.
Masaya: I guess...
Misaki buries her face into a nearby pillow.
Misaki: Ahhh, for fuck's sake, I love Masaya so much!
Masaya: Hey, don't start swearing for no reason!
Misaki: I'm glad we didn't actually melt together, though.
Masaya: I mean, that's downright impossible, but yeah.
Misaki: If we had, then I wouldn't be able to save you, and you wouldn't be able to save me, Masaya.
Masaya: Yeah.
Misaki: Hey, so...
Masaya: What's up?
Misaki: Might be weird to ask this now, but... do you think I'll reach the point I need to get to at the tournament? Where I can move ahead without having to avert my eyes from these jumbled feelings.
Masaya: You might get there, you might not.
Misaki: Then will you get there if I win?
Masaya: ...I don't know that, either.
Misaki pouts in displeasure.
Misaki: You could've just said yes to encourage me.
Masaya: Well, I mean... lying doesn't help anyone, no matter the reason. I don't want to ever lie to you.
Misaki: True...
Masaya: You'll definitely get there one day, though. That's why we're walking this path.
Misaki: Eat this!
Misaki pushes herself up like she's doing a push up and lunges at me.
Misaki: Mmmph...
Then, she kisses me.
Masaya: Wh-What are you-- Mmm?!
She kisses me again, even more passionately than before.
Misaki: Mmmmmm, mmmnnn... Mmmph, mmm!
This alone has my heart racing.
Misaki: Mmm, haaah, haaah, haaah...
Misaki's sweet, heated breath brushes along my cheek as she parts from me.
Misaki: Figured I should act more lovey-dovey now, since we won't get another chance to make out until after the tournament. Is that weird?
Masaya: No.
I wrap a hand around the back of her head.
Misaki: ......
She suddenly grows stiff.
Masaya: Something wrong?
Misaki: Hahahahaha, just wondering what you're about to do to me.
Masaya: Make out, duh! What, were you hoping for something else?
Misaki: I wouldn't mind a little something else...
Masaya: Well, as long as it's nothing too extreme...
Misaki: O-Okay...
I watch Misaki nod, then lean in and kiss her.
Once we're done here, it's time for the fall tournament. There may be a few days left, but that's nothing in the grand scheme of things.
Part of my mind is still focused on a question. What'll happen at the tournament?
If Misaki manages to pull out a win...
If... If she does...
Will I be able able to share in her joy?
Misaki: What's wrong?
Masaya: Nothing.
I can feel that big, dark amoeba clinging to my mind.
And so, I kiss her again to brush aside that feeling.
Rika: This...
Masaya: Hm?
It's not like I <i>actually</i> don't know what she means.
I'm erect. At full mast. And by the time I realized, it was too late to stop it.
Rika: This, right here.
Rika continues to reach out toward it.
Rika: Ah!
Reflexes kick in and I grab hold of Rika's hand.
Masaya: If you keep touching me like this, I'm not going to be able to hold back.
It's already hard enough...
Rika: I thought it must have been hard on you, having to restrain yourself this whole time, Masaya-san.
Masaya: It is, but it's what I have to do.
This isn't the time for us to be kicking back and enjoying ourselves, considering the whole Kurobuchi debacle.
If we don't focus on the things we <i>need</i> to do first, we'll regret it.
I really don't want Rika to experience that, so I've stopped at kissing.
Rika: I know you're thinking about what's best for me, Masaya-san, but...
Rika looks directly into my eyes.
Rika: You've been... holding back, haven't you?
Masaya: Ngh...
Of course I have.
I've got this cute girl touching me all over and calling my name in the sweetest voice.
Holding back has been so hard that I feel just about ready to roll over and die.
Rika: I'm going to tell you the same thing you told me... Please don't force yourself into doing things, and don't act tough in front of me.
Masaya: Huh...?
Rika: Knowing that you love me and spending time with you has made things far easier for me.
Rika: But it makes me sad to know you're suffering when you're with me.
Rika: Do you want me to be sad, Masaya-san?
Masaya: Of course I don't.
Rika: In that case...
Rika grabs hold of my arm.
Rika: Please don't hold back...
I gulp.
Masaya: ...Are you sure?
I <i>really</i> won't be able to hold back if she says yes here...
Rika: Yes.
She whispers, looking away in embarrassment.
Shit...
Rika: Ah!
Rika opens my zipper and pulls out my member, but her eyes widen upon seeing it.
Rika: Wow...
Masaya: Uh...
Rika: I'm glad I've made you so delighted.
Masaya: Oh, <I>come on,</i> you're getting carried away.
Rika: No, I'm just being honest!
Rika's so adorable when she pouts.
Masaya: Um, so it's a bit weird to ask this at this point, but...
Rika: What is it?
Masaya: Do you know what to do?
Guys obviously know what to do. We spend plenty of time on certain websites.
There are even a bunch of games with content related to it.
But on the other hand, I have no idea how girls pick their knowledge up.
And that's why I asked that question.
Rika: Hehe!
Rika giggles happily.
Rika: Are you implying a girl wouldn't know anything about sex?
Masaya: No, not exactly, but... I dunno how.
Rika: When lots of girls get together, they talk about this stuff too. I've only heard others talking about it...
Rika: But thanks to that, I <i>do</i> know what to do now.
Come to think of it, I've heard a lot of magazines give out tips for the bedroom.
Does that mean girls are actually picking up practical knowledge while us guys are off in fantasyland?
Masaya: Okay,  I'll leave it to you.
Rika: Yes, please do.
She gives me one of her usual, courteous replies.
However, her cheeks are bright red as she lowers her mouth.
Rika: Mwah! Mwah... Mwah...
She starts off with tender kisses.
Then, she begins to crawl her tongue over my glans.
And it starts licking over my tip.
The gentle caress brings out a tingling pleasure.
Her awkward movements are adorable, exciting me further.
Rika: Mwah, mwah, shhhlp, shlllp, mwah...
Rika: Does this actually feel good?
Masaya: It's amazing... Holy shit.
Rika: Hm, how strange.
Masaya: Try imagining it being done to you?
Rika: To me...?
Her expression shows that she's thinking.
Rika: Oh!
Her face goes crimson as she lets out a subtle exclamation.
Guess she thought about it.
Rika: Masaya-san... You perv.
She complains in an almost inaudible voice.
Does she not realize what she's doing to me right now?
There's no need for a metaphor or anything. The sight of her with my dick right up against her face is just <i>super</i> hot.
Rika: Okay, I'm going to continue...
She gently kisses my dick again.
But it feels far more passive than it did before.
Maybe this is how she'd like to be treated if our positions were reversed?
Rika: Mwah, mwah... Mwah...
If anything, I feel like her upturned eyes are questioning me.
Hm, maybe I should speak up?
Masaya: Rika, you can be more forceful. I'll do the same when it's my turn.
Rika: Oh.. okay...
Rika resigns herself, then resumes her previous caressing tactics.
Rika: Mwah, mm... Mmmch, mmm!
Rika: Am I... mmm, doing this... haaah, properly...?
Masaya: Yeah, you look real cute.
Rika: That'sh not whad I wash ashking.
I can tell she's still happy about the compliment.
Rika: Mwah, mmmch, this is embarrassing... Mmm, mmm...
Despite what she just said, I feel like she's getting more into this.
Masaya: Ah!
Rika starts rubbing my dick with her slender fingers, like she's just remembered that's a thing she can do.
I think she might actually have forgotten, since she only timidly tugs at the skin of my shaft and pleasures me.
Her desire to make me feel good is clear as day.
I begin to stroke her head to thank her.
Rika: Mmm, mwah, haaah...
The corners of her mouth turn up happily.
Rika: Mmm, mmm... Masaya-san... aaah, you're twitching inshide of my mouth.
Rika: You're getting... mmm, even bigger... If this keepsh up, you won't fit in my mouth anymore... Mwah...
Rika: It's so hard... Mwah... And there's something flowing out of the tip, mwah!
Rika eagerly sucks on my cock.
Rika: Haaah, haaah, mwah... Pwah!
Rika moves away from my cock to catch her breath, looking up at me through intoxicated eyes.
Rika: Where did it feel good?
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: Well um, since we're doing this, I thought it would be nice to know where it feels best.
Masaya: The tip, I guess? Just lick it while you move your hand up and down the shaft.
Rika: Oh, okay... L-Like this?
Rika moves her hand through the air as she tries to mentally simulate what she's about to do, then returns her attention to my cock.
Masaya: It's kinda embarrassing when you stare at it so hard.
Rika: I was just thinking, now that I'm taking a proper look at the tip, it looks like an inverted heart. It's a little cute.
Masaya: Not sure how you arrived at that conclusion...
Rika: You're only allowed to show this heart to me, okay?
Masaya: You're literally the only one who's seen it.
Rika smiles bashfully as she continues to stare at it.
Rika: Hm, it's a lot more bumpy than I expected. I expected it to be smooth.
Masaya: You don't like it?
Rika: Oh no, I love it all the same. After all, it belongs to you, Masaya-san.
Rika: Tongues are slightly rough too, so the friction between them probably feels good, right?
Masaya: If you don't want to do this, we can stop.
Rika: I'm fine... This is, um, getting me excited as well... Mwah, mmm...
Masaya: Ah!
Rika takes my tip into her mouth.
Rika: I can tell exactly what shape you are, Masaya-shan... Mwah... Mwah...
Rika starts tracing the back of my glans with her soft lips and tongue, checking out its contours.
Rika: You're so swollen up... Haaah, mwah, this is making my heart race so fast... Mmm!
She continues to plaster her syrupy saliva all over my cock.
Rika: Fwah... There'sh a shlit.. Mwah...
Masaya: Ah!
I immediately stiffen up in reaction to her tongue tracing the slit of my urethra.
Masaya: Ah, haaah...
Rika: I-I'm sorry, did that hurt?
Masaya: N-No, the opposite. It was... amazing.
By nature, the glans is covered by thin skin and protected by retractable thicker skin.
But the urethra goes further, reaching all the way inside me. Perhaps it's the most sensitive area of all.
Rika: O-Oh, I see.
Rika looks <i>really</i> happy.
Rika: I understand. This must be your most sensitive spot.
Masaya: No, w-wait, Rika!
I've gotta stop her before she...
Rika: Mwah! Mmm, mmm, mmm... Mmm!
Masaya: Ah, aaah...!
Rika tapers her tongue to a point as she relentlessly traces my slit.
Rika: Mwaaah! I hope, mwah, you enjoy this... Shlllp, mmm!
Rika: Mwah, mwah... Mwaaaaaaaaah! Mmm... Don't hold back... Mmm, please let me hear your moans... Mwah...
Her tongue repeatedly circles around my tip before suddenly starting to peck at my urethra.
Masaya: Rika...!
I'm obviously hesitant to start moaning, but the pleasure is quickly building up.
Rika: Shhhlllp...! Mwah, mmmch, mnnnch, mmm, mwaaaah...
Rika's sweet scent, which is primarily wafting from her hair, mixes with the animalistic scent spreading from my cock.
The squelching grows louder as the precum that's consistently oozing from my tip mixes with the saliva in Rika's mouth.
Though her hair is now disheveled, Rika still looks adorable as her kisses spread over my dick.
The stimuli of touch, sight, smell, and sound flowing into me start burning away at my heart and my mind.
Rika: Mwah... Mmmch, mmm... Masaya-san... you're trembling now... Mwah...
Rika: It's twitching, mwah, nnnch. Hehe, that's a good boy, mmm...
Masaya: Ah!
My hips are now beginning to tremble. They're rising into the air, and there's nothing I can do to stop them.
They're searching for deeper pleasure inside Rika's mouth. Though, I don't mean physically deeper.
Rika: Shlllp, mmmmmm, I can tashte you, Masaya-san... Mwaaah!
Rika's the one putting in all the hard work, yet here I am gasping for breath like I'm suffocating.
My heart is pounding as all my strength drains from me.
And what's more, I can feel my loins growing hotter.
Masaya: Rika, I'm...
Rika: Afwah... Masaya-san, please don't hold back, okay...?
Though Rika spits my cock out of her mouth to speak, she doesn't forget to keep stroking the shaft.
Rika: I'd be so happy... if I could see you cum a lot because of me...
Masaya: Ngh, ah...!
I knew Rika was devoted to me, but declarations like that are <i>really</i> embarrassing.
I should stop her before it's too late...
Rika: No, don't... Please cum inside my mouth... Mmm!
Rika: Mwah, mmmch, mnnnch, nnnch, mmm!
Masaya: Aaahhhh!
It's no use. I can't even bring myself to resist.
My resolve to stop her has already been numbed out of existence.
Rika: Mwaaaaaah! Masaya-san... Masaya-san, give it to me... Mmm, mmm!
Rika: Shhhlp, mwah, mwah... Pleashe, give it to me... Mwah, shhhlllp, mwaaaaaah...!
Masaya: Rika... I'm cumming!
Can't hold back anymore!
I ejaculate as Rika urges me on.
Rika: Mmm...
Hot white clumps of semen shoot out from my raging, twitching cock.
Masaya: Ah...!
There's more?!
I can't believe how much semen I'm shooting into Rika's mouth...
Rika: Mmm... Mmm!
White liquid begins to dribble from the corners of her lips, so she hurriedly sucks it up.
And then...
Rika: Mmm... Mgh... Mmm, mgh mgh...
I can hear Rika's throat moving as she gulps down the semen that's gathered in her mouth.
I'm a little worried by that bold decision, but...
Rika: Mgh... Mgh, mgh, mgh...
She continues to gulp until she's swallowed my entire load.
Rika: Mmm... Mgh... Haaah... Hehe... I can feel the warmth spreading down my throat to my tummy.
Rika: Ack!
Masaya: A-Are you okay?
Rika: I'm fine... A bit got stuck in my throat, that's all.
Masaya: You didn't have to force yourself, you know?
Rika: Oh no, I was honestly curious. Besides...
Masaya: Hm?
Rika glances up at me, clearly embarrassed.
Rika: I thought... you'd like it.
Masaya: Rika...!
Rika: Masaya-sa-- Ah!
Rika's actions, attitude, and adorable reactions have driven me to the edge.
I pick her up and practically push her down onto the seat I'd been on.
Rika: Ah...!
I weigh down on her as I instinctively roll up her top, then lift up her bra.
And I only come to my senses when her shapely breasts jiggle before my eyes.
Masaya: ...Sorry.
Rika: Why are you apologizing? You haven't, um, lost your motivation to continue, have you?
Masaya: As if.
Even though I only just came, my dick's pointing toward the ceiling, greedy for more of Rika.
Masaya: Just feels like I'm being kinda forceful...
Rika: If anything, I was the one who forced you into this.
Masaya: No way, that was consensual.
Rika: But I still started it... I mean, I <i>was</i> a little surprised when you suddenly pushed me down...
Rika: But I wanted you to feel that way, Masaya-san.
Masaya: You did?
Rika: To be honest, I was worried that I might have been the only one who wanted to have sex.
Rika: So when you pushed me down, well... my heart started pounding...
Masaya: Rika...
God, what'd I do to deserve such an adorable girl?
Rika: But still, even though I want this and I am excited, this is my first time...
Masaya: What's your point?
Rika: The fact that you're hesitating after pushing me down is, um, rather embarrassing.
Masaya: O-Oh, right...
Makes sense. I feel bad now.
Must suck to have a man tear your clothes off, expose your bare skin, and then leave you hanging.
Masaya: ......
Rika: ......
Rika and I stare at each other, her expression a mix of bewilderment, fear, embarrassment, trust, and above all, love.
I'll start with... kissing, yeah.
Rika: Fwah... Ah, mwah, mmm, ngh, mmm...
Masaya: I love you, Rika.
Rika: I love you too... Mmm, mwah, mwah...
Rika: Mwah, mwah... Mgh, mmm... Mmm, mwah!
She seeks me out and I respond in kind, sending all my love shooting back at her.
I reach a hand out toward those breasts I exposed earlier.
Here I go...
Rika: A-Aaah!
I'm startled by Rika's sudden loud exclamation of joy, but I continue anyway.
Gotta keep going...
Rika: Ah, no, don't, Masaya-saaan!
Masaya: ......
Rika: ...Huh?
Rika looks up at me, puzzled, having noticed that I immediately stopped what I was doing.
Rika: Um, is something wrong?
Masaya: Rika, like... are all girls this delicate?
Rika: What do you mean?
Masaya: Uh well, I barely even touched you, but you reacted like crazy. I was kinda worried I hurt you.
As I'm saying this, I realize it's probably not as bad as I feared.
I mean, something about Rika's tone seemed kinda fake, even.
Rika: Um, I heard that reacting loudly would excite guys, so I...
Rika casts her eyes down, finding it difficult to elaborate.
You can tell she really does only have second-hand knowledge.
Masaya: Don't worry about any of that. I can barely hold myself back already.
Rika: This is my first time, so I'm sure there'll be a lot of things I can't do perfectly...
Masaya: Fine, then I'll just not worry about it instead.
Rika: Ah...
I start touching her chest again.
Rika: Ah... Haaah... Ah, ahhh...
Rika's bare skin feels great. It's so soft, and it seems to suck my fingers into it.
Rika: Haaah... Mmm... This is sending shivers down my spine...
Masaya: Natural reactions like that are way cuter. It's turning me on a bunch.
Rika: Mmm... Do you mean it...? Haaah...
Masaya: How does it feel? Good?
Rika: Mmm, ngh... I don't really know... Haaah...
Her small body begins to tremble.
I feel like my fingers will sink into her breasts with little effort, but I put more force into my groping regardless.
Rika: Mgh...! Mmm... Mmm, aaaaaah...
My palms fit neatly around her boobs, almost completely hiding them from view, save for the soft flesh that's poking out between my fingers.
Holy shit, these are way softer than I imagined.
The feel of her skin as she tries to fight against the trembling makes my dick leap back to full mast.
I continue to move my fingers like a man possessed, determined to relish the pleasure for as long as possible.
Rika: Ah, haaah... Ahhh, hah... Masaya-san, do you... like my breasts?
Masaya: I love 'em.
Rika: Ah, haaah... That's great... Mmm, haaah...
The moment Rika asks that adorable question, my sense of reasoning is blown out the window.
I run my fingers over Rika's nipples, which are floating on the white sea of her skin.
Rika: Aaaahhh!
She twitches and arches backward.
Rika: M-Masaya-san... If you tease me there... Aaah!
Delighted by her adorable reactions, I decide to keep it up.
I continue to roll her nipples around, pushing them down into her bare tits.
Rika: Ahhh! Ah, aaah... Aaaaaah!
When they poke back up to their original position, I notice they stand out more than before.
I scratch her hardened nipples a bit before trying to pinch and twist them.
Rika: Aaahhh, ah, ahhh... Masaya-san... Aaaaaah!
Rika's voice makes it seem like I'm bullying her.
But she's so adorable that I can't stop. If anything, she's just urging me on.
I poke my tongue out to give her breasts a good licking, then hold a pink nipple between my lips.
Rika: Ah... Ah, aaah, haaah... Ahhhhhh!
I can feel the warmth and firmness of her nipples far better through my lips than I could with my fingers.
I can also feel them swelling out and asserting their existence.
I suck on them, rolling them around with my tongue inside my mouth.
Rika: Ah, aaah, haaah, ahhh... Aaahhh!
Rika moans sweetly, twisting her head to the side in an attempt to escape from the pleasure coursing through her chest.
But there's no escaping me.
I continue to nibble on her nipple as I reach out a hand toward her free breast, squeezing her other nipple between my fingers.
Rika: Ah, haaah, aaah...! Ahhh, ah, haaah, ah, haaaaaah!
She begins to tremble repeatedly.
I slow down, then switch which nipple I'm using my hand and mouth on.
Rika: Nghhh! Haaah, haaah...
Now the nipple that was being teased by my fingers is in my mouth.
And the one that I'd had in my mouth is once again exposed to the air.
I slide my fingers down her side to her belly button, then lower it even more until I'm at the base of her thighs.
Rika: Huh...? Ah, not there...!
Masaya: So hot... Your panties are soaked, Rika.
I instantly feel the source of heat hidden under her panties as my fingertips come into contact with them.
Rika: D-Don't say things like that!
Rika snaps to her senses and objects, the embarrassment seemingly too much for her to bear.
Masaya: They're gonna get dirty if we keep this up. Should I take them off?
Rika: Masaya-san... Why are you saying that now, when it's already too late?
Rika seems pretty upset. Kinda looks like she's on the verge of tears, even.
Masaya: Can I take them off?
Rika: Y-You can, but... I've sort of cooled off a bit, so if you could set the mood again...
Masaya: Mwah... Mmm, shhhlllp...
Rika: Mmmmmm...! Th-That's not what I... Mwah, mwah, mmm, ngh, mmm...!
Masaya: ...I'm taking your panties off now.
Rika: Ahhh... H-Haaah... Sheesh, why are you never this assertive on a normal day... I do love it, though.
Rika raises her hips slightly for me as I wrap my fingers around her panties.
I was just gonna take them off normally, but I come to a stop after they're halfway down her thighs.
Hm, this is enough to expose her pussy...
Rika: Ah...!
I feel bad, since Rika seems awfully embarrassed.
But my eyes remained glued to her pussy.
The juices she's secreting glisten. This is a shade of pink I've never seen before...
And upon closer inspection, I can see silver threads stretching between her panties and her slit.
These threads thin out and snap as I watch them.
Rika: H-How is it?
Masaya: I'm, uh, not really sure how to answer that...
Rika's pink pussy is <i>really</i> wet, but the panties covering it allowed the heat to build up.
Though she looks ready to cry from embarrassment, her pussy twitches and invites me in, which makes me gulp.
Rika: I-I'm sorry... I-I'm not really sure what I should say, either.
I imagine Rika only really asked that question to cover her anxiety and fill the silence.
She got annoyed when I stripped her then left her alone earlier, too.
Part of me is filled with anxiety, wondering if it's really okay to touch her.
But at the same time, I also remember that I'm the only one Rika would do this with.
I calm my trembling fingers as I finally reach out and touch her pussy.
Rika: Ahhh, ah, aaah...
It's scorching.
I start by tracing her contours to get a grasp of its form.
Rika: Ah, aaah, ah, Masaya-san, you're being so gentle... Y-Your fingers are so lewd...
Though I'm being careful, like I'm touching something fragile, my finger is already wet with her juices.
Rika: Ngh, ah, haaah...
Rika lets out a moan that's stifled by her embarrassment.
It's adorable, but I don't want to torment her too much.
Thanks to my years of visiting certain websites, I remember which part of a girl is meant to be the most sensitive. And so, I search it out and try touching it.
Rika: Nghhh! R-Right there, ah, ah, aaah, aaah...!
I place it between my fingers and rub it slowly and gently, making sure not to squeeze too hard.
I want to make her enjoy this.
I'm sure this is the exact same feeling that drove Rika to give me a blowjob earlier.
Rika: Mmm... Wow, amazing, Masaya-san... There, right there, ah, haaah...!
Masaya: Does it feel good?
Rika: Yes, yes, haaah, aaah, ah, aaahhh.!
Masaya: I'll keep going, then.
Rika: Ah, this feels... so good, ah, ahhh, aaah, ah, aaahhh...!
I'm so delighted to hear Rika moaning in sync with my finger's movements that my heart's about to burst.
It doesn't take long before her sensitive little bud is swelling up and hardening like her nipples did.
I never knew clits were like this.
I want to make her feel even better...
Rika: Ah, aaah, ngh, haaah... Masaya-san, your finger... Your fingers are, aaahhh!
I lightly hook my fingers, then start moving them like I'm trying to scrape out her juices.
The lewd squelches turn me on even more.
Rika: Aaaaaah... It's throbbing, and it feels kind of itchy, ah, ah, aaah...!
Rika's hips start squirming about.
I'll try being a bit more forceful.
Rika: Aaahhh, aaah, ahhh, aaaaaah...!
I try spreading her pussy with my fingers, opening her up. Then, I squeeze her shut again, sending her transparent nectar flying into my face.
Rika: Aaahhh, ah, haaah, haaah, aaaaaah...!
Her hips are no longer just wiggling about. Instead, they're shaking back and forth, her whole body trembling from the pleasure.
Wait, maybe she wants more?
I try slowing down my pace.
Rika: Ah, aaahhh...! Haaah, haaah, haaah... Ngh... Ah... Haaah... Mmm...
Her skin is flushed, her breaths are ragged, and her moans are elated.  Plus...
Rika: Nghhh... Masaya-san... Masaya-saaan...
Her eyes are clouded and, though she seems embarrassed, the way she calls my name makes it sound like she's begging me for something.
Maybe I'm totally misreading the situation, but I can't hold myself back after seeing her like this.
Masaya: Rika...
I lean in toward her face.
Masaya: I want you, Rika. I want to be inside you.
Rika: I want to give you everything too, Masaya-san... I want us... to become one...
Masaya: Mmm...
Rika: Mmm... Mwah, mwah...
We exchange flirtatious kisses, somewhat embarrassing after having come this far.
Then, I press my dick up against Rika's entrance, at which point I notice that her juices have spread down to her ass.
Am I really about to stick my dick in her?
I probably should have stuck a finger in first...
My cock rubs against her entrance as I hesitate.
Rika: U-Um, Masaya-san...
Masaya: Hm?
Rika: I think you want to aim a little lower...
Masaya: Uh, why?
Rika: To put it in... I-I, um, only think that, though. I'm not entirely sure myself.
Masaya: R-Right...
I <i>have</i> heard people say a girl's entrance is a lot lower than guys expect.
Masaya: Thanks, Rika.
Rika: I-I think it might be a little lower...
Masaya: R-Right...
Rika: Ah!
Rika guides me despite how embarrassed she is, and I finally set my sights on my target.
I take hold of my cock to steady it, since it's twitching wildly because of my desire to stick it in her.
Masaya: Here I go, Rika.
Rika: O-Okay. I'm ready...!
My heart seems just about ready to explode.
I never thought I'd fall so hard for someone. The sense of love and lust I feel is threatening to drive me insane.
I take a deep breath to ward off any extraneous thoughts.
Then, I place my dick right against Rika's pussy and slowly push my hips forward.
This is already amazing...
My glans is submerged in juices as I spread her slit open.
Rika: Mmm... Mmm...
Gotta keep going...
Masaya: Ah...!
However, my path is soon obstructed.
It's not that she's not wet enough or anything.
It's just that this is the first time something has entered her, so it's way too tight.
I'm obviously causing her pain.
I'm sure Rika knew this would happen, but this still bothers me.
Still, I can't stop. I have to keep going unless she tells me to wait.
Rika: Ah... Mmm, ngh...
Rika's face warps in pain.
I'm sure she's being considerate, trying not to let the pain show.
So the fact that she let that groan escape is a bad sign.
Masaya: We can stop if it's too much for you, I don't mind.
Rika: Oh no, I don't... haaah, want to make you stop, Masaya-san...
Masaya: Don't worry about me. You're the most important person here.
Rika: But... this will have to happen at some point, so... I'm fine with it being now.
Masaya: Don't give me that brave smile. You're so cute that I wanna cum right away...
Rika: That's fine... I want to take all of you, Masaya-san.
Masaya: Ngh...!
I really was on the verge of cumming there. I'm impressed I was able to hold back.
Masaya: Rika, you're definitely doing this on purpose, aren't you?
Rika: Hehe...
She pokes her tongue out mischievously.
Masaya: You cheeky little...
Rika: Aaahhh...! Ah, you're nibbling on my nipple... It feels so gooooood!
Rika: Mmm... Haaah, haaah, haaah, ah, ah, mmm...
I enjoy teasing her adorable nipples for a bit longer before looking her in the eyes again.
Rika: Sheesh... Hehe...
Masaya: Haha...
I end by nuzzling my face against hers, like a cat, before returning to my original position.
Rika's pussy is still tight and narrow, but my desire to become one with her has only strengthened.
Masaya: You better be ready for this.
Rika: I'm not sure that's something you should be saying to a girl in this situation...
Masaya: Do you have any last words? Like, wanting me to suck your nipples some more or something.
Rika: ...Please tell me you want me again.
Masaya: Got it.
Masaya: I love you, Rika. I want you. Give yourself to me.
And with those words...
I shove all the way in.
I want to reach her deepest depths.
Rika: Ah, haaah, aaaaaahhhhhh...!
Rika shrieks.
But I don't stop.
I don't want to make my loving girlfriend suffer any more than necessary.
Rika: Mmmmmm...! Ah, haaah, aaaaaahhhhhh...!
Hm, what was that?
I felt my cock tear through something, and Rika let out her biggest scream yet.
Masaya: Ngh...!
No, I can't stop now. I've got no time to worry.
I feel like I've passed a ridge, since moving forward has gotten way easier.
By this point, about half of my cock is buried inside Rika.
Just a bit more!
Masaya: Ugh...!
Rika: Aaaaaah! Aaahhh!
Almost there...
I'm basically fully sheathed in her.
Rika: Haaah, ah, haaah, haaah, haaaaaah...!
Naturally, Rika's shoulders are heaving as she gasps for breath.
Masaya: Thank you, Rika. You took all of me.
I scoop up some of her hair and stroke her head.
Rika: Haaah, haaah... Hehe...
She smiles at me, apparently not having even noticed the tears welling up in her eyes.
I've filled her up, and the proof of her purity is dribbling out between the tight cracks.
Rika: Now I... finally belong to you, Masaya-san...
Masaya: Rika...
Her pussy's been squeezing down on me this whole time...
And the way she's acting has my chest tightening up, too...
Rika: So now... Oh yes, I'd like it if you could enjoy yourself, Masaya-san.
Masaya: I already am. I'd like both of us to enjoy this, if possible.
Rika: My heart and my body... both feel so full.
Masaya: I'm gonna start moving, if that's okay.
Rika: Yes, you can do what you want, Masaya-san... Ngh!
Rika has to stifle another shriek as I pull my hips back slightly.
She's trying her best to pleasure me despite the pain.
What a good girl. I've gotta make sure I return the favor.
Masaya: Rika...
Rika: Ah... Mwah!
Rika: Mmm... Shlllp, mmm, mwah, haaah, mwah, mwaaah...
Masaya: Haaah... You're so cute, Rika. I love you.
I gently lift up her hair, then nibble on her now exposed earlobe. And after a while, I taper my tongue and poke it into her ear.
Rika: Aaahhh... Ah, aaah, mmm...
Rika's shoulders raise up like she's being tickled.
I proceed to slide my tongue over her dainty white neck, then trace the line of her collarbone.
Rika: Mmm, mmm... No, this is strange...
I slide my hands up her side, then to the top of her two mounds, where I lightly flick at her nipples.
Rika: My tummy is... almost more embarrassing than anywhere else... Mmm, haaah, haaah, aaahhh...!
I haven't stopped thrusting my hips even once.
And I take careful note of her reactions as I begin picking up the pace.
It feels so good that it's almost torturous. Feels like I'll start pounding my hips so hard they'll break if I lose focus at all.
Still, I continue to tease her breasts, then spend time touching her ankles, feet, and belly button before finally moving to her ass.
Rika: Haaah, haaah, aaaaaah...
It's at this point that her breathing grows even more ragged.
I feel like her pussy has loosened up slightly as I moved my dick around inside it.
It's gone from an overwhelming tightness to a warm embrace where her insides occasionally wriggle around and wring me out.
It looks like Rika's trembling for a reason other than pain now.
Masaya: I think I can move faster now.
Rika: Okay. That's, uh, fine by me...
Masaya: Great.
I lift my upper body up slightly so I can concentrate on her reactions before I swing my hips.
Here I go again...
I immediately start to regret it.
Like, holy shit. This feels amazing.
This sweet, numbing pleasure is threatening to erode my sense of reason entirely.
Rika: Aaaaaah, Masaya-san, ah, ahhh, aaah...!
I can no longer restrain my lust.
I need to hold back, but...
Rika: Ahhh, ah, ah, ah, ah, aaaaaah...!
Rika grabs hold of my arms. Her grip is <i>really</i> tight.
I get the feeling that means she's about to cum.
Our lower bodies melt together. I forget about holding back and thrust wildly.
Almost there...!
Rika: Ah, ah, aaah, ahhh, haaah, mmm, Masaya-san...
Masaya: Rika...?
Rika: Stay inside... Please, give it to me inside, Masaya-san...
Rika: I want you inside me, ah, aaah, mmm, until the end...!
Masaya: Sure thing.
I keep plunging my cock into Rika.
I'm determined to give her what she wants.
Rika: Ah, ah, aaah... Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm...!
Rika: Ah, haaah, ah, ah, ah, Masaya-san, Masaya-san, Masaya-san...!
Masaya: Rika...!
Rika: I'm... I'm going to... I'm going to cum...! Masaya-san... Ah, ah, ahhh, aaaaaaaaah!
Rika almost jumps off the bed as she twitches, her pussy clamping down on me.
And at that moment...
Shit!
My hot sperm spews out into Rika's pussy.
Rika: Ahhhhhh! Ah, aaaaaah!
Shot after shot of semen pours into her vagina, her inner walls contracting with each burst.
How is there still more?
Rika: Ah, ah, ah, aaahhh...!
Rika trembles as she accepts my entire load.
I've never cum this much in my life. I'm sure this is all thanks to my love for Rika.
Rika: Haaah, haaah... Turns out you really can... feel how full it makes your tummy.
Rika manages to say that between her gasps.
Rika: It's so hot... I'm so happy.
For a moment, I think about reaching out to touch her tummy to see how hot it feels... but then I realize that'd be weird, so I don't.
At any rate, I have no strength left in my body. Almost feels like my soul's been sucked out.
I land beside Rika on the cushion. That was a close call... I barely managed to avoid her.
Man, this is amazing...
Rika: Hehe.
Masaya: ...Why do you seem so happy?
Rika: This is what your face looks like after you cum?
Masaya: Hm, I'm not sure. I've never seen it myself.
Rika: I see. Then it's something only I know.
Masaya: I guess...
Rika: I hope you'll show it to me a lot more.
Masaya: You mean...?
Rika: Thank you for working so hard on my behalf... Mwah!
Rika stretches out her neck and rains kisses all over my face, like she's trying to soothe my fatigue.
Rika: Mwah, I love you, Masaya-san... Mwah, mwah!
Wow...
Masaya: I love you too, Rika... Mmm...
I launch a counterattack on Rika's lips and start gently sucking on them.
Rika: Ahhh... Mwah, shhhlp, mmm, Masaya-san... Mmm!
Rika reaches out and starts clinging to me once more.
And so, we continue to exchange kisses for what seems like an eternity...
Masaya: ...It's sex related.
Rika: O-Oh, well, okay... I, uh, sort of had a feeling it would be...
The way Rika's squirming is just too cute.
Rika: Y-You really want me to wear my flight suit?
Masaya: Yeah.
Rika looks real embarrassed.
This was something I thought up to help avoid destroying Rika's future career, but...
Rika: A-Are you getting turned on?
Masaya: I am.
Rika: Already? Y-You could at least deny it a little...
Honestly, I've never actually studied her in her flight suit before, since I knew that could take a dangerous turn.
But now, it's clear that the suit accentuates the curves of her body. I can even make out her belly button just fine.
Man, I can't believe I'll get to have my way with her...
Masaya: Gulp...
Rika: D-Did you just gulp? Are you that turned on?
Masaya: Like, this feels kinda wrong, which is a <i>huge</i> plus in my book.
Rika: I've been wondering if we should really be doing this, which has my heart racing...
Masaya: Yeah. Feels kinda like I'm corrupting something here...
I finally get why people say, "it feels so wrong, but also so good".
Masaya: Okay, Rika.
Time to get started.
Rika: U-Um, shouldn't we take off my suit first, or, uh, you know...?
Rika's clearly embarrassed. How cute.
I get why, since it almost sounds like she wants to stand naked in front of me.
Honestly though, I haven't been involved with FC for a while, so I don't know what suits are like nowadays. I'm real worried I might end up ripping or tearing it.
Masaya: It's fine. Don't worry.
Rika: Wh-What's fine?
Masaya: We're not taking off your suit.
Rika: Huh? What do you mean?
Masaya: Uh, exactly what I said? Look, just put your hands in the air.
Rika: Like this...? Ah!
Rika raises her hands into the air, which exposes the snow white skin of her armpits.
She seems almost more embarrassed of showing that off than the skin on her upper arms, chest, or crotch.
When she raises her arms, the shape of her boobs change as they slide toward me.
Rika: P-Please stop this, Masaya-san. This is far too embarrassing!
Masaya: Rika... You're so cute.
I lean in toward Rika's armpit.
Rika: M-M-M-M-Masaya-san, wait! Please, regain your senses!
Masaya: Excuse me?
I'm perfectly fine.
There's no point in her taking off her flight suit now after she's gone to the trouble of putting it on.
Masaya: Mwah... Shlllp...
Rika: Mmm... Haaah...
Rika shivers, and her shoulders twitch upward as if to escape my tongue.
Seems she feels more uncomfortable, like she's being tickled, than turned on.
Masaya: Mmm, shlllp shhhlp...
Rika: M-Masaya-san, it's, mmm... d-dirty there...
Masaya: I don't think it is... Mwah.
Rika's smooth armpit curves in the most feminine manner.
That sweet smell from her pits is extremely enticing.
I poke the tip of my tongue into her armpit once more.
Rika: Ah...! B-But i-it gets all sweaty...
Masaya: Mwah, mmm...? Is that why it's so salty?
Rika: Huh? N-No way...!
Masaya: I'm just kidding. Shlllp!
I pin Rika down as she squirms in an attempt to escape, then lick her armpit even more persistently.
Rika: Mmm, mmm, mmm...!
I'm in love with Rika's armpit. Or rather, I'm in love with every single part of Rika.
And what's more, I love her expressions and the moans she lets out when she's fighting against her embarrassment.
Her quivering eyelashes are intolerably adorable.
I run my tongue from her thinly-skinned armpit to her plump upper arm.
Rika: Haaah, ngh... U-Um... Masaya-san?
Masaya: Shlllp, mwah... What?
Rika: Um, if I happen to be misunderstanding something, I'm, uh, really sorry, but...
Rika: I... mmm, don't really get turned on through my armpits, so, how should I put this...
Masaya: Shlllp... Shhhlp... Shhhlllp...
Rika: Ahhhhhh!
Masaya: How about now? Mwah!
Rika: Mmm... That's an exception, since you're being so rough. A-As I was saying, this is rather embarrassing, so...
Masaya: You don't get turned on easily by your armpits...? Okay, got it.
Rika: Th-Thank you for your understanding.
Masaya: Guess I'll just have to keep going until you <i>do</i> get turned on... Mwah, mmm, shlllp, shhhlp...
Rika: Ahhh...! N-Not like this!
Masaya: Mwah... It's getting kinda wet all of a sudden. You sure you're not sweating 'cause you're turned on? Sniff... Sniff... Shhhlllp!
Rika: Ah... M-Masaya-san, it's dirty... Don't sniff and lick me... Nooo!
Masaya: Oh, my bad. That was just my spit. Guess you're not sweating.
Rika: Nooo!
Rika shakes her head to try and escape her embarrassment.
Masaya: Shlllp, spppt... Rika, your armpit is twitching.
Rika: Stooop...! M-Masaya-san, ngh... Do you look at Asuka-san and Misaki-san with the same eyes?
Masaya: What, you're asking if I get horny when I see them playing FC? Mwah! Not at all... Mwah, mwah, mwah...
Rika: Mmm... Y-You're not looking at Asuka-san's armpits, or Misaki-san's, or Mashiro-chan's...?
Masaya: ......
Dammit, she's got the wrong idea.
I just wanted to see the embarrassed look on her face, I swear!
Masaya: Mwah... Look, even if I had an armpit fetish, I'd only be interested in yours, Rika. Mwah, mwah!
Rika: Ahhh... I-In that case, I'll do my best to make sure my body is of use... mmm, to you, Masaya-san...
Masaya: Your armpits aren't dirty. They don't even smell... Shhhlllp!
Rika: Th-That wasn't what I was saying. Wait, what? Now I'm just growing more concerned...
Masaya: Mwah, mm... Shhhlp, spppt...
I know it's a bit late for this, but I'm starting to feel guilty about how I've just been embarrassing her this whole time.
I continue to lick her armpit as I pat her on the head, then reach a hand out to her two defenseless mounds.
Rika: Aaah! Sh-Sheesh... Masaya-san, that's too sudden... Ah!
I touch her breasts in a way that won't bring about much pleasure to ease her bewilderment.
Rika: Ah... Ahhh... Masaya-san, your fingers are so gentle...
Rika: Haaah, aaah... Your touch feels so hot... Mmm!
Her flight suit is smooth and pleasing to the touch.
It's no match for the smooth, silky, absorbent feel of Rika's naked skin, but it's amazing in its own right.
Now that we've come this far, the existence of this single piece of cloth, which is blocking me from direct contact, is irritating me.
And I'm sure that feeling will last.
Masaya: Rika, if there's anything you want to do, tell me... Shlllp, shhhlp, mwah!
Rika: In that case... mmm, I'd like you to, mmm, stop teasing my armpit...
Masaya: Huh? Mmm, anything but that.
Rika: Ahhh... Aww...
Rika: Y-You're not trying to make me say something, mmm, dirty, are you?
Masaya: Mwah... Like what?
Rika: Mmm... Um, like, begging you to do something or other to me...
Masaya: Do you wanna say something like that? Shhhlllp!
Rika: Haaah, mmm, of course...! Of course I don't!
Masaya: Well, I wasn't trying to make you... Mwah, mwah...
Rika: Mmm, mmm... Well... haaah, that's okay, then...
She seems to think I had some ulterior motive.
But all I wanted was to fulfill Rika's desires, as long as that didn't involve me removing my tongue from her armpit.
Though, I guess I could stop. I have been teasing it for quite a while.
Guess it's time to turn my attention back to her breasts.
Since I'm doing this over her flight suit...
I squeeze Rika's bulges hard.
Rika: Aaaaaah! Ah, Masaya-san, so rough... Mmm!
Her reaction seems to be one of surprise, not pain.
There's a certain sweetness mixed into her moans.
Rika: Mgh... Aaah, ahhh, aaaaaah, aaahhh!
I continue my ministrations, which makes her let out nasal, excited moans.
Man, these babies feel amazing...
The beautiful curves of her breasts warp as I squish them with my hands.
Rika: Ah, aaah, mmm, mmm...
Hm, maybe it's time to be a little more rough...
Rika: Mmmmmm! Ah, aaah... Mmm, ahhh!
I'm moving my hands solely on instinct as Rika reacts to my every touch.
Her reactions and her intoxicating softness suck me in.
It feels like I've been at this for ages, but I know it's only been about a minute.
Rika: Haaah, haaah, haaah, haaaaaah...
Rika's shoulders heave as she gasps for breath due to my continued assault.
She's getting turned on, but that's not all.
Rika: Masaya-san... Masaya-saaan...
Rika calls my name in a wistful tone.
Yeah, I get it.
She wants more.
Having her breasts groped must feel good, but her nipples are covered by her flight suit, preventing me from giving her the ultimate stimulus.
I knew that just from looking, but I decided to tease her more by running my fingers around her nipples and avoiding them entirely.
Rika: Haaah, ahhh...! Mmm, Masaya-san, not there...
Masaya: Where then?
Rika: Haaah... Ah, aww...
Rika falls silent without telling me what she truly wants.
Masaya: Mwah, mmn... Shlllp... Shhhlllp!
Rika: Aaahhh! Ah, mmm...!
I go back to licking her armpits, which gets her twitching again.
I can taste her impatience through the sweat that meets my tongue.
Rika: Mmm, ngh...!
And it's clearly affecting her whole body, since her thighs are rubbing together in desperation.
She attempts to move her own hand down there, but quickly notices my gaze and gives me a look like an abandoned puppy.
I glance down to her crotch as I move and notice a large stain. She clearly wants me.
Masaya: That won't come out even if we take it in for cleaning. Better hope Satouin-san doesn't end up asking why it's all dirty...
Rika: Haaah... You bully, Masaya-san... Haaah, haaah...
Rika's tiny frame trembles.
A battle between Rika's lust and embarrassment is raging inside her. I told her to tell me what she wants, and she clearly wishes to answer, but she can't bring herself to.
This has resulted in Rika holding out to the point of tears forming in her eyes.
And obviously, I can't just sit here while the girl I love has that look on her face.
My crotch feels about ready to explode already.
Masaya: Sorry, Rika... I went too far.
Rika: Haaah... Oh no... It's my fault for not being able to ask for it.
Masaya: You're so damn adorable right now.
Rika: Sheesh... Even my armpit's starting to feel good because of you, Masaya-san.
I gently stroke Rika's head.
Masaya: I'll make you feel even better now.
Rika: Please let me ask for it first.
Masaya: You don't have to force yourself.
Rika: No, I've... been thinking of the perfect words this whole time. I'm just not sure they'll come out right.
Masaya: It's totally fine... Just knowing that you want me is enough to make my chest burn.
Rika: I'll do my best...
Rika casts her eyes down, then clamps them shut as she gathers her resolve.
Rika: I want you to shove your... big... thick thing... into... my dirty... and shoot it all...!
Rika speaks so softly that I can hardly make out her words.
Come to think of it, she's basing all this off of things she's heard.
And that means I understand her even if it's not all clear. The bits and pieces I can make out are enough to make the blood rush to my head.
Rika: Ah, Masaya-san... Mmm, mwah...
Rika: Mwah, mmm, shlllp, shhhlp, mwah, mmm, mwah...!
Rika clings to me, begging for more.
And I'm in the same boat.
I expose Rika's pussy, but ensure as little of the suit is moved out the way as possible.
It's as soaking wet as I expected from the stain on her suit.
Her pussy is bright red, swollen, and convulsing repeatedly.
She can barely contain herself.
I succumb to my urges and whip out my hardened rod.
Rika: Masaya-san... I want it now...
Masaya: Yeah, I know, Rika. I'm on it.
I press my tip against her lower entrance.
Here I go!
Rika: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I plunge my erect member all the way into Rika's depths with a single thrust.
Her insides, which are warm and perfectly lubed with her juices, part easily. Seems they were eagerly awaiting my arrival.
Rika: Ngh, Masaya-san, you're inside me... You're so hard...
Rika: This is... what I've been, mmm, waiting for!
Rika: Ah, this feels so good... Ahhh, aaaaaah...!
Rika starts trembling due to the intense pleasure. Is she gonna come?
Well, I'm barely any different.
Rika's pussy was so ready for me that I already feel ready to explode.
Rika: Mmm... Ahhh... Mmm!
Rika's rubbing her hips against mine, presumably subconsciously.
Masaya: Ngh...!
This is so damn hot!
Rika takes the lead, her large ass pressing down against me as she clamps around my dick, bringing me even more pleasure.
Rika: Mmm... Aaah... Ngh...
And yet, she still seems impatient, perhaps because she's still not used to this.
Rika: Ngh, Masaya-saaan...
Masaya: Mmm, got it!
I focus my mind and thrust hard once again, pounding deep into Rika.
Rika: Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
Rika's thrown backward due to the sudden onslaught of pleasure she was craving.
Rika: Aaaaaahhh... Mmm, ah, aaaaaahhh...
Masaya: Was that good?
Rika: Mmmmmm, mmm, aww, aaaaaah...
She's not composed enough to answer, but she manages to at least nod.
Though, to be fair, I'm not all that composed myself.
My mind's on fire. I can only think of how good my dick feels inside her.
Normally, when Rika's dressed like this, she's flying through the sky, bravely facing down a foe and trying to defeat them.
Rika: Mmm... Masaya-san, give me more, ahhh... I want more...
God, I wanna bust a nut inside her...
Rika: Ah... Haaah... Masaya-saaan...
Rika's begging me.
Masaya: Got it.
I squeeze her in my arms, making sure not to let her go, then rapidly pound her pussy.
This is the best!
The force of me pulling out makes juices fly out from Rika's pussy and stain my pants.
Rika: Haaah, ah, wow... Mmm!
Rika: Ah, aaah, haaah... Ah, ahhh?!
Not sure how much more of this I can take...
Rika: M-Masaya-san, um... haah, ngh, I-I'm not, uh, too heavy, am I?
Masaya: Huh?
Rika: I was just wondering if... y-you thought I might be, ah, heavy...!
She's worried about that <i>now?</i>
Masaya: Hahahaha!
Rika: Wh-Why are you laughing?
Masaya: It's totally fine... You're light as a feather, Rika.
Rika: Mmm... When you say that, I get even more worried...
Masaya: Who cares...? This feels fucking amazing!
Rika: Aaaaaahhh! Same here! Masaya-san, Masaya-san, your massive dick feels so good...!
There's nothing better than this.
I hug Rika harder to draw us together, then bury my face into her sweaty back.
Rika: Masaya-san... Masaya-saaaaaan...
The way Rika seeks me out through ragged breaths and the obscene squelches from her pussy have my heart racing.
Rika: Aaah, mmm, aaahhhh... Haaah, haaah... M-Masaya-saaaaaan...
Rika suddenly lurches forward as if trying to flee.
Rika: I-I'm... mmm, going to...
She begins to twist around, still leaning forward. Guess she can't hold back much longer.
I teased her a bunch before sticking my dick in, so she was probably already close to finishing.
Masaya: Ngh... Me too...
Luckily, I'm almost done too.
Rika: Give it to me... Please give it to me, Masaya-san... Give me everything you've got!
Rika: Ngh, please, give me all your love...!
What man wouldn't be inspired by those words?
Masaya: Rika!
Ugh, I can't hold back...
Rika: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I hug Rika from behind, but I'm no longer able to support her, so the two of us collapse
Rika's pussy convulses, contracting rapidly as she approaches her climax.
However, my dick just barely manages to ignore that as I vigorously plough into her.
Each stroke makes our juices mix, creating the ultimate lubricant for our pleasure.
Rika: Masaya-san, Masaya-san, thish ish... amashing... Ah, ahhh, aaah, I'm going crazy...!
Rika: My mind's going blank, ah, ah, ah... Masaya-san, you're pounding so hard!
Rika: Oh god, ah, I'm, aaah, Masaya-san, Masaya-san, Masaya-san, Masaya-san, Masaya-san!
Rika's tight pussy finally locks me in place.
Masaya: Ahhh!
Shit, this is my limit!
Rika: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I slam my dick into Rika's depths right before I erupt.
Rika: Ah... Haaah, ahhh... It'sh inshide me... It's so hot, Masaya-san.. It feels like it's flowing into my tummy...
I still don't feel like I've had enough, so I grind against her depths.
In response, Rika's pussy contracts as it attempts to swallow the semen flowing out of me.
Rika: Haaah, haaah... Masaya-san... Wow, you came so much... Hehe...
Rika sounds kinda defeated, but also delighted.
Rika: The smell and stuff... will come out in the wash, right? You did tease me an awful lot.
Masaya: If it doesn't... I'll buy you a new one.
Rika: You don't need to do that... Just promise to take responsibility for me.
Masaya: ...Yeah, you bet I will.
Man, it feels like she's blaming me for more than just the suit.
Rika really does have me whipped, huh?
