====================1stact_Grani and the Knights' Treasure.xlsx====================
???: ...
???: (...It burns...)
???: (...It hurts...)
Bounty Hunter: So, the wench still won't speak up?
???: (So thirsty... My throat feels like it's on fire...)
???: ( ...How long have I been here...?)
Bounty Hunter: Hah, what a trooper... She's been dangling here for more than a day, but still won't crack.
Violent Bounty Hunter: Oi, don't kill her off just yet. She still hasn't told us where the treasure is!
Carol: ...I'm not... telling you anything...
Bounty Hunter: Have it your way then. Don't give her any water until she decides to cooperate!
Carol: (Am I... going to die?)
???: ...
???: So, even in Kazimierz...
???: ...the ruffians run amok everywhere.
Bounty Hunter: Hmm? Huh? Who the hell are you? You got a death wish?
Violent Bounty Hunter: Oi, kiddo, hurry and scram before...
Violent Bounty Hunter: Gaaah! That... that hurt...!
Violent Bounty Hunter: That outfit of his... He's not from these parts.
Bounty Hunter: Who the hell cares where he's from! The moron sure doesn't value his life if he wants to fight us all by himself!
???: So, I'm guessing the diplomatic approach isn't going to work?
Violent Bounty Hunter: Unngh!
Bounty Hunter: Guhh...
???: Good. They won't be bothering us for a while. Let's leave while we still can.
Carol: Who... are you...?
???: Don't be afraid, nobody's going to hurt you anymore. I'll get you out of here.
Carol: ...
Carol: I'm sorry... My head is... still spinning...
???: You look pretty pale. Don't worry, let me carry you then.
???: Hold on tight.
Carol: Mm...
*Clear \ Visibility: 14 km*
*Nearby Village*
Bounty Hunter: Have any of you seen a kid with a spear?
Villager: I was inside the whole time. I didn't see what was going on outside.
Bounty Hunter: You're gonna be real damn sorry if I find out you've been hiding them!
Villager: ...
Villager: They've left, Miss Grani. It's safe for you two to come out now.
Grani: Hup~!
Grani: Looks like I owe you another one, Mister!
Villager: Are you okay, Carol? I'm sorry you had to go through that.
Carol: Thank you, Luke. I'm doing much better now.
Grani: I wouldn't have been able to rescue you without everyone's help.
Villager: Don't worry, Carol!
Villager: We've been helping out this young knight here! She promised that she'd save our village!
Carol: Huh? She?
Grani: Ah, that's right. I'm a girl.
Carol: Huh?
Grani: Aww, come on! I might not look it, but I'm a proper maiden on the inside!
Carol: Ah, um, sorry...
Carol: ...
Carol: It's hard to tell from your outfit, but...
Carol: Excuse me, are you... the knight from Kazimierz... who was recently anointed?
Carol: After you save our village... Will you make us pay tribute?
Grani: No, no. I'm not actually a knight, nor am I even from Kazimierz.
Grani: Even though Victoria does have knights, I was actually just a member of the Mounted Police!
Grani: Unlike the knights, our only job is to maintain public security. We don't ask for any payment in our line of duty, so of course we wouldn't tax you!
Carol: Victoria?
Grani: It's the land that lies beyond Kazimierz. My ancestors were actually all Kurantas who moved there from Kazimierz.
Grani: I came after receiving your village's request for aid. I also wanted to see what my parents' homeland was like, but... I didn't expect the situation to be so dire.
Carol: ...Sending those pleas for help... felt like leaving messages in the bottle.
Carol: We're used to most non-governmental organizations ignoring us because we're in such a remote location...
Grani: I wonder, why didn't the Kazimierz government send out any assistance?
Carol: Hmph... Why would those high-and-mighty knights even bother coming all the way out here?
Carol: Even without their help, we've lived here peacefully for many years. The hustle and bustle of the city simply has no appeal for us.
Carol: For generations, the people of Dewville have lived by these mountains.
Carol: We might not be wealthy, but we do have a self-sufficient way of life.
Carol: And though we've sometimes had to evacuate to escape from Catastrophes, this is still our home.
Carol: That's why... we can't give up this land...
Grani: But now, the bounty hunters have brought destruction in their wake...
Carol: ...All because of those 'Knights' Treasures.'
Carol: Over the last few years, the villages around here have become the bounty hunters' stomping grounds.
Carol: I heard that a region in the northern part of Kazimierz has been in turmoil, and that has attracted hordes of bounty hunters looking to strike it rich. Apparently, the only way to get up north runs right by our village.
Carol: In the past, plenty of bounty hunters used to pass through, but they never caused any problems.
Carol: But about a month ago, some bounty hunters dug up a knight's sarcophagus from these mountains. They even found a small chest of gold coins...
Grani: Gold coins with the Kazimierz crest on them, like these?
Grani: Those bounty hunters tried to pick a fight with me as soon as I arrived. I relieved them of these coins as compensation for their rudeness.
Carol: Mhm... these are the same coins. Our troubles began when a certain saying began to circulate among the bounty hunters.
Carol: 'The ancient Knights of Kazimierz were all buried with their riches near the lands they once called home. Their souls protect these unmarked graves for all of eternity.'
Carol: 'Only those who fear not sacrifice and possess the true, dauntless bloodline of Kazimierz may open the path.'
Carol: Rumors such as these keep spreading, and more and more bounty hunters have been drawn here.
Carol: At first, all they used to do was discuss where to look for the next big find. But for some reason, they soon started spreading the idea that the villagers knew where the treasures were buried...
Grani: —Shh! Everyone, quiet!
Bounty Hunter: What do you mean, you couldn't find them? Double back and search harder this time!
Grani: It's not safe to stay here. We can't let any more innocents get dragged into this.
Grani: Anyway, let's get out of here first.
Villager: Stay safe out there, Miss Knight... I mean, Officer! Please take care of our Chief!
Grani: Don't worry, Mister. I'll be sure to protect—
Grani: Huh? Chief?
Carol: ...I've only been on the job for about half a year, but that'd be me... I might not look it, but I'm a proper chief on the inside~
====================act10d5_Children of Ursus.xlsx====================
*Gummy is the second one in her dorm to wake up every morning. And she has a habit.*
*As soon as Istina wakes her, they share a handshake. Gummy then goes next door to wake Zima in the same fashion.*
*Whether 'The General' decides to shake her hand or not depends entirely on her mood.*
*6:30 a.m.*
*Rhodes Island Dormitories - Istina and Gummy's Room*
Gummy: Zzz...zzz...
Gummy: (It's morning.)
Gummy: (Istina should be here soon.)
Gummy: Zzz...zzz...
Gummy: (But she sure is taking her time today. Maybe she's been working too hard?)
Gummy: (But I'm gonna be late if I keep waiting for her. C'mon, Gummy, just get up already!)
Gummy: Zzz...zzz...
Gummy: (You can do it, girl!)
Gummy: Zzz... Nnhhah!
Gummy: I'm up!
Gummy: It's so dark...
Gummy: What happened to my night light?
Gummy: Istina? Istina!
Gummy: Weird... Did she head out already?
Gummy: Better go check on her.
Gummy: ......
Gummy: Yeah, she's not here.
Gummy: I guess she had something important to do.
Gummy: I wonder what it was?
Gummy: Oh...
Gummy: What's this...?
Gummy: 'Gummy, we went out. Won't be back until evening. Please look after yourself.'
Gummy: 'Signed, Istina...'
Gummy: '...and Zima.'
Gummy: Hmph! Look at them treating me like a kid again. Of course I can take care of myself!
Gummy: That means Zima's already up too.
Gummy: Hmm...
Gummy: Oops, I better hurry up and report in or I'm gonna be late.
Gummy: Just gotta grab my trusty shield and frying pan...
Gummy: Right, that's everything.
Gummy: Time to go!!
*11:28 a.m.*
*Rhodes Island Cafeteria - Kitchen*
*Rumble~*
Gummy: I'm kinda hungry...
Gummy: I left in a hurry this morning and didn't have time to fill up my tummy.
Gummy: But I guess I should focus on work first and grab some food afterwards.
Gummy: Um...
Gummy: Order up! Ready for the counter!
Dur-nar: On it!
Gummy: Gotta do a shchi next? Okay, I'll have it right out!
Gummy: ......
Gummy: Done!
Gummy: Food's ready! Please take it to the dining area!
Gummy: Next up is... Mhm, we got another fried pelmeni.
Gummy: Just need someone to take this order, then I crank out the pelmeni and I'm good to go.
Dur-nar: Gummy, I have my hands full over here! Put that out for me?
Gummy: Sure thing!
Gummy: Phew...
Gummy: I got this. It's way lighter than my shield.
Gummy: But where does it go?
Gummy: Dur-nar!
Gummy: ......
Gummy: Dur-nar?
Gummy: Weird...
Gummy: Why is everyone in such a hurry today? I turn my head for a second and she's gone...
Gummy: Oh well, guess I'll just ask where to put it.
Gummy: It's gotta go around here somewhere. The lady at the cash register, that's... Gitano, right?
Gummy: Hey, Gitano.
Gitano: Good day, Little Cub.
Gitano: Why are you out here with your frying pan? Do you need my help?
Gummy: Just one thing. Could you tell me where to put the shchi? It's getting cold!
Ceobe: ......
Gitano: Shchi, huh? If I recall correctly, it goes there in the middle, where Courier is standing.
Gummy: Got it!
Gitano: Are you sure you don't need any help, Little Cub?
Gummy: I'm perfectly fine! See you later, Gitano!
Gitano: ......
Spot: Forget it. You couldn't lift it anyway.
Gitano: Yes, I know.
Courier: Welcome, what can I get for you?
Courier: Braised pork and vegetables? Coming right up. And a steamed egg with your stir-fried vegetables? No problem.
Courier: All right, here you go.
Courier: Please be careful. It's hot.
Courier: Mhm, see you~
Gummy: Courier, I got the food!
Courier: Great! Thank you, Gummy.
Gummy: You're welcome~
Courier: Huff!
Courier: Phew! That's all for now.
Courier: Sorry to bother you, Gummy, but would you mind taking this pot back to the kitchen?
Gummy: Okay, Courier!
*Rumble~~~*
Gummy: Ughh...
Courier: You've really outdone yourself, Gummy. C'mere, I have a cookie for you. You must be hungry, right?
Gummy: Thank you very much, Courier!
Courier: It's my pleasure. Make sure to have a proper meal after this, all right?
Gummy: Will do!
Gummy: See you later, Gitano. I need to head back and get some stuff done.
Gitano: Stay safe.
Gummy: Will do!
*Rumble~~~~*
Gummy: (Just hold out a bit longer... It's almost time to eat!)
Ceobe: Yummy goodies, here I come!
Gummy: Wooaahh! Kay, you can't go in there!
Ceobe: I can't?
Gummy: You can't! Don't you see the sign on the door?
Ceobe: I see it.
Ceobe: I see a red circle with a tilty red line going through it.
Ceobe: I also see Kay.
Gummy: That means 'Kay is not allowed in here.' Got it?
Ceobe: Got it.
Gummy: If you get it, why are you still going in?!
Ceobe: Hungry.
Gummy: If you're hungry, you can just get in line and order something to eat.
Ceobe: Hungry.
Gummy: Y- You're not allowed in there!
Ceobe: But I'm hungry!
Gummy: Fine, fine! I'll think of something!!
Gummy: Hmm...
Gummy: What if I...
Gummy: If I give you this cookie, will you promise not to go inside?
*sniff* *sniff*
Ceobe: Mm!
Ceobe: Okay, okay!
Gummy: Here...
Ceobe: Thanks!
Gummy: You're welcome...
*sigh*... She finally left...
*Grrrrrrrrrrrrr~~~~*
Gummy: There's... there's still... one more to go...
Gummy: Just hold on... just a little longer!
*Grrrrrrrrrrrrr~~~~*
Gummy: Why's the ladle so heavy......
Gummy: I can't even scoop up the food......
Gummy: ......
Gummy: I can't do this anymore. I have to eat something!
*Gummy has a habit. When she's famished, something takes hold of her,*
*And she can't resist her urge to eat...*
*...anything and everything.*
Gummy: ......
Gummy: What's this?
???: The hell ya doin', Gummy?
Gummy: So soft... Mmmhh.... It must be delicious.
Gummy: Ah, mm....
*chomp*
Dur-nar: Gyahhhhhhh!!!
Gummy: Eh?
Dur-nar: Gummy, why are you chewing on my hip?
Gummy: Ah, mm, hmm...
Gummy: S-sorry, Instructor!
*11:55 a.m.*
*Rhodes Island Cafeteria - Dining Area*
Gummy: (Gummy is practically inhaling the bread in her hands...)
Gummy: (...washing it down with a swig of soup.)
Dur-nar: C-calm down, Gummy, the food's not going anywhere. And we got training in the afternoon, y'know.
Gummy: (She doesn't leave a single scrap on her plate...)
Gummy: (...and doesn't hesitate to reach for seconds.)
Dur-nar: Gummy?
Gummy: (In no time, she's gobbled up an entire table full of food.)
Dur-nar: Guess you're not feeling talkative...
Dur-nar: I'll get back to you later.
Gummy: Whew. I feel like a whole new Gummy!
Gummy: Instructor, don't you want to eat?
Dur-nar: Sure do. But somehow all the food I brought out disappeared into your belly.
Gummy: I'm so sorry, Instructor!!
Dur-nar: Don't worry about it, I can always get more.
Dur-nar: By the way, how'd you end up so hungry? You skip breakfast or something?
Gummy: I overslept this morning and didn't have time to eat, so...
Dur-nar: Y'know, you might just be that type of girl. With a bottomless pit for a stomach.
Gummy: Really?
Dur-nar: Yup, just like that one over there.
Gummy: Kay? She's charging the kitchen again?! I better—
Dur-nar: Relax, we got someone keeping an eye on her. Plus, they laid out some goodies near the door just in case she gets in. She won't make it to anything important.
Gummy: Oh, I thought those were welcome baskets for new recruits...
Dur-nar: Yeah that too. Whatever gets the job done.
Dur-nar: See, she's done.
Dur-nar: If we sealed that door, it'd hurt her feelings. Letting her in every now and then lets her feel like she won. And it doesn't cost us much.
Gummy: Oh...
Gummy: Um, so who's in charge of keeping an eye on her?
Dur-nar: Gitano's on duty today.
Gummy: Good choice. She's always got it together.
Dur-nar: That reminds me, I have to ask you something. It has to do with training.
Gummy: Mm, sure. What is it?
Dur-nar: I notice you have trouble moving your arms, especially in quick, repetitive motions. Why is that?
Gummy: Eh?
Dur-nar: I've watched you in combat, and it's the same in the kitchen. You get two good strokes in and then you have to stop.
Gummy: I guess... it's a habit?
Dur-nar: Huh—? Well, that's a bad habit if I ever saw one. Can we fix it?
Dur-nar: Because stopping like that on the battlefield is gonna get you killed.
Dur-nar: But if we can cure you, I'm sure you've got the next Rhodes Island Chopping Competition in the bag.
Gummy: ......
Dur-nar: Give it a try?
Gummy: ......
Gummy: Okay... I'll try...
Dur-nar: Good. We'll get to it after defender practice.
Dur-nar: We won't know if we can fix that habit until we try.
Dur-nar: But for now...
Dur-nar: We gotta eat.
Gummy: Yeah.
*3:00  p.m.*
*Rhode Island Training Center - Defender Training Room*
Dur-nar: Last round of the day. Let's power through.
Dur-nar: I want four sets of planks, time—
Dur-nar: Start!
Dur-nar: Ten seconds!
Dur-nar: Three, two, one!
Dur-nar: Stop!
Dur-nar: Okay, we're done. Go cool off.
Defender Operators: Woo!
Dur-nar: Gummy.
Gummy: Yes, ma'am!
Dur-nar: You ready? What we talked about at lunch?
Gummy: Yes, ma'am!
Dur-nar: I'll get the training shield, and you can use your weapon there.
Dur-nar: Now relax. That's gonna be an important part of your rehab.
Gummy: Right!
Dur-nar: Okay, Gummy. I want you to hit me as hard as you can.
Dur-nar: I know you're tired from afternoon training, but it's actually the perfect time to work on this.
Dur-nar: You get me?
Gummy: I get you.
Dur-nar: Great. Now gimme whatever's left in the tank.
Gummy: Hyah!
Dur-nar: Again.
Gummy: Hyah!
Dur-nar: Again.
Gummy: Nngh!
Dur-nar: Again! Keep going!
Gummy: Gah!!
Dur-nar: Again!
Dur-nar: (If it's a conditioned reflex, that should have shaken out some more swings.)
Dur-nar: (Is she stopping herself involuntarily?)
Dur-nar: (But why?)
Dur-nar: Gummy, swing!
Gummy: I can't do it!
Dur-nar: Swing!
Gummy: I can't!
Dur-nar: That's an order!
Dur-nar: Gummy!
Dur-nar: I order you to——
*Gummy is a good cook, but she has a habit.*
*She chops only twice. Should she ever chop a third time——*
*She'll chop straight through the cutting board, right into the counter itself.*
Dur-nar: Ngah!
Dur-nar: Nng... Phew...
Gummy: Instructor!
Dur-nar: I'm fine, I'm fine. It's just been a long time since I took a hit like that.
Dur-nar: Is this another one of your 'habits'?
Gummy: Sorry, Instructor...
Dur-nar: Relax. I told you, I'm fine.
Dur-nar: But it looks like this problem of yours is more complicated than I thought.
Dur-nar: On your third swing, you subconsciously put your full strength into it. Is that right?
Gummy: Yeah...
Dur-nar: And I'm guessing that takes a fourth swing off the table.
Dur-nar: If we were in the kitchen just now, you'd've chopped that cutting board into a nice, clean pair.
Dur-nar: Here I thought we just had to push you over the edge... Turns out there's something else going on here.
Dur-nar: I jumped headfirst into this without really feeling it out. Sorry, Gummy.
Gummy: It's... it's fine.
Gummy: It's my fault for being a lousy student.
Dur-nar: Let's call it for today. You go home and rest up. Give me some time to noodle on this.
Dur-nar: But if you want to try again, you know where to find me.
Gummy: I could use a break.
Gummy: See you later, Instructor.
Dur-nar: Bye-bye.
Dur-nar: ......
Dur-nar: (I can't feel my arm.)
Dur-nar: (It's totally numb.)
Dur-nar: (Those Ursus Youth Scouts are stupid strong.)
Dur-nar: (I better pay Gavial a visit in Medical.)
Dur-nar: (I'll grab her something to eat on the way.)
*4:30 p.m.*
*Rhodes Island Dormitories - Zima, Istina, and Gummy's Quarters*
*Gummy goes back home alone.*
*She does not turn on the lights.*
*She hangs her 'shield' in the corner,*
*And makes her way inside.*
*She did nothing wrong.*
*And yet she is sad.*
*She wants to do better, for everyone who does so much to help her.*
*She failed.*
*Since coming to Rhodes Island, Gummy's 'habits' only bred more habits.*
*And she knows those habits bother the people around her.*
*But she can't change.*
*She can do nothing but keep on being 'Gummy.'*
*And Gummy has a habit.*
*She carries a safe door and a frying pan with her everywhere she goes.*
*Gummy has a habit.*
*She uses the entire tube of toothpaste, going so far as to suck out the last few drops.*
*Gummy has a habit.*
*When up somewhere high, she keeps far away from the edge, even if there's a guardrail.*
???: ......
*Gummy has a habit.*
*When she's famished, she has to fight the urge to devour the nearest object. Should she fail...*
???: ......?
*Gummy has a habit.*
*If she finds herself in the dark too long...*
Zima: Oh, Gummy, you're back? Why didn't you turn on the lights?
*However...*
*Gummy has a habit.*
*All her myriad habits dissipate as soon as she sees Zima and Istina.*
Gummy: Ah?!
Istina: No doubt she was sniveling alone in the corner after something shook her.
Gummy: (Snivelingly) Was not!!
Istina: See?
Zima: What am I gonna do with you?
Zima: Gummy, start cleaning. Leto is coming.
Gummy: You got it, Zima!
Istina: Hey.
Zima: Hmph.
Zima: Gummy, come here.
Gummy: Yes, Zima?
Zima: Come.
Gummy: Mmm.
Gummy: I can do it myself.
Zima: Don't move.
Gummy: Mmmf...
Zima: There. Give Istina back her handkerchief after you wash it.
Gummy: Okay.
Zima: Now tell me what happened.
Gummy: Erm...
Istina: Zima.
Zima: What?
Istina: (Shhh...)
Zima: Right. Forget it.
Zima: Get to work, Gummy. I did the shopping. The rest is up to you two.
Gummy: Okay. What's so special about today anyway?
Istina: It's been exactly one year since we came to Rhodes Island. Zima even woke up early for the occasion. If you believe it.
Zima: Phew— I'm beat. I'm gonna lay down for a bit. Call me when Leto gets here.
Istina: Oh no you're not. There's too much to be done.
Zima: Nah. I'm tired.
Istina: Gummy, do the thing.
Gummy: Do I have to?
Istina: I'll go prepare the refreshments. You're responsible for getting Zima up.
Gummy: Okay.
Gummy: Hrm.
Gummy: Ziiimaaaa...
Zima: What.
Gummy: Gummy loooooooves yooou~
Zima: Spare me the schmaltz. I'm sleepy.
Gummy: Ziiimaaaa~ Hehe~
Zima: Get off me!
Gummy: Tickle tickle.
Zima: Fine! I'm up! I'm up!
Gummy: Job's done, Istina!
Istina: Good. Now put her to work. I have my hands full.
Zima: Ugh. I just carried all those bags. Why do I have to work more?
Istina: Call it the burden of command.
Gummy: Because you're our leader! Hehe.
Zima: Aahh... Damn it.
Zima: It's open.
Zima: Come on in and give me a hand.
Zima: We'll celebrate once everything's done.
Leto: Can't believe you remembered.
Leto: Ooh, is that...?!
Leto: My favorite!
Leto: That stuff isn't cheap.
Zima: My treat.
Leto: Hehe, thanks.
Zima: What're you standing around for? Get busy.
Leto: All right, all right.
Leto: Can I put this here?
Zima: I just put that out!
Gummy: Hahahahaha!
*Gummy has a habit.*
*When she's happy, she laughs.*
*It's a laugh from the very depths of her soul.*
*And she wants everyone to share such a laugh.*
Istina: Done.
Istina: Zima, say a few words.
Zima: 'A few words.' Eat up.
Zima: Ura!
Istina: Ura.
Leto: Ura!!
Gummy: Ura!
Gummy: (It's been a long time since we all got together.)
Gummy: （......）
Gummy: (I hope Rosa can come next time.)
Zima: It's open.
Ceobe: (Ceobe pokes her head in)
Ceobe: Is the Little Cub here?
Gummy: Hm?
Ceobe: There you are!
Gummy: Eh?
Ceobe: Hiya.
Ceobe: I ate your cookie earlier, so I got you a new one.
Ceobe: Vulcan taught me how to make it. It's fresh outta the oven.
Gummy: Isn't it... kinda big?
Ceobe: Hurry up and eat it before it gets cold.
Ceobe: Bye.
Gummy: Oh. Bye!
Gummy: She's gone.
Leto: Nichego sebe, that's one hell of a cookie.
Zima: A cookie's a cookie.
Zima: Well? Eat it already.
Gummy: (I'm eating well tonight.)
Gummy: (Yay.)
*9:00 p.m.*
*Rhodes Island Dormitories - Zima, Istina, and Gummy's Quarters*
Gummy: Phew. That was great. But now it's bedtime.
Gummy: Just need my trusty night light...
Gummy: Huh? It's not turning on?
Gummy: Did the bulb burn out?
Gummy: Now that I think of it, it wasn't on this morning either.
Gummy: So when did it break?
Gummy: Uh oh...
*Gummy has a habit.*
*She absolutely must sleep with a night light.*
Istina: Gummy.
Gummy: What's up, Istina?
Istina: Can I sleep with you tonight?
Gummy: Y- yeah!
Istina: Zima.
Gummy: Are you sleeping with us too?
Zima: Uh, I guess so.
Zima: Hey, Istina?
Zima: Can the three of us really fit in Gummy's bed?
Istina: Just squeeze in tight.
Zima: Guess we're making a Gummy bear sandwich.
Gummy: Fine by me.
Zima: All right. Just tell me if it gets too hot and stuffy. I'll go back to my room.
Gummy: Okay.
Istina: I'm turning out the lights. Good night.
Zima: Night.
Gummy: Nighty night.
Zima: When was the last time we all slept together like this?
Istina: I can't even remember. I don't even want to remember.
Gummy: Me either.
Zima: Forget I asked. Just get some sleep.
Istina: Zzz......
Zima: As soon as her head hits the pillow, huh?
Gummy: ......
Zima: Gummy?
Gummy: Zzzzzz......
Zima: Guess I'm the only one who doesn't pass right out.
*Sigh*......
Zima: Settle down, brain. We got a busy day tomorrow. Ugh.
Zima: ......
Gummy: (Hehe~)
Gummy: (Zima's so cute.)
Gummy: (Nighty night~)
*Gummy has a habit.*
*......*
*You know the Ursus Student Self-Governing Group?*
*Zima and Istina?*
*They're the habit Gummy just can't quit.*
====================act10mini_A Light Spark in Darkness.xlsx====================
*Nightfall.*
*The rumble of the Originium boilers has yet to cease. Thick plumes of smog gush out of the towering chimneys.*
*The workmen take off their worn-out protective gear and hand it off to the next shift.*
*The day is nearing its end here in Caladon.*
*November 16th, 1097, 9:50 P.M.*
*Nine in the evening is when the Infected factory nearby changes shifts.*
*Many of the workmen choose to kill time by paying Miss Quercus's shop a visit.*
*There is not much the shop has to offer to its patrons.*
*A crude fried fin cutlet, a bowl of tasteless potato soup, and a mug of fruit-wine-flavored water.*
*And yet, the shop has garnered a few regulars.*
James the Worker: Cheers!
Stone the Infected: Cheers!
James the Worker: Hahahaha! Here's to Brande!
Stone the Infected: Hey, Sparky! Another pint!
Susie: Here you go. Your fruit wine.
Susie: So what's going on? Why's everybody so cheery?
James the Worker: Mr. Brande just gave us all a bonus along with our payslips for the month!
Stone the Infected: They say it's a bonus, but it's just a hundred pence.
Stone the Infected: And considering they work us to the bone, that's the least they could owe us.
Stone the Infected: You sure you should be here at this hour, though? Might get a beating from the missus?
James the Worker: Jog on! I'm the king of the castle! She wouldn't dare!
Stone the Infected: Alright. Here's to the king of the castle!
James the Worker: Cheers!
James the Worker: Hey, Sparky! Another pint!
Susie: Hahaha... Mr. James, you really should watch your drink, though. We wouldn't want to upset Mrs. James.
Stone the Infected: Sparky, I heard from your boss you've got something stronger than this piss?
Stone the Infected: Get us some of that!
Susie: Not! Happening!
Susie: Remember what Miss Quercus told you. Strong drink is bad for your condition!
Susie: You need to take better care of yourself, Stone.
Stone the Infected: Come on, what's the problem?
Stone the Infected: This disease is a death sentence. Might as well get a taste of the hard stuff before we cark...
Susie: Don't say that!
Susie: The doctors in the city told us! Oripathy progresses differently depending on the patient's physical condition!
Stone the Infected: Lighten up, I'm just...
Susie: Stone!
Stone the Infected: Um... Yeah?
Susie: Take care of yourself and live life to the fullest! Stop saying that word all the time!
Stone the Infected: Er... Sorry?
James the Worker: Look at you. You got Sparky upset.
*Sigh*, I didn't mean to...
Bitter Root: Huh? Looks like we've got quite a crowd here today.
Susie: Good evening, Mr. Root!
Stone the Infected: Oi, if it isn't Bitter Root! Come on, come on! Let's drink!
Bitter Root: Huh? Something to celebrate today?
*Caladon's Infected community is home to many a peculiar man, and Bitter Root counts among them.*
*Mr. Root works for an organization called Rhodes Island. He's a 'professional' hired by the lords of the city council.*
*But the way Rhodes Island treats the Infected boggles the mind.*
*'Rhodes Island will assist the Caladon City Council and provide medical assistance to all Infected,' said their public address.*
*Why would anyone willingly help the Infected... especially when they're not even from here?*
James the Worker: How's work today, Bitt? T'ain't often you get the free time to come for a drink.
Bitter Root: It's fine. We hired a few extra pair of hands. Things calmed down quite a bit, thanks to them.
James the Worker: Eh? Is it that good working for Rhodes Island? Do they pay well?
Bitter Root: What of it? You interested?
James the Worker: Nah, forget I said anything. I can't even read... I'd just be making a fool of myself.
*At first, no one in the Infected community trusted them. There were even rumors that they were here to take the late-stage Infected away for experiments.*
*But Rhodes Island proved themselves with their actions. They really are here to help.*
*Be it a regular Oripathy infection checkup, acute Oripathy attack treatment, or even just a normal workplace injury, you just walk into their clinic, and they'll help you.*
*Even right here, right now, there are those who have doubts about Rhodes Island's true motives. But at the very least, all of the pub's regulars trust them.*
Bitter Root: By the way, Jim, I saw your wife on my way here.
James the Worker: What? What?? You sure?! Oh, bugger...
James the Worker: Ahem.
James the Worker: Er... You carry on with the drinks. I... I just remembered I've got a few errands to run. See you around!
Stone the Infected: Hahaha, there goes our 'king of the castle!'
James the Worker: Yeah, yeah, off I go. We'll do this another time.
Susie: Be safe on your way home, Mr. James.
*Unlike most of the people in the establishment, Mr. James is not Infected.*
*In Caladon, it isn't uncommon to find non-Infected working in the Infected community.*
*Ever since the 'New Caladon Infected Act' came into place, a lot of the unemployed poor have been risking themselves working in the Infected factories.*
*A great majority of them leave the Infected community as soon as they get off work. They also avoid coming into direct contact with the Infected during working hours.*
*That's understandable. All of us Infected have gotten used to the attitude, and no one blames the non-Infected workmen for it.*
*Though, still, there are people like Mr. James.*
*Sigh*. There goes my drinking buddy.
Stone the Infected: Come on, Bean, stop spacing out over there. Have a few pints with me.
Bean the Infected: Quiet down. I'm reading the newspaper.
Stone the Infected: What's the headlines?
Bean the Infected: It's all been big news the last couple of days! The whole town's talking about it. Don't tell me you haven't heard!
Bitter Root: The new bill, is it? That's some big news, indeed.
Stone the Infected: What new bill?
Bean the Infected: The one that's going to improve how us Infected workers are treated! Do you ever do anything except drink? This bill's going to be massive for all of us!
Stone the Infected: Peh, and here I thought it was something that actually mattered.
Stone the Infected: You're naive, you know? I gave up on that hokum long ago.
Bean the Infected: What, you don't want them to start treating us better?
Stone the Infected: You think the lords actually care about us Infected? On your bike!
Stone the Infected: I guarantee you, this bill thing's bound to fail. It'll be unanimous, even. And then it'll be like nothing ever happened.
Stone the Infected: They're doing this just for show, I tell you.
Bean the Infected: Aha! Too bad, then! You're wrong.
Bean the Infected: The bill didn't pass, but it didn't fail either.
Bean the Infected: It was a tie. The final decision's going to have to wait till next time.
Stone the Infected: I'm still not buying it. It won't pass. What does the paper say, though? What's in that bill, specifically?
Bean the Infected: One second. Let's see... I remember some bits and pieces of it back when they announced it.
Bean the Infected: Oh, take a look. It says here that Infected workers cannot work more than fifteen hours a day, that the factories have to give the Infected the same kinds of Originium protective equipment as non-Infected...
Stone the Infected: Pfft. Don't make me laugh.
Stone the Infected: There's a snowball's chance that's true. What's that saying again? There's no pies in the sky?
Stone the Infected: What would you outlanders even know? Me, I'm a born-and-bred Caladonian. I've seen how they do things my whole life. No one knows the nobles how I do.
Stone the Infected: You're still counting on those stingy tosspots to do anything for you out of their pockets? Dream on.
*Sigh*... You want to at least hold out some hope... Keep a positive outlook on things.
Bitter Root: There's no need to be so negative. Who could've thought ten years ago that they'd pass that New Caladonian Infected Act, right?
Stone the Infected: Now that, that's apples to oranges.
Stone the Infected: Us Infected can work their factories, and the heads only have to pay us half the money. They get to pocket the other half! Of course they passed that bill!
Bean the Infected: That's true. Oftentimes, they don't even pay us with cash, just Wage Tickets.
Bitter Root: Things take time. I think you could be more optimistic about this.
Bitter Root: Keep in mind that Caladon willingly accepts Infected from all the cities out there, and even offers work. You don't see that anywhere else in Victoria.
Bean the Infected: I heard from some of the foremen these policies are... what... 'Columbian-style?'
Bean the Infected: Are all the Columbian cities like this?
Bitter Root: Well... It's complicated. There's a tiny bit of difference.
Stone the Infected: Whatever, time for a new topic. Any other news?
Bean the Infected: Let's see...
Bean the Infected: 'Terror in Caladon! Loud Roars Heard Underground at Night!'
Bean the Infected: And then... 'Possible Infected Smuggling Activity Spotted in Abandoned Districts in Caladon Outskirts.'
Bean the Infected: Then there's also this... 'Public Safety in Jeopardy, Convicts and Wanted Criminals Have Infiltrated the Infected Community.'
Susie: Why are all the headlines like that?
Stone the Infected: That's the 'Caladon Daily' and their rubbish reporting for you. They love their terrorizing headlines, and they take care to add the word 'Infected' in there. Just talking about those hack journos makes me want to puke.
Bitter Root: It's true, but you should still be careful, Susie. Caladon hasn't been all that safe lately.
Susie: Hahaha... I'll watch out. Thanks.
*November 17th, 1097, 8:40 A.M.*
Susie: Fin fillets, potatoes, green onions... I guess that's about it?
Susie: Oh, and the pepper, too!
Susie: I just have to deliver these to Mr. Kells, right?
Citizen: Yes, please.
Susie: On my way!
Protester: Foreigners go home!
Protester: Out with the Infected! This is our home!!
Loud-Mouthed Man: Out with the Infected!
Loud-Mouthed Man: It's the Infected's fault us porters lost all our jobs!
*It's not uncommon to find people protesting the Infected community here in Caladon.*
*When the city council passed the New Caladonian Infected Act four years ago, a large group of Infected migrated to the city for work all at once.*
*But the hostility between the non-Infected and the Infected didn't improve.*
Loud-Mouthed Man: Hey, you! The Infected there! Get over here!
Susie: I-I'm just walking past...
Loud-Mouthed Man: What's that you're holding? Eh?
Susie: It's just...
Loud-Mouthed Man: What's that in your basket! Let me see it!
Susie: These are items I'm delivering to a customer!
Loud-Mouthed Man: Shouldn't your lot be working in the factories right now? What are you wandering around here for?!
Susie: It's part of my job to deliver things too...
Loud-Mouthed Man: Who said you could talk back?!
Susie: Urgh...
Susie: (Ouch...)
Susie: Spark... Arts...
Susie: (Bear with it, Susie... Don't fight back...)
Susie: (This isn't the first time something like this has happened...)
Loud-Mouthed Man: What gives you Infected the right to walk the streets in broad daylight anyway?
Loud-Mouthed Man: It's all your fault the air here has gotten so polluted!
Loud-Mouthed Man: Bunch of pests! Go back to the sewers, where you belong!
Susie: (But you're the one who came to the Infected community...)
Loud-Mouthed Man: What? What are you looking at me for? Looking for a fight?!
Red: That's enough, mister. Let's not overdo it.
Loud-Mouthed Man: And who are you?
*The tall, masked man helps the Feline girl up and turns around to face the thug.*
Red: There's no reason to lay hands on an unarmed lady now. It's not a very honorable thing to do, wouldn't you agree?
Loud-Mouthed Man: What? She's just an Infected!
Loud-Mouthed Man: And what's with you? Trying to be a hero?
Loud-Mouthed Man: Well? If you want some, come and get it!
Red: ......
Loud-Mouthed Man: Coward.
Susie: Mr. Red!
Red: Hmph.
Red: I'm afraid I don't have what it takes to offend you, kind sir.
Red: Though before you continue, I should inform you that I have Originium crystals on my face, and your punch landed right on one.
Loud-Mouthed Man: W-What...?
Red: Oh, sir, this isn't good. Look, I'm bleeding out of my mouth, and your hand is injured.
Red: It might just get you infected too.
Loud-Mouthed Man: What?! But...!
Protester: Hurry! To the hospital! You can still make it!
Loud-Mouthed Man: Damn you, Ursus! You'd better watch your back! You'll regret this!
Protester: Enough now! Get to the hospital!
Susie: Um, thanks... Mr. Red.
Susie: A-Are you okay?
Red: Don't worry about me. I'm used to taking a beating.
Red: I could ask you the same. Look at your face. It's all swollen.
Susie: I-I'm okay... I'll put some ice on it when I get home.
Red: There've been more anti-Infected protests here lately. You should avoid this area on your way back.
Red: Where are you headed? I'll go with you.
Susie: Thanks, but don't you have work? I wouldn't want to be a bother...
Red: Don't worry yourself. I have errands in the area too.
*Mr. Red works at a nearby factory, and he visits the shop sometimes.*
*He may be from Ursus, but he doesn't like to drink. He prefers to read a book in the shop all by himself.*
*The other workers seem to really respect him. They all call him 'the bossman'.*
Susie: But... Mr. Red, is that man really going to catch Oripathy?
Red: Of course not. You don't just get infected like that. I was only scaring him.
Red: Oripathy can spread through blood, but he only had some minor scrapes.
Red: It's pretty effective as a bluff, though.
Susie: Hahaha, I see.
James the Worker: Those bastards... What a lot of utter scumbags!
James the Worker: Laying hands on a young lady? Have they no shame?
Susie: Don't get yourself all worked up. I'm okay.
Grani: So they ran off after they hit you? Did you see where they went?
Red: They ran north, so my guess is they headed to the Boil.
Grani: The Boil, eh? It won't be easy to find them, then.
Grani: In any case, I'll make a note. They've been fairly short staffed at the Guards lately.
Grani: Does your face still hurt? Need me to massage it a bit?
Susie: Haha... It's okay. Don't worry about me, Officer Grani.
Grani: It's true how Caladon hasn't been that safe lately... but I didn't expect you to get attacked, Susie.
*Officer Grani isn't with the local Caladon Guards. She's a Mounted Police officer temporarily loaned to the local guards and assigned to the Infected community.*
*Of course, the Caladon Guards aren't very interested in keeping the Infected safe. This 'short staffed' business seems to be an excuse, too.*
*Which makes Officer Grani one of very few local law enforcement officers willing to help the Infected.*
*Though just the few of them alone... can't solve all of the community's safety problems.*
Grani: No loss of property... and that's filed. This is all I can do for you right now.
Grani: I'm off now. Come find me if there's any more trouble.
Susie: Thank you, Officer Grani.
Stone the Infected: The idiots better hope I don't find them first.
Red: What if you do find them?
Stone the Infected: I'll beat the life out of them!
Red: Think, Stone. The moment you lay a finger, everyone around will start screaming and making a fuss.
Red: Then, the next morning, the front page of 'Caladon Daily' will read 'Infected Batters Innocent Citizen, Security Problems Worse by the Day.'
Stone the Infected: Well...
Red: And I remember that rotten boy and his loud mouth.
Red: A month ago, he was protesting the crowd in overalls, complaining how the factory he worked at was shut down because of the Infected.
Red: Two months ago, he protested with the hawkers and said the Infected stole his merchandise.
Red: So what is he today?
Susie: I think he said he was a 'porter'?
Stone the Infected: What in the world!
Bean the Infected: Sounds like something the gangs of the Boil would do. He was probably hired. Now which lord did we offend again?
Red: The Infected community's always been a thorn in the side of certain people. As long as the councilors who support the new bill aren't in the majority, these things will keep happening.
Red: We'd better keep our eyes peeled.
Stone the Infected: This prick, though... Forget Susie. He even tried to fight you, bossman, and how dare he!
Red: Alright, enough. Your pint's getting lonely.
*Sigh*... How am I supposed to drink, knowing our little Sparky got harassed?
Susie: Hahaha, you're just exaggerating.
Bean the Infected: Sparky, take this.
Susie: Huh? What is it?
Bean the Infected: It's an ointment that helps reduce swelling. Anywhere it hurts, just rub some on there after you wash your face tonight.
Stone the Infected: Huh? Now how come you're not giving me some of that?
Bean the Infected: This is from Yan! You know how expensive it is? Besides, look how rough you are! What do you need it for?!
Susie: Oh... If it's that expensive, I can't take it.
Bean the Infected: No, do. Best not work a pub with a swollen face.
Susie: Hahaha... This isn't exactly a pub, though...
Susie: Thanks, Mr. Bean.
Susie: In that case, your drinks are on the house tonight.
Stone the Infected: Now that's what I'm talking about!
Exhausted Woman: Susie, are you sure you have to go?
Susie: Yes, Mum... Staying here... isn't going to do any of us any good.
Exhausted Woman: No, Susie, listen to me... I found another job this month. Don't worry about the medicine. We'll figure something out!
Susie: Please don't... I can't be a burden on the family anymore, not when my baby brother and sister still have school. And when my big brothers are all still healthy.
Exhausted Woman: I can't let my daughter go to another city alone!
Susie: Don't worry about me. I heard how the Infected working in Caladon get medicine as part of their pay.
Exhausted Woman: I'm sorry... It's all my fault, Susie... I'm so sorry.
Susie: I'll take care of myself. Don't worry, Mum.
*November 18th, 1097, 9:20 A.M.*
*Every now and then, I dream of my family.*
*I was born in Boschendal, a small town at the northern edge of Victoria.*
*When I was little, back when my father was still alive, he would take our whole family out to picnics.*
*When you're up on Mount Shay, gazing out into the distance, you can even see the vast Kazimierzian Plains.*
*It's been five years since the last time I went home, but my mother still sends me letters.*
*My family's situation has taken a turn for the better since I left. It was difficult to pay all the expenses an Infected needs with just my mother and my brothers' income.*
*They're living a better life, and that's more than enough for me.*
Susie: Welcome!
Quercus: Look who's here!
Susie: Huh? Hi, boss!
Quercus: Li'l~ Susie~
Quercus: Let me give your ears a good rub!
Susie: Hahaha... boss... that tickles!
Quercus: Boss again? Come on, don't be such a stranger!
Susie: Hahaha... Miss Quercus.
Quercus: Hm?
Susie: Quercus...
Quercus: That's more like it!
*Quercus is a free-spirit, and also the owner of the shop.*
*Although most people here treat it like a pub, it's actually Quercus's arboretum and lighting shop.*
*Many have asked us why she would open such a shop in the Infected community.*
*And her answer has always been a very simple one.*
Quercus: Why open a lighting shop?
Quercus: Because I want to.
*That said, Quercus actually spends very little time in Caladon.*
*The shop seems only to be a hobby of hers. In other words, she really meant it when she said she wanted to. She mostly works as a Messenger, spending her time bustling about in the wilderness. Most people call her the 'Druid of Gododdin.'*
*By the way, Quercus's Arts are actually very unique. She plants all kinds of strange flora around the shop, and she brewed most of the alcohol we sell here herself.*
*She even gave me my staff and Arts Unit because they can apparently help me control my own Originium Arts.*
Susie: Why did you come back this time? Did you need something?
Quercus: Oh? I'm not allowed to come see you without a special reason?
Susie: Hahaha...
Quercus: I have something to take care. What, have you forgotten? It's almost the end of the year!
Susie: Oh, right...
*This is a defining moment for me.*
*I've been saving up money for a few years now. I want to buy this place.*
*I want to have my own shop here in Caladon. No matter what I do, this will be the beginning of my independence.*
*And Quercus often tells me that the shop's landlord has been thinking about renting to someone else, and that she doesn't have much time to take care of it.*
Quercus: So you've saved up all this? That's amazing, Susie!
Susie: But, Quercus... Are you sure it's okay? Isn't it a bit on the low side for a place like this?
Quercus: How many times have you asked me that now? Do you not trust me?
Susie: No, I mean... Of course I trust you.
Quercus: I'll get you a meeting with the landlord sometime next week for you to work out the details. He's a dependable one.
Susie: Next week, huh...?
*November 18th, 1097, 9:56 P.M.*
Susie: Here's your tea, Miss Mountbelan.
Skyfire: Thanks.
*Ethelflaed Julie Mountbelan is one of our regulars. She's just Miss Mountbelan to us.*
*She's another of Rhodes Island's experts. She's in charge of coming up with solutions to solve Infected problems for the council.*
*Just like Mr. Root, she got along with our other customers straight away.*
*The Mountbelan name is known far and wide in the country, so I still haven't grown completely used to seeing a lady from such a prestigious family having tea around the Infected community.*
Quercus: Judging by your look, I suppose the lords did something to make you unhappy?
*Miss Mountbelan takes a sip of tea. Both her lips and the blood vessels on her forehead are twitching.*
Skyfire: Can you believe it? Can you believe it?!
Skyfire: I spent two weeks preparing all that data, and they only read a single page of it!
Skyfire: Just one page!!
Skyfire: How short-sighted can they be?! The issues I raised are urgent to the point they need addressing right now! You can't tell me it doesn't worry them one bit?!
Quercus: Oh, they don't worry about the fire until it's started burning them.
Skyfire: It this drags on, it'll immolate them completely.
Skyfire: Hasn't the Reunion mayhem in Gododdin taught them anything?
Quercus: The flames of Reunion Gododdin were stomped out two years ago. Why would it be a problem to these noble lords?
Skyfire: Things aren't that simple, though! It's as though they don't even understand the crux of the matter! Reunion isn't just a band of thugs or bandits. There's a reason they started that uprising.
Stone the Infected: Oi, is it just me or did it get warmer in here all of a sudden?
James the Worker: Yeah, I think it did.
Quercus: Not again. Cool it a little. Don't burn my store down.
*Sigh*... Never mind.
Susie: Hahaha... Calm down, Miss Mountbelan.
Susie: You're off work. Try to keep a happier face on, I think.
Susie: Here, give these a try.
Skyfire: What do you have here... Sweets?
Susie: That's right. Quercus made these vanilla mints herself. Let them calm your rage.
*Sigh*... Thanks...
Skyfire: I was on a holiday in Siesta just a few months ago... and now I'm starting to miss that place.
Susie: It sounds like you've really had it tough, Miss Mountbelan. Loosen up some if you can.
Skyfire: At least I have you lot to listen to me grumble here.
Susie: You can't do that at Rhodes Island?
Skyfire: You think my case is bad? Everyone has it tough there... Kicking up a fuss at work would only hurt morale.
James the Worker: Don't worry, we're all a bunch of idiots. By the time you finish a sentence, we've gone and forgotten what you said.
Quercus: So, what conclusion did the lords arrive at?
Skyfire: Well, halfway through the meeting, they started fixating on all those silly rumors.
Quercus: You mean like the 'sounds in the city underground' and 'criminals have infiltrated the Infected community?'
Bean the Infected: In the end, it's all the Infected's fault, eh?
Skyfire: Right, it's all just baseless conspiracy theories. It's a mystery to me who's even been spreading them.
Skyfire: Anyway, the meeting devolved into a pointless shouting match after that.
James the Worker: It sounds like a lot of the lords support the Infected community, though?
Bean the Infected: We do solve a lot of their problems, after all. Some of the lords have made a good bit of dough over the last few years. Likelihood is they're just more amenable to it than most, considering they're directly profiting.
Quercus: Besides, the community doesn't only concern the Infected anymore. There's plenty of non-Infected working here now, right?
James the Worker: That's true. I'm one of them right here.
Skyfire: Right, that's a fair point... but talking about it all here and now won't change a thing. I still have other engagements tomorrow, so if you'll excuse me.
Quercus: Be careful out there.
Bean the Infected: Now setting that aside...
Bean the Infected: Why are you working here in our community, James? It's strange for me to say, but isn't it a bit risky, on shift with the Infected?
James the Worker: Risky... eh?
James the Worker: Tell you the truth, risks are, in the end, nothing more than an unknown. Putting food on the table, that's the immediate problem.
James the Worker: If worse comes to worst, suppose I actually catch Oripathy, my family are still going to live better than if I didn't have a job.
James the Worker: I've got two little mouths to feed. I can't just leave it to my wife to be the breadwinner. Besides, it's not like she makes much, selling scarves. We wouldn't be able to get by.
James the Worker: My mum's got asthma. It costs an arm and a leg to treat. My dad's got some serious bone disease too. He can't even get out of bed.
James the Worker: I don't have a choice. If only I could find better work...
*Sigh*... How come it sounds like your life's more of a mess than mine?
Stone the Infected: ......
Bean the Infected: Why're you so quiet today, Stone? Did something happen?
*cough*... How old did James say his kids are again?
James the Worker: One's eight, the other twelve. Why?
Stone the Infected: No... No reason. Just thinking.
Bean the Infected: Come on, if you've got something on your mind, just say it. It's not like we're strangers.
Susie: Did you run into some kind of trouble, Stone?
Stone the Infected: Trouble, huh...? *Sigh*.
Stone the Infected: I-I got a letter from my wife. She said she'll come pay me a visit with our daughter.
Bean the Infected: A daughter? You have a daughter?!
Susie: Eh? I didn't know you were married!
Stone the Infected: What?! Is it that strange to you?
Bean the Infected: No, not like that. Just... an Infected having a kid...
Stone the Infected: Oh, don't you worry about that. I caught Oripathy afterwards. My wife and daughter are fine.
Bean the Infected: Isn't that a good thing? Why the long face?
James the Worker: Right, you got Oripathy, and your wife didn't abandon you. Wish the missus cared about me like that.
*Sigh*, look at me. How am I supposed to face them the way I am now?
Susie: What's wrong with the way you are?
Bean the Infected: Right, why look down on yourself like that?
Quercus: It's true, though. You're not exactly in good shape to see her.
Quercus: Why don't we get you a haircut? You could at least be a little better groomed?
Susie: Alright! If it's a haircut Stone needs...
Susie: (Brandishes a pair of scissors and a comb)
Stone the Infected: Hold your beasties! You know how to cut hair, Sparky?
Quercus: Now, don't underestimate her! My girl Susie's a master hairdresser.
Susie: Ta-dah!
Quercus: Well, doesn't that look pretty good?
Stone the Infected: I don't usually cut it so short. Feels all breezy...
James the Worker: Hey, you're looking fresh.
Susie: I think you can do a lot for yourself if you pay just a little more attention to your hair, Stone.
*Sigh*. Look at me, though. My life's a disaster. How am I supposed to find time to care about my hair?
Susie: Don't think like that!
Susie: It's because life's so hard that we should find our own ways to live better.
Quercus: Right. No one's ever said the Infected have to live in misery.
Quercus: Chin up. Your wife will be delighted to see you like this.
Bean the Infected: Take it slow. You come to my room later.
Bean the Infected: I've got some clean clothes I've been holding onto. Haven't worn them much. Give them a wash and see if they fit.
Stone the Infected: Eh... You sure about that?
Bean the Infected: What's to stand on ceremony? Just take them!
Bean the Infected: Now come on, drink up!
*November 23rd, 1097, 10:35 A.M.*
*Today's the day.*
*I'm meeting the landlord.*
*There's a thick stack of cash in front of me.*
*Six thousand, five hundred pounds. This amount of money was once unthinkable to me.*
*When I was little, one of my brothers broke an Originium lamp we had. Mum gave him a really good spanking.*
*That was the first time I saw her get that angry. She needed that lamp to patrol the mineshaft at night.*
*The lamp was worth a hundred and fifty pounds. It was almost her entire month's salary. That's what got her so angry.*
*How many Originium lamps could six thousand and five hundred pounds buy?*
*I assess the enormity of the heavy, foul-smelling pile of sacrifice before me.*
*All the meals I've skipped over the years. All the hardships I've suffered through.*
*Six thousand, five hundred pounds.*
*These sheets of paper are like a bridge I laid myself, brick by brick. On the other side stands my dreams.*
Susie: Susie! Get it together!
Susie: You're just meeting with the landlord! He's just a landlord!
Susie: From tomorrow onwards, you'll be the shop's owner! Your dream is coming true!
Susie: You're almost there, Susie!
*I look in the mirror and give my cheeks a good slap.*
Susie: How should I greet him?
Susie: 'Nice to meet you, sir! I'm very glad to...'
Susie: No, the smile's too stiff.
*My dream is about to come true, but I don't feel the least bit excited. On the contrary, I'm growing more and more afraid of seeing the man about to walk into the shop.*
*The landlord... What kind of a person is he?*
*Is he infected or not? Will he really sell the shop to me?*
*He's selling it to me so cheap. Could it be a scam?*
*Is he doing this because, like everyone else, he just wants to make fun of me, to humiliate me?*
*M-Maybe Quercus isn't Infected either... Maybe they're in on this together, just to...*
Susie: Ahhh! What am I thinking!
*I smack my face hard.*
*I'm using pain to suppress these shameful, despicable emotions.*
Susie: Don't be like this, Susie! This is hideous!
*I stare into the mirror. The only thing that can be heard inside the quiet shop is the clock's ticking.*
*It's like torture.*
Quercus: Susie! Are you there?
Susie: Ehhh?!
Quercus: Watch your Arts!
Quercus: What's the matter with you? What are you so scared of? Did something happen?
Susie: No... I'm okay! Good morning, Miss Quercus.
Quercus: (Doubtful glare)
Quercus: Look at those dark circles under your eyes!
Quercus: What's wrong? Did you not sleep well?
Susie: Hahaha... I was a little nervous.
Bitter Root: Good morning, Miss Susie.
Susie: Oh! Mr. Root! Sorry, I didn't see...
Susie: Huh? What time is it?
Susie: Oh, sorry, Mr. Root. We aren't open today. Did you need something?
Bitter Root: You haven't told her yet, Quercus?
Quercus: Oh, you're right. I haven't.
Susie: Huh?
Quercus: I forgot to mention it, but he's the landlord who owns the shop.
Susie: Eh?
Susie: Ehhh??
Susie: Mr. Root's the landlord? So the previous owners signed their contracts with Mr. Root?!
Bitter Root: It's a long story... Anyway, Rhodes Island actually owns this property.
Bitter Root: I've heard the details from Quercus. Miss Susie, you want to buy the store, is that right?
Bitter Root: Permit me to ask, then. What kind of business do you want to run here?
Susie: Business?
Susie: Oh! Business!
Susie: ......
Susie: M-My father was a hairdresser.
Susie: When I was little, he often said... we shouldn't change our attitude towards life just because we're poor.
Susie: Hairdressing may seem trivial, but if someone's putting in the effort to keep themselves groomed, then they must still carry the will to live.
Susie: That's why I thought...
Susie: It would be nice... to open a hair salon in the Infected community.
Bitter Root: Hairdressing, huh...? For the Infected?
Bitter Root: That sounds very nice.
Bitter Root: It's a deal, then! Someone will come to sort out the contract later.
Susie: Eh? That's it?
Bitter Root: We've known each other for a long time, haven't we? You'll be fine, Susie.
Susie: My own shop... It feels like... I'm dreaming.
Susie: That reminds me. Where will you go now, Miss Quercus? Are you going to leave the city?
Quercus: Oh, don't look at me like that. It's not like I won't ever come back.
Quercus: I'll stop by every now and then. I have lots of friends in town, you know?
Bitter Root: Oh, and one last thing.
Bitter Root: Susie, Quercus got you a little gift.
Susie: A gift? Huh?
Quercus: Come, Susie. Everyone's waiting for you.
Quercus: Congratulations!
Grani: You did it, Susie!
Susie: Officer Grani! Why are you here?!
Stone the Infected: Alright! Now Sparky's the owner! Make sure you keep the booze we like on the taps!
Red: Congratulations, Susie.
Susie: Mr. Red! Aren't you supposed to be working?!
Stone the Infected: Oh, we took the day off. We weren't going to miss the moment you took over the shop.
James the Worker: That's right. I've been coming here every day for the last few years now. I probably know this place better than I do my own home.
Bean the Infected: Your wife could give you a good socking for that.
Quercus: Alrighty, then. Miss Susie, our new owner, the shop is all yours!
Susie: ......
*Sob*...
Quercus: Oh, why are you tearing up? Don't cry!
James the Worker: Yeah, no crying.
James the Worker: Life's been hard for all of us lately. It's not often we get something to celebrate, yeah?
James the Worker: Cheer up!
Bean the Infected: Anyway, it doesn't matter what you turn the place into. I'll be here.
Grani: Hahaha... What's this? Tears of joy?
Susie: (Breaking up) Miss Quercus... I...
Quercus: Okay, okay now. No more tears...
*My dream—*
*To the Infected, dreams are distant and unattainable.*
*My dream has always been to have my own shop, my own life.*
*So I wouldn't have to be a burden on my family anymore.*
*And now, my dream is about to come true. It's an unimaginable luxury for an Infected.*
*Does that make me lucky?*
*November 24th, 1097, 6:35 A.M.*
*Smoke...*
*A thick layer of smoke spreads from a corner of the Infected community, breaking the morning tranquility.*
Guards Member: Evacuate the nearby residents first!
Guards Member: You there, quit dawdling about! Nothing to see here!
Firefighter: Over here! The fire's still going!
Firefighter: Check again for casualties! This is the Infected community!
Firefighter: Look for any traces of Originium, like damaged appliances!
Firefighter: Don't let any activated dust spread!
Guards Member: Bloody hell... Why's somebody setting fires around here?!
Susie: Why...
Guards Member: Evacuate everyone first! Hey, you, Feline over there! What are you doing?!
*Smoke...*
*The smoke and scorched stench fill the air.*
*The burning leather and timber crack apart in the lingering heat.*
Firefighter: Don't run in there! Are you daft?!
Guards Member: Hold her back!
Susie: Why...
*The girl is unwilling to believe what she sees before her. She wants to close her eyes.*
*This has to be a dream.*
*This has to be a bad dream.*
*Right. The moment she opens her eyes, she'll be free of this nightmare.*
*Yes, when she open her eyes, she'll be greeted by the same old ceiling. A new day awaits her. A new day with her own shop.*
*But the shop before her is nothing but a pile of rubble engulfed in flames.*
*Of the sign that once read 'Green Spark,' nothing remains but a few burnt fragments. It matches the walls and ceiling, long since rendered ash.*
*Before her eyes lies what was once her dreams, her hopes, and her future.*
*All of it now buried in this burning rubble.*
Susie: Why...?
*The will that once helped the Feline girl through countless tribulations can support her small body no longer.*
*She falls to her knees.*
*The scorching ashes burns her hands and legs. The broken fragments cut through her skin.*
*In the ruins of despair, an Infected lost everything.*
*And so the blaze is extinguished.*
====================act11d0_Twilight of Wolumonde.xlsx====================
*3:23 P.M. \ Clear*
*Underneath a nondescript oak tree, outside the nomadic town of Wolumonde, Leithanien*
???: ......
Tatjana: Schultz Severin... This is your third pack of the day.
Severin: Schultz?
Tatjana: Oh, sorry, Uncle...
Severin: I need my tobacco. You're right, of course. Alcohol and tobacco are bad habits. Don't be like me.
Tatjana: But your cough keeps getting worse.
Severin: We're off the clock. No need to be so formal. How many times have I told you? Never mind.
*He looks away. The burned tents, the weeds growing out of control. He flicks the ash from his cigarette.*
*He hoped to find some peace and quiet in his solitude, even if it was just a change of his title.*
*Sigh*... They made you come all the way out here!
Severin: The bunch of old schemers. They won't even come to me themselves. They send out a little girl to get hurt——*Cough* *cough*, *cough* *cough*!
Tatjana: Calm down, Uncle! I volunteered. I thought it would be better to tell you myself.
*Wheeze*——*cough* *cough*, *cough* *cough*——
Tatjana: You really have to quit smoking and drinking. Look how bad you've gotten...
Severin: I've more or less figured it out. Damn it.
Tatjana: Well, there was a heated discussion back in council. The young people hid in the parlor. No one dared to speak.
Tatjana: No, no one helped me. I couldn't convince anyone on my own. I'm sorry.
Severin: The situation has been tense since the town went off course. We don't need to be standing on ceremony anymore. Not that anyone would listen to students and kids, even if they did speak up.
Severin: And then what happened?
Tatjana: The councilors agreed that because it was impossible to distinguish between Infected and the state of their infection, it's better safe than sorry...
Severin: ......
Tatjana: The bodies need to be buried outside the town. And of course... no funerals.
*Sigh*...
Tatjana: I... I'm sorry...
Severin: But some of them are people of Wolumonde. Our own. We can't just abandon them.
Severin: Eckehard was the best tailor in town. He took over the shop from his father. We wouldn't have weddings without him.
Severin: And poor Biederman. He lost his job as a Catastrophe Messenger because of the Great Rift. But he's trying to atone. He is strong.
Severin: Kevin wasn't Infected. He worked hard for his wife. He was a good husband.
Severin: And Thorwald, he——*cough* *cough*, *hack* *cough*——
Tatjana: No more smoking, Schultz. Thor even said so.
Severin: Can you accept it, child? Honestly? Forget what the old schemers think.
Tatjana: I... I don't know...
Tatjana: I just want Thor to be buried so he can rest in peace. I don't want people treating him like he's a threat when he's already dead... to be tossed out there... to the elements.
Severin: Alright.
Tatjana: Why do we have to treat them like that? We never did anything like that before.
Tatjana: And that Oripathy doctor. She was incredible. She refused to abandon Wolumonde. All four of them have the right to a decent burial, but——
Severin: Putting them together with the Infected——
Tatjana: We should just be blaming the fire.
Severin: I know.
Severin: But... But let's save that for later. For now, we can't just dump their remains.
Severin: I contacted the nearest Gendarmerie, and they will have experts on the rescue team to assist with the investigation. Until then, we'll keep the bodies where I can care for them.
Severin: Once we have specialists on scene, we can treat the dead with appropriate care.
Tatjana: We can still get help?
Severin: They could be a month out, depending on the exact length of the rift. It could honestly be several months.
Tatjana: Wolumonde is getting worse and worse every day now that we're off course. Everyone is saying we'll have to head around the whole Great Rift to get back on track.
Tatjana: But if the Great Rift is that big, if the detour is too long...
Severin: Anyway, we have to wait.
Severin: Give me a minute with Thor. I think... I think I'm entitled to that.
Severin: If the old schemers want to leave my boy in the middle of nowhere, they'll have to shoot their own Schultz.
Severin: They'll have to shoot me.
Tatjana: They won't! We all know how much you've done for the town!
Severin: ...No, forget I said that.
Severin: I can't say that at a time like this. The Schultz can't talk like that. We have work to do.
Tatjana: But Thor is still your son!
Severin: Tatjana, you go back and tell them. Tell them...
Severin: Tell them...
Severin: Tell them I agree. *Cough*. I agree with them.
*Cough* *cough* cough*, *cough* *cough*——
???: ......
Armed Infected: They came back.
???: Hm.
Armed Infected: Thanks to the locals, we were able to slip into the nearby town and replenish our supplies.
Armed Infected: The hunters will be back soon. Hope we get something today. I'm sick of sandworms. Two days is enough.
???: Hm.
???: How about water?
Armed Infected: Not an issue. Gotta thank them for that too.
Armed Infected: But seriously, I don't like talking to them. I always feel like they're looking down on me.
???: Hm.
Armed Infected: It looks like Wolumonde is going to start migrating again soon. We have to see some results by then.
???: We have help. It will be good.
Armed Infected: Help...? Maybe.
Armed Infected: But I don't trust the local Infected. They're just out for revenge.
Armed Infected: Leithanien is better to the Infected than most places are. And since everyone here uses Arts, they don't have much reason to fear or persecute them.
Armed Infected: And isn't it enough that the Infected can have a decent life here without being sent straight to the gallows?
Armed Infected: I think they're just a bunch of thugs, stealing our name for their own purposes—
???: Name?
???: What's in... a name?
Armed Infected: Erm...
???: We don't trust them... fine. But... who do we trust? Who should we trust?
Armed Infected: Can you stop talking so creepily? Whatever you say, captain.
???: ...Thank you.
???: Oh, a leaf. It fell on your head...
Armed Infected: Huh? What?
???: A few boxes of dried meat. Fresh-picked fruit. Water. It's early autumn. Still a long way to winter...
???: We have time.
Armed Infected: Okay. You're still kind of confusing me with that talk.
Armed Infected: Anyway, it's your call when to start the war.
???: War? No...
Armed Infected: Huh?
???: Look. The hunters are back.
???: Seems our food will be better tonight.
Armed Infected: I hope so. We should eat more meat while we can. Food is going to be a big problem come winter.
???: ......
???: Did Bob ever write back?
Armed Infected: Haven't heard from him since we got to Leithanien... Erm, by the way, I've been meaning to ask...
Armed Infected: Like, was his code name 'Bob' and they started calling him 'Big Bob' because he's a big guy, or was he 'Big Bob' from the start?
???: ...I don't remember.
Armed Infected: Whatever. They're bounty hunters. Maybe they found the treasure.
???: Treasure. Hm.
???: It would be nice... if there was a treasure to help us too.
Folinic: It's been 27 days!
Folinic: How could she take so long to make contact? She's obsessed with punctuality!
Folinic: ......
Folinic: Atro... where are you...?
Suzuran: Folinic?
Folinic: Oh, Lisa... Err, I'm supposed to call you Operator Suzuran now, huh?
Folinic: It's a good code name.
Suzuran: Hehe, thanks!
Suzuran: You've been watching the communication room for 20 hours now. Aren't you going to take a break?
Folinic: Has it been that long?
Suzuran: Yes! So please go to the break room and get some rest. I'll take over for you.
Folinic: Okay... It's really been that long...
Suzuran: Still no word from Atro?
Folinic: None yet. I already put in an application to go to Leithanien. If Amiya approves, I'll leave right away.
Suzuran: Leithanien? Don't you have work to do?
Folinic: She's my classmate, and my best friend. I can't... I won't abandon her.
Folinic: Atro's last contact was with the office in northern Leithanien. Unless something big happened, she wouldn't go far from there.
Suzuran: Then I'll go too!
Folinic: No.
Suzuran: Huh?! Harsh...
Suzuran: You- you just want to find Atro, right? It won't be dangerous?
Folinic: Who knows what the situation could be.
Suzuran: That's okay! I'm a fully accredited operator now, and a student of Dr. Kal'tsit!
Suzuran: And I can't stand seeing my big sister Folinic's worried face all the time! I have to do something!
*Sigh*. I never imagined little Lisa would worry about me someday. Everything's all out of order lately.
Suzuran: Big or small, we all have worries.
Folinic: Well, okay! I reported in to the local branch office anyway. If anything goes wrong, they'll send help.
Folinic: Let's just wait for Amiya's approval and then we'll go together. But you'll have to stay close by me.
Suzuran: A message? Is it Atro?
Folinic: ......
Folinic: No. It's a brief, sent by an operator in Leithanien who received our message.
Suzuran: Folinic?
Folinic: Atro was spotted in a small town in Leithanien... And about one month ago...
Folinic: That town suffered a Catastrophe.
====================act12d0_The Great Chief Returns.xlsx====================
*Everything you could ever want is right here.*
*The moment of peace you've longed for. A land without warfare, the embrace of your mother.*
*Your consciousness expands limitlessly, breaking its shackles. You are free.*
Option_1: What is freedom?
Option_2: I'm free!
*Broadly speaking, to be free is a relative state, free from constraints. However, people who say this are often constrained by their flesh.*
*But you are truly free.*
*That's right, my dear friend. You are free, and you forever will be.*
*You are a resolute stone in the river of time. Though your responsibilities, fate, desires, and attachments may all be washed away, you, and only you, will always exist here.*
*You are beholden to nothing, and nothing is beholden to you.*
Option_1: There is nothing better than this!
Option_2: Responsibilities. Fate. Desires. Attachments...
*You understand everything. Right now, you are speaking to an unfathomable being. Gaze in awe and offer up your purest blood.*
*Or maybe you have merely been hit on the head and fallen into a state of unconsciousness. You are simply carrying out a meaningless conversation with an imaginary self.*
Option_3: I want to build my kingdom here!
Option_4: No, on second thought, I'm more of a masochist.
*A wise decision, my King. This place is broader than Terra itself, and you can build whatever you wish here.*
*First of all, let's found a country. How about naming it the Land of Existence?*
*The country raised on the banks of Nothingness shall last a thousand years——*
*Oh, pardon me. It seems that our noble cause must come to an end here.*
*Like a ray of light that shines through the curtains, a strong sense of discomfort suddenly invades your consciousness.*
*You love pain. You like exhaustion. You enjoy plunging into the flames. You relish getting hurt.*
*Smart people are forever seeking a failure that is just right, some loss that can be aptly contained. They believe this is the best way to help themselves grow.*
*Do not become conceited, my dear Secretary of the Nothingness Department.*
*Well then. Firstly, let's grant you some of that pain that you love oh so much——*
*From every nook and cranny of your flesh, comes the sensation of extreme soreness.*
*Soldier, you have borne countless pains, witnessed innumerable failures. There is little that brings you joy.*
*But that is exactly what has allowed you to come this far. They are a poison, shackles upon your self. They will never let you know peace.*
*Some things can never be taken back. Some things you need not burden yourself with.*
Option_5: You're right. It's time for me to rest.
Option_6: No, there are people waiting for me.
*Yes, my dear. That is how it should be.*
*Relax. I will sing to you a lullaby, and you shall rest in eternal sleep, undisturbed forevermore.*
*And yet, just as you fall into slumber, a powerful sensation assaults you——pain!*
*Ah, I see. I do admit they are all good children.*
*But did you ever consider that even without you, those kids will still be able to move forward? You are not responsible for them.*
*Your responsibilities. Your fate. Your desires. Your connection to them. Are they but a delusion of yours?*
*...Fine. Since you have already made your decision, I shall grant you a surprise. That's right, it is none other than the pain you love so much!*
*From every nook and cranny of your flesh, comes the sensation of extreme soreness.*
*What follows is a distant yet familiar voice.*
? ??: ...D-Doctor!
*Amiya? No, no. This voice is far more mature than Amiya's.*
? ??: Still sleeping after all this time, huh? Why do you do this to me?
*...Far more violent, too.*
*You feel several slaps on what seems to be your cheeks. It would appear they are willing to practice what they preach.*
? ??: That didn't do the trick... Hmm, what should I do? Since Amiya isn't here, guess I'll just give the Doctor a few rounds of the whirlwind.
? ??: Whirlwind? Is it fun? I want to play too!
*It seems they are preparing some extreme measures now. Also, the voice that just cut in carries a hint of innocence.*
*The problem? In this situation, the wonderful trait of innocence belies a sense of commitment.*
Option_1: No, I want to go back!
Option_2: Open my eyes
*Oh, woe. Some journeys cannot be undertaken by your will alone. You have already lost the chance to step out on this journey.*
*Fret not, however, for such chances remain plentiful. Now, let us open our eyes...*
Ceobe: Gavial, how do we play the whirlwind?
Gavial: What you want to do is grab the person's legs or hands, then start spinning in a circle.
Gavial: When you're ready, just let go.
Ceobe: It sounds really fun!  I want to try!
Gavial: Sure. I'll just catch the Doctor after... Oh?
Gavial: Doctor, you're finally awake.
Ceobe: Ah, it's the Doctor!
Gavial: Kay, don't tackle the Doctor like that. Crush those organs and that one won't stay with us for long.
Ceobe: Oh, sorry, Doctor!
Option_1: Are you both alright?
Option_2: ......
Option_3: Was that you who just slapped me?
Gavial: I'm fine. This isn't high enough to scare me.
Ceobe: I'm fine too!
Gavial: Uh oh. Don't tell me you tripped and lost your memory again, Doctor.
Option_4: I have amnesia.
Option_5: And who might you be, Ma'am?
Gavial: Don't forget, I'm a doctor too. The real, medical kind.
Gavial: But if you're cracking jokes, I guess you're good.
Gavial: Sure did.
Gavial: Anyway, Doctor, let me catch you up on what happened while you were napping.
Gavial: Short version is: we crashed.
Ceobe: We fell from a very high place!  Whooooosh——!  Kaboom!  Like that.
Option_1: Please elaborate.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: I want the whole story!
Gavial: Tch, fine. Basically, Doctor, you're bad luck. During the attack, something exploded by your seat and you slammed into the wall there and passed out.
Gavial: Don't worry, I took care of your wounds. Nothing major. Besides, you're healthier now than when you first showed up at Rhodes Island.  Nice work, Doctor.
Ceobe: Urk... Sorry, Doctor. I should have caught you, but the loud noises scared me...
Gavial: Can't blame you for that. To be honest, I never would have expected these bastards to have anti-air weapons.
Option_1: So you thought someone would attack us?
Gavial: Sure. Did I forget to tell you? My people love to fight, not that any of them could take me.
Option_1: What about the others?
Gavial: When we were going down, everybody else jumped early to stabilize our altitude.
Gavial: Ceobe and I jumped last, to stick with you.
Gavial: Oh, and Lancet-2 should still be on the aircraft.
Option_1: Where's the aircraft?
Gavial: I think it's that way. Should be just over the hill.
Option_1: Let's go check on it.
Gavial: Sure.
Gavial: See? The aircraft's right there.
Gavial: Oh? That's a lot of smoke. It's not in good shape.
Gavial: I guess it's still fixable, though.
Ceobe: Doctor, Gavial, there's people with the aircraft!
Gavial: Hm?  That's...
Lancet-2: Please do not approach me. Though I am responsible for protecting Rhodes Island property, I am just a medical tool... Nnng...
Archosauria A: Hey, I think this machine is talking.
Archosauria B: Yeah, not only did such an amazing machine fall from the sky, there's another machine that can talk inside it!
Archosauria C: Do you think there's a person inside?
Archosauria A: No idea. Why don't we bring it back? Leader's sure to like it.
Archosauria B: Sure, let's take it!
Lancet-2: Help!
Gavial: Stop right there!
Archosauria A: ...&% (Who's there? !)
Gavial: You got a death wish? Laying your grubby hands on our stuff.
Archosauria A: ...￥%%# (Who says it's your stuff? It fell from the sky! )
Archosauria B: @#%...& (Yeah, that's right! Finders keepers! )
Gavial: Keh, they have a point.
Option_1: Gavial, what're they saying?
Gavial: Hm?  Ah, right. I forgot you guys don't speak the language.
Gavial: We're in Sargon, but no one here speaks standard Sargonian.
Gavial: I'll translate anything anyone says to you.
Gavial: And for the rest, just use your intuition!
Archosauria A: ...&*# (What are you whispering about, you bastards! )
Gavial: I said: if this stuff is yours, I just have to beat you up and it'll all be mine!
Archosauria B: &&......!  @ (What?  This woman is so damned full of herself. Get her, boys! )
====================act12side_Dossoles Holiday.xlsx====================
Prelim MC: Well, if this isn't a shocker! Who could have known this would happen during the highly-anticipated scrimmage preliminaries?!
Prelim MC: Two non-participants who joined the fray out of nowhere ended up our final victors!
Prelim MC: Mr. Pancho, is something like this going to fly?!
Pancho: Ahem... Indeed, this rarely happens in our competitions, and, in principle, we prefer our contestants follow the competition's rules.
Prelim MC: It's very regrettable, then...
Pancho: However.
Pancho: It isn't so bad for something like this to happen once in a while.
Prelim MC: Right! Ahem, it's very regrettable, then! I am afraid we have bad news for our other contestants!
Lin Yühsia: Heh, looks like the MC's pretty good at thinking on the fly. He was about to say we were disqualified.
Ch'en: Maybe.
Ch'en: Looks like we barged into some competition venue.
Ch'en: If I remember correctly, this is the Smash Splash Preliminaries.
Prelim MC: But don't forget the whole point of the competitions is to bring joy to the people!
Prelim MC: Although the two of them did not go through the proper procedures to join our competition, thanks to their extraordinary skills and flawless teamwork, they survived until the very end!
Prelim MC: What a fantastic turn of events! Let us give these ladies a huge round of applause for their performance!
Lin Yühsia: He said our teamwork was flawless. Were we even working together?
Ch'en: I sure hope not.
*Sigh*... how did this happen?
Lin Yühsia: Dad, what's the story behind this invitation...?
Rat King: Another year, another letter, eh? That woman doesn't know when to give up.
Lin Yühsia: What woman? Give up on what?
Lin Yühsia: Is this something I should tell Mom?
Rat King: Settle down. It's one of the mayors from that commercial city alliance. Some ten years ago, Wei Yenwu was still in the mood to go visit himself. These days, they only talk to each other via Messenger.
Rat King: But she's not one to take no for an answer. She sends both of us invitation letters to go visit around this time every year.
Lin Yühsia: Commercial alliance... The one in Columbia?
Rat King: No, it's in Bolívar. You heard of it before. She's the mayor there.
Lin Yühsia: Dossoles... Candela Sanchez?
Lin Yühsia: I heard that place is a money sink... Are you not going?
Rat King: It's halfway across the world, and what would I do there? My arms and legs are too old for that kind of abuse.
Rat King: Besides, even if I were in the mood for a trip, it's meaningless if Wei Yenwu doesn't go.
Lin Yühsia: That's right. The one they want to butter up to is the Chief of Lungmen, Mr. Wei, and it's true that he doesn't have the luxury to take a trip now, given all the responsibilities on his shoulders.
Lin Yühsia: Please don't sell yourself short either, Dad. If you were to take a trip, we wouldn't have anyone look after the flowers at the shop, and the uncles would have one less person to play chess with.
Rat King: Seoi neoi. So that's how you compare me to Wei Yenwu.
Rat King: Our cities have a trade agreement. If Wei Yenwu had his heart set on going, he'd go. He's sick of Dossoles, and it's certainly not worth visiting.
Rat King: And if Wei Yenwu isn't going, then I'm not going either.
Lin Yühsia: Okay, I understand. I'll toss the invitation, then.
Rat King: Hm? A phone call from Lady Fumizuki?
Fumizuki: Mr. Lin, it's me.
Rat King: Lady Fumizuki, to what do I owe the pleasure?
Lin Yühsia: A phone call from Lady Fumizuki? I'll give you the room...
Fumizuki: Is that Yühsia? Ask her to stay. This has to do with her as well.
Rat King: Yühsia, stay.
Lin Yühsia: Alright.
Fumizuki: Mr. Lin, I'm sure you, too, received the invitation?
Rat King: As always. Is something the matter?
Fumizuki: Personally, I am quite fond of the idea of going on a holiday there, but you know how Yenwu is. You couldn't find a lazier person if you tried.
Rat King: Of course. But it seems you have a different idea?
Fumizuki: I would like Yühsia to visit the city in Yenwu's stead.
Rat King: That's...
Fumizuki: I will persuade Yenwu. You needn't worry.
Rat King: Absolutely, you are the boss, after all. But that's not what concerns me...
Rat King: I'll get to the point. It's far too soon for Yühsia to take on so much responsibility.
Lin Yühsia: Dad, what did Lady Fumizuki say?
Rat King: She wants you to go to Dossoles in Wei Yenwu's stead.
Lin Yühsia: I'll go.
Rat King: Yühsia.
Lin Yühsia: ......
Lin Yühsia: I am going.
Fumizuki: Mr. Lin?
Rat King: Fine, if my daughter wants to go on a trip, is it her father's place to say no?
Rat King: She can go.
Fumizuki: Very well. Yühsia, make sure to pack for a long trip.
Lin Yühsia: I will.
Rat King: Yühsia.
Lin Yühsia: I'll bring you some souvenirs, Dad.
*Sigh*... Nei go sei seoi neoi ah...
Rat King: Alright, then. It's settled. Get yourself ready for the trip. You will be away for some time. Have your mother help you pack.
Lin Yühsia: Alright.
Rat King: If this is what Lady Fumizuki wants, I am sure there is more to it than we know. A holiday... Does this have something to do with Ch'en?
Rat King: Whatever... No use thinking about it so much. It's not like she'd want to pull any strings to take advantage of Yühsia, what with how fond of the youngsters she is.
Rat King: That aside... *Sigh*.
Rat King: Looks like there's no keeping her home when she's all grown up.
Wei Yenwu: Fumizuki, did you arrange for Lin Yühsia's trip to Dossoles?
Fumizuki: I did.
Wei Yenwu: ......
Fumizuki: What's the problem? They invited us not because they had any actual business to discuss with you. It's just a vacation trip.
Wei Yenwu: You wanted to send Hui-chieh, didn't you?
Fumizuki: That's right. I was never trying to hide it from you, however.
Wei Yenwu: If Lin Yühsia is my representative there, Hui-chieh will get to take it easy and have as much fun as she wants, but...
Fumizuki: Ch'en is at Rhodes Island right now. Although I trust them, I have no way of knowing how she is doing there.
Fumizuki: Besides, I know our little Ch'en is in no position to represent you right now. Yühsia, on the other hand, always does a good job with everything. She is the perfect substitute.
Wei Yenwu: The Rat King's daughter won't necessarily become the Rat King herself.
Fumizuki: If that's what she wants, then give her a chance, and if she manages to seize the opportunity, it just shows how capable she is.
Fumizuki: Or will the venerable Chief Wei send all of Lungmen's forces after me, a frail lady, for overstepping my boundaries?
Wei Yenwu: You know I always listen to you when I make these decisions. It's just...
Wei Yenwu: You've met Candela. Hui-chieh and Yühsia are still far too young to handle her.
Fumizuki: For how often you call me a worrywart, it certainly seems like you are the biggest in the room.
Fumizuki: If it wasn't for your personality, perhaps you could've found yourself on better terms with our little Ch'en.
Wei Yenwu: We are not discussing this right now, Fumizuki.
*Sigh*, Dossoles is famous not only in Bolívar, but all across the world, and it is in no small part because of her. She is no ordinary woman.
Fumizuki: We've been there before. It's a city you could never have imagined in a thousand years.
Fumizuki: Given she built it singlehandedly, it's no wonder that you fear her, both as the Chief of Lungmen and from a personal standpoint.
Wei Yenwu: You agree with me, then...
Fumizuki: But you big shots are always so calculating, trying to get the upper hand over each other, and it's always the first thing that crosses your mind when meeting anyone.
Fumizuki: If I have to say, I saw it the moment I laid my eyes on Candela. She's the kind of person who's capable of many things. Bad things. But she definitely won't do anything that puts Ch'en and Yühsia in harm's way.
Fumizuki: You think she will be a bad example for the children, but I think there's no better place to send them.
Wei Yenwu: ......
Fumizuki: If you are so worried, Yühsia most likely hasn't left for Dossoles yet, and I haven't sent the letter out to Ch'en either. There is still time.
Wei Yenwu: ...
Wei Yenwu: Fine, we'll do as you say.
Ch'en: Hm, I spotted a few Rhodes Islanders just now, I think...? Don't tell me they came to Siesta too...
Ch'en: Guess I'll go find out in a minute.
Ch'en: Who is it?
Shirayuki: Miss Ch'en, sorry to interrupt your vacation.
Ch'en: Shirayuki? What are you doing here?
Shirayuki: I have a letter for you from the Princess. It's of the utmost importance.
Ch'en: Did something happen in Lungmen?!
Shirayuki: Not at all. Please, read the letter.
Ch'en: Where is it...?
Shirayuki: Here.
Ch'en: There's an invitation inside...? I'll start with the letter.
*Dear Ch'en, It's been a long while. Are you doing well at Rhodes Island? Have you been eating right and getting enough rest?*
Ch'en: She's always such a worrywart.
*Here's the thing. I am sure you have already found attached with the letter an invitation. It was sent to us by the mayor of a Bolívarian city. Alas, we don't have the time to make this visit ourselves, so after I discussed this with Yenwu, we would like you to visit the city in our place.*
Ch'en: ......
*The city is named Dossoles; you might have heard of it. There is a large artificial lake there and many entertainment facilities. It's a great place for a holiday. I am sure the fatigue must be adding up with how Rhodes Island is sending you everywhere. You should take this chance to get some rest. I will talk to Rhodes Island, so you needn't worry. From, Wei Fumizuki*
Ch'en: But... I'm on a holiday right now.
Shirayuki: It would seem the princess isn't aware of this.
Ch'en: Right. Still, Dossoles, huh...? Shirayuki, do you know how far away that is?
Shirayuki: The city is in northwestern Bolívar. If you leave now, it will take roughly fifteen days.
Ch'en: There's no date on the invitation. Looks like any time will do for them...
Shirayuki: Will you accept, Miss Ch'en?
Ch'en: How could I say no to her kindness? All I have to do is take my holiday elsewhere.
Shirayuki: I, Shirayuki, will pass on your thanks to Lady Fumizuki, Miss Ch'en.
Ch'en: I've told you this more times than I can count, Shirayuki. We're both operators. Stop it with the 'Miss.'
Shirayuki: And my answer will remain the same, Miss. You will always be Miss Ch'en to me.
Ch'en: Eh, whatever.
Ch'en: Are you coming?
Shirayuki: No, I'm afraid I have other matters I must attend to. My apologies.
Ch'en: Alright, looks like it's a solo trip for me again.
Shirayuki: On another note, it seems that the Doctor and a few other operators have come to this city after completing their mission. If you would like, perhaps you should meet with them before you depart.
Ch'en: Hm? So I guess my eyes didn't deceive me.
Ch'en: Well, I'll pass. I'll see them when I'm back at Rhodes Island.
Shirayuki: Indeed. Now...
Ch'en: Not so fast, Shirayuki. You have the time to at least stay the evening, don't you? Have dinner with me tonight. We'll head out together tomorrow morning.
Shirayuki: As you wish, Miss.
Ch'en: Finally. So this is Dossoles...
Ch'en: It's just like they say. Stepping into the city is enough to make you forget you're in Bolívar.
Ch'en: In any case, I should first...
Bodyguard: Excuse me, but are you Miss Ch'en Hui-chieh?
Ch'en: That's me, and you would be...?
Bodyguard: The mayor instructed me to await your arrival here.
Ch'en: I'm only here for a holiday. Let's not go through all that trouble.
Bodyguard: No, the mayor specifically instructed us to contact her as soon as you arrive. Please give me just a moment.
Bodyguard: This is Control Point No. 2. We have successfully intercepted Miss Ch'en Hui-chieh.
Bodyguard: Yes... Okay, understood.
Bodyguard: Please come with us. The mayor would like to meet with you.
*Sigh*, fine.
Bodyguard: Please go on in, Miss Ch'en.
Ch'en: ...
???: Miss Ch'en Hui-chieh, looks like you made it here first.
???: I've long heard that the L.G.D. Special Inspection Unit Chief is a young lady of extraordinary talent. Meeting you in person has only proven that those are no mere rumors.
Ch'en: You... must be the mayor, Lady Sanchez?
Candela: Yes, that's right. I am Candela Sancheze, the mayor of Dossoles.
Ch'en: You speak Yanese pretty well.
Candela: I've always wanted to cozy up to Mr. Wei, but he hasn't been back since ten years ago. I haven't had much use for my Yanese, even after all the time I spent learning it.
Ch'en: Lady Sanchez, I'm just here on vacation. I am not representing anyone.
Candela: Please, call me Candela. You may even call me Auntie, if you want. After all, it's long been my wish to become Chief Wei's sworn sister.
Ch'en: I will pass, Lady San... Candela.
Candela: Hahaha...
Candela: The way you talk, and the way you frown. My, my, you look just like he did when he was still young.
Candela: But I have to say, he was much more heroic than you are now.
Ch'en: I'm not much related to Chief Wei...
Candela: Don't worry. I understand.
Candela: You have nothing to worry about, my lovely niece. Lady Fumizuki has already told me that you won't be representing anyone, and you will have no burdens on your shoulders.
Candela: Have some fun. As long as I'm here, there is nothing that can hurt you in this city.
Ch'en: Thank you for your kindness, then.
Ch'en: You said I made it here first. Is someone else coming?
Candela: Right! Wouldn't you say it's a coincidence? She's coming from Lungmen, while you came here from Siesta, and both of you are arriving on the same day.
Ch'en: Who?
Candela: Hmm?
Candela: Oh, looks like Lady Fumizuki's hiding something from you, even though you are bound to find out.
Candela: Ch'en, my lovely niece, I'm sure you already know, but there are certain formalities that Chief Wei and I must follow given our position, even if we'd rather not.
Candela: I actually wouldn't have minded if Chief Wei had sent just any old lout off the street... Well, I guess maybe he'd still have to put a little thought into it. Someone like you, perhaps? I would honor them with the same hospitality as I am showing you now.
Candela: And why does it matter? I invited the Weis and the Rat King here for a holiday.
Candela: But he knows that will not do, and so do I.
Candela: He is free to not come, but he must send someone of status. Or it would be tantamount to the Chief of Lungmen disrespecting the Mayor of Dossoles.
Candela: You would've seen countless headlines in the newspapers of both cities, and way too many things would get unnecessarily problematic.
Ch'en: So what you are saying is Chief Wei sent someone of sufficient status to represent him.
Candela: That's right.
Ch'en: Is it Hoshiguma? No, maybe Swire...?
Candela: Wrong on both counts.
Ch'en: Then...
Bodyguard: Ma'am, she's here.
Candela: There's your answer.
Lin Yühsia: Lady Candela Sanchez, esteemed mayor of Dossoles, on behalf of the Chief of Lungmen Wei...
Ch'en: Lin Yühsia?!
Lin Yühsia: Ch'en Hui-chieh?!
Ch'en & Lin Yühsia: What are you doing here?!
Lin Yühsia: Oh... I get it. No wonder Lady Fumizuki sent me.
Ch'en: So you're Wei Yenwu's representative.
Candela: Looks like you two are acquainted. That's wonderful.
Ch'en: We used to be classmates. That's it.
Lin Yühsia: She's a friend of a friend. We barely know each other.
Candela: In that case, wouldn't this be the perfect opportunity for you to reconnect?
Candela: Anyway, Lin, my dear niece.
Candela: Just like my niece Ch'en here, you may call me by my given name. No need to be so formal.
Candela: Even though you're here to represent Chief Wei, you don't need to think too much about such things. No burdens on your shoulders.
Candela: All you need to do is enjoy this city I'm so proud of.
Lin Yühsia: Understood...
Candela: Oh, and two more things.
Lin Yühsia: Please, by all means.
Candela: First, I heard that both of you are very bright and can more than hold your own in a fight, that you girls are capable of great things.
Candela: So I have an extra fun activity prepared just for you two, my beautiful nieces.
Ch'en: Activity?
Candela: Before I explain, do you know anything about our city's biggest event of this time?
Ch'en: The championship that's going on right now?
Candela: That's right.
Candela: Dossoles's greatest feature, and indeed what it is known for all across the world, is the 'ocean' that surrounds us, and this ship sailing its waters.
Candela: It's a piece of renovated Iberian technology. It took much blood, sweat and tears to complete. It's one of my finest masterpieces.
Lin Yühsia: Including the statue on the ship's bow?
Candela: Hahaha, that's just my own little addition.
Candela: As for the water of this 'sea,' it's all sourced from the actual, vast ocean to the north.
Candela: The water gets dirty and starts to stink after a while, so we replace the ocean water at least twice a year.
Candela: And this season is when most of us here head to the beach. That's why we have the water replaced around this time.
Candela: Changing the water is in itself a mundane process. Not only that, but we even have to take away a day of fun from our esteemed guests.
Candela: Nonetheless, I don't want to have our guests play in any filthy seawater either. It would be an insult to Dossoles's fame.
Candela: And that's how the Dossoles Warrior Champion came to be.
Candela: This is a variety competition event that takes place all across the city, and it is entirely sponsored by me, at my expense.
Candela: I will have someone give you a more detailed explanation later if you would like to know more.
Candela: What you need to know is that the competition's victor will get to press the button that starts the water changing process. It's an honor that's unique to this city alone.
Lin Yühsia: So you turned something that used to be trouble into a huge event...
Candela: Hahaha, that's exactly right.
Candela: To tell the truth, I'm very happy that the two of you made it before the competition began.
Candela: I heard you were vacationing in Siesta before you left for our city, Ch'en?
Ch'en: Yes.
Candela: What do you think of the music festival there?
Ch'en: I don't know much about music, but it was pretty lively.
Candela: Haha, I've met their mayor as well. You could say he, too, is trying his best for his city.
Candela: Sadly, he doesn't have what it takes to be the master of a city.
Candela: Besides, a music festival is nothing compared to my championship! Hahaha!
Candela: It looks like you two can handle yourself in a competition. If you're interested, perhaps you would consider joining the fray.
Candela: Oh, but if I'm not mistaken, the prelims will be over soon. If you are throwing your hat in the ring, don't wait much longer.
Candela: If the two of you win together as a team, not only will you brighten Chief Wei's day, you will also get a special present from me.
Lin Yühsia: I'm not sure about teaming up, but we will give it some thought.
Ch'en: Now what was that extra activity you mentioned?
Candela: Oh, look at how forgetful I am. This fun activity has to do with the championship.
Candela: Sometime last week, my men busted an explosives and universal Originium circuits smuggling scheme.
Candela: I let a lot of things happen within my borders, but that isn't one of them. You should keep this in mind, too.
Ch'en: I don't think we'll need any.
Candela: Hahaha, of course. Just joking.
Candela: Normally, there would be nothing remotely fun about weapon smuggling, though, as you know, the championship is right around the corner.
Ch'en: So you don't have enough manpower? Looks like they picked an interesting time to try to smuggle weapons into the city...
Lin Yühsia: They are probably trying to pull something funny at the competition. I suggest we start with any gray areas.
Candela: Very good. Looks like I made the right decision to prepare this little activity for you two. It's wonderful that you're already interested.
Candela: Anyway, if you feel you aren't having as much fun as you'd like at any point during your stay here, you could try your hand at the investigation. For fun.
Ch'en: Investigating this... for fun?
Candela: Right, and especially for you, Ch'en. I know you love solving a good case.
Ch'en: Are you not concerned that your city is under threat?
Candela: Concerned? Ch'en, my girl, you don't understand.
Candela: As long as I'm here, no one can threaten this city.
Candela: You are free to forget all about this mission and enjoy your vacation, or join in the competitions.
Candela: And even if it leads to any problems down the line, you won't be the ones to blame.
Candela: It's just like I said. This is a fun little activity that I prepared specifically for the two of you for your vacation.
Ch'en: ......
Lin Yühsia: Right, we understand.
Candela: Okay, and here's the other thing.
Candela: I would love to personally show you around Dossoles and tell you about each of the spectacles I personally erected here...
Candela: But since Chief Wei didn't come himself, then it also wouldn't be appropriate for me to accompany you two.
Candela: So, I assigned you a guide.
Candela: Ernesto, come in.
Ernesto: Lady Candela.
Candela: This is one of my sharpest diplomats, Ernesto.
Ernesto: Pleasure to meet you, señoritas.
Candela: He speaks Yanese too, but most people here speak Victorian and Leithanian. He can translate for you.
Ch'en: No need. I speak both.
Lin Yühsia: Same here...
Candela: Oh, wonderful.
Candela: In that case, if you run into anything you need help with, such as the specifics of the championship, then he is the person to ask. Right, Ernesto?
Ernesto: Yes, of course.
Lin Yühsia: Alright.
Ch'en: Thank you.
Candela: Of course, if you find yourself annoyed by an idiot like him, you are free to come to me with any questions directly, hahaha.
Candela: Okay, I still have other guests to meet, so please excuse me. I will leave the rest to the youth.
Lin Yühsia: Thank you very much for your time, Lady Candela.
Ch'en: ......
Lin Yühsia: ......
Ernesto: Pleased to make your acquaintance, lovely ladies. I am the International Trade Management Department's deputy director, Ernesto Salas.
Ernesto: Please just call me Ernesto.
Ernesto: I welcome you two to our city.
Ernesto: If there is anything you would like to know about the city or there is anywhere you would like to visit, please feel free to ask.
Ernesto: My mission from Lady Candela is to make sure that you feel at home.
Ch'en: Please, don't trouble yourself.
Lin Yühsia: I'm good. Thank you.
Ernesto: Haha. Well, first things first, your phones have already been readjusted to connect to our intercity net. You are free to make calls or look up cute videos.
Ernesto: Here's how you can get in touch with me or Lady Candela directly.
Ernesto: And here are the credit cards that the mayor has prepared for you.
Ernesto: All your transactions within the city may be paid using this card, and there is no credit limit. All your expenses will be paid by the government.
Ernesto: You can go on the shopping spree of a lifetime if you'd like.
Ch'en: We don't need all this.
Ernesto: This is the way the city treats its guests. Please, just accept them.
Ernesto: Aside from that... It looks like you have some catching up to do, so I will intrude no longer.
Ernesto: We will be heading to your hotel next. I will wait for you downstairs. Come look for me as soon as you're ready.
Lin Yühsia: Okay...
Ch'en: ......
Lin Yühsia: ......
Lin Yühsia: Long time no see, Ch'en Hui-chieh.
Ch'en: Long time no see, Lin Yühsia.
Lin Yühsia: How long has it been since we last met?
Ch'en: Don't remember. Swire's birthday two years ago?
Lin Yühsia: I wasn't there.
Ch'en: I see. Guess I'm mistaken.
Lin Yühsia: The class reunion the year before, perhaps?
Ch'en: Oh, right.
Lin Yühsia: You look like you're doing well. Lady Fumizuki will be glad.
Ch'en: Maybe.
Ch'en: How is Swire holding up?
Lin Yühsia: You haven't heard from Hoshiguma?
Lin Yühsia: She's more or less the representative there now, and she's pretty good at it. It shouldn't be much longer before she formally takes over your job.
Ch'en: That's good. She's actually pretty capable of the responsibilities that come with the job, if she works on her temperament a little.
Lin Yühsia: That's going to be difficult. She wouldn't be Swire if she knew how to mellow out.
Ch'en: You're right.
Ch'en: ......
Lin Yühsia: ......
Ch'en: I have a question.
Lin Yühsia: Go ahead.
Ch'en: Why did you help him?
Lin Yühsia: ......
Ernesto: Excuse me, but we will be docking in a moment. I am wondering if you would like to get off the boat or stay on board for a little longer.
Ernesto: If you two are still talking, I can also arrange a room for you...
Ernesto: I guess I came at the wrong moment?
Lin Yühsia: No, you came at just the right moment.
Lin Yühsia: Take us to the hotel, please.
Ernesto: Oh, of course.
Ch'en: ......
Ernesto: Miss Ch'en?
Ch'en: Let's go.
====================act13d0_Rewinding Breeze.xlsx====================
*7:10 A.M. \ Clear*
*Kazdel exurbs*
Surtr: This is the mission location?
Meteorite: Judging by the image, this should be the place. The nomadic hamlet Bellony Village.
Meteorite: Though I think you could just call the entire village an oversized minecart instead.
Meteorite: It's a mining town that carries around its own Originium-powered drills to keep itself going. The people bring in some revenue just selling the excess resources to nearby cities.
Meteorite: If they find any big ruins, they even ask the larger nomadic cities to front the excavation costs.
Surtr: Maybe, but this place still looks pretty rough.
Surtr: There is dust everywhere and the fences are all run-down. There are obvious signs of habitation, but no one cares to do maintenance?
Surtr: I don't see anything worth investigating.
Meteorite: Most of Terra isn't very interesting, but the people living in these uninteresting places still have their own unique lifestyles.
Scrawny Kid: Wait, give that back!
Mischievous Kid: What?! You said you'd share your ice cream!
Scrawny Kid: Stop running! You're gonna squish it before we get home!
Scrawny Kid: Idiot, give that back!
Mischievous Kid: No way! I'm faster than you anyway. I'll be the one to bring it back to Dad!
Scrawny Kid: Wait up!
Meteorite: There are many who struggle to survive in such terrible environments, but that doesn't mean they're unhappy.
Surtr: They chase after one another for a mere ice-cream without regard to the commotion they are causing. To think they will be the same when they grow up...
Surtr: You call this happiness?
Meteorite: Are you angry?
Surtr: Why would some inconsiderate kids running around, kicking up dust anger me?
Meteorite: (She's totally angry. )
Village Headman: Sorry. Are you the operators from Rhodes Island?
Village Headman: Real sorry to keep you waiting.
Meteorite: Yes, we are. Nice to meet you, are you the local liaison?
Village Headman: Ah, yeah, that's right. I'm the leader of Bellony Village. Come with me. No need to stand around out here, let's go in. This way.
Meteorite: Thank you.
*Before the mission*
*Rhodes Island Command Center*
Kal'tsit: Bellony Village is a typical mining community located at the edge of Kazdel. A cave-in a few months ago completely sealed off the mines.
Kal'tsit: Not only were the mines ruined, the village's travel route and trading channels were also blocked.
Kal'tsit: For the past few months, the village has been requesting aid from nearby nomadic cities, but there has not yet been any city willing to help.
Kal'tsit: Meteorite, I would like you to carry out preliminary investigations and report on the situation.
Kal'tsit: We will organize a rescue mission based on that report.
Meteorite: Understood. This doesn't sound like a particularly tough mission.
Kal'tsit: The village's problems don't appear to be related to Catastrophes or Oripathy, but don't let your guard down.
Meteorite: Roger that. But...
Surtr: ......
Meteorite: Is Surtr going too? I don't think I'll need much help.
Surtr: There is something I want to investigate in that area.
Kal'tsit: Surtr asked to go along for personal reasons. We've approved her request.
Surtr: I won't be a burden to you, just pay me no mind.
Meteorite: ......
Village Headman: We're a small village. Just wait here for a moment, I'll go and grab some tools first.
Meteorite: Oh, we have some basic prospecting tools with us.
Village Headman: No good, the mine entrance at the edge of the village has been sealed off with our own special tools.
Village Headman: Without these unlocking tools, it can't be opened. Our village is pretty good at excavation, if I do say so myself.
Surtr: Even with all that experience, you still got yourselves stuck here.
Village Headman: Hahaha, that's true.
Meteorite: Aah! Please forgive her, she doesn't mean it. Hey, don't be rude!
Village Headman: No, we are really ashamed that for all our experience excavating, we still couldn't stop a major cave-in.
Village Headman: Part of the drill sunk into the collapsed area, so it's not safe to send anyone else over there.
Village Headman: Even with Rhodes Island's help, we're going to put some new precautions in place.
Village Headman: Just rest here a minute, I'll get the stuff.
Meteorite: Alright, please do.
Meteorite: ......
Surtr: ......
Meteorite: You know, you could stand to be a little more polite.
Surtr: I'm just stating facts.
Meteorite: Ah... Err...
Meteorite: (This is so awkward. )
Meteorite: (I've heard Surtr is tough to get along with, but I thought we'd at least have something to talk about. )
Surtr: ......(Recording)
Meteorite: Are you taking notes for a status report?
Surtr: No.
Meteorite: So...?
Surtr: ......
Meteorite: ............
Surtr: You don't know? I thought my file was public.
Meteorite: I did read it, but...
*Surtr. The file mentioned her.*
*Due to a memory impairment of unknown origins, she has difficulty reconciling her memories.*
*It is as if there is a large volume of memories existing simultaneously in her mind. The volume is such that Surtr is unable to properly recognize which of her memories are real and which are false.*
*And so she has been seeking out the places in her memories one by one.*
Meteorite: The 'personal reasons' Dr. Kal'tsit mentioned are some places around here you remember?
Surtr: When Dr. Kal'tsit was telling me about this area, I felt a sense of familiarity.
Surtr: And I felt some deja vu when looking at photographs and records.
Meteorite: Now that you're here at the village, do you recall anything?
Surtr: Nothing at all. When walking through the village, I saw the passing children and the run-down houses. They are similar to the images in my memory, yet completely different.
Surtr: I do not know why.
Meteorite: Have you checked every spot in the village?
Surtr: At a quick glance, I haven't missed anything.
Meteorite: How about we ask the villagers later? Maybe the village you remember is from a while ago?  It could've been rebuilt.
Surtr: ...Perhaps.
*The smell of dried plants in the air is no different from my memories.*
*When I close my eyes, it is as if I am on familiar streets.*
*The footsteps of children running by are like the sounds of friends chasing one another in my memories.*
*Yet when I open my eyes, I see nothing but an unfamiliar landscape.*
Meteorite: Dr. Kal'tsit sent me on this mission, so let me help you investigate.
Meteorite: We'll look for clues in the village together after we're done with the mine collapse thing.
Surtr: No need, I can handle it myself.
Meteorite: ......
Surtr: ......
Meteorite: ...I understand how it feels to have no past, or a place to call home.
Surtr: ......
Meteorite: As Sarkaz, without a Sarkaz home, I'm always fighting, together with the others, pressing on.
Surtr: My situation is different.
Meteorite: Maybe it's different, maybe it's the same?
Meteorite: Maybe we're all just looking for a place to belong in the end.
Meteorite: But, as you look towards the unknown future, you can't ignore what's right beside you.
Meteorite: That's what Amiya taught me.
Surtr: ......
Village Headman: Sorry for the wait, let's set out now!
Village Headman: I'm all ready!
Meteorite: Anyway, let's complete our mission first.
Meteorite: So this is it...
Village Headman: Yep, this is the cave-in. Watch your step.
Village Headman: The excavation site is over there. The cave-in caused the surrounding area to sink downwards, so this entire area had to be sealed off.
Village Headman: This cave used to be the entrance to a tunnel that connects to the neighboring village. Now that it's sealed, we can't trade with our neighbors.
Surtr: ......!
Meteorite: Surtr?
Surtr: I think I remember this path.
Meteorite: Sir, what's the relationship between this village and the neighboring one?
Village Headman: It's a mining village just like ours. Since the nearby villages are all in the same business, we deal with each other a lot.
Village Headman: Some villagers even move back and forth between the communities.
Village Headman: But the cave-in blocked off our only means of communication. They've probably already moved on to keep mining.
*The course of this path, the direction...*
*It's getting more familiar.*
*I used to pass through this place often.*
*The familiar figures of children run past me and disappear among the piles of rocks up ahead.*
Village Headman: You want to go to another village?
Village Headman: If we got the path open, we could contact them pretty quickly.
Meteorite: That would be great... Surtr?
Surtr: I'm not willing to wait that long.
Meteorite: Huh?
Village Headman: What?
Surtr: Move aside!
Meteorite: Surtr, wait! I know you're eager for answers, but the mine isn't safe right now!
Meteorite: Think for a minute before you put yourself in danger!
Surtr: Meteorite, just wait for me outside and guard the entrance!
Village Headman: The girl! She actually smashed through the rubble and rushed in! ?
Meteorite: Hey, wait!
Village Headman: Stop! Don't you go in there too!
Village Headman: You're risking another cave-in!
Meteorite: Damn it!! Surtr!
*Deep within the mine, the traces of heavy machinery are obvious.*
*The path snakes ahead, as if guiding Surtr forward.*
Surtr: So this is the path to that other village.
Surtr: It's just an Originium Slug nest now.
Surtr: It looks like they took over the empty space in the past few months.
Surtr: Troublesome.
Surtr: Hm...
*Children holding hands walk along the path.*
*Passing by the countless traces of Originium Slugs.*
*Disappearing into the darkness ahead.*
Surtr: Huh?
Meteorite: An explosion!
Village Headman: Another cave-in!?
Village Headman: That girl is in danger! What do we do! ?
*The streets in my memories were filled with the rich aroma of the earth, not the scent of dried plants.*
*The companions in my memories would not chase after one another, ice-cream in hand.*
*The buildings looked the same, yet were completely different.*
*It was not just minor differences in the design. Even the materials and structures were completely different.*
Surtr: Ah, I'm hurt. Ouch. My palm's scratched.
Surtr: Never thought there would be a day I got distracted enough to get ambushed by Originium Slugs.
Surtr: Tch.
Surtr: This... this is...
Surtr: There's another empty space beneath the mining pit?
*(Rustle rustle). It's the sound of Originium Slugs.*
*(Rustle rustle).*
*(Rustle rustle).*
Surtr: The ruins of a city in a giant cavern...?
*Surtr enters the cavern deep beneath the earth.*
*Beside the glow of Originium Slugs, she can trace the outlines of buildings among the piles of stone and rubble.*
*Tiles of a road, bricks of a wall.*
*It is very clear that the entire place has been buried for a very long time.*
*Dozens of years? Hundreds of years?*
*Surtr does not know either. Yet, she has found that which she is looking for.*
Meteorite: Here!
Meteorite: ! !
Meteorite: Surtr!
Surtr: Ah, thanks for pinpointing the location. I was able to break the rock layer at the correct spot.
Meteorite: What were you thinking?! Why would you rush into such a dangerous place all by yourself?!
Surtr: I was doing a little thing called 'investigating'.
Surtr: Incidentally, I discovered the cause of the cave-ins. There was a nest of Originium Slugs below the mine, inside a giant cavern.
Surtr: The mining put more pressure on the bottom, so the whole thing just collapsed.
Surtr: I destroyed the Originium Slug nest and used the cave-in to seal up the entire cavern. Done.
Surtr: Though we skipped over the standard procedures, the issue was resolved.
Village Headman: What!
Meteorite: Huh?
Meteorite: So, you solved the whole problem by yourself, but you didn't find the path to the neighboring village?
Surtr: Right, I realized that neither village was the one in my memory.
Surtr: I made a mistake. There aren't any memories I'm looking for here.
Meteorite: You'd mess up something you recorded so diligently all this while?
Surtr: I suppose I would.
Meteorite: I've seen something like this before.
Meteorite: You run into all sorts of problems on the way to your goal.
Meteorite: It's thanks to the people beside me that I've made it this far.
Surtr: I'm used to it.
Surtr: After all, this isn't the first time there was a discrepancy in the places I remember.
Meteorite: But even if you didn't find the right place today, you still have a place to call home, right?
Surtr: Are you trying to say I can rely on you too?
Meteorite: Um, I guess you could put it that way...
Village Headman: Ladies! I've notified the others in the village!
Village Headman: The exploration team is getting ready! It sounds like you've taken care of things and we can get back to mining.
Meteorite: Please wait for us to bring our data back to Rhodes Island before you go back in there.
Meteorite: We wouldn't want any more accidents.
Village Headman: Hahaha, that's fine. Everyone's too excited. I really have to thank you both.
Village Headman: If you don't mind, why don't you spend the night in the village?
Village Headman: You'll be our guests of honor!
Meteorite: Well...
Surtr: We have to hurry back, so I'm afraid we'll pass.
Surtr: But...
Surtr: Could I have an ice-cream?
====================act13d5_Maria Nearl.xlsx====================
*4:12 P.M. \ Clear*
*Central Kazimierz, Kawalerielki Alliance, 'The Grand Knight Territory' Kawalerielki*
*At the scene of a certain unsightly car accident*
Old Knight: Oh... We still gonna make it to tonight's party?
Old Craftsman: It'll be your fault if we don't, V.
Old Knight: My fault? Hah! My damned fault?
Old Knight: It's you and that goddamned box of yours, all thirty kilos of it! You think you aren't heavy enough, huh?
Old Craftsman: These are tools for fixing Marcin's stuff! That's your excuse for crashing into a tree?
Old Knight: Do not question my sense of direction!
Old Craftsman: I'm saying that your vision ain't as good as it used to be...
Old Knight: Did you forget how I won that darts competition at the bar last week? My eyesight's great as ever! You must be blind.
Old Craftsman: I'm not blind, which is why I clearly told you earlier 'watch out for that tree.'
Old Knight: Why don't I remember that?
Old Craftsman: Because the radio was too loud!
Old Knight: Well, who put Monster Siren's new disc in?
Old Craftsman: ...Just shut up and let the lass focus.
Maria: Wow... This car is totally wrecked...
Old Craftsman: It's all V's fault.
Old Knight: I... You... Maria, don't listen to his bullshit. This is absolutely not my fault!
Maria: Alright, alright! Just let me work, sheesh——!
Old Craftsman: Hear that? You're disturbing the young lass, just keep quiet.
Old Knight: You!
Maria: Circuit's OK, but the engine is unresponsive. Hmm, this design is something from two generations ago? Do you start it like this...?
Maria: Still no response from the engine. What if I use some Arts to start it...?
Maria: ...Like so?
Old Craftsman: Mhmm, seeing the young lass use Arts like this always reminds me of her grandfather.
Old Knight: That's right! Just look at Maria! Why don't you know even a lick of Originium Arts?
Old Craftsman: Who says I don't know how to repair Originium devices?!
Old Knight: I'm talking about——
Old Craftsman: Maria! Move aside! I'm going to make this old geezer eat his words!
Maria: Ahaha...please don't argue, you two...
Maria: Oh! There's a reaction!
Maria: Like this... and that...
Old Knight: Oho! The engine's alive? This blessed sound of a rumbling engine!
Old Knight: Little Maria's really getting better day by day. I suppose it's just about time for a certain old fogey to retire too, eh?
Maria: Hehe, it's nothing like that. It's all thanks to Master Kowal's teachings.
Old Craftsman: Hear that? Hear that? Did——you——hear——that?!
Old Knight: Tch. Stop blathering and get in the car.
Old Craftsman: Lass, where are you headed to? Want us to give you a ride?
Maria: Me?
Maria: I... I have other business.
Old Knight: Alright then. Hold on tight, Kowal. I must have the first pick of the wine tonight!
Old Craftsman: Of course——Wait, doesn't the engine sound weird——
Old Knight: Off we go!
Old Craftsman: Why are you driving so fast?!
Old Knight: I'd've gone even faster in my youth, you know! Also, I haven't hit the accelerator yet!
Old Craftsman: Huh? Wait, we're at 70mph now, slow——slow down! Hey, it's 80mph now! We're over the speed limit! We're over it!
Old Knight: Can't slow down! Told you, I'm not accelerating!
Old Craftsman: Then——! Slam the damned brakes!
Maria: Ah... Ahaha... Looks like the Originium engine got overloaded...
Maria: I messed up again, ehe.
Greatmouth Mob: Welcome, one and all!——Here in Kazimierz, you can enjoy unique dishes and enchanting sceneries, giving you a taste of the distinctive local culture——
Greatmouth Mob: But who cares about all that! Here and now, the only thing anyone cares about is the Kazimierz Major!
Greatmouth Mob: I am Mob, Greatmouth Mob! And I'm honored to be commentating on today's match!
Greatmouth Mob: Within this Roar Arena in the Kawalerielki Central Division, the knights' glory will be put upon display once more!
Greatmouth Mob: Today's match is fully sponsored by the Roar Guards Company, as usual. The top ten competitors in the daily points rankings will each receive one limited edition weapon 'Rioter' provided by the Roar Guards!
Plastic Knight: That fancy toy will be impossible to sell... *sigh*, I'll be damned if I can find a buyer.
Plastic Knight: Nevermind, it's from my paymaster after all... hmm?
Greatmouth Mob: Competition knights hailing from Kazimierz——no, from all over Terra! The corporations from the Kazimierz General Chamber of Commerce will all be paying close attention to today's independent knight competitions!
Greatmouth Mob: Will you take the lead in the sprint races, or hit the bullseye in the shooting competition? No matter what you compete in, you will all have a chance to gain the favor of the directors!
Greatmouth Mob: Of course! There's also the highly anticipated one on one mixed sports! The one with the highest points, the greatest exposure! Any match in this category could get the attention of a Knightclub and catapult you to success!
Greatmouth Mob: Want to join the Kazimierz Major? Want to stand atop the glorious knights? Right now, the tickets are in the hands of the participating knights!
Greatmouth Mob: Defeat your opponents, earn endless glory and rejoice!
??? : Phew...
??? : Deep breaths, deep breaths...
Greatmouth Mob: Without further ado, let's begin the first match of the day——
Greatmouth Mob: Wait... wait! This participant... She's not just any old farmgirl!
Greatmouth Mob: That's right! I'm saying that the first match today will be the hottest news on the Kazimierz sports pages for weeks to come!
Greatmouth Mob: The reason? This competitor joining us for the first time has a very special 'name'! She may look like a cute girl, but she comes from a very famous family!
Greatmouth Mob: If you know your competition knights——No, just about any loyal customer of Kazimierz would know this name!
Tourist: Can you get to the point! Show us the new girl already!
Tourist: That's right!
Plastic Knight: Hey, let me see the match card for the day.
Corporate Employee: Yes, Sir Szewczyk.
Plastic Knight: These are all familiar faces, hmm... Wait, this last one at the bottom?
Corporate Employee: Yes... The preliminaries have been going on for half a month, but it's unusual to see independent knights who've just begun accumulating points, so we...
Plastic Knight: This surname——It's the Radiant Knight's——?
Greatmouth Mob: Without further ado, let us welcome the first participant of today's matches——
Greatmouth Mob: ——Maria Nearl!
====================act13side_Near Light.xlsx====================
*'The city is a man-eating behemoth, but still we must dwell in its bowels gratefully.'*
*'We wait until life digests us, until our flesh and bones are excreted, so that whatever remains may become nutrients to feed the city as it lurches onwards.'*
*'That is the flourishing of civilization.'*
Greatmouth Mob: Welcome to the Kazimierz National Arena! Welcome... to the Kazimierz Major! I am none other than your old friend –– Greatmouth Mob!
Greatmouth Mob: After a long qualifying stage, this is the moment all of Kazimierz has long been waiting for –– the first match of the Kazimierz Major starts today!
Greatmouth Mob: Dueling, jousting, and assorted miscellany! Three categories, eight major events, forty-three minor events! Countless knights and knightclubs will take their share of gold and glory!
An Audience Knight: How did Mob end up as the MC? Think he greased some palms behind the scenes?
A Popcorn-Clutching Knight: Like he bribed his way in? How much do you think something like that would cost?
An Audience Knight: Mob's never been the type to keep his mouth shut. What if he let something slip, right here on the big stage?
A Popcorn-Clutching Knight: Hah. You hear about that loudmouth, the Bearded Cage? Heard he 'badmouthed' a pretty big deal of a knight during the Major...
A Popcorn-Clutching Knight: ...and that was the last anyone saw of 'im. Want some popcorn?
An Audience Knight: Pssht. Probably just took the fall and resigned. A by-the-book trick.
*munch* I shed... dish-appeared... *munch*... not resigned. You get it?
An Audience Knight: Huh... No shittin'?
Greatmouth Mob: Today's Major features eight big knightclubs, sixty-four of the normal ones, and two unaffiliated, independent knights!
Greatmouth Mob: The Kazimierz Major is a showcase of the beauty and majesty of our knights for all of Terra to enjoy!
Greatmouth Mob: Our first match will pit the Bladehelm Knightclub against the Cloudhaze Knightclub! How many points will the ten knights from each side take home to their clubs?!
Greatmouth Mob: A big prize pool is getting bigger as I speak! A portion of everything you spend at this arena will be added to the tournament prize for the knights to fight over!
Greatmouth Mob: Which knightclub will take the most trophies? Which knight will stand above the rest and become this Major's Knight-Champion?
Greatmouth Mob: Now... LET US SEE FOR OURSELVES––!
*5:43 P.M. \ Clear*
*The Grand Knight Territory Kawalerielki, Wall of Champions*
Spokesman McKee: How's the fit, Mr. Malkiewicz?
Spokesman Malkiewicz: Good, thanks to you.
Spokesman McKee: That's enough of that. Custom-tailored formalwear is a must for maintaining our image.
Spokesman McKee: Do you still have the tailor's contact information? I believe you'll find his services most helpful.
Spokesman Malkiewicz: ......
Spokesman McKee: Sir, could you please get me a glass of wine? Thank you.
Spokesman McKee: What's on your mind?
Spokesman Malkiewicz: Nothing in particular...
Spokesman Malkiewicz: Maybe... This banquet is just too much for me.
Spokesman McKee: Ah, 'maybe.'
Spokesman McKee: Maybe you haven't gotten over the incident with Mr. Czarny. Quite the shame, for all of us.
Spokesman Malkiewicz: ......!
Spokesman McKee: He was a conscientious one, who always put his best foot forward, whether as a company employee or as a spokesman for the K.G.C.C.
Spokesman McKee: In fact, I only met him after becoming a spokesman myself. In terms of our work in the Majors, he was far senior to a fresh face like me.
Spokesman McKee: He always treated those he respected well, yes?
Spokesman Malkiewicz: Maybe...
Spokesman McKee: Let's do away with these maybes, and lift our spirits instead.
Spokesman McKee: Today is but the second day of the opening ceremonies, and a great day to open the Wall of Champions to the outside world. It would hardly fit the occasion for the resident manager to wear such a dour expression.
Spokesman Malkiewicz: Yes, you're right... Sorry...
Spokesman McKee: You should speak up more, Malkiewicz. And there's no need to be so stiff around me. It's certainly not conducive to our working relationship.
Spokesman Malkiewicz: What was that? Did something happen outside?
Spokesman McKee: Hmm.
Spokesman McKee: I believe it's a guest of honor, a very important knight. Let me check the time... See, look how punctual she is. We need more knights like her.
Spokesman McKee: Pardon me, I'll be right back. In the meanwhile, do avail yourself of your right to the open bar.
Spokesman Malkiewicz: S-Sure...
Spokesman McKee: The sweet release of libation is wonderful indeed. You ought to indulge in it.
Spokesman McKee: Madam Droste, we meet again.
Droste: Good evening. Am I late?
Spokesman McKee: Not at all. I'm glad you could make it.
Spokesman McKee: I do believe the glow of the Candle Knight will add a beautiful touch to tonight's opening banquet.
*6:15 P.M. \ Overcast*
*The Grand Knight Territory Kawalerielki – General Chamber of Commerce, Reception Room*
Platinum: ......
Platinum: ............
Platinum: I—
???: Ah, no need to explain yourself, Platinum. We didn't expect this to happen either... Just doing your job, of course?
???: You do what you have to do.
Platinum: ......
Platinum: I screwed up.
???: Ah yes, a screwup... But we aren't exactly nine-to-five office drones here. In our line of work, 'screwups' are very serious.
???: Deadly serious, even.
Platinum: ......
???: Luckily this time, you only let the Radiant Knight barge into the Infected quarter... Oh, but that did throw a wrench into Monique's work.
???: Her job was to make a little fireworks show out of those illegal settlements, and then bring the Pinus Sylvestris Knightclub to Area 0.
???: It was going so smoothly, but suddenly... from the slaughter came the Radiant Knight, and there went all our plans.
???: She's very unhappy now, you understand? We all know her temper, and if someone was to get in the way of her bounty, you know how troublesome that'd be.
Platinum: I didn't know what Monique was doing.
???: No, you did know. Besides, whether you knew or not is no excuse.
???: After all, your job was to 'track the Infected.' Did I not say a long time ago that our jobs would be changing?
Platinum: ......
???: Now now, what's with that icy expression? Oh, were you perhaps born with that face, little pegasus?
Platinum: ......
???: How seriously can I take someone who submits seventeen or eighteen time-off requests a month? ...Ah, forget it.
???: Count your lucky stars that the whole thing about the Radiant Knight rushing into an Infected quarters to fight off a group of mysterious assassins didn't make headlines in the major news outlets.
???: Though the media are still our valued partners, suppressing these kinds of things costs a lot of money. And let me tell you, they don't pass up on these juicy opportunities.
Platinum: ...I'll accept responsibility for these losses.
???: Your self-awareness is commendable, but you can't afford to 'accept responsibility' for many more mistakes. After all, the Board of Directors only pays you so much, yes?
Platinum: Sorry.
???: Hah. Enough of that. Playing the villain isn't exactly my strong suit.
???: We're still work partners, right?
Platinum: If you think so, then so it must be, Lord Roy.
Roy: Tisk tisk. When you call me that, doesn't it seem like we're strangers? 'Platinum' Centaurea... See, doesn't hearing that make you feel uncomfortable? Why don't we go with a nickname instead, my little pegasus?
Platinum: Kazimierz has many pegasi.
Roy: It's fine as long as you know I'm referring to you... Oh, right. There's just one more thing, though it's not a very big deal.
Platinum: If you're talking about it, there's no way I can treat it as anything less than a big deal.
Roy: Then it appears that you misunderstand me. I'm willing to talk to you about all sorts of things, from small talk to important matters... Haha.
Roy: Mm. I heard you spared the life of Szewczyk's runt?
Platinum: Czarny was already removed from his post at that time. I wasn't in the mood to listen to him and kill a kid.
Roy: Ah, so frank. That's fine.
Roy: Though I also feel bad for Czarny, that isn't the real issue here... Put simply, Szewczyk has gone missing.
Roy: Plastic Knight does not come from an esteemed lineage. He's just another tournament upstart.
Roy: Though we didn't have any plans to remove him from the picture, he is the property of the Roar Guards Co., and it never bodes well to let someone else take the initiative. We'll definitely get complaints from the K.G.C.C.
Platinum: Did you find out who did it?
Roy: The Infected.
Platinum: I don't understand. How could a few Infected knights accomplish all this?
Roy: Who knows, little Platinum? That's exactly what we're trying to figure out right now.
Roy: But there's one thing you shouldn't misunderstand.
Platinum: Oh do please illuminate me.
Roy: What we face... is not just a few meager Infected, but rather all the Infected of Kawalerielki.
Roy: Mieszko Industries just delivered eight new plates. The purpose of the plate called Area 0 will soon be brought to light.
Roy: I've mentioned this before, right? We're going to be real busy.
Platinum: I understand.
Roy: Good, as long as you understand. *cough* *cough* Hmm...
Platinum: ......
*hiss*... It's too damn hot today, don't you think? How nice it must be to not have to wear a helm...
Platinum: .......?
Roy: Hm, you can't see what's different about me?
Platinum: Oh.
Platinum: You dyed your hair?
Roy: Everything, including my tail. What do you think? Looks good, huh?
Platinum: Yes, it suits you well.
Roy: What's the meaning of that annoyed look in your eyes?
Platinum: Don't think I have to answer personal questions, do I?
Roy: But you see, you hold the title of 'Platinum.' White hair, clad in pure white. Monique is Victorian, natural blue hair, lazurite attire. An absolutely perfect fit.
Roy: But look at me, all dark and drab. Standing next to Monique, I'm so out of place, like I'm a janitor or something.
Roy: So out of consideration for our public image, I also decided on a color for myself, heh.
Platinum: ...You...
Roy: Hm?
Platinum: As long as you're happy.
*1:22 P.M. \ Clear*
*The Grand Knight Territory Kawalerielki – Urban Crevices, Infected Gathering*
Sona: I'm back!
Justyna: Took you a while, Sona.
Sona: Rude. Some stuff happened along the way.
Justyna: ......
Justyna: Ashlock's mentioned it before. Back then, during that 'Industrial Incident,' was it the Radiant Knight that helped you?
Sona: Ahaha... Is this the celebrity effect? Feels like everyone already knows...
Justyna: She...
Justyna: What kind of person is she?
Sona: Oh, that's adorable. I thought you weren't interested in gossip.
Justyna: My hometown...
Justyna: Back home, there's an arena.
Justyna: There were never any tournaments in that small arena. It was just built because that's what you do, you have an arena in a town.
Justyna: But back then... was when I started to look up to the knights. It was also where I grew up hearing legends of the Radiant Knight.
Justyna: It's been many years.
Sona: Really? You never mentioned that before.
Justyna: And when did you tell me about what you were like as a kid?
Sona: Fair. Maybe that is something we should talk about later.
Justyna: It was a long road.
Justyna: The road to the Grand Knight Territory was so very long. I didn't come all the way here to reminisce about my old home.
Sona: We're just chatting, alright? No need to be so uptight.
Justyna: Just chatting, huh...
Justyna: When the day comes that we can sit around a patisserie with nothing to fear, we can grab Ashlock and Wild Mane and chat the afternoon away.
Sona: Good idea.
Justyna: So... What kind of person is she?
Sona: Well... To be honest, ermm, we only made eye contact. I have no idea if she even saw my face, busy as we were.
Justyna: ......
Sona: H-Hey, don't look so down! It's not like I could just strike it up with the champion in front of the Armorless assassins.
Sona: But, she still rescued an Infected like me, even with eyes on her.
Justyna: Hmm...
Justyna: Maybe she really is the Radiant Knight. The very same... as the Infected dream about.
Sona: The what now–– Eh, whatever. How about the poor guy you rescued? The old one?
Justyna: He...
???: You asking about me?
Plastic Knight: My arrow's nocked, Infected.
Plastic Knight: You'll help me make those lowlife assassins pay the price.
An Aged Knight: Amiya, and the Doctor of Rhodes Island, please come in. Treat this place as your own home.
An Aged Knight: Your rooms are upstairs. The doctors are working up on the twelfth floor.
Amiya: Thank you, kind sir.
An Aged Knight: Haha... There's no need to be so formal, Miss Amiya.
An Aged Knight: I never expected the leader of Rhodes Island to be such a lovely, young Cautus girl. Ah, to be young and full of promise.
Amiya: Th-There's nothing special about me...
Option_1: It's true, Amiya is the face of Rhodes Island.
Option_2: Amiya's always making things happen.
Amiya: D-Doctor...
An Aged Knight: Haha, are you embarrassed?
An Aged Knight: What an adorable girl. If I had a granddaughter, I reckon she'd be about your age.
Amiya: Oh...
An Aged Knight: My my, her face is beet red.
An Aged Knight: But, I must apologize. Considering your unique status, I can't arrange an in-person meeting for you two.
Amiya: Mhm... Don't worry, that's perfectly understandable.
An Aged Knight: So... 'Gravel.'
Senomy: Your orders.
An Aged Knight: This young lady here is a fourth-order campaign knight. You can call her 'Gravel.' She's very promising.
Gravel: Hello.
An Aged Knight: She will personally take charge of your safety while you are in Kawalerielki. Should you need anything, just let her know, and she will be of service.
An Aged Knight: We cannot allow any misfortune to befall our distinguished guests from abroad, not to mention such excellent partners as yourselves, during the Major.
Amiya: We understand, sir.
An Aged Knight: Thank you for your understanding. I've prattled on for long enough, so I'll leave you young people to your business.
An Aged Knight: Gravel, please take good care of the Rhodes Islanders.
Gravel: As you wish.
Gravel: Now then... I'll be standing outside the door. If something comes up, just call for me.
Amiya: Right, okay. Thanks, Gravel.
Gravel: ......
Option_1: Amiya. Hey, Amiya. Is she staring at you?
Option_2: ......
Option_3: Excuse me, but did you need something?
Gravel: There is one thing... Do you mind if I come a little closer? Yes, just like this, good.
Gravel: ......Mmwah.
Amiya: —?!
Gravel: Hm? What's wrong? Your face is beet red. That's just how I say hello, so don't think too much about it.
Gravel: Anyway, I'm Gravel, a knight of Kazimierz. It's a pleasure. Hehehe.
Amiya: ......
Amiya: What... What was that all about...?
Option_1: She said it's how she greets everyone.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: They have a rather interesting way of greeting people here in Kazimierz.
Amiya: Err, umm... I have heard that sometimes nobles will indeed greet each other with a kiss... And, umm, seeing as how she's a knight...
Amiya: That's probably all she meant with it, right? Probably...
Amiya: ...Haah...
Option_1: You're pretty nervous, huh?
Option_2: ......
Option_3: I guess that's that.
Amiya: Yeah... I guess I have been a bit nervous.
Amiya: But, that old lady seemed a lot more easygoing than the other Adeptus knights we met earlier.
Amiya: How about you, Doctor? Are you tired?
Amiya: Of course you are. We've been tied up with business and all kinds of formalities since we got to Kazimierz.
Amiya: At least you can catch your breath now.
Amiya: Ahaha.... Doctor, were you able to take a breather as well?
Amiya: It would be nice if all the people in charge of the medical mission were as reasonable as that old lady.
Amiya: But, this is a rare opportunity for us.
Amiya: It's said that every few years, the Grand Knight Territory will select a few of the most rapidly developing cities to merge with its own core city.
Amiya: It's a remarkable feat, if you think about it.
Option_1: The lights from the billboards outside sure are bright.
Option_2: I always expected this city to be a lot more solemn.
Amiya: Mm... It's been a bit of a shock for me as well.
Amiya: Even though... I've always heard Nearl talk about her homeland, I never expected the heart of Kazimierz to be like this.
Amiya: ......
Option_1: Want to take a look around?
Option_2: Is there anything you'd like to buy?
Amiya: Hwuh? Ah, um, n-not really... I just don't get to visit big cities like this very often.
Amiya: After all, how many Infected get to look out over a thriving city from atop a high-rise hotel...
Amiya: If Rhodes Island didn't manage to secure a medical business contract, we'd never get to enjoy this luxury.
Amiya: The only thing is...
Amiya: I can't stop wondering about Nearl... and how she's doing right now.
Option_1: I was shocked when she suddenly announced that she was leaving Rhodes Island.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: She is the Radiant Knight after all, and this is her home.
Amiya: Mhm...
Amiya: Ultimately, we should trust her. This is her decision to make.
Amiya: I just hope she's safe and sound...
Amiya: But, since Shining and Nightingale are with her, she'll be fine, right?
Amiya: Yup! Let's put our faith in Nearl.
Amiya: After all, she is the Radiant Knight—a pinnacle of Kazimierz knighthood, right?
Amiya: Oh, Doctor! Quick, look at that big screen outside!
Amiya: Is that... Nearl?
Maria: Margaret, I'm done!
Maria: Based on the suggestions you made last time, I adjusted the center of mass and added a retracting function. Now, it should be able to...
Maria: ...Margaret?
Margaret: ......
Maria: What's on your mind?
Margaret: Oh, Maria... Sorry, what were you talking about?
Maria: You don't usually space out like that. What's wrong?
Margaret: I heard some of the rumors while I was at Rhodes Island...
Margaret: But this place... really has changed a whole lot.
Maria: Yeah... We've sold off a lot of the furniture.
Maria: You know Uncle. Were it not for him, we might've moved somewhere else last year.
Maria: Yesterday, someone from the Knights Association came by again to harass us. Both you and I, we're always representing some knightclub, or the family. Otherwise...
Margaret: Don't worry. I'll take care of it.
Maria: Hehe, now that's how a big sister should be.
Maria: Oh, right, here's your weapon. Master Kowal and I tuned it up for you.
Maria: But, you haven't had any matches lately, right? How'd it get worn out so badly? It's like a bomb went off next to it.
Margaret: I never realized it before. The sheer number of Infected living in the Grand Knight Territory.
Maria: ...Margaret?
*Margaret gazes wordlessly at the skyscrapers in the distance.*
*She can't forget the dark, garbage-choked underground, or the flickering glow of flames.*
Margaret: Now, the Infected can become knights. The Blood Knight did something incredible. Judging by the results, he saved many Infected from misfortune.
Margaret: But, this is not what a 'knight' should be. The Infected should not be callously treated as playthings just because they suffer from a disease.
Maria: ......
Maria: Sona... might've just wanted to help those Infected as well.
Maria: The factory is running, the mines haven't stopped. The city is still developing, and more and more Infected will end up at the bottom.
Maria: They were all going to be exiled into the wilderness... but Pinus Sylvestris paid for them. Bought all those Infected with no home of their own.
Maria: That's what Master Kowal told me.
Margaret: Except, that doesn't change anything. They still don't have a place in this city.
Maria: Right... some Infected knights have done similar things before, but there's a limit to how many of the Infected poor the General Chamber of Commerce will allow to hide in the city.
Margaret: ...and the Adeptus Sprawiedliwi Kazimierz will?
Margaret: The ruling class is even more reluctant to watch the Infected walk openly in their city, and they'll also take measures.
Maria: All the news talks about lately is the Infected, and Oripathy research conferences...
Margaret: They're whipping up hysteria.
Margaret: They media's trying to make ordinary people fear the Infected, even if it threatens to undo the stabilizing effect that the Infected Knights Act has had––
Margaret: ––and the scary part is, this kind of rhetoric from the media... almost always succeeds.
Młynar: ......
???: Don't always look so glum. No money falls into the pockets of the despondent.
???: The Radiant Knight is answering a higher calling, helping out the Infected hidden throughout the dark alleys of the city. How noble––
Młynar: And then what?
Młynar: Can she give them their lives back? Can she treat their Oripathy? Can she help the Infected fight back against the rest of society?
???: Who knows? Maybe she can.
Młynar: Cut the crap, Toland.
Młynar: Do you have nothing better to do? Why don't you leave the Grand Knight Territory and crawl back to your den of thieves?
Toland: Now that the two sisters are safe and sound, there's no more room for me here?
Młynar: You've already been paid back.
Toland: That little bit of cash was just a formality. You know exactly the currency we deal in, Master Młynar.
Młynar: Who gave you permission to come in?
Toland: Mmhmm, this carpet isn't half bad.. The Leithanian textiles are being auctioned off tomorrow, yes?
Młynar: That's none of your concern.
Toland: The origins of those two Sarkaz knights certainly raise eyebrows. As a Sarkaz myself, I do pity the fate of those 'knights.'
Toland: But I must remind you, this is no longer part of our business arrangement. My work here was done long ago.
Toland: I had my own reasons for coming to Kawalerielki, since it's not something I do often. I wanted to see if we could come to a mutual understanding–– but it seems that isn't possible.
Młynar: ......
Toland: Now now, don't make that face. Our relationship is already much better than it was before, Your Excellency.
Toland: After all, I'm just a no-name bounty hunter. To the Grand Knight Territory, I'm nothing at all. As for you–– Oh my, haha. Sorry.
Toland: It would seem that you're nothing as well. I guess that makes us two peas in the same sickly pod.
Młynar: ......
Młynar: ............
====================act14side_Break the Ice.xlsx====================
*External force.*
*A minute touch of force from outside. With just the lightest push...*
*An avalanche will bury the whole of Kjerag, conspiracies, machinations and all.*
Business-Tripping Manager: Sir, this is just a shoddy plank of wood. What makes it sell for fifty whole pounds?
Kjerag Merchant: Now, sir, you'll want to learn something new today. This is no ordinary piece of wood. It's a blessing of Kjeragandr, Goddess of the Snow Realm.
Kjerag Merchant: It's all thanks to Her protection that Kjerag could be free from the Catastrophes and set down roots here.
Kjerag Merchant: And the stuff that made this charm comes from the evergreen trees of Mount Jungfrau, our own second-highest peak in all of Kjerag.
Kjerag Merchant: Do you know much about Jungfrau? Legends say, it's a mountain formed from the tears of Kjeragandr as they fell and froze.
Kjerag Merchant: The trees watered in that snow from on high grow full with Kjeragandr's love and favor for this land, and charms made from that timber assure your safety and warding of calamity where you may go.
Kjerag Merchant: Seeing as it's your first time here in Kjerag, why not take some souvenirs for your homefolk back in Victoria?
Business-Tripping Manager: What gives you that idea?
Kjerag Merchant: Listen, these last two years, Mr. Enciodes has had more and more of these big corporate whosits flocking in. I heard your accent and I knew straight away.
Kjerag Merchant: To new people like you, see, I recommend these charms in particular to mark the occasion.
Kjerag Merchant: Heard of the Tschäggättä, maybe? They're people-eating beasts deep in our mountains. Sinister to the eye, inhuman, there and gone again when you least expect.
Kjerag Merchant: But so long as you're wearing this charm, blessed by the Vine-Bear Court, you'll cower those things under Kjeragandr's might, and they won't harm you.
Kjerag Merchant: And just think, you take it back to your family and tell them, this charm bears the divine protection of Kjerag's Mount Karlan. Paints the complete picture, doesn't it?
Kjerag Merchant: You've tripped halfway across the land to Kjerag. You wouldn't go back to your own without something nice for it, would you?
Business-Tripping Manager: ......
Business-Tripping Manager: ...Bah, fine. I'll take one, and one for my wife and little tot each!
Kjerag Merchant: That's the ticket! If only we could all be straightforward as you!
???: Let me see—sorry, this wood must've been stripped from any random mountain tree.
Kjerag Merchant: ?!
Kjerag Merchant: Wh—What gives you the right to say that?!
Ensia: First, without approval from the Paleroches, no one's even allowed to climb Jungfrau.
Ensia: Second, I sure didn't hear about anyone climbing her while I was gone.
Ensia: When I left Kjerag, I even told Weiss, if anyone makes it up her, be sure to send me a message.
Kjerag Merchant: How do you know who...
Kjerag Merchant: Wait a minute, that tail... you can't be Miss Ensia?!
Business-Tripping Manager: Ensia... y—you're Mr. Enciodes's sister?!
Ensia: Uh-huh?
Business-Tripping Manager: Now, hold it, sir, were you actually trying to swindle me?!
Kjerag Merchant: Well, hahahah, they said Miss Ensia loved climbing ever since she was little. Seems she knows more about the snowcaps than us commoners after all.
Kjerag Merchant: All these wares of mine came from the hunters in the mountains, actually. They must have been the ones swindling me, no doubt.
Kjerag Merchant: I'll be going to find them and settle our score!
Kjerag Merchant: As for this charm... Miss Ensia, would you mind?
Ensia: It's true it has the Vine-Bear Court's blessing. No man of Kjerag would dare to forge that seal and offend Kjeragandr.
Ensia: If you want to ward off any rumored Tschäggättäs with it, forget it. But if you take it back as a souvenir, I think it'll work great.
Ensia: So, just slash that price a little.
Kjerag Merchant: Huff... in light of that, I'll put them at ten pounds a piece! Now, sir, are you still buying?
Business-Tripping Manager: If the sister of Mr. Enciodes says as much, I've got no reason to be skeptical.
Business-Tripping Manager: Business for you must be tough. I'll take five of them!
Kjerag Merchant: Coming right up.
Kjerag Merchant: Are you here to buy anything, Miss Ensia? Whatever you fancy, it's yours. My business owes itself to the Silverashes, after all.
Ensia: No, no, I'll pay you like normal.
Ensia: Right, Doctor?
Option_1: Of course.
Option_2: Lucky we prepared enough Victorian and Kazimierz cash.
Option_3: You couldn't just take stuff? It's your clan's territory.
Ensia: Jeez, we could exchange all we want, but it's still only worth anything in our family's region.
Ensia: And this trade port's doing the hottest business anywhere in our land. You may as well spend all that money right here. You'll still get away with it.
Ensia: Hey, c'mon, Doctor. Other people have to make a living too.
Ensia: But if you really want, we can go see what my brother says about it. He'd get things sorted out sweet!
Weiss: Lady Ensia, we should be on our way to the station by now.
Ensia: Ooh, we're tight on time. Doctor, let's go.
???: The blizzard is coming. Take caution, outsider.
Option_1: And you are?
???: If you don't want to freeze, leaving now will still save your skin.
Option_1: ......?
Ensia: What are you blanking for, Doctor?
Option_1: Someone was talking to me.
Ensia: Huh? There's nobody here, though.
Option_1: ......?
*It's far from the right season for leisurely outdoor coffee.*
*You look behind you, and only see the bright canopy blocking the sun, and a sign advertising Karlan Trade.*
*A deserted terrace sits silent, just like the distant peaks of pure white.*
*Maybe it was the pages of the magazine on the table, rustling in the wind, that gave you the illusion someone was sitting next to you, talking to you.*
Ensia: Doctor, snap out of it. Let's move.
Option_1: ......
???: We'll meet again.
Weiss: Matterhorn! You're here. The Master's waiting for you.
Matterhorn: Good to see you, Weiss.
Matterhorn: Aren't you going?
Weiss: I was going to, but the Master wants to invite the Doctor to the Tri-Clan Council with him, and have me stay back to greet them in your place. After all, I'm an employee of Rhodes Island myself.
Weiss: I think you must be ready for a vacation after guarding the Young Lady for so long.
Weiss: Besides, given you're out here, I'm guessing she ditched you?
Matterhorn: Haha, yes. She's shopping with the Doctor right now.
Matterhorn: She wanted a vacation for me too, so she had me let her free.
Weiss: That's the Master and the Young Lady for you.
Weiss: Well? How do you feel, being back this time?
Matterhorn: The territory's been fast with construction, and huge in its overall change. It's almost unrecognizable already. That's the Master for you, indeed.
Matterhorn: I'll take the two of them up on their great kindness and visit home for now, see my parents, and then I'll be on standby at the Master's.
Matterhorn: How about you?
Weiss: Me?
Matterhorn: You've been away for a while too. Last time we met, weren't you off with the Master to Columbia?
Weiss: I've got nothing pressing. Savoring the streets again is more than enough for me.
Matterhorn: What about that old Itra friend of yours? Monch, I think, was the name. Eat a bite with him if you have the time.
Weiss: That's...
Weiss: ...We'll see, I guess.
Sharp: ......
Sharp: It's me.
Aurora: Can you hear me?
Sharp: I can hear you.
Aurora: Brilliant! It looks like the base station's signal is fine.
Sharp: Mm.
Sharp: How are you?
Aurora: I've found a few suitable hidden spots for the comms station installation. But no matter where we install a station in Turicum, we won't be able to catch all of Kjerag.
Aurora: This is Kjerag's southern gateway, and practically its only contact channel with the outside.
Aurora: Setting up a comms network here has massive importance, but if you want to cover the whole of Kjerag, setting up a few more simple stations around the central lake region would be the best option.
Sharp: That's not what I'm asking.
Aurora: ...? Didn't you have me wandering outside so I could scope things for us?
Sharp: What I mean is, you haven't been back in Kjerag for a long time. How do you feel?
Aurora: Oh...
Aurora: Honestly, it feels totally unbelievable. When I left Kjerag under the Silverashes' talent fostering program, it was from here too.
Aurora: Back then, even Turicum was just an ordinary little village, let alone the rail station at the border now.
Aurora: I never thought it'd become so big. At this point, I think you could argue it stands up to the cities on the outside.
Aurora: Doing construction work like this in the snowy mountains must be harder than I could ever imagine.
Sharp: Good.
Aurora: Where are you all right now, Captain? I'll come find you.
Sharp: We're boarding a train to Karlan.
Sharp: You don't need to come with yet.
Aurora: Huh?
Sharp: You mentioned your home was in an industrial area, in the mountains.
Aurora: Yep.
Sharp: For now, go back and visit.
Sharp: Nothing's more important than family.
Aurora: But...
Sharp: You're back in the mountains. It's the perfect opportunity to head for home. The Doctor thinks so, too.
Aurora: Did the Doctor say that?
Aurora: ...I understand. If you're okay with it, then I will.
Aurora: So, the Doctor...
Sharp: The Doctor has me with.
Broadcast: The train for the foot of Mt. Karlan is about to depart.
Broadcast: The train will depart soon, please board now.
Sharp: I'm heading out.
Sharp: Have a good break, Aurora.
*With a steam whistle and a faint announcement, the train departing for Karlan sets slowly into motion.*
Ensia: Doctor, let me tell you about the names of all these peaks.
Ensia: Look. The one there with the flat-ish slope is Jungfrau. The third Saintess named that one.
Ensia: The really steep one there, that's Matterhorn. His name actually came straight from that one.
*......*
*Ensia continues on, with something to say about all the scenery that passes by, and all that Kjerag is.*
*Aside, Courier wears his eternal smile, listening to every word quietly and respectfully. But from time to time, the faraway look in his eyes carries a hint of something unclear.*
*Sharp reclines against the seat browsing net pages. He'll find that the contents of Kjerag's internet far exceed his expectations.*
*Alternately, you listen to Ensia, and cast your gaze out of the window.*
*Outside, remnants of ice drift in a lake reflecting the blue sky. Some locals are together at its shallows, some drawing water, some doing their laundry, some laughing.*
*The purest white snowpeaks stand imposingly tall, any attempt to lift your head and see their end blocked by the sunlight.*
*Halfway up, where the mountains level somewhat, a young shepherd herds flocks of stockbeasts home. No surprise crosses him as he sees the people aboard the train; instead, he lifts his whip, waving at you in greeting.*
*Not far away is the village where he lives, smoke spiraling from chimneys, peaceful and prosperous.*
*The sight of it all wipes the cares from your mind.*
*Perhaps, this journey will be just fine.*
====================act15d0_Mansfield Break.xlsx====================
Mayer: This... should be the place, right?
Silence: Mm. No doubt about it.
Mayer: Neat. Just gotta check, Silence, she really wanted to meet you here?
Mayer: This looks like a real-ass bar. In pretty lively shape, too...
Mayer: But nobody's home.
Silence: True. The liquor is all laid out very tidily, with an orderly ambience to match.
Mayer: Pretty bizarre. Should we head back, maybe? Not long till we gotta get going.
Silence: No. Whoever invited us knows about Anthony's jailbreak, and that he's with us, on top of...
Mayer: Of?
Silence: We'll be heading off tonight.
Silence: Let me check over the miscellanies one more time.
Silence: Hm? A message?
Silence: I don't remember anyone in this city having my contact info...
Silence: Wait, is this... an internal band?!
Silence: ......
???: Ms. Silence.
Silence: Who are you?
???: No one important. What's important is that I know you have Anthony, and you're the one who broke him out.
Silence: ...I don't know what you're talking about.
???: No need to panic. Even if I can't prove it, you can rest assured that I'm no bad actor. Otherwise, I wouldn't go to the trouble of establishing contact with you on an inside wire.
Silence: State your intentions.
???: All I want is to invite you and Mayer the Engineer out, for a chat.
Silence: ......
???: I'll take that as a yes. Now, the address is...
Silence: On top of the fact that she sounded absolutely vile.
???: Hearing that as soon as I come in hurts me a little, you know.
Mayer: Whozzit?
???: Hiya~
???: I reserved the entire bar. It's just us three all alone here.
???: I really wanted to chit-chat with you in a normal bar, but in the end, this isn't something we can let just anyone hear.
???: So, sorries~
Mayer: You're...
???: Alright, let's all introduce ourselves.
???: I'm the Director of Ecological, Muelsyse.
Silence: I remember you.
Muelsyse: Wowie, you know me? I'm blessed.
Silence: My mentor once mentioned you.
Muelsyse: Alright, your turn now.
Silence: Do you need to ask?
Muelsyse: Aww, there's a ritual to these things.
Silence: ...Structural, Silence.
Mayer: Engineering, Lutra Workshop, Mayer.
Muelsyse: I hear you're all with an organization called Rhodes Island now.
Muelsyse: How'd you get mixed up in this, then?
Silence: ...None of your business.
Mayer: Don't tell me you were behind all this...
Muelsyse: Keheh. I dunno, what do you think?
Silence: No, likely not.
Muelsyse: Ooh? You sure about that?
Silence: If you could find us yourself, there's no reason you wouldn't know that Anthony has long since left Columbia.
Silence: If you were the hand behind the curtain, a priori, there's absolutely no reason to seek us out.
Muelsyse: Hmhmm. True, true.
Muelsyse: If I'm the hidey-hand, I should be running around headless right now looking for Anthony, huh?
Muelsyse: But something tells me they won't lie down and take it, ya know? Your bodyguards have any idea how tough they are?
Silence: ...Don't worry yourself.
Muelsyse: You sure, eh? Worry I won't, then.
Mayer: Uh, Silence, time out. If she's not behind all this, then she's...
Silence: It's not clear to me yet either.
Silence: But you're linked to this case, and you want something out of us here.
Muelsyse: This is why you were Director Parvis's star pupil over in Structural. You're a real smarty. I love chatting it up with people like you.
Silence: Don't change the subject, Director Muelsyse.
Silence: Anthony left Columbia. His assassination has failed. Mayer and I are ordinary people who just so happened to have come to Columbia.
Silence: What is it you could want from us, all told?
Muelsyse: Aww, relax a little.
Muelsyse: I'm ordinary too! Just a researcher here. I pose no imminent threat to you~
Muelsyse: The booze in this bar's four-star, at least. Wanna sit down and chat over some drinks?
Silence: ......
Mayer: Hey. You think we can, Silence?
Silence: Oh, fine. I've got things I want to know, too.
Mayer: Sweet. Lemme take a look, then... I waaant this one!
Muelsyse: Ooh, you've got a sharp eye. I like the Riesling a lot. Not too high proof, but the aroma can strongarm you.
Mayer: Huh? I'm not actually that good with alcohol...
Muelsyse: Then let me recommend a fruit wine. Very low alcohol content, very friendly flavor.
Mayer: Really? I'll give it a shot, then.
Muelsyse: Goodie. What about you, Ms. Silence?
Silence: Plain hot water will be fine.
Muelsyse: Aww, you come to a place like this and don't even wanna try anything more fun?
Silence: I'm not interested.
Muelsyse: Fiiine, fine.
Muelsyse: Alright, ladies, have a seat.
Silence: Thank you.
Mayer: Whoa. This is actually really tasty.
Muelsyse: Glad you like it.
Silence: Can we get to the topic at hand?
Muelsyse: We can.
Muelsyse: Down to business, then. The way I see it, we both have questions, so we may as well trade answers.
Muelsyse: Of course, some questions will be off limits, but let's agree not to play any boring little word games, shall we?
Muelsyse: And in the interest of demonstrating my goodwill, I'll give you one free question before we start. Ask away~
Silence: How did you find us?
Muelsyse: That's a pretty... trivial first question. You sure? I thought you'd ask something more straight to the point.
Silence: Please answer the question, Director Muelsyse.
Muelsyse: Alright.
Muelsyse: Whether or not you believe me, me and HydeBro's strike teams have nothing to do with each other.
Mayer: HydeBro... They're the company who moved against Anthony in this, right?
Muelsyse: Righty. You've got history with them. Probably don't need too much introduction.
Silence: HydeBro. Former building materials juggernaut in Bunkerhill City. Once clashed head-to-head with the up-and-coming Simon Co.
Mayer: Eep. They were up-and-coming back then?
Silence: Yes. Simon Co. originally was in the logistics business. By all accounts, the call was made to move into building supplies at a board meeting.
Silence: The company was named after the family, and half of its top-floor employees were related to the CEO, Smith Simon.
Silence: Including the person at the heart of this affair—Anthony Simon, his one and only son.
Silence: The short story is, whether it was over or under the table, the two companies fought it out, and they fought hard. To the point of blood, some rumors even say.
Silence: And in the end, one can say Simon Co. lost. Ever since, HydeBro has enjoyed a very real monopoly on construction supply commerce in not just Bunkerhill, but surrounding cities as well.
Muelsyse: Hmhmm. All correct. Gold star for you.
Muelsyse: Ultimately, you all come together in Ironforge City and shook them off. P.S., I've gotta say you did a beautiful job.
Silence: ...But we didn't shake you off.
Muelsyse: Ahah. Too true.
Silence: I see you're not denying you were in league with them.
Muelsyse: Hmm... I feel like you've got your guess, honestly speaking.
Muelsyse: But I can tell you, I borrowed their communication channels for sure.
Muelsyse: Not like there's room to breathe. If I didn't do this, I'd probably end up the biggest loser out of this whole thing.
Silence: ......
Muelsyse: So, I think we can get into grilling each other now. One asks, the other answers. You start.
Silence: No. Let's have you start, Director Muelsyse.
Muelsyse: Whoo. Can I?
Silence: I want to know what your game is here.
Muelsyse: Alrighty. What I wanna know is...
Muelsyse: Ms. Silence, how did your helper get in touch with Anthony, and aid him in a successful jailbreak, while in prison? I want a grasp on how that went down.
Silence: ...?
Silence: That's all in the past. Why do you want to know about it?
Muelsyse: Because I don't get how this jailbreak happened at all.
Muelsyse: The only parts I understand are the beginning—
Muelsyse: —HydeBro initiated this assassination plot they'd been brewing forever against Anthony Simon—the last of the Simons—who was locked up in Mansfield State Prison.
Muelsyse: And then the very end—
Muelsyse: —where Anthony led a group that successfully escaped Mansfield, and then met up with you two, and made it out of Columbia.
Muelsyse: As for everything in between... well, I had a chance to find out, but that's slipped away by now. Very sad about that.
Muelsyse: So I want to hear it from you. Just what happened?
Silence: This is not fair at all.
Muelsyse: Relax, I'm not here to try and get the whole thing in one single question.
Muelsyse: You can toss out your own questions when you see fit, and I'll do my bestest to answer.
Muelsyse: Of course, I might have other questions too, but prooobably not that many~
Muelsyse: Okay, being serious, we're only doing this I-ask-you-ask because we still don't know each other that well.
Muelsyse: Who can say if once we become friends, we'll let all the beans spill~
Silence: ...I do not intend to become your friend, and this is going to take an awful amount of time.
Muelsyse: Aren't you 'just ordinary people in Columbia' right now? You're not in any sort of rush, are you?
Muelsyse: Of course, you're free to turn tail and leave, but. First thing: I have no way to guarantee you'll actually make it out.
Muelsyse: Second thing: I have no idea how much you really know, but this is probs your one and only chance to pry intel out of me, Ecological Director Muelsyse. You really wanna let that go?
Silence: ...You're threatening me.
Muelsyse: I'm giving you the option that's least likely to get you hurt, Researcher Silence.
Silence: ......
Silence: Fine. I see you want to know, no matter what, and we're in no rush at all.
Mayer: Hey, I know this story. Can I just be drawing up some plans on the side here?
Silence: Go for it.
Muelsyse: Kafka... was that your assistant's name?
Silence: Yes.
Muelsyse: Don't think I ever saw her name in any list of staff to do with you.
Silence: She isn't a Rhine Lab employee.
Silence: Rhine Lab would never hire her, and her interest in scientific research is roughly zero.
Muelsyse: Huh. So how do you know each other?
Silence: Coincidentally.
Silence: But that's another story. All you need to know is she's a friend of mine.
Silence: She's the one who helped me gather all my intel on the Simon family.
Muelsyse: Ooh? She sounds like a real doer to me.
Muelsyse: And very loyal. Not many people would become a criminal and get thrown in prison for the sake of a friend, would they?
Silence: I remunerated her appropriately.
Silence: And she had her own goal in being imprisoned—
Muelsyse: Her own goal?
Silence: According to her, she always wanted to experience true prison life, just once.
Silence: From her angle, my request must've seemed like I was paying her for it.
Muelsyse: ...What an oddball she is.
Silence: Undoubtedly. I can't comprehend her sort of mentality, to say the least.
Silence: She sought out a carpenter named Mina to pose as staff when entering the prison, and she got sent in herself as a convict.
Muelsyse: Is Mina that one Liberi in your team?
Silence: She is.
Muelsyse: From the sound of it, she was a total third party. Why'd you yank her into this?
Silence: I'm not too sure, either. All Kafka said was that Mina once had Anthony's aid, and so would be willing to go inside to help him.
Silence: The long and short of it is she accepted my request, and entered Mansfield State Prison...
Kafka: Royal flush!
Kafka: Ah-hah. Stayin' on top.
Infected Prisoner A: Tsk, damnit. Lost again. Hey, Kafka, you're not cheating, are you?
Infected Prisoner B: Ain't anyone else's fault you're bad. See? Both Kafka's hands, empty. How's she gonna cheat?
Kafka: Yeah, 'zactly.
Kafka: (Mumbled) Not my business you hold your cards so crappy I can see 'em.
Infected Prisoner A: But who'da thunk it.
Infected Prisoner A: First I saw you as some weedy little brat. My shame. You're better than I thought.
Infected Prisoner A: And you got word from my momma! You're a real friend, fair 'n' square.
Kafka: Hey, hey, hey, how many times I gotta tell ya? I'm already all grown up!
Infected Prisoner B: Hahah, truth! Oughta be callin' you a 'lady!'
Infected Prisoner C: Whoo-wee, Kafka, ma'am!
Jailer: Hey, you lot, break time's over.
Jailer: Back to work!
Jailer: Anyone slacking, you can kiss goodbye to your dinner!
Infected Prisoner A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever.
Infected Prisoner A: Pff. You're just some jailer. Who made you king?
Jailer: What did you say? Speak up.
Infected Prisoner A: I said, I need a toilet!
Jailer: Hold it in!
Kafka: These jailers have a real bad attitude...
Infected Prisoner A: Hey, Kafka, seeing as you can get a thing or two, I'll give you some advice.
Infected Prisoner A: Dunno where you muddled on outside, but in Mansfield, I say you'd better keep your tail between your legs, figuratively speaking.
Kafka: Whyzat?
Infected Prisoner A: You know well as me, this is a nomadic prison we're in.
Infected Prisoner A: Times are it visits cities for supplies, maybe takes on a few new inmates. Otherwise, it roams around the wilderness and nobody gives a hoot.
Infected Prisoner A: So in here, two and two can make fish. Only law is the jailers' law.
Kafka: I guess so.
Infected Prisoner A: Hey, sort of a bright side, though.
Infected Prisoner A: Outside, it's just us Infected what don't get treated human.
Infected Prisoner A: But once you're in here, you ain't treated human whoever you are. Bastards in A-Zone don't live any better than we do.
Infected Prisoner A: I think of that, and I feel swell.
Kafka: A-Zone?
Infected Prisoner A: Ah, right, you're fresh. People what ain't Infected get cells in A-Zone, and us Infected get in B-Zone.
Infected Prisoner A: That's how we know 'em by, anyway. A-Zone, B-Zone.
Kafka: Ohh—
B-Zone Prisoner A: Heh. Can't help but say, Kafka, you came in just the right time.
Kafka: Uh-huh?
B-Zone Prisoner A: Today's the big event. You're in luck, making it.
Kafka: What's the event?
B-Zone Prisoner A: You'll know damn soon.
Kafka: Sure.
Kafka: Speaking of, what's that room over there for?
Kafka: Looks like a factory line to me. Why's it split off from our side? No one in there either.
B-Zone Prisoner A: Where d'you mean?
B-Zone Prisoner A: Oh, that's C-Zone's special assembly line.
Kafka: C-Zone?
B-Zone Prisoner A: They're the ones living in that tower dead center of the place. That's what we call C-Zone.
B-Zone Prisoner A: Scarce few there, but they've all made major messes. They'll pretty much be serving all their lives.
B-Zone Prisoner A: They gotta work too, but it ain't gonna be with us.
B-Zone Prisoner A: So that's where they do it.
Kafka: Ohh... anyone in there called Anthony?
B-Zone Prisoner A: Anthony? Whassup, you know him?
Kafka: Eh, I wouldn't say we know each other. Just heard he was in here too.
B-Zone Prisoner A: Where else is he gonna be...?
B-Zone Prisoner B: Hey. Zip it. You about ready?
B-Zone Prisoner A: It's starting? Damn, took long enough!
Kafka: Whassappening whassappenning?
B-Zone Prisoners: ......
A-Zone Prisoners: ......
Kafka: Uh, why do you all look like you're getting together...
B-Zone Prisoner A: Kafka, you're new here. Don't try anything today, save you getting hurt.
B-Zone Prisoner A: Just grab some kinda something and hide.
B-Zone Prisoner A: Here's a front-row ticket to Mansfield's big regular fixture—gang fighting!
====================act15d5_Beyond Here.xlsx====================
Hoshiguma: (Yawn)
Hoshiguma: Fold the blankets into dougan, and that'll do.
Hoshiguma: Wallet, keys, jacket...
Hoshiguma: I'll... leave the comms gear.
Hoshiguma: Shield... leave that too. You rest easy for today, partner.
Hoshiguma: I'll kick these for shoes. Mmm. Nope, don't feel it. Maybe this limited edition pair? Ah, these feel pretty right. They match my outfit today.
Hoshiguma: ......
Hoshiguma: Eh, let's go with the first ones after all.
Swire: (Rolls eyes)
Hoshiguma: Missy, perfect timing. Which pair do you think looks best?
Swire: Don't ask. Every part of you looks awful to me right now.
Hoshiguma: What's wrong? You're in a rotten mood. Special day today?
Swire: Ngaang gau ah, nei!
Swire: You were pounding on my door at dawn for this?! So I could watch you count SHOES? You've collected a billion pairs that all look basically the same to me!
Hoshiguma: How are they the same? They're all different editions, the materials are all different... ugh, what am I doing telling you this.
Hoshiguma: Our dorms are next to each other. We're like neighbors. We help each other out.
Swire: Like I care about you!
Swire: Let me make this clear to you, today is my day off! It's three minutes to six right now, and if I sound this alarm, I can write you up for disturbing the peace!
Swire: You want overtime? Fine! Do it yourself! You're gonna lose your hair working 24/7, but don't try to take my locks too!
Hoshiguma: Overtime nothing. Not often we get a day off, and the L.G.D. doesn't pay much more for overtime. They're pretty tight-pursed. I'm no workaholic like Ch'en either.
Hoshiguma: And Missy, are you one to talk? Didn't you just come back from the L.G.D.? I heard you opening and slamming the door. That one traveled.
Swire: Piss off! I'm so done right now!
Swire: Our plate's loaded! We've got the mess Reunion left, we've got business with that stinky old rat... and that puk gaai dragon isn't even here when it matters. What DOESN'T need doing?
Swire: You got promoted, and they want you transferred? Transferred where? Are we just going to give the Special Inspection Unit to someone else?!
Swire: I've had it up to HERE!
Hoshiguma: Calm down, calm down. It's not like Mr. Wei hasn't thought it through. He's training you.
Hoshiguma: For when the L.G.D. is your responsibility. If you ask me, it's just a matter of time.
Hoshiguma: You can do it.
Swire: You... you don't need to tell me! Of course I know that already!
Swire: B—But she was supposed to take over the L.G.D... She was groomed for it...
Swire: ......
*Sigh*. Don't you go crying again.
Swire: Who's crying?!
Swire: Just you wait. Who cares if some smelly dragon never comes back. Sooner or later I'll seize the L.G.D. for myself. All of it, just you wait.
Hoshiguma: Ha ha, now that's something to look forward to.
Swire: Ugh. No, wait. Did you just say you heard me opening the door when I came back? So you knew I hadn't slept all night?
Swire: Then why the hell did you still call me over? You said you didn't do it on purpose!
Hoshiguma: Hey, hey, don't get worked up.
Hoshiguma: I was worried you were pushing yourself too hard. Been a lot happening lately, and we haven't really gotten the chance to meet up, right?
Hoshiguma: Here, I bet you skipped breakfast again, right? I bought some breakfast. It's your favorite chow fun. Eat a little before you go to sleep.
Swire: Hmph. Didn't ask you to.
Hoshiguma: Fine, fine, you didn't ask me to. Will you still eat it?
Swire: Of course I will! Give it!
Swire: Hey, why'd you buy two portions? How am I gonna finish this much?
Hoshiguma: Oh... that was two? Must've been habit. Bought them without thinking.
Swire: ......
Swire: Three-mushroom shredded fowl, saa sin sauce, extra starchroot... Hmph, only that dummy would like it this way.
Swire: Their place uses pretty boring noodles. The flavor's too bland, they skimp on the ingredients. It's barely passable. Next time, remember: go downstairs from the L.G.D., turn the corner, second house down with the blue sign hung outside. They do better stuff.
Hoshiguma: Fine, I get it, I'll get you theirs next time. Just try and eat some for now. Woah, slow down! You don't have to inhale it.
Swire: (Yawn)
Swire: Oh, yeah, where are you going today? I'm up already, so you may as well count me in for some window-shopping.
Swire: I need to go buy that one Svrrovski piece. The new one from the JOKER series. It came out just last week.
Hoshiguma: Oh, the one Ch'en's had her eye on since forever ago?
Swire: Yep, that one. She's got a pretty good eye for those. She's better at picking out clothes and jewelry than I am.
Hoshiguma: Sounds like a compliment to me.
Hoshiguma: Personally, I don't even get to wear that kinda jewelry much after I buy it. Good thing she gets paid enough, and she lives in a free L.G.D. dorm. She'd be in dire straits otherwise.
Hoshiguma: Anyway, Missy, you're inviting me? That's pretty rare. Is this the first time ever?
Swire: If I had anyone else, you think I'd wanna pick you?
Hoshiguma: I guess so. Whoa, actually, if I don't head out now I'll be late. Later.
Swire: Wait, going where? Hold on, I'm gonna do my makeup!
Hoshiguma: Don't. You're plenty fine even without making up, 'Miss.'
Hoshiguma: Thanks for inviting me, but I'll have to pass today. I'm just going out for a spin, not much point in tagging along. I'll pick you up next time.
Hoshiguma: Get some sleep. Leave those bags under your eyes for too long, and it'll be rough when you finally wanna get them off.
Hoshiguma: You need more rest, Swire, you really do.
L.G.D. Officer: Madame, good morning!
Hoshiguma: Morning. You've all worked enough. Want some breakfast? I got recommended a place, so I picked some up along the way.
Hoshiguma: Seriously, this early on a vacation day and I still see so many people in this building.
L.G.D. Officer: Ever since that whole incident, it's been like this non-stop, ugh.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Same goes for you, Madame Hoshiguma. You only left a few hours ago and now you're back. You're off today, if I remember?
Hoshiguma: No comparison. Things are different for me.
Hoshiguma: Forget that, are you really still okay? I feel like you're wobbling... Eat something, and lie down in the lounge for a bit. Lay off the energy drinks. They're not good for you.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Ah, thank you, Madame. But I'm okay. Once I'm done with the work I've got on hand, I can go home and sleep.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: (Yawn)
Hoshiguma: Fine. I won't say much more then. Just mind yourself.
Hoshiguma: It's been all hands on deck lately. After we're past this, I'll take you all out for a feast.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: A feast? I'll pass. What I want is a raise.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Two days ago I ran into the guy from that Rhodes Island office, flaunting his promotion in front of me... pah, what's to flaunt? You just get a few more vacation days than I do...
L.G.D. Officer: ...Rhodes Island?
L.G.D. Officer: The ones who worked with us? And the lot who took Madame Ch'en away?!
L.G.D. Officer: I thought those guys scrammed ages ago!
Hoshiguma: Ah... you mean that local branch of theirs, right?
Hoshiguma: I think they do some recruitment too. Weren't there a few youngsters making trouble in the streets who got talked into picking up some work instead?
Hoshiguma: They've got a way with words.
Hoshiguma: Don't you go stirring trouble for them. It's all Lungmen citizens working in that office. No picking bones.
Hoshiguma: Go back and tell the kiddos downstairs too. No getting mixed up.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: The hell I can. Everyone's clear deep down.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Us and Rhodes Island get along fine enough. Once in a blue moon we'll have drinks together.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: They've got plenty of weirdos there, and besides their local office people, you pass by them now and again on the street. Some just look wild. We can't help but stare a bit.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Last week they had some kind of Laterano monastery girl with them... and not to mention they can all hold their liquor.
L.G.D. Officer: Huh?! So the time you came back dead drunk, it was Rhodes who got you like that?! You threw up all over me!
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Uh... did that happen?
L.G.D. Officer: Damn right it did!
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Fine, fine, my bad. Next time you file for a day off to go on a date with your girlfriend, I'll approve it, okay?
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Just hang in there until this bump's over, and every district we're rebuilding has its reconstruction schedules all sorted out. Then we'll be good.
L.G.D. Officer: Of course I know that... Honestly, though, once this bump's over, I'm probably not gonna have a girlfriend anymore... *sigh*.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Hey, that works out. Won't need to approve your day off.
Hoshiguma: Brutal. If you don't have anything nice to say...
L.G.D. Officer: He's just like that. I'm used to it.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Brat.
Exhausted L.G.D. Officer: Anyway, Madame, same to you. It's your day off. Don't hang around here, go on back and take a break pronto.
L.G.D. Officer: Yeah, just leave things here to us!
Hoshiguma: Oh, looks like I'm not that popular. Or is there another reason you're trying to shoo me out here?
L.G.D. Officer: N-No, that's not what I mean...!
Hoshiguma: Ha ha, alright, relax, I'm joking. I just came in to have a look, and drop off some food on the side.
Hoshiguma: Here, chow fun. You get to it, then. I'm leaving.
Hoshiguma: Whew, I'm tired.
Hoshiguma: I've only been up for a few days, and I'm already starting to buckle. Getting off-kilter.
Hoshiguma: I'm not getting old, right? Shouldn't be, I'm still young if I think about it hard enough...
Hoshiguma: ......
Hoshiguma: Maybe I am?
Hoshiguma: Ha, whatever...
Hoshiguma: Hey, partner, what do you think? It's been a while since I gave you some exercise. Let's head out to that racetrack in Ngai Kang and give it a spin, feel the breeze.
Hoshiguma: Hey, your exhaust sounds a little off today. Don't tell me you're getting old too?
Hoshiguma: No, of course not, you're definitely still latest model. 70vv.
Hoshiguma: Though I guess a model even newer than you just came out. Steady and smooth, fast as lightning. Their ads have always been pretty good, haven't they?
Hoshiguma: I still wanna get my hands on one to try, but they break the bank. It's okay, partner, we'll put up with each other for a bit. My wages aren't that high. Can't always spend like I did on you.
Hoshiguma: You're far from out of date, and I'm far from retirement. We match pretty well, don't we?
Hoshiguma: ......
Hoshiguma: What's your opinion? What makes Ch'en so hard to crack?
Hoshiguma: Think she can get used to Rhodes Island? Is she gonna get into fights? I'm guessing so. It's not like she can't get along with people, it's just if she's not willing...
???: Nay.
Hoshiguma: —Who's there!?
Shirayuki: Miss Ch'en is no fossilized bonehead.
Shirayuki: Nor blindly headstrong.
Hoshiguma: Ah, who's there? You're... Lady Shirayuki.
Shirayuki: (Nods)
Shirayuki: Madame Hoshiguma.
Hoshiguma: I don't need the title. How come you're here, Lady Shirayuki?
Shirayuki: The Madam is away. My orders, to protect thee.
Hoshiguma: Got it.
Hoshiguma: Lady Shirayuki, I heard the Madam recently assigned you to Rhodes Island?
Hoshiguma: How is it? Is little Amiya still holding up? And the Doctor by her side... I remember that one sticking behind cover giving orders. Freakishly smart, freakishly tired. How are they all now?
Shirayuki: In plentiful vigor, spirits held high.
Shirayuki: Raucous blather.
Shirayuki: Loud sort.
Hoshiguma: Ha ha ha ha, sounds like they're still full of beans.
Hoshiguma: It seems like you have a pretty nice impression of Rhodes Island, Lady Shirayuki.
Shirayuki: Truly, Rhodes Island is agreeable.
Shirayuki: As goes for Miss Ch'en.
Shirayuki: ...Thou needn't dwell.
Hoshiguma: What, so now even Lady Shirayuki's saying it... You're not telling me I've got worry written across my entire face? Seriously?
Hoshiguma: That can't be right. If I was like that, Missy would've torn a layer off my face this morning.
Shirayuki: ......
Hoshiguma: It's okay, Lady Shirayuki. I'm not worried about Ch'en, that's the truth.
Hoshiguma: Truest truth. Don't judge Ch'en by her cover. Sure, she'll snap like whiplash, but she's got a delicate heart in there.
Hoshiguma: I didn't see it coming when I first met her all the way back. Only came to realize after being with her a lot more. I believe as long as she has a brick wall to bash her head against, she'll live decent no matter where it is.
Shirayuki: Intelligent and sharp-witted is Miss Ch'en.
Shirayuki: Tongue incisive, and her action ne'er pales.
Shirayuki: The commonfolk cannot hope to cheat her.
Hoshiguma: Ha ha, true that.
Hoshiguma: Tell me, where do you find someone like her? Piss her off and she'll switch to chewing people out, and as long as there's reason, she'll chew out anyone. I've never seen her scared before.
Shirayuki: Miss Ch'en... is unreserved.
Hoshiguma: Honestly, Ch'en's temper hasn't changed once in all these years.
Hoshiguma: I've always felt she put a lot of stress on chivalry. In those manga about master swordsmen, her sort would be the main character.
Hoshiguma: But, you know, blood and gore's fun enough to read about, but having those wounds on your own body really aches something fierce.
Hoshiguma: There are times I see her aching beyond help, and I think, is it really worth this?
Hoshiguma: It isn't worth it. In truth, in full honesty, I feel it truly isn't worth it.
Hoshiguma: But she thinks it is.
Hoshiguma: I'm not worried if she comes to grief. A little grief is no bad thing. Get too strong-willed and you'll come to a lot worse.
Hoshiguma: I'm just scared that she can't get over it. That she can't let it go.
Shirayuki: ......
Shirayuki: Miss Ch'en's soul is wide.
Shirayuki: Rid of her chest's weight, she is ever more unstoppable.
Hoshiguma: You see clearly, Lady Shirayuki. And Master Wei and the Madam see even more plainly.
Shirayuki: You too, Madame Hoshiguma, are chivalrous.
Hoshiguma: Me? Stop it, that's over the top now. I'm clear when it comes to myself.
Hoshiguma: When I was young, I didn't know how things worked. I dreamed, of course, too.
Hoshiguma: I've done a lot of impulsive things, and it's not like I've never had some hot blood in me.
Hoshiguma: But the hot-blooded story's over, the kid's no longer a kid, and now what? They wouldn't write this stuff in a story. Write it and the readers'd get mad. Total waste of effort. Save yourself the trouble of ever writing it.
Hoshiguma: Stories get to end at the best possible times. Life doesn't.
Hoshiguma: If chivalry looked like me, carrying the weight of the world, then people wouldn't be into it.
Shirayuki: One cannot undervalue oneself.
Shirayuki: ......
Shirayuki: If you may see this.
Hoshiguma: This is... a comic?
Shirayuki: Tai Kam Road, Second Lane bookstore. This month's new publication.
Shirayuki: A present for thee.
Hoshiguma: Really unexpected.
Hoshiguma: Much thanks. Though I'm surprised. You read this, Lady Shirayuki?
Shirayuki: Madame will know at a gloss.
Shirayuki: Then. I, Shirayuki, take my leave.
Hoshiguma: ......
Hoshiguma: (This series...)
Hoshiguma: (A new artist's debut work. Second overall in readers' support, and other artists have been recommending it...)
Hoshiguma: (It seems pretty decent, too. Is this the protagonist on the cover?)
Hoshiguma: (Kinda... familiar...)
Hoshiguma: (......)
Hoshiguma: (This big one holding the shield is...)
Hoshiguma: Ah, ha. So that's how it is. No wonder.
Hoshiguma: They've got some guts. But they still know their work. Art's not bad, too.
Hoshiguma: Whatever. What—ever...
Hoshiguma: If I ever see Ch'en again, what should I call her?
Hoshiguma: Operator Ch'en?
Hoshiguma: Hm...
Hoshiguma: Pretty good. Pretty fitting, too.
Hoshiguma: ......
Hoshiguma: (Still not fast enough.)
Hoshiguma: (Got a curve up ahead. Perfect, I can still kick up a gear.)
*The one-horned Oni lets out her breath.*
*It's been a long time since she sped through the wind so savagely. With every roar her beloved machine lets out beneath her, her young, brazen blood seems to flow again, in speed for its own sake.*
*—Until suddenly, behind her, sounds another mechanical beast's cries.*
*The L.G.D.'s Madame Hoshiguma comes back to her senses.*
Hoshiguma: Mm?
Hoshiguma: (Who is it...?)
Hoshiguma: (The sound's coming from behind, and getting closer.)
Hoshiguma: Pretty good speed, catching up to me.
Hoshiguma: Heh, that model and that engine's sound. It's the latest one in the ads. Odds are it's modified, too.
Hoshiguma: Let's burn some rubber, partner. We can't lose.
Hoshiguma: (Strange. When was there someone so good, and how did I never know?)
Hoshiguma: (And they kind of seem like...)
Hoshiguma: ('Tearing the vacant streets in the dead of night, the ghost driver in the flashes on the winding roads.')
Hoshiguma: (Wait, but the vehicle's not right. And I think I know who's driving it..)
Hoshiguma: ...No way?
Hoshiguma: ...Phew.
Hoshiguma: You're good. It's my loss.
Fumizuki: I'm flattered. You took that curve very well. Had my machine not been somewhat better, I would never have overtaken.
Fumizuki: Good morning, Inspector Hoshiguma.
Hoshiguma: You're unbeatable, Madam Fumizuki.
Fumizuki: Oh, my. You don't seem surprised at all.
Hoshiguma: I'm pretty surprised, actually. It was too fast just before. I only dared to guess it was you after that curve.
Hoshiguma: Everyone's familiar with your principal vehicle, Madam, I'd never mistake it. Today's the first time I've seen those wheels, though.
Fumizuki: Are you going to issue me a speeding ticket, then?
Hoshiguma: Of course I couldn't. This racecourse is outside our jurisdiction, anyway, specifically for racing... If tickets were a thing out here, I wouldn't get away with it either.
Fumizuki: Hehe. You've all been working terribly hard.
Hoshiguma: That's our job. Nothing terrible about it.
Hoshiguma: ......
Fumizuki: What's wrong, Inspector Hoshiguma? You seem like there's still something you want to say.
Hoshiguma: Eh... nothing much.
Hoshiguma: Just thinking, the wind out here feels really nice.
Hoshiguma: Flooring down an accelerator sure does wonders for my mood.
Fumizuki: Quite right. Hear, hear!
Fumizuki: In times with just too much to try and do, it truly feels a lot better once you've taken in the breeze.
Fumizuki: Though that can't be all you wanted to say, can it?
Hoshiguma: Huh... I guess there's no hiding it from you, Madam.
Hoshiguma: I was just thinking—
Hoshiguma: The Stream-35LL Luminous Luxury parked downstairs from Master Wei for the last two days, even though he doesn't seem like the biking type. Sure enough, it was never his.
====================act15side_Invitation to Wine.xlsx====================
*Dad, why's there a knife on the wall?*
*That was my constant companion when I was young and begging for food.*
*So why's there an empty shelf under it?*
*That's reserved for an old elder of mine.*
*What happened to them?*
*We had a falling out.*
*Why?*
*Because...*
*It's early in the morning, and the weather's cloudy.*
*Along Yingfeng Road in Shangshu of Great Yan, sits an inn.*
*Not many establishments would call themselves an inn in modern Yan.*
*But this one has the most antique atmosphere, the finest wine and tea, and is the most cultured in all Shangshu.*
*Its sign is red with gold lettering.*
*'Xingyu.'*
Someone Innkeeper-esque: Ten jars of Husong, three jars of Yunliao, six jars of Guixing reserve... hmm...
Someone Innkeeper-esque: Liu, why are our numbers here so much lower than across the river?
Inn Assistant: Don't blame me! They went crazy with banquets at the start of the month. Of course they sold more than us!
Someone Innkeeper-esque: How much difference can a few parties make?
Inn Assistant: Aiyo wei! You don't even know the half of it.
Inn Assistant: You were out of Shangshu then. You don't know how ridiculous that hoo-hah was... Those two days of business could pay half a year's worth of bills, no exaggeration.
Inn Assistant: We were beating them for months, and those two days completely sunk us. You can't keep letting them make a fool of us, Mr. Zheng.
Inn Assistant: Remember, we were here first, and were the first to do it well. If you ask me the other places should be bowing to my old man here.
Inn Assistant: Don't be fooled into loving your grandkids while you forget your son here.
Innkeeper Zheng: What are you even blubbering about? Since when am I your old man? I haven't even said anything.
Inn Assistant: Yeah, and it'll be all over for me once you do.
Inn Assistant: It was just bad luck. If I were the one to meet those nobles...
Innkeeper Zheng: If it's just bad luck, then where's all your good luck to balance it out?
Inn Assistant: Gah! Nobles, nobles, where did all those nobles come from...?
Inn Assistant: We've always relied on word of mouth from our regulars, and you won't even do ads. If we could just invite a few pretty boys and girls to...
Innkeeper Zheng: (Glare) ...
Inn Assistant: You heard nothing. That was the wind just now.
Innkeeper Zheng: Running a restaurant-inn depends on customers with taste and connections, true. But what do you know about who's connected and who isn't?
Inn Assistant: If I knew, I'd be running the inn.
Innkeeper Zheng: Then sit tight and learn.
Innkeeper Zheng: Anyone with eyes can discern if someone rich, powerful, stylish, and wise, that's plain as day. So why can't you?
Inn Assistant: Erk...
Innkeeper Zheng: Whether you're a kung fu adventurer or a settled person, so long as you're alive you'll mingle with plenty of other people.
Innkeeper Zheng: So keep mingling, and you'll get a good eye for this. Knowing people, and knowing what they know, is what lets us live well.
Innkeeper Zheng: Meanwhile, you spend all day fiddling about, and run off to the mahjong parlors every night. What kind of future do you expect when...
Innkeeper Zheng: ......
Inn Assistant: Why'd you stop the lecture?
Innkeeper Zheng: Don't you see our two guests at the door?! Why aren't you greeting them?!
Inn Assistant: Aiyo... I completely missed them! Quick, quick, get them in! The first two customers of the day! Get them two plates of salted peanuts and a pot of chrysanthemum tea!
Lee: Might our luck be looking up?
Boatman: We are early. Let me treat you to dinner in Mr. Liang's stead.
Inn Assistant: Take a seat! Tea will be with you in a moment!
Lee: I thought we'd have made a beeline for his residence.
Boatman: Your 'friend' there is still a magistrate. Busy, in any case.
Lee: Busy enough to overlook a friend? Must be busy as can be.
Innkeeper Zheng: ......
Inn Assistant: (Sir, sir, what do you think, then? Are these two noble-types?)
Innkeeper Zheng: Pah.
Innkeeper Zheng: Don't ask, observe. You can't judge at first glance.
*Shangshu, where the winds blow high, and the clouds part to show off the moon.*
*The land was mountainous since times untold. Some would say the rugged terrain posed quite the obstacle to the nomadic city's development.*
*But the folk of Shangshu were loath to give up the land they'd dwelt in since antiquity, so they went to great pains to move mountains and fuse their city with the peaks.*
*Hence, unlike other cities, Shangshu's plates were distributed along the lines of the range, each perhaps hundreds or thousands of meters wide and utterly unique in their scenery.*
*How auspicious Shangshu's habitation must be that in recent years it has never once been struck by Catastrophe. Its people have built new towns in the mountains, and opened them up with ropeways and tunnels.*
*Furthermore, with the guidance of the Tumu Tianshi, a mountain range of particular renown was directly relocated onto the nomadic platforms, where...*
Kroos: Slow down mate, what's a Tumu... Tianshi? 'Heavenly Master of Earth and Wood'?
Mr. Nothing: You might be unaware, benefactor, but Yan has multiple bureaus of tianshi, Celestial Masters. Any student of the land even a mite accomplished at Originium Arts may apply to join, take layer upon layer of examination, and so serve the country.
Mr. Nothing: Originium Arts have a dizzying array of applications, and the science of Originium is developing by the day. The tianshi of Yan are naturally classified by profession and specialty—civil engineers, for example! The artists of earth and wood indeed.
Kroos: And here I thought cool titles like that would be reserved for Casters like Leizi—y'know, ones with crazy battle prowess.
Mr. Nothing: Would Leizi be that Yan official in Rhodes Island you mentioned before? My my, it may have been like that in the past, but times have changed. Now the welfare of the people comes first.
Mr. Nothing: Originium technology benefits the masses, and every tianshi of Yan's Ministry of Engineering pours their life's blood into researching Originium's Arts and testing new materials.
Kroos: Other countries couldn't dream of moving whole mountains onto nomadic cities, that's for sure...
Mr. Nothing: Indeed. While landscapes may soothe the soul, it certainly wouldn't be worth such monumental efforts if it broke the backs and the banks of the people in the process.
Mr. Nothing: Still, most of the credit belongs to the civil engineers of the tianshi who loved their home enough to put in the work. And moving mountains was easy compared to convincing the local villages and estates to agree to the project.
Mr. Nothing: Yan has an old proverb. It's a land that raises its people.
Mr. Nothing: A shame I can't speak much on Originium Arts, or else I'd have the same things on my mind as one of those nomadic city architects.
Kroos: Is everyone from Yan like this?
Mr. Nothing: It's these rivers and hills before us, see—
Mr. Nothing: The limitless sights. Early springs so tranquil you can hear the snowflakes land. There's a lasting charm about it.
Mr. Nothing: If you'd lived here since the cradle too, perhaps you'd think the same way.
Kroos: Maybe. Who can say?
Kroos: Phew—now that's refreshing.
Kroos: 'Where the winds blow high, and the clouds part to show off the moon.' I can see how it earned that.
Mr. Nothing: Within Shangshu lie the renowned 'Three Mounts and Seventeen Peaks,' and they draw plenty of tourists. Some foreign nobility even make the trip out here simply to admire them.
Mr. Nothing: Presumably the common folk owe it only to the pains of crossing the land that these landmarks aren't swarmed by such visitors coming in droves.
Kroos: There's a comfy breeze up here. I was worried it'd rain and delay us from heading up the mountains today.
Mr. Nothing: Quite right, benefactor. The spring breeze caresses one's cheeks, the drizzle falls finely, all silent and slick in the rain.
Kroos: Been meaning to ask, actually. You're a martial artist, right? So how'd you get so... bookish?
Mr. Nothing: My master often instructed us that practicing the martial arts hardly precludes the study of culture. Indeed, the arts come both martial and cultural. To learn them well is but the duty of the modern soul.
Mr. Nothing: Besides, the art of gab can be a gateway to making some money.
Mr. Nothing: Benefactor, what say we visit the nearest summit on the way? I hear more people have taken to the mountains these last two years; there's been quite the hubbub.
Kroos: Pass. We'll rest in the city for a day or two, wait for the sisters to meet up with us, and head on our way...
*Sigh* Never felt so bad about missing all the scenery on the way though.
Mr. Nothing: You've always been singularly devoted, benefactor. A mind only for the objective, not a whit more. And as proof of your conscientiousness, you never take a break.
Kroos: Never take breaks? Me?
Mr. Nothing: But of course!
Kroos: Whatever, flattery will get you nowhere. We're not going.
Mr. Nothing: Er, but you're merely taking me to the office for onboarding. Such a minor errand needn't be so urgent.
Mr. Nothing: And did I not hear Lava mention you undertook this journey intending a vacation? Surely nothing impedes you from a good tour of the scenery then?
*Sigh*.
Kroos: If only Lava were here... I'm not the only one who needs to sort out her head right now.
Mr. Nothing: Benefactor Lava just happened to be tasked with a sudden commission taking her a different way—I imagine she'll pass by scenery just as fine.
Kroos: I don't think she's the type to gawp at the view. Not in a million years.
Mr. Nothing: Haha, so she isn't.
Kroos: To be honest though, she wasn't always this way. Me neither, of course.
Mr. Nothing: You needn't brood, benefactor. Things change, we change. The world's affairs are inconstant.
Mr. Nothing: Let's hurry on our way, then.
Street Youth: Found them, Miss Du.
Miss Du: You sure?
Street Youth: No mistake. They came in at Zhengshan Crossing, and got to Yingfeng Road in Weichang District. He got someone reliable to come with him the whole way.
Miss Du: And the Lungmenite's carrying an antique little box on him, correct?
Street Youth: Yep. Clear as day.
Miss Du: If anything goes wrong, you're responsible.
Street Youth: You left this to us. We won't let it go wrong.
Miss Du: Good!
Miss Du: Then we're paying this buccaneer a visit in place of those yellow-bellied oldies!
====================act16d5_Who Is Real.xlsx====================
*Since ancient times, where virtue has taken its steps, vice has leapt a mile. Nature's catastrophes and humanity's calamities pain the common people to their ends.*
*But, as the sayings go, humanity's will conquers fate, and evil can never triumph over good.*
*You gallant saviors walk the cardinal winds; where found, you draw your arms to combat terrors on the weak. In all the writings new and old, how living still are such bright, flowing scholars?*
*Ah! As they say, 'fair the food, the wine, and the scenery, fair the people, their virtue, and their company,' we see those heroes looming out of time immemorial, each one a vast paragon of right.*
???: Yes, I see you two benefactors are wonders to your cores, paragons of right, and blessed with a seldom-seen heart of chivalry; surely you must be the hermits of a realm's highest honor?
???: Ohh, ohh, surely the firmaments took pity on me, spoke that my life shouldn't end here... When those fiendish brutes enter my mind, my rage at once just swells in crescendo! Yet while out of my senses, I charged headlong into their lair. I lament it came to that!
???: It's a blessing that you two luminaries rescued me, and only then I could escape intact. As the proverb goes, mere thanks pale before a mighty grace; the least I can offer to you benefactors is a divination... what do you think of that, as a mark of tribute?
Lava: ...Uh.
Lava: I guess if you could lemme read that divining magazine you have. Trying to pass the time right now...
*cough*! Ahahah, Ms. Lava, that would be your misconception. As they say, bare a person not by their faults, and strike them not to their looks—
Lava: Get to the point.
???: Ah, truly your insight is like a torch to the dark, Ms. Lava! It's just like the proverb goes; aid must be seen to the end, like boats are to shore. Though the two of you helped me fend off those things, I cannot hide it from you...
???: Truthfully, I've lost all my luggage. Mm, not just my rations and travel money, but my maps, tent, papers, changes of clothes and my beloved little teapot... yes, all lost.
???: After all, my whole carriage sank into the lake. Ahahahah.
Lava: ...You still have your fishing rod and fan, though? Are you really a Messenger?
???: Hahah. Hah. Er, truthfully, there's some things I'd like to keep to myself... I could never get a lie past you, so I'll just have to ask you treat me like I am.
Lava: So you're looking to go with us?
???: Indubitably!
Lava: Uh-huh...
???: Ohh, ohh, how could I be so blithe about your personal business? Really, I'm loath to continue inconveniencing my benefactors...
???: Only, three hundred li ahead is a village by the name of Ni-weng, rich in fine jade. There's a stage station there, and as long I have a simple chair to rest on, a bowl of loose tea and the chance to get my things sorted, I'll be back in the saddle, no more troubling anyone else!
Lava: I mean, going with us is fine, but... all the gloompincers are pretty aggroed right now. Really strong attacks, too. If you wanna go with us, we're gonna need to wait until they settle down first.
???: Oh my, oh my, I'm being such a bother to you all. I really am so sorry.
???: That said, why isn't our benefactor Kroos back yet? There's no shortage of those beasts. Are you sure she won't need our help?
Lava: If you could help, why'd you get chased this far out by the gloompincers? Just hold tight and wait.
???: Yet your great grace saving me demands recompense, stuff a pole apart. To stand by as my other benefactor braves further danger alone—I really find it hard to bear.
???: What about this! I have here a copy of a workout b... nay, a secret tome, its worth formidable, that improves your figure with striking efficacy! This shall be my repayment to the two of you!
Lava: Can you stop? Chill?
???: Most certainly.
???: ......
Lava: ......
???: ......
Lava: Fine. Stop sizing me up like that. Just ask what you wanna ask, I guess.
???: Ah. By your dress, you two benefactors wouldn't happen to be people of any nearby village, would you?
Lava: We're not.
???: To be forward, you're not people of Yan?
Lava: Nope.
???: Then from where do you hail? Higashi? Ursus? Possibly somewhere even farther, like knights journeying the compass? I've heard people of foreign lands always tend to have strange traditions like that. Is it true? False?
Lava: I'm not... I... ugh.
Lava: If I gotta say it, I'm a Victorian.
???: Uh... Victoria's, yeah, I hm, uh, know it well.
Lava: You have literally no idea where Victoria is, do you.
???: Ahahah. Foreign lands have foreign plans; only our masters in the cities would be so mindful of them. What use would we plain country folk have for ruminating?
???: It's just rare to see guests from afar. The way you speak the Yan tongue was decently suggestive of it, hence my curiosity.
Lava: (I kinda only looked into Yanese right before we left for... whatever.)
Lava: Oh, Kroos is back.
???: My, now, Ms. Kroos, Ms. Honorable Kroos, thank you, thank you dearly, are you hurt? Ought I give you a shoulder rub? A leg massage?
???: I have here a bottle of elixir, a panacea passed down for generations. Its price is, well, considerable, but in the face of you two benefactors, I'll bite my tongue. You can have it free of charge.
Lava: ...I thought you lost all your luggage?
???: I still have some fine goods on me; backup is what the wanderer's living demands. Ah, such is our way of life.
Lava: Fine, fine, just do you. Hey, how were things up ahead?
Kroos: Just a few poor li'l guys I helped find a new home. They settled right down after that.
Kroos: This way we can head on, right? We pass through that reed marsh, follow downstream, and then we've found the mountain?
???: Er, you helped rehome the gloompincers?
Lava: ...Either way, it's sorted now. We'd better get moving, chop-chop.
Lava: Kroos, this sad Messenger guy said he wants to go with us up to Ni-weng. No problems with that?
Kroos: No problemo. You're the captain this time, Lava, mate. What you say goes.
???: So you're the captain! My apologies, my apologies!
Kroos: My apologies, my apologies~
Lava: Don't make his racket worse...
Lava: Now that I mention it, I still haven't asked. What should I call you?
???: Me? I'm just a lilliputian Messenger; what necessity is my introduction to the stage? I'm sure you agree, ahahah—
Lava: Huh?
???: —But keeping the two of you forever in the dark would be quite unbecoming. Whatever next, ho! Mm... just call me... Mr. Nothing, then.
Lava: You just came up with that, didn't you!?
Mr. Nothing: Not at all, not at all! How could I!
Kroos: Hmm... that Ni-weng place. Isn't it at the foot of Mount Hui-ch'i?
Mr. Nothing: That it is, that it is! Dear benefactor, you're quite well-versed indeed to have heard word of a town so small!
Kroos: Then it's right on the way, isn't it!
Kroos: How about this, Mister Mr. Nothing? We'll escort you there, but once we've reached where we're aiming for, you'll need to help us out a little too.
Mr. Nothing: Not a problem! Not a problem! With my carriage in the lakebed and me waiting for a rescue team to fish it out, my plate is completely empty in the meanwhile.
Mr. Nothing: Ohh, ohh... Just as the proverb goes, a drop of kindness warrants a fountain of redress! That I should have the chance so soon to repay your graces in saving my life! Surely, the heavens have smiled upon me! They have smiled upon me!
Kroos: Ya know, that genuine manner with the teary voice reminds me of a certain someone who gets a chunk knocked out of her wages every couple of days.
Kroos: Alrighty. Cap'n, you decided?
Lava: You pick this moment to dump him on me?
Mr. Nothing: Benefactor! Oh, benefactor! I plead that you must give me this chance!
Lava: Uh... I've gotta admit having a local would be pretty handy. And Nian's info was ambiguous anyway, that son of a... I'm not familiar with Yan's geography or environment, and finding someone's actually been a bit of a challenge...
Lava: Ugh, why did Closure give her permission to do something this annoying?
Kroos: Because she's had a surprisingly productive mood recently.
Lava: Apart from playing mahjong and eating hotpot, what else has she done?
Kroos: Don't do her like that. If Nian knew that was how you saw her, she'd take it hard.
Lava: She's used to it. I'm used to her being used to it. I'm just complaining a bit about how she's giving us so much pain.
Mr. Nothing: ......
Lava: Uh... sorry. I should let you in the loop first, Mr. Nothing.
Mr. Nothing: Very well. Everything you say, rest assured I'll engrave into my flesh and soul. Three recitations before bed, three when I wake—
Lava: It's—it's not that big a deal...
Lava: Our mission's really simple. We're finding a single person.
*One month before*
*Rhodes Island Landship*
Nian: Yeah, um, long story short, I want you to bring my little sister back here for me.
Lava: Long story short my ass! You said basically nothing!
Nian: C'mon, I've explained it, haven't I?
Lava: 'I miss my family all the more on every festive day' counts as an explanation?!
Nian: Big sisters miss their li'l sisters as a matter of course. Isn't that ample reason? Your big sister yanks you around all the time, yeah? Don't you get it?
Lava: Drop that subject before you make me even less willing to help—
Lava: —Alright, even if your family's got special circumstances going on, we'd need a stupid huge amount of personnel and resources to get Rhodes Island deep into the heart of Yan.
Lava: There's no way Closure would just roll over and let this request through—
Nian: Yeah, she let it through.
Lava: ......
Nian: She didn't just let it through, she got Kroos to go with you too.
Nian: Look, c'mere, I'm betting Kroos wants to tour around Yan a bit. It's not half bad, and she's been scampering through one smoky hellscape after another. It's about time she took a vacation.
Lava: H—How did you get Closure to agree—?
Nian: Ah-hah. Don't look at me like I'm caught in the act. I really am doing it all for Rhodes Island this time.
*Sigh*... Did you mess with the Engineering Department again?
Nian: If giving them experimental materials worth millions counts as messing with them, then... guilty as charged.
Nian: Humanity seldom gets their hands on stuff like this. If everything goes smoothly, Rhodes Island from here on out will have first-rate, elite regular equipment to stand shoulder to shoulder with nations... if everything goes smoothly.
Lava: What the hell did you pull this time...?
Nian: Don't ask. Time will soon tell.
Nian: I've gone years without seeing my precious sister, Dusk. All you need to know is that name. Trust me, you'll know her when you see her, and I'll be counting on you.
Lava: Why don't you go yourself?
Nian: She's been hiding from me for years. Why would I need to do that to myself?
Lava: Fine. Even though it looks like you haven't been trying that hard...
Nian: Hey.
Lava: Since Closure gave it the go-ahead and all... uh... you remember to properly thank me afterwards.
Nian: Hey, now that's my li'l Lava... I didn't give your costume an upgrade for nothing.
Lava: Enough... just stop talking.
Nian: It's a little present for you.
Nian: Your costume for Ancient Forge. Didn't you actually love it?
Lava: Y—You're joking—
Nian: But you know I pretty clearly saw you spending half the day posing in front of the mirror?
Lava: Tch... go in my room without consent again, and I WILL send you out with a bang for real.
Nian: Alright, alright. You've been wearing that combat outfit for a while anyway. Even if you still can't cut open space with your daggers...
Lava: Th—That was a stupid edit you decided to make to the script afterwards!
Nian: Was it? But from when I came to Rhodes Island up till now, haven't you matured a heck of a lot? And you've been learning Arts from some real serious characters.
Nian: So in short, I leave it up to Kroos and you.
Nian: I'd better warn you just in case. She's... Dusk's no pushover. She can be a ridiculous pest. Just be prepared to deal with her, and I guarantee you'll go undefeated at mahjong afterwards.
*Sigh*...
Lava: ...Nian.
Lava: You've been hiding something from me, right?
Nian: Oh... if you think so, then what's the point in asking me?
Lava: Save it. I'm not gonna dig any deeper, anyway. You aren't like us, I can still tell that much.
Nian: Well, duh, where else could you find someone as terrifying as me? So?
Lava: Let me just tell you this. I'm willing to help you even though I know how much of a pain this is going to be.
Lava: So when it comes down to it, you're not going to cut corners on 'repaying' me.
Nian: Ho-ho, li'l Lava knows the art of haggling too. Tricky, tricky... alright! I've decided!
Lava: ...?
Nian: You drag Dusk back, and I'll grant any one request of yours. Anything goes. Such as... forging a divine weapon?
Nian: I've got six weapon concepts right now. I'm one short of seven. Any old one of them would be enough for you to leave your name in history.
Lava: Wh—What are they...?
Nian: They're badass.
Nian: Or maybe you'd wanna know some ancient stuff from ancient times... I could consider telling you guys. Not too many people should reasonably know about it, I guess, but if you—
Lava: Pass.
Nian: Hey—don't be so heartless. Haven't you been kinda impatient with me lately? Doesn't suit you, does it?
Nian: Oh, right, right, take this with you.
Lava: And this is?
Nian: Just treat it like... a sort of protective charm. After all, my sister's, well...
Mr. Nothing: Ohh, ohh... helping find your colleague's precious little sister, estranged for years, you traveled myriads far to this place of ours. Benefactors, surely enough, you are made of heroic stuff!
Mr. Nothing: I admire you! I cannot help but admire you!
Kroos: Uh... did we go that far?
Lava: No. We can already see Mount Hui-ch'i ahead... but it seems like it's getting late. What do we do?
Mr. Nothing: I'm in no rush, no rush at all. Benefactors, do as you do.
Lava: The address Nian gave me just says 'Outside Kou-wu City, near Mount Hui-ch'i.' Are there any other settlements around here?
Mr. Nothing: None! None for a thousand li around. Just Ni-weng Village all alone.
Kroos: Maybe she's living in the mountains... after all, she's the sister of Nian. I get the feeling she might.
Lava: ...What is it you think of her? Why do I get the feeling you're not being one bit polite to her?
Lava: Seeing as we don't have any further clues, it's your time to shine now.
Mr. Nothing: Verily! I know this area well... Don't gaze at me like that, I really do know it! When I was young, I'd frolic about this place come rain or shine!
Lava: Do you have any ideas?
Mr. Nothing: Ah, this I must proclaim clear to you two benefactors. If you wish to find someone in the villages surrounding Kou-wu City, you need only visit a teahouse, call out loud, and your friends and strangers alike will come rushing over.
Mr. Nothing: Give me one scant hour, and I'll be sure to find your—That's right, does the person you're looking for have any particular features? What's their name? What status do they hold?
Lava: ...She's called Dusk.
Lava: She's a painter.
Mr. Nothing: Benefactors, benefactors, I see it!
Lava: S—So it really was in the mountains... I'm beat... why do I feel like this mountain's a lot taller than it first looked?
Kroos: I'm not surprised.
Mr. Nothing: Well! So deep within the forests and hills, without water or electricity, she built herself a thatched cottage? Benefactors, your friend's sister truly has a mind for aesthetics.
Lava: ...I won't hide it, I'm starting to get a bad feeling about this already.
Kroos: But the scenery here's quality, I've gotta say. If she's a painter, I can imagine her here.
Kroos: Eh...? Lava? What'cha looking for?
Lava: The 'protective charm' from Nian. I only just realized she might've had another reason for giving it to me, and more than likely, it's not anything good.
Kroos: Could just... toss it, you know?
Lava: Kroos, you really are the one with the biggest complaints about her, aren't you?
Mr. Nothing: Benefactors, what if I go first and ask at the door? See if anyone's in? Perhaps we've been looking in error?
Lava: You don't need to do that. I just feel like we can't be reckless if we're meeting her sister. We need to prepare ourselves.
Lava: Let's go.
Lava: Hello, is anyone there?
Kroos: ......
Lava: Hello?
Mr. Nothing: I presume she's out on a walk?
Kroos: In the mountains?
Mr. Nothing: Yet you can see the water mottling this door, and the leaves have piled up dead. It doesn't give the air that anyone lives here... Should we try and knock?
Lava: Mm... Hello? Is anyone there?
====================act16side_Guide Ahead.xlsx====================
*The man steps into the room. The woman in the wheelchair utters not a word.*
*He tidies up the notes and documents scattered across the table.*
*He swaps the withered flowers in the vase out for fresh ones.*
*She continues reading her newly borrowed book, as if she takes no notice of him.*
*It is silent.*
*Perhaps because all there is to say has long since been said.*
*Or perhaps because it is not yet time for that which shouldn't be said.*
*Without warning, the man speaks.*
Wasting Man: She'll be back soon.
Quiet Woman: The Legati spent so long preparing for this meeting. Of course she will.
Quiet Woman: How long will you stay?
Wasting Man: Until I finish what I must do.
Wasting Man: For all I can accomplish here is the delivery of the Lateran people's souls.
Wasting Man: ......
Wasting Man: I should go.
Quiet Woman: Don't come back.
*The man stands silent for a while, before turning and leaving the room.*
*The woman pushes her wheelchair up to the window.*
*She opens it, and looks out.*
*She's watched the sun rise and set over Laterano countless times through this window frame.*
*The city is as noisy as ever tonight, the Laterans being strangers to both tranquility and exhaustion.*
*So what of tomorrow on?*
Cecelia: Mamma, drink some hot water.
Sickly Mother: Good girl, *cough* *cough*... Mamma's alright.
Cecelia: Mamma... I'll read you a storybook.
Sickly Mother: Cecelia, my darling Cecelia.
Sickly Mother: Mamma really hates to leave you.
Cecelia: Are you going to leave me, Mamma?
Sickly Mother: No, *cough* *cough*... Mamma's never, ever wanted... to leave you...
Sickly Mother: She's just got no choice...
Cecelia: Where are you going, Mamma? Can I go with you too? Is that okay?
Sickly Mother: You can't go where I'm about to go, Cecelia... It's very cold, very lonely, and so, so empty.
Cecelia: I'll go with you, I'll be with you so you won't be lonely.
Sickly Mother: ...I'm sorry, Cecelia.
Sickly Mother: Your childhood should have been so much more blessed...
Cecelia: I HAVE been blessed. With you, Mamma.
Sickly Mother: Cecelia... Cecelia. Listen now, listen.
Cecelia: I'm listening, Mamma.
Sickly Mother: I won't be able to look after you soon... Someone will come pick you up.
Sickly Mother: Go with him. He'll take you to Papà.
Sickly Mother: Papà will look after you for me, okay?
Cecelia: Can't you come with me? I bet Papà really wants to see you...
Sickly Mother: Mamma... has something important to do... So I can't go with you.
Sickly Mother: Once you see Papà, tell him that your Mamma really misses him too.
Sickly Mother: Also, tell him... I'm sorry. Okay?
Cecelia: Mamma, what are you sorry for?
Sickly Mother: Listen to me, listen to your Mamma, Cecelia!
Cecelia: I will, Mamma... Don't cry...
Sickly Mother: Cecelia, my poor Cecelia... Giving birth to you was the greatest blessing in my life. But what if you find it a lifelong curse... my child, my beloved daughter...
Sickly Mother: Who will bless you? Who can?
Sickly Mother: Cecelia, my darling Cecelia... Hide yourself. Don't let them find you...
Sickly Mother: Run away... leave Laterano...
*The mother holds her daughter's hands. Through her eyes flash myriad emotions, until finally all strength fades from them.*
*And they slowly, gently fall shut.*
Cecelia: Mamma...?
*The Sankta girl does not know what's happened.*
*When she notices her mother's hands have turned cold, she clasps them together against her own chest, hoping to provide some warmth to her.*
*There's a knock on the door.*
???: Executor Federico of the Laterano Notarial Hall, on official business. Please open the door.
Cheery Legatus: Sir, your check-in at the guesthouse has been taken care of.
Cheery Legatus: The rest of your day is completely free! Might not be a bad idea to have a look around. You seemed quite eager the whole way.
Columbian Magnate: Hmm—
Columbian Magnate: Lateran City has some very distinct architecture.
Cheery Legatus: You see? Wasn't it worth the trip?
Columbian Magnate: I suppose it was.
Columbian Magnate: What's the schedule for tomorrow?
Cheery Legatus: Your meeting with His Holiness the Apostle, our Pope, is all set, so I'll be returning to the Basilica now. I'll fetch you tomorrow when it's time to meet him.
Cheery Legatus: Please enjoy your stay in Laterano during the conference. No need to worry about expenses; it is our honor to host VIPs from the world over.
Columbian Magnate: The world over... *sigh* I sure don't see how gathering all these foreigners in one place is gonna get anything done.
Columbian Magnate: Still, how could I refuse such a generous invitation from His Holiness? Might as well take advantage of his hospitality while I'm here.
Cheery Legatus: Excellent, now if you'll excuse me. Feel free to take Laterano by storm.
Columbian Magnate: The architecture here sure is interesting. Columbia uses pillars like these too, but there're subtle differences...
Columbian Magnate: Hmm. Seeing as I'm here...
Columbian Magnate: Hm? What are they up to over there?
Brisk Lateran Citizen: All set up?
Sedate Lateran Citizen: I'm good. How's your end?
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Done. Ezell, have we dispersed everyone in the area?
Ezell: All the citizens likely to be directly affected, yes. Those in the secondary effect range are confirmed to be notified as well.
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Shall we get started then?
Ezell: Mm-hm... Current time is 10:22, on March 15th, 1099. The following act of demolition is carried out with Reserve Executor Ezell of the Notarial Hall as witness.
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Alright. Here goes, three—
Columbian Magnate: (What're those three Sankta doing standing around that pillar?)
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Two—
Columbian Magnate: You three are the only ones around here. What gives?
Brisk Lateran Citizen: One, fire!—Huh, where'd you come from?!
Ezell: ?!
Columbian Magnate: What?! What was that explosion?! ...Something's coming down!
Columbian Magnate: Save me, save me! Eeeek—!
Ezell: !
Ezell: I have to... what? The pillar's falling a lot slower now...
Columbian Magnate: Save—
???: Cram it.
Columbian Magnate: Eeek—
Columbian Magnate: Huff... huff...
Columbian Magnate: Th-That scared the skin off of me! What kind of crazy place is Laterano?! Whoever you are, Liberi, thank you for rescuing me.
Columbian Magnate: What's your name? Find me at the Columbian Provisional Association, and I'll return the favor.
Mostima: She's called Shimmering Vigil.
Shimmering Vigil: ......
Columbian Magnate: Shimmering Vigil...? Lateran names sure do sound silly sometimes...
Shimmering Vigil: That's not my name.
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Hi... you're okay, right?!
Sedate Lateran Citizen: Thanks, you two. That could've been a disaster.
Ezell: Thank you for your aid.
The Liberi Formerly Known As Shimmering Vigil: You're welcome.
Columbian Magnate: Say, what's going on here though? Bombings in the middle of the day? Don't tell me you have extremists sneaking in?
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Uh...
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Something's been on my mind.
Sedate Lateran Citizen: Go on.
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Do you think this pillar is absolutely perfectly positioned, or no?
Sedate Lateran Citizen: I would say so; it fully embodies Laterano's architectural aesthetics. So?
Brisk Lateran Citizen: So... I can't help but wanna see what would happen if we blew it up.
Sedate Lateran Citizen: Ahh—
Sedate? Lateran Citizen: I have to admit, it's a fine idea.
Brisk Lateran Citizen: But the conference is starting soon, right? I heard there'll be a lotta people from afar. I think His Holiness even said we should show some restraint for a while.
Sedate? Lateran Citizen: He did.
Sedate?? Lateran Citizen: However, he said 'show some restraint', not 'don't do anything'.
Brisk Lateran Citizen: I get that His Holiness is hoping to give the visitors a good impression. But, my dear friend, what do you say to my humblest of opinions? I think a 'good impression' must be based on reality.
Not Very Sedate Lateran Citizen: You couldn't be more correct, my friend.
Brisk Lateran Citizen: So, we filed with the Notarial Hall, got our executor here to witness for us, and evacuated everyone nearby...
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Before giving this beautiful pillar just the perfect blast...
Sedate Lateran Citizen: Except, we never expected you to show up right at that moment.
Brisk Lateran Citizen: We're so sorry, esteemed sir, for unwittingly doing you harm.
Columbian Magnate: You... set off an explosion on a nomadic city street? And filed with the government... for an official witness?! Were you... you Laterans always this... uninhibited?
The Liberi Formerly Known As Shimmering Vigil: Of course we abide by the Commandments and all relevant regulations.
The Liberi Formerly Known As Shimmering Vigil: But if it's not explicitly forbidden, anything's fair game. And Lateran City values and protects every citizen's rights.
Ezell: Don't worry, sir. Just your average everyday explosion, perfectly normal.
Columbian Magnate: What if someone gets hurt...?
Ezell: We know our limits. That said, I'd also like to extend my apologies to you for this accident.
Sedate Lateran Citizen: Truly sorry, sir.
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Maybe it hasn't quite sunk in for you yet, but believe me, stay long enough and you'll learn to love this city.
Columbian Magnate: Er... I think I can live without that sinking in.
Mostima: And there you have it.
Mostima: Welcome to Laterano, sir.
???: Tut-tut, if it isn't Mostima. Just what is her ability? Is she slowing down time, or merely tricking people into perceiving it that way?
???: It blows my mind every time.
Reserved Legatus: Oren, what's going on over there?
Oren: Not much, just a normal day in my lovely hometown.
Oren: Though I did get a better show than expected.
Reserved Legatus: The others are waiting for us.
Oren: I know. Let's go.
*The Legati.*
*A special Messenger division established under the auspices of the incumbent Pope.*
*Laterano had previously held a detached position, maintaining neutrality among the central powers.*
*As such, Lateran officials were sometimes tasked by foreign powers with relaying critical information between different parties in the course of diplomacy.*
*This role was normalized and institutionalized with the establishment of the Legatus system. They have become a special force moving between the nations.*
*With Laterano's absolute neutrality as a foundation, the Legati aim to promote the circulation of important information between countries.*
*1098: via the Legati, the Pope sends an invitation to all nations of Terra:*
*'Gather for a conference at Laterano. I invite every nation to dispatch its envoys for a discussion regarding our collective security.'*
*1099: the Legatus system celebrates its thirtieth anniversary.*
*In March of that year, Legati from all across Terra proceed for Laterano together with the envoys of numerous nations.*
Ezell: One of those two just now seemed a lot like a Pontifica Cohors, and the other... was that a Legatus?
Ezell: A strange combination.
Brisk Lateran Citizen: Ezell, are you gonna stick around now that your witness work's done?
Sedate Lateran Citizen: Don't worry, we'll rebuild the pillar as good as new, just like we wrote in our application.
Ezell: Good, I'll leave you to it then. I'll be going now, I've still got quite a bit on my plate.
Ezell: Er. Just to confirm, I'm looking for a will registered by someone who's... passed away?
Federico: ......
*A typical single woman's residence, with no trace of any other occupants.*
*In the bedroom, her body lies serenely. No signs of poisoning, no signs of violence.*
Federico: Federico here.
Federico: Female citizen's body discovered at 7-265 Via Thervatius, Pagus Stevonus.
Federico: Preliminary determination of the cause of death: natural. Please notify the Ecclesia Requietum of the pagus to come and inter the remains.
Federico: Preliminary search found no last will and testament. Please initiate new assignment: confirm deceased's identity, search for will according to any pre-registered information.
Federico: Federico out.
Cecelia: Mamma...
*Don't go out.*
*Don't let anyone else find you.*
*Never, ever approach anyone in uniform.*
*That's what Mamma said.*
*Is the uniform man gone? Or still here?*
*It's alright. When someone visits, just take a nap on your little sofa, just like always. You can go back to Mamma when you wake up.*
*Don't panic... Cecelia. Why are you so worried?*
*Why can't you fall asleep?*
*It's okay, it's okay... you just need to wait for the stranger to leave.*
*It'll all be alright when you're with Mamma again.*
Oren: Seems things went pretty well in Sargon, huh? They sent out a whole bunch of envoys.
Reluctant Legatus: Don't get me started. The pashas are all eager enough, but the problem is none of them can agree on anything.
Reluctant Legatus: I'm already thanking Heaven they haven't started brawling yet.
Oren: What about Kazimierz? Their military's sizeable, no matter how you slice it.
Calm Legatus: The Adeptus Sprawiedliwi turned down our proposal, but the K.G.C.C. was actually very interested.
Calm Legatus: One rep even sought me out.
Calm Legatus: We had a long chat... he understood the international situation as well as any Legatus.
Calm Legatus: He might even come in person, if he's not too busy.
Reluctant Legatus: But enough about us. How about you, Oren?
Oren: The situation in Victoria is anything but simple these days. I'm sure you've heard a thing or two.
Oren: Duke Gododdin and I get along fine, but... it's less that he doesn't want to appoint anyone to be here, and more that he CAN'T.
Oren: Everything's balanced on a knife's edge, more or less.
Reluctant Legatus: Yan didn't dispatch anyone either. Not that they didn't send a stream of gifts 'conveying our thanks to His Holiness'... How very Yanese of them.
Calm Legatus: Kjerag actually sent out a few, after rising to prominence these last two years... and every other nation's envoys are already here.
Reluctant Legatus: To be honest, I never imagined this job would go so smoothly.
Oren: Scared?
Reluctant Legatus: A little bit.
Oren: You haven't been a Legatus for too long, if I remember right.
Reluctant Legatus: Less than four years, I guess.
Oren: But our organization has been active for thirty years now.
Oren: After all our efforts, I'd say every last one of us has earned these results.
Oren: Besides, we're still a long way off from what we're hoping for—a true 'Summit of Nations', right?
Oren: We need more than envoys showing up in the Lateran Basilica audience hall. We need the people in power, the ones who can actually change things.
Oren: So save your nerves for the day we have to greet the big guns instead.
Reluctant Legatus: Thanks for putting it like that—now I've got no idea if I should be excited or terrified.
Velliv: I see you can't stop yourself from terrorizing the newbies, Oren.
Oren: You wound me.
Velliv: Nothing to get keyed up about, even if that day really comes.
Velliv: That's what we're qualified for, aren't we?
Oren: Maybe so.
Velliv: So, are the acting Legati of each region all present?
Reluctant Legatus: We're only missing Mostima.
Oren: Mostima? Ooh, I just happened to see her.
Velliv: What's she doing?
Oren: Right now? Taking in her native air again.
Velliv: Ah, forget her. We were never counting on her to come anyway.
Velliv: She can report to His Holiness last and we're good, just like always.
Apostolic Knight: Sanctitas advenit.
*In a split second, the hall is silent and still.*
*All of the Messengers' gazes lie on one spot.*
*The teacher of all Laterano, their guide, their spiritual leader—*
The Pope: Good morning, children. Have you had breakfast yet?
Pious Sister: Well?
Stoic Sister: No sign of external force. It was likely due to illness.
Pious Sister: A pitiable soul. May she not ail so on the other side.
Stoic Sister: Dimming Sankta, your remains shall be conferred unto the Ecclesia Requietum, where you shall rest.
Pious Sister: Here, this was hung on the bedroom wall. Hand it to a member of the Notarial Hall.
Cecelia: Why did they take Mamma away...?
Cecelia: What... do I do...?
*Cecelia casts her gaze to the entrance.*
*You can't go out, you can't be found... or else you'll be in danger, Cecelia.*
*That's what Mamma said.*
*But if Mamma got taken away, will she be in danger too?*
Mostima: Fiammetta...
Fiammetta: Wait, you're actually using my name for once? What gives?
Mostima: Aw, you don't like it? More a fan of 'Shimmering Vigil', then? Or do you want a new one?
Fiammetta: Fiammetta's fine, thanks. Seriously though, what is it?
Mostima: Say... my lovely coworkers should be in the Lateran Basilica right about now, no? Reminiscing about me, maybe?
Fiammetta: If you're aware, then maybe you should show your face for once.
Mostima: Nah, forget it, I'll never get used to the ambience in there.
Mostima: Besides, who'd want to see a living warning sign rock on in there? They'd just be uncomfortable.
Fiammetta: Since when do you care if other people are uncomfortable?
Mostima: I'm not so bored I'd make myself unwelcome just for fun.
Fiammetta: Objection: case in point. I'll admit you're enjoying being back here a lot more than I expected, though.
Mostima: Really?
Fiammetta: 'Welcome to Laterano' and all that.
Mostima: Ah, I think I'm just in high spirits. Probably from coming home after so long.
Fiammetta: Yeah right.
Mostima: Hahah, sure, whatever, let's go.
Fiammetta: Where to?
Mostima: To see her, of course.
Mostima: Oh, maybe she's in a different hospital now?
Fiammetta: It's been ages since the last time you returned, after all.
Fiammetta: Follow me.
Ezell: I haven't been to this pagus too often. It seems not too far from the outskirts... I should be nearly there, right? 7-265, Via Thervatius...
Ezell: Is that an... Ecclesia Requietum hearse stopped by that door?
Ezell: Hello? Excuse me, Sister!
Stoic Sister: Calm down, young executor.
Ezell: Have you finished the inspection already?
Pious Sister: Correct. There was a Sankta who departed us by illness.
Ezell: May I quickly verify the remains?
Ezell: Confirmation complete. The deceased is the homeowner Feoria La Porta.
Ezell: My assignment mentioned no will was discovered nearby. May I ask if you noticed anything resembling one during your inspection?
Stoic Sister: We did not. However, this is for you... the Notarial Hall would wish to reclaim it, correct?
Ezell: Is this... her patron firearm? Understood, I'll take it back with me. Thank you both.
Pious Sister: If you're done with the identity check and arms reclamation, please allow us to convey her to the Ecclesia Requietum.
Ezell: Ah, very well. Thank you for your time.
Ezell: Identity of the deceased confirmed. If I want to find any pre-registration of a will through the Notarial Hall system... Right, I can do a long-ranged search from my terminal...
Ezell: Census addresses... homeowners...
Ezell: Er, she didn't prepare a will?
Ezell: The diagnosis record states...
Ezell: Ah, given the illness, giving up on hospital treatment makes sense... but why wouldn't she leave a will...?
Ezell: Hm...? Is that a neighbor's child? Why is she hiding from me...?
Ezell: Watch out!
Ezell: Wha—did she faint? But why? She only tripped...
Ezell: Does anyone know who this child's parents are?! Does she live nearby?
Troubled Lateran Citizen: I've never seen her before. Is she passed out...? What if she bumped her head when she fell?
Composed Lateran Citizen: I've never seen her either. Maybe she just moved in? I can ask around at the neighborhood hall.
Ardent Lateran Citizen: What for?! If she's hit her head, then we need to get her to the hospital!
Ardent Lateran Citizen: You hurry and take her there, executor. We live just around here. If her parents come looking, we'll point them straight to the hospital to find you.
Ezell: Perfect, thank you all!
Lateran Citizen?: Grr... I didn't think Cecelia would run straight into a Notarial right outside her home...
Lateran Citizen?: What now, Patia?
Patia: What else? Follow them, make sure she's safe... and get her out of the Notarial Hall's hands!
====================act17d0_Operation Originium Dust.xlsx====================
Ash: We've arrived at Magnethill No. 2. Repeat, we've arrived at Magnethill No. 2.
Ash: Iana, Ela, report the situation on your end, over.
Ela: Business as usual. Just putting in the finishing touches.
Ela: Over.
Ash: Ela?
Ela: Iana, enemy incoming!
Iana: In position!
Iana: Gemini Replicator activated!
Ela: Mines deployed!
Ela: If the intel we got is correct, this should be the last batch!
Ela: We'll head towards you after we clean up over here!
Ela: Gówno!
Ela: Ela, ending communication!
Ash: So that's the situation...
Blitz: Just sit back and leave it to the Poles.
Blitz: I already hear the sound of Grzmot mines going off. They'll be just fine.
Ash: And you, Blitz, you're supposed to be doing your job. Namely, standing guard.
Blitz: Whatever you say, ma'am.
Ash: Pay attention to the meter's readout. The intel shows that there's nuclear waste sealed inside this building.
Ash: Frost, how far until our objective?
Frost: After we pass through the checkpoint and the storage room, the main laboratory should be right there.
Frost: The drones showed that the mercenaries set up some simple fortifications at and around the checkpoint.
Frost: No bunkers, no dead ends. The entrance has been sealed shut, and they've laid a lot of barbed wire all around.
Ash: Their numbers?
Frost: Nine. Their rough positions have been marked on the team terminal.
Frost: The entrance of the long corridor leading from the checkpoint into the storage room has been completely sealed, and the drones haven't been able to get in any farther.
Frost: Report complete.
Ash: Any other entrances?
Frost: None that I can see.
Ash: Okay, I'll take care of this.
Ash: Do you have any suggestions, Lord?
Tachanka: I still have some extra incendiary rounds. How many do you need?
Ash: Two should do.
Tachanka: Got it.
Ash: The checkpoint entrance's full of obstacles. Blow it up, and the rubble's just going to be in the way.
Ash: Here's the plan. We'll blast the ceiling and the wall on the right. One of us will rappel in from the top and provide cover fire. The rest of us will breach from the right side.
Ash: Frost, you're on cover fire and support.
Frost: Understood.
Ash: Once the charges go off, Tachanka, drop a grenade from up top. The rest of us will throw flashbangs at the designated locations.
Ash: On the ground, we'll head inside in this order: Blitz, Ash, Tachanka. Look alive out there. Don't let this opportunity slip away.
Ash: If you have any questions, it's now or never.
Ash: You all ready? Good. Take position.
Ash: Frost, on your mark, that's when we'll begin.
Frost: I'm heading to position.
Frost: Breach Charge is hot.
Blitz: Explosives ready to go.
Ash: Ready!
Frost: Flashbangs!
Tachanka: Throwing frag grenade! !
Ash: Move! Move! Move!!!
Frost: Enemy down!
Ash: Blitz, two o'clock!
Frost: Frag out!
Frost: Machine guns! Ten o'clock!
Tachanka: I'll provide cover fire. The rest of you, move up!
Ash: Firing Breaching Round!
Ash: Fortifications down!
Blitz: There goes the bad guys!
Frost: Three more! Straight ahead!
Frost: Two!
Ash: Clear!
Blitz: Clear!
Frost: Clear!
Tachanka: Clear!
Ash: Everybody okay?
Ash: Alright, let's keep moving.
Ash: Frost, watch our six!
Frost: Understood!
Ash: I'll open the door.
Ash: Blitz, stay alert. Tachanka, use the drone and check out the hallway and the storage room's status.
Tachanka: I am on it.
Ash: Sure.
Ash: How is it looking up ahead?
Tachanka: The storage room was filled with ammo and supplies. They had been stationed here for some time.
Tachanka: There are no hostiles in the storage room. Just black crystals on some petri dishes.
Ash: Is it a threat?
Tachanka: Hard to say.
Blitz: What's this stuff inside the cans?
Tachanka: Glowing mineral crystals. Never seen them before.
Ash: Minerals. Composites. As long as they are glowing, they might be radioactive.
Blitz: Don't worry. Geiger's not reacting to anything.
Ash: Then let's leave them be and go straight in.
Ash: Time's a wasting, team. Let's move.
Iana: Ash, this is Iana.
Iana: We have just taken care of the enemy, but they have blocked the corridor passage with a lot of obstacles.
Iana: We have to take a different route to the core, over.
Ash: We're about to head inside the main laboratory. I need you to come back us up ASAP, over.
Iana: Copy, Iana out.
Blitz: What now? Shall we wait for them?
Ash: No, time is pressing. Keep going.
Blitz: Up ahead is the main laboratory.
Ash: Get ready, we're going in.
Ash: Stay alert. Subdue the target when you have them in sight.
Ash: Look alive.
Ash: Go!
Blitz: There's no one here, just these strange machines.
Ash: Don't let your guard down. The lab equipment's running, which means the target is still here.
Tachanka: Then we need to head inside the real laboratory.
Tachanka: This here is the control room. You see the machines on the other side of that window? That's where the actual experiments happen.
Tachanka: Stay alert... We don't know how many hostiles we have here.
Levi: I see unwelcome friends will always invite themselves in.
Ash: (Target in sight. Hold your fire. )
Ash: (Give me a sitrep. )
Blitz: (Looks like we're the only ones here.)
Tachanka: (No other hostiles detected.)
Ash: Put your hands up, Dr. Levi. Move away from the terminal.
Levi: And here I was wondering how much longer it would take you to show up.
Levi: Did you take out my security detail? What a shame.
Levi: I cut them their last paycheck just yesterday.
Levi: Well, I ask you to be careful with the things here. They can be delicate.
Ash: Don't even try to do anything funny. This charade is over.
Levi: Over? My new experiment has just started.
Ash: Stop what you're doing... This is your last warning.
Levi: Hahahahaha, and what if I refuse?
Ash: ! !
Levi: What's the matter? Are you afraid of a senile, defenseless ordinary citizen?
Tachanka: You're hardly defenseless or ordinary.
Tachanka: You are the chief scientist of the Magnethill No. 2 laboratory, Levi Klitschko.
Ash: Stay away from the equipment. I know exactly what you're trying to do.
Ash: Blitz, cuff him.
Blitz: Understood.
Levi: I've got to hand it to you. Your team works fast.
Levi: But not fast enough.
Blitz: The reactor's activated! !
Frost: The black rocks are glowing!
Ash: Get it to stop.
Levi: I'm sorry, I'm afraid not.
Ash: Get it stopped! Right now!
Levi: Hahaha...
Levi: Hahahaha... Hahahahaha!
Levi: There's nothing you can do to stop it, but do feel free to fire your weapons.
Levi: This is my life's work.
Levi: If it wasn't for those shortsighted, useless morons getting in my way again and again...
Levi: I would've finished all of this twenty years ago.
Ash: You have no idea what you are doing.
Ash: The equipment in this lab is in disrepair, and you are creating a nuclear contamination disaster!
Levi: Of course I know what I am doing.
Levi: The road of exploratory science is a treacherous one.
Levi: Yet it's a road worth taking. Roads that lead to the truth are always worth taking.
Levi: All I am doing now is getting the results I should've had twenty years ago, and no one has the right to stop me.
Ela: Darn mercenaries...
Iana: You doing okay?
Ela: Uh, just complaining a little bit about the close miss just now.
Ela: We could've regrouped with the rest of the team at the main lab!
Iana: It's not too late.
Iana: The checkpoint's right ahead.
Ela: What's that sound?
Iana: ?!
Iana: An earthquake?
Ela: No, it's coming from the lab!
Ela: Get your Replicator ready. They might be in trouble.
Ela: Wh-What the hell's this? ! Where's everyone?
Iana: Wh-What happened?
Ela: No, where's the lab?
Ela: Where's the map? What's with this huge hole?
Iana: There's no problem with the map. The main lab should be behind this door.
Iana: The lab's... gone?
???: ...up... Wake... up.
???: Cohen, you okay?
???: Cohen?
???: Let me do it.
Ash: Erm...
???: Well, I'm impressed.
???: I'm just giving her pressure points a few presses to help patch her up.
???: That should do it.
Ash: Wh-What happened...?
Blitz: Alexsandr, she's awake!
Tachanka: Well done.
Frost: You doing okay, Cohen?
Ash: Where are we? ...What happened?
Tachanka: That's a good question.
Frost: ...After that madman activated his equipment, the whole lab was swept by a huge shockwave.
Ash: Where... are we?
Ash: Just where are we? !
Frost: No idea.
Frost: The target activated that weird device of his, and we all got knocked out by the blast.
Frost: And after we came around, well, this is it.
Frost: We don't have any signal, so we can't contact Ela and Iana.
Frost: The compass isn't working either.
Frost: The only thing I am sure about is we definitely aren't anywhere near the mission area.
Frost: It's hardly the most precise way to put it, but it's like we were... teleported... somewhere with the whole lab.
Ash: What?
Tachanka: She's right. It's like we were suddenly launched by a rocket to the moon and that's not a joke.
*Through a huge crack in the wall, all one can see outside the house is a desolate desert. As if the house had fallen from the sky to the desert.*
Ash: ......
Frost: Should I go on recon?
Ash: No, don't be hasty.
Frost: Understood.
Ash: If Levi Klitschko was swept by the shockwave too, he'd probably be in a similar situation.
Ash: We'll rest up first. I'll plan our next steps.
Tachanka: Good news first. The supplies for those mercenaries have been thrown in with us, so at least for a short time ammo won't be an issue.
Ash: What about the bad news?
Tachanka: The bad news is...
Ash: ...... And what is this sound?
Blitz: Eyes open! There's something outside coming toward us!
Blitz: It sounds like some sort of heavy machinery... but it's way too fast!
Tachanka: Let me have a look.
Tachanka: ......
Tachanka: ...... I can't believe my eyes.
*Profanity* We're in big trouble! Prepare for battle!
Blitz: What exactly did you see?
Tachanka: Have you ever seen an arthropod as big as a small car?
Blitz: What did you say?
Blitz: Oh, screw it!
Blitz: Now we see it.
Ash: Open fire! Fire at will! !
Ash: Blitz! Get back! !
Blitz: Ahhhh! !
Blitz: My shield!
Frost: Normal bullets aren't going to penetrate its husk!
Frost: If we let that thing tear the control room's wall down, it's all over for us! !
Tachanka: AP's effective!
Tachanka: But shooting its legs isn't stopping it!
Ash: Let it come in!
Tachanka: What?!
Ash: Cease fire!
Ash: Let it bring the wall down!
Frost: Blitz, you okay?
Blitz: I'm fine. It's just my shield's busted.
Blitz: It took a good bite out of the wall.
Blitz: Let's be sure to take its husk down when we get our payback.
Tachanka: Ash, quick! What's your plan?!
Ash: I'm not sure we can call it a plan, but it's the only choice we have.
Ash: Your ammo is the only thing we have that's doing any damage to that thing. Plus my breaching rounds, maybe.
Ash: And I have... one left.
Ash: We'll take him down the moment he breaches the wall.
Ash: Judging by the damage AP's done on that thing, the breaching round should take its leg down. Hopefully that'll give us a clean view of its underside.
Ash: After that, it's going to be all you.
Ash: If any of you has a better idea, I'm all ears.
Ash: Alright, time's up! Ready!
Tachanka: Reloading!
Tachanka: It's over.
Tachanka: What on earth is this!
Blitz: Ahh, finally time to take a breather.
Blitz: Phew——
Blitz: Man, that was close.
Blitz: Is this really Earth?
Blitz: Like, you know, the planet we all know about?
Ash: No reason to think otherwise.
Ash: But we need to prepare for the worst.
Ash: With the wall collapsed, we can't even use this place as shelter.
Ash: Let's get moving. At least until we find another place to hunker down.
====================act17side_Stultifera Navis.xlsx====================
*'Terra', 'the land', 'these lands', the nations 'across the world'.*
*These terms and the language around them flow in widespread use only because of how narrow they actually are.*
*Has there ever been some majestic language of the ancient past that could describe everything between heaven and earth? Where we put into words the 'everything' we might encounter in our day-to-day lives?*
*A grandiose term encompassing the earth, the sky, and even the seas of which the landbound nations know so little? A single word to narrate millennia of life's progress?*
*Where among the collective mind of mankind is such a word, Kal'tsit?*
Kal'tsit: I'm sure you know the answer yourself.
Prudent Elder: I know quite a bit myself, yet still I find myself asking, day after day. No man may truly escape the unknown, and the unknown will forever torment mankind.
Kal'tsit: ......
Kal'tsit: (Ancient Sarkaz language) 'Alma.' 'World.'
Prudent Elder: Hm. And here I thought you would go with the Sargonian word 'Alam'. The same idea, I think.
Prudent Elder: Yours was a Sarkaz language?
Kal'tsit: It was.
Prudent Elder: Strange. You're a Feline who calls herself a doctor, yet your first instinct is to use the devils' tongue.
Prudent Elder: Your identity is like the ever-changing clouds above the sea. Never content to remain the same.
Kal'tsit: Language will not change its essence for such trifles.
Prudent Elder: Language, hmm... Now look here, Kal'tsit. A well.
Prudent Elder: Do you know how to draw water from it? Do you know how the Iberians used these blue cornerstones to build their houses?
Kal'tsit: If the Iberian nobility hadn't let their pride go to their heads, the ocean would surely have made the nation an impenetrable fortress.
Kal'tsit: The well is deep, and we're very close to the shore.
Prudent Elder: Look. It hasn't yet dried up. There is a false sun inside.
Kal'tsit: We should be on our way, sir.
*The elderly man does not answer her. He simply picks up a small rock in silence.*
*The rock could not be more commonplace, with no particular reason to fiddle with. Yet, as though absorbed in the sensation of the sea breeze on his skin, he continues to gaze at the bottom of the well.*
*Kal'tsit doesn't push the issue. She silently waits for the man in front of her to answer. She sees that the clouds are moving. The winds are strong.*
Prudent Elder: There is no rush, Kal'tsit. There is no rush. We have ample time for rest... no matter the arrangements you've made.
Prudent Elder: If I dropped this rock into the well, how long would it take for us to hear the splash?
Kal'tsit: About five to six seconds.
Prudent Elder: Even the most simple Iberian knows how to make use of the sea. Knowledge that went into this deep coastal well.
Kal'tsit: And yet, a Victorian farmer or Columbian worker might not even know what the vast sea looks like.
Prudent Elder: Hmm... Kal'tsit, how many questions have I asked you on our journey so far?
*The old man holds his arm out, the rock still in his palm. Then he lets go, sending it tumbling downward.*
*Despite its rapid descent, the two of them lock their eyes onto it. Yet without adequate sunlight, they soon find themselves unable to follow its trek into the depths.*
*It has been two, perhaps three seconds. Nothing but silence shrouds the two of them. Even the wind has come to a halt.*
*How quiet, Kal'tsit thinks to herself. How quiet indeed.*
*Plop*
*The quiet sound echoes through the well's walls, as though reminding them that, in that brief moment lasting but a few seconds, all the lands are still.*
Kal'tsit: One hundred twenty-three. Quite a bewitching number.
Prudent Elder: One hundred twenty-three questions, over one hundred twenty-three years. The Inquisition boasts not a single Inquisitor older than me.
Prudent Elder: Most have died in battle, a few of old age, and even fewer gave in to cowardice during their endless ordeal. It did not end very well for them.
Prudent Elder: I've experienced all there is of Iberia. I've seen its fleets setting sail, and heard the Victorian envoys quivering.
Prudent Elder: It was a rude awakening when the Profound Silence destroyed our nation. My countrymen are still drowning in their hatred for the disaster, and confused over the loss of their dream.
Kal'tsit: Liberi don't live long lives. Even the Liberi Elders, the oldest and healthiest of them, are unable to shoulder Iberia's present calamity.
Kal'tsit: Your age is a miracle. One forged by the Inquisition, and which also grants you an unprecedented sense of devotion.
Kal'tsit: In that era, when both glory and ideology began to crumble, you and the earliest Inquisition members were revered as 'Saints.'
Prudent Elder: 'Saints.' A title for those who once served as a guiding beacon for mankind. But just like firewood, it's become nothing but ashes.
Prudent Elder: I've watched the seasons cycle by a full hundred and twenty-three times, yet it seems only the cold winters have left their mark on me. I've seen so many truths with my own eyes, yet can never recall the sight of spring.
Prudent Elder: Kal'tsit...
Kal'tsit: Yes?
*The look in the old man's eyes changes.*
*Faith is a language, and prayers can pave roads. At this very moment, the nation of Iberia, or perhaps an existence beyond that, is caressing its chin, examining the wind speed.*
Prudent Elder: So far, I've lived one hundred twenty-three years. I've asked you one hundred twenty-three questions, based on my personal experiences.
Prudent Elder: Nonetheless, you answered each and every one. You know everything that I know.
Prudent Elder: Man is making progress, and new secrets will forever emerge, yet our knowledge will never be able to overcome that wall we call 'the known.'
Prudent Elder: Regardless, the enemy we face belongs to the other side of that wall, in the dark forest that lies beyond.
Prudent Elder: And you, Kal'tsit. Do you belong to our side of the wall... or to the depths of that forest?
Kal'tsit: That is up to you.
Prudent Elder: Hoh... You might even know the number of leaves on its trees. What a terrifying woman.
Prudent Elder: Make no mistake, the saints of Iberia remain the pinnacle that humanity can reach. Yet you've exceeded that, marking you as inhuman.
Prudent Elder: Perhaps you've extended your life with special Arts, perhaps you've inherited some kind of ancient identity, or perhaps you possess a soul that had great ambitions.
Kal'tsit: ......
Prudent Elder: Even if our faith is only a lie built atop ideology, we nevertheless once held onto it firmly. What is truly saddening, though, is that when old age finally bests us all, we will have not yet managed to solve our problems.
Prudent Elder: While those of us who have bested old age—via Originium Arts or other means—will only come to fear endless suffering at the hands of our enemies.
Kal'tsit: When did Ægir become such an unknown terror to Iberia?
Prudent Elder: How could an unarmed child so easily accept the help of a stranger brandishing a weapon?
Kal'tsit: What if that child were about to drown?
Prudent Elder: Then we would still require proof. Is Ægir's current situation really as you say? Can the Seaborn and their source truly be defeated?
Prudent Elder: If you cannot back up these claims, then Iberia will not trust you. I will not trust you.
Prudent Elder: Before I die, you... you must all prove it to Iberia.
Prudent Elder: Otherwise, the seawater will quench the flame of civilization. Before the other nations can prepare, they will swarm past Iberia... and tear this 'world' apart.
Prudent Elder: Perhaps this too—the refutation of Terran civilization—is itself a part of their survival-of-the-fittest mindset.
Kal'tsit: Or perhaps there is nothing inherently different between us and them.
Dan: A seaside town, huh? Relaxed, but gloomy. Quiet, but bustling. A lively place, but with danger and mystery around every corner.
Dan: Just the place to get us in that creative groove!
Dan: What do you girls say?
Frost: (Riffs lightheartedly)
Aya: The shore's got an unsettling vibe. I can already smell all that stuff I'd rather not.
Aya: I really don't think we should be visiting the waterfront so carelessly.
Alty: Does it matter, if we can find inspiration? C'mon, look how fired up about it Dan is.
Frost: (Riffs depressingly)
Dan: Time to find our muse!
Alty: Right... It's a good chance.
Aya: I can't believe we're actually looking to that messed up ocean for inspiration now.
Dan: Yeah, which is exactly why it's a fresh new vibe!
Alty: Took the words outta my mouth.
Frost: (Riffs in agreement)
Aya: Well, should we split up, then? I can take our luggage to the hotel on my own.
Dan: Alright! I'll be checking stuff out over there.
Alty: All by yourself?
Aya: I'm glad SOMEONE's worrying. Just don't forget we're playing with fire here.
Frost: So where's the hotel?
Dan: That reminds me, how did a small town like this get itself a hotel anyway? Do people even come here?
Aya: They need to make a living somehow.
Alty: Right. No living, no music.
Frost: (Riffs)
Aya: The sea...
Aya: We're back.
Jordi: Excuse me... can I get past?
Elysium: Oh, sure, no problem.
Jordi: Have you been sitting in the chapel again, Mr... uhh...?
Elysium: Elysium.
Jordi: Sorry... We've even run into each other several times already.
Elysium: Don't worry about it. The name 'Elysium' isn't very common here.
Elysium: Actually, someone as smoking hot as me has gotta be a rare sight in Iberia to begin with, right?
Jordi: Uhh...
Jordi: I don't know about that... but someone as confident as you, maybe.
Elysium: Right...
Elysium: It took spending some time here to realize that the place that I always called home doesn't really feel like home.
Jordi: Are you still waiting for someone here, Mr. Elysium? It's already been several days, hasn't it?
Elysium: Haha, not like I have a choice. That's just how things are in my line of work. Besides, I'd rather hang out in comfort here than that in primeval forest infested with bugs and Originium.
Jordi: You're from outside then?
Elysium: Oh, you can tell? Is it because of the vibe I give off?
Jordi: Actually... uh... I guess you could say that?
Elysium: What do you mean?
Jordi: Like... the way you dress?
Elysium: You know your stuff.
Jordi: Gran Faro doesn't see a lot of visitors... There's not a lot of folks here, so everyone in town knows everyone else.
Jordi: Besides... What with how close to the sea we are, not a lot of Liberi are willing to talk to Ægir these days.
Jordi: Especially after the Inquisition started showing up more often.
Elysium: Right...
Elysium: I get you. I've been through similar stuff plenty of times.
Jordi: Does this happen in other Iberian cities, too? Like in those prosperous ones I hear about in the rumors?
Elysium: Not just in Iberia, kid. The way I see it, it's pretty much the same no matter where you go. Life's tough everywhere.
Elysium: But I gotta say, some of the Ægirs I've met are a real handful. Just thinking about 'em gives me a headache. Wish I could beam all my common sense straight into their brains.
Elysium: Which makes you pretty easy to get along with, by comparison.
Jordi: Uhh...
Elysium: Okay, now THAT's a face asking who'd ever want the common sense of a guy like me.
Jordi: N-No it's not!
Elysium: Sure, I look like an unemployed bum lazing about here 24-7, but I've actually come a loooong way and been through waaaaay too much.
Jordi: So... you're an explorer, then? What's life like for the Ægir in other places?
Elysium: Haha...
Elysium: Not too bad.
Elysium: Not too bad...
???: Mayor Thiago... You needn't come here every day.
Thiago: I've been hearing some bad rumors lately. I'm worried about you guys, Amaia.
Amaia: Bad rumors... You mean about the cultists?
Amaia: But we're not just close to the sea, we're close to the Inquisition too, and the very heart of Iberia.
Amaia: So how could there possibly be cultists here?
Thiago: Who knows? Happens all the time in coastal towns though. Hardly peculiar at all.
Thiago: Also... I heard someone saw a monster on the shore.
Amaia: Did Old Pedri tell you that?
Amaia: You know the kind of nonsense he goes on about when he hasn't had his drink.
Thiago: ......
Amaia: You're a kind man, Thiago. I'm sure you're just worried about Jordi, the boy who works at the chapel.
Thiago: I... I'm not a very sophisticated one though. Maybe you can put me at ease... help me sleep better at night.
Thiago: These rumors are just rumors, right? The ghost ship, the cultists, the sea monsters?
Amaia: The Inquisition hasn't let us go out to sea in a long, long time.
Thiago: Right. Can't even remember how long... Eighty-four years? Eighty-five?
Amaia: Try fifty or sixty. The Profound Silence happened in 1038.
Amaia: Have you really been trapped on land for so long, in your memories? You aren't even that old. Have you been a prisoner of this place since before you were born?
Thiago: If living in poverty counts as imprisonment, then yes, I've been a prisoner for a long, long time.
Thiago: I haven't so much as looked at the sea since Marin died. I loathe it.
Amaia: But you're not worried about the gossip, are you? You're worried about the Inquisition. And even more so about the Penal Battalion coming here to take away all the Ægirs.
Thiago: ......
*Sigh*, poor Thiago...
Amaia: The Inquisition snuffed out the love of your life, an Ægir woman. Your anger and resentment is perfectly understandable, but be careful what you say. For everyone's sake.
Thiago: ...Maybe you're right.
Thiago: Okay, I'll be careful. You always know more than the rest of us, anyway. So what've you been up to lately?
Amaia: The same old. Doing my job as a third-rate translator in this frighteningly laidback seaside town.
Amaia: That said, it's been months since a Messenger stopped by. All my drafts have been piling up, and it's giving me a headache.
*Sigh*... Translation! I've never even set foot outside this small town my whole life. Anything besides Iberian may as well be gibberish to me.
Amaia: Hm, it's getting late.
Thiago: Right, Jordi should be off work soon. I only hope that the Inquisition isn't gonna give the lad any trouble over that gossip, these next few days.
Thiago: I'll see you later.
Amaia: Be safe, Mayor Thiago.
Amaia: ...Cultists. Hm.
Amaia: ......
*The young woman named Amaia ponders for a moment before turning her mind back to the papers, as always.*
*Ursine novels, Kazimierzian biographies, Leithanian poetry... even Sargonian folk tales.*
*All the lands of Terra lie before her as a thick pile of literature, each word waiting to be deciphered in a solemn, orderly manner.*
*The air is extraordinarily humid. She can't help but pinch the corner of the page.*
Amaia: The sensation of the sea...
Amaia: 'The waves continue to accelerate, and the winds are frightened. The corals line the sky, painting it a neon shade.'
Amaia: 'We will come to detest ourselves for not having wings.'
Elysium: Are you finished with your work?
Jordi: Ah, uh... yes.
Jordi: As you can see, the chapel doesn't see a lot of visitors. I mostly just keep the place tidy.
Jordi: Are you still waiting today?
Elysium: Yeah. They should've been here by last week, but my superior did warn me that they're a weird bunch. So I guess being late is normal enough.
Jordi: Still, it's hard to call that a good thing. But why would anyone choose to meet up in Gran Faro of all places?
Elysium: Strange, right? I thought so, too. That's why I volunteered for the job when Misery brought it up.
Elysium: Not that I expected to waste a whole month here. That's a hell of a long time to be on standby.
Jordi: But... normally the Inquisition wouldn't have let outsiders like you in at all.
Elysium: Because of how close it is to their command center?
Elysium: Or... because it's close to the sea?
Jordi: Maybe both.
Elysium: I see...
Jordi: So how did you make it here? I haven't traveled much, but even I can tell that Gran Faro is a backwater...
Elysium: If you really wanna know, I could use someone to chat with. I'm dying of boredom over here.
Jordi: Then if it's not too much trouble— Oh!
Jordi: Sorry, I didn't realize it was so late. Uncle Thiago is waiting. I should head back to make dinner.
Elysium: Family?
Jordi: Uh... Something like that. He's the one who raised me.
Elysium: Look, you don't have to be such a doormat just because you're an Ægir. When someone's kind to you, try to be more positive.
Jordi: Uh, thanks... Mr. Elysium.
*Gran Faro. It means 'the great lighthouse' in an ancient Iberian tongue.*
*Lighthouses once shone upon ships both large and small, and served as homes for all seamen to return to.*
*Many souls dwelled beneath the reefs, until the ships fell in love with the ocean, accepting its embrace and facing their own destruction.*
Jordi: (Amaia? Where is she going... Hm?)
Jordi: (Some sort of commotion up ahead? That's unusual. What's going on?)
Alty: Where are you heading?
Dan: The chapel! Peeps here shouldn't be using their hands to pray, they should learn to drum instead!
Aya: This square is the center of the town. Everything's built around it.
Frost: A sculpture of a lighthouse.
Frost: A guiding landmark to the sea... and the town.
Dan: What a lame analogy!
Passing Townsperson: What a bunch of weirdos. Let's not get too close.
Spectating Townsperson: Didn't Old Pedri mention something like this before?
Passing Townsperson: Don't get involved, lest the Inquisition take you away.
Passing Townsperson: Sheesh, why are there all these outsiders lately? The Inquisition just doesn't care anymore, huh?
Jordi: (I haven't seen any of them before... Look at the way they're dressed... Are they musicians?)
Jordi: (Er, is she looking at me?)
Aya: ......
Jordi: H-Hello?
Aya: In the past, I wouldn't have batted an eye at seeing an Ægir near the coast, but it sure is a rare sight these days.
Aya: Do you know what's going on here?
Jordi: W-What?
Aya: Oh, you wouldn't, huh? You aren't a child of the sea. You're land-born.
*Sigh*... Not that that's much of a surprise. Jeez.
Alty: Aya, over here!
Aya: Coming!
Aya: Oh, right... you... hmm...
Jordi: I-Is something the matter?
Aya: Do you know what that sculpture is of? And do all the locals know?
Jordi: Yes... It's a lighthouse. Apparently, they needed a lot of people to work on it way back when, and many of the workers' families ended up staying here.
Aya: Like yours?
Jordi: Uh... Yes. I still keep some relics from that era back home. Like, blueprints and pictures.
Aya: Yep... lighthouses. Iberian lighthouses. In a country on the land. That's kinda funny.
Aya: Anyway, the scent doesn't seem to be coming from you. Alright, then, you be extra careful.
Jordi: I've never seen those people... Are those instruments?
Jordi: Maybe they're the ones Mr. Elysium has been waiting for?
Thiago: Jordi.
Jordi: Oh, Uncle Thiago. Sorry. I should've come back sooner—
Thiago: Don't you get involved with them. I didn't see ears OR tails, and no feathers either. They might be Ægirs.
Jordi: I—
Thiago: Jordi, my boy. You know I don't have anything against the Ægir, but remember what everyone's been saying lately.
Thiago: Don't get too involved with these outsiders. If you see an Ægir near the sea and there's no one from the Inquisition or Penal Battalion around, then they gotta be trouble.
Thiago: I don't think they're bad people, but the Inquisition might not see things the same way, so... I'm sorry. I just don't want to see them take you away. Be a good boy and listen.
Jordi: I get it. You don't have to apologize.
Jordi: I get it...
Kal'tsit: I didn't expect you to agree so quickly.
Saint Carmen: I know of the events in Sal Viento, with the three Abyssal Hunters. Irene always writes the most detailed reports, after all.
Saint Carmen: And above all, I know that if you meant Iberia harm, you had other, much simpler options.
Saint Carmen: The Abyssal Hunters... Suppose they are as strong and swift as the report suggests. The three of them are still controllable by the Inquisition.
Saint Carmen: We retain the authority to sentence them to death. The only reason they are still allowed to walk Iberian lands is thanks to my curiosity towards your so-called truth.
Kal'tsit: I can't help but wonder if Iberia's current predicament is a result of its pride, then.
Saint Carmen: The truth is that no one knows pride better than us. Pride is like the shadow always lurking behind every man.
Saint Carmen: The two inquisitors with whom you're acquainted have already received orders. Should the need arise, they will appear before us.
Saint Carmen: It seems we have a few unidentified Ægirs in Gran Faro as well. You never mentioned them.
Saint Carmen: Who are they?
Kal'tsit: They aren't Ægir.
Saint Carmen: ......
Saint Carmen: Iberia is rarely mentioned in the historical record, but that doesn’t mean our history is short. At the height of our prosperity, we crossed the entire continent, advancing troops to even Bolívar.
Saint Carmen: Both coin and knowledge flooded into our cities like streams pouring into a valley from a high cliff. Those glorious waterfalls roared so deafeningly loud that they could overcome even the waves of the sea.
Saint Carmen: (Sargonian) Those beings that arose... or rather, the 'Feranmut.'
Saint Carmen: Perhaps it is them that I should keep an eye on. They show no signs of hostility, yet they keep me on edge... Maybe they once belonged to the sea.
Saint Carmen: Kal'tsit, you are the doctor here. Could you do the Inquisition a favor?
Kal'tsit: ...Ask away.
Saint Carmen: The Inquisition's command center is very close to the coastline. We are prepared to face destruction at any moment.
Saint Carmen: But I need you, an outsider, to be our eyes, gazing forward.
Kal'tsit: Seeing as we're in the same boat, I have no reason to refuse.
Saint Carmen: Please, Doctor, spare me the mysteriousness your long life has earned you. Show us where the evil that lurks within us sleeps.
Kal'tsit: I'll take that as a compliment... and it would be my honor.
Skadi: Gladiia.
Gladiia: Our brief time together has you addressing me differently. On that point alone, you are quite different from before.
Skadi: Captain, I have a question.
Gladiia: We've already shared all the information we have, in the time since we left that reeking coast.
Skadi: Not all of it.
Skadi: We alone are more than enough. I don't understand why we must also bring—
Gladiia: Look at her now. This is how she once was.
Gladiia: I looked into all her treatment records at Rhodes Island... You've never seen her this quiet before either, have you?
Gladiia: Don't you want to help her?
Skadi: And this will help?
Gladiia: Perhaps.
Gladiia: She alone can defeat her illusions. She is her own key. She can break through the results of those filthy experiments. She's Laurentina, after all.
Gladiia: But until then, we need to prepare a warm bed for her.
Specter?: ......
Skadi: It was only for a short while, but she woke up... Even so, I stared at her like that.
Gladiia: Don't be so sentimental. We aren't her. If she doesn't mind the way she is, we have no right to meddle in it.
Skadi: You trust Dr. Kal'tsit more than I thought you would.
Gladiia: Maybe. She willingly stayed in Iberia and created this opportunity for us. I was surprised. And I have to thank her.
Gladiia: I can only hope it all goes well for her.
Elysium: Look at the time.
Elysium: Guess it's not happening today either. And here I thought I'd get to see them sooner or later just by waiting in the most conspicuous building in town.
Elysium: This really is such an uneventful place, though. If I'd known it'd be so boring here, I would've brought along a few more books from Rhodes Island—
Alty: —A Lateran chapel! And in such a great shape, even right next to the sea! Unbelievable! This place's style really has a different vibe, though.
Alty: I mean, as long as there are Laterans in chapels, we can jam whenever, but this place just feels so gloomy... Hm?
Elysium: Ahh—
Elysium: —Alty?!
Thiago: You'd best stay away from the sea, Jordi. The chapel is clean and safe. Just stay there.
Thiago: Don't worry about anything else. Not a lot of the young ones came back this year. Most who left looked for ways to move to the big cities. And now we rely on the Inquisition's handouts to get by.
Thiago: You should think about what I said and leave this place. The folks here are the families of the workmen who gathered here to maintain the lighthouse in the past, but times have changed. This place will be abandoned sooner or later.
Thiago: Jordi?
Jordi: I'm listening, Uncle.
Jordi: It's just... where can an Ægir go?
Thiago: Amaia told me that there are places outside, in other parts of Iberia, where they aren't so harsh on the Ægir.
Jordi: But I'll need to find a home for myself eventually. I need resources, connections. I... can't make a decision that easily.
Jordi: I... I'm not ready yet.
Thiago: ...If you say so.
Thiago: Right, Amaia gave me another book, one she translated herself. Not like I'd understand it anyway, though. Take it with you to kill time over in the chapel.
Jordi: Okay.
*Jordi walks down the street quietly.*
*Seeing the old man in front of him hunching over more and more, he can't help but think back to how he looked just last year.*
*As if to prove how time slowly overtakes us all, senility is always silent. From the moment you wake up to when you fall asleep, every second is like a gasp for air.*
*But Jordi never complained. He's used to this life, after all.*
Jordi: Uncle...
Thiago: Hmm?
Jordi: I'm pretty happy with my life right now. I get to help out at the chapel. Sometimes I help take care of the children, and sometimes I help patch up the injured workmen.
Jordi: I even got to know that Liberi who came from out of town the other day. He's so different from everyone else. He said his name is Elysium. You don't have to worry about me.
Jordi: It's been a long time since the Inquisition came to town. We don't always have to be so nervous.
Thiago: That's not a chapel, lad. It's a sentry post. The Inquisition set it up to keep their eyes on us, back when we were still trying to repair the lighthouse.
Thiago: But now that the coastline is peaceful and the work on the Eye of Iberia is shelved, of course the Inquisition doesn't give a toss about us anymore.
Thiago: Still, to be fair, the Inquisition isn't completely useless. Only they can stop those...
Jordi: Those...?
Thiago: Nothing, lad. Just a few rumors going around among the workmen.
Jordi: Rumors, hm...
Thiago: Lad?
Jordi: ......
Jordi: H-Here...?
Jordi: What exactly is that...? Should I let Uncle Thiago know...?
Jordi: —!
Sea Monster: —
Thiago: Something bothering you, lad?
Jordi: No, it's nothing.
Jordi: Uncle... Just what is there out at sea?
====================act18d0_A Walk in the Dust.xlsx====================
*Modern Day*
*2:48 P.M. \ Clear*
*Central Sargon, Ibut Region, Nameless Town*
Heavyrain: ......
Heavyrain: No-one here. (We still haven't seen a trace of them. Did they get caught up in something...?)
Sesa: Strange. This is exactly where we agreed to meet up, right?
Heavyrain: Our coordinates check out.
Sesa: We can't rule out a sandstorm. Let's stay calm.
Heavyrain: Sesa... this isn't good.
Sesa: Hey, now. They're not here yet, but what good is it being so grim? Are we just going to have a staring contest?
Heavyrain: Now's not the time for video games, though. Why did you bring that along?
Sesa: Not important—
Heavyrain: Something must be wrong. We should've at least gotten contact at a set time.
Sesa: ......
Heavyrain: Shouldn't we do something or other?
Sesa: Don't worry so much. What can we even do? The best plan is to just sit tight here, and wait for an answer.
Heavyrain: But... it's been too long.
Heavyrain: Hold on, there's—
???: (Sargonian) Good morning.
Sesa: Heavyrain! Cool it!
Heavyrain: Hmph—
Heavyrain: S—Sorry, I struck on reflex...
???: (Sargonian) Oh, your looks deceive. You're quite the quick-tempered girl. This will only damage your first impressions, though...
???: (Sargonian) This is the Reefsteep Black Market, and we're all in business here. I trust we have words for each other, so no need for an armed conversation, yes?
Sesa: (Sargonian) What day is today? Why would the 'Sand Soldier' be here?
'Sand Soldier': (Sargonian) Oh, you recognize me?
Sesa: (Sargonian) The head intel peddler of the Reefsteep market, the puppeteer of the vast majority of all armed conflicts in Ibut, styled by the locals as 'Zuzu.'
Sesa: (Sargonian) In ancient tongue, it entailed a charm, or perhaps a talisman—
Sesa: (Sargonian) —but I know what lies behind your new name, 'Sand Soldier.' What's a major player like you up to here?
'Sand Soldier': (Sargonian) Let's not get ahead of ourselves, I just wanted to have a chat with you two. With... er, Rhodes Island.
'Sand Soldier': (Sargonian) Or perhaps... I've disrupted your original itinerary?
Heavyrain: ......!
Heavyrain: (Sargonian) ...Where are our Operators?
'Sand Soldier': Oh... so you're from Sargon too, then. Good. Then let's get right to the point.
'Sand Soldier': Your Operators are safe and sound. Your batch of experimental medical material... also untouched.
Heavyrain: Where are they?
'Sand Soldier': Who knows?
Heavyrain: You—
Sesa: Heavyrain, rein it in!
'Sand Soldier': Quite right. Rein it in. You haven't even the capital to start a conflict with me here.
'Sand Soldier': Compared to how valuable your pharmaceutical materials are, a few porters can't be worth much in my concern...
Heavyrain: You have your eyes on those materials.
'Sand Soldier': And if I nodded yes?
Heavyrain: ......
Sesa: Let our Operators go. We'll hand over the goods. How about that?
'Sand Soldier': Oh? As simple as that?
'Sand Soldier': But all I took was a few employees... now I'm a little skeptical.
'Sand Soldier': Your goods might've had a small footprint, but they're not cheap. It doesn't seem 'Rhodes Island Pharmaceuticals' is so profligate a company. Would you really be so willing to give them up?
Sesa: I'll stop you right there. Forget market value. Human life is the most precious thing to us.
'Sand Soldier': A perspective bursting with humanity. But who'll step up to weigh them, then—decide their worth?
'Sand Soldier': Will a certain 'Kal'tsit?'
Heavyrain: You nabbed our contract... You know Dr. Kal'tsit?
'Sand Soldier': No, it's a very common name. Over these years, I've sought so many people in error... so many.
Sesa: Back to our original topic.
'Sand Soldier': Oh, my apologies. Your people are actually waiting right outside, and I have no interest in your goods—
Sesa: —Heavyrain.
Heavyrain: I'll go check now—you stay alert.
'Sand Soldier': As you wish.
Sesa: Huh! The fixer from the black market... wouldn't come here just to scare our new recruits, would he?
Sesa: Rhodes Island and the Sargon black market are far from bosom friends. We only had to take this plunge after some of our drugs got jammed up in Columbia.
Sesa: Oripathy waits for no-one, correct? That's all this is. There should be no conflict between us.
'Sand Soldier': I've heard of you before, the armaments tuner 'Bridge,' having worked for three different arms dealers in the past. A fine reputation. Oh, I believe you're called 'Sesa' now?
Sesa: Really, you make too much of me.
Sesa: Well, then, what gives you an interest in Rhodes Island?
'Sand Soldier': During a routine probing of accounts, a completely watertight transaction came to light. You must know, not one sheaf of gold in the Reefsteep passes out of my notice.
Sesa: And?
'Sand Soldier': No, no cause for worry. You haven't exposed any leverage, and as I've already said, your transaction doesn't interest me. It's just the... signature, on this contract, that I mind.
'Sand Soldier': Come. I have time to spare today. Tell me, what kind of place is Rhodes Island Pharmaceuticals?
*'Trek upon Terra, as millions of lives.'*
*22 Years Ago*
*1:09 P.M. \ Clear*
*Central Sargon, Ibut Region, the Town of Redhorn*
Wounded Mercenary: They're firing! Ambush! Ambush!
Wounded Mercenary: Withdraw our cov—aghh—
Wounded Mercenary: Are they mad?! With this many civilians around?!
Indignant Mercenary: Quick! Hide here!
Wounded Mercenary: Shit, close. Thanks.
Fleeing Civilian: —Fire, fire! My house—ukh— (The sound of a throat being pierced.)
Fleeing Civilian: Hurry! Hurry!!
Fleeing Civilian: Eyaaargh—
Indignant Mercenary: Too many civilians getting caught up...! Are they trying to pull the Lord Ameer of Ibut's whole army in!?
Wounded Mercenary: The Lord Ameer's army? How do you know they weren't the army in disguise?
Indignant Mercenary: You mean—
Wounded Mercenary: Look at this.
Indignant Mercenary: The red mark...? You picked this off one of the corpses—?
Wounded Mercenary: I did. We've been fooled by our own. The situation here is a complete mess now. You might not even get it if I gave you the whole lecture—
Wounded Mercenary: It's way more than just us who wanted to ransack that squad. Dammit. Grab it and turn it into cash, my ass. This is a full-blown war now—
Wounded Mercenary: The sentry sent me all the coordinates before going black. There's four different identifiers all crawling this one area!
Wounded Mercenary: Do you understand what this means? Either we break through the line and earn big, or we still have the chance to surrender right now!
Indignant Mercenary: —Goddamnit! This is insane!
*pant*... *pant*... *cough*, *cough* *cough*...
???: ...should be... alone here...
*cough*...
???: ...wh—who?
Indignant Mercenary: A child? Why are you carrying a body... eugh, get out of here already!
Indignant Mercenary: Hold on... your clothes! You're a Columbian!? You're from the 'Sand Soldiers'!
Indignant Mercenary: B8 here, we have a survivor, a Liberi child, carrying a grown man's body—
???: ——!
Indignant Mercenary: Hey, hold it right there!
Violent Mercenary: Alright, kids, you all heard that. The 'Sand Soldiers' still have one left alive! We need to bring him over!
Violent Mercenary: There's still a chance our target fell into someone else's hands. Just in case, kill every last one you come across. Doesn't matter if they're the Lord Ameer's. Even if Padishah Murad himself is here, he has to die too.
Violent Mercenary: Remember, a silver box. I want to be sitting on that singing before the sun goes down.
Sarkaz Mercenary A: We've intercepted their comms band. It seems the 'Sand Soldiers' still have a survivor.
Sarkaz Mercenary A: A child, carrying a body, probably a comrade. Think he's got what Padishah's after?
Sarkaz Mercenary B: Not one team's retreated from that town yet. Chances are they're all still looking for their target.
Sarkaz Mercenary A: Of course. Everyone swarming that tiny of a town at once is just going to add to the chaos, waste time and nothing else.
Sarkaz Mercenary A: Hold on, our Caster's gotten news. Something's up...
Sarkaz Mercenary B: What?
Sarkaz Mercenary A: There's a freight truck... registration Tkaronto, Columbia... parked near the Central Smoke bazaar.
Sarkaz Mercenary A: A woman and a monster? Monster? What monster—oh.
Sarkaz Mercenary A: Line cut off. He gets careless too?
Sarkaz Mercenary B: No, his ambush point is at least a kilometer out from the bazaar. It shouldn't have been that fast. Not unless whatever team this is knew the topography here like the backs of their hands... or maybe, they're just experienced enough to blow anyone off the sand.
Sarkaz Mercenary A: Could it be someone from Vouivre? Or some other cutthroat here on Columbia's dime?
Sarkaz Mercenary B: Let's watch this unfold first.
*pant*... *pant*...
*cough* *cough*... Why did... Teacher... *cough* *cough*!
???: ——?!
Searching Mercenary: Our target's around here! He can't get that far carrying a body—
Searching Mercenary: Tch! We've got trouble! No hesitating! Kill!
???: ...am... am I safe...?
???: ...Teacher, Teacher... come on, wake up...
???: The... I can't stop the blood... you still haven't taught me so much... what do you want me to do...
Searching Mercenary: ...Target found.
???: ——
Searching Mercenary: Don't move! One more inch and I'll cut your head off!
Searching Mercenary: Scared stupid, aren't you, talking to a dead guy? Uh-huh?
Searching Mercenary: Put that idiot on your back down and tell me, where is it!?
???: ...I...
???: I don't know...
???: Mmph—
Searching Mercenary: Don't try and fool me, you worthless... huh?
Searching Mercenary: Is this... the 'Sand Soldier' leader's body? What are you... wait, do you have it on you?
???: —Don't touch him!
Searching Mercenary: Gah! Who do you think you are—piss off!!
???: Ugh...
Searching Mercenary: The silver combination box! So here it is... heheh, hahahah!
???: Let go of it! Get—Get out of my way!
Searching Mercenary: Heh, now we've got the target, we don't need to leave any survivors.
Searching Mercenary: Don't blame me, kid. This is my job—
???: ——
Searching Mercenary: Wha—What the hell is—?!
Mon3tr: Grrr...
Searching Mercenary: What is that—hey, is anyone there?! I've run into an unidenti—
Mon3tr: (Shrieks)
Searching Mercenary: —Ugh!
Searching Mercenary: Machine... no, creature?! What the hell kind of thing are you?!
Searching Mercenary: Don't get any—why aren't my bolts doing anything—don't get any closer! Any closer and I'll kill you!
Mon3tr: (Snickers)
*Before his eyes, the monster skewers the ruffian.*
*It lightly unfolds its body, like a stretch in the early morning.*
Mysterious Woman: ...Mon3tr.
Mon3tr: (Responds)
???: Ah... ah...
*The boy is frozen in place, having long lost the voice to cry out.*
*He holds only an ice-cold carcass, the blood of the dead clotting on his chest, reminiscent of a flower.*
Mysterious Woman: ......
Mysterious Woman: Elliot, you're safe.
Elliot: ...!
Elliot: Who... who are you... How do you know me?
Mysterious Woman: I know every last esteemed scientist of the Blaine Formative Technologies Research Institute.
Mysterious Woman: But none of you know what kind of plot this whole affair has been drawn into. I'm here to stop you, and here to protect you.
Elliot: Protect...?
Elliot: You're already late... too late...
Mysterious Woman: You didn't let your fine teacher's legacy fall into those conspirators' hands. You've done well enough.
Elliot: ......
Elliot: What do you mean, protect...
Elliot: —You want to protect these! The blueprint, the sample, not me! And not Teacher!
Elliot: You're just like them! Teacher's dead! All the people who were helping us are dead too! You're all just fighting over this case—you—you—*cough* *cough*, *cough*—
Mysterious Woman: ......
Comms Voice: Adviser, we've confirmed three mercenary teams hired by lords ameer across the map, as well as one Sarkaz unit on a cliff outside the town, affiliation unknown for now.
Comms Voice: According to our plans, we still have seven minutes.
Mysterious Woman: I've found one survivor, sample in hand.
Comms Voice: The evac route is secure.
Mysterious Woman: Converge in three minutes.
Elliot: ......
Mysterious Woman: Tell me, Elliot. The Vouivre soldier you're carrying on your back: what did he die for?
Elliot: ...Shut up...
Mysterious Woman: Right now, you stand here, you live, and you carry what every mercenary here wants.
Mysterious Woman: The squad operated under the name 'Sand Soldiers'... but in actuality, all that came to Sargon was a research team, and a typical security force from Tkaronto.
Mysterious Woman: Whether or not he persisted in his duty until the end, whether or not he paid mind to your safety until the end, didn't he entrust a deep responsibility to you?
Mysterious Woman: Whether or not because of your own immature temperament, are you going to make a total waste of all your soldiers' full efforts?
Mysterious Woman: I only need an answer.
Mysterious Woman: As long as I can ensure that this prototype blueprint doesn't fall into any lord ameer's hands, I will not go out of my way to mind anything else. I hope for you to understand this.
Elliot: ......
Mysterious Woman: High alert. You still aren't willing to speak much.
Mysterious Woman: But I remember... the man on your back is Professor Thorne. Blaine Formative Technologies Research Institute, Head Researcher.
Mysterious Woman: He was not a true soldier. Yet a true soldier is what he is.
Elliot: You...
Mysterious Woman: Just put him down. Or you could be buried together with him in the yellow dust.
Mysterious Woman: I trust he believed his death had a purpose, and you should not squander his sacrifice.
Elliot: No...
Mysterious Woman: He's already dead.
Elliot: No! This isn't your business!
Mysterious Woman: At least give him a decent burial.
Mysterious Woman: ...Mon3tr.
Mon3tr: (Hissing)
Elliot: What's... What's that ball of light?
Mysterious Woman: Lower your head.
Elliot: Ngh—!
Elliot: ...You... You want me to bury Teacher in here?
Mysterious Woman: Professor Thorne is an old friend of mine. The situation is abnormal. We have no chance to more solemnly address his sacrifice.
Mysterious Woman: Every person's life is an endless war.
Mysterious Woman: On certain motives, his ancestors left Sargon. Wandering again and again, he found a life he could call his own, yet in the end he returned to Sargon's barrens.
Mysterious Woman: His cause, his just heart, his thirst for knowledge all arrived at their terminus.
Mysterious Woman: The Professor Thorne I knew was in no way unversed in life's affairs. Candidly, he confronted his own death, and until the very end resisted.
Mysterious Woman: Elliot, just put him down.
Elliot: I...
Mysterious Woman: This is respect for the deceased. Surely you understand, he wouldn't have wished to become a burden on your path?
Elliot: Okay... okay...
Mysterious Woman: (Ancient Vouivran language) May his soul, with the long river, return.
Elliot: Vouivran...? Are—Are you from Vouivre?
Mysterious Woman: (Ancient Vouivran language) May he, as the gravel, pass into eternal tranquility.
Mysterious Woman: (Ancient Vouivran language) May he ever hear his homeland's whispers. May he, at the other shore, meet the great waves.
Mysterious Woman: (Ancient Vouivran language) Our friend rests eternal here. He shall return to the boundless cycle of rebirth.
*As the woman bowed her head and prayed, it was as if the fire of war, too, paused for this moment.*
Elliot: ......
Mysterious Woman: ...Time is running short. We've paid what respect we can. Now, you must make a choice.
Mon3tr: (A low, alert sounding.)
Mysterious Woman: Correct, they are many, but their formation is in loose disarray. As an armed force, they're not in one heart and mind.
Mysterious Woman: Before they find us, they'll make their own grave.
Elliot: ...I remember, now... I remember I saw your face before, somewhere... long ago... Teacher introduced you to me...
Elliot: I thought you were only a theoretical researcher...
Elliot: I remember... Your name is...
Elliot: Kal'tsit...?
Kal'tsit: Mm.
Kal'tsit: You have quite a good memory, Elliot.
*The young researcher, Elliot Glover, pays no attention to the mysterious woman as she leaves through the door.*
*In a daze, he gazes at the soil that half-buried his beloved teacher, the air scattered with dust.*
*He thinks to himself: I haven't even the strength to cremate my teacher's remains. It leads him, for an instant, to mourn.*
*Until the sound of warfare resumes once more.*
====================act18d3_Under Tides.xlsx====================
*Silent. Strange. Unfathomable. Outsider.*
*So they naturally come to say.*
*Shadowy. Cold-blooded. Leaves for dead. A born monster.*
*So all will say behind my back.*
*Yes.*
*One needs only lose one's home, and one is nothing at all.*
*Reason says that I, coming here, should have been able to begin a new life.*
*Except the past cannot be rid. These things follow your shadow and climb your shins, dragging you into the abyss of the swamp.*
*Not one of us can break free of the past.*
*If there comes a day, and your home has found you...*
*2:33 A.M. \ Overcast*
*Rhodes Island Landship, Hallway*
Rhodes Island Operator: Alright! Once this report's handed in, your field mission will be formally closed out.
Skadi: Mm.
Rhodes Island Operator: Wait, is it still... blank? Ahem, hm-hm...
Rhodes Island Operator: The only thing on this entire sheet is the word 'complete!'
Skadi: Hmm?
Skadi: The mission definitely is complete.
Rhodes Island Operator: I-I mean, that's not wrong...
Rhodes Island Operator: ...but it wouldn't hurt if you wrote a little more, right?!
Skadi: Hm?
Rhodes Island Operator: (What do I do... just how difficult is she?)
Rhodes Island Operator: (I never really talked to her before. I heard we were linking up with her, and the group leader even warned me... but this is still going to be tricky to handle.)
Rhodes Island Operator: (Deep breath)
Rhodes Island Operator: Alright, okay. I understand.
Rhodes Island Operator: If the Doctor has any questions regarding the particulars of your mission, we'll seek confirmation from you again then.
Skadi: ...The Doctor?
Rhodes Island Operator: Yes, Dr. Kal'tsit presumed you wouldn't want to hand a report in to her... and she also mentioned Amiya's too soft on you, and it can't go on like this... and so on.
Rhodes Island Operator: So then we filed this mission away on the Doctor's end.
Skadi: That woman. Hmph.
Rhodes Island Operator: Do you want to report directly, then? Looks like the Doctor's out right now, so you can relax for a few days until the Doctor's back.
Rhodes Island Operator: This report of yours, right now, could seriously use some more fleshing out!
Skadi: ......
Skadi: Such a pain.
Rhodes Island Operator: Fine, then. Mission code F1071, confirming submission. Follow-up specifics—
Skadi: Wait.
Rhodes Island Operator: Huh?
Skadi: Give the files back to me. I've decided, it's okay if I add a few more details.
Rhodes Island Operator: Oh! Of course it's okay! I'll leave it to you, then.
Rhodes Island Operator: (This might go smoother than I anticipated...)
Rhodes Island Operator: That's all from me then. Do head back and get some proper... um?
Skadi: ......
Rhodes Island Operator: Your expression just completely changed. Has something happened?
Skadi: In likelihood.
Rhodes Island Operator: Huh? In here? Aboard the ship? An intruder?! I've heard about your acute senses. Could it be...
Rhodes Island Operator: No, that's not right. The alarms should have sounded if there was danger aboard, right?
Skadi: ...Singing.
Rhodes Island Operator: Singing? What singing? Er, it's silent all around. I can't hear any...
Skadi: How? Why is there singing here?
Rhodes Island Operator: I suppose there is a sort of droning sound, but that's not a song, is it? There's all kinds of machinery operating aboard Rhodes Island. Is it their vibrations, just maybe? Are you still not fully used to it?
Skadi: No. The scent.
Skadi: The scent of the seawater.
Rhodes Island Operator: ...Skadi? You're scaring me a little. What are you tal...
Rhodes Island Operator: Huh? Hey! Skadi!
*Skadi runs too hurriedly, too rapidly. She runs for the stairwell, fearing that those few seconds of apprehension riding the elevator will allow that scent to slip away.*
*A hunter is walking on seacoast way♪*
*She can hear the song. Aboard this ship, a vast majority cannot.*
*This language, this melody, has roused her memories. She is not one for nostalgia, but she knows it all too well.*
*But... this shouldn't be. This is a song that should not arise here.*
*With homeland left a mile behind, they must lament and pray♪*
*The singing shivers all throughout the ship's pipelines.*
*The scent of seawater, breaking unbreakingly, seeps out from the cabin walls.*
*Skadi remembers this scent just the same. With the damp closed in on her, her skin continuously contracts, becomes taut. Nervous, yet she is stirred too.*
*Could she have awoken? She cannot help but hasten her step.*
Skadi: Specter!
*She pulls open the door to the treatment ward.*
*The bed is empty.*
Skadi: ......
*Perhaps she wanted to take a stroll outside after becoming lucid.*
Skadi: Wait... what is this?
*She picks it up, and rubs it in her fingers.*
Skadi: ...It looks like hers.
*Specter's gold chain had been carelessly thrown to the ground. Or perhaps, deliberately.*
*Did she despise this item? Then she surely isn't pleased with her current identity.*
*The affairs of the Church—at least the Church of the sea—are all nefarious ones.*
*But... something's not right.*
*Outsider.*
*Without knowing why, Skadi has abruptly recalled that word.*
*She realizes that the scent is not Specter's at all.*
*Compared to the Specter of past, this scent now is too strong, and too callous. Skadi doubts it was simply a surprise that went all too hard to her head.*
Skadi: You're here. Who are you? Come out.
*An Abyssal Hunter. But not Specter. Of all things, there were still other Abyssal Hunters who survived!*
*But why here?*
*...Where has Specter gone?*
Skadi: ......
Skadi: No matter who, or what, you are. Come out.
*She needs to give chase. Something's not right. She senses the other one truly is nearby.*
*Skadi rushes out the door, and a silhouette flashes by the farthest recess of the corridor.*
*No... it's two. The singing still remains. The other one still incants.*
*Specter. That Abyssal Hunter has taken Specter.*
???: So laggard.
???: If you were any slower, we would've been on our way.
Skadi: Hunter! Who are you?
*In one leap, Skadi pivots the corner, involuntarily feeling for any weapon on her she can use.*
Skadi: —What are you up to?
*In that instant, before all else, she meets the other by the eyes.*
Skadi: Wait, you're...
*Someone that she has never expected.*
???: Skadi.
???: You seem quite well.
Skadi: Could... you be the Second Company's—Specter's leader...?
Skadi: You're... Gladiia...?!
Gladiia: It has been some time, Skadi. You are still able to recollect the Ægir's song, which deeply gratifies me.
*Skadi cannot pick out even a single trace of 'gratitude' in her expression. This woman, from the first she knew her, has never once shown any change on her face.*
*The tall woman carries Specter. The one Abyssal Hunter that Skadi understands to have survived the past several years, Specter, now lies on Gladiia's shoulder, dreaming another uncharacteristically tranquil dream.*
*The instant Specter's leader let slip a word, the singing vanished.*
*Skadi is dazed for a spell. From the port window rushes arid winds that only dry land could blow, brushing past Skadi's cheeks, almost dry themselves. She thinks to herself—this hunter is still alive, Gladiia is alive. Skadi has finally found another of her own.*
*No. It is Gladiia who found them. Yet...*
Skadi: I thought you were dead. You staked your lives to let us pass. I thought you were all dead.
Gladiia: Life is a precious thing. I am very happy to see that you, too, are alive.
Skadi: Given Specter was still alive, I'd always been wondering whether or not any more of the Second could have made it...
Skadi: How did you find this place? Specter... she's still better off staying in the ward.
Gladiia: ......
*One of the fiercest hunters in all of Skadi's mind chooses, at this juncture, to say nothing.*
*In Skadi's heart, doubt burgeons.*
Skadi: She's changed a lot. She may not necessarily recognize you now. Her body is still feeble.
Gladiia: Feeble? A hunter could not be feeble.
Skadi: How long have you been on dry land?
Skadi: Disease of the land, of a special kind, has hollowed her body out. The people aboard this ship can stabilize her condition.
Skadi: In all these years, she's never come back to sanity. The current Specter is another person entirely. I don't know what it was that made her like this.
*Gladiia does not speak, and the breeze blows through, her hair drifting in its wakes, covering her eye.*
*Skadi has realized where the problem lies.*
Skadi: Gladiia. Yes, you're Gladiia. There is no mistake. But what do you intend to do?
Skadi: Where are you planning to take her?
Gladiia: I believed that upon dry land, the hunters were free. Have I misunderstood something?
Skadi: No, Gladiia... she's still asleep. You never asked her... whether or not she wants to go.
Skadi: You want to take her away from here.
Gladiia: You seem to show a great deal of interest in these new colleagues of yours. Do they not treat you too in kind? It would be but a passing motion for you to pinch their spines to dust, yet how is it you do not instill dread in them?
Skadi: For these people of dry land to treat us with enmity is normal, but not for the ones aboard this ship. The ones I have met would not.
Gladiia: I still cannot fathom why you drop your guard.
Skadi: No... I don't want to get them mixed up in this matter. The problem doesn't lie with me, nor them.
*The problem lies in you.*
*Skadi takes a step toward.*
Skadi: What is your intent in doing this? You had best explain.
Gladiia: Hunter Skadi.
Gladiia: —On dry land, I will not constrain you with my rank of Consul.
Skadi: Hm...
Gladiia: Yet neither do I have any obligation to explain myself to you.
Gladiia: I simply believe that I should have you know. It was I who took her, a member of my own company. This suffices.
Skadi: ......
Skadi: Why?
Gladiia: You need not know the reason yet this evening.
Skadi: But Specter!
Gladiia: —(Two Iberian words)—
*Before the name fully reaches Skadi's ears, Gladiia has already slipped from the ship's window into the moonlight outside, Specter's limp body disappearing with her.*
*Skadi does not reach out. She does not even move.*
*She knows well that if Gladiia wants to leave, she has no hope of ever catching her; yet, if Gladiia only wanted to escape, then she would not have left any information behind.*
*She was seeking help, or she was hoodwinking herself. Skadi half-believes it, half doesn't, yet has no other alternative. At the least, she did not order Skadi to do anything, or not to do anything.*
*'Sal Viento.'*
*That is what Gladiia said.*
*Skadi cannot help but go.*
Skadi: Sal Viento.
Skadi: This is far too unmoving a reunion.
Skadi: What are you doing here?
Bounty Hunter A: Hey, isn't that Skadi?
Bounty Hunter B: She looks familiar. A little like the picture.
Bounty Hunter A: Ah! Haha, that didn't take any effort at all...
Bounty Hunter A: It's Skadi for sure. We hid in the right spot.
Skadi: Hm?
Bounty Hunter B: Hey, see, she responded... and look at her face. That really is Skadi!
Bounty Hunter A: Still remember the 'Captain,' Skadi? We've got his money, and now we're gonna avenge him with your life!
Bounty Hunter B: You crackbrained idiot... you crackbrained idiot! I said this was a rotten idea!
Bounty Hunter B: Didn't we say using his money to run some cons would be enough?! Avenge my ass, bounty my ass! What chance in hell?!
Bounty Hunter B: Remember the rumors! If that's really her, you think there's a single cent in this for us? It'll cost our lives!
Bounty Hunter B: We'd better scram before it's too late! Grab your dumb scrap and run!
Bounty Hunter A: Pah.
Bounty Hunter A: You go crawling back to your shitheap bed cuddling burdenbeast piss and yelling mamá. You lose your nerve the moment a single long-haired girl says something to you. You want ME to go home empty-handed? No goddamn way!
Bounty Hunter C: You're right! Even if she really is Skadi, even if, what the hell can she do? She's all alone right now, isn't she?
Bounty Hunter C: We've got one, two... yeah, a bunch of guys!
Bounty Hunter B: But all those powerhouse bounty hunters are rotting in the ground, aren't they? She was alone then too!
Bounty Hunter B: And think about it, every time you say you have so many guys, does anything good ever come of it?
Bounty Hunter A: And who saw that? If you ask me, those guys? Maybe they just got drunk off their asses one night and all went into the same pretty little Kuranta's room.
Bounty Hunter A: Then she got her crossbows out her pants, went free-for-all, blew their brains to mush.
Bounty Hunter A: That's what rumors are! If all those wandering singers or whoever went around singing and playing without puffing their stories up a little, you think they'd make enough money to eat?
Bounty Hunter A: Splitting fifty mountains with a single sword, yeah, right... and I can punch a hole straight through Londinium with one fist!
Bounty Hunter A: Listen to me, brothers! If you wanna eat, come with me!
Bounty Hunter A: Skadi, Schmadi, we can put her down right here, and nobody can pinch our gold after! Add the bounty the others put on her head, we'll be set for the rest of our lives plus retirement!
Skadi: I'll give you a choice. Run now, and you can live. I have no time to waste with you people.
Bounty Hunter C: Charge! Kill her dead!
Skadi: ......
Skadi: (Ægirian) It's the rotted seagrass that clings most to one's leg.
Skadi: I never thought it would be the annoyance of worthless bounty hunters that remained ever unchanging.
====================act18side_Lingering Echoes.xlsx====================
*'The Sky is blue and fine,The Breeze lilts by in Song;The River murmurs clear,My Heart is filled with Hope.The Mist parts overnight,The Earth welcomes Dawn's Light;Praise be Leithanien,Where free Men find their Home.'—Lied des klaren Himmels (1078)*
Hibiscus: (According to the map, I shouldn't be far from the Rhodes Island branch office now.)
Hibiscus: (Got held up a bit coming into Vyseheim, but if I just hurry up, I can hopefully make it there before I'm late...)
Passionate Infected: Hold it right there!
Hibiscus: Er... me?
Passionate Infected: Yes indeed, you, beautiful Dame! You're an unfamiliar face. Could this be your first time here in the Afterglow?
Hibiscus: Yes, I'm a Rhodes Island Operator, here to look into the Serendipitous Infected Prognosis Phenomenon—
Passionate Infected: Leave behind your work and duties for now. I cordially invite you here to perform with me in song!
Hibiscus: Perform?
Hibiscus: But I bought this concert flute as a staff. I couldn't play you a single song...
Passionate Infected: No matter! If you can just make it sing, I have faith I can spin your notes into a song to offer to you, Dame. Let's commemorate this fine day!
Hibiscus: I have an appointment with someone, and I'm almost late as is.
Passionate Infected: Don't worry, don't worry. Anyone would let a little delay go, with weather so fine.
Passionate Infected: Come, this won't take long!
Hibiscus: I... I just play some random notes then?
Passionate Infected: Please!
Hibiscus: (Alright, alright, I can make it sound...)
Passionate Infected: Do... fa... la.. so... fa... mi...
Passionate Infected: Wonderful, a motif full with hope!
Passionate Infected: Emma, I'll play. What if you and our visitor dance a tune together?
Hibiscus: Together?
Cheerful Infected: Come, beautiful Fräulein, let us skip!
Hibiscus: But I really don't have the time, and I'm not much of a danc—
Cheerful Infected: No worries, we all dance poorly at times. No one will laugh at you.
Passionate Infected: Very well, I'll play this in three...
Passionate Infected: One-two-three, one-two-three... ready—go!
Hibiscus: I'm sorry, I trod on you so many...
Cheerful Infected: That's fine, I'm delighted to dance with you! Thank you for joining us!
Passionate Infected: Goodbye! Have a beautiful day!
Cheerful Infected: Welcome to the Afterglow!
Hibiscus: Thank you, thanks.
Woman in Operator Attire: Good morning, Hibiscus~
Hibiscus: You're... Andante? From the branch?
Andante: That's right! Welcome to Vyseheim's Afterglow!
Hibiscus: Thank you. This is awkward, you coming out here just to greet me.
Andante: I didn't come just to greet you.
Hibiscus: Eh?
Andante: Word came that before you left for the Afterglow, you were piling pressure on yourself, staying up all hours of every night. You were reading papers right up until you left the landship.
Andante: So today, your job is entirely to relax!
Hibiscus: I'm actually fine.
Andante: No, can't have that! Strings snap when you stretch them that thin!
Andante: Besides, you came just at the right time. Herr Czerny's farewell concert is in a week, and it just so happens today's application day.
Andante: Apparently, he's performing at the plaza in front of Afterglow Hall! It'll be over if we're a moment too late!
Hibiscus: But the mission...
Andante: If this chance goes, it's gone! We can talk missions tomorrow! Let's run!
Andante: We're here!
Hibiscus: ......
Andante: Afterglow Hall. They say it's this very concert hall the Afterglow gets its name from.
Hibiscus: Is... this even a building, or is it a giant instrument...?
Andante: Enough, the Hall's not going anywhere, we'll have time to admire it later. Our focus today is Herr Czerny.
Hibiscus: I think... I read about Mister, Herr Czerny beforehand. He was born in the Afterglow?
Andante: He was. He's still the one and only musician ever to both be Infected and renowned in Leithanien. He's even held minor tours around the country—
Andante: I see him, there he is!
*The musician stands on the steps outside the hall, a colossal instrument his height upright beside him.*
*No one stands in the five-meter semicircle around him.*
*Outside that semicircle, the crowds teem.*
Andante: Blow me down! Half of the Afterglow's here, at least.
Hibiscus: Half?!
Andante: Herr Czerny used to constantly perform outdoors here, but he's been ill for half a year, and it's his first time back. You don't know how excited everyone is—
Andante: (Whisper) It's starting.
*With the sound of a piano, the plaza quickly falls to a hush.*
*Practically everyone stops talking.*
*Even the peddler hawking incessantly until now lowers his voice.*
*The song is short.*
*The moment Czerny's performance ends, a mountainous applause erupts.*
*It gradually abates. While Czerny prepares to play the next song, someone neatly dressed squeezes through the crowd, and arrives at his side.*
Frivolous Noble: Herr Czerny, Dame Gertrude sends her regards.
Czerny: Oh. You, I see.
Frivolous Noble: She asks me to remind you that be it an applicational affair or the concert day itself, you haven't been booked for an outdoor performance.
Czerny: And what does it matter?
Czerny: Other places may have their schedules, but you are hard-pressed to stop me performing for all in the Afterglow.
Frivolous Noble: Your health isn't the fairest. You'd best not tire yourself too much...
Czerny: I know my health best. If I didn't feel better today, I wouldn't be here.
Czerny: Go tell Gertrude: mind her own business. Don't come all persnickety at me.
Frivolous Noble: Very well.
Hibiscus: What was his problem? Why did no one say anything?
Andante: He's a retainer of Dame Gertrude Strollo.
Hibiscus: Gertrude Strollo... Countess Strollo, the ruler... the Lehnsfrau of Vyseheim?
Andante: The very same.
Andante: But Herr Czerny sent that man packing in just a few words! What a feel-good sight.
Hibiscus: I see.
Andante: Let's head into Afterglow Hall in a moment. Application's about to begin.
*Seeing the noble's figure disappear into the crowd, Czerny clears his throat.*
Czerny: Thank you all for your support.
Czerny: Today, I came not just to play you all a passage or two, long while that it's been, but to warm up for the concert next week.
Czerny: I invite you all to be enthusiastic in this application. Prove your love for music on the stage. I'll be here, supporting you all.
Czerny: I'll be at the selections tomorrow too, casting my own discerning eye.
Czerny: Now, let me play a few more pieces for you all. I welcome you to bring out whatever instruments you're good with. Whether you accompany me or play by your own tune, I welcome it all.
Czerny: Thank you, everyone!
*Czerny bows, the heavy silence finally lifts, and the crowd erupts into even more fervorous applause.*
Food Stall Owner: Hey. You set up shop here too?
Coffee Shop Owner: Damn near everyone's here at the Hall. Where else am I going to do business if not here?
Food Stall Owner: Sure, but I don't think anyone's willing to drink your coffee.
Coffee Shop Owner: Easy for you to say—
Infected: Excuse me, I'll take a tub of sauerkraut. A big one!
Food Stall Owner: Coming up!
Coffee Shop Owner: ......
Coffee Shop Owner: A crowd full of anticipation, a musician forcing his ailing body along, a noble given the cold shoulder...
Coffee Shop Owner: (Whisper) Touches my heart.
Disgruntled Old Man: Kreide. You still insist on applying to that concert?
Kreide: Yes, I do want to go...
Disgruntled Old Man: Fine. Don't often see you turning a deaf ear like this. You want to go, go.
Kreide: Thank you, Grandpa!
Grandpa: You sign up and come straight back, don't linger outside.
Kreide: I'll try.
Grandpa: Try?
Kreide: Apparently, entrants have to perform onstage for this application, so they can prove their skill...
Grandpa: But your cello's been wrecked forever. You only have the one string to play. What are you doing about that?
Kreide: It's alright, they'll provide a loaner instrument.
*sigh* Very, very thoughtful of them. Why did nobody tell me, hm?
Kreide: Grandpa, are you... mad?
Grandpa: What? No, I'm just a little uneasy about it.
Kreide: I promise, I'll be back as soon as the application's over. I won't run off anywhere!
Grandpa: Fine, fine, I hear you.
Kreide: I'll put the tea by the stove, now. Remember to drink it soon, don't let it get cold!
Mature Noble: Application's beginning soon. It's about time you went.
Young Noble: I still can't swallow this. You called me here, all the way from Urtica, specifically to have me apply to this concert full of Infected?
Mature Noble: Such a level of interaction with Infected won't pose any risk.
Young Noble: You don't have to tell me. I know.
Young Noble: What I mean to say is, I don't understand why you invited me here just for some run-of-the-mill concert.
Mature Noble: You've always wanted to breathe the air of freedom, haven't you?
Young Noble: I can't deny that, but—
Mature Noble: Don't let doubts overtake you now. Enjoy the commoners' festive atmosphere.
Young Noble: (Shrug)
Mature Noble: The car is ready for you. There's some way to travel from the Cliffy Patio to the Afterglow; I recommend you not go on foot, so as not to affect your performance at application.
Young Noble: I appreciate your kindness. Farewell, Strollo—
Mature Noble: You're forgetting. I prefer my given name, not my surname.
Young Noble: I apologize, Dame Gertrude.
Hibiscus: What a queue!
Andante: That's the line for application. We're just going with the crowds, so come this way~
Kreide: Hello, can I ask...?
Worn-out Infected: Here to apply, right? End of the line's there. Head over and queue up.
Kreide: —It's so long!
Worn-out Infected: Plenty of folk started queueing before the sun came up.
Kreide: But I'm really in a rush to get my application over with. I'm still caring for my grandpa back home.
Worn-out Infected: No can do. Look, we're all Afterglowers. Who hasn't got someone to care for at home?
Kreide: Well... but...
Worn-out Infected: Get in line, quick. It'll be even longer soon enough.
Young Noble: Can you really not accommodate, just this once?
Worn-out Infected: I said no. That's just—
Worn-out Infected: Wait, y—you're a noble, aren't you? You're here to apply to our concert?!
Young Noble: If you see as much, then could you oblige myself and my friend here?
Worn-out Infected: But we've got rules...
Young Noble: Or do you plan to refuse a noble's sincerest request?
Worn-out Infected: I wouldn't dare.
Young Noble: Thank you for your understanding.
Young Noble: Come, now.
Kreide: ......
Young Noble: Didn't you hear me? They're letting us through.
Kreide: A... Alright!
Kreide: But—
Kreide: Er, where'd he go?
Mannered Infected: Next, please.
Mannered Infected: Can I have your name, please?
Kreide: People call me Kreide.
Mannered Infected: What instruments are you proficient in?
Kreide: The cello.
Mannered Infected: Did you come without your own cello?
Kreide: I don't have one...
Mannered Infected: That's fine, we provide common-use instruments to musicians. You can access them at your leisure.
Mannered Infected: Alright, you may begin. Be careful not to go over one minute.
Kreide: ......
Mannered Infected: Is there a problem?
Kreide: I didn't get to ask just now, but how do you determine pay for participation?
Mannered Infected: Pay?
Kreide: Eh?
Kreide: The person who told me about the concert said that so long as I was chosen, I'd get ample pay.
Kreide: My grandpa's gravely ill, and I need money for his treatment.
Mannered Infected: I sympathize with your plight, but there is no material reward for this concert.
Kreide: There's no pay at all?!
Mannered Infected: I believe the vast majority feel that the ultimate honorarium comes from performing with Herr Czerny at his farewell concert.
Kreide: How could this be...?
Mannered Infected: It's your decision to perform or not. However, if you do decide to leave, I hope for you to at least leave us with a fine melody before you do.
Kreide: ......
Kreide: I... alright.
*Kreide, somewhat dejectedly, bows.*
*He slowly takes a seat, and steadies the cello between his knees.*
*With a hand on his bow, and the other on the strings, the dismay is all but swept from his face, leaving only concentration.*
*From the cello's strings flows an ornate melody, gradually filling the whole hall.*
*After a number of bars, Kreide's performance reaches its sweetest point, when a concert flute joins from below the stage out of nowhere.*
*The noble in black plays the flute, accompanying Kreide's cello, and he paces his way onto the stage.*
*Kreide is briefly startled, but nevertheless concludes the passage with his own cadence, while the noble follows the cello's ending with his own, briefest cadenza.*
Mannered Infected: And that's one minute.
Mannered Infected: That was the most beautiful performance I've heard today.
Mannered Infected: I feel we should pay our respects to both you young men.
Mannered Infected: Are you here to apply to this concert too?
Young Noble: The very same.
Young Noble: I was planning to do so alone, but professedly, Herr Kreide's performance struck me deep, and I did happen to meet him earlier.
Young Noble: I was loath to miss a chance to perform with such a superb instrumentalist.
Mannered Infected: Understood. May I have your name?
Young Noble: ......
Young Noble: Ebenholz.
Mannered Infected: To have someone like y... Ebenholz?
Mannered Infected: Are you certain? Your real name is Ebenholz? That's not an alias you just came up with after staring at the piano?
Ebenholz: You really are too mistrustful.
Ebenholz: Besides, a piano isn't the only thing with keys. Does a flute not have them too?
Mannered Infected: Even so, your lineage and estate—
Ebenholz: I'll say again, my name is Ebenholz. Do you have any other questions?
Mannered Infected: Very well.
Mannered Infected: That said, since you and Herr Kreide brought no agreement on whether to apply as an ensemble, the decision lies with him.
Mannered Infected: Herr Kreide, what do you feel?
Kreide: I was only applying to this concert... for my grandpa's medical fees...
Ebenholz: Should Kreide assent to an ensemble, I'd be very willing to provide him and his grandfather economic assistance.
Kreide: —Really?
Mannered Infected: That kind of aid doesn't come without strings attached. Make sure you're completely clear about this.
Mannered Infected: We saw a musician swindled last year. He signed an extremely unfair contract...
Ebenholz: Please, I ask for some respect.
Mannered Infected: ......
Kreide: I'll do it!
Mannered Infected: Then I'll leave it at that.
Mannered Infected: If the two of you are entering the selections as flute and cello, then the one choice you have is 'Morgen und Abend.'
Mannered Infected: It's a duet for flute and cello with piano accompaniment, and one of Herr Czerny's signature works. Are you okay with that?
Ebenholz: Said piece marked a turning point in my learning flute. I'm extraordinarily honored that I may perform it on Herr Czerny's stage.
Kreide: I'm fine with it, too!
Hibiscus: Why is that noble helping Kreide?
Andante: A lot of musicians have nobles as backers. Nothing strange about it.
Andante: Some do it because they're not good enough themselves, so they see a really skilled musician and leap for them. They like how it makes them look better all around.
Andante: I can't figure out this Ebenholz either, though. Maybe he is just appreciating a fellow maestro.
Hibiscus: Something still doesn't sit too well with me.
Hibiscus: Oh, we could treat Kreide's grandpa—
Andante: Hibiscus, you were here to investigate the Serendipitous Infected Prognosis Phenomenon, weren't you?
Hibiscus: Erk.
Andante: And our branch is too small. We don't have what it takes to admit patients like a hospital.
Andante: Examinations, diagnoses, prescriptions for milder cases, getting patients in touch with other organizations when they need hospitalization—that's our limit.
Hibiscus: But I'm still a little worried.
Andante: In that case... Kreide's application is over, anyhow. Let's go catch up and ask him, see if we can offer him any help, okay?
Andante: Test results are in. Cell-Originium Assimilation is 8%, Blood Originium-Crystal Density is 0.23u/L... I can't say it's too severe, but it's not good by any stretch.
Andante: Typically, any patient should receive standard treatment with indicators at this level, no matter how they feel themselves. I suggest hospitalized recovery.
Grandpa: Standard treatment, hospitalized recovery...
Grandpa: I hear Rhodes Island is just as much a business. You might be pitying me, giving me the test with no charge, but there's no such thing as a free lunch for me, eh?
Andante: We're partnered with some organizations in Vyseheim. We can refer patients to them.
Andante: They have collaborative protocols in place with Rhodes Island. The prices will be cheaper compared to anywhere else.
Andante: Given your present circumstances, I can try to talk down their fees further, or I could help offset expenses on both sides...
Grandpa: No need.
Grandpa: If I knew Kreide was only going for my sake, I wouldn't have let him go, no matter what.
Grandpa: Kreide. I'll say it again. You return every last cent to that noble. We're going.
Grandpa: What could possibly be happening behind you when an aristocrat gives you money for no good reason?
Kreide: But Ebenholz just wants me to perform with him.
Grandpa: Even if he means no harm, he—
*sigh* He might mean no harm, and an old man like me totting about without any grand standing or friend in power won't be worth much to exploit.
Grandpa: The hospitals still wouldn't be angels to me, even if they do admit me. I don't want my life depending on their whimsy.
Grandpa: If you see a heart of gold in that little lord, then use that money for your own sake. Do some business that lets you get on with your life.
Kreide: No. I already agreed with Ebenholz. The money he gives me is for treating your sickness!
Grandpa: You're tired of me. Throwing me into hospital so you can never look back, isn't that right?
Kreide: What? How could I...
Hibiscus: How about he convalesces here, instead of going to any partners?
Andante: Hibiscus, I understand how you feel... but we don't have beds here, and our medication stores are for emergency response.
Hibiscus: If we can have him recovering here, we'll be able to monitor his health condition more tightly. I'm sure it'd be of help to our investigation too.
Hibiscus: I can clear my own guest bed for him to take. Medication-wise, we'll sell at our partners' prices. I'll write a report after the fact explaining the situation.
Hibiscus: That should all be watertight under procedure, right?
Andante: I think... that works out.
Hibiscus: Then we're all good to go on our end. Sir, how about you? Are you able to accept that?
Grandpa: ......
Hibiscus: I guarantee, your treatment will be highest priority for us. All research propositions will hinge on informed consent, and we'll never commit to anything harmful to your health.
Kreide: I agree!
Kreide: And I have to rehearse with Ebenholz soon, too. I might not have too much time to look after you.
Kreide: Besides, conditions here are so much better than at home. If you're here, I can put my heart at ease too... please, Grandpa!
*sigh*.
Grandpa: I'll go home this evening to pack some things. I'll be back tomorrow morning. You'll let me have that much, won't you?
====================act20side_Ideal City Carnival in the Endless Summer.xlsx====================
*Always hustling. Busy, busy, Acahuallans.*
*What are we doing, you ask? Hah, what else can we warriors of Acahualla do?*
*The greatest weapons, the sturdiest buildings. With the High Priest and Inam Committee's support, we can build even more machines!*
*Conquest! 'Manure factory!' The Acahualla name will ring across all the lands!*
Agitated Archosauria: 'Manure factory.' What a great word... That's how you say it, right, Yogi?
Yogi: No, Yota, it's 'manufacturing.' Besides, you should try to get some more rest instead of helping out with work on the... uh... 'Forest Mk. III,' the fully-automatic tree planting and cutting robot.
Yogi: Actually, since we wrote it off and built a new one last night, this is 'Mk. IV.'
Yota: I've been doing great lately, don't worry. I never thought these rocks... Uh, the Originium could be so useful. My eyes are wide open now! Is this new technology? Who brought it here?
Yogi: Probably Inam.
Yota: Ah... It's strong like Gavial, and you can shoot the upper half up in a spiral. It even stays midair for half a minute.
Yogi: Yeah, it's pretty shocking. Though the High Priest calls that 'disassembly.'
Yota: I've been thinking for a while... Look, the lands beyond are so vast, and now we have so much... 'Manufactoring.'
Yogi: Manufacturing. And the High Priest said before that's not how you use the word.
Yota: That doesn't matter. What matters is that we'll have more and more big machines! They'll also get easier to control and cause less accidents, too!
Yota: There's much more we can do now, isn't there?!
Yogi: Like what?
Yota: Be ambitious, Brother. Set your sights on all of Sargon. Can you see it now—
Yogi: Uh, uhh...
Yota: —Our statues! As tall as three mountains and as big as two whole lakes!
Yogi: Ooohh—!
Yota: Of course, we need one for the clan leader too... and the High Priest! We can't forget Inam, either...
Yota: Finally, we need something special to celebrate all this... A building! Right! A palace! Let's see... with wood? No, it has to be sandstone or some sturdier rock... Let's use Originium! That's it!
Yota: We'll pile the Originium up to make a huge building!
Yogi: Pile it up? I-Into what? Like a temple?
Yota: Maybe something simpler. Like a circle... Hm, you can't make a circle with rocks. Let's pile it up layer by layer so it looks like a triangle from all directions!
Yogi: Oh... Ohh! A triangular tower! Now we just need to give it a name!
Yota: Still... there's no point in talking about all this. Gavial said I won't live that long with my disease.
Yogi: Yota... No! We just have to change the way we think. Let's turn this palace into your burial plot.
Yogi: That way, forget Acahualla, all of Sargon will remember your name. And I know what to call it, too! 'Yogi Yota Tower!' We'll finish it before you die!
Yota: Yogi...!
Tomimi: Don't jinx yourselves like that...
Yota: Oh, Tomimi... What are you doing here?
Yota: I thought you went straight to Gavial and the clan leader yesterday.
Tomimi: It's been a while since I was back home. I can't just leave like that, can I?
Yota: I guess not. So, what are you doing here today? You already stopped by, didn't you?
Tomimi: Actually...
Scathing Durin: ......
Yota: Oh, you're the shortie Inam mentioned. What's the matter? Are you here to complain about our food again? Yeah, I've been thinking the food's been kind of bland lately too. How are we supposed to get by without meat?
Scathing Durin: No, it's something else. And I have a name. Stitch Canvas. You can't judge me by my height. Are all Archosauria like this?
Tomimi: Haha, no, we're not...
Stitch Canvas: Whatever. You're a bunch of weirdos bickering about tail thickness anyway... I guess it's a cultural difference that I'll have to respect.
Tomimi: Huh? Huh...?
Yota: Alright, so what do you need? We're working on a magnificent 'bluepint' for Sargon.
Yogi: Blueprint.
Yota: Uh, right. Blueprint. You hear that, Durin man? This is a huge, glorious plan!
Tomimi: I kind of think... a big, over-the-top tomb isn't a such a great plan... Besides, if everyone gets a huge tomb like that, we won't have enough room in the rainforest.
Yota: Stop calling it a tomb. It's for celebration! It's celebratory!
Yota: If we build it bigger, we can put both the leader and Gavial in there too, and our descendants will sing the praises of Zumama and 'Gavial's Will' in front of our statues, with their kids all around them.
Stitch Canvas: (I am starting to regret this decision...)
Tomimi: Wha...! B-But...
Stitch Canvas: Right. Right now, we shouldn't—
Tomimi: —In that case, we can't call it the 'Yogi Yota Tower!' It has to have Gavial's name in it! W-We can add my name in there too, while we're at it...!
Stitch Canvas: ......
Tomimi: Uh, no, I mean... Well, Mr. Stitch already talked to Inam about this, but I want everyone to hear him explain it.
Tomimi: This is pretty serious, after all. I sent Gavial a letter too, but I don't know if they'll make it in time...
Yota: Serious? What's so serious? I'm trying to plan out the rest of my life with what little time I have left! What could be more serious than that?
*cough*... I'm not here to judge your fantastical ideas, surface dwellers. However...
Stitch Canvas: Just as I said before, if our city actually meets this crisis, the calamity will destroy everything.
Stitch Canvas: And when that happens, it won't matter how amazing your buildings are. They'll be reduced to rubble.
Gavial: Hey, Zumama.
Eunectes: Gavial? I didn't know we came back at the same time.
Eunectes: How's the situation? Have those Infected settled down?
Gavial: Who do you think you're talking to? Not just the Infected. Mine security, the villagers nearby, and that old man from Rim Billiton. I took care of all of them.
Eunectes: Old man...? You dealt with our business partner, too?
Gavial: Yeah, I've got a problem with the way he treats the Infected. I had to have a friendly chat with him, as a doctor. 'From a doctor's perspective and the Gavial way.'
Gavial: Never mind all that. Have you seen the letter yet?
Eunectes: I haven't been back to the dorms... It's a letter from Tomimi? She went back home to visit her family, didn't she?
Gavial: Yeah, and she's been keeping in touch with her Acahualla friends through Inam.
Gavial: Looked like she was going to ask us to go with her, too.
Eunectes: A trip home together... If only Master Closure hadn't given me any work. That would've been nice.
Eunectes: But if that was the whole story, you wouldn't have bothered to come looking for me, right?
Gavial: Hey now, when did we become strangers?
Eunectes: Never mind... So, what did Inam say? Did Tomimi run into trouble?
Gavial: Yeah, more accurately, the whole rainforest's in trouble.
Eunectes: What?
Gavial: Better pack up and get yourself ready. We're in for a big adventure.
Yota: T-The whole rainforest will sink into the earth?! The entire land will shift and change?!
Stitch Canvas: That's right.
Stitch Canvas: I could explain the structure of a Durin city, but it's not like you would understand. To put it simply, my homeland is under the ground not far from this rainforest.
Stitch Canvas: We've run into some trouble... and that's why I came up here to seek the surface-dwellers' help.
Stitch Canvas: Now, I didn't actually have very high hopes for you lot to begin with, but I saw what you've been doing. Perhaps you can be of some help.
Yota: Well, that does sound like a big problem... but that doesn't have much to do with our tribe, right?
Yogi: Wait, this guy said if the Durin city's destroyed, it'll cause a chain reaction that will affect the surface... and our Yota Yogi Tower will...
Stitch Canvas: On the flipside, if you help us, we'll return the favor with our Durin technology.
Stitch Canvas: I don't know a lot about your tech level... but I can tell at a glance that your kind can sometimes be outrageously primitive.
Yota: Help? From an outsider? Now I'm not so sure we could use any...
Stitch Canvas: Ugh, to me, it's you surface-dwellers who are the outsiders... Never mind.
Tomimi: But Mr. Stitch did point out some serious problems with the 'Forest Mk. III' when he looked at it... although it kinda seems like he got rid of a lot of its functions...
Yota: This guy did?!
Tomimi: Yep, that's why Inam figured we should follow Mr. Stitch underground to see what's going on. I-I'm going too, of course, as the clan leader of 'Gavial's Will.'
Tomimi: And while we're gone, it's up to you guys to take care of everyone in Tiacauh.
Yota: Well, I've got problem with that... I mean, for the sake of our Yo... No, our 'Great Gold Originium Pearl Triangular Tower of Great Acahualla,' you better get this problem solved!
Stitch Canvas: You used the word 'great' twice...
Tomimi: We will.
Yota: But how are you going to get there...? We haven't been outside the forest too much. Are you sure you won't get lost?
???: Don't you worry!
Elysium: After all, I am coming along.
Tomimi: Mr. E-Elysium!
Yogi: You're the Rhodes Islander...
Elysium: Resilient as I am, even I have to take a vacation to alleviate the stress I've accumulated. Little did I know I'd find myself in another tremendous operation to save the Durins... But never mind. Who am I to miss out on more fun?
Elysium: Dylan and Blaze were right. It's a bustling place, but you can still relax and wind down a little. A wonderful little spot.
Elysium: I still have yet to find those famously delicious mushrooms after searching through the woods multiple times, though...
Elysium: I only hope that Miss Inam will follow through on her promise to help me accomplish the 'seven must-dos when visiting Acahualla.'
Tomimi: Mr. Elysium and Mr. Stitch have already gotten the ball rolling. With the two of them as guides, we won't ever lose our way... or at least that's what they promised.
Elysium: Haha, perhaps by the time Gavial and Eunectes make it home, we will have already taken care of everything.
Eunectes: ......
Eunectes: She used to be the impatient one... How come I have to wait half an hour in the hallway for her now?
Eunectes: Look at this new gear... I thought Gavial would file a request for this stuff every month, but I guess that wasn't really the case, judging by Master Closure's reaction.
Eunectes: So I guess she's not going back to playing 'wandering medic who left the tribe'?
Eunectes: ......
Eunectes: This is taking way too long! Gavial, what are you doing?!
Gavial: Don't rush me! You guys put together the most complicated equipment, you know?!
Eunectes: This is what you get when you make an order on such short notice! If you have a problem with that, maybe you should go through proper procedures with Engineering next time.
Gavial: Ugh—! This sucks! Not even those knights in Kazimierz wear this much armor!
Eunectes: Doesn't matter, if there's anything you can't figure out—
Gavial: Forget it! This will do! I'm tossing the rest!
Eunectes: Huh?!
Gavial: Yeah, forget all that junk. Don't need it. The moment I picked up this axe, I figured it all out.
Eunectes: Figured what out...?
Gavial: That this guy's all I need.
Gavial: Did you make it?
Eunectes: It was a rush order.
Gavial: I knew it. Only you could make something this kick-ass. No complaints. From the balance to the weight, all perfect.
Gavial: But this little ornament...
Eunectes: Lancet-2 told me to pour my feelings into everything I contribute to, whether a patient or equipment.
Gavial: She said that, huh? Probably learned it from Closure. Well, whatever winds your sprocket.
Gavial: Alright then, let's go!
Eunectes: ...Gavial!
Gavial: What now, more dawdling?
Eunectes: What... are you going to do? It sounds like the Durins' call for help that Tomimi got might be some kind of crisis their city is facing.
Eunectes: It might be a Catastrophe... It might be war.
Gavial: The letter says 'fire rained down from the sky and burned our quilts' and 'a giant mushroom sprouted from the ground and blocked the sunlight, preventing the plants from growing,' but it's all too abstract.
Gavial: No matter what the problem is, we oughta be able to tackle it. I mean, Inam and Elysium are coming too.
Eunectes: Tackle it how?
Gavial: Didn't you just give me the answer? Check out my getup. I really mean it, Zumama. I haven't been this excited in a while.
Eunectes: So you mean you're using your fists again.
Gavial: Hah, the usual!
Eunectes: The usual, huh...
Gavial: Time waits for no one, Zumama.
Gavial: Don't you want to see with your own eyes what those guys from your tribe have done to the forest?
Eunectes: Hah... I guess so.
Eunectes: Let's get going, then.
====================act3d0_Heart of Surging Flame.xlsx====================
Host: Welcome to the annual Obsidian Festival!
Host: Siesta! Let me hear you!!
Audience: (Thunderous cheering)
Host: No matter who you are or where you're from, forget about all that stuff from now on and leave your troubles behind!
Host: The Obsidian Festival needs each and every one of you to take part in it!! Live it, breathe it, feel it!!
Host: Let me see those hands! I want to see all of y'all!
Audience: (Thunderous cheering)
Host: This year, we're going to select our Hottest Artist, just like we do always do!!
Host: So, while you're having the time of your life during the festival, don't forget to <color=#ee4321>vote</color>!
Host: Attention! You will only have <color=#ee4321>one chance</color>to vote, and you won't be able to change your mind after you've made your decision.
Host: But don't worry, as the results <color=#ee4321>will not affect</color> the rewards you get!
Host: As long as you cast your vote and <color=#ee4321>complete all the milestone missions</color>, you'll receive the milestone rewards corresponding to the artist you voted for!
Audience: Whoooooooooo!
Host: Don't hesitate to vote for your favorite artist!
Host: Now then, prepare to cast your vote!! Tell me who this year's hottest artist is going to be!!
====================act4d0_Operational Intelligence.xlsx====================
Vanguard Operator: Ugh...
Vanguard Operator: Huh? Wh- what happened...?
Vanguard Operator: What am I doing here... why am I laying here...?
Vanguard Operator: I remember! We were infiltrating Chernobog to rescue Dr. {@nickname}——
Vanguard Operator: !
Vanguard Operator: Boss! No, no, the boss, he...
Vanguard Operator: ...Boss...
Vanguard Operator: Huh? What's this paper?
Vanguard Operator: Hold up, this... It's Rhodes Island engineering stationary.
Vanguard Operator: Who could've left it here? What the hell happened?
Vanguard Operator: Woah, that's a lot of big words, and they're all over the place...
*Operator whose name I do not know, hide yourself well. I had no opportunity to check your nameplate, nor do I remember your name.*
*Please pardon the hastily scrawled nature of this message, as I am wanting for time. Do me the favor of reading to the end.*
*First, do not fret. You are safe, for the moment.*
*However, you must not, under any circumstances, leave these ruins. The probability of the enemy spotting you before nightfall is quite high.*
*To put it simply, you are at present completely surrounded by the enemy.*
Vanguard Operator: This isn't the boss's handwriting... did it even come from Rhodes Island?
Vanguard Operator: They sure wrote a lot. Why didn't they just wake me up and tell me——
???: You came.
Vanguard Operator: (Huh? A voice? Is it Reunion? Shit!)
Vanguard Operator: (...No, wait, it sounds familiar. It's that guy from the clinic——)
Hellagur: You have managed to completely paralyze Chernobog. I am not sure whether I should be congratulating you.
???: ——
Hellagur: We have both contracted Oripathy.
???: It truly is you.
???: I thought. It was just rumors.
Hellagur: It's been years, Buldrokkas'tee.
Hellagur: Or is it 'Patriot' now?
Patriot: So. You remember me.
Patriot: ...General.
Hellagur: Were it not for you charging so boldly into the fortress with that shield of yours, Barclay, Semyon, and I would surely have died at the hands of Kazimierz's Silverlance, Pegasus Order of Knighthood.
Patriot: My warriors. Are brave. Do not fear sacrifice.
Hellagur: Hm. Your manner of speech is quite different now than it was years ago.
Hellagur: I once witnessed you rousing the troops with your rhetoric, driving even Barclay the Bald Butcher to cheer your name. No easy feat.
Patriot: The infection. Changed my vocal cords. Now. It is difficult. For me to speak. Fluently. Ridiculous.
Hellagur: ——
Hellagur: As is this identity you have constructed.
Patriot: Oh?
Hellagur: So, the Northern Tundra Guerrillas... that was you leading them. I never would have imagined you could be running around with dozens of Wendigos.
Hellagur: That cavalry commander, Alyosha Bluebeard, he made a bet with me that you would become Grand Marshal of the Ursus Army.
Patriot: Just staff captain, General. Times have changed.
Hellagur: ...I was jesting. But your loyalty, your record, and the plans you would devise in our staff meetings... You truly were one of the finest officers in all of Ursus.
Patriot: You go too far. I am Sarkaz, after all.
Hellagur: If someone like you couldn't become colonel, the entire Ursus High Command should have been court-martialed.
Hellagur: Of course, most of them are long dead.
Patriot: Then, I have outlasted them. Your colleagues, are mostly dead.
Patriot: And, His Majesty said, the army serves the country. Not their careers.
Hellagur: He also once said it is not blood that binds the Ursus people together, but conviction. What of that now? I can only hope His Majesty is ready to rest in peace.
Hellagur: All our recent Emperors have seen you as nothing more than monsters. You are not Ursus warriors to them. They have done everything they can to oppress your people.
Patriot: That one, more enlightened Emperor. Has already passed. This, I understand.
Patriot: The war beasts. Of Ursus. Could drown the world, with their numbers. I am not special.
Hellagur: Then it is not because of the Army that you left.
Patriot: Correct. I do not care. I want only to stand, shoulder to shoulder. With my warriors.
Patriot: ......
Patriot: General, sit. Drink, with me. I have some. From the north.
Hellagur: ...Time grows short. Let us save it for next time.
Patriot: Oh... Very well.
Patriot: No matter.
Patriot: Go to 4th street. Find survivors. Do not threaten them. Minimize casualties. Look for supplies. Our stocks, are low, as always.
Reunion Troops: Yes, sir!
Patriot: I feared you dead.
Hellagur: Life underground is a sort of death. Who I am today has little to do with who I was.
Patriot: You hide, here? Less than ideal.
Hellagur: Chernobog has long been uninhabitable. The Catastrophe makes little difference to that effect.
Patriot: Seems you must leave.
Hellagur: The clinic has been extensively looted. We evacuated beforehand, but the loss is still substantial.
Hellagur: It was only after I heard the rumors of your presence that I decided to stay here and see for myself.
Patriot: I do not deserve, such attention. It is dangerous, here.
Hellagur: I wanted only to see how one of my few remaining brothers has weathered the years.
Patriot: You did not. Those ties broke. Long ago.
Hellagur: Hmph...
Patriot: ...I will find out, who did it. Your clinic. That was, an aberration.
Hellagur: There is no need. At least, with you here, it is very unlikely that Reunion is responsible.
Patriot: I cannot be sure. Reunion, can be, hard to control. There are some, communication barriers.
Patriot: Still, General. You could join, Reunion.
Patriot: If Ursus was, to be liberated. Then the Infected, and the others, could live. As equals.
Hellagur: ......
Hellagur: Look here. Look around us. Look at this building impaled by Originium.
Patriot: I see it.
Hellagur: This was once a shopping mall. All the people in a three block radius depended on this building for their very survival.
Patriot: The Catastrophe. Destroyed Chernobog. Destroyed the fortress, destroyed the city. I do not agree with, the methods. But this was, necessary. We had, no choice.
Hellagur: It was not long ago that the clocktower was done up in colorful lights. Another dazzling array hung over the intersection below, bathing it in a warm glow.
Patriot: The Infected, had no right, to enjoy those lights.
Hellagur: You want to make the lights glow again, and I simply want to build another market. This is the difference between us.
Patriot: ——There was a time. When you would not. Compromise like this.
Hellagur: Perhaps. There may not be such a bright future at Rhodes Island, but I cannot say I feel much for this place either.
Patriot: You simply do not, wish to fight your motherland. General.
Patriot: Look at this city. Look at the Infected. Look at the mall, ruined by Originium. Look at the dead.
Patriot: And you. You have never, been afraid, to get your hands dirty.
Hellagur: Correct. Should Ursus move violently against us, we will not hesitate to fight back.
Hellagur: But Reunion's actions are rather outside my idea of fighting back. Look at this broken city beneath our feet——Reunion is provoking a war.
Hellagur: And how many people would die in such a war? How many Ursus lives would a civil war cost?
Hellagur: Imagine it. The Ursus devouring itself. Massacring itself. Obliterating itself.
Patriot: General.
Hellagur: ——
Patriot: What if, the Ursus, treated the Infected, as Ursus?
Patriot: Then, there would be, no war.
Reunion Soldier: Excuse me.
Patriot: What?
Reunion Soldier: Reporting in. The leadership has made a statement: Chernobog is now completely under our control. We are broadcasting on all frequencies.
Reunion Soldier: The leadership has asked for a situation report from each division.
Patriot: Right. I'll take care of it.
Patriot: Sorry, General. Wait a minute.
Hellagur: ——
Hellagur: Does Reunion truly understand what they are doing?
Reunion Soldier: ......
Reunion Soldier: How am I supposed to answer you, old man?
Reunion Soldier: Or were you not really asking? I guess all I can say is we're following the commander.
Reunion Soldier: No matter what the commander does, we're behind him.
Reunion Soldier: If it's right, he'll do it. If it's wrong, he'll change.
Reunion Soldier: We believe in Talulah and we believe in the commander. We fight for the Infected. Got it?
Hellagur: ......
Patriot: General.
Hellagur: Reunion has won a great victory. And yet I do not detect any joy in your voice.
Patriot: Should I be? Happy...?
Patriot: If the Ursus will it, any city, will be flattened.
Patriot: Such an outcome, is most challenging. This battle, it confuses me. The Ursus response.
Hellagur: The war has already begun. There is no turning back now.
Patriot: Perhaps. I have been foolish.
Patriot: However, if I do nothing. The chains of the Infected, will grow heavier.
Patriot: Should we lose, our conception of the struggle, we move toward annihilation.
Hellagur: So you do understand the situation. You do know what you have done.
Patriot: Yes. We are, fighting for our lives.
Hellagur: Then I have no further questions.
Reunion Soldier: Reporting in!
Patriot: Subcity Sector 3, damage report?
Reunion Soldier: Yes, sir!
Patriot: Spare me the details. Save the civilians. It is dangerous. Protect yourselves. Don't be heroes.
Patriot: Bring a caster. Use drones to scout. That's what they're for.
Reunion Soldier: Understood!
Patriot: Right...
Patriot: Where is it, you plan to go?
Hellagur: Rhodes Island
Vanguard Operator: ...?!
Patriot: Ah, I see. Rhodes Island.
Patriot: But. Reunion has just. Attacked Rhodes Island.
Vanguard Operator: Why you...
Vanguard Operator: Amiya and Dobermann, I hope they're okay...
Vanguard Operator: What should I do? What can I do right now...?
Hellagur: ——If they move into Chernobog at a time like this, everyone would view Rhodes Island as an enemy.
Hellagur: Why would they do this?
Patriot: Unclear. But, there is nothing I can do, to stop the conflict.
Patriot: We just had a warrior. Fighting alone. A Sarkaz mercenary.
Patriot: And, the one from, Rhodes Island, was also Sarkaz.
Hellagur: The same sort of misery... There is no difference between them and Reunion.
Patriot: The masses. Fooled by the Ursus. But to us, we are compatriots.
Vanguard Operator: Huh? A Sarkaz... from Rhodes Island?
Patriot: But a mercenary. Fights for fighting's sake. Rhodes Island's warrior. Has a reason to fight.
Patriot: He lost. But he shot dead, many elite troops. The new mercenary captain, was at a loss.
Patriot: And, the enemy. He led away from the ruins.
Vanguard Operator: ?!
Patriot: He wanted to hide something. He did.
Patriot: In the ashes. Was this thing. Please, return it to them.
Patriot: A true warrior... with no name.
Hellagur: I will.
Vanguard Operator: A Sarkaz... Don't tell me that was Scout protecting me...?
Hellagur: A true warrior...
Hellagur: Yes. You have said as much before.
Patriot: Go on.
Hellagur: Thirty some years ago, you wanted to have a test of sorts with me.
Patriot: Now? No longer.
Patriot: My armor. You could not pierce it. It would be unfair.
Hellagur: This armor is well past its prime. A far cry from the days when the Army performed regular maintenance on it.
Patriot: My armor, is Ursus. I am a, traitor to the Empire. It will deteriorate. More and more.
Hellagur: And that is why you bear the name you do. When the Empire has done wrong, you stand up to her.
Patriot: I cannot say, General. I did not choose, this name.
Hellagur: 'Patriot,' is war with Ursus the correct course of action?
Patriot: Naturally. Our war, is righteous. If not, the countless sacrifices. Were in vain.
Patriot: General. We both know, the true solution.
Hellagur: ——
Patriot: But they must not, die in vain. Their deaths. Must have meaning.
Hellagur: But you have already risen up, against Ursus.
Patriot: What I oppose. Is the Empire. Not the land. Not the people. Not Ursus itself.
Patriot: If the Minister of Medicine. Did this. He is our enemy.
Patriot: If a conspiracy, of the legislature. We overthrow the legislature.
Patriot: If the Army, fabricated resistance. We destroy the army.
Patriot: Talulah's goals are broad. Far-reaching. Mine are localized. And specific.
Patriot: The past wars of Ursus, were just. Now, the war of the Infected, is just.
Patriot: I fight for justice. Justice, forever belongs to Ursus.
Reunion Soldier: Reporting in! We have arrested some Reunion operatives who engaged in undisciplined behavior during the uprising. Here are their names!
Reunion Soldier: There were no operatives from Teams 2, 3, or 6 among the primary instigators.
Patriot: These are but a small part.
Reunion Soldier: Well, I'm afraid... this was a difficult investigation.
Reunion Soldier: Many of our comrades despise the Chernobogians. They're hesitant to inform on each other...
Patriot: This undisciplined behavior. They laid hands on civilians?
Reunion Soldier: ......
Reunion Soldier: Didn't they deserve it, after how cruel and uncaring they were?!
Reunion Soldier: Were it not for them, how many more Infected would have made it? Please, Commander...!
Patriot: They laid hands on civilians?
Reunion Soldier: ......
Patriot: Listen.
Patriot: Hang them. The instigators. Have my men, do it.
Patriot: Tell them. Mephisto. Crownslayer.
Reunion Soldier: ......Yes, sir.
Patriot: ...The rest, demerits.
Reunion Soldier: D- demerits, sir?
Patriot: One more infraction, death. All of this, inform the leadership.
Reunion Soldier: Right! Yes, sir!
Patriot: Hate. Has grown too deep.
Patriot: If we don't fight. Hate overwhelms. It will blind Ursus.
Hellagur: I never imagined Reunion was so disorganized... And when you always had such high expectations for discipline. Higher than most Ursus.
Patriot: Most of them, are not soldiers. They have no training. They must be taught. In discipline, we have strength.
Hellagur: As your conflict continues to intensify, neither side will be able to sue for peace. Perhaps you are right. This is the awakening Ursus needs.
Patriot: General, you could. Help us.
Hellagur: I am afraid not, 'Patriot.' I will never again step into a war.
Patriot: ...Indeed. This is, a war.
Patriot: You do not, wish to fight. This, I know.
Hellagur: Ursus no longer has anything for me. Time has run its course.
Hellagur: I no longer feel for the country what I once did. Forgive me. The man who stands before you is nothing but a spineless coward.
Patriot: No! No. You are not.
Patriot: Would that, my son, had lived. I would not, have walked this path. I understand you.
Hellagur: He... what?
Hellagur: ...He was a great man. I am sorry.
Patriot: Why apologize, General? You did nothing. I am damned.
Patriot: Oh, yes. The knife in your hand. Yes. You adopted, the daughter, of the enemy commander.
Patriot: My daughter, is older. When, next we meet. I will bring her.
Hellagur: Hah. I hope they get along.
Reunion Soldier A: We have wounded! Get their blood types! Don't mix up the Infected and Uninfected! Quickly!
Reunion Soldier B: You can give Uninfected blood to the Infected!
Reunion Soldier A: Who's the next of kin?
Reunion Soldier A: Forget it, just get to safety! Britt... move it!
Patriot: Talulah's attack, on Rhodes Island. This misunderstanding. Will be hard to, clear up.
Patriot: I do not wish, to fight you. If this cannot, be solved.
Hellagur: This may go beyond what we can solve ourselves.
Patriot: ...General.
Patriot: It saddens me. That we cannot, once again, fight side by side.
Hellagur: ...Listen to me, 'Patriot...'
Hellagur: I alone have never been able to decide the fate of Ursus.
Hellagur: Countless generals before me have sought to become masters of the Empire's destiny, and to a man they all died miserable failures.
Hellagur: Just as the many emperors have escaped the wrath of history.
Hellagur: The Empire has weathered its crises and enjoyed its golden ages. The sorcerors can divine the Empire's future, the ministers can plan the outcomes of campaigns, courtiers can study the shifting Catastrophes...
Hellagur: I have never participated in any political machinations. Not in the legislature, not in the army. Never.
Hellagur: They always embarrassed me with their confidence. Everyone who thought his victory certain saw his dreams shattered. Everyone who thought his survival assured is now dead.
???: Mama, what are we going to eat tonight?
???: Potatoes again? I, I don't wanna eat boiled potatoes again!
???: Huh? You have to go fight? Mama, you don't have to fight.
???: Uncle, does Mama have to go with you again? I want her to stay! I don't want Mama to go!
???: Uncle, please make Mama stay. When Daddy went with you, he never came back...
???: I don't wanna be alone again, Uncle...
Hellagur: Win or lose, a war is a war.
Hellagur: And where we go, ruin follows. Only ruin.
Hellagur: We are but pawns on the chessboard of war. And who cares for the pawns? Who cares to even know their names?
Patriot: You, are correct. I, am correct. War, doesn't care, who is correct.
Patriot: Yet you persist. I persist.
Hellagur: For what? 'Patriot' of Reunion, I ask you:
Hellagur: No matter what meaning your war may hold...
Hellagur: After however many years this Ursus campaign takes, when you have filled mass graves in a dozen cities, will their lives have meant anything? Will anyone remember their names?
Patriot: Names? Mean nothing. Warriors don't think, of these things.
Hellagur: You call them warriors...
Hellagur: Sometimes, these nameless people cannot articulate their reasons for joining in battle.
Hellagur: Now, they have no chance to do so.
Hellagur: I have grown tired of such things. I now wish only to protect those around me. At least this small thing is within my power.
Hellagur: To Ursus, to the Infected,
Hellagur: This is all I can say.
Patriot: I can't blame you, General. You don't need, to face death again.
Patriot: Oripathy, will kill me, sooner or later. I am a warrior. I want my death, to have meaning.
Hellagur: I am glad you have a reason to keep fighting. I truly hope you will find happiness.
Patriot: ...Hm. General. Listen.
Hellagur: I'm here.
Patriot: You don't fear death. If you did, you would be, at Rhodes Island.
Patriot: You stay. You listen. You don't fear Catastrophe.
Patriot: You want to know. Reunion's goal.
Hellagur: In fact, I want to know what you plan for the Infected of Ursus.
Patriot: Then. I will, tell you.
Patriot: You are tired, of fighting. I fight, for you.
Patriot: The rights, of the Infected. You and your children. I fight to free you, all.
Patriot: You are tired, of fighting. Good. Wallow in disgust. To end war, is also good.
Patriot: My days, are numbered. I will fight, to the end.
Hellagur: ......
Hellagur: You truly are an Ursus.
Hellagur: And this truly is a tragic war.
Hellagur: It may come to pass that I never again set foot on Ursus soil.
Hellagur: Listen well, Buldrokkas'tee.
Hellagur: You shall not be my enemy. Ever.
Patriot: ————
Patriot: I do regret. That I never, served under you.
Patriot: General, you shall not, be my enemy. Either.
Patriot: ——
Patriot: It's late, General. My men will, get you out, of the city. Easily.
Hellagur: I would not want to cause problems for you with your leadership.
Patriot: You won't. General.
Patriot: She does not care.
Hellagur: Splendid. Then I accept.
Patriot: ——
Patriot: General!
Hellagur: Hm?
Patriot: ......
Patriot: I hope... I pray...
Patriot: That you find yourself. A true home, for yourself.
Vanguard Operator: ......
Vanguard Operator: Scout... why did you do this for me?
Vanguard Operator: I'm garbage! Why did you think I'm worth saving...?!
Vanguard Operator: What am I even doing? I just got a bunch of great intel off Reunion, but who am I supposed to give it to?
Vanguard Operator: Maybe we got them all wrong? I guess if we could clear up this misunderstanding, maybe we wouldn't have to...
Vanguard Operator: Oh right... this paper. Were there any orders written on it?
Vanguard Operator: I can do it, Scout... anything you tell me to do...
Vanguard Operator: I won't let the boss down...!
Scout: I have a humble request, if I might be so bold. As recompense, I took the liberty of treating your wounds. You are, for the time being, out of mortal danger.
Scout: So I ask that you entertain my frivolous trifles.
Scout: My objective for this operation is to rescue the Doctor. Amiya is quite insistent on this matter. She cannot be persuaded otherwise.
Scout: Ace and Amiya are of one mind. They firmly believe that only by rescuing the Doctor can Rhodes Island break this deadlock.
Scout: Assuming the good Doctor retains the same mental faculties as before, Rhodes Island might well be looking at a golden age.
Scout: But weak as I am, I am uncertain...
Scout: I am not certain I have the fortitude to undertake such a golden age.
Vanguard Operator: What...? What does that mean?
Scout: Over the past three years, I have suffered many losses, and bid farewell to those like unto my own flesh and blood.
Scout: I always believed that as long as one of us lived on, we could someday be reunited. In this spirit I have served Rhodes Island.
Scout: But having lost so much, now I see that even a perpetual pessimist like Misery seeks to bring back the Doctor.
Scout: He believes with every fiber of his being that we are destined for a future of endless victories, that we shall put death and loss behind us.
Scout: I do not share this belief.
Scout: It is not that I doubt the Doctor's skill. The Doctor can indeed tip the scales. Without the Doctor, Kazdel would be dust in the wind.
Scout: In fact, it was the Doctor who taught me what it means to fight.
Scout: And yet... With the Doctor commanding us... looking into the Doctor's eyes, one sees only victory.
Scout: Nothing but victory. I see nothing, save victory.
Scout: Nothing else in those eyes.
Scout: And so I am left thinking: the truth that Kal'tsit is so unwilling to reveal, does it have to do with the Doctor?
Scout: In these three years, why must we draw more and more crosses onto the photos of our friends? Why do these sacrifices grow more and more frequent? Why do we fight without understanding the fundamental goals of our organization?
Scout: I dare not speculate. I cannot speculate.
Scout: If the Doctor must be forged in the crucible of war, then we force this professor to transform from an educator and a researcher into a war machine...
Scout: And as such, it would be a truly grave mistake for us to ask Dr. {@nickname} to march into battle.
Scout: The Doctor should not command even one more battle. For Rhodes Island's sake, and for the Doctor's own sake.
Scout: ...Forgive my naiveté.
Scout: I recognize that my ideas are rather juvenile... and have therefore thus far been unwilling to disclose them.
Scout: I can only imagine how the others would laugh at me. I do not like being laughed at. And I had planned to carry these thoughts with me to my grave.
Scout: But then it came down to this. And I found the hope that someone might join me in taking up this idea...
Scout: I want the Doctor to begin anew.
Scout: If the Doctor could live without any connection to Rhodes Island, if the Doctor could stand again, having no memory of these preceding events...
Scout: If the Doctor could avoid walking once more the path of war, then all would be well.
Scout: I bear only this unrealistic hope
Vanguard Operator: ......
Scout: Forgive my verbosity. If you have no interest, then simply forget these words altogether.
Scout: Right. There are three things you may not forget.
Scout: First: Say to Dr. {@nickname} the following,
Scout: 'I will never forget fighting side by side with you, Doctor.'
Scout: Second: my squad.
Scout: ——
Scout: Slink, Pter, Scorpion, Leafa, Milim, Tipsy, Slanna, Mimi, Mary, Thumbtack, Mudflower, and Macron.
Scout: My squad, twelve of them.
Scout: They broke through the enemy lines and held off their reinforcements. Were it not for them, I would never have been able to neutralize their mercenary commander.
Scout: However, we lost all twelve of these exemplary operators in the course of their duties.
Scout: I beg you, bear witness to their actions.
Scout: Should one ask, you must tell them for me:
Scout: While no one will remember the names of my squadmates, they must remember that they died with honor. They did not shrink in the face of death.
Scout: Of course, I know many have given their lives in service of the project that is Rhodes Island. No one's death is unique.
Scout: We do not fight for any one individual life. To do so would dishonor their deaths.
Scout: Tell the one who asks: they gave their lives for what they believed in.
Scout: Finally:
Scout: You must go on living for yourself. My Rhodes Island brother whose name I do not know, I have said so much to you, not that you should go off and die.
Scout: Life is precious. You must live to pursue that bright future.
Scout: That is all, my brother.
Scout: Treasure your life.
Vanguard Operator: Why...
Vanguard Operator: The Doctor... Rhodes Island...
Patriot: Warrior!
Vanguard Operator: !
Patriot: You can hear, my voice.
Patriot: You have a chance, to escape. Wait, until nightfall.
Patriot: Head south. Avoid the light. You have one chance. Tonight.
Patriot: ——or——
Patriot: There are many, in Chernobog, who need help. You can, see them.
Patriot: The choice. Is yours.
Vanguard Operator: ......
Vanguard Operator: Boss, Scout, our brothers...
Vanguard Operator: I'll do it.
====================act5d0_Code of Brawl.xlsx====================
*11:37 P.M. \ Cloudy*
*Lungmen, Sunset Boulevard, a certain bar, the last unwiped table near the back*
Capone: Jack of Spades. Straight flush. I win again, Gambino.
Gambino: You win again. But you deal slower than I do with my toes.
Capone: You backin' out again?
Gambino: Shut up.
Capone: Shut up? Wish you knew how to shut up last night. Coulda saved us a lotta trouble.
Gambino: You been in Lungmen a long time, Capone. Maybe you need a reminder in how you talk to me, the boss.
Capone: Sit down, you moron. It's thanks to that temper of yours that business in Siracusa's so lousy.
Gambino: You been here seven or eight years, and what've you done besides learn some Lungmen swearings? You stood here and watched our channels dry up?
Capone: I'm the one who got us a supporter last night. Try as you did to cock it up.
Capone: And besides, here in Lungmen, you and me are equals, 'boss.'
Gambino: The way this Rat King runs the show here, ain't it just the old worn out Siracusan tricks?
Capone: If only you could play a good Siracusan hand worth a damn.
Gambino: Too bad you're the worst card in it.
Capone: We got a role to play in Lungmen. Think about it: we got a tired, broken down city with a rich underworld. It could be a new home for the Family.
Gambino: Only Siracusa can truly respect us, Capone. Don't forget the shame of being driven out of our home with our tails between our legs.
Capone: You can't eat honor.
Gambino: Hmph.
Capone: Wei Yenwu set some rules for this city. As long as we don't break 'em, we can run our rackets here just like before. Lungmen needs a little 'legitimate business.'
Gambino: ...I ain't seen you in years and I'm already gettin' sick of you.
Capone: Same same, boss.
Gambino: You...!
???: Can you not have your noisy lovers' quarrel in here? This lousy champagne's doin' enough to piss me off. Grab a bottle and take it outside, aight?
Gambino: Get outta here. This don't concern you.
???: Watch your tone. I'm the boss in here.
???: We got a one-stop funeral service, if you're interested. 20% off if you both die together.
Capone: Hey... ain't this guy...?
Gambino: ...This is what we get since we left Siracusa. Nobody knows you're Sicilian.
???: Who gives a shit who you are?
Gambino: Yo, Capone, do me a favor and torch this tacky joint. Call it 'urban beautification.' Wei Yenwu'll thank us for tearin' down a tastelessly decorated rathole.
Capone: Quiet! Don't provoke him!
???: Oh?
Emperor: Who you callin' 'tasteless?'
====================act6d5_Ancient Forge.xlsx====================
*Act One*
*Spring*
*Use your spear to strike your shield.*
*Use your shield to block your spear.*
*Use your spear to strike your shield.*
*Use your shield to block... to block...*
*To block...*
*......*
*............*
*...oh my. This could go on forever, couldn't it?*
*What can we do? I have to think of something...*
*Use your spear to strike your shield...*
*Use your shield to block your spear...*
*It needs an 'and then' in there.*
*And then, and then... Ah, got it!*
*And then there is a massive explosion. That would do the trick, wouldn't it?*
*11:15 P.M. \ Clear*
*Lunar New Year's Eve, Lungmen, Forward Command Post*
*'District 14 reporting, all clear.'*
*'District 5 reporting, situation normal.'*
*'District 1 reporting, nothing out of the ordinary.'*
*'Green across the board. Good work, everyone. Stay on your toes.'*
*'Roger.'*
*'Understood.'*
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: Yaaawn...
Serious L.G.D. Officer: You're on the night shift now. How's it going?
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: Well, the migration is going according to plan. Movement speed normal. No anomalies.
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: This is the only Originium reaction we need to check out. Take a look.
Serious L.G.D. Officer: ...'Suspected Originium explosive device activation'? What is it? Somebody shooting off fireworks in the park?
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: Keep reading. There's a location.
Serious L.G.D. Officer: Tung Fong Street, Number 122. It's a warehouse. Currently leased by Penguin... Oh, of course.
Serious L.G.D. Officer: I can only hope we're in for another calm and peaceful year.
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: You said it. Let's just put in our hours and get home for chow.
Serious L.G.D. Officer: That doesn't mean we get to relax. Chief Wei told us to stay frosty.
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: You know, I've lived in Lungmen my whole life, and every year people freak out...
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: I've never seen the 'Nian' before. What is it?
Serious L.G.D. Officer: I've never seen it either. And you asked me the same thing last year.
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: The greenhorns are already convinced it's just an urban legend.
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: If there was some kind of fire-breathing giant, we'd spot it before it got within thirty klicks of Lungmen and the defensive cannons would solve that problem pretty quick.
Serious L.G.D. Officer: Must be some great big beast, highly territorial, but unlikely to ever attack a city.
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: That's what they say. But everybody's still on alert. I mean, it's on Chief Wei's own orders.
Serious L.G.D. Officer: Yeah, yeah. Save it. I've already written you clowns up for slurping down instant noodles in the control room. Not that I blame you. That's your New Year's banquet. Still waiting for your red envelopes full of money?
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: ......
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: Then Chief Wei's met the Nian?
Serious L.G.D. Officer: You respect the chain of command, don't you?
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: Of course! It's because of Chief Wei that I joined the force to begin with!
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: It's just... to get all hands on deck, watching out for some giant nobody's seen for decades?
Serious L.G.D. Officer: Chief Wei's very thorough. She covers all her bases. You know this.
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: That's what they say...
???: S- sorry I'm late! I brought Originium test results!
???: Um? Where's... err... Chief Wei?
Serious L.G.D. Officer: Well... Not here.
???: Wh- wha? But Superintendent Ch'en told me to check the control center...
Serious L.G.D. Officer: We're on the roof...
Serious L.G.D. Officer: Head down the stairs and make a left. That great big room with all the blinking lights? That's your control center.
???: Aaagh, I just ran up from there. Don't tell me I went the wrong way...
???: Sorry to bother you! I'll get out of your hair right away!
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: What was that all about? Who was she?
Serious L.G.D. Officer: Must be new. Looked like a techie.
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: Did you see how wired up she was? It's definitely her first New Year. Takes me back to my first time...
???: Phew, whew, sorry. Can you point me to the control center...?
Ch'en: ...Snowsant? What are you doing back here?
Snowsant: Wha? Superintendent Ch'en, you beat me here?
Ch'en: I think you got a little mixed up.
*Ch'en, Senior Superintendent of the L.G.D.*
*The youngest Senior Superintendent in Lungmen history, and Snowsant's superior.*
Snowsant: S- s- s- s- s- sorry! I got lost!
Snowsant: Ummmmmmm... do you think maybe I'll need to be r-r-r-reprimanded for not delivering this extremely important report on time...?
Ch'en: No, I don't think there's any need for that. You're new and I also bear some responsibility for not telling you the way.
Ch'en: Come with me.
Snowsant: Sure... err... Yes, ma'am!
Snowsant: It's already midnight, and there's still so many people around...
Ch'en: It's like this every year. Just a precaution.
Snowsant: ...a precaution? Oh, are you talking about the legendary Nian?
Ch'en: Were you in Columbia so long you never saw the L.G.D. face down the Lunar New Year?
Snowsant: My grandma told me stories about the 'Nian' when I was little... But they were so scary I never thought they could be true...
Snowsant: Four-legged beasts, covered in flames from head to toe, awakened from their subterranean slumber by humans building their cities, they... No! No way they could be real!
Ch'en: Stories, huh?
Ch'en: Lots of people think they're just stories. Whatever helps them sleep at night.
Ch'en: Too bad all the damage to our city throughout history isn't just stories. The names carved on the headstones aren't just stories.
Ch'en: It's been quiet for many years. But we have to stay alert.
Ch'en: You've lived in Lungmen before, but you haven't been back for long. Now you need to brush up on everything you've missed.
Snowsant: S-s-s-sorry! Everyone's working so hard, I guess I should probably...
*Sigh*. Just calm down...
Ch'en: Nobody in this building has ever met the Nian before.
Ch'en: We've got a lot of greenhorns who don't believe. Some of them even question the L.G.D.'s mission. It happens. I'm used to it.
Snowsant: Wow... Poor L.G.D....
Ch'en: Go report to Chief Wei and then get some rest. I want another report first thing in the morning.
Snowsant: Ummmmmmm... Erm! Superintendent Ch'en! Could you tell me, um, what Chief Wei is like?
Snowsant: When you told me I would meet her today... I um...
Ch'en: Before I answer you, I need you to gather up some confidence.
Ch'en: It was Chief Wei herself who personally sent the request for you to return from Columbia. You need to believe in yourself, and believe you can handle your mission.
Ch'en: What I'm trying to say is: puff out that chest, girl!
Snowsant: S- sorry...
*Sigh*. That means you need to stop apologizing all the time.
Ch'en: Just like you're talking with me, you take all the information you've got, and calmly and coolly explain it to Chief Wei, in a nice, steady pace.
Ch'en: Don't overthink this.
Snowsant: Okay, I can do it, erm...
Ch'en: Chief Wei.
Wei Fumizuki: You've worked hard. Both of you.
*Fumizuki, Chief Executive of Lungmen, Woman of Mystery.*
*...As yet unconfirmed rumors say that she has a dedicated husband managing internal affairs.*
Wei Fumizuki: Now, not to denigrate your efforts, but it seems this report is a bit later than anticipated.
Snowsant: Oh, that would be because——
Ch'en: Sorry. We took some extra time to straighten out the report.
Ch'en: And there were some individuals consuming cup noodles in Sector 22's control center. I had to reprimand them.
Ch'en: It was poor time management on my part. I take full responsibility, Chief Wei.
Wei Fumizuki: ...Yes, I understand.
Wei Fumizuki: Why don't you introduce this lovely young lady first?
Ch'en: This is our senior engineer in charge of maintaining our outer perimeter installations. Codename Snowsant. I think you know her.
Snowsant: Th-th-th-th-th-this is our first time meeting! P-p-p-p-please call me Snowsant!
*Snowsant, newly hired intern and head of Lungmen's Frontier Defense Engineering Department.*
*She holds the record for fastest promotion in history. And yet she has zero confidence in herself!*
Snowsant: Um, but, I guess Superintendent Ch'en already introduced me...
Wei Fumizuki: This is not actually our first meeting, little Snowsant.
Wei Fumizuki: And yet I see a whole new woman before me. Your time in Columbia has done much for you.
Snowsant: You... you remember me?
Wei Fumizuki: How could I forget? Your talent and character are known far and wide.
Wei Fumizuki: Not to mention your impressive record before you even left Lungmen.
Snowsant: Chief Wei has known about me for so long...? I... did I do something wrong?
Wei Fumizuki: I make a point to know of our promising young people, that's all.
Snowsant: I-I-I-I-I'm honored! But I never thought anyone would notice me, on account of I'm not so good with words...
Wei Fumizuki: Unfortunately, I have no time for whitewashed plagiarism and self-serving rhetoric.
L.G.D. Officer: Sorry to interrupt, Chief Wei. We've received a docking request from a vessel belonging to one of our strategic partners.
Wei Fumizuki: ——Understood.
Wei Fumizuki: Snowsant, I will be brief. The L.G.D. is welcoming some guests shortly.
Wei Fumizuki: This evening will be Lungmen's finest hour.
Snowsant: Ah, yes!
Snowsant: Wow, it's gotten so late...
Ch'en: We could have been earlier.
Snowsant: Ummm... Sorry. I'll look over the handbooks some more when I get home.
Ch'en: Good thinking.
Snowsant: Don't worry! When you see me tomorrow, Superintendent Ch'en, I'll be able to draw a map of every level from memory!
Ch'en: ...Let's not get carried away.
Ch'en: The point is, from now on you'll be reporting directly to Chief Wei. Don't get psyched out.
Snowsant: R- right!
Snowsant: But, um... Are you not going home, Superintendent Ch'en?
Ch'en: I have other things to do. We're short handed, and I know a certain crowd that needs a direct approach.
Ch'en: Not to mention... It hasn't been announced to the public yet, but the L.G.D. has some... leads.
Snowsant: Poor Superintendent Ch'en...
Ch'en: Never mind. I'm used to it.
Ch'en: It's your first New Year since you're back in Lungmen. Enjoy it.
Snowsant: Right! Thanks!
*Lungmen Park*
Madame Oni: Cheers.
Crowd: Cheers!
Gangster: To you, Madame Oni, and another great year with you!
Gangster: It's all thanks to Madame Oni that the gang did so well this past year!
Gangster: Madame Oni! When are we going to Temple Street?
Madame Oni: ...Hey, no rush. We got lots of time——
Madame Oni: But I'm still waiting on a guest. I know she's coming. I had a nasty vision. My eyelid twitched all morning.
Gangster: Huh? A guest? Who is it?
Ch'en: ....Me.
Gangster: You! When did you get here?!
Ch'en: Obstruction of justice, destruction of public property, trespassing, disturbing the peace, assault. You made a lot of noise last year, 'Madame Oni.'
Madame Oni: They asked for it.
Ch'en: If you say so.
Madame Oni: You're a busy woman, Ch'en Sir. That must be why you're getting all mixed up and only just now remembering things from last year. Here, let's raise a glass to Ch'en Sir.
Ch'en: Save it. Let's skip the games. I know what you're about to do.
Ch'en: But you're not going anywhere now.
Madame Oni: ......
Madame Oni: That doesn't make much sense, Ch'en Sir?
Madame Oni: We owned up to last year because we did wrong. But this time, we haven't done anything. You're still gonna lock us down?
Ch'en: Don't play dumb. Do I have to remind you what came of your strange little rituals last year?
Ch'en: The L.G.D. doesn't have the manpower to play around with you, so I'm nipping this in the bud.
Madame Oni: You think I'm playing around?
Ch'en: ......
*Deep sigh*. All right, for old time's sake, Ch'en Sir.
Madame Oni: You guys have been battening down the hatches on this year's Nian prep so hard, I was thinking Ursus already fired a shot across our bow.
Madame Oni: So we'll be good little boys and girls this time around. As long as you play by our rules.
Ch'en: ...Fine.
Ch'en: I knew it would go down like this anyway.
Madame Oni: With one condition... If I win, you have to tell me what's got the L.G.D. on edge.
Madame Oni: 'This year's special circumstances...' You know what I mean, Ch'en Sir?
Ch'en: Why would you want to know?
Madame Oni: There's always someone who wants to know.
Ch'en: All right. Fine. I'll play along.
Madame Oni: That's what I like to hear! Come on, let's get to drinking!
Mr. Wei, Ordinary Citizen: They're so rowdy over there.
Retiree: They're like this every year. Don't mind them. The rowdy types have rowdy rituals.
Mr. Wei, Ordinary Citizen: Back when we were on the force, we wouldn't let them get away with stuff like this.
Retiree: Of course not. We even beat back the Nian.
Mr. Wei, Ordinary Citizen: Do you mean the time with the subsonic Originium slug?
Retiree: I mean the time with the underground legion.
Mr. Wei, Ordinary Citizen: You weren't a cop yet then. I was.
Retiree: Is that right? I can't remember.
Mr. Wei, Ordinary Citizen: Hey... did you just touch the board?
Retiree: Certainly not. Have you ever known me to take back a move?
Mr. Wei, Ordinary Citizen: No, you never take back moves. You just wait until I'm not looking to swap around some pieces.
Retiree: Why I never! And I resent the accusation! Ahahaha——
Rich Girl: Humm~♪ Hummm~♪
Honor Student: You're in a good mood.
Rich Girl: It's New Year's! Why wouldn't I be?
Honor Student: I guess that's true...
Honor Student: But there's gotta be more to it?
Rich Girl: Aren't you happy you passed the L.G.D. exam?
Rich Girl: I thought you wanted to join up just because of your dad, but it turns out you're really into it?
Honor Student: There's that. It's always better to chase your own dreams than be at the mercy of others.
Rich Girl: So unlike you...
Honor Student: This is the way.
Honor Student: But you're really so cheerful just for my sake?
*Sigh*... do you have to say it like that...?
Honor Student: Heh. Thanks.
Rich Girl: Cards on the table. That's the way to go.
Honor Student: And here I thought you made a quick buck playing the forex market on Victoria's slide. I had you all wrong.
Rich Girl: Hey.
Honor Student: Or did your investments in Rim Billiton pay off? It was a mining thing... I think I remember the transfer process wasn't exactly above board.
Rich Girl: Y- you know a lot about this...
Honor Student: But of course. We're friends, aren't we? Be-a-trix?
Rich Girl: I'm serious! You better not have been digging up dirt on me!
Honor Student: Why I never.
Honor Student: But maybe the L.G.D. would jump at the chance to get their hands on you. And wouldn't that be a great service?
Rich Girl: Nooo way.
Rich Girl: Anyway. There is one other bit of good news I won't keep from you.
Honor Student: Oh yeah. You're happy that we're out here having a nice stroll, that there's a party, and that all she can do is stare at L.G.D. data and maybe slip out on patrol for some fresh air.
Rich Girl: You know all that too?!
Honor Student: Woman's intuition. How else do you think I passed that exam without studying?
Rich Girl: Wha, no way! You didn't like bribe the L.G.D. or pull some other shady move...?
Honor Student: Ooh?
Rich Girl: Wow, a firecracker! Now that's the sound of New Year's.
Rich Girl: Huh? What's with you? Why'd you... Oh.
Honor Student: ...What?
Rich Girl: Are you still afraid of firecrackers at your age?
Honor Student: No. It just makes me uncomfortable that someone would use an uncontrollable explosive like that for such a frivolous purpose.
Rich Girl: Explosive? A firecracker?
Honor Student: Yes. Firecrackers are an Originium explosive device, are they not?
Rich Girl: Isn't that kind of blowing things out of proportion?
Honor Student: ——Nonsense.
Rich Girl: ...Are you sure?
Honor Student: Yes.
Rich Girl: Well, I'd like to relive my childhood for a bit, so why don't we go buy a couple bundles to play with——
Honor Student: Oh yes, I just remembered, there's a report on the investigation into you sitting in a certain drawer...
Rich Girl: ...W- we'd better get along to that party.
*Attention all units: a vessel is mooring. Attention all units: a vessel is mooring.*
Amiya: Doctor, we've arrived.
Option_1: This is Lungmen?
Option_2: It's completely different now.
Option_3: ......
Amiya: Is this your first time seeing Lungmen at New Year's?
Amiya: It's easy to get distracted by the festive atmosphere. But don't forget we have a job to do.
Option_1: To 'ring in the New Year,' right?
Option_2: What's this 'Nian' anyway?
Option_3: ......
Amiya: The 'Nian' is a legend... or so they say.
Amiya: But the records show that it is a real, if anomalous phenomenon.
Amiya: Around the turn of each year, Lungmen, actually all of Yan, and even the parts of Ursus that wander nearby, get attacked.
Option_1: Attacked?
Option_2: Anomalous phenomenon?
Option_3: It's really hot out.
Amiya: The documented records of damage to each city don't match up very well, and the earlier legends are pretty murky.
Amiya: Some speak of giant, man-eating monsters. Some tell of a strange army. And still others speak of a group of mysterious casters.
Amiya: There's even a conspiracy theory floating around that some organized crime syndicate or other shadowy group fabricated the whole 'Nian' thing to cover up their activities...
Amiya: ...Speaking of, weren't you listening in the meeting, Doctor?
Option_1: ......
Option_2: ......
Option_3: ......Sorry.
L.G.D. Officer: Welcome to Lungmen, Rhodes Island.
L.G.D. Officer: Chief Wei is waiting at the L.G.D. Please come with me.
Amiya: The point is, we'll go see Chief Wei first. She'll explain the important details.
Amiya: Say... Doctor, have you seen Lava?
Madame Oni: H- how many bottles is this?
Gangster: Madame Oni, let's not..
Madame Oni: The number!
Gangster: Seventeen!
Madame Oni: Ugh... Since when... can you drink like this?
Ch'en: The L.G.D. has the occasional... get-together.
Madame Oni: What ngaang gaau 'get-togethers' are you talking about... bullshit... ugh...
Madame Oni: Gah, it's so hot! Hey, get some ice water, or beer or whatever!
Gangster: I think you've had enough, Madame Oni...
Ch'en: Take care of her, and don't go anywhere.
*Sigh*, come on, Madame, have some water.
*GULP* *GULP* Ahh!
Madame Oni: Hey, Ch'en... Next time you wanna pay a visit... *hiccup* You don't have to come up with some... crazy excuse, you know?
Ch'en: We live in different worlds.
Ch'en: Now, since you admit defeat, I'll... nnng...
Gangster: Um...? Ch'en Sir, you're looking a little wobbly there.
Ch'en: I'm fine.
Ch'en: ...You guys better get ready. If Chief Wei is right, then all of Lumgen is gonna hafta bland tofether...
Gangster: Ch'en Sir, are you really okay?
*Deep breath* Pfft——
Ch'en: When she wakes up, you tell her, the L.G.D. got a lead on the 'Nian.'
Gangster: A lead? Like a giant footprint or something?
Ch'en: Crazy huge craters, melted buildings, massive scorch marks.
Gangster: Woah... I heard the Nian was actually a huge Originium slug thousands of miles long... is that true?
Ch'en: Who knows?
Ch'en: Our scouts couldn't find anything that looked like casting, but those marks definitely weren't there long.
Ch'en: Point is, if there's really something out there...
Ch'en: You guys gotta pitch in.
Gangster: Why do we gotta help out the fuzz?
Ch'en: Because you can fight.
Gangster: ...Hey now, I like the sound of that. Ch'en Sir ain't all bad!
Rich Girl: Don't you think it's really hot out today?
Honor Student: Early spring.
Rich Girl: It's midnight. This is an early spring?
Rich Girl: Whatever. Did that Lung get back to you yet?
Honor Student: Not yet. This isn't really what the L.G.D. messaging system is for.
Rich Girl: Standard duty is off today, right? And it's my private channel anyway.
Rich Girl: Heh heh. She's probably so pissed off she's moping around the alleyways cursing herself.
Retiree: ...Wei, is that a fire?
Mr. Wei, Ordinary Citizen: What are you on about?
Retiree: It's just, why is it heating up even after the sun's gone down?
Retiree: To tell the truth, I have a bad feeling about this.
Mr. Wei, Ordinary Citizen: It must be hard being apart from your beloved daughter. A man of your age, you've spoiled her rotten.
Retiree: Like you would know.
Mr. Wei, Ordinary Citizen: Give it up. Don't change the subject. You think I'm going to let you cheat again?
Retiree: ...Hrm.
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: Shift's up.
Serious L.G.D. Officer: Is your report ready?
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: It's been ready. If you get here first tomorrow, do me a favor and get me a coffee.
Serious L.G.D. Officer: Honestly...
Frivolous L.G.D. Officer: Oh, this is for you, to pass the time.
Serious L.G.D. Officer: What is it?
Serious L.G.D. Officer: ...'Tales of the Nian: A Compilation of Catastrophes from Several Countries'?
Serious L.G.D. Officer: Nah, what's the point. The Nian is some kind of mythological construct. How do people still believe in monsters and stuff?
???: What the hell is wrong with people these days? It's only been a few years and everything's totally different.
???: Aaahh, let's see here. Guh, I can't make sense of any of this new crap.
???: ——Re... u... nion?
???: Hmm... Hmm...?
???: Come on? This is all we got?
???: Then I'll just have to use my imagination... Or not. What if they can't handle it...
???: Anyway, I'll figure it out.
Snowsant: Nnng... Mmf...
Snowsant: That should be good? Let's start it up and see...
Laboratory Climate Control System: ——*Electrical hum*——
Laboratory Climate Control System: System activated.
Laboratory Climate Control System: Experiment log activated. Voice print recognized. Operator: Snowsant.
Laboratory Climate Control System: Current room temperature: 14℃. Analysis: room temperature abnormal.
Snowsant: It worked...! Whew, using all that electricity paid off... Wait, abnormal?
Snowsant: Hm... There was a calibration log around here somewhere... where was that?
Laboratory Climate Control System: Number of calibration logs: 1.
Snowsant: This one?
Laboratory Climate Control System: Room temperature analysis: significantly higher than regional average temperatures for this date. Presumed to be due to experimentation. No heat source found. No Originium reaction found. Added to log.
Snowsant: Hmm... The Originium detection function was a later addition. And it seems pretty sensitive...
Snowsant: Let's extend the range a bit.
Laboratory Climate Control System: Range extension failed. Cause: large amount of unresponsive objects in range. Presumed system failure. Troubleshooting in progress.
Snowsant: Let's see... The Originium reaction detector function uses feedback ripples from Originium reactions, so if an object isn't responding, that means it's undetectable to Originium Arts——
Snowsant: It's insulated from Originium reactions? A material totally resistant to Originium...?
Snowsant: ...That's impossible!
Snowsant: Ugh... So it's actually malfunctioning... Wahh... the power bill...
Wei Fumizuki: And that is the scope of the task.
Wei Fumizuki: Rhodes Island has a history of excellence in dealing with such issues, and I look forward to our cooperation.
Amiya: Thank you, Chief Wei.
*Amiya, the leader of Rhodes Island. She may be young, but she is well regarded.*
Amiya: (Doctor! Have you found Lava yet? Still?)
Amiya: Ahem. Chief Wei, um...
Amiya: Can we register the operators that will be working in Lungmen without them being physically present?
Wei Fumizuki: ...Do you speak of Miss Lava?
Option_1: Very astute, Chief Wei.
Option_2: Should I be surprised?
Option_3: ......
Wei Fumizuki: Miss Lava is an expert in Catastrophes, especially those of the distant past. It is thanks to her that we put our trust in Rhodes Island.
Wei Fumizuki: Of course, we understand that Rhodes Island has many outstanding operators. But Miss Lava's familiarity with the Nian——
L.G.D. Officer: Chief Wei! Forgive the interruption! It's an emergency.
Wei Fumizuki: Go ahead.
L.G.D. Officer: There are unidentified personnel in the city center.
L.G.D. Officer: ...They have Reunion icons.
???: These marks...
???: They show they've already entered the city.
???: But it should be only a few of them. And among those, only one matches the records.
???: ...Never mind.
???: No matter who they are, I will put a stop to them.
???: Never again.
====================act7d5_Stories of Afternoon.xlsx====================
*04:22 P.M. \ Clear*
*Rhodes Island Landship, Compartment 5, Training Grounds*
Vanilla: Hoo! Hah!
Vanilla: Cleave! Thrust! Swing!
Vanilla: Phew... Haah...
Vanilla: That... concludes... *Pant* *pant*... today's training.
Option_1: Know your limits. You're pushing yourself too hard.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: Here, have a sports drink.
Vanilla: No, phew.... Don't worry! I'm a-okay, Doctor.
Vanilla: I know myself. And I'm well within my limits here.
Vanilla: Instructor Dobermann and Liskarm helped me work out a training schedule, so you don't have to worry!
*Pant*... *pant*...
Vanilla: Huh? What's the matter, Doctor? Why do you look so worried?
Vanilla: Really, I'm fine! It's hard, but I can handle it!
Vanilla: Phew... *pant*... thanks.
Vanilla: Haah.... Okay, I'm good. But this drink, ugh, it really tastes terrible.
Vanilla: Dobermann made it very clear I'm supposed to drink this after exercise, and so has Franka, but it really tastes awful!
Vanilla: The operators training here always work so hard. I have to go all out. I can't hold anyone back.
Vanilla: Oh, by the way, Doctor, I'm going on a mission with the other Blacksteel girls in a couple of days and won't be training here for a while. So thanks so much for everything you've done for me here!
Vanilla: ......
Option_1: You look like you have something to say.
Vanilla: Hah, perceptive as always, Doctor... Am I so easy to read?
Vanilla: Well, I'm really glad to go on a Blacksteel mission. It's just...
Vanilla: I, uh, I have a few pets, and, uh, I usually take care of them. But when I'm on a mission, I have to ask other people to do it.
Vanilla: I usually ask the other Blacksteel girls.
Vanilla: Liskarm and Franka help most of the time, but they're always on missions together, and taking R&R together.
Vanilla: If one's gone, so is the other.
Vanilla: Franka likes to joke around, but she's actually really reliable. Puffball, Tiny, Kuro, and Stout all really love Franka!
Vanilla: Sometimes Jessica takes care of them, if I can't find those two. But, um, this one time, Kuro kind of startled her, and I think she was going to cry.
Option_1: Can I ask...?
Option_1: What exactly are these 'pets'?
Vanilla: Huh.
Vanilla: Didn't I bring Puffball and the gang around to meet you, Doctor?
Vanilla: Puffball, Tiny, and Kuro are all Originium snails. And Stout is a Sargon Desert Metal Crab, and every last one of them is cute as a button!
Option_1: .......
Vanilla: Hm? What's wrong, Doctor?
Vanilla: Oh no... I know that look in your eyes, Doctor. No! No! No! No! You can't eat them! Not Puffball, not Tiny, not Kuro, not Stout! You can't eat any of them! I know you've been eating all kinds of weird stuff behind Dr. Kal'tsit's back!
Vanilla: (I was going to ask you to take care of them. But now? Hmph. No way.)
Vanilla: What am I going to do? We're all going out together this time. What's going to happen to my babies?
Vanilla: Hmmm.... The other operators are all busy with their own things, so I can't just go up and ask them out of nowhere, can I?
Option_1: Couldn't hurt to try?
Option_1: Like, try asking the next one who walks by.
Vanilla: Huh? Take this seriously!
Vanilla: You're joking, right, Doctor?!
Vanilla: Who will it be...? Ooh, I hope it's someone reliable...
Option_1: Someone's coming.
Vanilla: !
Vanilla: Their footsteps... are very light! With a steady pace, very steady. It must be a great warrior!
Vanilla: Huh? What's that fragrance?
Vanilla: I remember this scent, it's...
Vanilla: Melantha!
Melantha: Ah?!
Melantha: Y-yes, it's me.
Melantha: Good afternoon, Doctor, Vanilla.
Melantha: Erm, so... what can I do for you?
Melantha: Sorry, it's kind of unusual for you to ask me for something. I just...
Vanilla: Not at all! You're a big help, Melantha! Thank you so much!
Melantha: It's nothing. And actually I'm just going to ask Steward.
Melantha: But really, I'm glad I could help.
Vanilla: Oh.
Vanilla: (She's blushing!)
Steward: Haha. Melantha is so timid off the battlefield.
Steward: Don't worry, I'll take great care of Vanilla's pets.
Vanilla: Thank you so much for your trouble!
Melantha: Thanks, Steward.
Steward: Think nothing of it. I really won't have you standing on ceremony. We're friends.
Vanilla: H- how could we be friends? You two have been with Rhodes Island for so long, you're far more senior than me!
Melantha: Does company seniority matter so much...?
Vanilla: Oh, by the way, is Melantha also going on this mission?
Vanilla: None of my superiors mentioned it...
Melantha: Yes, I am.
Melantha: It was decided kind of suddenly. They only just told me.
Melantha: It was Master, err, Franka, who said she wanted to see how my swordsmanship was coming along. The timing was right, so she applied to have me join the team.
Vanilla: Oh, Franka? She's been teaching you her sword techniques?
Melantha: Yes.
Vanilla: Is she actually a good teacher...?
Vanilla: I know she's really reliable, but I hope she isn't a bad influence on a good girl like Melantha.
Vanilla: Oh no, the more I think about it, the more worried I get!
Melantha: Not at all! Franka likes to play around, but she's very serious when it comes to sword fighting.
Melantha: It's all thanks to Franka that I've come as far as I have. She's a great influence on me!
Melantha: Oh....
Melantha: ...Sorry, I may have gone a bit overboard.
Vanilla: You two are actually pretty close.
Vanilla: But I'm glad to know that Franka is a good teacher anyway. I won't worry.
Vanilla: Franka is a great swordmaster. I've never seen her lose a sparring match to anyone in Blacksteel.
Melantha: Master is amazing. I have a lot more to learn.
Melantha: Oh, right. Sorry, but it's time for me to go.
Melantha: I have an appointment with Ansel for a routine checkup today.
Vanilla: Routine checkup?
Melantha: Yes. For Oripathy...
Vanilla: ...Oh.
Steward: What, again? Didn't you just get checked the day before yesterday?
Steward: And Medical gave you a new drug after the last checkup, right?
Melantha: Yes. It's because they want to keep tabs on my new medication.
Melantha: Nothing to worry about. Dr. Warfarin says my infection is under control.
Steward: ...I'm glad.
Steward: You better get going for now.
Vanilla: Thanks again! We could get tea when you're done with your checkup, if you have time?
Melantha: Oh, tea...? Erm, yeah! Sounds good!
Melantha: It's a date!
Melantha: Thank you again for your help, Steward.
Steward: .......
Steward: And thank you, Vanilla.
Vanilla: Me? Huh?
Steward: Nothing. Never mind.
Vanilla: Oh?
Vanilla: I feel like... Melantha changed a lot. She's in such a good mood now.
Steward: You think so too? Melantha is much more confident now than when we first formed the squad.
Vanilla: Confident...? Oh, yes, it's confidence.
Vanilla: I've always felt that Rhodes Islanders are different from the Infected I've met in the past. I think it's because you all... live. You keep pushing so hard to live your lives, if that makes sense?
Vanilla: Sometimes I forget about the whole infection thing altogether.
Vanilla: It's really incredible.
Steward: Hah. Incredible? No, I don't think so.
Steward: Rhodes Island has been forced to get involved in a lot of things, but it's still essentially a pharmaceutical company. It's always been mostly about developing medicine and the treatments for the Infected.
Steward: An Infected person who would make the effort to come here for treatment, she's going to be the type who won't give up on life, right?
Vanilla: It makes sense when you put it that way.
Steward: That's why we have to work with other organizations to make up for what we don't have.... Such is the case, for example, with Blacksteel.
Steward: Thanks to professionals like you, Vanilla, our operators are under less pressure.
Vanilla: No, I'm not even a professional yet. I'm still in training. It's the senior operators who are professional mercenaries.
Vanilla: Liskarm and the others didn't have to take a test to come here, like I did.
Steward: A test?
Vanilla: Yes. Both practical and written exams.
Vanilla: I spent a week in the library preparing for that written test. I didn't even sleep!
Steward: ...Hah hah. You're a hard worker.
Steward: That's a bit of a surprise though. Blacksteel is more serious about our cooperation agreement than I thought.
Vanilla: Why would you say that...? Since the Oripathy Crisis began, a lot of Blacksteel mercenaries got Infected.
Vanilla: We're okay, though. And Oripathy isn't that scary to us mercenaries. Our work is dangerous enough already.
Steward: You'll die in the end either way.
Vanilla: Right.
Vanilla: On the other hand, some clients don't want to hire Infected. So we're getting fewer contracts, making less money, and probably causing some headaches for the bosses.
Vanilla: I think that's around the time we started cooperating with Rhodes Island? Franka told me about it, but I don't know the details.
Steward: I see...
Vanilla: And I'm very lucky I got to come here and see so many things and meet so many people I never would've encountered before. Every single day! It's really fulfilling.
Vanilla: Not to mention free dessert in the cafeteria once a week! I've probably gained a lot of weight since coming here...
Steward: Probably not. As long as you keep your nutrition balanced, it's good to eat a little more. Take care not to overeat, but health is what matters.
Vanilla: No, no, no, Steward, you don't understand!
Vanilla: It's not about what other people think, it's about how it affects your mood!
Steward: O- oh is that right?
???: Damn straight. Vanilla knows what she's talking about.
Vanilla: Ah, Blaze...! Oh.
Vanilla: Blaze, who is this little girl...?
Blaze: This little rascal? She's Dora, one of my adorable little friends.
Blaze: And please, try to chill out, Vanilla. I don't want you trying to trade business cards with a child.
Dora..: ...Nice to meet you.
Vanilla: Uh, hello.
Steward: Good afternoon, Miss Dora. Did you take your medicine today?
Dora: (nodding)
Blaze: She pulled a half an hour of storybook time out of me on account of it tasted too bitter.
Blaze: I'm onto you, little rascal. You said it was too bitter last time too, and Dr. Kal'tsit fixed up the taste!
Dora: B- but it is bad! You said so yourself!
Blaze: I don't take the same stuff as you. No excuses.
Dora: Aww.
Dora: Um, I need to go...
Blaze: Huh?
Blaze: Oh, it's time for class?
Dora: Yes. The medic lady said she'd teach us how to make paper flowers today!
Blaze: Will you make one for me? I'll give you a candy.
Dora: Hehehehe, I'll think about it.
Dora: Bye-bye, Mister, Miss!
Steward: No running in the halls! You'll fall and hurt your——
Steward: Oof... she fell.
Blaze: This kid....
Vanilla: Haha, she's got a lot of energy.
Blaze: Yeah, she looks quiet, but she's a wrecking ball. Warfarin has to scare her into behaving... Doesn't matter. Anyway.
Blaze: I've never seen you two hang out. Aren't you usually with the Blacksteel girls, Vanilla? Did Amiya organize a mixer?
Vanilla: Huh? This... we're not...
Steward: Blaze, don't joke!
Blaze: Did that sound like a joke? Honestly, I think we should have a mixer where we all get together and relax.
Steward: I'm sure we'll make time. And anyway, haven't we had a few private functions? I know I've seen Blaze drinking and puking with quite a few contract operators.
Blaze: Those don't count!
Vanilla: That must be the 'boozy nightmare' Liskarm talks about sometimes...
Vanilla: By the way, was that little girl a Rhodes Islander?
Steward: Dora? She's here for treatment, so I think she counts?
Blaze: Yes. But we're classified differently. Combat personnel are different from logistics personnel, and there's a few others. It's all HR stuff... you know?
Steward: You sound unsure...
Blaze: It's not my wheelhouse.
Blaze: Why are you so fixated on Dora?
Vanilla: I don't know. I guess I'm just curious. I saw her when I first got here too...
Blaze: Oh?
Vanilla: I came to give the Doctor my paperwork and there was this cute Infected girl and her parents waiting outside the door. .
Vanilla: The girl, though still small, was very well-behaved. She just held onto her tattered doll. She didn't make a sound
Vanilla: It was no big deal. But it made an impression.
Blaze: That must have been Dora. That doll was a mess. I told her I'd buy her a new one, but she wouldn't have it. I ended up getting Bibeak to stitch it up for her.
Vanilla: So it was her....
Steward: I think I remember she's... Victorian, right?
Blaze: I think so. Her medical records say she was involved in a street fight and inhaled a bunch of Originium dust.
Blaze: I took a look at it before, when I was helping Hibiscus give her some shots.
Steward: The children in that ward come from different backgrounds, but they are all in the same place now.
Steward: Cardigan likes to play with them, and Ansel always stays late after medicating them to tell stories and such. They're all very happy kids.
Blaze: Dora is especially optimistic. She always says she wants to join my squad when she grows up. Where do you think she gets it from?
Steward: To want to join Blaze's team, she must be a little unhinged.
Blaze: Hey.
Steward: It's a fairly common story around here. Just pick any of the medical compartments at random and you'll find a few people who've been through similar things.
Blaze: Yeah, it's nothing new. The world sucks.
Vanilla: .......
Vanilla: Is she... very sick?
Vanilla: Her family didn't look rich.... I didn't think they'd be able to afford treatment. Honestly, I kind of didn't expect to see her again.
Blaze: A normal place, where the bosses have their heads screwed on right, definitely wouldn't take a dying patient with no money.
Steward: There's a better way to phrase it.
Steward: But Blaze is right. There is no cure for Oripathy. And even an organization like ours has limited resources.
Steward: ...That's why the Infected are in such a tough position.
Vanilla: But Rhodes Island didn't turn them away!
Vanilla: Rhodes Island isn't small. But I guess you can't say it's a really big organization either.
Vanilla: Since coming to Rhodes Island, I've seen a lot of people. A lot of Infected people who came here for medical attention.
Vanilla: And some of them even came forward and said they were willing to fight.
Steward: All of us in Reserve Op Team A4 did exactly that.
Vanilla: You too, Steward?
Steward: Of course.
Vanilla: .......
Vanilla: I hadn't even heard of this place before the Blacksteel partnership. Who could imagine a company..... a company that saves the Infected and doesn't even get paid anything for it.
Blaze: That's not quite right.
Vanilla: Huh?
Vanilla: It- it's not?
Blaze: It's not that we don't get paid anything. We just get paid without money.
Blaze: If one side has to pay too much, that's actually a big burden on both sides. An arrangement like that wouldn't last. No matter how sweet Amiya might be, she wouldn't do something like that.
Blaze: We do provide treatment. But it's definitely not free.
Blaze: Here, we've got a fine example standing right here!
Steward: Oof, Blaze, you're going to break my shoulder if you keep patting me like that.
Blaze: You can choose all kinds of different ways to contribute to Rhodes Island in exchange for the treatment we provide. Definitely not just fighting. Us combat operators are actually the rarest bunch.
Blaze: We got logistics to handle the paperwork, engineerings to keep Rhodes Island itself trucking along, envoys to go talk to other organizations, not to mention procurement and cleaning staff...
Blaze: Even if you want to wash dishes in the cafeteria, that's fine. As long as it helps, you can do it.
Steward: Hearing it again, it does sound pretty idealistic.
Blaze: Is that bad?
Steward: Not at all.
Blaze: (whistling)
Vanilla: But, but! What can a little kid like Dora do to help Rhodes Island?
Blaze: You saw, they're about to learn how to make origami flowers.
Vanilla: Huh?
Blaze: The paper flowers they fold will be used to decorate the mixer. Then they'll be given to every operator as they come back to Rhodes Island.
Steward: Since when is there a mixer?
Blaze: Just now. I decided.
Steward: ........
Blaze: Whatever. The point is there's work to be done. And the work those little guys do looks a little different from the work I do, but it's all important to Rhodes Island.
Blaze: Now let's be real. I know you guys have been calling our company a sweatshop.
Vanilla: That was a joke. Just a joke!
Blaze: Yeah, sure. That's what I say when I tease the Doctor.
Vanilla: Blaze, please!
Steward: Hmmm.... My opinion is a bit different from that of Blaze.
Steward: There are some of us who trade our labor to Rhodes Island in exchange for treatment, and many more who coincidentally have interests aligned with the company.
Steward: Of course, there are many who truly believe in Amiya and her philosophy and are willing to give everything to that end.
Blaze: (whistles)
Steward: But we don't necessarily all share those ideals. Sometimes, we just happen to be on the same path in the same direction, and end up side by side in this moment.
Vanilla: I think I understand, but...
Steward: It's all right. You don't have to think about it too much.
Steward: The important thing is that we're all getting a little bit better. Things are good for now. People are happy.
Steward: As are you, Vanilla. You've been smiling a lot lately.
Vanilla: O- oh, I have?
Vanilla: It's probably just because I'm so fulfilled here at Rhodes Island. Although there's still a lot of things I'm not used to....
Vanilla: Like doors that suddenly open on their own. And the last time I was in the corridor, some medical device suddenly started talking to me... I jumped out of my skin!
Steward: Hahaha. I suppose you aren't used to such things.
Steward: Adnachiel was telling me about the rubber band launcher he helped Exusiai make. He said you snapped it in half.
Vanilla: He made that?!
Vanilla: S- sorry, the rubber band startled me so, I acted on instinct...
Vanilla: I'm really sorry!!!
Steward: That's okay, Adnachiel wasn't angry. He's a man of few words, but he's a gentle soul.
Steward: I can testify to that.
Steward: But, um, if he ever comes to you with any more inventions that cause you trouble, do let me know. Or Melantha.
Blaze: Hey, I just had a thought. Maybe that whole sweatshop thing actually fits?
Steward: ...What's this again?
Blaze: I mean those kids, what are they? Child labor? An early investment?
Vanilla: An early... investment?
Blaze: Yeah, it'll pay off, won't it? Rhodes Island teaches these kids all kinds of things. The little punks are probably better than us at a bunch of stuff. Like, I get a headache looking at numbers. And then when they toss letters in with the numbers...
Blaze: They're all probably going to be awesome. Way more awesome than me. They'll do all kinds of stuff I never could.
Blaze: So, you know, it's a return on investment.
Steward: A return? Not necessarily——
Blaze: Shh, let me dream. Don't say it.
Blaze: Oh, it's Amiya.
Blaze: Looks like another mission. I kinda wanna blow it off. I can just blow it off, right?
Blaze: Well, I gotta go. Vanilla, Steward, let's get a drink at that mixer!
Vanilla: She talks like that, but she still walks away with a smile on her face....
Vanilla: Are we really going to have a mixer? Wh- what if I don't drink?
Steward: Oh, don't mind Blaze. She's always like that. She won't force you.
Vanilla: No? That's kind of a disappointment...
Steward: Huh?
Vanilla: Okay, this is my place.
Vanilla: Come on in.
Steward: All right.
Steward: Ah... so this is where Vanilla lives.
Vanilla: Don't laugh. It's kind of a mess.
Vanilla: Oh, here's Puffball and the gang.
Steward: Puffball? What a cute n...
Steward: ...name.
Steward: ........
Steward: Vanilla, your pets, they're... are these... these are your pets?
Vanilla: Yes.
Vanilla: They're all cute little critters from my hometown!
Steward: Hmmm....
Steward: (I fear the word 'cute' has lost all meaning...)
Vanilla: Oh, don't worry, Steward. Kuro may be big, but he's really the gentlest of them all!
*Sigh*.... It's so hard to fight them on the battlefield. And Instructor Dobermann always yells at me, but I really can't help it!
Steward: I- I can tell you really like animals, Vanilla.
Steward: And... Well, these pets, they... they certainly have character.
Vanilla: Hehe. They sure do!
Vanilla: They're very well behaved. They don't make a mess. Just give them a little food and water every day and they're good to go!
Vanilla: Oh, but be careful not to press the spikes on their shells. Otherwise.....
Steward: Otherwise?
Vanilla: They explode.
Steward: Explode...?
Steward: .......
Steward: Vanilla, is it really okay to have a pet like this in your room....?
Vanilla: Huh? Of course! I got permission from Amiya and Dr. Kal'tsit!
Vanilla: This terrarium is made of a special material that insulates the Originium. It's very safe!
Vanilla: Also, I prepared their food already.... See, just press the button on the side, like so, and it automatically feeds them.
Vanilla: Hehe. Pretty crazy, huh?
Steward: I actually think it's crazier that you're here keeping Originium slugs...
Vanilla: Sorry, what?
Steward: Nothing.
Vanilla: Hm?
Vanilla: Oh, and for water, they really only need a little bit every other day. Keep the environment nice and dry, just like my hometown.
Steward: Understood, I'll make sure not to overwater them.
Steward: These Originium snails, and that metal crab, they look nicer than any I've seen before.... Your hometown is in Sargon, correct?
Vanilla: That's right. It's a very remote place in the Sargon countryside.
Steward: What's it like?
Vanilla: It's a.... Well, a very poor place with very few resources.
Vanilla: You can't farm there, because there's nothing but sand. You have to hunt to survive. All the children in my tribe are raised to be great hunters.
Steward: You too?
Vanilla: Yes, me too.
Steward: Then why did you join Blacksteel...?
Vanilla: It's kind of embarrassing, but... for money.
Steward: Money?
Vanilla: Yup. Blacksteel, Blacksteel Worldwide, is just a mercenary group.
Vanilla: Maybe everyone joins with a different goal, but a lot of mercenaries just need money.
Vanilla: And that's me.
Steward: Is that right? But it seems as though Jessica doesn't want for money?
Vanilla: Jessica...? She has some other motivation, I guess. She doesn't talk about these things much, so I don't really know.
Vanilla: But where I come from, everyone is very poor...
Vanilla: It doesn't rain much in the Sargon deserts. When it does, the water accumulates in small oasis pools, and caravans cross the entire desert looking for them, stopping briefly as they pass by our tribe to take out some goods to trade.
Vanilla: It's mostly barter. No one has much money. But every home has a little something to trade.
Vanilla: The caravans usually stays for just a day or two. And when it gets very cold at night, so everyone gathers around the fire.
Vanilla: We eat a little jerky. The adults drink a couple of sips of wine to ward off the cold, and the kids get a handful of dates to snack on.
Vanilla: The traders tell the children about what's going on in the world outside the desert, usually something new and fun.
Vanilla: Like how in the far, far east, there are fragrant cities with flowers everywhere, huge metropolises overflowing with wealth and happiness...
Steward: I could go for some of that.
Vanilla: Right? But since I've been out here, I haven't had a chance to check and see if the east is really so great.
Vanilla: Anyway, having heard stories like that, it's only natural I'd be curious about the outside world. There's no way I could stay in the desert and be a regular old hunter.
Vanilla: So I followed the merchants out to a small town on the edge of the desert.
Steward: And you found out things weren't as good as you thought?
Vanilla: They're not so good, but also not so bad... At least the food is better than back home.
Vanilla: I didn't have much money on me. Everything my family had still wasn't enough. Even a hostel was too expensive to stay in.
Vanilla: It's not like I had a lot of options besides mercenary work. But I don't regret it.
Vanilla: ...Anyway, that's enough of that.
Vanilla: Where's your hometown, Steward?
Steward: I'm from Kjerag.
Vanilla: Wow! I heard it snows there all year round. Is that true? I've never seen snow...
Steward: Haha. And you never will, at Rhodes Island.
Vanilla: Really! Well, I'll have to save up. Jessica says those new body insulation suits are really expensive!
Steward: ...Haha, that might be a bit overkill...
Steward: Melantha was so happy you asked her to help.
Steward: Though she may not show it, which is both a strength and a weakness of hers.
Vanilla: Really...? I hope I'm not being a bother.
Steward: Certainly not. It's no bother to Melantha, or myself, for that matter.
Steward: Now, off on your mission, Vanilla. And rest assured I will take excellent care of Puffball and the others.
Vanilla: Oh, just a minute, Steward!
Steward: Hm? Was there something else?
Vanilla: Um....
Vanilla: Not that I totally understand everything you and Blaze were talking about, but...
Vanilla: Next time Reserve Op Team A4 visits the kids in the treatment wards, please bring me along!
Vanilla: Let's learn how to make paper flowers, so we're ready for that mixer.
====================act7mini_Preluding Lights.xlsx====================
Gareth: Careful. Walk slowly.
Illa: I'm alright... no need to prop me up.
Gareth: Save your strength. We're still not clear until we're over that mountain.
Illa: How far are we now... from Ursus?
Gareth: Not that far. We aren't deep in the barrens yet... not deep enough.
Illa: Let me just breathe for a moment...
Gareth: Go ahead. I'll wait.
Illa: ...Huff...
Illa: What's past the mountain, to the northeast?
Gareth: Kazimierz people's land, I think.
Gareth: But we're not going that way.
Illa: This is the first time I've left Ursus.
Gareth: You'll get used to it.
Gareth: There's nothing left for us in Ursus.
Gareth: Phew... this place looks good enough.
Gareth: It's almost night. Let's set up camp here.
Illa: Um... how much do we have left in rations?
Gareth: We've gone through more than half the haul from the warehouse. Plus what we traded for from the wandering settlement, we still have about four day's worth... not a whole lot.
Gareth: Watch our bags. I'll look for some firewood.
Illa: This place is... so quiet.
Gareth: That's not a bad thing. We should be wary of anyone passing by, though.
Gareth: Call it a stroke of good luck that we came through without any trouble.
Gareth: Bandit groups and outlaws, packs of wild beasts...
Gareth: Most would say the barrens are a fatally dangerous place to be.
Illa: Can we really find our way to these 'Rusthammer' people?
Gareth: There's no reason the vagabonds would trick us. There'd be no sense in tricking us.
Gareth: Rusthammer's people are operating nearby, that much plenty know.
Illa: Will they accept us?
Gareth: We can't be sure, but we have to try.
Illa: Long before, in the village... the soldiers all said the 'Rusthammers' were a vicious, barbarous lot, thugs who killed for pleasure on the wastes.
Illa: They all said that, and afterwards there were people in the team who told of them too...
Gareth: Rumors aren't sure to be truth. Have you forgotten how those bastard noblemen spoke of us?
Illa: 'Insatiable, ruthless Reunion bandits.'
Gareth: All the old patriarchs of Ursus need to do is make a bag of rumors up, and they can turn anything they don't like into maneating monsters for the commoners.
Gareth: It's a customary trick of theirs. This definitely isn't like that, as far as I can see.
Illa: Have you met them before?
Gareth: I have. It was even while I was serving.
Gareth: That year was the year they said the borderland armies went into Kazimierz territory, plundering villages.
Illa: Ah... I heard about that from someone in my own village.
Illa: The captain mentioned it too. They all died after, apparently?
Gareth: The captain told you all that?
Gareth: They were Ursus regulars. A whole army platoon, armed to the teeth, bringing full sets of combat equipment past the border. There's no hope of completely fooling us about what was happening.
Gareth: The looting was just an excuse by the brass to shift the blame. Maybe the soldiers really did want to stir up a battle, you know.
Gareth: Sadly, things didn't go how they wanted. I don't know what took place in Kazimierz's hilled forests... but not a single one of them came back. A total annihilation, more or less.
Gareth: As for the truth behind why they crossed the border... they're all dead, and who cares anymore.
Gareth: But their death isn't solely down to the Kazimierz people... that I know for sure.
Illa: So what happened?
Gareth: It was the fourth day the soldiers had crossed into Kazimierz... a sentinel reported that a great group of wastelanders entered Ursus' own borders.
Illa: Wastelanders?
Gareth: Back then, I was stationed right at the border garrison's resupply station, and when the sentinel announced invaders, nobody in the barracks took it seriously.
Gareth: Though you don't often see a whole crowd of barrenland vagabonds on their last hopes, it's not new, either. Especially not at the Ursus border.
Gareth: They sent out a little squad, ready to intercept the poor saps and boost manpower a little in the jurisdiction's mines. Nothing too strange compared to their usual business.
Gareth: ...But...
Illa: Let me guess. That squad didn't come back?
Gareth: The next morning, a guard with his face coated in blood scrambled into our camp. It wasn't just the squad who got wiped out. Three neighboring checkpoints had completely fallen too, and only he made it back out alive.
Gareth: The station officer at that time wasn't as stupid as now. He determined it was Kazimierz soldiers disguising as barrenland wanderers and springing attacks on checkpoints, so he immediately reported a need for reinforcements to the higher-ups.
Gareth: It took until then for us to realize, our Originium communicators had lost all signals from allies within range, and we were sitting fowlbeasts on our own. After that, that night...
Gareth: After the sun set, a sound of metal beating traveled all throughout the valley, fearsome and ear-piercing, like the primitive drums of war.
Gareth: And then there were people. So many people... more than a hundred... maybe more than a thousand, carrying countless rough works of weaponry, shouting rallying cries we had no hope of understanding, charging madly into our camp.
Gareth: They looked like humans, yet you couldn't sense the 'human' part of them. I thought they'd gone crazy, because even if the comrades by their sides were blown away by artillery, the pace of their assault didn't slow one bit.
Gareth: I'd say that's the most terrifying attack I've ever experienced. Forget Reunion's countless battles afterwards, none of them could compare to that evening of insanity.
Illa: ......
Gareth: They only retreated once first light finally came over the valley.
Gareth: Innumerous corpses piled all around the camp, bloodstains and marks from Originium Arts bombardment everywhere... the whole day through, the air was filled with a smell of rust so thick you could vomit.
Illa: ...That's just too excessive.
Illa: Why?
Illa: Why attack the Ursus Army with no regard for the cost? What was their goal?
Gareth: That's the crucial bit.
Gareth: After a few days, a backup unit finally made it. It was only then we learned that two Infected mines nearby had been totally plundered, they'd set everyone in the mines free, and burnt down five whole military supply warehouses in the area.
Gareth: They hacked up the officers and mine overseers they caught, and tore every Ursus flag and landmark they found to shreds...
Gareth: Rusthammer washed off the traces of Ursus, and left behind not a single mark in the ruins.
Gareth: What was most important was, the unlucky lot who gallivanted into Kazimierz land had practically lost all of their rear reinforcements. Once the Ursus Army had reacted, it was already too late.
Gareth: Even now, I still can't comprehend their lunatic conduct.
Gareth: But 'wasteland scum who slaughter for pleasure' wouldn't raid the Ursus Army in order to free the poor people in the mines.
Gareth: They're not normal thugs, I'm certain of that.
Illa: ...That story really is...
Gareth: Hard to believe, right.
Illa: I still have no way to tell... if it would be a correct choice to join them.
Illa: Even someone of Mr. Patriot's caliber got...
Gareth: Don't think about it. Let's just go to sleep.
Gareth: There'll always be a way.
Illa: Maybe...
Gareth: We're here...
Illa: This is where... we were looking for...?
Gareth: 'Straight north from the second peak, on top of a massive, upright boulder.'
Gareth: I didn't imagine it would actually be here.
*A rust-speckled iron hammer is stuck upside-down in a boulder on a peak, the black rag tied to the handle like a flag fluttering wild in the wind.*
Gareth: 'If you wish to join us, then search for the rusthammer in the rent-apart rock.'
Gareth: This group likes a bit of dramatic delivery, huh.
Rusthammer Member: This isn't dramatics, this is a symbol.
Rusthammer Member: If you want to live on the barrens, you must be like this hammer.
Rusthammer Member: You don't need to be sharp, but you do need to be tenacious.
Illa: !
Gareth: ......
Rusthammer Member: You don't resemble... 'ordinary passers-by.'
Rusthammer Member: I recognize the symbol on your clothes.
Rusthammer Member: 'Reunion.'
Rusthammer Member: Speak. Tell us why you sought us.
Gareth: You... you don't look like you're Infected.
Gareth: I thought...
Illa: We-We want to join the Rusthammers!
Rusthammer Member: Join?
Rusthammer Member: Weak, timid, fearful, helpless...
Rusthammer Member: You're scared of everything upon the barrens, shivering, like livestock awaiting slaughter.
Rusthammer Member: Here. Pick these up.
Illa: Wh... What are these? A shovel and pick... and a beast trap?
Gareth: What do you mean by this?
Gareth: Why give these tools to us?
Rusthammer Member: You want to join the Rusthammers? Then prove yourselves.
Gareth: What?
Rusthammer Member: Prove you belong to the wastes. Prove you aren't livestock incapable of surviving beyond their pen.
Rusthammer Member: We are warriors. We are the wasteland's conquerors. We look after each other. We share everything of ours.
Rusthammer Member: But we will not care for unbearably weak trash.
Rusthammer Member: See that gorge over there? It's a kind place to be, the kindest all around here.
Rusthammer Member: In the gorge is everything you need.
Rusthammer Member: Survive for a month here.
Rusthammer Member: If even that's beyond you, then head straight back where you came as soon as you can.
Gareth: Survive? For a month? In a place like this?
Gareth: You've got to be fricking kidding me.
Gareth: Surviving on the barrenlands with just these?
Gareth: If you just wanted to watch us die, why make it so complicated? Wouldn't it be so much easier to do it right here?
Gareth: You're just going to laugh at us as we die on the barrens? Is this some sick hobby of yours?
Gareth: Or is persecuting the Infected one of your joys, too?
Gareth: And I thought you weren't like the other bandits... you bunch of...
Rusthammer Member: ...Hahahaha.
Rusthammer Member: Infected? Infected??
Rusthammer Member: Hahahaha...
Rusthammer Member: Persecute the Infected? Hahahahahahahaha...
Rusthammer Member: Boone!
Rusthammer Member: Come on over, take a look at this moron.
*While the grand Rusthammer man laughs wildly, a hunched-over man appears from behind the crag, the Originium crystals terrifyingly ugly on his skin. The man's forceful gaze pierces through his untamed hair, sizing up the person before him.*
Rusthammer Member: Look, look, look, Boone.
Rusthammer Member: Do you see? These are your 'Infected comrades.'
Rusthammer Member Boone: Bullshit. I have no comrades this weak.
Gareth: Y-You're Reunion too...
Rusthammer Member: Here, nobody cares whether you're Infected or not. Nobody cares what kind of special rank you have.
Rusthammer Member: Nobody fricking cares.
Rusthammer Member: Man, woman, old, young, Sarkaz...
Rusthammer Member: Reunion? Fallen noble? As long as you embrace the wilderness, cut away from the poison blood of civilization, we are all equal.
Gareth: ......
Illa: Just one month, was it...
Gareth: Illa?
Rusthammer Member: That's right. If you can hold out for one month, that'll show you're part of the wastes, that you've broken free of civilization's fetters.
Rusthammer Member: Once the time comes, you'll be a part of the barrenlands, and our Rusthammer brothers and sisters will welcome you.
Illa: Alright... it's a deal.
Rusthammer Member: Not a bad attitude. I have great faith in you.
Rusthammer Member: I wish you good luck, young lady.
Gareth: Illa, are you serious?
Illa: We... don't have much choice, do we?
Gareth: No. We still have rations. We can go back, go back to that vagrant village, think of another way.
Illa: Don't mess with me! We never had that much in supplies! You haven't eaten for two days, I've noticed that!
Gareth: I...
Illa: We're comrades in arms, aren't we? Comrades have to look after each other, right?
Illa: These Rusthammers... they're able to survive here... perhaps we can do the same.
Gareth: ...I suppose.
Illa: Lend a hand. We'll find a place to set up camp first.
*Fifteen days later*
Illa: ...Why isn't it moving...
Gareth: Shh! Don't make a sound. It took the bait.
Illa: And I feel it's about to run.
Gareth: Calmly... wait for it... wait...
Gareth: It moved!
Illa: Just a bit more... just a bit more...
Gareth: We caught it! We caught it! Hahahaha!
Illa: Oh, wonderful! Wonderful!
Gareth: Hahahaha! Alright.
Gareth: Illa, pass me the knife.
Illa: Here it is.
Illa: There really were burdenbeasts here. This is my first time seeing one wild.
Gareth: With all this meat, we can smoke it, dry it in the cave, and it'll keep for a while...
Gareth: At least for the next long while, we won't have to eat dried sandworm.
Illa: I'm not sure if that wandering village is still around.
Gareth: What made you think of it suddenly?
Illa: Even if we smoked this meat, we wouldn't finish it. Maybe we could trade it with those wasteland wanderers for some supplies.
Illa: Like a couple seeds or something...
Gareth: Has anything happened with those mossoats?
Illa: Listen to you. Have you never planted anything before in your life?
Gareth: ...I haven't. I was born in the city.
Illa: Heheh. My little city friend, food is hardly that easy to grow. You'll want to properly learn.
Gareth: Who's a little friend... You're barely older than me.
Gareth: Whatever, I'm dropping it.
Gareth: Those wanderers barely ever stop in one place, but there should be a few settlements below the mountain to the east. If we have the chance, we can go take a look.
Gareth: Come over here, let's take all this back in.
Illa: Alright.
Gareth: Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen...
Illa: Still half a month to go...
Gareth: I hope those Rusthammers mean what they say.
Gareth: But I feel like now, it doesn't matter whether we have them or not.
Gareth: I've been feeling more and more like we can survive.
Illa: I've actually wondered the whole time... Why would there be a cave like this in a gorge? It doesn't seem naturally formed, either...
Gareth: I'm betting this was an ancient mine.
Illa: A mine? In this completely desolate area? Was it the Kazimierz?
Gareth: Can't say it's either Kazimierz or Ursus for sure.
Gareth: Can't even be sure if it's a country we're familiar with.
Gareth: Before, when I was in the army, someone told me all these ancient stories.
Gareth: They said that centuries ago, millennia ago, Ursus wasn't yet Ursus, Kazimierz wasn't yet Kazimierz, and so many countries were emerging across the land, growing, becoming strong.
Gareth: And in the end, once again because of war or Catastrophe or some other reason, they were destroyed, and fell to pieces.
Gareth: Catastrophes repeatedly swept the earth, any trace of these countries' existence cleaned up along with them. Everything we can find was left underground, just like this mine, for example. They say loads of other places all have ancient remnants like this.
Illa: So that means...
Illa: These places weren't always barrenlands, but were once towns and cities where people lived?
Gareth: Maybe.
Illa: If... If we keep living in here, and get more and more people like us, we might just be able to set up a small town or something...
Illa: This gorge goes south to north. It could hold plenty of people.
Illa: And then I'd be Mayor Illa! And you'd be Deputy Mayor Gareth!
Gareth: Alright, enough daydreaming. Help me hang up the meat.
Illa: Alright~
*Twenty-nine days later*
Illa: Gareth! Gareth!
Gareth: What is it... so early...
Illa: Quick, come look, the mossoats!
Gareth: !
Gareth: Are... Are these buds?
Illa: They are!
Gareth: Great! Great! Oh, that's amazing!
Gareth: So we can plant grains here after all!
Illa: I'm guessing the burdenbeast bone powder played a part.
Gareth: Alright, let me see... what was the most important thing, again?
Illa: Water!
Gareth: We won't have enough relying on that mountain creek. We'll need to think of some other way.
Illa: But... there's no other springs anywhere nearby.
Gareth: Our only option's to head to the foot of the mountain east and try our luck. There's trees there, which means there's a water source.
Illa: But that's too far away. Would we be carrying water every day?
Gareth: It's far, but it's worth it.
Gareth: If these mossoats can grow properly, then it'll all be worth it!
Gareth: Let's sort our things out, and we'll head to the woods to look.
Illa: It seemed to be pretty close... I didn't think it was so far...
Gareth: We'll need to think of something later on, figure out an even bigger container.
Gareth: It's not realistic to carry it just with water pouches.
Illa: Hold on... what is this?
Illa: Are these footprints? There's other people nearby.
Gareth: Footprints? What footprints?
Gareth: ...No... these...
Gareth: These are army bootprints!
Gareth: I'd recognize these sole markings anywhere. These are Ursus army boots.
Gareth: What... What are Ursus soldiers doing here?
Illa: What do we do...
Gareth: ...Let's hurry back. Get our things in order.
Gareth: We need to leave this place. These marks... they haven't gone too far, and there's at least twenty of them by these footprints.
Illa: Wait! We have other options, too.
Illa: If we don't light a fire... they won't be sure to notice the cave in the gorge.
Gareth: They'll find us sooner or later! Even if we don't light fires, what's the use of hiding in the cave day after day? We don't even know if they'll leave or not!
Gareth: They've come to get me. I knew the colonel wouldn't let me off so easily...
Illa: No! I'm not leaving!
Gareth: Illa!
Illa: Where would we even run to? I'm already sick of running! I joined Reunion so I could live with some semblance of self-respect at all!
Illa: This past month... life this past month has been tough, undoubtedly, but what does it matter that it's tough?
Illa: There's no taxmen, no nobles! There's prey in the forest, mossoats in the ground, all of my own!
Illa: This whole month, I've lived like a person! And not like some beast just dragging out its life!
Gareth: Illa, calm down a little, listen to me.
Gareth: As long as we're still alive, we can always find some place that belongs to us, and if we die, we'll have nothing at all!
Illa: Don't tell me, every time we run... every time we run, we have to abandon everything that's already ours? Why should I let those wretches destroy my life again and again!?
Illa: First, my village's people... my little sister... then Sharla... the captain.
Illa: I'm not going anywhere today.
Illa: If today I die, then I'm dying in this gorge. Everything in here was our painstaking work. This is my new home.
Illa: I'm not going anywhere!
Gareth: ...Illa.
Illa: Stay here, Gareth. Let's fight them.
Illa: We're warriors of Reunion. We're not cowards.
Gareth: You...
Gareth: You're right!
Gareth: These goddamned sons of bitches!
Gareth: Those bastard nobles, and Colonel Lomono... damn them all... damn them all to hell!
Rusthammer Member: Good! Excellent!
Rusthammer Member: You finally resemble the spitting image.
Gareth: !!
Gareth: ...It's you!
Gareth: Why were you... Were you nearby the whole time?
Rusthammer Member: You were to survive on the barrens for a month. All I did was check in daily to see if you were still good and going.
Gareth: Forget that for now. There's Ursus nearby...
Rusthammer Member: Don't get too wound up. All I'm hearing is a few paltry little annoyances.
Illa: Then... have we qualified?
Rusthammer Warrior: Qualified?
Rusthammer Warrior: You're Rusthammer already, sister.
Gareth: ......
Rusthammer Warrior: And you. Though you came just short of your willpower crumbling, I'm very happy to see you chose the right path.
Rusthammer Warrior: Compromise and escape are never-ending. Remember that.
Rusthammer Warrior: Welcome, brother.
Rusthammer Member: Now, as well as that, a group of idiotic prey are heading straight for the beast trap. You shouldn't miss this.
Gareth: Prey? What prey?
Rusthammer Warrior: They're here.
Ursus Soldier: I knew there'd be people in this gorge.
Ursus Soldier: You really have given me the runabout, you know, Corporal Gareth.
Gareth: ......
Ursus Soldier: You shameful deserter. You even dared mingle in just to steal food supplies from the army warehouse.
Ursus Soldier: Did you truly believe you could trample on the Ursus Army's dignity and then so vainly flee?
Ursus Soldier: Colonel Lomono's very angry. Particularly angry. Only lopping off your head can quell his fury now.
Ursus Soldier: Time to pay for your crimes, you Infected scum...
Rusthammer Warrior: Black-clothed Ursus brutes... twenty-four of them.
Ursus Soldier: Heh, I see you're quite merry with these flesh-tearing savages! Surely you don't think a couple of barrenland natives can save your lowly lives?
Ursus Soldier: Now kneel and off yourself. I can promise you a death in one piece.
Ursus Soldier: Snipers, ready...
*The masked Rusthammer warrior uses the weapon in his clutch to beat the ground.*
*One sound.*
*Two sounds.*
*Three.*
*In the next second, the entire ravine echoes with an ear-piercing pounding, chaotic yet resounding clear.*
*Battle-cries, roars, together with a chilled gust that blows through the ravine, like the great land itself has let out a primeval scream.*
*At this instant, Gareth sees it.*
*Upon the cliffs and ledges of the gorge's two sides stand wild warriors, packed together.*
*Their clothing ragged, adorned in worn metal forged into crude armor.*
*Their postures twisted, grasping simple but fearsomely shaped weapons.*
Ursus Soldier: C... Captain! H...
Ursus Soldier: How... How many is this???
Ursus Soldier: H-How could this be?! What about the sentinel? Where did the sentinel go?!
Rusthammer Warrior: If you're looking for your 'sentinel,' then right here.
Ursus Soldier: These... helmets... weapons, how could you possibly...
Rusthammer Warrior: My brother and sister, welcome to the wastelands. This is your first hunt since joining the Rusthammers.
Illa: I'm glad of the chance to join you in battle.
Rusthammer Warrior: Battle?
Rusthammer Warrior: Sister, we never 'battle.'
*As more and more Rusthammer warriors show themselves, the Ursus soldiers are stunned, not daring to make a move. When they begin to speak, all the twenty-four can do is stand there silently.*
Rusthammer Warrior: They—the so-called 'countries' and 'civilizations'—display, from the root, their evil. Their colossal nomadic cities, their ugly steel creations, their metal fetters and cells cast from malice, are the sinister proof of their sin.
Rusthammer Warrior: They have stolen everything. They have plundered this world's minerals, seized its water and land, and taken it all for their own.
Rusthammer Warrior: They claim that only faith in 'civilization' can bring salvation, that everything not bound by their shackles has been stamped by a barbarous seal. They fear the truth, and we will return the truth to the land.
Rusthammer Warrior: They use force to make you afraid, they use civilization to make you feeble, they give you no choice but to rely on their baselessly invented 'order,' no choice but to trap yourself in the cage.
Rusthammer Warrior: And so they enslave you who by all rights ought to be free, and so they swallow you!
Rusthammer Warrior: This world ought to belong to everyone. Everyone should, like you and I and anyone else, take a place in these wastelands with their own two hands! The wasteland will eliminate the weak, but when traced to the source, just who was it that made the people of the world weak?
Rusthammer Warrior: You must become their nightmares, become their calamity, become the force that destroys them.
Rusthammer Warrior: Who can shackle and manacle a hurricane, an earthquake? And who can imprison a thunderclap, a lightning bolt within a cage?!
Rusthammer Warrior: We never battle! We destroy!
Rusthammer Warrior: We pulverize the cage, we destroy the fetters, we plunder back that which was stolen, and those willing to abandon weakness may all become Rusthammer brothers and sisters.
*—Destroy! Destroy! Destroy! Destroy! Destroy!—*
*The chaotic yet resounding metal pounding echoes through the whole gorge.*
*They shout, strike the earth with the handles of their weapons, the collision of metal and rock as if thunder rolling through the dark.*
*—Destroy! Destroy! Destroy! Destroy! Destroy!—*
Ursus Soldier: Have no fear! They're just a bunch of lunatics!
Ursus Soldier: Get into formation! P... Prepare for battle!
Rusthammer Warrior: They tremble. They fear us. We destroy. We hunt.
Rusthammer Warrior: Cast away the fetters of civilization. We will never be weak again.
Rusthammer Warrior: Catastrophes sweep the wastelands...
Rusthammer Warriors: Rusthammers smash the world!
====================act8mini_Vigilo.xlsx====================
*5:20 P.M. \ Clear*
*Columbia City, Tkaronto*
*The name's Dylan, Rhodes Island low-altitude aircraft pilot, and I'm currently running pell-mell around the city.*
*I should be sitting in the cockpit of my aircraft, joystick in hand. The only things I should be facing down are turbulence and terrain.*
*Instead, I'm clutching one half of an automatic assault crossbow in my hands, and hell, the first time I heard of this model was earlier this morning. Even just half of it is damned heavy.*
*My palms are all sweaty. If I have to end up in a warzone, I sure as hell shouldn't be on the ground, let alone in some dark alley in Columbia.*
*I just hope to God that my enemy isn't... Ugh.*
Blaze: Dylan, I got my hands full over here. Can you help a gal out and tell me what it says?
Dylan: It says Police. The 'police' of Tkaronto.
Blaze: He started it.
Dylan: But it seems... probably not the real deal. A real botch-job if I've ever seen one.
Blaze: At least he looked the part, pretty much the same as the guys up on the roof earlier this morning. Better than the ones that didn't have a uniform ready.
Blaze: So let me ask this question again: what kind of cops wind their automatic assault crossbows during questioning?
Dylan: Columbian cops?
Blaze: Very funny. You know he's not a cop, at least not the kind we're used to dealing with.
*I lift my eyes to cast a glance at the black-clad man collapsed in the alley, and then lower my gaze again to the half-a-weapon in my hands.*
*It was pointed straight at my chest just a moment ago, but now it's smashed into two pieces.*
*This 'policeman' is unconscious. If Blaze remembered the Doctor's instructions when she struck, then he should still be able to cling to life.*
*The Rhodes Island team arrived in Tkaronto yesterday.*
*No matter how many times I experience it, this kind of speed always surprises me as a pilot—*
*Rhodes Island is in the process of steaming to the Grand Knight Territory, and we've crossed over the entire western wastelands by air. The entire western wastelands, I say.*
*According to the plan, after Amiya and the Doctor finish their business, we'll take the same route back to Rhodes Island. The Grand Knight Territory might not have finished its urban subdivision assembly at this time.*
*All I know is Rhodes Island was invited to visit during the Kazimierz Major, but I'm in the dark about when and why. But anyway, the sooner we can head back, the better.*
*If I wasn't in such a hurry, I wouldn't mind taking a few days off to chill in the metropolis... but after this, I'm not in the mood for that anymore.*
Medic Operator: Are we... safe?
Blaze: No, not until we leave Tkaronto— Maybe not even until we leave Columbia.
Blaze: Check for me if he's still breathing. It'd be nice if you made sure he kept on breathing.
Medic Operator: I... Um, alright.
Dylan: This is my first time seeing such a powerful automatic crossbow. Are these weapons common in Columbia?
Blaze: Automatic weapons like that are a Columbian specialty.
Dylan: I wonder how the Doctor's doing...
Blaze: As soon as the raid started, the Doctor and Amiya left in a car. No clue if the autopilot system that Closure was fiddling with will work though...
Dylan: What a disaster... Even those two got caught off guard.
Blaze: They're only human after all... Sometimes shit happens.
Medic Operator: They took over the hotel and seized all the drug samples we kept behind...
Blaze: Whatever, we can worry about that later.
Blaze: We've gotta think of a way to get out of this city safely first.
???: We've lost everything, but you are still not standing by my side.
???: Then what has it all been for?
???: Just to leave the faintest sliver of hope?
???: But, hope?
???: Hope?
???: Don't you know, that hope is a cruel thing indeed?
???: When you realize it can't be undone, when you realize you are powerless, when you find yourself nothing but desperate...
???: Hope is enough to drive a perfectly good person mad.
Option_1: But...
*You want to say something, but you can't move your body.*
*You seem to be drifting in the void, everything before your eyes so familiar and yet so distant. These are a part of your memories, floating alongside you like fragments.*
*Like this, you continue to drift with your ceaseless thoughts, watching the familiar woman before you gradually fade away.*
*You open your eyes, and before you stretches an endless rocky desert. You see a strange, ugly iron bucket helm.*
*A peculiar man seems to be looking your way, but you cannot see his expression through that rough bucket helm.*
*10:43 A.M. \ Clear*
*Gaspar Wildland*
Cannot: Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, friend.
Cannot: Can you talk?
Option_1: You? Who are you? Where am I?
Cannot: The friend awakens, little rabbit.
Amiya: Doctor!
*You feel someone tightly embrace your waist.*
*But before experiencing this warm embrace, the cold, hard touch of the rocks behind you and the throbbing pain in your head remind you that all is not well.*
Amiya: I'm so glad! You're awake... I don't know what I would've done if you didn't wake up...
Amiya: How are you feeling? Does it hurt anywhere?
Option_1: I'm fine... Just my head hurts a little.
Option_2: ...Nothing serious.
Option_3: I'm not that frail.
Amiya: Your head hurts? Did you hit it? Let me have a look.
Amiya: Are you sure you're fine, Doctor? Do you need me to help you up?
Amiya: Doctor... you should still be careful. You're not in the best shape.
Cannot: Worry not, little rabbit. There is nothing wrong with this 'Doctor,' at least not physically.
Cannot: On a spiritual level, however, one cannot say. You were mumbling a great deal in your slumber, but before you complain, I did not listen closely.
Option_1: Who are you...?
Cannot: Ah, pardon me for not introducing myself.
Cannot: As you can see, I am a merchant.
Cannot: You can call me Cannot, or Mr. Goodenough should you prefer that instead.
Cannot: To be honest, friend, that display you put on earlier was simply too exhilarating. It is not every day one sees someone performing Originium Arts while flying off a cliff. A most excellent show indeed.
Option_1: Off a cliff? What were we...
Option_2: There might've been a problem with Closure's autopilot system...
Amiya: This should be Columbia's... eastern wastelands.
Cannot: That is correct, little rabbit. This is the Gaspar Wildland, and you two are quite fortunate.
Amiya: Fortunate?
Cannot: Yes, yes. Quite fortunate indeed. Two kilometers further south is a poisonous swamp, and had your car gotten stuck in that, good luck getting it out.
Option_1: I wonder how the others are doing.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: Where are the others?
Amiya: The other operators split off on their own. I'm sure Blaze is taking good care of them...
Amiya: But we can't get a hold of them, or any other branch offices.
Option_1: Wait, what about the communicator?
Option_2: Wait, what about the provisions?
Amiya: We left it all on the 'Bad Guy.'
Amiya: Not just the communicator. We didn't even have time to pack food or water.
Cannot: Sounds like a desperate situation indeed, friends?
Cannot: But there is always a way, if you don't mind...
Option_1: Might as well.
Cannot: I am quite familiar with this area. I can show you to the nearest Messenger Outpost where, should all go well, you will be able to contact your friends.
Option_1: Who attacked us?
Cannot: An excellent question indeed, but the only ones who could answer it are no longer able to speak.
*The bucket-headed man points to the nearby cliff, where a unique-looking armed vehicle is emitting a thick, black smoke. By the looks of things, it's been wrecked for quite some time now.*
Amiya: Mercenaries. They've been chasing us even after we left the city.
Cannot: Dedicated to their job. Dedicated to the point of giving up their own lives.
Cannot: To be frank, Columbian mercenaries range from peerless to useless, and the ones with the resources to hire such dedicated mercenaries can be counted on one hand.
Cannot: They seem to have taken quite an interest in you, friends. How exactly did you offend these great moguls?
Amiya: So it was them...
Officer-in-Charge: So, Miss Amiya, are you really unwilling to consider the offer?
Officer-in-Charge: In Columbia, you'll be hard-pressed to find a more suitable partner than Mama John's. We can provide fairly favorable terms for Rhodes Island's drug sales.
Amiya: Thank you for your generosity, but...
Amiya: We're only here for technical exchange. Rhodes Island has no plans for any deeper-level commercial cooperation.
Amiya: And the Oripathy analgesics we brought are still undergoing trials. These are more of a proof of concept than a finished product.
Amiya: The process of researching and developing Oripathy treatments is long and complicated, and in these areas, we still have many opportunities for cooperation in the future.
Officer-in-Charge: Many opportunities for cooperation in the future...? Hahaha...
Amiya: They planned this from the very beginning...
Option_1: Should we contact the police first?
Cannot: Police? Friend, you don't seem to understand where you are.
Cannot: Mama John's is the largest firm in Tkaronto. The chief of police boasts of his connections to their corporate leadership in order to display his status. I suggest you change your mind.
Cannot: The fact that they dared to steal your goods in the urban core means that from the very beginning, they never thought anything of you.
Amiya: It's all my fault... I bought into their talk.
Option_1: Don't blame yourself. Nobody could've expected them to be like this.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: No, I'm just as responsible, Amiya. I should've known.
Amiya: Mr... Good...y?
Cannot: Ah. What is it, Miss Rabbit?
Amiya: You just said you could take us through the wastelands, right?
Cannot: That I did say, Miss Rabbit.
Amiya: How do you plan to do that? Were you a Catastrophe Messenger?
Cannot: That is nothing you need to concern yourself over.
Cannot: I have plied my trade in the wastelands for many years, and that has given me a knack for avoiding Catastrophes.
Cannot: Of course, I do ask for a small guide fee, two refined Originium Ingots in this case. Not too much to ask for in such a situation, yes?
Amiya: We only have Columbian Gold Certificates, and won't be able to pay you until we get in touch with our ship. Is that alright?
Cannot: No problem! My friend.
Amiya: Doctor... What do you think? We could also figure a way back into the city, to meet up with Blaze and the others.
Option_1: It's too dangerous. Looks like we don't have a choice.
Option_2: This gentleman seems to have made the choice for us, right?
Cannot: That is scarcely the case. We always have many choices at any point in our lives, but of course, we tend to pick the best one from the available options.
Option_1: I hope we can have... a fruitful relationship in the coming days?
Cannot: Of course, my friend!
Cannot: I trust that this will be a most enjoyable journey.
*Five hours later...*
Cannot: ...As I said, bandits are not the biggest threat in the wastelands. I once knew the most courageous local– he even...
Amiya: Doctor, give me your hand.
Amiya: Phew, we're up.
Option_1: How many hills have we crossed?
Amiya: This is only the second one, Doctor.
Option_1: Let me rest... Let me rest...
Option_2: (Stay silent, gasping for breath)
Option_3: I really... let myself go...
Amiya: Haha, Doctor, sit down here for a minute.
Cannot: Friend, at your speed, we will be on the road for at least another whole day.
Amiya: The Doctor might not be able to maintain such a brisk pace.
Cannot: We can slow down a touch, but...
Amiya: Why can't we go a bit slower?
Cannot: Even as a merchant of the wastelands, there is a limit to the amount of food and water I can carry on me.
Cannot: If we slow down too much, we will inevitably run into a supply shortage.
Amiya: If that's the case... Mr. Cannot?
Cannot: Hmm?
Amiya: Is there a forest nearby? I've heard of an oasis in the wastes of eastern Columbia.
Cannot: There is, but what use is it?
*Night, above the wastelands, in a dark mountain pass.*
*A tongue of flame consumes dry branches, and the sound of a wooden spoon tapping against a bowl echoes across the canyon along with Amiya's humming.*
Amiya: These vegetables, as well as the mushrooms here, are pretty much all edible as long as they're cooked through.
Amiya: This kind... is slightly toxic, but can still be eaten in an emergency.
Cannot: I should've given you more credit, Miss Rabbit.
Cannot: To be honest, most friends from the nomadic cities... have no sense of how to survive in the wilds. Many I know will never once step foot in the wastelands.
Cannot: I see that you have a decent survivalist's skillset. Where are you from? Rim Billiton?
Cannot: I would not be surprised if you were in fact from Rim Billiton...
Amiya: Actually, the Doctor taught me all of this, a few years ago...
Option_1: Huh? I did?
Amiya: Yes. Back then...
Young Amiya: Doctor... Are these edible?
Doctor: These vegetables, as well as the mushrooms here, are pretty much all edible as long as they're cooked through.
Amiya: Those were trying times, harrowing times. But they were also good times.
Option_1: ......
*It seems that something is stirring in the back of your mind, but it gradually blurs out.*
*You try to recall that scene again, but the vague memory is like bubbles that occasionally rise to the water's surface, only to disappear just as quickly.*
Amiya: Doctor?
Option_1: I... Is this something that happened before then?
Amiya: Ah, it's nothing. It did happen a few years ago, but it doesn't matter if you can't remember.
*She lowers her head and continues to stir the bowl, but the smile on her face seems somewhat lonelier.*
Cannot: Ahem, I must also say, you've chosen a most prudent location to make camp. Even though we've made a fire, our position is not easy to detect.
Option_1: Are there any bandits around here?
Option_2: ......
Option_3: Who's looking for us?
Cannot: Bandits, bounty hunters, and countless Rusthammers. There are no shortage of annoyances in this land.
Amiya: Rusthammer... I've heard the name before. They're a group of vicious marauders, right?
Cannot: That description would not be a very rigorous one.
Cannot: Rusthammer is a loose organization, and it is made up of various smaller groups.
Cannot: For example, there is 'Fiends Gang' made up of Sarkaz, and also a group of strange folks who worship Catastrophes as gods. I think they're called 'Followers of the Archosauria', or something.
Amiya: They worship Catastrophes?
Option_1: Followers of the Archosauria? What a crazy bunch.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: Sarkaz? Fiends Gang?
Cannot: I heard something about a Rusthammer gang in Sargon that called themselves 'Archosauria Devils.' They seemed to have been searching for an 'Archosauria war-god with massive horns on its head.'
Amiya: An operator from Columbia once told me that Rusthammer used to be just a few, small, scattered groups. Over the past few years though, their numbers have greatly increased, stretching from the mountains of Ursus to the wastelands of Columbia.
Cannot: Our world is not a peaceful one, friend.
Cannot: And the wastelands is no exception. You will encounter all sorts of strange people and strange occurrences.
Cannot: But you will adapt.
Amiya: Here, Doctor! Dinner's ready!
Option_1: Thank you, Amiya.
Cannot: Very good. What a heartfelt scene of intimacy.
Amiya: Mr. Cannot!
Cannot: Ahem... I am simply jesting. My apologies, please do not take it seriously.
???: At this rate, you will lose everything.
???: You will be alone, with nothing. Is it worth it?
???: Loneliness is a poison that erodes the mind. How much do you think you can withstand?
???: By the time you awaken, there will be no kin at your side. Nobody will recognize your sacrifice, let alone remember it. Is this the future you look forward to?
*You wake up.*
*A crimson glow spills forth from the distant horizon, and the darkness left unto humanity by the Shadow-Moon gradually ebbs.*
*Frigid wind gnaws at your cheeks as it blows across your face, and the land of Terra once again ushers in a new dawn.*
Cannot: You are up very early, friend.
Option_1: The morning air is refreshing.
Cannot: Where's the little rabbit? Is she not awake yet?
Option_1: Let her rest a bit longer. What are you doing?
Option_2: Maybe the aroma of breakfast will be more effective.
Cannot: Short-tailed fowlbeasts don't have much meat, but they can suffice as breakfast.
Cannot: This is a specialty of the Columbian wastelands. Worry not, it's free of charge.
Cannot: A new day comes to Terra, and the situation has not changed, as far as I can tell. Nevertheless, good morning, friend!
Cannot: You were talking in your sleep last night. Your mental state has seemed a bit unstable, do be careful.
Option_1: What did you hear?
Cannot: I am a trustworthy person. I didn't go out of my way to listen, let alone remember anything. Plus, you were only mumbling. Couldn't really hear anything clearly.
Cannot: But... Every night, the little rabbit is very concerned about your sleep-talking.
Cannot: Pardon me for being nosy, but after all the chatting we've done on our journey, it is hard not to take certain impressions. Have you lost your memories, or something of that sort?
Option_1: ......
Cannot: I see. If that's some sort of secret, let's say I never asked. It is an uncouth question indeed, and I asked out of simple curiosity.
Option_1: Some things... happened to me, and I lost some of my memories.
Option_1: ...Maybe most of them.
Option_1: Occasionally, I will recall some of them... just tiny fragments.
Option_1: Well, maybe not occasionally. Only a few rare times.
Cannot: Friend, I have a vague idea of what's going on.
Cannot: Suppose your memory is a spread-out newspaper, and now, someone has spilled a bucket of paint on it.
Cannot: You can only see bits and pieces of the content through the gaps in the paint, but you can't grasp the full picture of that content.
Option_1: That seems like a pretty good description of my experiences. I am... a stranger to myself.
Option_2: I can't even say if your analogy is accurate. I... don't know.
Cannot: It sounds like something that defies all words, friend.
Cannot: But I am no psychiatrist, and there is not much I can do for you.
Option_1: Sometimes, I even find myself thinking about the kind of person I was before all this.
Option_1: I don't know who I am. I can only piece myself together from the words of others.
Cannot: That's not important, friend.
Cannot: Our existence is often based on how others perceive us. The sum of your 'self' is but the feedback of auditory, visual, and emotional interaction with others.
Cannot: It doesn't matter what kind of person 'you' are, but from a social point of view, it should be quite clear what kind of person others need you to be.
Option_1: Do you happen to have anything that can restore memories quickly?
Option_2: Do you know any tricks that could help me get my memories back as soon as possible?
Option_3: Do you perhaps know some way of restoring my memory quickly after I make up my mind?
Cannot: I do, but I can't recommend it. Let me think of how to put this...
Cannot: Our lives are like an elastic belt. If you stretch out one side, the other side will contract.
Cannot: If you want to restore your memories 'quickly,' you will have to endure many unmanageable consequences.
Cannot: That quaint head of yours might not withstand such a tussle. Besides, this only applies to the most common forms of 'amnesia.'
Cannot: Whether for your own sake, or for that of the little bunny who you value so much, I'd recommend just taking things easy.
Cannot: By the way, the little rabbit's up.
Amiya: Doctor... Good morning.
Option_1: Morning, Amiya.
Cannot: I'll leave you two to it then. I'm going to fetch some firewood.
*Amiya stands beside you quietly, watching the sun rising in the distance.*
*The rays of light are slowly melting the cold tones of the wastelands, every piece of the rocky desert dyed by the gradually rising sun.*
*Perhaps you have never set foot upon this land, but in a corner of Terra's vast domain, you once wandered with Amiya.*
*You once left your footprints in this sparsely populated world.*
*This should have been your impression, your fragments of your memory— but the truth is, this is the 'story' Kal'tsit told you.*
*In the cold wind of the early morning, you rack your brain, trying to find a tangible thread within your hazy memory.*
*The light of daybreak, the cold wind of the wastelands. You and Amiya, Amiya and you. You can remember, and yet you cannot remember.*
*Amiya takes hold of your hand.*
Amiya: Doctor, are you okay?
Option_1: ...I'm fine.
Amiya: I remember it was around the same time. We spent our first night in the wastelands, and watched the sun rise over the horizon just like this.
Amiya: You asked me a bunch of weird questions...
Amiya: Haha... Of course, all of that happened years ago, but it seems like it was just yesterday.
Option_1: Sorry, Amiya... I...
Amiya: It's okay, Doctor.
Amiya: As long as you're here, one day, things will get better.
*The next day*
*2:39 P.M. \ Clear*
*Messenger Outpost*
*Several huge engineering vehicles and armed off-road transports make a circular formation on the rocky, barren expanses, surrounding several makeshift sheds.*
*The noisy din of generators and the roar of running Originium boilers can be heard near and far, intermingled with the loud conversations of travelers and Messengers.*
*The Messenger Outpost, an oasis of civilization beyond the ecological oasis of the wastelands, your destination.*
Cannot: Finally! We've arrived safely at the post!
Cannot: We didn't encounter any major difficulties on our journey, nor did a Catastrophe befall us. You are quite lucky indeed, friend.
Cannot: The third car from the left is the Messenger contact station here. You might be able to contact your group there. The Messenger rates here are pretty good.
Amiya: But... the room over there has the logo of Mama John's on it. Are you sure it's fine?
Cannot: As long as you keep a low profile and don't cause any trouble, there won't be any problems. This is a Messenger outpost after all. Even in Columbia, few companies will go out of their way to get on the Messengers' bad side.
Amiya: Doctor... Wait here for me. I don't stand out as much as you do, so I'll head down to the Messenger contact station.
Amiya: Mr. Cannot, can I trouble you to stay with the Doctor for a while? I'll be right back.
Cannot: Don't worry, little rabbit. I am good at hiding people from prying eyes. There won't be any problems.
Option_1: ......
Cannot: Relax, friend. Look at those armed vehicles over there. Do you see those anti-armor turrets? Trust me, it's very safe here.
Cannot: Here, have a sip.
Cannot: It's a specialty from a local microbrewery. Give it a try.
Option_1: Is this... beer?
Cannot: Indeed. I've heard the owner of this microbrewery is an Infected. Unexpected, yes? Even among Columbia's pioneers, there are few who can accomplish this much.
Option_1: Now is not the time to drink and make merry.
Cannot: Fair enough. Why don't we go relax over there and listen to the news?
Cannot: You know, the very best thing about Columbia is that they provide radio base stations for all the wasteland outposts. You can hear the news on the radio from just about anywhere.
Cannot: Almost all cities have intra-city broadcasting, but the decision to cover the wilderness with base stations is unique in Terra. You should take it all in, and treat it like sightseeing.
News Broadcast: ...The armed conflict that occurred in the Northern District of Tkaronto has gradually subsided. On site, police found evidence of a large-scale crossbow shoot-out, but have not apprehended any suspects...
News Broadcast: ...The Tkaronto Police announced that one of the parties involved in the conflict has ties to a foreign company, 'Rhodes Island.' The specifics of this organization are not known at this time...
News Broadcast: ...Some sources note that this foreign company has certain commercial conflicts with a local firm, but the spokesperson of this local business declined to comment on the matter.
News Broadcast: The police believe that this may have been a terrorist attack on Tkaronto, and the specifics of this armed conflict are pending further investigation.
Amiya: Doctor.
Cannot: You're back, little rabbit?
Amiya: The people at the Messenger contact station didn't come to work until three past noon, so we'll have to wait.
Amiya: The news just now...
Cannot: It sounds like your people have withdrawn successfully, which is a good thing.
Cannot: But Mama John's probably got what it came for. Most regrettable.
Option_1: We're the victims, but the police are looking for us.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: The corporate intrigue here reminds me of Kazimierz.
Cannot: Hah, something like this is a routine operation in Columbia. That bunch moved quickly and wiped their asses in advance.
Cannot: Don't dwell on it, friend.
Cannot: You'll leave this place soon enough. It's too late to manage this problem now, but be more mindful about it next time.
Option_1: But what do they get out of a batch of semi-finished medicine samples?
Option_2: Before that, Mr. Know-It-All, can you tell me why they're so desperate?
Cannot: Very well... It seems that you've made up your mind.
Cannot: Are you familiar with Columbia's business, my friend? How many times have you had to deal with them in the past?
Amiya: Rhodes Island has had some simple dealings with a few Columbian technology companies.
Cannot: Oh, I'm sure 'simple dealings' are decently good on the surface.
Cannot: But, my friend, the ugly and indecent parts are not often placed on the table for everyone to see.
Cannot: Come then. I will take you someplace, so you can see something fun.
Corporate Staff: Next!
Infected: H-Hello... I need this month's dose.
Corporate Staff: Sure, let's take a look...
Corporate Staff: Mr. Dave, is it? Ah yes, I saw your application. You've been a model employee this past month. Here's your monthly medicine ration.
Infected Dave: Thank you... Thank you...
Infected Dave: Um, would it be possible... to get next month's dose in advance? My wife is in pretty bad shape lately, and I need...
Corporate Staff: Mr. Dave, according to company regulations, we are unable to provide any medication in advance. Thank you for your understanding.
Corporate Staff: But as you know, we always prepare additional medicine for commercial sale, and you can always go next door to purchase more Oripathy suppressants.
Infected Dave: B-But...
Corporate Staff: Company regulations, Mr. Dave. Thank you for your understanding.
Corporate Staff: Next!
Amiya: What... what is this place?
Cannot: Shhhh, hush. This is the Frontier Department of Mama John's. Keep a low profile.
Amiya: They're passing out medicine to the Infected?
Cannot: In Columbia, many things operate in a way unlike elsewhere in Terra.
Cannot: For example, consider the wasteland pioneers— Pioneers, the lifeblood of Columbia's westward expansion, the writers of Columbia's wilderness stories, the protagonists of the Columbian dream.
Cannot: They sign a contract with Mama John's and open up land in the barren wastes, establishing residential areas for Columbia and its companies.
Cannot: Depending on how they work, companies will also provide them with medicine and supplies, as a sort of wage.
Cannot: Here, take this.
Option_1: The solid and liquid components are packaged separately. This is the medicine they distribute?
Option_2: ......
Option_3: What... What on earth...?
Cannot: This is the medication that they give to the Infected. You are the expert here, I doubt you need me to explain.
Amiya: This is not an Oripathy suppressant.
Cannot: Of course not, you know better than me. This half is a generic painkiller and the other half is a nutrient solution.
Amiya: Why?
Cannot: It's not a question of why, don't you see? They don't need to sell real suppressants.
Cannot: These pioneers, Infected from all over the world, have never seen a real Oripathy suppressant.
Cannot: Though these things can't actually suppress Oripathy itself, they can relieve the symptoms of the disease. The product of Mama John's works, and works quickly, and that's good enough for them.
Cannot: The concept of 'suppressant' is new to Terra, and naturally they wouldn't know.
Option_1: Since they can make painkillers, they don't need to make real suppressants...
Option_1: Why do they care about our technology then?
Cannot: Hahahaha... That story would be even more interesting.
Cannot: Did you know, before Mama John's became a big name, they were just a donut chain. How could they have mastered the technology to produce drugs?
Cannot: All their pharmaceutical production lines are purchased from other companies such as Beachbrella, Towerhill Biotech, Rhine Lab...
Cannot: Now that they sell painkillers as suppressants and make so much money, do you think the other pharmaceutical companies will sit on their hands?
Cannot: They've been thoroughly beaten down by other companies, but they've also learned a whole lot. This time, they've decided to directly off their partner, something that is distinctively Columbian.
Cannot: With your batch of samples in hand, I suspect the landscape of their cheap drugs will soon change.
Cannot: A more efficacious drug with a stronger analgesic will convince more people that this in fact is an 'Oripathy suppressant.'
Amiya: How can that be allowed?! Rhodes Island's samples are not Oripathy suppressants at all. Those samples haven't been tested for safety yet and might have serious side effects. We haven't...
Cannot: Let me tell you what will happen next.
Cannot: Mama John's will use your technology to make more and more 'suppressants' at lower costs.
Cannot: Of course, those poor pioneers will become the guinea pigs.
Cannot: Will they die? Let me tell you the truth. Even without Mama John's, they will still die—
Cannot: —Columbia's frontiers have been bought with the blood of the pioneers. Their life expectancy is not long regardless.
Cannot: But those who remain, those whose lives were not claimed while paving the wilderness, are ever more likely to work for them in exchange for these so-called suppressants.
Cannot: This medicine gives some short-term pain relief. Maybe it can even buy them a few extra years.
Cannot: Then, the newspapers across Columbia's major cities will publish headline after headline of their great achievements, right on the front page.
Cannot: 'Mama John's Strides Into Pharmaceuticals, Bringing New Hope to the Infected!'
Cannot: Impeccable!
Cannot: As for the truth, it is not at all important compared to the actual effectiveness of the analgesics.
Cannot: Of course you can tell these poor people, 'those drugs that you're taking can't actually cure Oripathy, but can best be regarded as expensive painkillers and placebos.' And then what?
Cannot: You keep telling the truth, saying that even the best suppressants by far can't bring back their completely normal lives and that they will continue to be accompanied by sickness and pain until they die.
Cannot: On the subject of Oripathy, Rhodes Island indeed stands at the bleeding edge in this world, so you know the truth. But is it a truth that they can stomach?
Cannot: And this... is Columbia, my friend.
Cannot: Nothing will change, and everything makes sense. People come to Columbia with hope, create value with hope, and die with hope.
Amiya: But we can't just sit around and watch them use Rhodes Island to...
Cannot: See, this is very practical.
Cannot: You cannot save them, nobody can save them. Not to mention, it is difficult even to protect yourselves now.
Cannot: For the Infected who harbor hope in their hearts, hope never existed in the first place, and you know this better than they do.
Cannot: You should contact your people sooner rather than later, and find a way to get back.
Option_1: You're right, Mr. Cannot.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: I don't want to admit it, but facts are facts.
Amiya: Doctor...
Cannot: I know, that hope is a cruel thing indeed.
Cannot: When you realize it can't be undone, when you realize you are powerless, when you find yourself nothing but desperate...
Cannot: Hope is enough to drive a perfectly good person mad.
Cannot: People believe what they want to believe, and that makes them feel much better.
*You look over at Amiya. You watch her ears slowly droop, her eyes filled with sadness, then stained with helplessness.*
*The two of you have seen much, but you both will see more still. You both understand all this, and in fact, there is no need for the wasteland merchant to explain it again.*
*In the distance, along the border between the wastelands and the sky, the sun slowly sinks.*
*Day is about to draw to an end in Terra's wastelands. The light is about to fade, and the twin moons will soon take its place in the sky.*
*The sun will still rise tomorrow, but not every Infected will see the coming dawn.*
*Even if there are enough drugs to suppress Oripathy in this place, it is too late for so many more. Nothing will change.*
*Nothing will change?*
Option_1: But— Mr. Cannot.
Option_1: Even if hope will continue to bring us pain, I still think it's worth it.
Option_1: If we give up on hope, what is the meaning of everything we've had to endure?
Amiya: Doctor...!
Cannot: Oh! Quite the rousing speech, friend.
Cannot: You did not convince me, for you will find it hard to do so, but I felt the sincerity of your emotions.
Cannot: I do like how you still refuse to bow to reality despite having seen it, though to be honest, you've already embarrassed yourselves.
Cannot: Let's put that speech aside for now. I know that you two are very practical people, so I will also pose a very practical question. I'm quite curious, what will you do next?
Cannot: You've already arrived at the Messenger Outpost at the border, and you will be leaving this place soon.
Cannot: Do you plan to turn around and head back? What then?
Cannot: To be frank, my friend, unless you have some way of getting your things back from them, you will have a very hard time resolving these matters.
Cannot: Will you charge there single-handedly with all guns blazing? Should I lend you a burdenbeast so you can look like a hero of the vale from the indigenous Columbian peoples' folklore?
Cannot: Oh, I almost forgot, you can't fight.
Amiya: Mr. Cannot, please don't say that about the Doctor.
Option_1: No, Amiya, he's right.
Option_1: Sometimes, we don't necessarily need to use force.
Option_2: We can use their own ways to resolve the problem— and I just happen to have some practice.
Option_3: In order to get Rhodes Island out of here safely, we have to get crafty.
Cannot: From the sound of things, you plan to appeal to reason?
*Four days later*
*4:01 P.M. \ Clear*
*Columbia Detention Center*
Columbian Police: Alright, you can leave now.
Option_1: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Amiya: Doctor!
Option_1: It went well, Amiya.
Amiya: Don't do that again! I was really... I was worried sick!
Cannot: You played your bag of tricks quite well, my friend. Very clever.
Cannot: I'm glad that the little excursion I took you on was not in vain, nor was me waiting out here for a few days. I really did underestimate you.
Cannot: But, I am a bit scared of you now, my friend.
Option_1: I'll take that as a compliment.
Option_2: ...It's alright.
Option_3: To be honest, I was a bit scared too when I woke up to a bucket-head.
Amiya: I... I still don't understand... what happened.
Cannot: Simply stated... our clever friend here voluntarily surrendered to Columbian Customs and Border Protection, saying that your company had smuggled a batch of Oripathy-related drugs into Columbia.
Cannot: If you know anything about Columbian laws, you should know that Oripathy-related drugs are the most strictly-regulated medical products.
Cannot: The company that lobbied to implement this law in the past spent a lot of efforts to monopolize the drug market in Columbia.
Cannot: The information provided by our friend here definitely alarmed the Columbian Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Arts Units, and Originium, and they certainly aren't easy to deal with.
Cannot: Per protocol, the Bureau's security forces went there in no time and seized all items in this smuggled product trade.
Amiya: But, we have complete contracts and records of our cooperation with them, which should be easy to find...
Cannot: Hahaha, that's the important part.
Cannot: Miss Rabbit, when they chose to attack you, they had no intention of leaving any footprints. They have destroyed all evidence of this cooperation, and nothing would match up in the investigation.
Cannot: So what kind of situation will prevent a company from leaving behind any evidence of a transaction?
Cannot: What else but shady business.
Amiya: So it was the Columbian government that seizes all the samples...
Cannot: According to law, they will destroy these smuggled goods, and then? There's nothing after that. Mama John's is pretty much omnipotent around here, but what if the scope extends to cover all of Columbia?
Cannot: Columbian Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Arts Units, and Originium. Their name might be a mouthful, but they have some competent people. And they'll be watching closely.
Amiya: I understand now... But even with that being the case, won't Rhodes Island have a blackened record?
Cannot: Hahaha, this is Columbia after all. There's not a company out there with a perfectly wiped rear.
Cannot: Pay a fine, sign off on the ticket, and it won't be long until people forget about it— perhaps, people might have stopped caring already.
Cannot: After all, in order to cover their ass, Mama John's might have inadvertently given Rhodes Island its best cover— and in case the Bureau really came for Rhodes Island, they would be the ones in trouble.
Cannot: Of course, your Doctor did spend three days in the Bureau's detention room, which is its own price.
Amiya: It's hard for me to evaluate this move, Doctor...
Amiya: Dr. Kal'tsit is going to be mad.
Option_1: That she will be, but if there's anything I know about her...
Option_2: I'll just tell her I learned it from watching her.
Blaze: I wouldn't mouth off like that if I were you...
Option_1: Oh, Blaze. The gang's all here.
*The well-built Feline operator is looking at you with eyes of helplessness.*
Blaze: Doctor, you caused a real big uproar this time around...
Blaze: Fines, fees, jail time, and even the Columbian government investigating illegitimate business practices...
Blaze: But I have no clue how you managed to sort it all out. I almost had to call Dr. Kal'tsit myself.
Blaze: How the hell are you gonna explain all this to her when you get back?
Option_1: I... have my ways.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: Uhh, beg for mercy.
Amiya: Doctor! Please don't ever take a gamble like this in the future. We could contact the ship and wait for support!
Amiya: Besides, Rhodes Island actually has a contingency plan for dealing with situations like this.
Option_1: At least the trip through the wastelands was fun, wasn't it?
Amiya: Fun? ...I suppose, just a little...
Amiya: Doctor! Don't change the subject!
Amiya: After we get back, you have to tell the whole truth to Dr. Kal'tsit. I'll help you with the report.
Option_1: Okay...
Option_2: Thanks...
Cannot: Then I suppose it is time to part ways, my friend.
Cannot: As I said before, our journey together was most enjoyable.
Option_1: Yes, it definitely was. Thank you so much, Mr. Cannot.
Option_2: Thanks for everything. We may meet again someday.
Cannot: I do believe we will meet again in the near future.
Cannot: Until then, I wish you good health. See you later.
Blaze: Who was that? Gave me the sense there was something else under that nice front of his...
Amiya: Doctor?
Option_1: Hmm?
Amiya: There's something I'd like to ask you...
Amiya: Back then, you said you needed Mr. Cannot to do a little favor for you. What was it?
*Three days ago*
*3:27 P.M. \ Clear*
*Somewhere in the wastelands*
Cannot: You're a real crazy one, friend.
Cannot: That's a rather destructive trick you've got there.
Cannot: So, what do you need my help with?
Option_1: Though we don't want to use force, I still want to keep the option open.
Option_1: I would like your people to protect Amiya, up until she leaves safely.
Option_2: Maybe your people can ensure that Rhodes Island doesn't come under attack.
Option_3: In case of emergency, I'd like your people to do some clean-up work for me.
Cannot: Oi! Hold up, easy now.
Cannot: What do you mean by 'my people?'
Option_1: Mr. Cannot, I hope you can at least be honest with me now.
Option_2: We've been followed the whole way, right?
Option_3: We might just be lucky, as you said. But is it really just luck?
Cannot: ......
*The strange man has gone silent, but you can't judge his expression under the thick bucket helm. However, you feel that the silence harbors neither anger nor dissatisfaction.*
Cannot: Well done, Dr. {@nickname}.
Cannot: I thought my friends did a good job concealing themselves. This whole time, I took you for an intelligent but overly sentimental person.
Cannot: You truly are full of surprises.
Cannot: Well then, Dr. {@nickname}.
Cannot: Of course I can help you with this little favor, though I believe that with Miss Amiya's skills, she won't really need my help.
Cannot: But business is business, and what can you offer me?
Option_1: I'll turn a blind eye to the documents you took from our car.
Option_1: How does that sound to you?
Cannot: Hahaha...
Cannot: Beautifully played, friend. It's a deal.
Option_1: If everything goes well, we will see you in three days.
Cannot: Of course, my friend. I wish you the best of luck.
Cannot: ......
Cannot: All right, you can come out now.
Fiends Gang Member: You alone? Is it over?
Cannot: Not quite. The upcoming show should be quite entertaining.
Fiends Gang Member: That one's extremely dangerous. We shouldn't let 'em go.
Rusthammer Member: We could come up against that Rhodes Island. Why should we help them?
Cannot: Just trust me. The existence of an organization like theirs is good for us.
Cannot: The longer such people live, the more interesting this world will become.
Cannot: Let's go, friends. We still have a lot of work to do.
====================act9d0_Darknights Memoir.xlsx====================
*It's me.*
*I've reached the target destination. I have visual confirmation of the smoke signal's coordinates.*
*...It's been a while since our last fight with the other mercenaries. We've taken some losses.*
*But they hid plenty of supplies in the underground bunker. We won't come back empty-handed.*
*Mm, yeah. The scout can go on ahead.*
*I'll catch up soon.*
*...Right, there was an unexpected casualty.*
*W is dead.*
Ines: ...
Ines: You're talking like it was hell on earth out there, but you look perfectly fine to me.
Ines: Or are you talking it up to get a pity bonus?
Hoederer: Well, it's not like you had to go out of your way to leave camp to pick us up. Who asked you to be such a worrywart?
Ines: I don't give a shit about anyone. Quit projecting.
Hoederer: If W hadn't stayed behind to create an opening for us, none of us would've made it out.
Ines: ...
Ines: ...When did it happen?
Hoederer: Two hours ago, when our communications were cut off. The squad got ambushed.
Hoederer: W blew apart the ruins and gave us a chance to escape. He fought until the bitter end.
Ines: Poor guy.
Hoederer: Yeah. If only he made it back to camp alive. His kill count was well past mine. He would've come out as top merc, easy.
Hoederer: Forget it, no point talking about that stuff now. At least he's earned his rest.
Ines: With the enemy routed, we should probably bring him back?
Hoederer: Impossible. We can't risk exposing ourselves like that. Don't want to get caught out.
Hoederer: Why would you even want to? Were you two that close? Nobody told me.
Ines: He had a bunch of loot on him. That's all I care about.
Hoederer: It wasn't that much. Some of the other guys brought in bigger hauls.
Hoederer: When the war ends, we can go back to the good old days.
Hoederer: ...If the war ends.
Ines: Hmph...
Hoederer: We can sit around and commiserate later. We'd better get out of here before sunset if we don't want to be the center of attention.
Hoederer: Head back to camp and muster the troops.
Ines: Hmm—?
Ines: Is that an order, 'Second' Lieutenant Hoederer?
Hoederer: ...We've lost contact with the other squads. As of right now, I'm your commanding officer.
Ines: We're the same rank.
*Sigh*....
Hoederer: ...Ines, let's hurry back to the rendezvous point. Then we can contact the client again to renegotiate our deal.
Hoederer: That's a suggestion, not an order. All right?
Ines: Hmph...
Ines: How much you think we can milk W's death for?
Hoederer: A lot.
Hoederer: He was a helluva merc. Everybody knew.
Ines: At least... his death won't be in vain.
Ines: In the end, did he leave anything—
Ines: —Shh!
Ines: Someone's coming. Three o'clock. Not one of ours.
Hoederer: ...
Ines: Just one. Get out.
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: ...
Ines: A Sarkaz...? One of the natives?
Ines: No, wait... You have W's gun and knife in your hands...
Ines: Who the hell are you?
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: ...
Ines: Not talking? Then, die.
Hoederer: Wait, hold up.
Hoederer: She followed us here.
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: ...
Ines: ...You let her follow you?
Hoederer: We haven't exactly been dragging our feet, but she's kept up with us purely through her own skills, even after grabbing W's gear.
Hoederer: She's an 'experienced' Sarkaz, and I may need a local guide when it's time to bounce.
Ines: —Are you insane? Isn't that all the more reason to kill her right here?
Ines: If you want us all dead, you might as well just do it yourself.
Hoederer: I wouldn't dare.
Ines: What if she's an assassin? What if she leads us straight into a trap?
Ines: Did you forget how many people in Kazdel want your head?
Hoederer: Oh? How many?
Ines: ...There's one right in front of you.
Ines: You've got a huge bounty on your head. But for the time being, I'd rather it stay on your shoulders. Don't get too full of yourself.
Hoederer: I appreciate your diligence and frugality, but I'm not joking around either.
Hoederer: She took the risk to pick up W's knife and gun, and had the stones to walk right up to us.
Hoederer: What are your Arts telling you? Is she hostile?
Ines: ...No sane person would just take in a totally unknown Sarkaz.
Hoederer: Yeah, that's the difference between you and me.
Hoederer: On my way back, I gave her a whole bunch of openings, and she... threw little stones at me.
Hoederer: An interesting display of good will, wouldn't you agree?
Ines: ...Huh?
Hoederer: According to the old ways, we might want to give her a chance.
Hoederer: This war has thinned out our ranks. We could recruit some more Sarkaz, just as mysterious as her, but I'd rather hand-pick someone myself.
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: ...
Ines: But, she's an outsider. Our ways don't apply to—
Ines: —You know what, forget it.
Ines: I'm leaving in ten minutes. I don't care how many come with me.
Ines: But if you're gonna give me any more corpses to deal with, I don't care whose, you better make it quick.
Hoederer: Heh. Quite the impatient one, aren't you.
Hoederer: ...All right, you. Listen carefully.
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: ...
Hoederer: You're holding our fallen comrade's relics there.
Hoederer: Put them down, and you can walk out of here alive. You'll have to find somewhere else to die, but at least you'll buy yourself some extra time.
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: ...
Hoederer: ...
Hoederer: This is your last chance.
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: ...
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: Last... chance?
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: ...I don't think I ever had a choice. The second I turn around, you draw your blade and cut me down.
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: This whole time... your other hand has been on that hilt.
Hoederer: ...Very good.
Hoederer: You may have seen us before, or maybe you worked for someone else. None of that concerns me.
Hoederer: But, you understand what it means to take up the weapons of the fallen, yes?
Disheveled Sarkaz Woman: Of course.
Hoederer: In that case, prepare to evacuate first. We'll talk details later.
Hoederer: Now, go rejoin the squad—
Hoederer: —'W.'
*There is no end to war. And there is no end to our fight.*
*It is as if war is the tool that we have always relied on for survival.*
*...Mm, I am convinced of that.*
*Some still harbor reservations in their heart, while others have grown accustomed to that fact. The latter live, the former die.*
*And some people... were born to play this role.*
*What a pleasant surprise.*
*When I saw her in those crumbling ruins, I knew for sure...*
*She would reign supreme among the Sarkaz warriors.*
====================act9mini_Pinus Sylvestris.xlsx====================
Major Commentator: Fifteen knights, fifteen chances to take first prize!
Major Commentator: Who's the Knight tonight?! Who are you betting on?! And who's going to walk out of the bloodbath with a handful of gold? Who'll stride through the storm to win our admiration?!
Major Commentator: We're ten minutes away from the official start of the match! Don't miss this chance to get filthy rich overnight! You'd only end up kicking yourself! Now let's witness the birth of a rising star!
Sona: What's your name?
An Indifferent Knight: Do you need something?
Sona: C'mon, drop the act for a minute. It's not every day you see a Zalak knight around here, so I'm just popping over to say hi, that's all.
An Indifferent Knight: ......
Sona: Nervous?
An Indifferent Knight: Are you... Infected too?
Sona: I mean, who wouldn't be? Only Infected would fight a match like this... our lives are a goddamned game here.
An Indifferent Knight: ......
Sona: What'cha staring at me for? Spooky.
An Indifferent Knight: It's just... you seem a little... familiar.
Sona: Mmm? Trying to cozy up to me?
An Indifferent Knight: No. Maybe you're right about Zalak knights... being pretty uncommon.
Sona: Well, since life's bundled us together, how about we team up?
An Indifferent Knight: Huh?
An Indifferent Knight: Quit playing around. I'm in this to—
Sona: To give the knight nobility a little hands-on knock-knock?
An Indifferent Knight: ...How do you...
Sona: Got it in your eyes.
Sona: It's too obvious. There's disdain, there's anger, and they've been your bywords for a little too long—those couple of bigshot knights up in the stands, they're beginning to notice you, y'know?
An Indifferent Knight: This place isn't worth that.
Sona: Don't jump to conclusions, okay... take a look around. What are the different kinds of Infected knights around here?
Sona: Some bought up by the big shots as a little gambling pastime. There's a share in it for them if they make it, and if they lose, hoo boy, let's not get into that.
Sona: Of course, you've got some anonymous nobodies, thirsty for a real-ass high-riding knight or some merchant to pick them out. Thirsty to become... a tool.
Sona: They've got no other way. Infected never get any other way.
An Indifferent Knight: What are you getting at?
Sona: C'mon. Let's team up, okay?
Sona: Your chances in a melee, see, they're always better with a little personal alliancing, y'know?
An Indifferent Knight: So why do you want to win, then? For the prize money?
Sona: No. Because I can't let anyone else win.
An Indifferent Knight: —The hell.
Sona: There's something going on behind this match. A couple Infected... I'm not too sure yet, but my worry's they've 'settled on it,' so to speak.
Sona: They've decided to trample the others, haul themselves on up, for better odds of survival.
Sona: The only real choice, right? Too real for plenty here to not be thinking it.
Sona: —That's why I can't let them win. If someone wins, someone loses. Big whoop. But if someone's living, then... someone's dying.
An Indifferent Knight: A vague sense of justice isn't gonna win you much trust.
An Indifferent Knight: But—sure. Right now is make-or-break for Knights Association approval...
An Indifferent Knight: I'm in. Zalak and Zalak. Beats teaming with some rando any day.
Sona: Eh? For real?
An Indifferent Knight: If you just came over to screw with me, then I'm gonna start with you.
Sona: Whoa, whoa, whoa, no, I'm real. Let's take this melee together, Ashley.
An Indifferent Knight: Greynuty Kaliska.
Sona: ...Kaliska...?
An Indifferent Knight: Joke of a surname. Just pretend you don't know, even if you've heard it before.
Major Commentator: Now! Let's welcome—
Sona: You can call me Sona, Ashley.
Greynuty: ...Sona.
Sona: Mmm? What's up?
Greynuty: Back then, at the end, you took my points out of nowhere, didn't you?
Sona: ...Ahaha... Ashley, c'mon... that was, uh...
Sona: C'mon, are you still not over that?
Greynuty: Don't you think I might be a little stuck on it?
Sona: Well...
Greynuty: But not because you stole the crown from me.
Sona: Uh...
Greynuty: You said you couldn't let anyone else win... and I was just the same.
Sona: Urgh!
Greynuty: What are you overreacting for? We'd only just met then. It's normal not to trust.
Sona: No, well... uh... actually, yeah...
Greynuty: Look, weren't we going to see how the Infected ghetto was doing? Let's move.
Sona: Allow me! To come up with an excuse! To restore our bonds of Knightclub trust—!
Greynuty: Since when were we in a Knightclub?!
Sona: ...Heh.
Sona: Since sooner or later, Ashley.
Greynuty: You mean... that Knightclub for Infected?
Sona: Pinus Sylvestris.
Sona: I came from around Victoria, if you're curious. Plenty of that sort of pine tree around, back when I was young. These days they're long gone, though.
Greynuty: ...Pinus sylvestris? Pinus... sylvestris...
Greynuty: You were one of those Zalaks who got hit by that Catastrophe?! You got left for dead by the knights too—the Kaliskas abandoned you...
Sona: Let it go, Ashley. It's bygone stuff.
Greynuty: But... then your infection was... my family's fault?
Sona: Didn'tcha already break from your family? They don't count as family anymore, then.
Sona: You're not feeling any guilt for me, not on my watch. Oh, right, weren't you just talking about how I stole your championship?
Sona: We're even.
Greynuty: ......
An Infected Knight: So you're... 'Flametail' Sona?
Sona: You know me, then.
An Infected Knight: Haha, not many Infected around who win knight titles. I know them all.
An Infected Knight: So Pinus Sylvestris is led by the one and only 'Flametail' Sona... that puts me at ease, then.
Sona: You look after those kids?
An Infected Knight: I do. Er, but I only took them in... and a couple of them aren't Infected, actually. I was gonna send them to an aid station somewhere.
An Infected Knight: So I can't come along for the ride. Sorry, Flametail.
Sona: Can I get your name, at least?
An Infected Knight: ...Jamie. Call me Jamie.
Sona: Jamie, then. You said you know a couple Infected knights?
Sona: Every Infected keeping up the independent fight is an ally in waiting.
Sona: I remember one making a big splash lately... a Liberi, a sniper.
An Infected Knight: You're right, and there's a Kuranta... she's 'Leader' to a couple Infected knights, and to others, 'Wild Mane.'
A Wild Knight: ...*Spit*.
Sona: Yo, Iwona. Tired?
A Wild Knight: Hey there, Sona.
A Wild Knight: You, uh... seem pretty smooth rolling, still. Strong stuff.
Sona: Not really. Just... always gotta keep up some of the lax act.
A Wild Knight: You tired too? Didn't know you felt it. Figured you were always like that, on the forward march.
Sona: Ahaha...
A Wild Knight: Hah. That proves you trust me, though. Looking that beat in front of me.
A Wild Knight: So, this, uh... Armorless Union biz. How do we deal with 'em?
Sona: Do everything we can to keep them from knowing where exactly the Infected are settled.
A Wild Knight: So long as they hide in the city, an Infected's got nowhere to go.
A Wild Knight: We'll get found sooner or later, Sona. This isn't gonna solve anything.
A Wild Knight: You need to think of some way—
Sona: Mmm.
A Wild Knight: —Nah, maybe we oughtn'ta dump everything on your back. I'm sorry.
A Wild Knight: Yeah, chewing over stuff like this isn't my style, but you oughtn'ta run your own load too heavy, Sona. We're here for you.
Sona: ......
Sona: Mmm!
A Cold-Looking Knight: ......
A Spectating Knight A: She's an Infected, isn't she? How'd she get so many points...?
A Spectating Knight B: Not just that, Night of Knights had a whole spread for her interview a few days ago!
A Spectating Knight A: They either take underground fights for money, or uncompenasted battles just to get a title from the Association. How do Infected like her even survive?
Greynuty: So that's Justyna?
Greynuty: She looks frail as a twig. Where's the skill?
Sona: You ever hear the one about books and covers?
Sona: But the papers haven't, uh... been duly proper to her lately.
Greynuty: How many times have they ever been proper to Infected?
Greynuty: Actually, forget Infected. When have the media ever cared about being fair to anyone?
Sona: Can we believe anything that Armorless goon said?
Greynuty: It's something to go off. Beats having no ideas at all.
Greynuty: What's our plan?
A Spectating Knight: That's what I'm talking about—Justyna! Get that Feather Knight!
A Spectating Knight: To the left! Behind the stone bunker! Yeah! That's it—no, no! Don't peek out, you'll be clocked—nooo!
Sona: She's pretty popular, huh.
Greynuty: Might not wanna join us?
Greynuty: If she keeps doing what she's doing, she'll be titled sooner or later. Make a killing riding the wave of popularity, and maybe she can go find somewhere quiet to live out her days.
Greynuty: If she's that kind of Infected, can we really talk them into helping us?
Sona: We can't talk anyone over.
Sona: But this city forces Infected to make a choice in the end.
Sona: Honestly, it might just force everyone.
Greynuty: I hardly ever see you this pessimistic.
Sona: You're the one who asked!
Greynuty: I'm here hoping the Flametail Knight'll declare to me 'no problem, it's all under control.'
Sona: ...haha.
Sona: No problem... it's all under control.
Iwona: The Adeptus Sprawiedliwi?!
Sona: Shh—
Justyna: ...Still not certain.
Justyna: Besides, it's still ambiguous how the Adeptus treat Infected.
Greynuty: How would any of those knight families give a thought for the Infected?
Greynuty: We're just outsiders to them. They'd never let us get away.
Iwona: No matter how arrogant they are, I'd still take five hundred of them over the K.G.C.C. Dumb shameless assholes.
Greynuty: You've got a soft spot for campaign knights.
Iwona: Ha, they're the knights who fought Ursus off the grasslands! Tops clowns on stage winning points with the audience any day!
Justyna: ...Ursus. All I know of them is the news I saw when I was young...
Iwona: Ursus lost their war with Higashi. Of course the knights cranked up the publicity machine.
Greynuty: You... know about the war between Ursus and Higashi too?
Iwona: Hey, they forced me to read a dead tree or two when I was young. It was all stuff on the modern history of the campaign knights.
Justyna: I can't imagine it.
Justyna: Iwona sitting at a table, holding a book. It's too farfetched. Inconceivable.
Iwona: What?
Sona: You're from a campaign knight family, I think?
Sona: Studying's not... outta the question... for you, I guess, haha...
Iwona: Keh! Is this how you all see me?!
Iwona: Ten years after the Tenth Kazimierz-Ursus War, the Emperor of Ursus got seriously sick, and everything annexed from Kazimierz fell into the nobles' hands.
Iwona: The crown prince picked up on the corruption inside the military even before succession, goading two Armies to rise up, as a distraction.
Iwona: No way the Ursus nobles could ever agree on one plan, but they were all born and raised in this nation of chaos. They sent their own forces out against Higashi without any argument, so they could cover up their own crimes...
Iwona: Which led to Higashi launching an attack of their own on Ursus far beyond what anyone expected, and in the end, the decisive battle took place inside Ursus territory.
Sona: Jeez. Didn't know you had straight history lectures in you, Iwona.
Greynuty: No clarification on those bits that obviously got mixed in.
Iwona: At that point in Kazimierz, a good deal of the knights thought they should strike while Ursus was up to their ears in it, and in all the unrest, they'd take back the cities they lost ten years ago...
Sona: Iwona?
Iwona: ...and that was 1072. 25 years ago.
Iwona: My grandparents were there with the scouts who resisted Ursus, only to get strangled by the Army before they could really rise up. I wish I got to know them.
Sona: ......
Iwona: Hey, don't take it so hard. That's the past. I'm not a campaign knight anymore, so I jump when you say jump, Sona.
Iwona: Enough about me. Let's talk your plans now.
Sona: This morning, Jamie got three, maybe four new Infected in on his end.
Sona: Miners, infected in a small industrial accident, but the contractor declined to reimburse their medical fees, so with nowhere to go, they ended up with the police out for them.
Sona: And that's not the end... we've had over ten normal Infected join us this month already, right?
Sona: They live in the darkest, dankest corners of the Grand Knight Territory... we've got no way to settle them.
Greynuty: ...Sona.
Sona: We've still got time. We've got power. We'll find a way.
Sona: But... I won't... let any innocent Infected end up risking themselves with us.
Sona: If the Adeptus really will let us all have legal identities again, live on in Kazimierz, then—
*We have no other choice.*
Sona: —Man, this is some party.
Armorless Union Member: Flametail Knight, Sona.
Armorless Union Member: You are suspected of illegally harboring Infected, publicly violating the Knights Association's code of conduct. Put an end to your resistance.
Armorless Union Member: Hand over the illegal Infected, and we will report your case to the Knights Association.
Sona: Musta missed this. Armorless have authority to help settle biz for the police and knights now?
Armorless Union Member: ......
Sona: Let's all be honest. Don't you guys feel ashamed when you use the law as this big pompous excuse?
Armorless Union Member: Your provocations will get you nowhere, Flametail Knight.
Armorless Union Member: You have already overstepped the mark. Here in the Grand Knight Territory, drawing the Chamber's gaze is tantamount to death.
Sona: Death? That's some scary stuff there.
Armorless Union Member: A biological death is not death's only sense, Flametail Knight.
Armorless Union Member: The more chances for survival Kazimierz accords us, the more deaths it creates for us down the line.
Armorless Union Member: All hands, take aim!
Armorless Union Member: —Shelling from the rear?!
Greynuty: Sona! I'm here!
Armorless Union Member: It's backup from Pinus Sylvestris Knightclub! Surround them!
Iwona: Justyna!
Justyna: Roger. Laying cover fire.
Iwona: Sorry, Sona, I'm going in!
Platinum: Do Infected cry?
Armorless Union Member: What?
Platinum: Infected. I don't mean the knights who had the guts to resist the Chamber. I mean all the normal Infected.
Platinum: They just got Oripathy, right?
Armorless Union Member: Er... yes?
Platinum: They're not monsters. And they're not scum of the earth either.
Platinum: I'm not all that into this assignment.
Armorless Union Member: Don't ever let the Lazurites hear you say that!
Armorless Union Member: But still, have you found some sort of compassion for them, Platinum?
Platinum: Huh. Compassion... not really, I guess. I don't even get the time for myself, after all.
Platinum: Compassion's a luxury kinda deal these days.
Armorless Union Member: ...Ha.
Platinum: I've got other assignments. Dealing with the Infected is pretty small-time. You guys have it.
Platinum: It doesn't matter what tantrums Adeptus throws at the K.G.C.C., neither's gonna wanna keep Infected in the Grand Knight Territory.
Platinum: The nobles aren't gonna care whether Infected live or die, are they?
Sona: ...How the...
An Infected Knight: Flametail!
An Infected Knight: It's the Armorless... the Armorless suddenly attacked us!
Sona: Stay calm. What went down?
An Infected Knight: They sealed off the street nearby two hours ago. We were busted long ago. And then they... used gas to force us out of the houses...!
Sona: —
An Infected Knight: A few knights picked up on it. They used their own bodies to block the Armorless's shots, but some still...
Sona: ......
An Infected Knight: Where...?
An Infected Knight: Where do we go next? If the Armorless Union got us the first time, they'll get us the second, the third... we...
Sona: Save the eulogies. First, we need to... move the rest of the Infected.
An Infected Knight: Should we get out of the Grand Knight Territory? Go somewhere in the countryside...
An Infected Knight: At least! At least get the Infected civilians out of here—
Greynuty: We've been leaning on our knighthood so hard to give them some kind of cover.
Greynuty: When there's no knighthood involved, when they're out of the Grand Knight Territory, it's only gonna get worse for them...
An Infected Knight: So we just... take it?! We give up and accept this?!
Sona: ...The Adeptus.
Sona: We still have... that on the table, don't we.
Greynuty: Sona!
Iwona: I'm back.
Justyna: How was it?
Sona: I was dealing with an old knight... Definitely one of the Adeptus higher-ups, no doubt about it.
Greynuty: Best we don't trust the Grand Knight Territory nobles too hard, Sona.
Sona: It was Demian... vice-president of the Knights Association.
Greynuty: ......!
Iwona: Ha, there's a big guy for you. VP Demian, the renowned campaign knight.
Iwona: I remember him. Huge ruckus for the news when he was discharged and came back to the Territory to do boring old civil service.
Iwona: A descendant of the heroes, like that one Maria girl.
Justyna: And the conditions...?
Justyna: If you're back here, that means there's been actual headway, correct? What conditions did the Adeptus Sprawiedliwi set?
Sona: A separation. A Great Separation.
Sona: He wants to borrow our efforts... to put this city... to sleep.
Greynuty: ......
Justyna: ......
Iwona: ...Uh. What's that mean?
Sona: That's how the plan goes, roughly.
Sona: We can do this... right?
Greynuty: Are you asking me?
Greynuty: Maybe. I'm not giving up until I see those dumb knight nobles bowing to me.
Sona: You guys?
Iwona: Real simple plan. We fail if we're not strong enough. We get even stronger next time, we're good.
Iwona: Long as we don't die, yeah?
Justyna: ...Relax. Uncoil, don't get nervous.
Justyna: Pinus Sylvestris just needs to stay Pinus Sylvestris... and we'll be fine.
Justyna: Whether or not we succeed, we only have one way open to us. There's no difference, really.
Sona: ...Difference, huh.
Sona: ......
Greynuty: Sona!
Sona: Hm?
Greynuty: You've been zoning out a lot lately. What's wrong?
Sona: Nah... nothing, really.
Sona: Let's go. We've gotta find a place for the Infected, still.
*......*
*......*
*Run away... hurry!*
*Away from the sawdust... fire everywhere... chokes your sinuses... the soil's too hot to touch...*
*Ore... Originium... gashing...*
*The Kaliskas abandoned their subjects—*
Sona: —!
Sona: (Did I... fall asleep? On a bench?)
Sona: Ashley'd be on my case again if she was sitting here.
Sona: Phew...
Sona: Lot of people... out on the street.
Sona: (Infected under the Knights Association's supervision aren't allowed to walk around freely.)
Sona: (If all these pedestrians... knew there was an Infected out in broad moonlight here, I wonder what they'd think?)
Sona: ......
*Without knowing why, a thought flits through Sona's mind.*
*'They wouldn't think much.'*
*Pedestrians bustle, coming and going as life demands, melting together under the rainbow lights.*
*The Zalak called 'Flametail' silently watches the city before her.*
Sona: Hm? Oh, hey, it's Ashley. What's up—
Greynuty: Trouble! Sona, they found the underground shelter!
Greynuty: We're not gonna make it in time to move everyone! Whoever we save, we save! Hurry, get back—
Sona: This is an Infected...
Sona: Right here!
====================main_0_Evil Time Part 1.xlsx====================
*It's been a long time since we've last seen each other.*
*During this time... you've been teetering on the edge of a cliff.*
*You may have forgotten who you are, but just remembering your name is enough.*
*...It's time. Don't linger here for too long.*
*After all, you aren't my guest yet, nor should you even be here.*
*She still needs you.*
*December 23rd.*
*You may not remember what this date means to you.*
*And this will thrust you into peril.*
*...*
*No...*
*You must try to remember.*
Distant Voice: ...consciousness...
Distant Voice: Circulation resumed... vitals stabilized... cardioplegia solution injected...
Distant Voice: Body temperature low... administering Hexamethasone 20 c.c., now...
Distant Voice: Get the hemostat!
Distant Voice: ...Conditions stable... beginning resection... be careful of VFib...
Distant Voice: ...Sorry...
Distant Voice: For making you suffer again...
???: ...
???: Doctor...
???: ...hand!
???: Take my...
???: Take my hand!!
???: ...
???: Emergency...
???: ...Help...
???: ...It's done...!
???: Doctor, Doctor!
???: Medic, how's Doctor doing?
???: But, just a moment ago... we were holding hands...
???: So why... why is Doctor still not waking up...?
Medic: Amiya! Don't panic, just calm down first!
Amiya: Ah... S-sorry.
Medic: You always get so flustered when it comes to the doctor.
Medic: But, Amiya, if the worst came to pass... what would you do then?
Amiya: ...I'm already mentally prepared for that. We would continue to follow the plan.
Medic: ...I understand. Anyway, I'll do what you requested.
Amiya: All right... I appreciate it.
Amiya: About the Doctor...
Medic: Don't worry, Amiya. All the vital signs are stable now.
Medic: I'll do one more inspection, just for you.
Amiya: Thank you... Thank you very much!
Medic: Mhm. Breathing is slightly shallow, but blood pressure is normal. There should be no cause for concern.
Amiya: ...!
Medic: ...
Medic: Are you awake?
Medic: Amiya, it's a success! The Doctor has woken up!
Amiya: Doctor...?
Amiya: I'm so happy... Doctor...
Medic: Ah, careful! You mustn't do that...
Medic: Don't try to move yet. Your body still hasn't fully adapted to this.
Amiya: Doctor...?
Option_1: Who... are you?
Amiya: Ah, Doctor... It's me...
Amiya: ...
Amiya: It's me, Amiya.
Amiya: We've come to rescue you.
Option_1: ...Who... am I...?
Amiya: You...
Amiya: You're a member of Rhodes Island, just like us...
Amiya: ...as well as my partner.
Amiya: ...Dr. {@nickname}.
Amiya: You're the most important person to me.
Amiya: Doctor... you don't remember?
Option_1: ...Can I trust you?
Option_2: ...
Option_3: I see... Pleased to meet you, Amiya.
Amiya: ...
Amiya: I understand. I know this is a bit much to take in right now.
Amiya: I don't expect you to remember everything right away, and I'm not asking you to trust me right now.
Amiya: Dr. {@nickname}, do you really not remember me at all...?
Amiya: ...
Amiya: Even if that's the case... I won't give up.
Amiya: We've already sacrificed so much, just to find you...
Amiya: Ah, um, hello.
Amiya: ...
Amiya: I, I don't know how to put this, but so many things have changed from before.
Amiya: That includes me as well.
Amiya: However, you'll always be the most important person to me, Doctor. No matter what happens, this will never change.
Amiya: So that's why, please... give me a little more time.
Amiya: However little it might be...
Option_1: ...
Medic: Does the doctor... really have amnesia?
Amiya: ...
Amiya: I'm sure everything will be fine if we give Doctor some space...
Option_1: Where is this...
Amiya: It's safe here—
Amiya: Huh? What's happening—
Heavily-Armed Man: Amiya, we've got a problem!
Heavily-Armed Man: Someone broke into the facility!
Heavily-Armed Man: The way they're dressed... they don't look like Ursus soldiers!
Reunion Member: ...
Heavily-Armed Man: What's the meaning of this?!
Heavily-Armed Man: They're attacking! Amiya, they're heavily equipped with weapons!
Medic: Aaaahh!
Amiya: Be careful, everyone! Take cover, and protect Doctor!
Amiya: These outfits... are they from the Reunion Movement? But how is that possible...
Amiya: Guards, prepare for battle!
Guard: Roger!
Guard: Curses... Are they after the Doctor?!
Amiya: No... Nobody else should know about the Doctor being here.
Amiya: Are you able to reach Kal'tsit?
Guard: I'm not sure why, but the equipment isn't working!
Amiya: ...Someone has cut off our communications.
Amiya: Have we been discovered by the Ursus government?
Guard: What do we do now?
Amiya: Kal'tsit won't be able to command the battle as we had originally planned.
Amiya: ...
Amiya: ...Dr. {@nickname}.
Amiya: I hope that... you'll be able to take command.
Medic: Isn't that a bit too risky? The Doctor only just came to...
Amiya: I'd like... to give it a try.
Amiya: Even without memories, Doctor has...
Amiya: ...fought alongside us before.
???: Thank you for all of your guidance...
Amiya: ...
Amiya: We've been through so much together...
Amiya: Doctor... I just know that you'll be able to do it.
???: I know that you'll lead us to victory.
Amiya: I understand that asking you to do this is very sudden and inconsiderate.
Amiya: But... Please, lend us your aid.
Amiya: We'll be supporting you!
Option_1: Let's push them back first!
Option_2: ...
Option_3: We have no choice but to fight back, right?
Amiya: Mm... I don't want to drag you into this.
Amiya: But right now, we need your wisdom more than ever, Dr. {@nickname}.
Amiya: I hope that a part of you will reawaken during combat.
Amiya: Even though you might have doubts about yourself...
Amiya: But I believe in you.
Amiya: I know you can do this.
Amiya: Please take command... of Rhodes Island!
====================main_10_Shatterpoint.xlsx====================
Theresis: Our project is near to its close.
Theresa: I hear the sound of the storm, and so do they.
Theresa: They're telling me now, how they like this sound. They're dying to become a part of the storm, to howl wantonly through the air, to go and devour this hateful city before us.
Theresis: Perfect.
Theresis: In ten days, our airship will be complete. From there, they'll be able to take to Londinium's skies, and serve as the storm's very pilots.
Theresa: I'll be going with them.
Theresis: That suits our plan. You are the optimal candidate to command our air forces, given I must be defending The Shard.
Theresa: No, Theresis, that isn't what I mean.
Theresa: They and I, as one, can but only go together.
Theresis: —
Theresis: Good.
Theresis: Prior to their departure, you are to continue fulfilling your duty.
Theresis: The Royal Court needs you, and our soldiers need their most trustworthy monarch.
Theresis: Moreover, you are more proficient in building than I am, by all rights. Our construction rate has sped up by ten percent since you began attending Court meetings.
Theresa: I would not forget what I am meant to do.
Theresa: Also. I noticed you deposed of those... guards. The Confessarii have given you no end of grief for that, have they?
Theresis: Deposing of the guards about you was the Military Commission's decision. We need more sentries, so we can answer to the greatest period of danger.
Theresa: If needs be, I can enter the battlefield too.
Theresis: Stay here. This tower... and the airship. Those lie at the core of our plans.
Theresis: Once these two projects are through and done with, Kazdel will possess the power to fend off all nations.
Theresa: Fend off all nations, you say...
Theresa: I've always known of your ambitions, but it makes it no less unbelievable to hear every time.
Theresis: Hasn't it always plagued you that they would not permit us to rise again?
Theresis: Very soon, you will be plagued no longer.
Theresa: Indeed.
Theresa: —If even the bearing of the storm is ours to control, who would still be occupied by the dark clouds floating at its head?
Theresis: In the past, we Sarkaz let our enemies pursue us.
Theresis: Time and time again we stood up in the ruins, and time again we rebuilt our homeland, and time again we watched our home be torn to shreds by the wars they incited.
Theresa: Sarkaz... Sarkaz. We are a rootless people.
Theresis: Why is that? Solely because they have occupied our finest soil, and forbid our roots to take.
Theresis: In the war two hundred years ago, it took all our might to drive the enemy back—yet we still could not preserve Kazdel.
Theresis: After that, how much time did we have to devote, to just about reconvene our stranded remnants?
Theresis: And how much more time—
Theresis: To transport these bare shreds Victoria and Ursus could not see to a wasteland they were just as blind to, and rebuild Kazdel again right under their very noses?
Theresa: Two hundred years?
Theresis: Yes. It has taken us these two full centuries.
Theresis: So what of the next time? Suppose our Kazdel is once again razed by flames of war? How much more time will we need to rebuild it?
Theresis: Now five hundred years—or even longer?
Theresis: Our enemies have almost gotten away with this, precisely because we've become accustomed to drifting.
Theresis: Ruination after ruination may never snuff out the Sarkaz soul, but it has unarguably scattered us.
Theresis: Kazdel today is merely crammed with houses. It is not home.
Theresis: Still more Sarkaz wander the great land beyond, no dreams in their mind's eye further than tomorrow's bread.
Theresis: Even the Royal Court... All Kazdel has is its Ten Kings' Court of tradition, and the majority of those ten have left their positions vacant.
Theresa: This is why you wanted war.
Theresis: It is not my want, but the Sarkaz's need.
Theresis: This time, it will be beneath our feet where war's flames ignite. Victoria, Ursus, Leithanien... not one city, not one patch of soil will be fortunate enough to escape.
Theresis: Within the next century, our enemies will no longer have the energy left to set their sights on Kazdel.
Theresis: No, more than that. Once we have the ability to guide the storm—they'll come to fear the Sarkaz's gaze instead, just as they fear the storm descending.
Theresa: The storm... gathers atop this tower we stand in.
Theresa: They will see us, stood in the storm's eye. Every enemy of the Sarkaz will throw themselves at us with all they have, to stop us.
Theresis: Then let them.
Theresa: You... Don't you fear the inferno consuming your body too, when the first thunderbolt strikes?
Theresis: When you built Babel, you too knew all opposers would point their swords at you—and did you ever once fear?
Theresa: ......
Theresis: The tower you built with life has collapsed, just like another Kazdel.
Theresis: And at this moment, we stand here—in a new tower, in a new opportunity.
Theresis: Look at Londinium today. You only just presided over the meeting of the kings. How can you not have realized?
Theresis: Not even before the useless war between us began, were the Sarkaz so close to unity.
*「I'll return to the city's outer barracks soon,Your Majesty Theresa.」*
*「I understand, Nachzehrer King.Our meeting here will be as brief as possible.」*
*「You're always in such a hurry, Nachzehrer.You don't want to get together with us?」*
*「I haven't the time to spare, Vampire.A hundred thousand are stationed outside Londinium.Not I nor my soldiers can spare a second of complacency.」*
*「His head will have to stay on his neck for a moment longer. Don't add the city's Victorian Army to our troubles.」*
*「Fine enough. That said,don't you feel that some still haven't been put to use?」*
*「Do you speak of myself, Vampire?I have great affairs upcoming, don't I, Your Highnesses?」*
*「Of course. Control of Londinium is inseparable from the efforts of us all.」*
*「Has there been word from the Messenger you sent, Confessarius?」*
*「By Manfred's tireless urging, the Lich is now fast on the way to Londinium.」*
*「The few Wendigos left remain battling strange monsters in Ursus's north. Their hearts hold the Royal Court no more.」*
*「The Cyclops sends a letter. As ever, she describes a tragic scene—Londinium sundered by great fire into thirds, The Shard fallen under lightning strikes in their hundreds, and the Regent... yes, she still prophesies your end, Regent.」*
*「Speak.」*
*「She says she has seen your solitary death, on the underground throne of the Palace of Westhaleg.」*
*「Give her a reply, thanking her for her concern.」*
*「Continue searching for any sign of the Gargoyles. So long as you can find any remnant blood vessels, immediately send an invitation.」*
*「The Council will, together with the Royal Court, ensure victory in this war.」*
Theresis: If the Sarkaz can still be given a new chance, then that chance lies before our eyes, and it is one and only.
Theresa: And very, very many will die.
Theresa: So many... Victorians, and so many Sarkaz. The people's blood will change this grey city through and through, and their wails will cover even the thunder.
Theresis: This is a war. A war between us and them, one continued for centuries, without end.
Theresa: Yes, war... This has always been how we Sarkaz continue to survive.
Theresis: If you have any objections, speak.
Theresis: Single out the dangers of my plan, just as you have countless times before.
Theresa: I have no objections.
Theresis: None... you say?
Theresa: If you could hear these sounds in my head, you would know, they would not allow me another choice.
Theresa: Provided this war can truly free Kazdel from the cycle of destruction... Provided this storm can truly put out the Sarkaz's smoldering enmity, and return countless souls to the freedom of rest...
Theresa: I will stand with you, ensuring our dream can be made reality.
Theresis: ......
Theresis: A fine turn.
Theresis: There is one more thing—
Theresis: The Rhodes Islanders are already on their way.
*6:50 A.M. \ Overcast*
*527km out from Londinium, operation platform of an abandoned mine*
Rhodes Island Operator: Dr. Kal'tsit, anchoring sequence will begin in T plus one hour, forty-eight minutes.
Kal'tsit: Good. Ensure the boarding region can operate normally before then.
Rhodes Island Operator: Understood. We'll step up the cleanup.
Kal'tsit: Warfarin, have all critically ill patients been appropriately situated?
Warfarin: Relax, it's just the last three left, and we're operating on them tomorrow. We'll have the moving sickbeds arranged in no time...
Warfarin: Don't rush me, okay? You standing here with your stern look makes our Medic Operators have to keep peeking at you.
Kal'tsit: This is an emergency.
Warfarin: Fine, I get it, I'll quit joking.
Warfarin: Every day's been like a battle ever since we entered Victoria. If you hadn't transferred so many operators away beforehand...
Kal'tsit: Rhodes Island must operate as usual.
Kal'tsit: We reached this consensus at the first resolutive meeting, Warfarin.
Warfarin: No complaints from me. You made Mon3tr lash me to the side of the ship four years ago...
Kal'tsit: Hm?
Warfarin: I mean, when you invited me to join Rhodes Island. We agreed I would research Oripathy alongside you, as a doctor.
Warfarin: There wasn't any 'follow the new King of Sarkaz in a fight to win back Kazdel'-type clause in my contract, and switching Kazdel out for Londinium changes nothing.
Kal'tsit: This goes for a great deal of our operators. I have no intent of forcing any one operator to participate in a mission irrelevant to their long-term goals.
Kal'tsit: Moreover, no matter the other operations we are forced to take on, we cannot turn a blind eye to the Infected throughout every region.
*Sigh* If it wasn't for our work there, we'd have a few more elite operators to spare for this Londinium trip.
Warfarin: I wonder how Amiya's crew are doing.
Kal'tsit: Once we reach the vicinity of Londinium, we'll receive word.
Amiya: Recon group, report situation on both sides!
Amiya: Received. No threat, copy.
Amiya: Closure, we can pass through ahead! Keep the engineering team with us!
Closure: On it!
Closure: Dr.{@nickname}, still got it in you to move? Want my drones to give you a lift?
Option_1: I'm fine, let's keep going.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: When were drones capable of that?
Closure: Lemme think... huh, I can't actually think of anything wrong with the idea.
Amiya: Doctor, we just need to walk a little longer. When we're out of this danger zone, then we can ride on our crafts and recuperate a little.
Amiya: We'll need to send Dr. Kal'tsit a message at some point, too... She must be extremely worried about us.
Option_1: Wonder if it's going smoothly on the landship's side.
Option_2: She should be sending us a message too.
Amiya: That's exactly why she had to stay behind... she can only rendezvous with us once Rhodes Island is safely situated. That's our joint responsibility.
Amiya: For safety, we can't use any messaging devices on our approach to Londinium.
Amiya: Doctor, just leave this to me.
Amiya: I want a chance for you to catch your breath too... even if it's just mentally.
Amiya: Doctor, we have to keep going.
Warfarin: Ugh, there are times I think about how we got in over the past months, and it seems too smooth to even believe.
Warfarin: That ragtag bunch of windbags are all together in Londinium right now, and they haven't even noticed us... Kal'tsit, did you use some kind of ancient technique I'm not aware of?
Kal'tsit: If any Arts truly could render Rhodes Island invisible, believe me, I would've used them over a decade ago.
Warfarin: Haha, I almost forgot. 'Disused industrial mining equipment recovery organization'... is that right?
Warfarin: We've been using that title for passage and permission to park the whole way. Trust Dr.{@nickname} to come up with that.
Kal'tsit: Dr.{@nickname} tends to have a... unique angle of thought on certain aspects.
Kal'tsit: And luckily, Closure's personal interests has had her lead the Engineering Department over the past years to develop technologies for using scrap.
Kal'tsit: Which, in short, renders the title a fine one. With the addition of a few friends' aid, this plan has been successful in execution thus far.
Kal'tsit: As for what comes next... that lies with Amiya and Vina.
Siege: Two left, four right. Indra?
Indra: Check.
Siege: How's the right side?
Morgan: Tsk. Someone who thought he was funny had me caught up for a second, but he's over with now.
Siege: And Dagda?
Indra: I heard steel claws and crossbow bolts mashing into each other.
Siege: Enemies left to the rear?
Indra: Leave 'em to her.
Indra: Hey, there's one hiding right here—!
Siege: Now there isn't.
Siege: Just missing Dagda...
Indra: Vina, listen, it's dead silence behind. I said she could sort it out.
Siege: Good. Vanguard group, mission complete.
Siege: Notify Amiya immediately: there's no more noble's patrols in the vicinity. They can pass through.
Amiya: The road ahead is clear. No casualties.
Amiya: Messaging devices back in operation.
Amiya: Doctor... we're just about to catch sight of Londinium.
Option_1: We finally made it here.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: Now can I catch my breath too?
Amiya: Hold on, Doctor... Jessica sent a message.
Amiya: Ah... before we carry out the next step of the plan, we need to send a few operators to run a different mission.
Amiya: We have two targets to rescue. One's a friend at Blacksteel, and the other is an informant who can help us enter Londinium.
====================main_1_Evil Time Part 2.xlsx====================
Guard: Is it just me, or is the sky getting darker?
Dobermann: ...If only it was just you.
Dobermann: We never had much time anyway.
Dobermann: The shape of the Catastrophe cloud is more clearly defined than the black haze it was before.
Dobermann: Tsk. I don't like the feeling I get from watching it form over our heads. What a bad omen.
Dobermann: To make things worse, Reunion goons might be lurking in every nook and cranny.
Dobermann: Actually, that's probably too conservative.
Nearl: What you should've said is that they're probably partying on the streets.
Medic: Almost every street is filled with destruction, violence and looting. Vehicles and buildings are being set on fire...
Medic: But these thugs decide that it's the perfect weather for a picnic!
Nearl: If they're going out on a picnic now, it's the Catastrophe that will feast upon their bones.
Nearl: This proves that most Reunion members are just fools who've been whipped into a frenzy.
Amiya: ...
Amiya: ...Pfft.
Medic: Look, they're not really having a picnic...
Medic: I, I just wanted something to moan about. You didn't have to take me so seriously...
Nearl: ...
Nearl: Oh, you weren't being serious？Wait, were you trying to crack a joke?
Nearl: Hmm...
Nearl: Sorry, I'm not good with this stuff...
Medic: Umm... It's fine...
Medic: It's just that... trying not to laugh is hard...
Medic: Um, sorry... for trying to make a joke at such a serious time...
Amiya: It's okay.
Amiya: Rhodes Island wasn't founded for the sake of having everyone keep a serious face.
Amiya: We've always wanted everyone to be able to smile.
Medic: A-Amiya...
Amiya: Don't worry about it!
Dobermann: In any case, let's help out with the scouting.
Dobermann: I'll quietly dispatch the enemy at our four o'clock.
Dobermann: Hopefully their diseased organs won't explode or be rigged to serve as some kind of alarm.
Ace: We'll wrap around and take care of the large group on the other side of the fortification.
Ace: With this much chaos around us, nobody will notice a little more noise.
Dobermann: All right, let's move out!
====================main_2_Separated Hearts.xlsx====================
*Desert; 4 km from the outskirts of Lungmen*
*4 days after the Chernobog rescue mission*
PRTS: Good morning, Dr. {@nickname}. You have currently been sleeping for 99999----
PRTS: ----9999 hours.
PRTS: Although your reluctance to leave bed is not beyond reason, your presence is urgently needed at the operations command room.
PRTS: Furthermore, here is some medical advice from Dr. Kal'tsit: Please keep the windows open to maintain a source of fresh air, and spend some time on the deck to maintain healthy levels of Vitamin D.
Amiya: Ah, Doctor! Good morning.
Dobermann: So you made it, Dr. {@nickname}.
Amiya: Doctor, are you feeling better now?
Amiya: You looked like you were still in pain and and couldn't move around well yesterday.
Option_1: I've made a complete recovery. How about you?
Amiya: I'm perfectly fine and full of energy today!
Amiya: After all, we still have other missions to take care of...
Amiya: So the sooner we can start preparing, the better. Doctor, you should get used to having to shift gears quickly here.
Dobermann: Doctor,
Dobermann: Even though we sustained heavy losses in Chernobog, we gained a lot of information about Reunion and, more importantly, got you out alive.
Dobermann: Based on the negotiations we had yesterday, the closest mobile city to us, Lungmen, has offered us a cooperation pact and agreed to exchange information with us.
Dobermann: We have some evidence that Reunion might be targeting Lungmen next.
Dobermann: We'll have to wait for Dr. Kal'tsit's permission first before we can get the rest of the information. She's still stationed within Lungmen.
Amiya: Lungmen has granted us permission to temporary camp near the city. They've also agreed to compensate a portion of our losses and expenditures during the operation.
Amiya: In exchanges, Rhodes Island is expected to help defend the city's outskirts.
Amiya: But the reason why I called for you so early is...
Dobermann: Let me explain it, Amiya.
Dobermann: Last night, we discovered another wave of Chernobog survivors making their way towards Lungmen. They're expected to get there in the afternoon.
Dobermann: We'll be expected to safeguard the outskirts of District 5 just like the last few days. Only this time, there might be more Reunion members mixed into the group.
Dobermann: Because the situation is a bit different, we'll need to discuss some new tactics with you before beginning the operation.
Amiya: Anyway, Doctor, there's a lot to get through today, so...
Amiya: Let's do our best!
Dobermann: In any case...
Dobermann: Both of you, please complete your combat preparations. Doctor, once you've decided on your squad assignments, please let the operators know so that they also have time to prepare.
Dobermann: We'll set out 15 minutes after you finish your drills.
Dobermann: Oh, and make sure you're not late this time.
====================main_3_Stinging Shock.xlsx====================
Ch'en: Looks like you had a rough time as well.
Amiya: Madam Ch'en, what happened here?
Ch'en: We were ambushed by Reunion.
Ch'en: We were caught in a withering assault with no reinforcements. They easily routed our forces.
Amiya: And Misha...?
Ch'en: She was taken away by a woman dressed in red.
Ch'en: I really should have...
Amiya: ...?
Ch'en: Nevermind.
Amiya: ...
Amiya: Madam Ch'en, why is Misha so special?
Amiya: If you keep hiding things from us, it's only going to be harder and harder for us to continue working together.
Ch'en: I have no obligation to tell you.
Amiya: But Rhodes Island has an obligation to understand the objectives and prepare our strategies accordingly.
Amiya: Naturally, we'll continue to follow the L.G.D.'s instructions during our operations...
Amiya: However, when it comes to using the Infected to fight other Infected, we need all the information we can get.
Amiya: While you may have that information, you don't have the means of using it effectively to reduce your losses.
Amiya: On the other hand, we have the ability to stop Reunion, but we don't know what they're after.
Ch'en: ...
Ch'en: You sounded a bit like that doctor just now.
Amiya: Is, is that so...
Amiya: I think...
Amiya: This is something that is equally important to both of us.
Ch'en: I see.
Amiya: If it's because you need to ask for permission from Chief Wei...
Ch'en: When we investigated Misha, the most prominent bit of information was that her father was one of Chernobog's most influential people.
Amiya: Misha's father?
Ch'en: Naturally, we don't know how much Misha knows about Chernobog.
Ch'en: She could know nothing, or she could know everything.
Ch'en: Nobody knows...
Ch'en: ...except her.
Ch'en: We also have no idea what kind of information she might have.
Ch'en: Since you predicted that Lungmen would be Reunion's next target...
Ch'en: It's obvious that we have to prevent Reunion from using Chernobog.
Ch'en: That's why we can't allow them to have Misha.
Ch'en: We were aware of the fact that someone who fit her descriptions had taken refuge in Lungmen...
Ch'en: But until you actually found her, we weren't able to verify if that intel was accurate.
Amiya: If that's the case, we can't waste any more time.
Amiya: We have to stop Reunion and rescue Misha before they're able to take her back to Chernobog!
Amiya: Rhodes Island, prepare to move out!
Ch'en: It was the L.G.D.'s responsibility to track her down.
Ch'en: ...and letting Reunion capture her was a dereliction of our duties.
Ch'en: Rather than lauching a joint operation, we'll need Rhodes Island to eliminate other threats from Reunion.
Ch'en: This is an order.
Amiya: ...Understood.
Ch'en: Don't let me down.
Reunion Member: N-no! D-don't beat me...
Ch'en: You should've thought twice before entering Lungmen!
Reunion Member: Aaaagh!
Ch'en: Lock them all up!
Ch'en: They're not with this group of Infected. Curses...
Ch'en: Not with this group either... Damn it all...
L.G.D. Agent: They... retreated way too quickly...
Ch'en: It seems that Reunion also has its own hierarchy.
Ch'en: They just left the riffraff behind to buy them more time.
Ch'en: To think that a single person could delay our reinforcements...
Ch'en: Just who are they...
L.G.D. Agent: Madam! We found some Reunion stragglers over there!
Ch'en: Follow me!
L.G.D. Agent: ...!
L.G.D. Agent: Be careful, Madam Ch'en!
L.G.D. Agent: It's an ambush!
Reunion Member: G-go to hell!
Ch'en: Don't get in my way--!
L.G.D. Agent: Madam Ch'en, we're still on Lungmen soil!
L.G.D. Agent: The nearby facilities can still be used, so please try not to cause too much damage!
Ch'en: Shut up already!
L.G.D. Agent: At least, don't cut these buildings to pieces!
Reunion Member: Th-this woman...
Reunion Member: She's so hard to deal with!
Ch'en: ...Hard to deal with?
Ch'en: Foolish Infected...
Ch'en: ...
Ch'en: Did you think we'd allow you filth to treat Lungmen like your personal latrine?!
Ch'en: L.G.D., attack!
====================main_4_Burning Run.xlsx====================
*Rhodes Island*
Kal'tsit: Welcome back.
Amiya: ...Mm.
Kal'tsit: ...
Kal'tsit: I already heard what happened from the recon squad.
Kal'tsit: Amiya, let me check your hands.
Amiya: There's no need for that, Dr. Kal'tsit...
Kal'tsit: Amiya.
Amiya: I, I...
Amiya: ...All right.
Kal'tsit: ...
Kal'tsit: It looks fine. The rings haven't cracked or discolored.
Kal'tsit: But it might be different next time.
Kal'tsit: Listen closely, Amiya...
Kal'tsit: Be a little more careful.
Amiya: Dr. Kal'tsit, I...
Amiya: ...I need some rest.
Kal'tsit: Go ahead.
Amiya: Mm...
Kal'tsit: ...
Kal'tsit: Never put Amiya in this much risk again.
Kal'tsit: You are also responsible for what happened.
Kal'tsit: When you first came back to Rhodes Island, she looked a bit like this.
Kal'tsit: These emotions never really left Amiya.
Kal'tsit: This has to change.
Kal'tsit: ...Dr. {@nickname}, you should stay with her.
Kal'tsit: Don't mess up.
*knock* *knock*
Amiya: It's open.
Amiya: ...
Amiya: Dr. {@nickname}...?
Amiya: Worried? I am?
Amiya: ...You saw right through me, hehe...
Amiya: I thought I did a good job hiding it.
Amiya: Yes, I'm a bit worried... just a little, though.
Amiya: I'm already used to doing this.
Amiya: After all, I can't drag down everyone else any more.
Amiya: Right, Doctor?
Amiya: ...
Amiya: ...I don't understand.
Amiya: Doctor... I don't understand.
Option_1: (Stay silent)
Amiya: No, I... I know what we're trying to do. I also know... that some sacrifices are inevitable.
Amiya: But I... what I don't know is...
Amiya: Why must I watch people disappear before my eyes one by one... even though they can be saved?
Amiya: We were so close... Maybe just a little bit more...
Amiya: I know that I have a duty... and I will continue to move forward...
Amiya: But right now... I just feel so tired.
Amiya: ...
Option_1: ...
Option_2: Amiya...
Amiya: Please let me have some time alone, Dr. {@nickname}.
Amiya: Thank you.
Amiya: Good morning, Dr. {@nickname}.
Amiya: Oh, Dr. Kal'tsit, you're here as well?
Kal'tsit: Amiya.
Kal'tsit: I have a rather urgent mission here, and need some people to help out.
Kal'tsit: An abandoned city was discovered not far from Lungmen.
Kal'tsit: I surmise that it's one of the cities that formed in the aftermath of the Chernobog incident.
Kal'tsit: We'll have to explore that city, uncover more information, and search for any survivors.
Kal'tsit: If the situation is particularly serious, for example, if Reunion is hiding there, then there may be serious ramifications on our future operations.
Kal'tsit: Here's the specific proposal that I have in mind. Look over it when you have time.
Amiya: Understood.
Kal'tsit: Oh, one more thing.
Kal'tsit: Franka submitted a report to me mentioning that they had to return to Blacksteel.
Kal'tsit: As for the situation in the Lungmen slums, Penguin Logistics requested for you to meet them there to discuss some information.
Kal'tsit: There are some more sensitive details, so it'd be best for you to go in person.
Amiya: I know. I'll head over right now.
Amiya: Doctor, let's go--
Kal'tsit: I still have some things to discuss with Dr. {@nickname}.
Amiya: ...
Amiya: May I listen in?
Kal'tsit: You may not.
Amiya: I can cover my ears...
Kal'tsit: You cannot. You should get going.
Amiya: Aww...
Amiya: Dr. Kal'tsit, you're not allowed to bully Dr. {@nickname}.
Kal'tsit: I won't.
Kal'tsit: ...You...
Kal'tsit: You couldn't even do something so basic.
Kal'tsit: Forget it, I had a feeling this would happen.
Kal'tsit: Amiya is an incredibly resilient kid.
Kal'tsit: But, if she has to force herself to be strong, there will come a day when the pressure breaks her.
Kal'tsit: Do not let this happen.
Kal'tsit: If there is a next time, you'd better be a little more useful.
Kal'tsit: --?
Kal'tsit: What's with that face?
Option_1: Excuse me, but what do you mean by Amiya's rings...?
Option_2: ...
Kal'tsit: It's related to the state of her health.
Kal'tsit: If Amiya is involved in an intense battle...
Kal'tsit: ...You must check her rings immediately afterwards.
Kal'tsit: No matter what changes you see, you must report them to me.
Kal'tsit: For the time being, that's all you're allowed to know.
Kal'tsit: Oh, right. You have to go down to the medical center in two days to have a physical done. Don't forget it.
Kal'tsit: ...You can go. Liskarm is waiting outside to escort you.
====================main_5_Necessary Solutions.xlsx====================
???: We'll be friends from now on. Those adults won't be able to bully us anymore!
???: Don't be afraid. From now on, I'll help you no matter what happens.
???: If something bad happens to me, you'd better help me too! That's what friends are for!
???: Hehe, we'll always be together, right?
???: Do you still remember what you did when that old duke snatched her away?
???: Can you really do whatever it takes for the sake of Lungmen?
???: Now, Wei Yenwu, what - or who - are you going to sacrifice this time?
Ch'en: Nngh... Ugh...
???: Hey, wake up!
Ch'en: Save her...
???: Officer Ch'en, wake up!
Ch'en: ...Let me through! Let me...
???: Puk gaai, I don't have time to deal with this right now!
*splash*—
Ch'en: Hnnf!
*cough* *cough*...
???: Finally awake?
Ch'en: Ack...
Ch'en: What...
Ch'en: Hoshiguma, hurry! Reunion—
Ch'en: ...
???: Are you done daydreaming? Good grief, you're a mess.
Ch'en: Why are you here? Where's my squad?
???: What if I told you that they were all killed in action?
Ch'en: If you're itching for a beating, then you'd better queue up behind Reunion.
???: I see your tongue is as sharp as ever. How come your performance in battle doesn't follow suit?
Hoshiguma: What's going on over here? I leave for a moment, and you two are already at each others' throats?
Hoshiguma: Miss Swire, would it kill you to be a little less sarcastic towards her?
Swire: Hmph.
Hoshiguma: You too, Ch'en, you only just woke up...
Hoshiguma: Wait, why do you look like you just got into a fight with a watering cart?
Ch'en: Ask her.
Hoshiguma: Young lady, what's this empty glass doing here? I remember pouring a glass of water for each of you.
Swire: She was spouting nonsense in her sleep.
Hoshiguma: Good grief...
Ch'en: Where are we?
Hoshiguma: In a cabin in Rhodes Island.
Swire: Officer Ch'en, you and your team retreated to Lungmen about 45 minutes ago.
Swire: You might've thought that you hid your tracks well, but Reunion did not think that was the case.
====================main_6_Partial Necrosis.xlsx====================
*The Year 937*
*Duke Erik and Professor Lierland D. of Piesberg Parliamentary University published this co-authored paper in The Journal of Urban History ('Where Did We Come From?' Issue 44).*
*The paper discussed the results of a detailed analysis of a collection of weathered remains.*
*The investigation into Sargon Excavation Site 4 revealed a common origin for Infected quarantines and executions with the law itself.*
*......*
*That is to say, the suffering of the Infected predates even the emergence of the law.*
*Lungmen, Support Structure Level, Exit*
Option_1: FrostNova!
FrostNova: Now, we must fight.
FrostNova: If you can defeat me, it means some will be able to survive——
FrostNova: I am willing to join Rhodes Island. I am willing to fight together with you against the enemies of the Infected, your way.
FrostNova: This is my burden to bear.
*8:50 A.M. - Four hours after the recapture of L. G. D. Headquarters - Near the Commandery Exit*
*L. G. D. and Rhodes Island Pharmaceuticals*
*Lungmen Search-and-Destroy Campaign - Final Phase*
*1. Control Reunion's movements within Lungmen. Complete under the direction of the L. G. D.*
*2. Mop up Reunion's forces still in Lungmen. Complete under the direction of the L. G. D.*
*3. Eliminate Reunion's operational commander, or their command influence. Complete under the direction of the L. G. D.*
*4. Eliminate the Reunion Movement before they can withdraw to the slums. Complete under a joint L. G. D. and Rhodes Island operation.*
*'...Attention all citizens... are performing an evacuation exercise...'*
*'...Those citizens who have failed to evacuate, please lock your doors, draw your curtains, and do not leave your homes...'*
???: Does it have to be so loud?
???: Shoot that drone down already!
Mephisto: Now we're just caught up in an exercise? How dare they use such cheap tricks to cover up the exquisite terror I've worked so hard to formulate?
Mephisto: And to repeat it over and over again in both Lungmen and Ursine tongues!
Mephisto: I've had enough of these drones. Get! Hurry! Keep to the side streets!
Phantom Crossbowman: Nothing from Scout Team 3 either!
Reunion Member: Assault's signal suddenly c- cut out...
Reunion Member: We're losing contact with all our overwatch teams one by one!
Mephisto: Why! How!
Mephisto: Such an insult... such humiliation foisted upon our movement!
Mephisto: But how, and why? Damn you, Lungmen! Damn the Lungmenites! Damn the uninfected!
Phantom Crossbowman: (I've never seen him so unstable like this.)
Phantom Crossbowman: (Faust, do we still have a chance to retreat?)
Faust: ......
Faust: (I'll make some space for you.)
Faust: (If it's just your run-of-the-mill cops with the L. G. D. plus Rhodes Island, we should be able to get away.)
Phantom Crossbowman: (What do you mean? Who else could be out there?)
Mephisto: Agh...! I can't believe this! I can't get through!!
Mephisto: If I can't even issue orders to my teams, how am I supposed to win?
Faust: (Someone is watching us. There is still more to this city.)
Faust: (Get ready. To survive.)
Phantom Crossbowman: (Got it.)
Phantom Crossbowman: (...Faust.)
Faust: (Hm?)
Phantom Crossbowman: (We trust you.)
Faust: (......)
*9:20 A.M. - Rhodes Island patrol route near the L. G. D.*
Blaze: They're really leaving this to the Infected? Rhodes Island got a raw deal this time.
Blaze: And in Lungmen! Hmph. How could a city as big as Lungmen not have what it takes to fight off an invasion on its own?
Blaze: Now they've got Infected fighting Infected on behalf of the normies...
Blaze: Whatever. It's certainly not the first time.
Reunion Member: Hurry up and clear a path! Don't look back, just break through their defenses!
Reunion Member: If we can just get across this street, we have a shot at grouping up with the second brigade!
Reunion Member: Don't give them a chance to return fire. There aren't many of us left——
???: And in a moment, there won't be any of you left.
Reunion Member: What?!
Reunion Member: Wh... who are you? Did you just drop out of the sky?!
Reunion Member: Get back, get out of here! She... she might be able to fly!
Blaze: ...I really can't!
Guard: Identify yourself!
Blaze: Use your scanner!
Blaze: (Sorry, I have to deal with this first!)
Reunion Member: Huh?
Blaze: Lungmen law enforcement, listen up! I am from Rhodes Island.
Blaze: Hold your fire. I really don't want to have to deal with crossfire while I'm fighting.
Blaze: I can handle this on my own. You head on to the next roadblock.
Blaze: Okay then. Back to you guys.
Reunion Member: What's up with this chick?
Blaze: I'll explain it to you. I'm sure you can figure it out. Probably.
Blaze: (Deep breath)
Blaze: I am Blaze, one of Rhodes Island's elite operators. My current objective is to cripple your combat capabilities.
Blaze: The intentions with which you undertook this invasion of a foreign city-state notwithstanding, we aim chiefly to disarm you.
Blaze: Setting aside the injuries and damages you have inflicted upon others, and attendant penalties, any attempt to resist at this point is pointless. Put down your weapons. You still have a chance.
Reunion Member: Huh? What? You...
Blaze: My fellow Infected, I give you a choice:
Blaze: Surrender at once, and I will escort you to Rhodes Island, and subsequently deposit you somewhere welcoming to Infected.
Reunion Member: She blocked it with her bare hands?!
Blaze: Seeing as how you continue to resist, there's nothing more I can say.
Reunion Member: As if we'd just let you lock us up? How crazy are you?
Blaze: I'm not crazy! There's a time and a place for fight, and a time and a place for flight.
Blaze: It's just that when you choose to fight, all I can do is fight back.
Blaze: Either way, I don't need my chainsaw.
Blaze: Sorry, I really don't want to fight my fellow Infected.
Blaze: ...it's so humid in Lungmen.
Reunion Member: This stupid cat... is using Arts! Her body's steaming up!
Blaze: My body? Guess again. Is it the air around me that's getting hot, or the air around you?
Blaze: Let's take a Sami bath together. My treat.
====================main_7_The Birth of Tragedy.xlsx====================
*An old monster once told me... What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger.*
*I always thought it was stupid. But the guy's a monster, so maybe I do have to give this some thought.*
*Does a bug jump into a flame to get stronger? So stupid.*
*No. Let's not talk about how dumb and weak a bug is. You know, no matter how strong a bug gets, in the end, it's still just a bug.*
*If a bug jumps into a flame, all it proves is that the heat messed up its brain. Assuming it even had a brain, it obviously went mad.*
*But what if I was to leap into the flames? Besides proving that I'm crazy, what else would that prove? I'd come out a bit charred, but how would that make me any stronger?*
*But we're talking about death here. And what does an undying monster know about death?*
*Alas, such is the nature of the bitter death that none may resist.*
W: You'll still talk to me? That's a surprise.
W: I thought you were totally caught up in your plan to destroy Lungmen, Talulah.
Talulah: W. You haven't given anyone notice of your visit.
W: Hah. Oops, my bad. I've been a mercenary for too long, forgot all about that reporting-every-detail-of-my-life-to-the-boss thing. Sorry, Leader.
W: But you know I can't go all the way up to the top of the command tower, so I have to ask you to stoop to my level.
Talulah: Your sarcasm isn't doing us any good, W. Reunion needs the might of the Sarkaz, and we should strive not to add any more personal conflicts between us.
W: Just call us devils. Only the bleeding hearts and self-righteous call us Sarkaz. Us mercenaries? We know exactly what we are.
Talulah: Strange. Devils, the 'inferior race of the banished.' You mercenaries cannot accept this definition, nor will you take pride in it.
W: Duh. But your people started calling us 'devils,' not as a hate thing, or because it was catchy or whatever.
W: Devil is a 'fear' thing. You people called us that because we scare you.
W: So us mercs like being called 'devils,' because we know exactly what it really means.
W: And we always make good and sure anyone left alive takes the subtext straight to heart.
W: Oh, sorry— Me yapping on about this is like trying to show off in front of an expert, isn't it?
W: We're a no-name merc squad famous for brutality. But compared to you? Why, that's like a worm trying to go up against a crab.
W: After all, Leader, nobody scares people better than you.
Talulah: 'Inflict terror upon your enemies, and provide warmth for your friends.'
Talulah: To strike fear into our enemies and bring hope to our comrades. That is the way Reunion has always done things.
W: So, driving Ursus's core city into Lungmen is also in line with a certain comrade's ardent wish?
Talulah: Our warriors are still bravely fighting inside Lungmen. They need our assistance, and we will bring it to them.
Talulah: The Infected inside Lungmen require hope, and our warriors here have expressed their earnest desire to be that source of hope.
Talulah: Everyone's wishes find harmony here, and the responsibility to see those wishes come to fruition belongs to us, Reunion.
Talulah: —This will also bring benefits to the Sarkaz. I assure you, beyond doubt.
Talulah: What your kind seeks is not hope, so I will provide you with profit.
Talulah: Sarkaz mercenaries like you, scattered between various city states, as well as those who pull your strings. You will drink deeply of the chaos between cities and countries, and it will nourish you.
Talulah: After Lungmen, no nomadic city is safe. Your kind will find more room to expand and thrive, and your people will prosper.
W: Ooh, sounds like a good deal. Just going off the profits, I'm totally on board.
Talulah: Tell me, W, what doubts do you still have?
W: None. You've made a great case. Want a standing ovation?
Talulah: No need.
W: Then let's talk about my mission. Bad news is I failed. I didn't manage to bring back my target, and she wouldn't give me the thing.
Talulah: That is not your fault. The kinship between Misha and Skullshatterer was bound to lead to uncertainties.
W: Why'd you send me to grab that scientist's daughter then?
W: It seems like you didn't even need her or her secrets for your big plan. Between the attack on Lungmen and firing up the core city, what was the point of her anyway?
Talulah: The authenticity of the key still has to be verified.
Talulah: I can personally verify that we've activated the core city, but Reunion still needs full control over the way it stops. That's where this key comes in.
W: Mephisto told me the one the old geezer found in the abandoned city was the real deal.
Talulah: No, W. Mephisto would not tell you that. It would only be you spilling secrets to Mephisto while thinking about extracting the information you want from him.
W: So, is that bit of news true or not?
Talulah: You're not interested in hearing my justifications, but you also don't plan on offering yours either.
W: I have my own channels, and might be a little more frank than I used to be. Oh, but I guess I could've mixed up my sources? Something like that.
Talulah: W, if you want me to be more transparent, I can explain to you the details of my plan. All of them.
Talulah: Skullshatterer and your first operation tested the L.G.D.'s response speed. It allowed us to adjust our strategy and improve upon our plans to take down Lungmen.
Talulah: Without your cooperation, we could not succeed.
Talulah: The Key did truly exist, but was lost upon Misha's death. The Key that Patriot sought was only a backup plan to deal with this situation.
Talulah: I won't force you to tell me where your information came from, but my explanation should convince you.
W: All right, all right. But, Leader, I want to know how many Keys there are. Won't ask any more questions after that, yeah?
Talulah: Two. Sergei, Royal Chernobog scientist, held one of them, and delivered it to Misha using special means.
Talulah: The other was held by Count Boris, former mayor of Chernobog. During our attack, he broke off a city plate to flee. However, he was unable to escape the Catastrophe.
W: The ruined satellite city.
Talulah: Our undercover agents in the city have kept everything there that we need. We can lure the L.G.D. into an ambush given the proper distance.
Talulah: We have sufficient reason to capture the abandoned city, and the best use of it is to occupy it and turn it into a stronghold.
W: You're really good at explaining things, Leader. I'm all out of questions.
W: Hey, I'm not asking too many, am I? Sorry to make you waste so much time explaining it all to me.
Talulah: W, if openness can resolve the misunderstanding between us, I won't be stingy with my time.
Talulah: In order to ensure a relationship of long-term mutual benefit, I will continue to draw up our future plans. Hopefully this can slightly increase the trust between us.
Talulah: We will need to support each other to have a chance at overcoming the troubles to come.
W: Really? I'm touched.
Talulah: Of course.
*I never liked this woman.*
*The Talulah they talk so nice about in private is so insanely boring. And this Talulah talking to me right now is just another lying bastard.*
*Oh, not to say there's anything wrong with lying.*
*I lie a lot. Nothing stronger than a well-placed lie, except maybe a bomb. The truth is like a cup of water. What good does it do when the whole house is on fire?*
*But when I lie, I know I'm lying. I chew up my thoughts up and spit them into ears. This she-dragon, though, she lies so natural it's like the words come out of someone else's mouth.*
*Doesn't matter who she's talking to. It's not just tweaking a couple points to cover up her plans.*
*—She takes on a totally differently form, turning into something they trust more, telling them what they want to hear.*
*Reunion's most beloved figure is, of course, the Leader, Talulah. Standing here with me, she's a businesswoman, a trader. With Patriot she turns right into a warrior woman.*
*She'll show her true face one day, but not everyone will live long enough to see it.*
*Besides, does she even... have a true face?*
*Is she an onion? You keep peeling off layer after layer until you realize there's nothing inside?*
Talulah: I mean it.
*She was acting honest as an Iberian nun just a minute ago.*
*She lifts her hand slightly. Hah, I know that trick.*
*Right now she's like a cunning Savra after a lifetime of raiding and killing.*
*Something pulls away the air in front of me, and in a split second it'll melt away my whole body.*
W: Don't tell me you're ready to kill me after a little bit of teasing.
*Nobody has ever figured out the formless things Talulah throws around— but I know exactly what they do.*
*Ruins. Debris. Things lose even their most basic structure.*
*It's just like a fire without light.*
*I am her prey.*
*I should have known.*
W: Kinda obvious, dragon lady. The old Talulah wouldn't have showed her cards this early.
*Waiting to die, or plopping down some long-winded monologue before the end, just isn't my style.*
*I never thought about dying. At least, not now.*
*The small device I tossed out moments earlier while I was talking, falls to the ground and blooms into a ball of flame before me.*
*A wave of heat rushes towards me. Luckily, the comforting warmth isn't hers.*
*I'm no Arts expert, in my experience, ninety-nine percent of Arts are no match for this pure burst of energy.*
*Explosions. Heat, shrapnel, shockwaves. It's an equalizing force that tears apart any enemy, or me.*
*I just need to draw out the stalemate a little longer. Until all the seeds I planted finish blooming.*
W: You're such a hard worker, Talulah. You even went through all that trouble to play out a sitcom with me. I knew it, you really would make a great actor.
*This dragon lady... I don't really hate her that much, do I?*
*Those who don't know how to deceive cannot tell lies, and thus are not liars. And she... is a monster soaked in lies.*
*She doesn't need to lie.*
*No wonder I get kinda... Okay, I admit it, kinda scared when I see her. I don't hate her, but I might really be afraid of her.*
*And fear breeds caution. If you've got your guard up, you're prepared.*
Talulah: Your little tricks are actually able to neutralize my Originium Arts. I might have underestimated you.
W: Hey, this 'little trick' took me hours to put together. Show some respect, huh?
W: But if a little bit of your fire was all it took to make me roll over and die, what kind of devil would follow me?
Talulah: You came prepared. You planned to attack me from the very beginning.
W: You made the first move, dragon lady. Are you trying to torch me because I'm a pain, or do you wanna shut me up because I've seen through you?
*To punctuate my sentence, a wave of heat surges from her fingertips and leaps towards me. Man, this dragon bitch just won't let me have any fun.*
*I bend my waist and drop into an exaggerated roll, making it look like I'm tying my shoes.*
W: Uh-oh.
W: Aim better next time.
Talulah: W, your dirty tricks have been exposed. You are now an enemy of Reunion.
Talulah: Why do you oppose me? This is certainly of no benefit to you?
W: Why? Why do you think this was my idea? I sure as hell didn't want us clawing at each other's faces this soon.
W: Fact of the matter is, you attacked me first. Hmm, trying for a little shock and awe, huh?
W: I guess I have no choice then. I just have to kill you before you kill me.
Talulah: Your insanity has deepened your blind confidence.
W: Lying to me is no big deal. I don't really care who you lie to, how many people you kill, or how many people you lie to...
W: But, dragon lady, you'll regret lifting a finger against me.
*Am I the kind of person who says stuff like this?*
*Maybe I really am losing it. Can't even call this insanity at this point. Seems more sentimental than anything else.*
*I guess I really fucked up.*
Talulah: I see. Pretending to be crazed and stupid had us all fooled. Turns out, I misunderstood your character this whole time.
Talulah: So considerate of others. What a lovely little devil you are, such a colorful character.
W: Ahaha... *spits*.
W: Not as lovely as you, of course. But, you'll be even cuter once I rip your tongue out. Can't have it lolling around.
Talulah: Do you think your little traps are enough to kill me?
W: Of course not.
*Did I ever mention that I set a trap?*
W: Better watch your feet. Might be a trap. Say, how many do you want?
Talulah: How many do you have?
Talulah: You pitiful thing. My flames have found you.
Talulah: You will pay for your betrayal.
W: Woah... Creepy. What's the matter with you? Who are you talking to with that tone of voice?
Talulah: You.
Talulah: I know you hate these words, W. You also hate me for pointing out your purpose.
W: Uhh, well, thanks for being so considerate of my preferences. You think you can rile me up with the right phrasing?
W: And like, my purpose? How many people you plan to kill has nothing to do with me, dragon lady.
W: What do you know about me? You've got like eighty different plots within plots going on in that noggin and you're gonna guess what's in mine?
Talulah: W... You want to prevent me from using the core city to attack Lungmen.
W: ...Oh?
Talulah: If you simply wanted revenge, you would not have chosen this moment. If you wanted to kill me, W, you could have waited until both Lungmen and I are incapacitated. That would have been the wise move.
Talulah: Trying to talk me into giving you information was another cover. A mercenary leader who cares nothing for the direction of Reunion would not ask me, the 'Leader of Reunion,' about my plans.
Talulah: You know, I won't kill you— as long as you put aside your interest in this war. Do that, and I'll spare your life.
Talulah: I'm fond of you, W. You're good comic relief. And I have no desire to execute a harmless harlequin.
Talulah: However... a madwoman who will use any methods available to kill me has no right to judge good and evil, let alone claim to understand my plans.
Talulah: ...Are you really as violent and insane as the performances you put on suggest, W?
W: Would you shut up already—
Talulah: You are not.
Talulah: You want to stop Reunion. You want to stop the attack on Lungmen. Those are your intentions.
Talulah: W, W... You're all too easy to read. I didn't even need to make any plans to investigate you. You came here wearing your heart on your sleeves.
W: That's a load of bullshit.
W: I'll turn you into a puddle of gore and have someone dump you down the waste chute, assuming there's anything left.
*I press the button on the device in my hand. A simple Originium detonator switch, remotely operated, chained explosions.*
*A blazing light of destruction mixing with a deliriously pungent aroma. Waves of heat carrying fragments of debris, overturning everything in front of me. Just as I planned, everything reduced to cinders, even the most thick-skinned Sarkaz...*
*Wait...*
*Wait, wait... Didn't I have a detonator mechanism for the explosives?*
*......*
*Why did she plant her sword in the ground?*
Talulah: Was this your trap?
Talulah: Try me, W of the Sarkaz. Try again.
W: Hold on, you...
*No fire. No burning.*
*The hundreds of Originium explosives I painstakingly twisted into the steel foundations of the city... are all gone.*
*Where are the explosions? The heat? The shrapnel?*
*Nothing.*
*The place where I planted the Originium is deformed, melted, and warped. Drips of iron and the burned oil paint covering it gives off nasty smell. But that's it.*
*My shrapnel. My blast waves. My light show. It's not going to happen.*
*The cataclysm that I pictured in my mind a million times over... isn't going to happen.*
*The cunning dragon lady must have poured her Arts into her sword and channeled it deep into the steel beneath us.*
*The heat radiated to each of my traps, melting them away.*
*You figured it out. You're so smart, W.*
*The world-ending explosion from all directions that should have blown her into a billion little pieces... is nothing but a big, wet fart.*
*All right, I've been thoroughly played.*
*......*
*Cough,* *cough...*
W: Dragon lady, you're... not half bad...
Talulah: Was this result also part of your plans?
Talulah: Let me guess, your backup plan is, you'll show me an improvised suicide bombing spectacle, isn't that right?
Talulah: Let's not waste each others' time.
W: Don't get too cocky... *cough*, *cough*... little girl. Say, are you... even the same person? Right now, even I... don't really wanna know.
Talulah: I don't need you to define me.
Talulah: Choose your death. Die by my flames, be thrown from the city walls, or be run through by my sword.
W: Can you really... finish me off?
Talulah: Steel must endure a thousand trials in the forge before it can become a sword. A sword is destined from birth to be a weapon.
Talulah: But you... are just a mortal shell that has not yet died.
W: Ah, that... would be an honor.
W: To be impaled by this sword... Would I be... the first one?
Talulah: Unfortunately, you'll have to accept second.
W: Now... If we're talking people I've blown up... You, well...
W: ...wouldn't even have a number.
*Am I going to die? I guess so.*
*But what's so bad about death? There are many things worse than dying.*
*So, when you feel like you're done for...*
*As long as you've prepared for the stuff worse than death, you'll even manage to surprise yourself.*
*Now... I think, it's about time I also blow this joint.*
*cough*...
Talulah: You blew yourself apart right in my hands...? I thought you'd be more afraid to die.
Talulah: Though your defection didn't surprise me, you, yourself, did... surprise me a little.
Talulah: You had some potential... as the opening act of a farce.
Talulah: I hope your death was painful enough, W of Victoria.
*After the battle, 31 hours until impact, 6:30 P.M.*
Patriot: ......
Patriot: Leader.
Talulah: Sir. Your return gives me great peace of mind.
Patriot: Formalities, unnecessary. There was a battle here. Just now.
Talulah: It was between me and W, who tried to assassinate me. Don't worry, I'm fine.
Talulah: From the reports I've received, she was already showing signs of rebellion when she occupied Chernobog.
Talulah: She made her own decision to let the enemy escape, instigated the Sarkaz mercenaries' rebellion, and murdered her superior.
Talulah: These series of actions were likely caused by outside political forces.
Patriot: Where is she now?
Patriot: She should have, stood trial.
Talulah: She detonated the explosives hidden around her body and fell into the core area.
Talulah: I will dispatch someone to search for her body. Sir, you need not worry yourself.
Patriot: That, does not concern me.
Patriot: And her Sarkaz? What of them?
Talulah: I will deal with it. Now that the core city is steadily moving on track, I'll need to stabilize the situation immediately.
Patriot: ...Leader. This core city... was activated. Without my knowing. Why?
Patriot: Even the comms. Have been broken.
Talulah: We're out of options. Ursus may attack Chernobog at any time and slaughter our compatriots. For their sake, we must first take down Lungmen.
Talulah: Right now, all energy must be used to support the operation of the core city, and we have no excess power to support tuning the ingoing and outgoing channels.
Talulah: The Originium left behind by the Catastrophe is so potent that we cannot endure it.
Talulah: The order to recall you exhausted the last of our backup supply. Now, there is only one place that can provide us with enough refined Originium.
Patriot: Even then, if time is tight. Please discuss with us.
Talulah: What you say may be correct. I'm sorry, Sir. I should have given it more thought.
Patriot: But... What's done, is done.
Patriot: This Key. How will you use it?
Talulah: It can stop the city.
Patriot: This city... can be stopped?
Patriot: Many things, once started. Will not stop.
Talulah: So, I'm entrusting this key to you. You'll decide when we stop.
Talulah: I apologize for giving you such an arbitrary command.
Patriot: ......
Talulah: You seem more subdued today than usual, Sir.
Patriot: No. I will go. To guard the core city.
Patriot: Someone will attack. They will try.
Patriot: And I will stop them.
Talulah: Excuse me, Sir.
Talulah: Crownslayer, FrostNova, Mephisto, and Faust are still waiting for our help. We must not let any outsiders interfere with our plans.
Patriot: ...Talulah.
Talulah: ......
Talulah: What's the matter, my champion?
Patriot: Leader.
Patriot: Any evil, no matter how great. Will always come, to an end.
Patriot: This, I firmly believe.
Talulah: Yes, I share the same conviction.
Patriot: ...Goodbye, Leader.
Talulah: Go, Patriot.
Talulah: To end this war and regain the status of the Infected, Reunion will crush all enemies standing in our way.
Chilling Voice: What's this?
Hoarse Voice: A kind of, Sarkaz talisman. Two pieces.
Hoarse Voice: This one, is for you. The other one, I will keep.
Chilling Voice: What are these for? It's a bit heavy.
Hoarse Voice: They can, keep you safe.
Chilling Voice: You still believe in those weird Sarkaz things? ...What's the point of this?
Hoarse Voice: Let me finish.
Chilling Voice: Sure.
Hoarse Voice: This talisman. Can withstand torture.
Hoarse Voice: Mortal wounds, destroyed organs, no. But the consumption of life, it can withstand.
Hoarse Voice: Until it breaks.
Hoarse Voice: If yours breaks... Mine will tremble.
Hoarse Voice: And I will go. Save you.
Chilling Voice: What if both pieces break?
Chilling Voice: ...Why aren't you saying anything?
Chilling Voice: Uh... Fine, I'll hang onto it.
Hoarse Voice: Good.
Chilling Voice: I'm obviously going to outlive you, so you just do your own thing.
Patriot: ......
Patriot: Help, who? End, what war?
Patriot: My talisman. It, too, has broken.
Sarkaz Warrior: ......
Sarkaz Warrior: You killed W.
Sarkaz Warrior: What are you going to do now?
Talulah: Liberate you. You will no longer need to bow before a Sarkaz.
Talulah: All that you desire, I shall grant you.
Sarkaz Warrior: And what exactly is that?
Talulah: War.
Talulah: No longer will you have to endure the foul taste of slaughtering the weak. No longer will you waste your efforts like a pebble hitting a rock.
Talulah: I will give you a truly equal war.
Talulah: Sarkaz, wandering devils.
Talulah: What I will grant you... is not only the fear of your victims. I will reforge your blood, your flesh, your steel, and the shame of countless generations of your ancestors.
Talulah: I will grant you slaughter, and I will grant you death.
Talulah: A new era has arrived, and war shall reign supreme.
Talulah: All Sarkaz who wish to taste all that this new era has to offer, step forward.
Sarkaz Warrior: ......
Sarkaz Warrior: Who would you have us kill?
====================main_8_Roaring Flare.xlsx====================
Talulah: So you're finally here.
*Hui-chieh.*
*Hui-chieh:*
*The storm hasn't broken for days. The whole valley's snowed over.*
*The raspberry bushes still haven't budded. It's like spring'll never come.*
*We're trapped here, starving, dressed thin, and every silent day we pass waiting for the snow to melt drives us out of our minds.*
*You know, there's something about it all I find odd.*
*We've never once had a smooth time of it. Any better circumstances, and they'd go to shit fast the moment I get involved.*
*Maybe it really is like the Lungmenites say. I'm a bad omen. Nothing good comes of being around me.*
*Reminds me of something from a hell of a long time ago.*
*I've been thinking how I need to share my thoughts with you, in order to find peace.*
*December 14th*
*Third year without the Black Snake*
*A small Ursus hamlet*
Old Woman: Talulah, get back here! You can't let them see you like that, for heaven's sakes.
Talulah: Don't worry! I'm coming in now.
Old Woman: Why won't you just take those clothes off?! I've said it over and over, they'll bring those damned bugs around!
Old Woman: Those big, black, poisonous bugs... One bite and a whole field goes barren!
Talulah: I always wear my normal clothes, don't I? I've only been wearing these lately because I had to be outside.
Talulah: You remember the gentleman who gave me these clothes, don't you? The handsome one. He wouldn't recognize me in anything else.
Talulah: I believe destiny will send him to me again. When that time comes, you and your husband can both live happily ever after.
Old Woman: Bah! Talulah... Talulah! A bald-faced liar, that's what you are. What about everything you said before, then?
Talulah: Oh. What was it I said before? I've forgotten. It was the same, wasn't it?
Old Woman: You said your father gave you these clothes as a birthday gift!
Old Woman: You said he was robbed blind by some ring-headed foreigner, and you ran off crying, these clothes soaked in his blood!
Old Woman: You're all over the place... The time before that was a different story too!
Talulah: Ah, so I can't keep it straight? Your memory's just wonderful.
Old Woman: Don't suck up to me! Always talking complete nonsense... I've got a foot in the grave, but look at you, running an old coot like me in circles. Don't you feel even a bit of shame?
Talulah: Ah. I'm sorry, that's wrong of me. Really.
Old Woman: Now sit down! Don't bother with your clothes! Driving me up the wall!
Old Woman: Chop, chop! Polish off that lunch already. You told me you'd be back by noon and the sun's almost down!
Old Woman: I left the soup on for you, but it's nearly boiled dry now. You may as well be having your supper at this rate!
Old Woman: Oh, dear Majesty, how could our little girl turn out this way...?
Old Woman: Get that down, you. The old man still wants you for something. Oh, that miserable drunk! Where's he run off now...? You'll have to find him yourself.
Talulah: Alright, I get it.
Old Woman: Hmph! You grew up so well, but not a single true word comes out of your mouth! Just like all those sweet-talking youngsters in the city!
Old Woman: I nearly got swindled once when I was younger... There's nothing good about them!
Talulah: Enough... I've heard this one a hundred times.
Old Woman: Talking back! Right... here. Oh, come on, take your plate now! And eat your bread, snappity-snap!
Old Woman: Don't rush like that! You'll choke!
Old Woman: ...*Sigh*, you were all soaked in blood the day you showed up, though.
Old Woman: I still get chills thinking about it, Talulah. If you weren't one of those good kids, the old man would've split your head open with a hatchet right then and there.
Talulah: Who can even tell if someone else is good or bad at a single glance...?
Old Woman: That day you ran here, it was an evening dark as dark was, with all beasts crawling outside. Burdenbeasts or meatbeasts, they never stopped howling! Really made me uneasy...
Old Woman: And then, and then that thing you were carrying...
Talulah: Unf, pff... *cough* *cough*!
Old Woman: What a big knife it was! I'd never seen one so big in all my years!
Talulah: That was a sword... a sword! Not a knife. And don't take it to clear out mountain paths again. That's not what it's for.
Talulah: And by the way! Didn't we agree never to speak of that again? I'm getting upset.
Old Woman: Whoops, my big mouth! Pfeh! Oh, Emperor above! I won't say a word more, not a single word of it again! Oh, Your Majesty, forgive an old blabbermouth for her careless slip!
Talulah: That's enough. Surely the Emperor's in no place to care. He's living it up just fine in his grand old city, and us? We can't even find potatoes to eat next week. He couldn't do anything for us, even if he wanted to.
Talulah: For that matter, I'm wondering if you even know who the Emperor is now?
Old Woman: How rude!
Talulah: The soup... are we out of salt?
Old Woman: Yes! We ran out a while ago. The salt jar went empty last night! Hmph, you're just as wasteful as that old man! Eating all our salt... you'll pickle yourselves dead!
Old Woman: And Lord knows what in the world you're up to when you leave for days at a time! You come back with nothing, no money, not even a thing to eat! A girl driving this house to ruin...!
Talulah: I get it, I get it. I'm changing it out now.
Old Woman: So healthy you are! You ought to be working!
Old Woman: Don't bother. I had a chat with Alina just a minute ago. She'll bring us some salt. Now look at you!
Old Woman: Alina is a lot more reliable than you! She likes her studying, she gets hands-on with her work, and you still can't even sew your own clothes!
Talulah: ...To each their own.
Old Woman: Eh? What do you mean?
Talulah: Everyone has her own ambitions.
Old Woman: So what ambitions have you got? Ought to find someone good, a strong lad 'n' lass! If we leave you to do the work, mossoat'll be rotting underground before long.
Talulah: I haven't slacked once on the yearly farmwork.
Old Woman: You've only been here how many years?!
??? : Talulah never falls behind on her work. Please stop scolding her.
Old Woman: Alina! You need to help me talk some sense into her, or else she'll keep going on like this, and...
Alina: And there's not much wrong with that.
Talulah: Oh, at last, you're here. You're the only one who knows how to quiet her down.
Old Woman: So you're all grown up, are you! Think you're a noble just because you draped yourself in some uniform you got from Lord-knows-where? Small as you are, you put on airs anyway! Where'd you learn that...?!
Old Woman: I have work to do! You two eat up. If you're hungry, Alina. Talulah, don't eat too much! Leave some for Alina.
Talulah: Alright, alright... alright.
Alina: I'll be fine, Ma'am. Thank you.
Alina: Talulah, I've brought some salt over. The salt merchant will be here next week, so remember to buy some then.
Talulah: Thank you so, so much, Alina. Without you, she'd be going on for another twenty minutes.
Old Woman: I can hear you!
Alina: Where'd you go this time?
Talulah: Nowhere, just out for a walk to feel the wind. Right, the landscape painting you wanted.
Alina: Ah, you actually remembered. Thank you, thank you a lot, Talulah.
Alina: ......
Alina: This brush type... This isn't by the local painters.
Alina: The old painter in Shmyr only knows hard strokes. I can't imagine him using a feather brush. These soft tips, this was a nighteye's plumage... from before it molted.
Alina: Talulah, you went to the city.
Talulah: ...Can't hide anything from you.
Alina: Why hide things from me? I'm not Gendarmerie. Or a tax collector.
Talulah: You don't need to know about any of it. It's danger all around there.
Alina: And you're in the thick of it, then?
Talulah: ......
*The deer facing her seemed almost supernatural. The white-haired Draco felt, deep down, that if you didn't want Alina to know what was happening, your best option was not to let those things happen at all.*
Talulah: I'm just saying... Alina, you don't need to worry about th—
Ursus Farmer: Trouble! There's trouble...!
Old Woman: What's all the racket about?! Storming in without even knocking! I don't know what I'll do if the bolt's broken!
Ursus Farmer: The... The Infected Patrol Unit!
Ursus Farmer: Your old man brought this rabble on us!
Old Woman: What?!
Alina: Talulah! Where are you going?
Old Woman: Oh, the knife! Alina, don't let her wave that thing around!
Infected Patrol Unit: Let me repeat myself, old boy. I could just break your leg and come in all the same.
Old Man: You've already come searching before! What're you here for now?! We can't even afford your taxes anymore! What more do you want to wring out of us?!
Infected Patrol Unit: This is a routine inspection! We don't care how you try to sweeten the pot this time, we're mandated to inspect every two years... If we don't carry this out, then we're all in for the whip.
Infected Patrol Unit: But if you just consent...
Old Man: We can't give anything anymore! We've got nothing to give! No money, no jewelry, not even any more food!
Infected Patrol Unit: The hell are you going on for?
Infected Patrol Unit: This is a routine inspection! Out of the way!
Old Man: Sir, sir! Officer, sir, we've got nothing left to give, honest to heaven! If you need to take something with you, just take me, for God's sakes!
Infected Patrol Unit: I said OUT OF THE WAY!
Old Man: Agh!
Old Man: Guh... My leg...
Talulah: What are you doing?
Infected Patrol Unit: Hm? Some girl from somewhere...
Infected Patrol Unit: —Hey. Your clothes there. Where'd you come from? No farmer could afford to wear those.
Talulah: ——
Talulah: I'm asking. What are you doing?
Infected Patrol Unit: Huh?
Infected Patrol Unit: Not a step closer! What do you think you're doing? Have you seen your eyes...? Hah, don't you look terrifying!
Infected Patrol Unit: —Do I see a death wish?!
====================main_9_Stormwatch.xlsx====================
*'The hibernating mountains carry smokestacks high,'*
*'And the tracks run hauling my home with creak and cry,'*
*'I found an acorn rolling in the gutter all alone, and right by a rivet rusted all of its chrome...'*
Horn: We've entered the warehouse. Investigation team, report status.
Triangle: Leader. Vital signs to the southeast. Seven shelves away from you, moving within one meter.
Horn: Number of heads?
Triangle: One.
Horn: Any Originium response?
Triangle: None for the time being.
Horn: Good. Hold your positions.
Horn: Bagpipe?
Bagpipe: Got it!
Horn: What are you looking for?
Bagpipe: Doesn't it sound like someone's singin'?
Horn: Don't get distracted. This means our target's guard is down.
Horn: Keep to the plan. Wait for my signal, then you charge. For now, keep moving in.
Horn: Five, four, three...
Horn: Ready—
Bagpipe: Bunker destroyed!
Panicked Youth: Ack—
*cough* *cough* *hack*... Wh—what's going on? All this smoke out of nowhere!
Horn: Don't move! Stay where you are, raise both your hands up!
Panicked Youth: I—I... you're... Victorian soldiers?
Bagpipe: What do you mean by that? Aren't you Victorian too?
Panicked Youth: Er...
Horn: He's looking to run. Cello, watch to intercept!
Bagpipe: Leader, he's not headin' for the exit, he's turned back—
Horn: !!
Horn: Triangle! Target heading for the back shelves! If you pick up any Originium response, open fire immediately!
Horn: Everyone else, form behind my shield!
Horn: Quick!!!
Horn: Bagpipe, what are you doing?!
Bagpipe: —
Bagpipe: I'm coverin' it! Everyone, run!
Horn: You—
Bagpipe: ...!
Triangle: Leader, no Originium response. That's not a bomb under Bagpipe.
Bagpipe: Oh! False alarm.
Horn: And the target...?
Bagpipe: Sorry, I knocked him a little hard. He won't be standin' for a while.
Horn: And what of the boxes?
Bagpipe: I'll take a peek. All potatoes and carrots, and cauliflowers too! I squashed 'em flat. Shame, they seemed just fine for eatin'.
Horn: ......
Horn: Stay alert.
Bagpipe: This one, this one, and this one... they're all the same. Leader, it's all produce and grains in here.
Horn: Triangle, watch for anyone else nearing our perimeter.
Horn: Oboe, you search the warehouse with Bagpipe. Signal on any discovery.
Horn: Cello, take this man stuck on the floor and tie him up.
Panicked Youth: Urgh...
Horn: Right now, sir, we're going to need you to answer a few questions.
Panicked Youth: I—I don't know anything. I'm here for sorting the potatoes.
Horn: Are you from County Hillock?
Panicked Youth: Yes...
Horn: Have you heard of any spectre force?
Panicked Youth: Spectre... what? *cough*, *cough* *cough*... Doesn't force mean people like you lot, all the soldiers?
Panicked Youth: They took Lowry, Julia and Chris away... is it—is it my turn now?
Horn: I want you to calm down.
Horn: Listen. We have people who saw a batch of Originium goods enter this warehouse late last night. And now, those goods aren't here. You need to give me an explanation.
Panicked Youth: Explanation? That's what you're looking for? You're not going to just hang me? I—I... *pteuch*.
Bagpipe: Hey! What are you spittin' around for? You've gotta care about hygiene!
Horn: Any leads?
Bagpipe: None, it's potatoes everywhere. If our information wasn't wrong, then they must work a sight fast.
Horn: Alright.
Horn: Bring him. He definitely knows something, he's just not willing to open up.
Panicked Youth: There it is... you're all the same! Dying to find faults in all of us, torturing us... you Victorian oppressor beasts!
Bagpipe: Eh? Again? He thinks callin' another Victorian 'Victorian' counts as an insult? It's flyin' over my head.
Triangle: Leader, incoming.
Horn: How many?
Horn: (Prepare to break up.)
Bagpipe: (Yes, Leader.)
Triangle: Update, Leader, they seem to be our own.
???: They're in here.
Victorian Soldier: ......
Bagpipe: (Leader, we're surrounded.)
Horn: (Going by the numbers, yes.)
Bagpipe: (If you listen to the voices, there don't seem to be too many left outside. If I crack the wall by me, then we've got our chance!)
Horn: (Don't get hasty.)
???: I see you've had a very fierce confrontation in here.
Horn: Rita Skamandros, 7th Frontline Infantry Battalion, 2nd Tempest Platoon Leader.
???: Nice to meet you, Lieutenant Skamm... Skamandros.
Horn: My name isn't too easy to remember. You can call me Horn, Captain.
???: Very well, Horn. I'm Kelly, Louis Kelly. I'm sorry, codenames aren't our style.
Horn: Captain Kelly, you and your troops are presumably also here to investigate this warehouse.
Captain Kelly: Correct, we've received the tip-off too.
Horn: Then you ought to understand how grave this situation is. A great deal of illicit Originium goods were stolen off a military transport a couple months ago, and ultimately came to vanish in this region.
Captain Kelly: Ahem...
Horn: I need not remind you, Captain, with this much ordnance, coupled with recent thefts in surrounding counties—if fallen into felonious hands, the menace posed will reach far beyond County Hillock.
Captain Kelly: Good, thank you for the run-down. I understand.
Horn: And we're very thankful for your cooperation.
Captain Kelly: Hill!
Adjutant Hill: Sir.
Captain Kelly: Take this young man... this suspect back to camp.
Bagpipe: What? It was mad for us gettin' this man as our lead!
Adjutant Hill: Sir, her spear is obstructing fulfillment of my duty.
Captain Kelly: Er...
Horn: ......
Horn: Bagpipe, let it go.
Bagpipe: But our mission—
Horn: —We're on Hillock land right now.
*Captain Kelly pulls a handkerchief from his pocket, and wipes the sweat on his forehead.*
Captain Kelly: Very glad we could persuade you, Lieutenant. You and this young Vouivre lady, and all others present...
Captain Kelly: Ahem—you must be certainly worn out by your hard journey, dashing here from Londinium.
Horn: It's our duty as soldiers of Victoria.
Captain Kelly: Yes, quite right. Now, if you still have intention to operate in County Hillock...
Horn: We're obliged to continue tracking the thieved Originium goods. This is an order from Londinium. I imagine Colonel Hamilton would see sense too.
Captain Kelly: Of course, of course. You may accompany me back to camp.
Bagpipe: Leader, do we really have to give him up to them? They have to be doin' this on purpose! Ever since we touched foot on the outskirt plate, they've been followin' right behind!
Bagpipe: Right until now, just as we caught him—
Horn: 'Stationed troops of the Empire have a responsibility to address any threat to public safety that arises within their station.'
Horn: They haven't violated any code.
Bagpipe: Ugh... alright.
Horn: Captain, he's yours. As per code, we may also take part in the interrogation—we hope you recall.
Captain Kelly: Ha, hahah... yes, quite in line with code.
Panicked Youth: N—No... let me go! Don't take me!
Adjutant Hill: Heh...
Panicked Youth: Help me... save my soul! I haven't done anything... I don't know...
Panicked Youth: Aaarghhh!
Captain Kelly: Hill...
Adjutant Hill: Tara rabble like him always do make a scene like this.
Captain Kelly: Take him away.
Bagpipe: Ugh, really! What gives them the right!
Bagpipe: (Leader, I think... that wee Feline wants us to help him. He's scared to death of goin' with them.)
Horn: (......)
Horn: (Triangle?)
Triangle: Here, Leader. Still in position, outside in the same tree. They haven't noticed me.
Horn: (Good. Take the reconnaissance group, and keep investigating along nearby transport routes. If you find any leads, immediately report back.)
Triangle: Understood. Are we notifying their barracks?
Horn: ......
Horn: No need.
Horn: Be sure to defend yourselves.
====================story_12fce_set_1_12F.xlsx====================
*You shouldn't follow me.*
*Where I am going, the flames of war rage unchecked.*
*You'd only be in the way. No need to get yourself killed.*
???: I...
???: ......
Sarkaz Mercenary: Savra, what are you doing, standing there? Get down if you want to live!
???: !
*Sarkaz profanity*! Incoming! Take cover and keep your head down!
*Cough* *cough*...
Sarkaz Mercenary: You still alive?!
???: I'm fine.
Sarkaz Mercenary: They found our vantage point. We don't have much time left! Get a move on!
Sarkaz Mercenary: Again, so soon?!
Sarkaz Mercenary: Argghhh! Son of a...! My leg!
???: (Uses Arts)
???: This way!
*Cough*. Thanks, brother.
???: All I did was find us some cover. No need to thank me.
???: Is your leg doing okay?
Sarkaz Mercenary: I'm fine. I've been scratched up like this many times before. I'll be okay with a bandage.
Sarkaz Mercenary: I'm probably not one to talk, but you don't seem like you can hold your own in a fight that well. I'm surprised you managed to survive this long.
Sarkaz Mercenary: I saw you use Arts to move the cover. That's the technique of a seasoned veteran.
Sarkaz Mercenary: How long have you been on the battlefield?
???: I've been through training many times, but I'm afraid this is my first deployment.
???: I only made it this far thanks to luck. I haven't done anything too great.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Well, you're a humble one, I'll give you that.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Anyway, we really can't keep this up for much longer.
Sarkaz Mercenary: The bigwigs are probably having an easy time, but this is starting to be a bit too much to bear for the rest of us.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Looks like we're the only ones left here. I wonder how the others are doing.
???: I got separated from my team... Our ambush failed, and the enemy scattered us.
???: It doesn't look like much is happening up ahead. I'm guessing anyone who charged up ahead are all...
Sarkaz Mercenary: Well, what a coincidence. It's the same for me.
Sarkaz Mercenary: I'm not expecting them to go back to help me at this point.
???: The mission may be a failure, but I'm not planning on dying here.
???: I'll scout out our surroundings. We may be trapped, but there has to be a way to break out of this.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Scout? You?
Sarkaz Mercenary: Listen, I'm not trying to look down on you, brother.
Sarkaz Mercenary: But I promise, it doesn't matter how much cover your Arts can make you. The moment you poke your head out, you'll be blown to pieces.
Sarkaz Mercenary: My suggestion: We stay here and observe.
???: I'm afraid we can't do that.
???: 3 o'clock... We've got company.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Those freaking Kuranta?
???: They're light infantry. Most likely the Kuranta mercenaries. There may be others as well... They work together fairly often, after all.
???: Once they charge in here, we won't have anywhere to run.
???: They might even have some caster drones with them.
Sarkaz Mercenary: How'd you know that much?
???: Simple deduction, guesswork, and experience.
???: I could be wrong, of course, but that should more or less be it.
???: We may stand out if we go now, but we can't hide here for very long.
Sarkaz Mercenary: If you know so much about them, do you have a way to take them out too?
???: I'm afraid not with my Arts. I'll probably be killed the moment I try to attack.
???: Honestly, running away is about all I can manage right now.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Hahahaha, sounds like whoever hired you really got a lemon.
Sarkaz Mercenary: They're losing this war because they're too stingy and only bought men like you. You get what you pay for.
Sarkaz Mercenary: By the way, before I forget...
Sarkaz Mercenary: What's your name, Savra?
46A: I have many names. You can call me 46A for now.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Heh, is that a name now? Sounds more like a model number for some kind of appliance.
46A: It's just one of my codenames. You can call me that for the time being.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Well, it sounds to me you haven't made up your mind.
46A: My name isn't important.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Guess it isn't. Looks like you're the same as me. Just playing it by ear, earning our keep.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Was that an explosion?!
Sarkaz Mercenary: Quick, 46A! Let's go!
Sarkaz Mercenary: I've been a merc for a long time, but this is my first time seeing anyone use drones to guide artillery fire.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Those drone casters are getting way too hard to deal with these days.
Sarkaz Mercenary: If we'd found out sooner, so many of us would still be alive...
46A: I tried to cover our tracks. Hopefully that will buy us some time.
Sarkaz Mercenary: You know all kinds of Arts, don't you?
Sarkaz Mercenary: Why don't you take care of these wounds for me while you are at it?
46A: Sorry, I don't know healing Arts.
Sarkaz Mercenary: It's fine. Just figured I'd ask.
46A: Our medic was the second one to go missing.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Don't let it get to you, brother. It happens pretty often out here.
Sarkaz Mercenary: If it wasn't for you, the Kuranta would've blown a hole through my guts already.
46A: So nobody else made it out?
Sarkaz Mercenary: Looks like it.
Sarkaz Mercenary: But that also means we're safe.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Can you walk on your own?
46A: I'm fine.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Let's keep going, then. The rendezvous point shouldn't be much further. If we keep this up, we should be there in about an hour.
46A: Good.
Sarkaz Mercenary: I really backed the wrong horse this time. The nobles were paying top dollar, so I figured this one was a sure win.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Who knew we'd get all those mortar shells dropped on us? The moment that happened, everyone just took off, running for dear life.
Sarkaz Mercenary: I feel sorry for those brothers I've fought alongside over the years.
Sarkaz Mercenary: They got their money, but at what cost?
*Sigh*...
Sarkaz Mercenary: How about you, 46A? You here because of how much they were willing to pay, too?
46A: There were some supplies I needed.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Hah, no need to sugarcoat it like that. All of us are putting our lives on the line to earn our crust.
46A: I'm looking for someone as well.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Looking for someone? What, on the battlefield?
46A: That's correct.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Who are you looking for? Family? An enemy?
46A: Someone I owe my life.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Hoh.
Sarkaz Mercenary: That's interesting.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Well, it sounds like something you'd do, but you're probably looking in the wrong place.
46A: It's a life debt, and—
Sarkaz Mercenary: Fine, whatever. Let me give you a bit of advice. Don't let yourself be taken advantage of!
Sarkaz Mercenary: I wasn't going to say this, but you're a weird one. Do you really think you can find the one who saved your life in Kazdel?
Sarkaz Mercenary: Maybe they weren't even trying to save you.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Think about all those men you've worked for up till now, all the people you've worked with. All of them ready to turn against you at a moment's notice.
Sarkaz Mercenary: Maybe the moment you find them, they'll—
*I never imagined I would make such a mistake. I didn't see the attack coming at all.*
*Were those explosives? Arts?*
*My ears are buzzing.*
*Pant*... *pant*...
*But I'm not going to die here.*
*Even if I can't see anything, even if I have to crawl my way out of here, I am going to live.*
???: You always make it through everything alive, Savra.
???: But I never thought you'd make it this far.
???: You are not like those good-for-nothings.
46A: Who are you...?
???: You've made it this far. You have my approval.
???: I guess I must also give you a conclusion.
???: Will you face your past?
???: Or will you face the future?
???: Make your decision.
46A: ......
*The Savra feebly holds his staff up.*
46A: Can I come with you this time, Owl?
Rangers: Rise and shine, young'un.
12F: Ughh......
12F: What are you doing here, Mr. Rangers...?
Rangers: Everyone else is busy today, so it's just us two Savra sharing drinks and conversation.
Rangers: Do you remember now?
12F: R-Right... It's coming back to me.
Rangers: Here, have some cold water.
12F: Thank you.
Rangers: Try rubbing your eyes. Harder.
*Phew*... *huff*.
Rangers: This is how I used to sober myself up when I was your age. It does the trick, doesn't it?
12F: I suppose. Thank you, Mr. Rangers.
Rangers: No need to thank me. We're both Savra.
Rangers: This is a kind of remedy I came up with. Only works on us folk.
Rangers: Were you dreaming, 12F? You seemed rather stiff.
12F: Oh, I guess I did have a rather strange dream.
12F: Something from the past came back to me, that's all.
???: Tell me. What's your name?
46A: I... I don't have a name... Only a codename.
???: Well, you just follow me from here on out. Like I said, there'll be far more dangers waiting ahead of you.
???: How far you can make it. Well, that depends on you.
???: Who you've been up till now just died here. Today is the day you died. It's also the day you were born.
???: Right, why don't I give you a new name as a present?
???: Let's see. It's March 3rd today...
???: Alright, you'll be 12F from here on out.
====================story_amgoat_set_1_Eyjafjalla.xlsx====================
Eyjafjalla: Can I start now? I thought I saw the record button flash for a moment, but it might've just been my imagination. Oh... feels like it's starting to warm up... so I guess it's working?
Eyjafjalla: Ahem, well then... Today is the third day of the field expedition, and we've almost made it to the survey site.
Eyjafjalla: The time now is ten thirty... is that a one? Sorry, I can't see very clearly, but it's morning.
Eyjafjalla: Oh, it-it's a two now! The time is 10:32, and our ETA to the rendezvous point with Rhodes Island is... Umm, twelve hours and twenty-eight minutes.
Eyjafjalla: Everything has been going smoothly so far, and the detection rune is ready. As for the sampling equipment, the others are currently helping me with it.
Eyjafjalla: Umm, what was that? I thought I heard someone calling me...
Eyjafjalla: Ack, I almost dropped the recorder. Phew... Okay, don't panic...
Eyjafjalla: Are they waving at me? I think that signal means they finished the installation? Begin data collection... Begin synchronous analysis... G-Got it!
Field Operator: Eyjafjalla!
Eyjafjalla: Oh... Um, Barty? Hearing aids... Okay, my hearing aids are working fine.
Barty: Woah, hold on, there's no rush! Please mind your step.
Eyjafjalla: I-It's fine... Barty, I can walk on my own. The visibility here is very good, so you don't need to worry about me running into things.
Barty: You sure? The wind's pretty strong out here though, and there are rocks jutting out all over the place. Wouldn't it be better for you to stay on the aircraft?
Barty: Besides, when I left, I told Dr. Kal'tsit I would keep you safe. Bet my whole next month's salary on it.
Eyjafjalla: Ughh......
Eyjafjalla: Salad? With... Dr. Kal'tsit?
Operator Barty: Huh? No, I said salary, my salary!
Operator Barty: (whispers) Like hell I'd ask Dr. Kal'tsit to share a salad...
Eyjafjalla: Oh, umm, I see...
Eyjafjalla: Ugh... My hearing aid... I'm sure there must be some interference, maybe because the wind is too strong.
Eyjafjalla: I'm very sorry. You were just talking about your work, right?
Eyjafjalla: I know how reliable you are, Barty. You've been a great help to me on this trip. If I was alone here, even setting up this equipment would've taken all afternoon.
Operator Barty: Huh, by yourself? You really think you could've handled all this heavy equipment? Even given a whole afternoon...
Eyjafjalla: I've done it before. Back when I was in school, there were some research projects I had to carry out by myself.
Operator Barty: Huh, what about your classmates?
Eyjafjalla: Ah, well... Everyone took it differently... Those courses, they did require a bit more experience.
Operator Barty: Right, I almost forgot through all that small talk, you're a real accomplished scholar. I guess the other students couldn't keep up with you?
Operator Barty: But even so, they were working you way too hard back in school.
Eyjafjalla: It actually wasn't that bad... S-Seriously, don't worry about it. I can handle myself, I just take my time.
Eyjafjalla: But you know, after coming to Rhodes Island, it is much more convenient to get things done, whether on the landship or out in the field.
Eyjafjalla: My new hearing aids are a lot better than the ones I was using before. Dr. Kal'tsit and the Professor are both supportive of my research, and Closure even helped me renovate my room...
Eyjafjalla: The other operators always take very good care of me, just like you are now. I'm so glad I have all of you.
Operator Barty: You thanked me the whole way here. C'mon, you're gonna make me blush.
Guide: Hey! I just came back from there. The road's real narrow, so while y'all can still pass, that heavy thing's gotta stay behind.
Eyjafjalla: Ugh... Does that mean there's no way for us to get to the last sampling point?
Guide: I said, y'all can pass. You— can— pass—.
Operator Barty: Look, there's no need to raise your voice, okay?
Guide: She's just standin' there all confused. Her ears bad or something?
Eyjafjalla: Sorry... I heard you this time.
Eyjafjalla: Um, Barty, let's go take a look first?
Guide: Wait, hold up, you're going too? I did say it's clear, but don't you think it'd be better for someone like you to take it easy?
Eyjafjalla: Huh?
Guide: The road up ahead is pretty nasty. A lot of earthquakes hit this area, and there are pits and sinkholes everywhere. One wrong move and you're stuck in one of those. Wouldn't even come out here if not for the money.
Guide: Lookin' at you, you're havin' a tough time just walkin' on flat ground, and now you wanna join in on this craziness? Isn't that just looking for trouble?
Operator Barty: You... How dare you talk like that to Eyjafjalla! She may be young, but she's the greatest volcanologist in the world! She's in charge of this whole expedition!
Guide: Volcanology gonna pick her up and carry her? The only thing gettin' you across this road is a sturdy pair o' legs.
Operator Barty: I guess you have a point... Um, Eyjafjalla... He's kinda right. If the road ahead is really that rough, you should...
Eyjafjalla: Oh...
Eyjafjalla: Barty, Mr. Guide, I am very sorry... for causing you trouble.
Eyjafjalla: But, I need to go.
Operator Barty: If you're concerned about the equipment, I can set it up for you—
Eyjafjalla: Yes, I know. What you said is true. But, the source of the anomalous Originium readings is right up ahead. We need more precise detection method, and that requires my Arts.
Operator Barty: Why not use the data from the sampling sites? There's a lot to pick from, right?
Eyjafjalla: No good. We can't overlook even the smallest detail if we want accurate results. If I get lazy here, our entire mission may fall short.
Operator Barty: I know that serious look, you've made up your mind... then we've got no choice. Let's go.
Operator Barty: But let me get this out of the way, Eyjafjalla, if you ever feel uncomfortable, we're going to stop to take a break. You've got a duty to your research, but I've got a duty to protect you.
Eyjafjalla: Okay... I'll be fine, Barty. Don't worry about me.
*Sigh*... I can tell you're pushing yourself!
Guide: Tsk... If you don't like hearing the truth...
Guide: Let me just make this clear. If somethin' happens, I'm only gonna be lookin' after myself.
Operator Barty: Damn it, people like you...
Eyjafjalla: It's fine, don't worry about it. Thank you for showing us the way, Mr. Guide.
Eyjafjalla: Continuing recording... The current time is 12:25 P.M., and we're moving towards the last sampling site.
Eyjafjalla: We've analyzed the data from the previous sampling site and... Well, it's pretty much what I predicted.
Eyjafjalla: Despite being igneous rock deposited by an ancient volcano, there's still strong Originium activity deep within it. It continues to grow stronger, and the trend is... undeniable.
Eyjafjalla: The key lies in the core of the anomalous band... With that data, we'll be able to analyze the trajectory of change... I hope it won't interfere with Rhodes Island's subsequent— Eek!
Eyjafjalla: I, I just bumped my shoulder on something... Sorry, Barty... I wasn't watching where I was going.
Operator Barty: Is everything okay? We've been walking for an hour already.
Eyjafjalla: Ah... Um... Yeah, I'm fine.
Operator Barty: The wind is really strong here, stronger than before. It's making its way into the cracks of the rocks, just like us.
Eyjafjalla: Yeah... It's really cold... My legs are all sore, and my eyes...
Eyjafjalla: Ugh...
Eyjafjalla: But, I can do this. Please keep going.
Operator Barty: You're really not going to let anything stop you, huh?
Operator Barty: Tell you what. You stand behind me, I'm big enough to block the wind for you. If there are any rocks, I'll get us out of the way.
Eyjafjalla: Okay... Sounds good. Thank you, Barty.
Guide: Hey... Don't say I didn't warn you. This road's hard to get through.
Guide: So, what kind of treasure are you lookin' for? Must be great to get you pushin' through all this.
Operator Barty: I think we told you back when we hired you? We're from Rhodes Island, a pharmaceutical company, and we're here to investigate and research—
Guide: Yeah, yeah, I heard all that before.
Guide: But like what investigation, what research? Isn't it all about money in the end?
Guide: Heh, especially pharmaceutical companies like yours. I bet you've squeezed a whole lot of old rich folk desperately trying to survive, right?
Operator Barty: You... you wouldn't get it.
Operator Barty: There's nothing wrong with trying to make money, but some things you can't put a price on.
Guide: Hm? Not here for money then? I was gonna say... how'd you plan to make money digging for rocks?
Guide: Right, now that I think about it, there are some people, underlings working for those old aristocrats, always trying to play around with Arts. Always experimenting with things, researching things...
Guide: Terrible... just terrible...
Operator Barty: Hey you... Why are you trembling? I told you already, we're nothing like that...
Eyjafjalla: Look out!
*gasp*... Wooahhh! What the hell is that massive boulder?!
Guide: My head... My head... Oh, it's still there?
Guide: Wasn't that huge boulder flying towards my head just a moment ago? I thought I was a goner for sure...
Guide: Ow, what's this red stuff? And what's with the debris all over the ground? This bubbly stuff... magma? From a volcano?
Guide: Did the volcano erupt?! H-Help! I don't wanna die!
Operator Barty: Shut up already!
Operator Barty: Damn, I've been wanting to say that for the longest time...
Operator Barty: Eyjafjalla... Eyjafjalla?! Are you all right?
Eyjafjalla: Are you looking for me, Barty? I'm perfectly fine, right over here. Nobody got hurt by that falling boulder just now, right?
Operator Barty: I think we're all okay. When I saw that thing coming at us, I thought it was too late— Wait, did you destroy that boulder with your Arts?
Eyjafjalla: Yes. As long as everyone's safe.
Operator Barty: Incredible... Even I didn't have a chance to react... And despite your eyes and ears...
Eyjafjalla: You're right, Barty. I didn't hear anything. And I only vaguely saw a shadow.
Eyjafjalla: But what I could feel... was the change in heat.
Eyjafjalla: As Mr. Guide here also mentioned, the stone here is unstable. When affected by the strong winds, the rock formation fractures, and the friction between the fault and the rock mass generates a significant amount of heat.
Operator Barty: Wow! Eyjafjalla, you're awesome, really!
Guide: Amazing... and kinda scary...
Guide: In just a flash, a single moment! That huge boulder, reduced to molten fragments!
Guide: My god... if that thing had smashed into my head—
Operator Barty: ......
Guide: Got it, shutting up. Shutting up.
Eyjafjalla: Ah, we've finally arrived.
Eyjafjalla: Right now it's... Oh, we're fifteen minutes behind schedule. Let's pick up the pace.
Eyjafjalla: Booting up the equipment... still need to improve accuracy by fifteen percent... Frequency control, oscillating flow rate... Okay... Nine percent... Three percent...
Eyjafjalla: Great, noise readings are into the ideal range. Barty, you can let go now.
Guide: This... this is also Arts?
Eyjafjalla: Yes, this indeed is my Originium technique. You can think of it as Arts, but I prefer to call it a scientific research method.
Guide: Incredible...
Eyjafjalla: Mr. Guide, you must be tired as well? We can head up and rest for a bit. Sample collection will take a while to finish, so we'll have about five hours before we have to check back on the equipment.
Guide: So this is a scientist... A real scientist. Even though she's so young, she's got some real weighty words.
Guide: Also, you just saved my life. And I'm the kind of person who knows a good one.
Guide: Tell you what, I'll take the prepaid part of the guide fee. You don't have to pay the rest.
Eyjafjalla: Huh?
Operator Barty: Look, how many times do we have to tell you... Rhodes Island isn't that stingy—
Eyjafjalla: Mm... Um, Barty... If Mr. Guide insists, I think we should accept his gratitude.
Operator Barty: Huh? Oh, I see... Well, if you say so, Eyjafjalla, I guess we could do that.
Operator Barty: (low voice) I must say, I'm a little surprised...
Eyjafjalla: What did you say, Barty? Sorry, but I couldn't hear you clearly.
Operator Barty: Haha, it's nothing. I'm just saying, I didn't expect you to be so perceptive about this kind of stuff.
Eyjafjalla: Huh? Actually... it's kind of awkward when you put it that way...
Eyjafjalla: I guess I don't really understand what Mr. Guide is talking about.
Operator Barty: Huh?
Eyjafjalla: In any case... Um, my hearing aids still don't work very well... But Mr. Guide looked really sincere and seemed to be thanking us...
Eyjafjalla: Did I misunderstand something?
Operator Barty: I guess not... Ahaha... You really are a true scholar, aren't you?
Operator Barty: You can look past the superficial noise and cut straight to the truth at just a glance.
Eyjafjalla: Errmmm... O-Okay...
Eyjafjalla: The time is now 3:14 P.M. Data collection and analysis are progressing steadily.
Eyjafjalla: A small incident occurred just now on the way to the last sampling site. Of course, it hasn't affected our work.
Eyjafjalla: I also had some interesting conversations with Mr. Guide and Operator Barty along the way...
Eyjafjalla: Even though I'm not sure I understood everything they meant, I think Barty said I'm a true scholar...
Eyjafjalla: I blushed a little when I heard that... and it also made me think of something that happened before I left.
Medic Operator: I won't allow it! Eyjafjalla, given your physical condition, you are forbidden to work outdoors again!
Eyjafjalla: B-But... the anomalous Originium signal is likely related to volcanic activity, and it happens to be situated on Rhodes Island's next route.
Eyjafjalla: Both as a volcanologist and as an Operator of Rhodes Island, I must complete this field survey.
Medic Operator: But your health...
Eyjafjalla: Please have faith in me. I know how to take care of myself.
Ceylon: ......
Ceylon: Let her go.
Medic Operator: Huh? Ceylon? You're a medic. How can you support the patient's irresponsible actions?
Ceylon: Sure, even if it's irresponsible...
Ceylon: I also consider myself an academic of sorts, so I can kind of understand how she feels.
Ceylon: In other words, if I was given an opportunity to learn more about Originium, I'd definitely do everything within my power to make that happen.
Medic Operator: I know, but... I'm just worried that another mission would worsen her condition further.
Ceylon: That would make me want to go even more.
Medic Operator: What?!
Ceylon: Time is short, but the truth is still far away— and that's why we're even more eager to seize every opportunity, every day.
Eyjafjalla: While I still can... while my legs can still support me... While my eyes... can still see that light... the brightness of the volcanoes.
Ceylon: Yes, those lights... A an armchair scientist like me might not be able to see them, but I know Eyjafjalla can.
Ceylon: Scholars like her have always been on the bleeding edge, pushing this world's knowledge forward. Every time she can move forward is another step that we'll be able to follow.
Ceylon: Moving forward may not always be a good thing. It might be scary, and it might trip you up. But I'm not going to stop Eyjafjalla's progress just because I'm worried she'll get hurt.
Medic Operator: I see...
Medic Operator: Whatever... I'll never understand you academic types.
Medic Operator: Alright, if you insist, Eyjafjalla, I won't try to stop you. You'll have to take it up with Dr. Kal'tsit!
Eyjafjalla: Right... Thank you. Thank you so much, and you as well, Miss Ceylon.
Eyjafjalla: That was the same topic back there.
Eyjafjalla: What does it mean to be a scholar, a scientist? I don't think I've ever given this much thought.
Eyjafjalla: Ceylon was right. I wanted to delve deeper into these volcanoes, to explore the mystery of the deepest parts of this land while I still have the time.
Eyjafjalla: When I was young, if I had to think of what was a true scholar, I would have thought of my mom and dad...
Eyjafjalla: But now, there's one more person.
Eyjafjalla: So, can you tell me the answer to this question when I get back—— Professor?
====================story_amgoat_set_2_Eyjafjalla.xlsx====================
*4:32 P.M. \ Overcast*
*Leithanian Northern Wastelands, Volcanic Belt Sampling Site #7*
*Please rest assured, this mission has come to a smooth conclusion. Operator Eyjafjalla is very tired, but her health is stable.*
*Though the specific results of this expedition are still unclear, judging from Eyjafjalla's reactions, there should be some semblance of progress, albeit small and hardly worthy of being called a breakthrough.*
*On the way back, I will continue to make sure that she...*
Eyjafjalla: Barty?
Operator Barty: Oh...! Um, Eyjafjalla! D-Did you need something?
Eyjafjalla: Um... that device on the front left-hand side seems to have shifted a bit, and background noise from its real-time data has suddenly started fluctuating...
Eyjafjalla: Would you mind helping me see what's going on?
Operator Barty: S-Sorry!
Eyjafjalla: Huh?
Operator Barty: I was the one who moved it! I'm really sorry, I... I wasn't trying to peek at the data—
Eyjafjalla: Hmm... I see, so you were looking at the data?
*cough*—*cough* *cough*...
Eyjafjalla: In that case... all is well then. I thought the wind shifted it, so this at least saves us from having to check all the other devices.
Operator Barty: Huh...? Wow, you're not upset with me at all?
Operator Barty: You're not going to chew me out for looking through your data?
Eyjafjalla: Chew? S-Sorry, I'm not sure I heard you clearly... But I'm assuming you're asking if I'm bothered by something?
Eyjafjalla: I wouldn't say bothered, but there is something I'm curious about. I didn't think you'd be interested in my research data.
Operator Barty: Haha... You have a point. An old dunce like me...
Eyjafjalla: That's not what I'm trying to say.
Eyjafjalla: It's just that volcanology isn't exactly the most exciting thing in the world. Most of the time, you head out into the wilderness like this, sit here and observe things all day, then bury yourself in data analysis after you get back... Most people would find that boring, right?
Operator Barty: Boring, huh? If you really break it down, most people in this world lead pretty boring lives.
Operator Barty: Every day, you get out of bed, you eat, you keep yourself busy with work all day, then you go to sleep at night.
Operator Barty: But a scholar like you is always exploring new things. Isn't that a lot more interesting?
Eyjafjalla: ......
Operator Barty: (She laughed!) H-Hey, did I really say something that stupid?
Eyjafjalla: No, not at all. The way you were talking just reminded me of someone I used to go to school with.
Operator Barty: Hah, is that so? I've also had my fair share of dealing with those collegiate types in the past.
Eyjafjalla: Huh? Haven't you always been doing security work?
Operator Barty: Oh, it's a really old story. Back then... I was only able to land a start-up job opportunity thanks to the compassion of a young faculty member.
Operator Barty: He helped me out a lot, and also made me realize that research is something that is both meaningful and... Uhh, how do I put this. Not that simple? Yeah, not that simple.
*Through my last conversation with Dr. Kal'tsit, I learned that you were working at Rhodes Island. I also have another request...*
*It's about Miss Naumann... She's currently at Rhodes Island under the name of Eyjafjalla.*
*She's the only child of my esteemed teacher...*
*Barty, I hope that you'll watch over her to the best of your abilities.*
*Not just her physical well-being. Her Oripathy is rather severe...*
*There's also her research work.*
*Please keep an eye on her progress and contact me if necessary.*
Operator Barty: Kahn...
Operator Barty: Dr. Kal'tsit passed this letter on to me before we left, but she should know... Even if you didn't ask me, I'd still look after Eyjafjalla.
Operator Barty: By the way, your first volcano expedition was several years ago, right?
Eyjafjalla: Mhm, my first expedition... I think it would've been about three years back?
Operator Barty: Seriously? You were still a kid!
Operator Barty: (whispers) Are research institutes so black-hearted these days?
Eyjafjalla: My hearing aid's working fine now. I heard all of that.
Operator Barty: Ah, I wasn't talking about Rhodes Island! P-Please don't get the wrong idea!
Eyjafjalla: I'm just joking... William University never asked that of me either. Even back then, the school didn't support me enrolling that early.
Eyjafjalla: It's just that I was the only one who could make sense of the data my parents left behind.
Eyjafjalla: I didn't want the project to be terminated... and my parents wouldn't have wanted that either. So, I insisted on joining the expedition in their place.
Operator Barty: What happened to... Oh! I'm so sorry, I almost forgot that your parents are...
Eyjafjalla: It's fine, Barty. It was a long time ago.
Operator Barty: Was it because of... a volcano?
Eyjafjalla: Yes... Volcanoes are very dangerous. My mom taught me when I was little.
Eyjafjalla: —A tongue of flame is enough to swallow an entire house. But a volcano... is a behemoth with primal energies in its belly.
Eyjafjalla: The behemoth may not be sentient, but every time it opens its mouth to breathe or cough, it reshapes the earth effortlessly.
Eyjafjalla: It's a bit ironic. When I was little, I didn't really understand what my mom and dad were doing. In my mind, I just saw them as brave warriors who challenged behemoths.
Operator Barty: Hey, that's not that much of an exaggeration, is it? They knew it was dangerous, but they went off and did it anyway. That takes courage!
Eyjafjalla: It's also terrifying.
Eyjafjalla: When I saw a volcano for the first time... my eyes weren't like they are now. I could see clearly, and my ears were still keen.
Eyjafjalla: Even now, I still clearly remember the bright red, the roar in my ears... It was like a monster breaking free from the shackles of the earth, screeching as it clawed its way forward.
Eyjafjalla: It was nothing like the textbooks... it was so real, alive.
Eyjafjalla: I... I remember my legs locking up. I couldn't walk. I didn't even dare exhale for the longest time, up until I couldn't hold it anymore. I was coughing, with tears streaming down my eyes.
Eyjafjalla: In that moment, I understood.
Operator Barty: Understood... what?
Eyjafjalla: Well, a lot of things.
Eyjafjalla: I understood why before every expedition, my mom would squeeze into bed with me and hug me tight, until I fell asleep.
Eyjafjalla: I understood why after every expedition, my dad would pat my head while sifting through his data, talking over and over about how grateful he was.
Eyjafjalla: I think... they must've felt that fear every time they set out.
Operator Barty: It's amazing how strong you are, even having lived through all of that.
Operator Barty: I've heard about all kinds of tragedies, like losing a child to a raging river. The parents end up hating the river and move far away.
Eyjafjalla: Back then... I think I also heard stuff like that.
Eyjafjalla: The day after my parents' accident, everyone I knew came to see me, especially after they heard I was going to join the volcano expedition.
Eyjafjalla: I knew where they were coming from, and respected that. They were worried I was too impulsive, making quick decisions in my grief.
Eyjafjalla: Most of them hoped I would let go of everything and keep going to school like normal, but that was impossible for me.
Operator Barty: Eyjafjalla... You really don't hold a grudge at all?
*After Professor Naumann's accident, I've been struggling to uncover the cause of the tragedy...*
*I have difficulty believing that a top volcanologist, along with her husband who was skilled in Originium Arts, could die in such an unremarkable volcanic incident.*
*Their research had already attracted too much attention. The truth was not the only thing on their journey of discovery.*
*There were those who sought to exploit the fruits of their labor, and there were others yet who sought to forever bury those findings beneath the flow of volcanic debris.*
*Adele is still young, and I'm not sure she can understand how dangerous this research is. She unfortunately contracted Oripathy, even before the accident.*
*I trust Rhodes Island, just as Dr. Kal'tsit trusts me.*
*I only wish that Adele would stop what she's doing... but as Dr. Kal'tsit said, I should wait to see what she's like after she's grown up.*
*I'm still tied down by my work, so I've asked Dr. Kal'tsit to find you in my stead, Barty.*
*Please take good care of her for me...*
*I hope that before it is too late, you will do everything you can for her, protect her body and mind from the harms of the outside world, keep her from the gaze of the dark clouds above her.*
Operator Barty: In any case, volcanoes took away your parents... and caused your illness...
Eyjafjalla: Yes...
Eyjafjalla: I guess there is a little bit of resentment that... I can't escape from.
Eyjafjalla: No, I shouldn't say resentment. Sadness would be a better word.
Eyjafjalla: I miss them so much... my mom and my dad... When I first heard the news, I couldn't even believe it.
Eyjafjalla: My dad's Arts were so powerful... and my mom had been on so many expeditions.
Eyjafjalla: The next few nights after that, I would fall asleep in a stupor. I would always see those volcanoes in my dreams, and I would wake up screaming and crying... There was nothing strong about me at all.
Operator Barty: No, no! That's human nature! Not to mention, you were so young at the time!
Eyjafjalla: When you put it that way, my colleagues on the expedition team had to look after a sniveling, crying kid while trying to carry out their survey work. It must've been hard on them as well.
Eyjafjalla: Hmm... I guess I really should write a few more thank-you letters when I get the chance.
Operator Barty: Hahaha...
Eyjafjalla: At least, I started to pull myself together after I saw a volcano with my own eyes for the first time.
Operator Barty: Huh? Didn't you just say you were terrified of volcanoes?
Eyjafjalla: Yes, I was. But on top of that terror, I also felt a hint of peace. It doesn't make much sense, does it?
Operator Barty: Peace, huh? I... can't say I expected that answer.
Eyjafjalla: Inevitably, I started to think of my mom and dad. At that moment, I suddenly thought, was I seeing the same volcano they had seen?
Eyjafjalla: And all the scholars who came before us, was this what they had seen as well? Even after hundreds of years— even if the locations were completely different, it could be the same boiling lava flowing in front of all of us.
Eyjafjalla: Even if I never got sick, even if the accident never happened, even if I spent my entire life dedicated to studying it... How much could I possibly have figured out the secrets of the eternal behemoth in front of me?
Eyjafjalla: 'Why did mom and dad choose this path?' 'Why did mom and dad have to die?'
Eyjafjalla: In front of an eternal, inscrutable question... My questions suddenly seemed so insignificant.
Eyjafjalla: I don't have nearly enough time left here. I don't have any more excuses to shy away, or to keep wallowing in grief and fear.
Operator Barty: Eyjafjalla...
Eyjafjalla: I'm sure... mom and dad felt the same way.
Eyjafjalla: I've taken the data they left behind and continued in their footsteps. Now, it's as if they never left this world. They continue to live on in front of me, guiding me forward.
Eyjafjalla: If... one day, I also have to leave this world, there will be someone after me who continues my work where I left off, right?
Operator Barty: Incredible... This way, your work will continue to be passed down again and again, it's a kind of immortality.
Eyjafjalla: Hmm... immortality? I've never looked at it that way... *cough* *cough*...
Operator Barty: Damn it, did the wind pick up again?
Operator Barty: Have a seat here, Eyjafjalla. Being exposed to the wind isn't good for you.
*cough* *cough*... Thanks. Yes, I'm already much better now.
Eyjafjalla: After yakking on all this time, you might've gotten the wrong idea about me, Barty... Really, I'm not that brave.
Eyjafjalla: I just... can't help but think back to an expedition I went on a few years ago.
Eyjafjalla: I was in much better shape back then than I am now. Though I still wasn't very strong, at least I wouldn't bump into things left and right and drag everyone else down.
Operator Barty: Nonsense, you haven't been dragging any of us down at all. If anything, you've been looking after us more than anything else.
Eyjafjalla: So cold... Th-The wind's so strong...
Eyjafjalla: Ugh... Even through all these layers, my hands and feet are still shaking...
Operator Barty: Hm, now that I think about it, you always struggle with the cold, but every time we get close to you, you seem to run really hot.
Eyjafjalla: That'd be my Arts... It might be something I subconsciously do because I always feel too cold.
Eyjafjalla: Sorry, Barty. You should keep your distance from me if you don't want to risk getting burned.
Operator Barty: No need to worry about me. As long as you feel a bit more comfortable, I don't care how hot it gets.
Eyjafjalla: It doesn't actually help. It's just a subconscious reaction anyway, all it gives me is a tiny bit of psychological comfort. In the end, I just go right back to making a fool of myself, shivering all over the place.
Eyjafjalla: Barty, don't you think that with my Originium Arts, and as a Caprinae, the cold shouldn't bother me so much?
Eyjafjalla: Truthfully... I wasn't always like this.
*Sigh*...
Operator Barty: Don't worry about it. N-Next time, just make sure to bring even more layers!
Eyjafjalla: Hmm... Some extra clothes, huh...
Eyjafjalla: I should also get my hearing aids adjusted. I'm always mishearing things halfway through, and that's been a bit of a headache for you, hasn't it?
Operator Barty: Say... Eyjafjalla... Y-Your leg...
Eyjafjalla: Hm? What's wrong with my leg?
Eyjafjalla: Oh... It seems to be moving on its own...
Operator Barty: Haha, are you moving to a beat? I bet it's probably because of that guy, sitting in a faraway place, always singing to himself.
Eyjafjalla: Huh?
*♪ The snow continues to fall*
*♪ Everything becomes silent, gradually, quietly*
*♪ With love for this dance, and even more for the distant mountains*
*♪ All my hopes and desires*
*♪ Spread across this great, free land*
*♪ Where nobody can stop me*
Eyjafjalla: I seem to hear it... but also not hear it...
Eyjafjalla: Hmm... This song is something I heard when I was young. Before I realized it, it kept echoing in my head.
Operator Barty: You've also started to hum along...
Operator Barty: You know, I gotta say, I'm relieved to see you like that.
*Kahn, about that thing you asked me to do—*
*You were worried she could be in danger, caught up in something bad. You were worried she could get hurt, so you asked me to look after Miss Naumann— Eyjafjalla.*
*I understand your concern, but I have to say—*
*You really don't need to worry about her.*
*The magma melted her heart and now it's growing back. It's the purest, most resolute thing in the world.*
*The way I see it, the dark clouds above her cast no shadows on her light.*
====================story_broca_set_1_Broca.xlsx====================
Broca: Aosta, are we really joining this Rhodes Island organization?
Aosta: That's right, Broca. I think it's our best option.
Broca: There's   other places we could go.
Aosta: I know you aren't a fan of this idea, Broca,   but, honestly, this is our best option.
Broca: ......
Chiave: Oh, don't give me that look  , Broca.
Chiave: If things don't go our way, all we gotta do is split.
Aosta: Hah... I don't think it's that simple, but he has a point.
Aosta: So how about it, Broca? Are you on board?
Broca: ...I'll give it a try.
Guard Operator: You're finally awake.
Broca: Where are we...?
Guard Operator: The forest. Our team was attacked by a pack of beasts, and the two of us fell off the cliff. Remember now?
Broca: Yeah.
Guard Operator: ......
Broca: ......
Guard Operator: Hmph, you're not very cute, are you?
Guard Operator: Well, I still gotta thank you. If it wasn't for you, I might've   died there on the spot.
Broca: Don't mention it.
Guard Operator: ......
Broca: ......
Guard Operator: Aghhhhhhhh! Fine, okay! I'm sorry I picked that bone with you yesterday. I shouldn't have said that.
Guard Operator: I'm a little testy  , you see. I don't like it when I hear someone badmouthing Rhodes Island.
Guard Operator: But you're new here. It's not your fault you don't know what we're like just yet. Yato really tore me a new one last night. Don't take it personally, okay?
Broca: No, I was at fault myself.
Guard Operator: Eh, c'mon. I did you wrong, and I'll own up to that.
Guard Operator: Anyway, let's put it behind us. That fine with you?
Broca: Alright.
Guard Operator: Well, that's a weight off my shoulders. It's been bothering me all day.
Broca: Where's everyone else?
Guard Operator: No idea. With their skills, I'm sure they can hold their own.
Broca: We should look for them, then... Ugh.
Guard Operator: Hold up, bro. You shouldn't move around yet, what with how hurt you are.
Broca: 'Bro?'
Guard Operator: Oh, that's just what I call everyone. It's more intimate. You don't have a problem with that, do you?
Broca: Call me whatever you want.
Guard Operator: Alright, that settles it. Let's rest up here for the time being. We'll get moving once you heal up a bit.
Broca: But...
Guard Operator: Eh, don't worry. Yato's there with them. She's one of the most experienced operators we have. Nothing's gonna happen to them. Let's take care of ourselves.
Broca: Fine.
Guard Operator: Well, you lie down here a bit more. I'll take a look around.
Broca: Alright.
Broca: You know how loyal I am! Why are you abandoning me, Boss?!
???: It's because you're loyal  , Broca.
???: All that loyalty, isn't it natural you'd die for me?
Broca: ......
Broca: ......
Guard Operator: Yo, bro. Broca. I'm back.
Guard Operator: I took a stroll around. This forest is huge. We gotta be a bit more careful.
Broca: My wound's starting to get better. Let's move.
Guard Operator: You sure you don't want to rest a little more?
Broca: I'm good.
Guard Operator: Right on, let's get moving, then. I have a decent idea of which way we came from.
Guard Operator: Hey, bro, I've been wondering. What's with that saw on the back of your drill?
Guard Operator: I don't see you using it much when you fight.
Broca: I use this when I do retrofitting work. It's for sawing wood, among other things.
Guard Operator: Sawing wood? So you used to be a lumberjack or something?
Broca: No, I wasn't. I just like crafting sometimes.
Guard Operator: Heh, I didn't expect you to be the crafty kind.
Broca: It's nothing that amazing.
Guard Operator: Well, bro, I just noticed there's one more thing I'm wrong about you. When we left for this mission, I thought you were the type to keep to himself. I didn't know you could be so talkative.
Guard Operator: You should talk more. Try to express yourself if you don't want people to get the wrong idea. I mean, yesterday was the perfect example.
Broca: I actually mean it, though.
Guard Operator: You mean you don't trust Rhodes Island?
Guard Operator: Man, that's what I was talking about. You just got here, makes sense that you'd be a little iffy on the place.
Guard Operator: Really, though, hear me out on this one. You really shouldn't talk like that. The first thing you said was 'I don't trust Rhodes Island.' What kind of impression do you think that gives the rest of us?
Broca: I don't...
Guard Operator: Eh, stop right there, bro. I'm not trying to say you're hurting anyone's feelings or to tell you to shape up or anything. It's just, well, how should I say   this...?
Guard Operator: You see, I used to be a mercenary, and I've worked for organizations before, too. When I first got here, it was purely transactional. I was just here to make a living.
Guard Operator: They treat us well, and the food's not bad, but that's about it. If you'd asked me back then, I probably would've told you I don't believe in that good, charitable company bull crap.
Guard Operator: I mean, all the big companies are basically the same. You feel the same way too, no?
Broca: Sure.
Guard Operator: But anyway, I've been here for a while, and I can tell. Rhodes Island is different. This is something you need to learn yourself. Ain't nobody can teach you that.
Guard Operator: And yes, I trust Amiya, I trust the Doctor, and I trust Dr. Kal'tsit. They all won   me over.
Guard Operator: I didn't snap because the way you were talking bugged me. I snapped because what you said was wrong. You know what I mean?
Broca: I'm not sure...
Guard Operator: Eh, it's all good. I'm not telling you to figure it all out right now. What I'm trying to say is Rhodes Island isn't quite like what you think it is. You should try to trust in us a little more.
Broca: I don't remember helping out the village being part of our mission.
Guard Operator: Huh? Oh, that? It's actually the Captain's call. If he thinks we can manage it, in most cases, we try to do something to help the locals out.
Guard Operator: Why bring that up all of a sudden?
Broca: No reason...
Guard Operator: Come on... Wait, bro.
Broca: What's wrong?
Guard Operator: Look.
Broca: ...?!
*Before the duo realize what has happened, the beasts that attacked the squad have already surrounded them.*
Guard Operator: Looks like we got   company.
Broca: I can still fight...
Guard Operator: Don't. You haven't healed up yet. I'll create an opening for you. Run away when you get the chance.
Broca: I can't leave you behind.
Guard Operator: Hey, bro, you know why I apologized to you in the first place?
Broca: ...?
Guard Operator: I wouldn't apologize even if Yato lectured me the whole night, but you shielded me when we got ambushed. That's when I knew you were a good guy.
Guard Operator: Someone like you will come to like Rhodes Island.
Broca: ......
Guard Operator: Anyway, I owe you this one.
Broca: No.
Guard Operator: Eh, bro, don't be so stubborn.
Guard Operator: Relax. This is nothing. I ain't gonna die.
Broca: ......
*Broca simply stands there and lifts his weapon as though he didn't hear the operator's plea.*
Guard Operator: Eh, you really ain't cute at all.
Guard Operator: I can let it slide though.
Guard Operator: Alright, then. Stay close to me, bro. I got your back, and you got mine. We'll bust through these jackasses and make it out of here, together!
Broca: Alright.
*Just before the two of them could attack, a yelp can be heard from amongst the beasts.*
Guard Operator: Huh? Is that...?
Medic Operator: Are you two okay?!
Guard Operator: Oh, there you are! We're fine!
Medic Operator: Hey, Broca, you don't look so good. Hurry. Sit down and let me take a look.
Broca: I'm fine.
Guard Operator: That's Yato and the rest of the gang over there, right?
Medic Operator: Yep, we've been looking for you two ever since you fell down there. It's such a relief to find you alive.
Medic Operator: It looks like you're hanging in there okay. We can't let our guard down, though. Let's leave this place to the others and take Broca back first.
Guard Operator: No problem!
Broca: Thanks.
Guard Operator: Huh? What was that?
Broca: Nothing.
Aosta: So how was your first field op, Broca?
Broca: It was fine.
Aosta: Really? Great. I was worried you'd end up starting a fight. I guess I shouldn't have worried.
Broca: Yeah, I think... I can give this a try.
====================story_cerber_set_1_Ceobe.xlsx====================
*Rhodes Island Landship*
*Vulcan's Workshop*
Vulcan: Kay.
Ceobe: What is it, Vulcan  ?
Ceobe: Need my help?
Vulcan: When was the last time you performed maintenance on your equipment?
Ceobe: Well...
Ceobe: Let me think.
Ceobe: One... Two...
Ceobe: (Ceobe counts on her fingers)
Ceobe: Fifteen days, I think?
Vulcan: It's about time. You'd better get to work on them.
Ceobe: Okay.
Vulcan: You still have that maintenance diagram I drew for you?
Ceobe: Yup! I hung it up in my room.
Vulcan: Are there sufficient tools and consumables in that room? If you've run out, you can take some now.
Ceobe: There's enough!
Vulcan: Good.
Vulcan: Let's clean up and pack up. Then we can head out when the fire dies down.
Ceobe: Leave? Are you going out?
Vulcan: Yes, I have to go check on the boiler room, then collect the materials I ordered from the warehouse  . Don't have time to worry about the fire.
Ceobe: I can watch the fire.
Vulcan: That's not a good job   for you.
Vulcan: You have things you need to do as well, right?
Ceobe: I guess.
Vulcan: Almost time. Let's go.
Vulcan: I made you a lunch, remember to take it when you leave.
Vulcan: I'll come find you when I finish.
Ceobe: Okay, Vulcan  .
Vulcan: Right, see you later.
Ceobe: Come back soon!
Ceobe: Oh... She's gone...
Ceobe: What... should I do...?
Ceobe: Hmm...
Ceobe: I'll go to my room to take care of my babies   then.
*Dormitories*
*Ceobe's Room*
Ceobe: This...  The picture   says vegetable oil.
Ceobe: Vegetable oil?
Ceobe: Is it... this?
Ceobe: The label says——Vege... table... Oil...!
Ceobe: I got it!
Ceobe: What's the next step?
Ceobe: Hmm...
Ceobe: Dip the cloth into the oil, then slowly rub all the shiny parts.
Ceobe: Yup, just like that!
Ceobe: I remember it super clearly.
Ceobe: Hehe.
Ceobe: I wonder what Vulcan will say when she sees how good   I did? Maybe I'll get a gift?
Ceobe: She made a top   for me last time. It's so fun to spin!
Ceobe: Maybe I'll get something even better this time.
Ceobe: Hm...
Ceobe: I've never tasted oil before.
Ceobe: Since it's food for my babies, it must taste good.
Ceobe: (Ceobe dips her finger in the oil and licks it)
Ceobe: Blech.
Ceobe: Looks like I can't eat the food my babies like.
Ceobe: And here I thought maybe we'd have something to enjoy together.
Ceobe: Hmph.
Ceobe: Back to work.
Ceobe: Hmm...
Ceobe: Okay, I'm done!
Ceobe: What to do next?
Ceobe: Oh, I have to wipe oil on other parts.
Ceobe: With different oils too.
Ceobe: Yeah.
Ceobe: ......
*A long, long time later...*
Ceobe: I think I'm almost done.
Ceobe: I'm kinda hungry.
Ceobe: Okay, lunch time, lunch time.
Ceobe: Today's lunch is——
Ceobe: Grilled meatbeast chop! And mashed potatoes with sauce!
Ceobe: Wow!
Ceobe: Awawawa!!!
Ceobe: Ah——finished!
Ceobe: Vulcan is so good at crafting anything, even food!
Ceobe: But——I'm still a little hungry——
Ceobe: Hm, what time is it now?
Ceobe: Oh, eleven... eleven fifteen... It's noon!
Ceobe: It's time for everyone to eat!
Ceobe: Which means——
Ceobe: Yay!
Ceobe: Away!!!
*11:30 A.M.*
*Rhodes Island Cafeteria*
Ceobe: Wow, there's a lot of people here!
Ceobe: Let's see what food they have.
Ceobe: W-Wow!
Ceobe: Wow!!
Courier: Hello, Ceobe. What do you want to eat?
Ceobe: I'm looking.
Ceobe: (Since there's so much good food here, there must be more inside!)
Ceobe: (Okay, let me think how to sneak inside.)
Courier: Are you going to order?
Ceobe: No, I don't need to  .
Ceobe: Bye!
Courier: See you.
Gitano: Courier, the food for your counter is almost here. Be ready.
Courier: Okay.
Courier: (Whisper) She's here.
Gitano: (Whisper) Understood.
Ceobe: Vulcan taught me to watch closely and wait for a chance.
Ceobe: I didn't watch enough last time and the old guy caught me at the door...
Ceobe: But this time will be different!
Ceobe: I'll definitely get inside!
Ceobe: Mmm——
Ceobe: ......
Gitano: Shchi, huh? If I recall correctly, it goes there in the middle, where Courier is standing.
Gummy: Alright.
Ceobe: (The door is close to my hiding spot.)
Ceobe: (There's a pretty lady by the door, I can't let her see me.)
Ceobe: (Little Cub is talking to her.)
Ceobe: (There's a lot of tasty stuff next to her, but people are watching.)
Ceobe: (There's a little hole further away. I think it is for dishes. I can't get through it.)
Ceobe: (The door is my only choice.)
Ceobe: (But the door's so crowded still.)
Ceobe: (Hmm, I'll wait   a while more.)
Ceobe: (Okay the door is quieter now.)
Ceobe: (No one's there!)
Ceobe: (Now's my chance!)
Ceobe: (Go!!!)
Ceobe: Yummy goodies, here I come!
Gummy: Wooaahh! Kay, you can't go in there!
Ceobe: I can't?
Gummy: You can't! Don't you see the sign on the door?
Ceobe: I see it.
Ceobe: I see a red circle with a tilty red line going through it.
Ceobe: I also see Kay.
Gummy: That means 'Kay is not allowed in here.' Got it?
Ceobe: Got it.
Gummy: If you get it, why are you still going in?!
Ceobe: Hungry.
Gummy: If you're hungry, you can just get in line and order something to eat.
Ceobe: Hungry.
Gummy: Y-You're not allowed in there!
Ceobe: But I'm hungry!
Gummy: Fine, fine! I'll think of something!!
Gummy: Hmm...
Gummy: What if I...
Gummy: If I give you this cookie, will you promise not to go inside?
*sniff* *sniff*
Ceobe: Mm!
Ceobe: Okay, okay!
Gummy: Here...
Ceobe: Thanks!
*Not long afterwards...*
Ceobe: Little Cub's cookie was tasty.
Ceobe: But I'm still hungry...
Ceobe: Sorry Little Cub, I still want to go in.
Ceobe: Maybe I got found out because I was too excited.
Ceobe: I won't make the same mistake again!
Ceobe: Hm, let's see...
Ceobe: ......
Ceobe: (The only one by the door is the pretty lady at the counter.)
Ceobe: (The door is still open?!)
Ceobe: (Wow!)
Ceobe: (There's bread in that basket!)
Ceobe: (Smells so fresh!)
Ceobe: (I wanna eat it!)
Ceobe: Yummy yummy goodies, here I come!!
Ceobe: Ah.
Gitano: What is it? Where are you going?
Ceobe: (Oh no, I got caught!)
Ceobe: Ah...
Ceobe: Urk... Ahhh...
Ceobe: (What do I do?! What do I do?!)
Ceobe: (!)
Ceobe: I-I want to go to the toilet.
Gitano: This isn't the toilet. There's a sign over there, look for the one with the blue and pink people.
Ceobe: Oh, I see!
Ceobe: Thanks, pretty lady!
Gitano: No problem, don't make the same mistake next time.
Ceobe: Got it!
Ceobe: (Ahh, I'm lucky she didn't figure me out. I don't want Vulcan to get mad at me.)
Gitano: ......
Dur-nar: Gitano, the last dish is here.
Gitano: Ah, good job. This should go to the farthest corner where Noir Corne is.
Dur-nar: Alright...
Gitano: What's up?
Dur-nar: Nothing really, Gummy bit me.
Gitano: Ooh, I didn't know you two were THAT close.
Dur-nar: Don't joke about it, it hurts.
Gitano: Hm-hmm.
Gitano: Oh, right.
Dur-nar: Huh?
Gitano: Put two standard meal sets at the prep station near the kitchen door.
Dur-nar: To feed the Perro?
Gitano: I'm good.
Dur-nar: Sure, I'll tell the cooks.
Dur-nar: O-Owww...
Gitano: Maybe it'll go numb later?
Dur-nar: Please no. Spare me...
Gitano: I'm just joking~
Dur-nar: If you're joking, doesn't that mean I'm done for...
Gitano: Of course not.
Gitano: Go on, we can wrap up and have lunch soon.
Dur-nar: Okay...
Ceobe: I'll make it this time!
Ceobe: Let's see.
Ceobe: ......
Ceobe: There's no one there at all.
Ceobe: Even the pretty lady by the door is gone.
Ceobe: Yay!
Ceobe: Hah!
Ceobe: Hehe, the door is unlocked.
Ceobe: I'm going in!
Ceobe: Ohh! There really was food here!
Ceobe: How is the taste——
Ceobe: Wow, it's tasty!
Ceobe: So good!
Ceobe: Awawa.
Ceobe: Ah, I'm so happy I got to eat!
Ceobe: I better go home and finish taking care of my babies!
Ceobe: Hmm...
Ceobe: Just now, wasn't Little Cub's tummy rumbling?
Ceobe: Is she hungry because she gave her cookie to me?
Ceobe: Poor Little Cub...
Ceobe: Vulcan says that when people help you, you should pay it back double or triple or whatever's even more than those, I forgot! Fourple?
Ceobe: Anyway, Little Cub gave me a small cookie, so I should give her a really really really——big cookie.
Ceobe: Okay, I'll make it as soon as Vulcan gets back!
Ceobe: Now I need to go home and finish up my work.
*Ceobe's Room*
Ceobe: Hm...
Ceobe: Hmm...
Ceobe: Weapons are done.
Ceobe: The covers for the weapons and the bag are clean.
Ceobe: Just one last thing left.
Ceobe: Vulcan, please hurry back, so Little Cub won't be hungry anymore...
Ceobe: Who's there?
Vulcan: It's me.
Ceobe: Ah, Vulcan! I'll get the door!
Ceobe: You came back really early today.
Vulcan: Work went nice and smooth today, finished quick.
Vulcan: Can you let me see your maintenance work?
Ceobe: Okay, okay!
Ceobe: I just finished, the weapons are all neat on the table!
Vulcan: Great, I'll have a look.
Vulcan: ......
Ceobe: (I did it just like the pictures  .)
Ceobe: (I have to believe in myself!)
Ceobe: (I know I did it right!)
Ceobe: H-How is it?
Vulcan: The oil is applied very evenly.
Vulcan: (Vulcan lifts the weapon and sniffs it)
Vulcan: The right oils, too.
Vulcan: Oh?
Vulcan: You cleaned the sheaths?
Ceobe: Yup!
Vulcan: Good.
Vulcan: You did a good job.
Ceobe: Thanks, Vulcan!
Ceobe: Ehehe.
Vulcan: I'm going back to the workshop. Do you want to come along?
Ceobe: Mm!
*Vulcan's Workshop*
Vulcan: This is a good batch of material here.
Vulcan: Hope I can make something satisfying out of it.
Ceobe: (Go on, say it, say it! Little Cub is still starving!)
Ceobe: (B-But, I'm a little nervous...)
Ceobe: ......
Vulcan: What's wrong? Is there anything you want to tell me?
Ceobe: Oh, umm, well...
Vulcan: Yes.
Ceobe: Can you teach me how to make a big cookie?!
Vulcan: Oh? You want to make your own food, finally?
Ceobe: Y-Yeah!
Ceobe: Please, teach me quickly! Little Cub is gonna starve to death soon!
Vulcan: Little Cub... you mean... Gummy?
Ceobe: Ah, uhh, yeah!
Ceobe: Noon... Yeah, noon! I saw Little Cub at noon!
Ceobe: She gave me a really tasty cookie! So I want to give Little Cub an even bigger, even tastier one! But, I don't know how to make a cookie, and I don't know where Little Cub lives either, I-I——
Ceobe: So I, uhh, I——
Vulcan: I understand.
Ceobe: Vulcan, I——
Vulcan: You'll twist your tongue in a knot if you keep talking.
Ceobe: Sorry... I-I'm in a bit of a hurry...
Vulcan: Mm, alright.
Vulcan: Now, listen to me.
Ceobe: Alright...
Vulcan: I know where she lives.
Vulcan: I'll teach you how to make the treat, then bring you there.
Ceobe: Really?!
Vulcan: I'm always willing to teach if you're willing to learn.
Ceobe: I want to learn!
Vulcan: I happen to have some fermented dough here. Let's make a huge cookie, okay?
Ceobe: Okay!
Vulcan: How big do you want it to be?
Ceobe: The bigger the better!
Vulcan: Alright.
Vulcan: Help me clear the workspace. I'll get the fire going.
Ceobe: Got it!
Vulcan: Preparations are just about done.
Vulcan: Did you wash your hands, Kay?
Ceobe: Yup!
Ceobe: Wow, what's this?
Vulcan: Dough.
Ceobe: What should I do?
Vulcan: Simple, just knead the dough.
Vulcan: Just try it and see. I'll let you know if you're doing it wrong.
Ceobe: Kneading the dough...
Ceobe: Like this?
Vulcan: Yes, continue.
Vulcan: Don't be afraid to crush it, put some force into it.
Vulcan: Knead it for a few more minutes.
Vulcan: Alright, that should be enough. Spread it on the board.
Vulcan: Cut it in half with the knife.
Ceobe: Like this?
Vulcan: Yep.
Vulcan: Then press each half into a circle.
Vulcan: Correct.
Vulcan: We won't use any stuffing this time. I'll teach you how to prepare the stuffing and how to make pies when you're better at this.
Vulcan: You missed a spot here, yes, here.
Vulcan: Alright, not bad.
Vulcan: Take the dough on the board and put it into the oven.  Use these mitts for safety.
Ceobe: Okay.
Ceobe: On the rack in the oven?
Vulcan: Correct.
Ceobe: Okay——It's in!
Ceobe: Making cookies is so easy!
Ceobe: What else do I need to do?
Vulcan: Watch the time.
Ceobe: Ahh——
Ceobe: That's hard.
*Around ten minutes later...*
Vulcan: Kay.
Ceobe: Hm... hm?
Vulcan: It's time to take the cookie out.
Ceobe: It's time?!
Vulcan: Yes.
Ceobe: Ohhh!
Ceobe: Ah!
Vulcan: Wait!
Vulcan: Put these mitts on first.
Ceobe: R-Right!
Vulcan: Just place it on the table and it's done.
Ceobe: O——kay.
*sniff* *sniff*
Ceobe: It smells nice.
Ceobe: It must be really tasty.
Ceobe: Let me taste it.
Ceobe: (Ceobe breaks off a piece and chews it)
Vulcan: What do you think?
Ceobe: It's tasty!
Ceobe: Cookies are best when they're still hot.
Ceobe: I have to give this to Little Cub quickly.
Vulcan: I'll put it between these wooden boards, so it'll stay warm longer.
Vulcan: I'll guide you this time, but you have to go by yourself next time, got it?
Ceobe: Got it!
*Dormitories*
*Outside Gummy's Place*
Vulcan: We're here.
Ceobe: Got it!
Ceobe: (Ceobe rings the bell)
*Ding Dong*
???: Come in, the door is open!
Ceobe: (Ceobe pokes her head in)
Ceobe: Is Little Cub here?
Gummy: Hm?
Ceobe: There you are!
Gummy: Eh?
Ceobe: Hiya.
Ceobe: I ate your cookie earlier, so I got you a new one.
Ceobe: Vulcan taught me how to make it. It's fresh outta the oven.
Gummy: Isn't it... kinda big?
Ceobe: Hurry up and eat it before it gets cold.
Ceobe: Bye bye.
Vulcan: How did it go?
Ceobe: Little Cub looked very happy.
Vulcan: Oh? That's great.
Ceobe: Vulcan.
Vulcan: Huh?
Ceobe: Thank you!
Vulcan: Heh.
Vulcan: You don't have to thank me.
Vulcan: Learn to do it well and you can make cookies by yourself next time.
Vulcan: Who knows, you might even be able to make your own honey biscuits one day.
Ceobe: Wow, that sounds good!
Vulcan: Doesn't it?
Ceobe: But I think I'd still eat your honey biscuits, Vulcan  !
Vulcan: Really?
Ceobe: Yup!
Vulcan: Oh, that sounds good too.
Vulcan: Let's go back. We can't leave the fire alone for too long.
Vulcan: Besides, you haven't finished eating the other cookie yet.
Ceobe: Oh, right!
Ceobe: I was in such a rush to bring the cookie to Little Cub, I forgot my own.
Vulcan: That kind of cookie is fine for filling your stomach, but it still lacks a little something to make it really delicious.
Ceobe: ?!
Vulcan: Do you remember the meat sauce from last time?
Ceobe: Mm!
Vulcan: Want to dip your cookie in it?
Ceobe: Yes!
Vulcan: Let's go then.
Vulcan: I'm a little hungry too.
Ceobe: Got it!
Ceobe: Yummy goodies, here I come!
====================story_kroos_set_1_Kroos.xlsx====================
*One laid-back morning.*
*Rhodes Island Landship*
Fang: How did I let Kroos slip away again...?
Beagle: Don't be mad, Captain. Kroos isn't a bad girl.
Fang: I'm not mad.
Fang: It's just—I'm supervising her work, and every single time...
Beagle: She just wants to take it easy sometimes.
Fang: Next time, maybe you should be the one keeping an eye on her. It kind of feels like she listens to you more...
Beagle: It's not like I do anything special either. I just watch her work.
Beagle: If she needs my help, l help her, and she goes back to doing it herself after a while.
Fang: That's it?
Beagle: Yep, that's all I do.
Fang: Well, what can I say? I shouldn't have expected any less from you, Beagle.
Fang: I'm not sure why, but whenever she has half a mind to slack off, there is just no way I can keep her working...
Fang: Sometimes she's got a stomachache. Sometimes it's Instructor Dobermann calling for her, and I always just believe her.
Fang: And before I know it, she's gone.
*Sigh*...
Fang: Kroos!
Kroos: !
Fang: There you are.
Fang: You aren't getting away!
Fang: Beagle, head her off!
Beagle: Eh?
Beagle: O-Okay!
*Pant*.
Fang: Kroos, back to duty with me!
Kroos: (I'm just trying to take a short break!)
Fang: Stop right there!
Kroos: (Huh? Why is Fang getting faster and faster?!)
Kroos: (I gotta come up with something.)
Lens: 'Is there anything else you would like to listen to?'
Scene: Y e s . . .
Lens: 'Okay, Lens will look it up in the library.'
Kroos: (Is that Scene?)
Kroos: (Hm...)
Kroos: (Okay, let's give this a try.)
Kroos: Hello~
Lens: 'Oh, hello, Kroos.'
Kroos: Is it okay if I sit down next to you, Scene?
Lens: 'Ooh—'
Lens: 'Miss Scene says she doesn't mind. Go ahead!'
Kroos: Thanks~
*Pant*—
Lens: 'You look pretty tired.'
Kroos: I mean, there's a Kuranta chasing me~
Fang: Kroos!
Lens: 'Oh, I can hear her now. It's Fang.'
Kroos: We're actually playing hide-and-seek right now.
Kroos: And after she found me, it kind of turned into a race~
Kroos: Hey, Lens. Help me out, will you?
Lens: 'Ooh—'
Scene: Y e s . . .
Lens: 'Miss Scene says it sounds very interesting. Lens will therefore be providing all the assistance you need, Kroos.'
Kroos: Thanks~
Lens: 'However, I can't guarantee that Fang won't recognize you.'
Kroos: Well, if she catches me, I guess she'll have rightfully earned her victory~
Lens: 'If you say so—'
*Beep* *beep*!
*Bzzt*—*Bzzt*—*Bzzt*—
*Chime*!
Kroos: (Oh, have these buggies been here the whole time? I didn't even notice.)
*Beep* *beep*!
*Bzzt*—!
*Chime* *Chime*!
Fang: I know she hopped in here for sure.
Fang: Just where is she?
Fang: She's getting way too good at hiding...
Lens: ......
Scene: ......
Kroos: ......
Fang: If I was Kroos...
Fang: I'd be—
Fang: Right around—
Kroos: ......
Beagle: Fang—I saw Kroos run toward the cafeteria!
Fang: Great, I'll be right there!
Kroos: —
Kroos: Phew—
Lens: 'Congratulations, Kroos. It looks like you're still hidden.'
Kroos: I've seen the way Scene hides on missions before.
Kroos: It's so amazing~
Lens: 'Lens uses a revolutionary new camouflage technique that combines stealth and optical refraction technologies, among others, to satisfy Miss Scene's needs.'
Scene: ......
Lens: 'I'm sorry, Miss Scene. Lens forgot to put on music for you.'
Lens: 'And without further ado—'
Kroos: Ha—This slaps.
Kroos: Is it okay if I chill here for a little bit, too?
Scene: Y e s . . .
Lens: 'Sure thing!'
Kroos: By the way, what are you doing here, Scene?
Lens: 'Miss Scene is brainstorming ideas for her next piece.'
Lens: 'She may look like she's spacing out, but make no mistake. She's thinking.'
Lens: 'And while she has her thinking cap on, it is Lens's job to play music and deliver food to her.'
Kroos: Isn't there anyone chasing her down, trying to get her to work?
Lens: 'Let's see—Not according to Lens's records.'
Lens: 'If anyone tried to, Lens would activate these camouflage techniques. No one would be able to find her.'
Kroos: Sounds so nice~
Kroos: I wish I could live like Scene does.
Lens: 'I believe Miss Scene said something similar before.'
Lens: 'Something along the lines of, 'I wish I could live the way Cautuses do—' Something like that.'
Kroos: What's so nice about us Cautuses?
Kroos: It's very exhausting~
Kroos: Ever since I was young, everyone's always told me that Cautuses are meant to be more energetic, and that I shouldn't be so lazy.
Kroos: But all I ever wanna do is clear my mind and lay on the couch the whole day.
Kroos: Doesn't that sound wonderful~
Scene: Y e s . . .
Lens: 'What Miss Scene is saying is you can make your own decisions, and that is a joy in itself.'
Kroos: Huh?
Lens: 'Let's use Lens as an analogy.'
Lens: 'Lens is able to take photos very quickly. Through the use of my system's auxiliary operations, Lens is capable of snapping photos of running Kuranta and storing those photos in my album without issues.'
Lens: 'But Miss Scene can't do that.'
Lens: 'Even when she's photographing people, Miss Scene takes a very long time, almost like she's sketching.'
Lens: 'That's why Miss Scene is a good scenery photographer. She's not good at it because she likes taking photos of landscapes.'
Lens: 'She wants to take photos of everything, but, most of the time, she's only able to take photos of still objects. Only they have the patience to wait until she's done without moving.'
Lens: 'And that's what Lens meant.'
Lens: 'You don't like to move, but if you put your mind to it, you can still be pretty agile.'
Kroos: Hm, maybe~?
Lens: 'Both Lens and Click have edited operational records of your missions, Kroos.'
Lens: 'You usually just hang out around the destination, but once an order comes, you always head towards the new destination quickly. That makes you no different from the other Cautuses.'
Kroos: That's just because I could die if I mess up~
Kroos: Missions are hard~
Lens: 'Without Lens, Miss Scene wouldn't even be able to move to the next location.'
Lens: 'Lens believes there's a difference between can't do and don't want to do.'
Kroos: Yes...
Lens: 'There are too many things that we can't do, so let's do the things that we can do the best we can.'
Lens: 'This is something that Scene told Lens before.'
Lens: 'Of course, Miss Scene may be able to do fewer things, but the things that she can do, she does with relative ease.'
Lens: 'In your case, Lens supposes you probably focus on putting your energy where it matters because you know your limits?'
Kroos: Oh, that might be it~
Lens: 'Looks like Lens's deduction is correct.'
Kroos: But it could also be because I don't wanna work.
Lens: 'Lens believes in you, Miss Kroos.'
*Bzzzzt*—
Kroos: What's wrong?
Lens: 'Oh, sorry about that. The reception here isn't very good.'
Lens: 'The motivational r-routine that Lens s-selected to inspire you had a few e-errors.'
Kroos: Ugh...?
Lens: 'It looks like y-you w-w-w—'
Lens: —
Kroos: Eh?
Kroos: Lens?
Lens: —
Kroos: (The buggies stopped moving too.)
Kroos: (Did they break down?)
Scene: —!
Kroos: Scene, are you trying to say something?
Scene: M m—
Kroos: Take your time~ I'm listening~
Scene: M m e h—
Scene: E h h—
Kroos: Let me guess~
Kroos: Oh, is it—Mayer?
Scene: U m m—
Kroos: Gotcha. I'll look for Mayer. You stay here to look after Lens.
Kroos: I won't be long~
Kroos: See ya~
Scene: U m m—
Scene: Y a—
Beagle: I'm sorry, Fang, I got mixed up and went after the wrong person.
Fang: You know, there's quite a bit of difference between Leonhardt and Kroos...
Fang: Even if they're both Cautuses...
Beagle: I'm so sorry! I should've been more careful!
Fang: It's fine. Let's look for her again. If we don't find her, we'll have to ask Meteor or Gitano for help.
Fang: Kroos isn't going to get away.
Beagle: It kind of seems like she's got your full attention today, Captain.
Beagle: You usually turn a blind eye, but you seem really mad this time.
Fang: I'm not mad.
Fang: You know what Kroos said when she ran away?
Beagle: What?
Fang: She said today's the anniversary of me becoming our leader, so she was going to pick out a present for me.
Beagle: Isn't that a good thing?
Fang: She never came back, in the end. I didn't even realize until you returned to the dorm.
Beagle: Is today really the anniversary?
Fang: It is...
Beagle: Then that's really mean of her.
Beagle: I'll give her a good scolding myself.
Fang: Good.
Beagle: Oh, right. Captain, happy anniversary!
Fang: Oh, yeah. Thanks.
Beagle: Eh?
Beagle: Was that Kroos just now?
Beagle: I hope I'm not seeing things again...
Fang: No, that's Kroos alright.
Fang: Looks like she's in a hurry.
Fang: Come. Let's go take a look.
Beagle: Okay.
*Mayer's Room, a.k.a. 'Lutra Workshop'*
Kroos: This should be it~
Kroos: (Isn't this an automatic door? Why isn't it opening?)
Kroos: Mayer, are you home~?
Kroos: (Ohh—)
Kroos: (The door's broken.)
Kroos: (Is it this button here?)
Kroos: Mayer~
Kroos: I need a favor. Is it okay~?
Kroos: May— *cough*...
Mayer: Hm? Need me?
Mayer: Ehh, my ventilation fan is on. Why is it so strong over here?
Mayer: I'm painting right now. Why don't you step outside first?
Mayer: Let me finish up here. I'll be right with you!
Kroos: Okay, *cough* *cough*.
*cough*.
Kroos: Phew—
Mayer: Here I am!
Mayer: So, what's up?
Mayer: If you just want some quick repairs, you should try Engineering. I don't think I'll be much help.
*cough*, actually...
Mayer: Oh—Lens is dead? Shouldn't you get Closure then?
Kroos: Scene thought you'd be better~
Mayer: Okay, sure.
Mayer: You're in luck today. I don't have anything in that much of a rush. Otherwise, you'd have come all this way for nothing.
Mayer: Keep in mind, though, if those A.I. things with the four wheels run into problems, you should try Closure first.
Kroos: Okay~
Mayer: Let's go, then.
Fang: Mmm——
Beagle: Looks like Kroos is actually busy!
Fang: Let's go back.
Beagle: Huh? We don't need to follow her anymore?
Fang: If she's actually busy, then let's not get in the way.
Fang: We'll clean up Kroos's mess for her and get something to eat.
Beagle: Right!
Kroos: Here we are~
Mayer: Hey, slow down. I haven't had breakfast...
Kroos: Scene~
Scene: Y e s . . .
Kroos: Lens?
Lens: 'Why, hello, Kroos.'
Lens: 'Oh, you're here too, Mayer. Welcome!'
Mayer: She looks alright to me.
Kroos: Uh... hm?
Lens: 'Lens actually rebooted not long after you left.'
Lens: 'Lens sometimes runs into problems with certain functions. It isn't uncommon for Lens to reboot.'
Kroos: Then...
Lens: 'Oh, you mean what Miss Scene was trying to say? She was trying to tell you that it's okay.'
Lens: 'She takes a liiiittle while to get her words out, so she might've given you the wrong impression.'
Kroos: Aha, guess I misunderstood~
Scene: Y e s . . .
Mayer: Well, guess I came all the way here for nothing.
Lens: 'Sorry about that, Miss Mayer. Lens is doing very well.'
Mayer: Well, let me take a look...
Mayer: Doesn't seem like there's anything wrong on the outside.
Mayer: You said you crashed just now, right?
Lens: 'That's right.'
Mayer: Then that should be a problem with the system.
Mayer: You said it yourself. You reboot often, right?
Lens: Y e s.
Mayer: Closure didn't try to fix that for you?
Lens: 'Closure has already ordered replacement parts for Lens. It won't be long before Lens receives an upgrade.'
Mayer: Oh? Ohh—
Mayer: So those parts were for you, huh?
Mayer: I visited that dungeon of hers yesterday. She was working for the better part of the day.
Mayer: She said it was some kind of 'advanced component used in extreme circumstances to be installed on a high-end mobile photography platform.'
Mayer: So she meant you, huh?
Mayer: Well, this is perfect. Let's go pay Closure a visit now. We'll take care of this problem of yours.
Mayer: That way, you won't find yourself freezing up or having to install OS updates while you're out on a mission.
Lens: 'Thank you very much, Mayer.'
Lens: 'But Lens is afraid it takes Miss Scene a while to get around too. Lens will walk with Miss Scene, so we likely won't be able to come with you straight to Closure's.'
Kroos: I'll walk her there~
Kroos: Is that okay, Scene~?
Scene: Y e s—
Lens: 'If that's what Miss Scene says...'
Mayer: Okay, let's get going, then. Get it over with quickly, and I'll get to go to bed early. I have lots of work to get done tomorrow.
Lens: 'Oh, Mayer, please don't push me around like that!'
Scene: Y e a h—!
Kroos: Don't worry, Miss Mayer's just a little impatient~
Kroos: Let's just take our time and walk there slowly~
Kroos: I know the way~
Scene: Y e s . . .
*Reserve Op Team A1 Dormitory*
Kroos: I'm back~
Fang: Oh.
Beagle: Welcome back.
Kroos: Fang, here's some dessert I picked up for you~
Kroos: Happy anniversary!
Beagle: Wow, muffins!
Fang: Thanks.
Fang: Leave them on the table. We'll share them tomorrow.
Kroos: Okay~
Kroos: Is anyone using the bathroom~
Beagle: We're going to bed. It's all yours.
Kroos: Okay~
Beagle: See, Fang? Kroos actually worked all day.
Beagle: She even bought you a present.
Fang: Yeah.
Fang: I wasn't trying to reprimand her, you know.
Fang: If she really wants to take a break, all she has to do is tell me. I'm not going to say no.
Fang: It's just the way she goes about makes me kinda upset sometimes.
Beagle: Kroos is too shy to actually say it. She's actually really thoughtful.
Fang: I kind of think she's just toying with me.
Beagle: Well, she's really close with you.
Beagle: Kroos doesn't do that to most people.
*Sigh*... I'd rather she treated me a little more normal...
Fang: Let's go to bed. We have training first thing tomorrow morning.
Fang: Be sure to wake Kroos up. She looked pretty tired when she got back. She just might not get up on her own.
Fang: If she oversleeps, Instructor Dobermann...
Beagle: Relax, Fang, I'll drag her there if I have to.
Fang: I hope so...
Fang: Whatever, not gonna worry too much about it.
Fang: Bedtime now.
Fang: Good night.
Beagle: Good night, Captain.
====================story_medic2_set_1_Lancet-2.xlsx====================
*05:30 A.M. \ Overcast*
Lancet-2: Good evening, Doctor.
Lancet-2: Of course, by the strictest definition, it's not evening anymore.
Lancet-2: You appear exhausted. My sensors indicate that you have not entered a state of deep sleep for at least twenty hours—and occasionally dozing off certainly cannot be counted.
Option_1: No way about it. Too many files.
Option_2: ...Tired.
Option_3: Who made me the Doctor of Rhodes Island, huh?!
Lancet-2: Your work is exceptionally important, Doctor, but it's as they say. Proper rest guarantees sustainable work.
Lancet-2: All members of the Medical Department see the same way on this. That is why they frequently send me to accompany you, Doctor.
Lancet-2: Um... although, aside from daily monitoring of your physiological state, there's not much more I can do.
Option_1: I'm in pretty good health.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: ...Sorry for the hassle.
Lancet-2: Doctor, I noticed... the mug by your right hand.
Lancet-2: Your attempts to hide it behind the files are meaningless. Ms. Closure did not add an olfactory module to me, but my image analysis very rarely makes mistakes.
Lancet-2: It's still piping hot... Doctor, you poured yourself that mug in secret just now.
Lancet-2: Fifteen minutes ago, you were already on your fourth mug, weren't you?
Lancet-2: Occasional intake of stimulants to the central nervous system can be beneficial, but considering that it is almost morning, I suggest you... drink coffee.
Option_1: Hm?
Lancet-2: My sensors indicated just now that your heartrate is rather higher than average, as are your adrenaline levels.
Lancet-2: Therefore... drink more coffee.
Lancet-2: Um? What happened to me just now... Is this a slip of the tongue everyone normally makes? So robots can also have tongue slips...
Lancet-2: In short, Doctor, please pay more mind to your rest, or else a Medical Department operator will lecture you again. As for your coffee... drink it.
Lancet-2: ......
Lancet-2: ...! Aaah! ......!! ...drink coffee!
Lancet-2: Ohh...
Lancet-2: This is terrible. How could this happen to me? Doctor, can I ask that you... drink coffee?
Option_1: Alright. I was planning to do just that.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: Sounds like your logic's gone kinda wrong?
Lancet-2: Just where is this issue occurring...? My intent was to dissuade you, Doctor...
Lancet-2: Is it my logic module? Or language...
Lancet-2: Ohh... I've gone pathological... I can't even get something as minor as this right...
Engineering Operator: Hey. Doctor, huh? You're up real early.
Engineering Operator: And here I was moping about my third morning shift this week... seeing you so active, I feel a little more awake.
Engineering Operator: Anything I can help with?
Option_1: Lancet-2 seems to be having issues.
Engineering Operator: Hm?
Lancet-2: Ohh... my language module's broken.
Engineering Operator: Jeez, is that right? Well, you don't see that every day.
Engineering Operator: Don't you get system checkups every week with Engineering? Last one was yesterday, wasn't it? Or was it the day before?
Engineering Operator: You were all fine then. Closure made sure of it herself. She's the boss.
Engineering Operator: What would cause a random malfunction?
Lancet-2: I do not know either... I have heard the model of robot I am typically has a ten year service lifespan.
Lancet-2: Currently, I'm only two years, three months and five days.
Engineering Operator: Uh... no need to be so nervous?
Engineering Operator: To tell the truth, even when we're all retired early from overwork, you should still be as youthful as ever.
Lancet-2: Thank you for the consolation, even if I know it's only out of kindness.
Option_1: ...An inspection ASAP, then?
Engineering Operator: I'm nowhere near my boss's level, for sure...
Engineering Operator: But this one's a little too simple, isn't it?! It's just an ad-hoc silencer module. And someone did a real sloppy job of sticking it on your back. The angle's crooked, even.
Lancet-2: A silencer module? I have never heard of such a module.
Engineering Operator: Oh, only the old operators at Engineering would know about this. Way back when Closure was overhauling your operation platforms, your, uh, language libraries had some issues.
Option_1: What issues?
Engineering Operator: Ahem. Somebody carelessly input a collection of top swears from all over Terra into Castle-3.
Option_1: It's kind of hard to picture that.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: You sure that was carelessness?
Engineering Operator: They were a little too comprehensive. We reassembled the expletive content in the processing module, and a complete deletion requires some time.
Engineering Operator: So in the interim, we came up with these little modules. Using 'em's a cinch. Just turn it on like this, get up close, get the current flowing—
Engineering Operator: And any words you don't want people hearing get jammed into inaudible frequencies.
Engineering Operator: That way, effectiveness of expression might've suffered for the time being, but at least we could avoid Castle-3 generating unnecessary complaints from certain other departments.
Engineering Operator: Put it this way: ever since then, Rhodes Island has had a lot of little kiddos aboard, haha.
Lancet-2: Ah... Though, well... why did this module end up on me?
Lancet-2: I am able to guarantee that there are no words which should not exist within my language library. I ran a self-test on myself just thirty seconds ago.
Engineering Operator: Because your silencer isn't targeting any kind of swears.
Engineering Operator: Hm... seems someone entered the phrase 'do not' to the list. That checks out with what you just described, Doctor, right?
Option_1: Lancet-2 definitely wanted to tell me 'do not drink coffee.'
Engineering Operator: Yeah, hold up, I just noticed something on the back of the module... a piece of chewing gum?
Engineering Operator: Someone sneaked a module out of our place, set up new target vocab, then used gum to stick it to Lancet-2?
Engineering Operator: Real smart. Real easy mod, and one that'd sure as hell kick in. Question is, who'd do this?
Lancet-2: Doctor, there's something I've been declining to mention.
Lancet-2: In the Engineering Department just earlier, I sensed the presence of a third person.
Option_1: Aren't we three people?
Lancet-2: Doctor, I'm very happy that you count me along with you, but I unfortunately mean a third human.
Aciddrop: ......
Aciddrop: Hah, yeah, I'm busted.
Lancet-2: Greetings, Operator Aciddrop.
Lancet-2: Though what I detected earlier didn't seem to be... oh, never mind. It doesn't matter.
Lancet-2: Oh, right, your checkup today is still pending. Please wait a moment. Once I have reconfirmed the Doctor's data, I will perform your scan for you.
Lancet-2: Additionally, please do not utilize your skateboard within living areas. It's still early, and you will be liable to disturb other operators.
Lancet-2: On the off-chance that a collision occurs, you may bring about further unnecessary bodily harm.
Aciddrop: ...Guess you're running regular again.
Lancet-2: Hm?
Lancet-2: Doctor, I'm not sure whether my understanding is faulty, but Operator Aciddrop seems to be implying that...
Option_1: She's probably the one.
Lancet-2: Operator Aciddrop, was it you that adhered a silencer module to me?
Aciddrop: ......
Aciddrop: Yeah, I guess it was.
Aciddrop: I did the deed.
Lancet-2: Judging from your configuration of the silencer's targeting, do you not wish for me to direct the words 'do not' at you?
Aciddrop: How do I lay it out...?
Aciddrop: I'm used to living free, see, nobody on my back. So types like you... uh, kinda jam me up a little.
Lancet-2: Oh, am I being bothersome? I'm sorry, it's never my intent to rouse such negative emotions.
Lancet-2: Operator Aciddrop, ever since your arrival at Rhodes Island, your condition has been gradually stabilizing.
Lancet-2: I'll report to Dr. Kal'tsit that we can reduce your checkup frequency.
Aciddrop: ...Not really what I meant.
Lancet-2: Alright, I understand.
Lancet-2: Operator Aciddrop, it's not checkups that you feel are bothersome, but rather myself, correct?
Lancet-2: This isn't a difficult problem to address.
Lancet-2: Medical Department staff may all be very busy, but they care very much about the health and vitality of our operators, especially those of younger age who have just recently arrived. I can simply request them to assign someone else to your checkups.
Option_1: You sound a little hurt, Lancet-2.
Lancet-2: Not at all, Doctor. Please do not mislead our new operators. I'm only a robot, after all, and would never feel any sort of grievance.
Lancet-2: Ohh, now that I look at it, I really do tend to tell people not to do things...
Aciddrop: Don't say that.
Lancet-2: Oh?
Aciddrop: I don't wanna get someone different.
Aciddrop: You're good. What's wrong with robots? Robots are rad as hell, right.
Lancet-2: ...Thank you.
Aciddrop: Uh, it's like, how do I put it...?
Aciddrop: It's not like I'm saying you're annoying, even though having someone constantly up in your grill is, uh, kinda annoying, but that's 'cause you, like, care about me, right? I do get that, yeah.
Lancet-2: In that case, Operator Aciddrop, what bother do you mean...?
Aciddrop: If I have to put it some way, man, I feel like a total mess... like I kinda, uh, miss home? It's not like I MISS that whole place, but... ugh, it's a mess, yeah? It's just a freaking mess!
Aciddrop: I admit it! It's not even cool, is it? I know it's not cool! Say whatever you want, I don't care!
Lancet-2: ......
Aciddrop: C'mon, why aren't you saying anything?
Aciddrop: Every time you're like 'do not' this, 'do not' that, you make me think of someone... dunno how the hell that old geezer's doing now.
Lancet-2: Doctor, do I sound very old?
Lancet-2: I only have two years of factual age, and per certain young operators' feedback, Closure selected a voice for me that should sound proximal to their ages. Does it not?
Aciddrop: Haha, I'm not saying you're old.
Aciddrop: It's just how you say things sometimes.
Aciddrop: The old man used to really like harping on at me. Man, don't go skating there, it's dangerous. Don't be running around the block too late. Don't get too close to this or that...
Aciddrop: ...Made me feel like my ears were gonna start shedding.
Lancet-2: Ah, I more or less see the picture now.
Lancet-2: Operator Aciddrop, you feel that I'm constantly nagging.
Lancet-2: Ohh... It really isn't a charming mannerism at all... but whenever I see you utilizing your skateboard in the corridors, I just can't help but analyze the possibility of injury.
Lancet-2: And within a period where your condition has not been better stabilized, excessive exercise can lead to the elevation of certain risk indicators...
Aciddrop: I dig, I dig. You're looking out for us, yeah.
Aciddrop: Honestly, it's kind of a weird feeling. Thinking about it now, like, back then it'd tick me off, and now I don't even get to hear it.
Lancet-2: Operator Aciddrop, are you reminiscing about the past?
Aciddrop: Reminiscing, huh... Kinda tough to say I am, I guess. It ends up kinda lame, y'know, always thinking about the past and whatever.
Aciddrop: Hey. Rhodes Island's a pretty solid place. It's got radical robots like you, too. Haha.
*Sigh*.
Aciddrop: I'm sorry.
Lancet-2: Um, are you apologizing to me, Operator Aciddrop?
Aciddrop: I'll try to stop skating in some places. That's what you want, right?
Aciddrop: I was just kinda talking crap yesterday, and E... uh, said there was something real fun I could try playing with.
Aciddrop: At first I didn't actually think it'd work, and then when I heard you telling me in your normal voice to go to bed too late, it felt... a little awkward, deep down. Super awkward.
Aciddrop: It was pretty wack. I mean, freedom is freedom... but I didn't feel any more relaxed. Actually just felt even more messed up.
Aciddrop: Basically, I was wrong to do this.
Aciddrop: And now you've busted me. What's my sentence? Do I get detention?
Lancet-2: Oh, Rhodes Island has no custom of arbitrary detention. Besides, this isn't that big of a problem, is it?
Lancet-2: Operator Aciddrop, in your hometown, convenient modification of otherwise inconvenient machines was quite a common sight, wasn't it?
Lancet-2: I've seen it in your files. Both your hand crossbow and your skateboard have been through a certain degree of modification.
Aciddrop: No, that's twisted.
Aciddrop: You're not that kinda machine.
Lancet-2: Hm?
Option_1: As in, you're more than an ordinary machine.
Option_2: I'm guessing she sees Lancet-2 as a friend?
Lancet-2: Then that's all the less to worry about. As I view it, it's only a tiny, harmless prank.
Aciddrop: Does it count as a prank?
Lancet-2: A practical joke between friends conducted with mutual understanding. In my judgment, this meets the definition of a prank. Of course, robots cannot actually understand any sort of comedy.
Lancet-2: Doctor, what do you think?
Option_1: Haha.
Lancet-2: As you see, even the Doctor laughed. This proves that it truly is a prank, correct?
Lancet-2: As it is a prank, I believe Dr. Kal'tsit and Amiya won't need to know about this. As of now, I have already resumed normal operation, and the Engineering Department will not save any files or data on an issue as minor as this.
Aciddrop: Huh. Thanks.
Aciddrop: You really are a—super-rad—friend.
Aciddrop: 'Kay. See ya 'round.
Lancet-2: Er, please don't utilize your skateboard in the corridors—
Lancet-2: Doctor, I have a question.
Lancet-2: Do you also believe me to be a nag?
Option_1: Not at all. You're right to say what you do.
Option_2: Just the tiniest little bit.
Lancet-2: Whenever you particularly want to drink coffee, I always advise against your continued consumption of it. Hearing it constantly does tend to be a bother, doesn't it?
Lancet-2: Compared to one that always says 'do not,' I'm sure you'd much prefer a robot at your side that automatically serves you coffee when you want it—that would be far more obedient of a machine.
Lancet-2: In that case, I ought to seek out Closure to decrease the frequency at which I say 'do not,' shouldn't I?
Lancet-2: But that would be mutually incompatible with my intended purpose.
Lancet-2: I am a medical robot. My purpose lies in ensuring the robust health of everyone at Rhodes Island.
Lancet-2: And what I speak, you don't always listen to. It goes for Closure, too. She's just like you, Doctor. Constant overtime work, and an unhealthy diet.
Lancet-2: If my nagging was undesirable, I wouldn't have been designed with this function, would I?
Lancet-2: Ohhh... I don't understand... There's a contradiction in logic here.
Option_1: It's not a contradiction.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: It's because that's who you are, Lancet-2.
Lancet-2: Is it not contradictory? This is just me? My nagging self?
Lancet-2: If any of you don't like it, you can always change these behavioral habits of mine.
Option_1: I don't want you to change.
Option_2: Closure doesn't want you to change.
Option_3: Not even Aciddrop wants you to change.
Lancet-2: Alright. Maybe I don't understand your meaning at all, Doctor. But it's likely you're comforting me, so thank you.
Lancet-2: Hi, Doctor. Nice to see you again.
Option_1: Good morning, Lancet-2.
Lancet-2: Good morning.
Lancet-2: I see you rested at the appropriate time last night, and that is truly wonderful.
Lancet-2: Doctor, are you here to observe Operator Aciddrop's training too? This is the first time she's taken part in morning drills. Oh, and Operators Ethan and Vigna are also training alongside her.
Lancet-2: Not that I know why, but I feel today's instructors are especially strict. The rate at which I consume disinfectant fluid has risen dramatically.
Ethan: Huff... pff...
Ethan: You all monsters or something?! How the hell do you see me here?!
Aciddrop: Rhodes Island training is this tough, huh...
Vigna: Even I'm...
Vigna: I'm serious, did either of you do something wild and get caught?!
Lancet-2: So full of energy.
Lancet-2: It seems as if their excess activity actually works to their benefit... Perhaps I really am able to lower my frequency of 'do not' now.
Melantha: Lancet-2, something's on your back.
Lancet-2: Um... um?!
Melantha: It's bright green, a very pretty color. Um, I think it's graffiti.
Lancet-2: Graffiti, is it...? How fortunate it's not anything else. I do worry about having issues crop up again.
Lancet-2: Come to mention it, I wonder what this means... let's scan and see.
Lancet-2: Hm? It's Columbian slang? My language library has no phrases that match it.
Option_1: You might call them words of praise.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: A prank between friends, you could say.
Lancet-2: Are they really kind words? I'm not too certain...
Lancet-2: But in any case, they're quite pretty, aren't they? And Miss Melantha said so too.
Lancet-2: So, for the time being, I'll accept them.
====================story_melan_set_1_Melantha.xlsx====================
*10：30p.m.*
*Outside the Rhodes Island Training Room*
Logistics Operator: Why are the lights in the training room still on at this hour?
Logistics Operator: Is someone in there? Woah... talk about a workaholic.
Logistics Operator: Ah, Melantha, good evening! You're hard-working as ever.
Melantha: Hello.
Logistics Operator: Did you just finish training? It's so late... Doesn't it seem like the Reserve Team's training sessions have been running later and later?
Logistics Operator: I'm glad that everyone is motivated, but your health should always come first.
Melantha: Ah, um... thanks...
Melantha: It's okay though. Instructor Fallon has been managing my training regimen, so there won't be any accidents.
Logistics Operator: I see. Oh, right, have you had dinner yet?
Melantha: Not yet... But it's fine, please don't worry about me...
Logistics Operator: C'mon, don't be like that, you know how important it is to get your three meals!
Logistics Operator: But that's easier said than done... The cafeteria might already be out of hot food, so if you want something fresh, you'll probably have to cook it yourself.
Logistics Operator: Is that something you can handle? Or, tell you what, how about I help out?
Melantha: I...
Dobermann: What's going on here? You two are blocking the way.
Logistics Operator: Oh, Instructor Dobermann!
Melantha: Instructor Dobermann! Franka!
Franka: Hey girly~ Long time no see~
Dobermann: I didn't know you had so much time to make small talk, Klin. I assume you're already done with your work for the week?
Dobermann: And what's more, you're offering to help cook for someone? Last time I checked, you still couldn't tell sugar from salt.
Logistics Operator: Ahaha, c'mon now, Instructor Dobermann, there's no need to rub salt in the wound, right?
Dobermann: Just a reminder, Binns was looking for you a moment ago.
Logistics Operator: Ehh? In that case, I'll be getting back to work then. Don't want to cause trouble, y'know. See you around, ahaha...!
Logistics Operator: Please don't tell the boss you saw me here!
Dobermann: ......
Franka: Hahaha! You Rhodes Island folk are so funny!
Dobermann: Embarrassing. Can't believe that guy's still acting like this... What a joke.
Dobermann: Melantha, Klin didn't do anything rude, did he? He's not a bad guy, but he is damn glib... If he's bothering you, feel free to ignore him.
Melantha: N-No, he was very nice.
Dobermann: Well, I guess that's fine then.
Franka: Of course. I'd be on my best behavior too if I bumped into such a cute li'l lady~
Melantha: Eh? Huh?
Dobermann: Stop it, you.
Franka: What?
Dobermann: Belay that evil laugh. I don't want you spooking my trainees.
Franka: Oh my...
Franka: Instructor, you're the domineering type, aren't you? Mel, is she always this controlling?
Melantha: M-Mel? Um... N-No, Instructor Dobermann is very nice...
Melantha: She may be strict, but I've always thought...
Franka: Do you hear that? She's complimenting you, you absolute stud. Does that make you happy?
Dobermann: Ahem.
Dobermann: Enough joking around. Melantha, Fallon's already talked to you about the Reserve Op Team's formation this time around, right?
Dobermann: After talking things over, we decided to make you the captain. If Reserve Op Team A4 has no issues with it, I'll bring you the paperwork that needs to be signed tomorrow.
Franka: So, let me in on a little secret. How many Reserve Op Teams do you guys have?
Dobermann: What makes you think I'd tell you that?
Franka: What's wrong with asking, on the off-chance your lips were feeling a little loose?
Dobermann: ......
Franka: Trust me, I'm just a little curious. For an organization like Blacksteel, Rhodes Island could cultivate all the reserve teams it wants and we wouldn't feel threatened.
Franka: Makes sense that you'd prefer to train up your own teams than rely on outsiders. I get it.
Franka: Oh, but, you Reserve Team kids look like you've got some troubles.
Dobermann: Hm?
Dobermann: What is it, Melantha? Did you want to say something?
Melantha: Um, Instructor...
Melantha: I...
Melantha: Is there not even any bread left...?
Melantha: (Admittedly, things ended up running a bit too late today, but there's no way around it...)
Melantha: (The staff left a long time ago, and I couldn't possibly trouble others over something like this... Maybe I'll just bear it for the night and go to sleep earlier...)
*Sigh*...
???: What's wrong? Why are you standing here sighing all by yourself?
Melantha: Eep!
Cardigan: Hwah!
Cardigan: Wh-Wh-Wh-What is it?! You scared me!
Melantha: Oh... Merry, it's you.
Cardigan: Ehehe, that it is~
Cardigan: What are you doing over here? It's long past dinnertime, isn't it?
Cardigan: Oh, lemme guess, you haven't even eaten dinner yet? Are you hungry? Adnachiel made a whole bunch of sweets, and I was just looking for you! Let's eat together!
Cardigan: Oh right, right! There must be some good news since the Instructor kept you extra long today, right? Steward said you're gonna be our captain, is that true? And Steward also said—
Cardigan: —Gah!! Ah crap, I was supposed to keep that a secret!
Melantha: ......
Cardigan: Well, whatever, I already spilled the beans. Not like you can keep something this exciting under wraps anyway! So, is it true? I sure hope it's true!
Melantha: Um... Merry, do you think I can handle it?
Melantha: Instructor, I think... I'm not qualified to be the captain of Reserve Op Team A4.
Melantha: I'm very sorry...
Melantha: I hope Instructor Fallon and Instructor Dobermann will reconsider...
Franka: Woah, now I didn't expect this.
Franka: The girl says she can't do it. What do you think?
Dobermann: ......
Franka: You're not gonna say anything? C'mon, why do all you serious types have to be so stuffy?
Franka: Hey, Mel, who do you think is qualified to lead the team then?
Melantha: Well, Steward thinks things through a lot better.
Melantha: During the last mock battle, we made three mistakes. Steward was the one who made up for them behind the scenes and won us a good final result. Everyone trusts him.
Melantha: Ansel always pays close attention to our health, and he can often judge how we're doing and prepare appropriate measures even if we don't tell him anything.
Melantha: Adnachiel, um, though I still can't tell what he's thinking, whenever we need firepower, he's always able to identify the needs of each teammate and launch attacks from the most suitable position.
Melantha: Merry... Um, Cardigan, is energetic but not reckless. She always pays close attention to protecting the other members of the team during battle. Our formations are often centered around her.
Melantha: I think all of them have what it takes to be a great captain!
Dobermann: ......
Dobermann: You know, everything you just said right now, is exactly what...
Dobermann: ...Actually, never mind. I'll let you figure it out for yourself.
Dobermann: In any case, I won't rescind our decision for the time being. We have our own decision-making process.
Melantha: But, Instructor!
Dobermann: Let's set this conversation aside for now. I recommend that you think this over carefully, ideally talk to the rest of the team, and then give me your answer tomorrow.
Dobermann: We won't interfere with your judgment. Whether you're fit for the job, whether you can do it or not, these are things that you have to decide for yourself.
Dobermann: However, I will ask you this one question.
Dobermann: Operator Melantha, what made you decide to go into combat?
Melantha: I...
*I am familiar with the delicate and the aromatic.*
*I am familiar with the clear afternoon sun, the glistening of glass bottles, the rippling of smooth velvet, as well as other elegant, civilized niceties.*
*Of course I am familiar with these things, because this is how I spent much of my life.*
*But, I am not familiar with the blood-soaked battlefield.*
*Why did I step onto it?*
*Why did I choose to face such perils and assume such a heavy burden?*
*What is it...*
*What is it that I wanted?*
Melantha: Merry, I... am I cut out to be an operator?
Cardigan: What the hell are you talking about?!
Melantha: Huh? M-M-Merry, w-wait, calm down!
Melantha: Wait, the table— Merry, stop pounding the table!
Cardigan: What's important right now... isn't the freaking table!
Cardigan: What do you mean 'cut out?' Melantha, why are you down on yourself? You're obviously the best, the cream of the crop!
Melantha: Please don't say that, you know I'm not like that...
Cardigan: Hmph! I hereby declare that you don't understand yourself at all, and that I know you better than you do! You're not allowed to say that you're not awesome!
Cardigan: If you still don't know why you're so awesome, lemme lay it out for you!
Cardigan: First, you're always there training with me and helping me test new defensive tactics! You're super nice!
Cardigan: Second, you're always helping me put together my equipment, and even though you've never mentioned it, don't think I haven't noticed! You're super thoughtful!
Cardigan: Third, you always bring us delicious snacks to eat! You know exactly what flavors we like! You're super sweet!
Cardigan: Fourth, you helped me tie the Instructor's hair into little pigtails when she wasn't looking! You're super fun to be around!
Melantha: W-Wait, I never did that last thing!
Cardigan: Heh, see, nothing slips past you at all! Even Steward didn't catch that one last time.
Cardigan: So, even if that last one was made up, the reality is that you're super awesome, and that is an undeniable fact!
Cardigan: Any other objections?
Melantha: ......
Cardigan: Are we done now? See, not a single one of us thinks that you aren't cut out to be the captain!
Cardigan: But ultimately, it's your call. Melantha, what do you want to do?
Melantha: What I want to do...
*Can I really do this?*
*Do I have the ability... to live up to everyone's expectations?*
Melantha: I... I might have areas where I'm not good enough, and there might be a lot of things I still have to learn...
*But putting them aside, I... What do I want to do?*
*What is it that I want?*
Melantha: I want to be able to protect people. Not just be sheltered by my parents, struggling to communicate with my own family...
Melantha: I'll give it my all! I'll do everything I can to become a worthy captain, and continue to grow alongside all of you.
Melantha: Merry, are you... okay with that?
Cardigan: Of course!
Cardigan: Isn't that what we've always been doing all this time?
Melantha: Yes... Thank you, Merry.
Cardigan: Mmhmm!
Cardigan: Ehehe, I'm so glad you're finally smiling!
Adnachiel: Okay... Looks like there shouldn't be any issues, right?
Adnachiel: They found the frozen food in the freezer and are heating it up now. What should I do with these sweets, Steward? Should I still hand them over?
Ansel: Why are we still hiding over here anyway?
Steward: I don't think we're needed here. Hold up a sec, Adnachiel, Ansel. Don't head over there yet, let them be alone a bit longer.
Steward: I don't think I've ever seen Miss Melantha smile so happily before.
Adnachiel: But...
Ansel: Steward's right. It'd be way too awkward if we just dropped in now.
Adnachiel: But, knowing the way Cardigan does things...
Cardigan: Woah! What's going on? Why's this thing not moving?
Melantha: Is this... the heating button? The connection seems a little loose, so maybe we should turn it this way...
Cardigan: Don't worry, I got this. I know just the thing, since basically all machines work like this!
Cardigan: Heheh, watch and learn!
Adnachiel: ...She's definitely going to break the food heater.
Steward: Please say something sooner next time!!
Steward: Wait, Cardigan, stop! Don't touch that switch! And stop banging on that knob! Melantha, hurry up and stop her!!
Adnachiel: Ahaha, it's too late. That thing's done for.
*Sigh*... There's no stopping them from making a ruckus. Just don't get hurt over there, okay?
Dobermann: ......
Franka: What's wrong, headache?
Dobermann: ...Just a little.
Franka: Because your team ran up another bill for destroying a kitchen appliance? Or because of your new shy team captain?
Dobermann: All of the above. Melantha still lacks confidence in herself.
Franka: Oh? Well, I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing either.
Franka: Compared to all those morons who have nothing but confidence without any of the skills to back it up, it's reassuring to be around some more cautious and reserved people, wouldn't you agree?
Franka: Plus, you heard what she said.
Franka: She's been paying close attention to every single member of her team. Is that not what a captain should do?
Dobermann: It'd be great... if she recognized that.
Franka: Trust me, I'm never wrong about this stuff. Those kids are gonna be just fine~
Franka: Ah, I just remembered! She uses a sword, right? How about, you give her to me for some training?
====================story_milu_set_1_Firewatch.xlsx====================
*They told me it was all over.*
*My homeland, my companions, everything buried now.*
*But I knew, it had only just begun.*
*...And I'm on my way.*
*04:50 P.M. \ Overcast*
*A town in northern Kazimierz*
Firewatch: ......
Kazimierz Villager: Here you go. Bread and clean water, all in here.
Kazimierz Villager: Incredible, you are! Fought 'em off, no, wiped 'em out alone, all those gloompincers... Didn't expect one young lady like you'd finish up that job in half an afternoon.
Kazimierz Villager: Even going out all together, the young'uns couldn't handle it.
Kazimierz Villager: Frankly, it gave me a scare, our town being so small. And I've never seen someone fight as ferocious as you.
Firewatch: ...I'll be fine without.
Kazimierz Villager: Don't want any bread or water? Well... alright, we've got some medicine here too.
Kazimierz Villager: It's from the caravan that passed through last time. We had to trade them a good amount for it. They were worth plenty, I'll tell you.
Kazimierz Villager: By the sights of it, you've been hurt bad, haven't you? You could probably use it.
Firewatch: I don't need it.
Kazimierz Villager: Th-Then what do you need? Gold coins? That'll be tough. We're only a little town, and rabble comes by shaking us down every few days, plus all the beasts making trouble out there...
Kazimierz Villager: Our pockets are all emptied out by the end of the year. Barely a penny we've got.
Firewatch: The day before. People sighted a Kuranta the day before, black clothing and a crossbow, heading this way.
Firewatch: Tell me where they are.
Kazimierz Villager: Crossbow? The kind you use for hunting?
Firewatch: The kind to murder.
Kazimierz Villager: M-Murder?
Kazimierz Villager: You've got to be joking... no, the look in your eyes says you aren't joking one bit... how frightful... *cough* How could someone like that show up in a little place like ours?
Firewatch: Don't screw with me.
Kazimierz Villager: I-I-I-I-Is that a weapon? Don't, erm, please don't shoot! I swear, I haven't seen anyone like the person you describe—
Firewatch: The ones in the last village saw. And told me. They went this way.
Kazimierz Villager: Per... perhaps they already passed through here, went south? There's an even bigger town that way, more food, cleaner water...
Kazimierz Villager: Oh, god, Heaven above! Miss, god, believe me, please, I've got no reason to lie to you at all.
Kazimierz Villager: Look, please, here, this is the last of my family's money, we were saving it for the year-end tax, this is all we've got, have it, have it all...
Firewatch: ......
Firewatch: I said, I don't need it.
Firewatch: Forget it. You can go.
Firewatch: Another day, empty-handed.
Firewatch: But no matter. You can't hide much longer.
Firewatch: I'll be following you. All the way—until I find you, one, by one, all of you.
Firewatch: What's this?
Firewatch: Bread, and water. And medicine.
Firewatch: He was scared so bad, he ran off without a trace, and yet he still deliberately came back in after.
Firewatch: Is he trying to show thanks? But it was only a few gloompincers, nothing more. It took no effort on my part.
Firewatch: People like him... do remind me... of back then.
*Grandpa, who are they? Are they the nice knights everyone talks about?*
*They aren't...?*
*Are the things they're carrying like the ones the bad people use to pick on us?*
*I... I'm sort of scared.*
*But they're good people, right? They helped us fight off the bad people.*
*I want to say thank you to them.*
*I don't really have any good stuff to give them. Would this half of my scone be okay? I can play a harmonica song for them too.*
*Mm-hm, I hope they can stay with.*
*With all of us, forever.*
Firewatch: Now all that's left is this harmonica.
Firewatch: Nice knights? *sigh*...
Firewatch: Whether then, or now... it's all the same.
Firewatch: If they're still around... if...
Firewatch: It's too bad—there is no 'if.'
Kazimierz Ruffian: Hey, someone's here!
Kazimierz Ruffian: Whoa, and a bunch of food—not much good, but good enough to eat tonight.
Firewatch: Leave.
Kazimierz Ruffian: Did you just tell me to leave? Who do you think you are?
Kazimierz Ruffian: It's just sitting here. Is there a name on it? I don't see you eating it. I found it now, so it's mine.
Firewatch: Then just take it and get lost.
Kazimierz Ruffian: Wait up, what's that you're holding? A harmonica? Heh, some tacky toy. Whatever. Take it to the city, you might find some boring old guy who thinks it's worth something.
Firewatch: This is not for you to touch.
Kazimierz Ruffian: Oh, you talk pretty tough, don't you?
Kazimierz Ruffian: Who do you even think I am, brat?
Kazimierz Ruffian: Just look at you. How long has it been since you ate something?
Firewatch: I'm warning you—*cough*, *cough* *cough*.
Kazimierz Ruffian: Jeez. You seem pretty sick at that. You'd best believe I could knock you over with a single poke.
Kazimierz Ruffian: What'cha playing at? Don't spook me now, it's dark out here. You think you can threaten anyone with a bare tree branch?
Firewatch: I gave you plenty of warning. You didn't listen.
Kazimierz Ruffian: Ow, ff-ow-ow-ow—that's a crossbow! That's the kind that kills people, isn't it?!
Firewatch: Get. Lost.
Firewatch: I don't want to kill anyone tonight. At the very least, not you.
Kazimierz Ruffian: Spare me... bud, just spare me! You can have this, have it all back.
Kazimierz Ruffian: I'm outta here, I promise!
Firewatch: Mm... *cough* *cough*, *cough* *cough* *cough*.
Firewatch: Who's there?
Firewatch: I...
*cough* *cough* *cough* *cough*...
Firewatch: I have to stay up... stay awake.
Firewatch: I still haven't... I...
*I still haven't found those traitors yet.*
*So long as that day doesn't come, they can never rest in peace—*
*And I can never, ever stop.*
???: Hello? Are you okay?
???: Seems she hasn't passed out completely... though she's at the point she can't stand.
???: Identity confirmation... yes, just like in the mission description. This should be the target, no mistake.
???: Serious wounds, fever temperatures, and gravely malnourished... she hasn't eaten properly in forever, and hasn't slept, either.
???: Nutritional supplements... and some emergency meds... Lucky I packed enough for the road. Dr. Kal'tsit really sees every last thing coming.
???: You're up.
Firewatch: Who are you?!
Field Operator: Don't be alarmed, I mean you no harm. I'm employed by a pharmaceutical company named Rhodes Island. I'm responsible for field work in this area. Here, this is my work ID.
Firewatch: That doesn't prove anything. IDs and papers and whatever can all be forged.
Field Operator: Fair enough, they can. Haha, you're just like I heard. An extremely cautious youngster.
Firewatch: Heard? From who?
Field Operator: Oh, jeez, don't get all tense again.
Field Operator: Look, I'm serious, I'm not anyone bad. I don't even have any weapons that big or lethal on me. At best, I've got a couple of tools for defending myself from beasts.
Field Operator: I've got nothing on you. I see that crossbow of yours... look, it's still right there. You could reach out and grab it.
Field Operator: Can we have a real talk now?
Firewatch: If you're up to something, you'll regret having stepped into this forest.
Field Operator: Yes. I believe you. The crossbow in your hands has already told me that much.
Firewatch: Right now, you need to tell me. Who was it that told you anything about me?
Field Operator: That's... er...
Field Operator: There's been reports of a very young Elafia girl who's been all around the northern villages of Kazimierz lately, looking for any leads on a specific group. Plenty of people have been picking up on it, actually.
Firewatch: The footprints left behind when tracking prey.
Firewatch: I wouldn't have made a mistake like that in the past... but I don't care that I have.
Firewatch: Who told you to look for me?
Field Operator: That'd be Rhodes Island. Just like I introduced earlier, Rhodes Island is a pharmaceutical company, doing business in all areas. They've been seeking all sorts of suitable talent, too, and they'd like to invite you to join.
Firewatch: A pharmaceutical company?
Firewatch: Did you drug me just now?
Field Operator: Only some nutritional supplements and a simple first-aid medication. I'm no Medic Operator. I personally can't give you any better of an examination, nor further treatment.
Field Operator: You look a good bit better now, luckily. Your injuries should be holding decently. If we want any further diagnosis, you'll need to come back to Rhodes Island with me.
Firewatch: To treat me. And you want to hire me.
Firewatch: Seeing as you've investigated, you should already know. I don't understand the first thing about medicine. The only thing I can do is fight.
Firewatch: So, what would a pharmaceutical company want a hired bow for?
Field Operator: Er... oh, boy, that one... er, like I said earlier, Rhodes Island does a lot of business, and frequently comes into contact with a lot of different people in a lot of different areas.
Field Operator: And during those contacts, we unavoidably run into some emergencies.
Field Operator: At times like that, we need people with special skills like yours, to help give Rhodes Island a fighting chance.
Firewatch: Whether person or organization, you have to have strength if you want to survive.
Field Operator: Right. I'm sure you can understand.
Firewatch: But my strength has other uses.
Field Operator: Do you mean those people you're looking for?
Firewatch: Yes.
Firewatch: Every day I haven't found them is one more day my footsteps will not cease.
Field Operator: I understand... I'm not too clear about your past, but it's a very common thing, isn't it? Just like us inside Rhodes Island. We've got scores of operators, all with their own differing and individual attachments.
Firewatch: Is that so?
Field Operator: We won't ever interfere in an operator's private affairs, and outside of missions, everyone has freedom.
Field Operator: Beyond that, when an operator needs it, providing aid doesn't go against our standards, Rhodes Island will provide whatever you want—medical service, crucial information, or necessary strength.
Field Operator: It's why a good few Operators chose to join Rhodes Island, really.
Firewatch: Then the people I need to find...
Firewatch: Can Rhodes Island help me there?
Field Operator: It's not my place to say anything else. Just, us helping you look for someone—that'd be more effective than you going it alone around Kazimierz, or even areas beyond, right?
Firewatch: ......
Field Operator: Alone, you probably wouldn't hold out for too long. You're short on supplies, and you don't have any help.
Field Operator: I'll be honest, you're not in the best of shape right now. If you need to find someone, accomplish some goal, then first you need to ensure your survival, right?
Field Operator: How do I put it? In our world, if you want to get something done, even if it's as bare and simple as staying alive, a bunch of heads all together always beats one.
Firewatch: (Days with no help, only able to rely on myself to live... It's not like I've never gone through times like these.)
Firewatch: (The feeling of someone there to help... I can't deny... day in, day out, I miss it.)
Firewatch: (In that case, this should go a little quicker now.)
Firewatch: You're right.
Firewatch: Rhodes Island... a pharmaceutical company. Not out to do anything bad, right?
Field Operator: On that point, you can rest assured.
Firewatch: Alright. So long as you're willing to lend me more strength—
Firewatch: I can lend my strength to you.
Firewatch: I'll join.
Field Operator: That's wonderful, then! I won't ask for much more information. Once we get back to Rhodes Island, there'll be HR operators who'll check with you separately.
Field Operator: After all the red tape's done with, you can officially become a Rhodes Island Operator.
Field Operator: I think I can say it'll be a delight to work together with, er...? Um, what should I call you?
Firewatch: ...Firewatch.
Firewatch: Past, present, future... no matter where I am.
Firewatch: Until I find every last traitor, until I fulfill my revenge—
Firewatch: This will be the only name I possess.
====================story_phatom_set_1_Phantom.xlsx====================
*Rhodes Island Landship*
*In some remote corner...*
Whisperain: Clearing foreign matter, closing wounds, wiping the blood away.
Whisperain: This is what little I can do.
Whisperain: For finer treatment, you'll need the aid of a professional doctor from the Medical Department.
Phantom: ...This will be enough.
Phantom: Thank you.
Whisperain: Where will you go?
Phantom: Back to where I belong.
Whisperain: To where you belong...
Whisperain: You mean to say... all alone, by yourself?
Whisperain: W-Won't you go celebrate with your team? You've all been on such an important mission this time, and their spirits are so high, and you could surely be together...
Phantom: I need not.
Phantom: In times of celebration, there need not be me. Under the midday sun, there need not be shadow.
Phantom: Perhaps the one who ought to join the celebrations is you.
Whisperain: That... I can't...
Phantom: As you see fit.
Phantom: ...I should be taking my leave.
???: —Hold it!
Folinic: I finally found you, Operator Phantom!
Folinic: Dr. Whisperain, were you tending to his wounds just now?
Whisperain: Ah... yes...
Folinic: Though you may not formally be on the Medical Department's roster of doctors, I still have a responsibility to remind you.
Folinic: According to the 'Regulations for Management and Treatment of Rhodes Island Wounded Personnel,' all wounded Operators must undergo registration at the Rhodes Island Medical Department.
Folinic: When people treat Operators' wounds in private like you have, we can put the little cuts and illnesses aside, but on the off-chance any complications arise in Operator Phantom's condition or from his wounds owing to your incomplete care, that creates a headache for the Medical Department.
Whisperain: I'm so sorry...
Phantom: The one who asked Miss Whisperain for treatment was I.
Phantom: There is no need to blame her.
Folinic: I'm just telling her the facts.
Folinic: As for you, Operator Phantom, you're the bigger problem here!
Folinic: Why didn't you report to the Medical Department following your injuries?
Phantom: ......
Folinic: If Blue Poison hadn't been on the same mission and she hadn't informed me about you during treatment, would you have just taken your pain all the way into the next battle?
Folinic: This is irresponsible to the company, and irresponsible to yourself.
Folinic: I hope you can recognize that.
Phantom: ......
Phantom: The fault is mine.
Phantom: I deeply apologize to you, dear doctor.
Folinic: Right. I accept your apology.
Folinic: Now, I need to issue you diagnosis and treatment, along with a full check on your state of health. No problem?
Phantom: ......
Folinic: Don't give me that look. Hold on! Mouth shut! Don't make a sound! You're not using your Arts to slip out of here!
Folinic: I'm not letting last time repeat itself. If I notice anything even slightly fishy, there's a pushbutton alarm here and I WILL immediately sound it!
Whisperain: Was there always such a button on the wall...?
Folinic: Just relax. There'll be no corridors. I'm not taking you to the Medical Department.
Folinic: Blue Poison's told me you don't like places with a lot of people.
Folinic: So I've brought all the equipment here.
Folinic: I'll help you collect and sort out your treatment information, and then I'll treat your wounds for you with Dr. Whisperain.
Folinic: No problem, Dr. Whisperain?
Whisperain: By all means.
Folinic: Will that be okay, then, Operator Phantom?
Phantom: ......
Phantom: Sigh...
Phantom: (Silent nod)
Folinic: Good. Then I'll begin your diagnosis and treatment immediately.
Folinic: If possible, could you describe for me the rough location and nature of your wounds?
Phantom: ......
Folinic: Why aren't you talking?
Phantom: (Points at sealed lips)
Whisperain: I believe it's because you told him 'mouth shut' just prior, Folinic.
Folinic: (Rolls eyes)
Folinic: You can talk now. Please go ahead.
Phantom: A crossbow bolt piercing the shoulder, a blade slashed across the palm, ice binding both feet.
Folinic: Shoulder, perforation wound; injury to hand caused by sharp weapon; hypothermia...
Whisperain: No effect observed in right leg, but lower left leg appears not fully recovered.
Folinic: Right, let's deal with these one by one.
Folinic: Shoulder perforation wound.
Whisperain: I closed the wound just prior. There should be no jeopardy.
Folinic: Hm... If it was just an ordinary metal bolt, then we're good.
Folinic: Did you debride?
Whisperain: Already sorted.
Folinic: Judging from the healing of the wound, there should be no possibility of poisoning or infection.
Folinic: Right. Next item.
Folinic: Laceration to the palm.
Folinic: Hm. Seems to be healing well.
Folinic: However, with two separate wounds, we have a substantially higher risk of infection, so in a moment, I'll give you a prophylactic injection. That should solve that worry.
Folinic: Finally, frostbite on the left lower leg.
Folinic: Okay, alright. Stay like that, don't move. I brought the detection apparatus just for this.
Folinic: This might hurt a little. Hold your breath.
Phantom: ......
*Sample collected.*
*Beginning analysis—*
Folinic: Good.
Folinic: Once the numbers come out, I can give final diagnostic conclusions.
Folinic: Any other discomfort or injuries anywhere?
Phantom: (Hm?)
Phantom: (Ms. Christine? You seem to have something in your mouth...)
Folinic: —Are you listening to me?
Phantom: Mm. No, no other injuries.
Folinic: Good.
Folinic: Your recuperative capacity truly is outstanding, Operator Phantom.
Folinic: Maybe I really have been overly concerned.
Folinic: Operator Phan—Rather, Phantom, you're a specialist operator, aren't you?
Phantom: So they call me.
Folinic: But your mix of wounds is more numerous than I've seen on vanguard or defender operators.
Phantom: ......
Folinic: I've heard your mission this time was extremely difficult.
Folinic: 'It's lucky we had him supporting us. We wouldn't have come back alive otherwise.' I've already heard from plenty of others to that effect.
Folinic: But most of them don't know your codename, and have never even seen your form. They only know the shadow flashing across the battlefield helped them out.
Phantom: They have nothing to gain from remembering me.
Folinic: Sick of hearing that. All the operators I've treated before love stressing that one.
Folinic: Let's drop that. Cut down on chatter. Most of the us here aren't that naive, or maybe one day we're all going to go our separate ways. Hell, imagine if one day we all end up meeting on the battlefield.
Folinic: But Phantom, and I may be meddling... I feel I need to tell you that, at least right now, they just want to express their gratitude, nothing more.
Folinic: Some words you might never have another chance to tell someone, if you don't tell them when you can.
Folinic: (Quietly) ...Don't be a goddamned idiot like me, choking everything down inside.
Phantom: ......
Folinic: Blue Poison told me you blocked a crossbow bolt for her.
Folinic: She wanted to thank you, but couldn't find you, so entrusted me with bringing these things here.
Folinic: This brooch is a present from her to you. Please, take it.
Phantom: This...
Folinic: Just take it.
Phantom: Many thanks.
Phantom: I will relay my gratitude to her.
*Analysis complete*
*Now outputting analysis report*
Folinic: Mm...
Folinic: That's not reassuring.
Folinic: Mr. Phantom, can you try and move for me?
Phantom: (A slightly uncoordinated walk)
Folinic: Right. That'll be fine. You can sit down for now.
Folinic: Presumably frostbite from hypothermic temperatures caused by Originium Arts.
Folinic: Not severe, but it's already affected your mobility.
Phantom: Just some small injuries.
Folinic: Please leave distinguishing minor injuries to the professional opinion of a medic, thank you.
Whisperain: You'd best convalesce for now.
Whisperain: That would be my opinion.
Folinic: I agree with Dr. Whisperain's view.
Folinic: It might be frostbite on the surface, but it's still essentially fine Arts damage.
Folinic: We aren't optimistic about your Oripathy infection in the first place. We all need to do our best to avoid any situation that could worsen its progression.
Folinic: Ample rest, a healthy diet, and appropriate restorative exercise. These are what you need right now.
Folinic: Of course, the most important thing is that you regularly come to the Medical Department for treatment.
Folinic: Your treatment course won't be too long. Just one month, and you'll be able to take part in missions again.
Folinic: If you don't like the idea of coming to the Medical Department, I can help set up rounds for you to lessen your contact with others.
Phantom: ......
Folinic: If you consent, then please sign at the end of this statement.
Phantom: (Another sigh)
Phantom: (Signs his own codename)
Folinic: Good. Thank you for cooperating.
Folinic: Now I should give you your injection.
Folinic: This is a new model of syringe. It won't leave too much of an ache.
Folinic: Please hold your arm out.
Phantom: ......
Folinic: (Uses syringe)
Folinic: Right. With that, initial prophylactic treatment is a success.
Folinic: I have a meeting this afternoon, so I won't bother either of you any further.
Folinic: You're on vacation for a month, so live it up, Phantom.
Folinic: See you.
Whisperain: She's gone now.
Whisperain: Phew... It seems I'm still not quite used to talking with Folinic. I always get so nervous...
Whisperain: Are you alright?
Phantom: Fine, more or less.
Ms. Christine: Meow.
Phantom: Ms. Christine.
Ms. Christine: (She rubs against Phantom.)
Phantom: Don't, now.
Whisperain: I'd like for you to rest well on your coming vacation.
Phantom: Vacation?
Phantom: I've never thought about it before. Vacation. What should I do...?
Whisperain: Erm, perhaps... see a movie?
Whisperain: If I were in your shoes, I might go and see one. And then I'd make a record of how I felt all the while.
Whisperain: During them, I always end up fantasizing for myself a life like the people in the pictures, and at the same time, in a contradictory way, I can feel how I truly breathe, outside of the screen...
Phantom: Take care.
Phantom: Fantasizing of living another's life is no good thing.
Whisperain: I understand. It's just that, it's a habit of mine, a way to relax.
Whisperain: And moreover... it's a little embarrassing to admit, but it seems as though there are some operators who very much like to read the things I end up writing...
Whisperain: I don't personally believe I write all that well, but if it's enough for everyone to enjoy, then I feel it might not be so bad this way.
Phantom: I see...
Ms. Christine: Meow—
Phantom: Ms. Christine?
Phantom: That tickles. Don't you... hm? What is this?
Whisperain: If I had to guess, she might want you to take a look at this leaflet.
Phantom: ......
Phantom: 'Wanted: Multiple staff members for a Multimedia Escape Experience event—'
*......*
Phantom: 'Staff required to take charge in planning escape rooms in whole, for an urgent and pressing adventurous atmosphere.'
Phantom: 'Staff required to plan deciphering and mechanisms within escape rooms.'
Phantom: 'Staff required to—'
Phantom: '—act out roles.'
*......*
Phantom: 'Design (until opening) to last one month. Salaried for the duration, with three meals a day included.'
Phantom: 'Interested operators and staff aboard, please find details at the Human Resources Department.'
Phantom: Multimedia escape experience...
Whisperain: I've heard it's a new manner of entertainment, one that emphasizes stimulating the senses and immersive experiences.
Whisperain: It seems as though... most escape experiences are themed to rely principally on elements of terror and suspense.
Whisperain: I'd seen one, some time before. Its theme was an underground labyrinth in Minos.
Whisperain: Truthfully, I wanted very much to give it a try.
Whisperain: But that day, the A1 Detachment's Operators told me after experiencing it themselves—
Whisperain: 'It scared me to death!'
Whisperain: Yet, while they told me that, they seemed to be so happy.
Phantom: (Fear, but with joy?)
Phantom: (Hm... Enjoying being frightened?)
Whisperain: I didn't dare go back then, and now that I think of it, maybe I regret that a little...
Whisperain: Perhaps, this time, I can. Er, should I ask Weedy to come with me?
Phantom: Ms. Christine, were you hoping for me to see this?
Ms. Christine: Meow!
Phantom: Hm...
Phantom: I believe I understand what you mean.
Whisperain: You're leaving, now? So, have you decided on where to go for your vacation?
Phantom: Just some concept of it.
Phantom: If the right amount of fear can serve to bring others merriment.
Phantom: Perhaps... I can give it a try.
====================story_prove_set_1_Provence.xlsx====================
*1:35 P.M. \ Clear*
*Rhodes Island Landship, Cabin No. 3, Medical Bay*
Medic Operator: Ok, turn around.
Medic Operator: Please try to hold still. Don't move your tail either.
Medic Operator: 61.3... Hmm, your tail has grown longer again.
Medic Operator: Alright, that's all.
Provence: Is the checkup complete?
Provence: Ahh, that tickled so bad! To be honest, I'm really not used to having my tail measured like this every time. It's really hard to keep it from moving.
Medic Operator: Your reaction is still manageable, you tend to just twitch a little. The ones that are really hard to handle are those operators who suddenly try to attack you.
Provence: Yeah, there are some spots that are more sensitive after all. I've heard there are some races that you can't touch at all.
Medic Operator: It's true.
Medic Operator: Ah, time's up. Here, breathe into this.
Provence: (Huff——)
Provence: Done!
Medic Operator: Yep, no issues.
Medic Operator: The results for the blood test will only be out the day after tomorrow, but I'll have the preliminary diagnostic report ready in a moment.
Medic Operator: Here, please drink this dissolving agent.
Provence: Alright.
Provence: I'm so sorry for always taking up your time. I feel really bad that you have to do so many examinations.
Provence: I know my own body after all, there's really no problem...
Medic Operator: Provence!
Provence: Ehh, y-yes?
Medic Operator: Please don't say such things again. Just look at the examination data from this check-up, all the indicators have fluctuated!
Medic Operator: You also stayed outside longer than planned this time!
Medic Operator: Rhodes Island is currently deep in the wilderness and there are barely any known nomadic city routes nearby. Who knows how dangerous it is out there?!
Medic Operator: If we don't take proper precautions, it's extremely dangerous to stay in such a place!
Provence: My bad, my bad. Please don't get angry at me, okay?
Provence: There are a few small villages near our route, and I'm a little worried about them...
Medic Operator: You may be a professional Catastrophe Messenger, but you still have to look out for your own safety!
Provence: I promise! I guarantee I'll be safe!
Provence: Look, I covered myself up all the way, just like how you taught me. Don't worry, I won't take any chances with my health!
Medic Operator: Hmm...
???: Save your worries. The Catastrophe Messengers have their own ways of looking after themselves.
Warfarin: Especially for Messengers independent of any state, the lone wanderers of the wilderness...
Warfarin: I haven't seen many Catastrophe Messengers who could avoid getting infected, but a normal person would have died many times over if thrown into such environments.
Warfarin: On the contrary, these Messengers are still as lively as ever.
Provence: Um, was that a compliment?
Warfarin: No.
Provence: Sorry, what was that?
Provence: Well, you're not wrong. The environments we work in wouldn't be kind to the normal people. But, as long as you get the right training and avoid taking risks, it's actually not so bad.
Provence: A lot of my colleagues work for a single city-state a big company. Keeps them away from the riskiest work and guarantees a nice salary.
Provence: Catastrophe Messengers get paid well, with a high bar to entry. The assessment tests are extremely tough.
Medic Operator: I see...
Medic Operator: Speaking of which, the two new operators who've just arrived recently seem to have been recommended here by the Catastrophe Messenger platform. Are they your peers as well, Provence?
Provence: Ah, are you talking about Leonhardt and Tsukinogi?
Provence: Those two are very well-known, actually...
Provence: I met the both of them before coming for the check-up. I'm glad that Leonhardt seems to be adjusting well.
Warfarin: Oh? You know that long-eared brat?
Warfarin: He worked this little one over so badly she burst into tears. Just ask her about it.
Medic Operator: Dr. Warfarin!
Warfarin: Fine, fine. I've said enough.
Provence: Ahahahahaha.
Warfarin: Was it really that funny?
Warfarin: Oh, right. That brat and that heiress from Higashi haven't yet completed their check-ups. Since you know them, do help to call them over.
Provence: Haha, sure, no problem!
Provence: I'll be going then~
Leonhardt: I'm done eating. Here's my plate, babe.
Leonhardt: Skinny? What? Everyone my age is like this. I probably look a little skinner since I'm still growing.
Leonhardt: Yup, I'm getting enough to eat. I'm always here eating your food, aren't I?
Leonhardt: The fried rice cake today was delicious! And the egg rolls yesterday were really good too! Ah, I have to go. I have training next, so I'll see you later~
Leonhardt: Phew.
Leonhardt: The people here are more vivacious than I expected.
*Sigh* If I keep eating like this, I'll get fat sooner or later.
???: That doesn't sound too bad. The lady in the cafeteria seems to really like you.
Provence: Good afternoon, Leonhardt. Looks like you're doing well.
Provence: I figured you'd be at the cafeteria around this time, luckily you hadn't gone far. I was looking for you.
Leonhardt: Good afternoon, Provence. Please don't make fun of me, I've really started to put on weight since I came here. Some of my clothes don't even fit anymore!
Leonhardt: Why were you looking for me though?
Provence: Dr. Warfarin wants you for a follow-up examination. Not just you, Tsukinogi too.
Provence: I went to the dance room earlier, but there was no one there. I don't know where Tsukinogi might be...
Leonhardt: Ah, I know where she is.
Leonhardt: Besides dancing her religious stuff, Tsukinogi also enjoys finding a quiet spot and looking at the scenery. I saw her near the outer layer just now, she might still be there.
Provence: Ehh... You haven't been at Rhodes Island for long, but you already know so much.
Leonhardt: Hehe, I'm always paying attention to what people like, or don't like.
Leonhardt: Follow me!
Tsukinogi: ......
Tsukinogi: Accumulating clouds, a light breeze and dissipating fog...
Tsukinogi: Looks like the weather is turning.
Leonhardt: Ah, how lucky. Tsukinogi's still here.
Leonhardt: Hello~ Tsukinogi.
Provence: Good afternoon, Tsukinogi!
Tsukinogi: Oh? Good afternoon, to the both of you.
Tsukinogi: What's going on? Were you looking for me?
Provence: Ah, yes. Dr. Warfarin told me to ask you to head to Medical, for a follow-up examination.
Tsukinogi: Is that so? Alright, I shall head over now.
Provence: Oh, it's not that urgent. I think the medics should be off for lunch now. If you take your time you'll still make it.
Leonhardt: That's right! The ladies of the Medical Department need their break. Let's take the chance to relax as well.
Leonhardt: Have you had lunch yet, Tsukinogi? The cafeteria here is really good. I highly recommend the fried rice cakes and North Sadleir vegetable stew.
Tsukinogi: Hehe, I've already eaten.
Tsukinogi: However, I will have to try out those dishes next time, since you recommended them so highly.
Leonhardt: They will definitely live up to your expectations!
Provence: Hmm... The scenery here is really nice. I've never really paid attention to this spot before. Didn't expect there was such a place on the landship.
Provence: Tsukinogi is really amazing, the same Catastrophe Patrol of Higashi I've heard about.
Tsukinogi: You flatter me. I was just looking for a quiet spot.
Tsukinogi: Dancing together with everyone is enjoyable, of course, but sitting here quietly and looking at the scenery is also quite pleasant.
Tsukinogi: As Catastrophe Messengers ourselves, we also carry the duty of monitoring the environment while we are stationed on the landship. As such, this wouldn't be considered slacking off.
Leonhardt: How dedicated. I really have a lot to learn from my more experienced colleagues.
Provence: It's our job after all. Ahh, I always end up unconsciously relaxing whenever I'm on the landship...
Provence: ...Hm?
Provence: (What's going on? It feels like the weather's changed.)
Provence: (Why would the tops of the clouds look like that...? They were fine when I came back this morning...)
Provence: (And the wind marks... The wind isn't blowing strongly, yet it's leaving such distinctive marks...)
Provence: Tsukinogi, look at the clouds over there...
Provence: This phenomenon, these traits, could it be...
Tsukinogi: ......
Tsukinogi: Blazing yet imperceptible. The fog has dispersed and a gale is building.
Tsukinogi: I wasn't completely sure just now, however it seems that we are indeed unfortunate.
Provence: The wind has changed——It's a Regional Catastrophe Outbreak!
Leonhardt: I'll head out to check!
Provence: Watch out! A strong wind should be picking up soon, if you head out now you might get blown away!
Leonhardt: Don't worry!
Leonhardt: ——Such a piddling breeze won't do anything to me!
Tsukinogi: Ahh... What an energetic young man.
Tsukinogi: The darker clouds further beyond have started to spread. Based on the moisture in the air and the changing of the wind... Yes, I'm not wrong.
Tsukinogi: These are the omens of an incoming Catastrophe.
Provence: How unlucky. To think that we'd encounter a sudden Catastrophe like this.
Provence: When Leonhardt gets back, we need to quickly inform Amiya and the people at the bridge! Thank goodness we discovered it early. We should still have enough time to change directions.
Provence: Luckily there aren't any nomadic cities that we need to inform around here.
Tsukinogi: Nomadic cities usually don't stay in regions with unstable weather like this.
Tsukinogi: After all, if they encountered an emergency situation that escalated rapidly like this, the larger nomadic cities wouldn't be able to maneuver in time. The big shots in the cities would never take a risk like that.
Tsukinogi: On the other hand, something like Rhodes Island would have no issues avoiding Catastrophes in such situations.
Provence: Ehh, wait a minute... Oh no, oh no!
Provence: Around here... I remember there are a few villages in that direction!
Tsukinogi: Huh... Is that true? There are people living on such desolate land?
Provence: Of course it's true!
Provence: There are quite a number of villages in the wilderness. It's the same in every country.
Provence: They can't properly enter the nomadic cities, and the arable land around the cities is usually already claimed, so they have no choice but to settle somewhere further and live their lives taking one day at a time.
Provence: Since they don't really have a choice, everyone's always prepared to move at any time. All their belongings can be packed up quickly. There's not many people in each village, so they can usually escape to safety given some advance notice.
Tsukinogi: Oh, now that you mention it, I've heard of similar situations in Higashi.
Provence: Ah... Such things happen everywhere. Even so, no matter how much you get used to it, there is always a chance that you don't make it.
Provence: That's why I always try to make as many detours as possible, to warn these villages...
Provence: (......)
Provence: (I wonder if the villagers have noticed the changing weather.)
Provence: (If not...)
Leonhardt: Sorry to keep you waiting!
Leonhardt: I had a look at it, and it doesn't bode well.
Leonhardt: The transformation of the cloud layer is happening very quickly, even the wind has changed. I don't expect this place to remain safe much longer, it'll be a few hours to half a day at most.
Provence: That fast?!
Tsukinogi: At that speed, the abnormal weather effects will occur all around us soon. We can't go outside like that anymore, it's too dangerous.
Provence: ......
Leonhardt: Don't worry, I know. I traveled a short distance towards the Catastrophe just now and didn't see any cities nearby.
Leonhardt: It'd have been dangerous if I continued forward even if I was adequately prepared, so we're unable to gather any more information for now.
Leonhardt: Ah, I'll tell you the rest later. Let me report to Amiya first.
Tsukinogi: Well then, we'll go and make our own preparations.
Provence: ......
Provence: No, I have to go to the villages! I won't be able to sleep at night if I don't!
Provence: Tsukinogi, I'll leave the preparations for the landship to you!
Tsukinogi: Hey, wait! Provence, I told you it's too dangerous!
Tsukinogi: Times like this, when we don't know how quickly the Catastrophe will form, even someone of your skill will be in great danger if you go too deep!
Provence: I... I will be very careful. Someone has to go and warn them!
Provence: The large nomadic cities have their own Catastrophe Messengers, they'd be fine without us.
Provence: But these small villages and settlements are different!
Provence: If we don't go, the people out there will probably get caught out.
Provence: A sudden Catastrophe like this could easily catch them off guard long before they could get clear!
Tsukinogi: Even so...
Provence: Isn't our job to provide early warnings and do our best to mitigate the dangers brought about by the Catastrophes?
Provence: They talk about Catastrophe Messengers like we get paid well and live nice, steady lives, but that's not me!
Provence: I've never forgotten my purpose.
Provence: 'It's all about saving lives. More lives.'
Provence: Maybe we all have our own ideas about that sentence.
Provence: But to me...
Provence: To me, it means that whether it's the rich nobles living in the city, or the poor farmers living in the villages, all life is equally important. There is no distinction between lives.
Tsukinogi: ......
Tsukinogi: Haha, alright. I understand you.
Tsukinogi: Equality of life does mean that one's life cannot be valued in terms of wealth or status...
Tsukinogi: That's a good philosophy.
Provence: Then...!
Tsukinogi: However.
Tsukinogi: What about your own life, Provence?
Provence: Huh? I...
Tsukinogi: To me, these equal lives also include yours.
Tsukinogi: Should I just let you put yourself in danger? Only to save more lives?
Tsukinogi: Would you then weigh the value of lives in terms of numbers, and sacrifice the few to save the many?
Provence: I...
Provence: ...I wouldn't say so. If something can only be done by sacrificing lives, then there must be something intrinsically wrong with it.
Provence: But that has nothing to do with our situation! It's not the time to be discussing that either!
Provence: I know people have a Catastrophe bearing down on them, I have to go and warn them. It's my duty!
Tsukinogi: I won't stop you.
Tsukinogi: After understanding your viewpoint, it'd be wrong of me to stop you.
Provence: That's good——
Tsukinogi: Yes, I won't stop you. I will go with you.
Provence: Huh?
Tsukinogi: Oh, did you forget? I'm a Catastrophe Messenger too. It's only natural for me to go with you.
Provence: But... It will really be dangerous...
Tsukinogi: I'm aware. That's why I have a request to make of you.
Tsukinogi: If I determine that the situation is too dangerous, I will stop you even if I have to use force.
Tsukinogi: Is that acceptable?
Provence: That...
Tsukinogi: I only hope that you can value your own life more.
Provence: Thank you.
Provence: I understand. We'll do that then. Let's go!
Provence: How should I put this... You're very different from how I imagined.
Provence: I thought that an heiress from Higashi would be more... Umm, elitist and snobbish.
Tsukinogi: Oh? That's a complete misunderstanding.
Tsukinogi: I've always been trying my best to grow closer to everyone at Rhodes Island. I've even started to reach saturation lately.
Provence: Saturation...? That sounds weird...
Provence: Whatever! Anyway, let's move! If we don't go now, we'll never make it in time!
*Sigh* I'll definitely get chewed out by that girl in Medical again when I get back.
Provence: ...Yeah, I'd better come up with my apology first.
====================story_rope_set_1_Rope.xlsx====================
*10:30 A.M. \ Clear*
*Rhodes Island Landship, Cabin 4, Convalescent Garden*
Rope: 'Scuse me~
Rope: ......?
Rope: 'Scuse meee, anyone in—
Rope: Hmmm?
Rope: Aw, man.
Rope: Nobody in? Morniiiing—Mooorniiiing—Just checkiiiiing—Anyone iiiiiiiin—! Halllll—looooooo—?
Rope: ......
Rope: Huh, actually deserted.
Rope: That's sucky.
Rope: Wasting my time somewhere empty-handed ain't my style. Hm-hmm, I'm here after all. Let's let your li'l Peter Pan of Lungmen, Rope, take a look, see what nice stuff's lying around...
Rope: ...Wait, no!
Rope: (Claps face)
Rope: Stoppit, stoppit, Rope. Pull it in. You can't do that.
Rope: (Claps face) (Claps face)
Rope: Ugh, what a scary habit to have.
Rope: But you can't leave the door unlocked when no-one's in. That's just too sloppy. You can't blame anyone else when you lose something, okay?
Rope: I swear I won't take anything. Just looking, looking...
Rope: Just lemme looksie, scope what's good around here~
Rope: Hm? What's on the ground here... iunno. Who cares? Let's jump it!
Rope: Hohoh, these flowers are real pretty with their colors. Dunno if they're worth anything...
Rope: Oh, this ain't equipment you see everyday. Probably pretty expensive, huh?
Rope: And over this way's... herbs?
Rope: Hm? Hmm?? Whoooa, what IS this smell? This is pungent!
Rope: I'm, I'm getting a little dizzy...
Rope: Pteh—haah, close call!
Rope: Oh, crap, I thought I was about to faint. That was way too risky...!
Rope: 'Better to jimmy open a Lungmen treasury box than charge an open door.' No wonder a mentor once said that. Kinda makes sense now.
Rope: ......
Rope: Heh, okay, the joke ends here.
Rope: If nobody's in, then I'm all hands tied. Wanted to do a little good for once, too. Whatevs.
Rope: I guess I'll just come next time—
Rope: Hm?
Rope: What, I'm not the only one on the down-low?
Rope: Hehey, now this is getting interesting. Wherever you came from, li'l dodger, let's have a duel~
Rope: Pitter patter, sneakity skatter... position scoped, hook ready—
Perfumer: Morning dew, peppermint, shaved ice showers♪
Perfumer: Setting sun, jasmine, honey flowers♪
Rope: Uh...
Perfumer: Hm-hmm~, hmm~, hm-hmm hm-hmm~~
Rope: Uh, esscuse me...
Perfumer: And add just a little culture. Hmm, that should be a good amount!
Rope: No, c'mon, you're way too focused.
Perfumer: And then mix it with the deep soil here. Oh, or perhaps add a little bit more plant ash?
Perfumer: Mhmm, this should do it just nicely!
Rope: (Has she literally not noticed me? You need to keep your wits about you, y'know?)
Rope: (And here I thought some thief actually got in. Eugh.)
Perfumer: Hmm... the balance still seems a little off. Last time's cultivar had balance issues too. Phew, let me think, what should I do...
Perfumer: Peat, akadama... maintain weak acidity...
Rope: (Still talking to herself. Is this, like, an okay situation?)
Rope: (Oh, but watching from the side is pretty fun~)
Perfumer: !
Perfumer: That's right, how could I forget! I can try adding in some sandy soil brought from where it grew!
Perfumer: Mhmm, no matter plants or people, they're all best at home!
Rope: (Kind of makes sense to hear.)
Rope: (But y'know the sort who really work to flee the nest? Never wanna go back, those people? Uh, people? Plants? Whatever, same thing. There's plenty of them, right?)
Perfumer: Oh, now where did I put that soil again...
Perfumer: Not here, and not here. Hmm... how strange...
Perfumer: Hm?
Rope: Hm?
Perfumer: !!
Perfumer: Wha-wha-wha?!
Rope: ?!
Rope: Huh? Huh??
Rope: What-what's wrong? What's up?
Perfumer: Eh? Ah...
Perfumer: Miss... Rope?
====================story_yuki_set_1_Shirayuki.xlsx====================
Fumizuki: Yuki-chan.
Shirayuki: Here.
Fumizuki: I've informed Yenwu. Now, I've arranged for you to enter a pharmaceutical company called Rhodes Island as an operator.
Shirayuki: Rhodes Island?
Fumizuki: Yes. You've likely already heard of it.
Shirayuki: Only that the Miss has deep ties with them.
Shirayuki: Does the Princess want me to protect the Miss?
Fumizuki: Hm... that has been part of my intent. After all, this is an Infected organization. However, I believe Hui-chieh should be able to handle things herself.
Shirayuki: Infected... does the Princess consider them reliable?
Fumizuki: Yes. Be assured. I've met their leader before. She is quite a good girl.
Fumizuki: And I've looked into things a little. I feel the company itself is good too. So, I feel this is a good opportunity.
Shirayuki: Opportunity?
Fumizuki: Yes. You've followed me since childhood. Even now in Lungmen, you haven't once left my side.
Shirayuki: It is my mission.
Fumizuki: But you also ought to see the sights outside.
Shirayuki: I need only to know what sights the Princess sees.
Fumizuki: This is an order, Yuki-chan.
Shirayuki: ...Understood.
Shirayuki: I am Shirayuki. Princess Fumizuki told me to assist Madam Ch'en and follow all your orders.
Option_1: Hello.
Option_2: ......
Option_3: Welcome!
Shirayuki: ......
Shirayuki: ......
Option_4: ......
Shirayuki: ......
Option_5: ......
Shirayuki: ......
Shirayuki: ......
Shirayuki: Several days' observation. The Doctor, a strange sort.
Shirayuki: Directly heats instant food in mouth with kettle. Genius.
Shirayuki: But holds true requisite ability, in command of people and handling of sundry affairs.
Shirayuki: Further, Rhodes Island. More than meets the eye.
Shirayuki: Surface-level, a pharmaceutical company. In reality, close to a military organization. With fair strength. No surprise Lord Wei would cooperate with this company.
Shirayuki: The Princess spoke it not forth, but as Miss Ch'en is here, I am presumably willed to investigate this organization, and protect the Miss in full.
Shirayuki: Doctor aside, two others are leaders here.
Shirayuki: Amiya, I have met. In the Princess's words, a very kindly person.
Shirayuki: But as she has proven a leader, exceptionality must reside. Cannot be taken lightly.
Shirayuki: The other, a Kal'tsit, not yet met. From others' conversation, the true core figure of this company. Further understanding of her required.
Shirayuki: Rough structure of accessible ship interior area committed to memory. Time, one in the morning. I shall move out.
Shirayuki: Entered.
Shirayuki: Rhodes Island's pipeline design, adequate.
Shirayuki: Ordered systematically, omnidirectional... and correspondingly monitored.
Shirayuki: But such levels, a mere trifle.
Shirayuki: Most passages are connected with dormitories via toilets. Only some windows give sight of what happens within dormitories, due to planning... Fair.
???: Hwaaah... Gummy, I wanna eat meat...
Shirayuki: Ceobe.
Shirayuki: Abysmal sleeping posture.
Midnight: Phew... Wonderful. That's enough training today to hit standards.
Midnight: It's late now. Though there are no missions tomorrow, I should quickly do my skincare, and then it's beddy-byes.
Midnight: Ah. Ever since I became an Operator, I haven't been properly managing my appearance.
Midnight: But what can you do? Some things are a necessary sacrifice.
Midnight: And I suppose even if I don't take care, I'm handsome enough as is.
Shirayuki: (Shudder)
Shirayuki: Operator codename, Midnight.
Shirayuki: Narcissist.
Shirayuki: Yet, ample muscle definition.
Dobermann: Hm? Is it already this late?
Dobermann: Whatever. Just a bit longer. I'm almost done drawing up the training program for Kroos's group.
Dobermann: Kids really mature fast, don't they? You wouldn't recognize them now compared to when they just arrived at Rhodes Island.
Dobermann: Heh. Though they're still a mile from where I want them to be.
Shirayuki: Instructor Dobermann.
Shirayuki: Steel-cold, heart of gold.
Shirayuki: Most have already fallen asleep.
Shirayuki: Rhodes Island's people by and large, seem used to life here.
Shirayuki: Just as the Princess's words, a good place.
Shirayuki: Ahead leaves the dormitory area. Tread carefully.
*Pant*... *pant*...
Zima: Natalya... uh, should be calling you Rosa now. About time you call it.
Rosa: Phew... You go to bed first. I'll do a little more training by myself.
Zima: ...Fine. You've got me for a while longer.
Zima: I let you live. Think how bad I'd look if you just went and bit it on the battlefield.
Rosa: Aha. If I could trouble you, then.
Shirayuki: Two students from Ursus. Seemingly, refugees admitted prior.
Shirayuki: Chernobog. A tragedy.
Shirayuki: I wish you good luck.
Shirayuki: Hm? That...
Kal'tsit: Amiya, we'll conclude our work for today here.
Amiya: Alright, Dr. Kal'tsit.
Amiya: I'm not sure if the Doctor's asleep yet. I'll go and take a quick look.
Kal'tsit: Dr. {@nickname} possesses a peculiar set of norms.
Amiya: That might be true, but the Doctor's wellbeing is also very important!
Amiya: I'll turn in after I've checked on the Doctor. Is that alright, Dr. Kal'tsit?
Kal'tsit: ...Suit yourself.
Amiya: Mm-hm!
Shirayuki: So this should be Dr. Kal'tsit...
Kal'tsit: ......
Shirayuki: Her gaze, as though it flickered hither! Have I been found?!
Kal'tsit: ......
Shirayuki: (Seemingly, she has not noticed me. Yet that sensation, it was...)
Shirayuki: Forget it. As I am not found, I shall proceed.
Shirayuki: (Hm? Ahead, an impression of great noise... surmising from direction, likely the Engineering Department.)
Closure: Wait wait wait! No way! You're meant to kiss right freaking here, aren't you?! What are you hesitating for?! You're the heroine!
Closure: Ugh, come on, one of these scenes is enough! Don't do it every time! What's your PROBLEM, scriptwriter?!
Closure: Euuugh, I haaate this kind of development... How are they on their seventh season by now? And the reviews get crappier each time.
Closure: They're just dragging it out! That's all they're doing!
Closure: ...Dammit, but that boy's so hot. And he's in every episode!
Closure: Fine. I'll hang in there. Can't say it won't get better!
Shirayuki: Chief Engineer Closure.
Shirayuki: 'Tis alleged that the Rhodes Island ship was her plan alone. Fearsome.
Shirayuki: Yet this is not where the show's true ruin lies. The fourth season's spontaneous introduction of the supporting man; such was a nightmare.
Closure: What? You're kidding me?! I thought this was bad enough!
Shirayuki: ...You catch upon my words?!
Closure: Oh, shoot, I knee-jerked that one out.
Closure: Whatever, come down here.
Shirayuki: ......
Shirayuki: ...Since when?
Closure: The start.
Shirayuki: ......
Closure: Oh, don't get me wrong, your ninja techniques are real amazing stuff. Thing is, I just knew you were gonna do this from the start.
Shirayuki: ...'Twas my individual action, untied to anyone.
Closure: Alright, alright, loosen up. You think I'm treating you as a spy here or something?
Closure: Princess Fumizuki specially phoned up Amiya when she sent you over.
Shirayuki: ......?
Closure: When she did, she told Amiya, even if she had no ulterior motive sending you here, she was worried you might go a little overboard. So, she specifically warned us beforehand to keep our ears perked.
Closure: And she gave Amiya a couple details on your MO, so I've been a little extra aware of you the past while.
Shirayuki: ...This has naught to do with the Princess.
Closure: Jeez, you are some tough customer.
Closure: Y'know, now I get the feeling I can't really talk you over.
Closure: But if we actually treated you like a spy, wouldn't Kal'tsit have just dealt with you back there?
Shirayuki: ......
Closure: Basically, seeing as this is your first offense, don't you worry that anyone's gonna punish you, or that it'll reflect badly on your Princess.
Closure: But I don't recommend you try prowling around Rhodes Island like that again.
Closure: On the one hand, you'd absolutely, aaaaaabsolutely never get into the core. At least, the pipes won't let you.
Closure: But on the other hand, snooping into other people's privacy isn't super cool.
Closure: And don't you get tired doing that?
Shirayuki: I do not.
Shirayuki: I will not repeat this.
Closure: And you're gonna go find some other way instead, aren't you?
Shirayuki: ...I make no guarantee.
Closure: Wowie, do I wanna let Kal'tsit sic you. Loyal people are such a pain in the neck, honestly.
Closure: But whatever, Kal'tsit wanted me to tell you this instead. 'You may use your methods to observe Rhodes Island, but Rhodes Island is observing you too.'
Shirayuki: ...I understand.
Closure: Hey, honestly, if you're so bored at night you wanna roam around, you can come watch these stories with me.
Closure: You gave me the impression you've done a little research into them. Most of Rhodes Island are all outdoorsy types, and I'm starving for any compatriots of my own. It's killing me, c'mon.
Shirayuki: In continuing to watch this, you will truly find no value.
Shirayuki: I may recommend some. I know not if you possess them.
Closure: Alright, alright!
Closure: Lay 'em on me, and if I don't have them, I'll go find them for us to watch together!
Shirayuki: ...Very well.
