====================C001_003 おとぎ話の夜_0530.json====================
――――Once upon a time, there was a witch.
The moon tonight is a large blue pearl. The town sleeps softly in the depths of night, bordered by silver threads of moonlight.
The witch stands alone.
Her hair flutters in the night breeze, darker than any shadow.
Her white features seem pale in the moonlight, like those of a delicate sculpture.
She just stands there, facing away from me, and yet my eyes are still unnaturally drawn to her.
I feel a twinge of agony deep in my chest.It's like a tiny icicle is stabbing me through the heart.
That might be because of the witch's magic.
It doesn't even fade in the black of night.A deep black so beautiful I can't even blink.
If I look away for even a moment, I'm sure she'll disappear―――
Somehow, her fragility――
Terrifies me.
A long time ago, in a white castle on a hill, I learned how terrifying beauty in excess can be.
The mansion was surrounded by a high wall.Its white garden held many flowers, fountains and trees.It was just like a fairytale castle.
Everyone said it was impossible to climb the walls, so I summoned all my courage to prove them wrong......But I just kept falling, never making it to the other side.
Instead, I found a small gap in one of the fences.I quietly slipped through and went farther inside.
How far did I get?Before I knew it, I couldn't even see the walls anymore. I was completely lost.
The grounds were so big, and I was so small.I couldn't even tell what direction I was going in.
By the time I'd grown weary of walking,I stumbled out of the forest, and found myself before a white mansion.
To a child's eyes it looked like a real castle.It was so big, and so elegant.A white castle, straight out of a fairy tale.
This is a story from a colorful picture bookthat my mother would read to me before I went to sleep――
In a shining castle on a hill, there lived a gentle king and a beautiful princess.The king's gentle kiss breaks the vile witch's curse.A knight in silver steel slays the evil black dragon.
The last line is a well-worn magical phrase:They all lived happily ever after.
I was too stunned to think.I slowly approached the castle.And there......
A real princess was waiting for me.
???: "............"
A princess in a white dress, in a white castle.Something more beautiful than anything I'd ever seen.I couldn't take another step.
So I stood still......And allowed my childish mind to realize the fairy tale was real.
That was a dream I had when I was little――
A beautiful, fleeting fairy tale I forgot a long time ago――
Only back then―――Back when I was a child―――Could I innocently believe such a picturesque tale.
The older you are, the wiser you get.I became more cynical and got better with words.
Instead of picture books, I started downloading pictures of women in their underwear from foreign internet sites.
Everyone realizes it at some point.Nothing in the real world ends with a nice little "they lived happily ever after."
But still――
There are things we still have to do, no matter how hard life can get.
Izawa: "For fuck's sake, how long are they gonna make us wait?"
Benio: "You're so selfish......just wait a little longer, for the sake of love, justice and the people we protect."
Akihito: "You're fidgeting a lot yourself, you know."
Mayuki: "You need more endurance points, Benio-san. Didn't you say you'd go through Hell and high water for the sake of love and justice earlier?"
Benio: "I never said that."
Haru: "If you're going to strip for love, start from the back. Your butt is pretty adorable."
Akihito: "Do you have a butt fetish too?"
Benio: "Gaaa! Educational discipline!"
Izawa: "......every damn time. You people never run out of stupid things to fight about."
The crowds quickly dwindle away once you leave the heart of the city.They used to say night didn't exist here, but by the time we were born, things were changing.
Gray buildings and a gray sky.This area's declining in popularity because of the recession.At night, it's practically deserted.
Every city has a place like this.And like every city, they're also perfect for doing things in secret.
We're having a team meeting tonight.We meet twice a week, every week.
It's impossible to cut ties with every group and team out there.But then again, all humans are strangers to each other, no matter what. There's no end to the gaps between them.
Be it clubs, companies or military units, there needs to be a process of some kind to fill those gaps and help the group function.
There's some trouble happening tonight. That's why I'm leaning against my moped on the street corner, waiting, when I should be taking a shower and lying in bed.
Our guest of honor has yet to arrive, and I'm sick of waiting.
Haru: "O-Haru-san needs some love too. You promised the man would come at ten."
Benio: "You're...such a crude person......"
Mayuki: "Her life is full of excitement I cannot understand."
Akihito: "I'd still like to go home soon."
My shoulders stiffen as we wait.I always feel antsy when I'm waiting for something fun. But if it's something unpleasant, my stomach just hurts.
Izawa: "This is your fault, Mizuwa. Don't forget it. You need to stop throwing yourself into things every time you see a woman."
Izawa Shuu is our "Fighter", and a mad dog.He'd make a good "Rogue" too, but he goes berserk better than anyone.
He's a man known for being dangerous, even in the most dangerous parts of town. His life is the very definition of "lone wolf."A creature passing through the city at night.
Out of the eight classes, the Fighter stands front and center.Punch, kick, destroy――It's a simple job, but you need good instincts to pull it off.
And Izawa has more instinct than you could ever carry with two hands, though he has even more character flaws.
Izawa: "Stop wagging your tail near the food bowl, you stupid dog. Grow a spine."
Akihito: "Be nice to those in charge, and don't rock the boat. That's how to keep your life peaceful."
Haru: "So you're on Nananatchi's mailing list, huh?"
Mayuki: "The mystery is solved! The culprit is Boing-Boing! You're being deceived by her boobs!"
Mayuki: "Yes, the evidence is clear. I know Akihito-san spends every night chanting "Boobs, boobs!" to himself."
Akihito: "No I don't!"
Yuubana Mayuki is a liar.She's the smallest member of the team, but she looks mature behind her glasses.Her class is "Priest."
If the Fighter is the spear, then the Priest is the shield.
She's our team's literal guardian angel, even though she's so tiny.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, you're so nice to women, and only women. It's like your sweet tooth's 1.5 times bigger than the average man's."
Akihito: "......n-...no it...isn't......"
Haru: "You're stuttering, Master. You're stuttering a lot."
Benio: "I think it's a good thing, having a big one."
Haru: "Well, that's true. They say it's better to be deflowered by someone who's good with women. And with a big one too."
Benio: "T-t-t-t-that's not what I meant! B-besides, h-h-how did you know I'm a v-vir......"
Mayuki: "It's too obvious."
Benio: "But we're heroes! For the world and its people, I will crush the nefarious plans of the Four-Eyed Frog!"
Akihito: "She's not really a frog, so that should be......"
Mayuki: "Super heroine, Four-Eyed Flatchest! Actually, I think that's a metal band."
Izawa: "I'm getting sick of your stupidity, Ironing Board. Don't expect me to be a philanthropist if I don't get a single yen out of it."
Benio: "I'm not an ironing board!"
Akihito: "THAT'S the important part?"
Benio loves justice and unity.She's the type who values friendship and hard work.
Benio: "Besides......you know, Akihito's......the leader, so......he's got a lot to think about......And...I......trust him......quite a bit."
Benio: "I'm not sure why I said that......ehehe."
Izawa: "He only likes two-faced women."
Mayuki: "You know what they say. If you bend over backward to trust people, you'll only fall and crack your head open."
Haru: "Ah, youth. You get to enjoy each other for about five years, and then you'll get bored and go find someone else."
Benio: "You're so jaded......and you're not much older than us, O-Haru-san. We're only five years apart."
Mayuki: "Nine years for me, but they're clamping down on that so I can't say it in public."
Akihito: "But you just did."
Haru: "Five years, nine years......what's the big deal? But you know, you are still very, very young. While you can still come five times a night, you ought to try......"
Akihito: "......try what?"
Haru: "Obviously, mas――......"
Benio: "Educational discipline! Educational discipliiine!"
She goes red up to her ears and flashes a yellow card.Benio reacts promptly whenever the conversation heads that way.
Takekawa Benio is an ally of justice.She's a rich girl, and a fan of rock, period dramas and pro wrestling.She goes to a famous girl's school downtown.
I have no idea why, but her class is "Rogue."Rogues act as eyes and ears for their team, like the Merry Men of Sherwood Forest.
O-Haru-san, or Kasukabe Haru, looks like a big-boobed maid at first, but she's actually just a big-boobed pervert.
Though she does actually work at a maid cafe.
Haru's the oldest member of the team, and her class is "Mage."
I'm convinced whoever invented this system made up the names before deciding what any of them mean.
The Mage's role isn't even remotely Mage-like.Though she does do the most unbelievable things, so I guess it makes sense.
Akihito: "Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "I'm not Mayu-Mayu. Please call me Mayuki."
Akihito: "Don't you think it could work, Mayukin?"
Mayuki: "My complaint remains unresolved, but no matter. The image of a lone soldier fighting enemies at night is beautiful, but it's too ordinary. It lacks pizzaz."
Izawa: "......this wouldn't be such a pain in the ass if I was doing it alone."
Mayuki: "Could we create some kind of super event to get everyone's hearts racing?"
She looks ready to manipulate everyone into making it happen.
Akihito: "Reality's tough."
Benio: "Stop it! All of you, start acting like a team. Friendship plus effort equals victory!"
Izawa: "You're gonna make me throw up with all that friendship crap. Go take a cold shower and come back when you're thinking straight."
Mayuki: "Must be nice being the hot-blooded guy."
Haru: "They say there's no such thing as friendship these days. It's so sad."
Akihito: "Doesn't the fact that you're sad about it prove that you believe in friendship?"
Haru: "Unnya?"
Haru: "You know, O-Haru-san only goes with the flow."
She shakes her WMDs and plays dumb. She's a real opportunist at heart.
We're a team. We're not close enough to invite each other on our honeymoons, but we do share some common interests.
We share survival, not fate. It's as if we're wearing invisible explosive collars chained to each other. Five bullets loaded into a giant "gun."
Groups like us are called Coμ.Some might think we're warriors bound by a common destiny.They're not far off.
And――
The witch is our final member.
Kagome: "It's coming."
The witch sneers.
Hinaori Kagome.Some people call her the black witch.
Akihito: "――What direction?"
Kagome: "You're so dense, Akihito. An idle life dulls the mind. At least learn to sense someone's presence."
Akihito: "You're the only one here who can do weird stuff like that."
The witch always smiles to ridicule something.
She of all people had to be my childhood friend.I often wonder if she might be a real witch.
Hinaori Kagome can sometimes hear sounds others can't, and see things no one else can.
If there were other people who could use magic like her, we normal people would seem inept by comparison.
The older kids at school placed bets on whether she's an envoy from the demon world, or an android from the future.
I put 500 yen on her being a cybernetically enhanced demon called Kaeruganga.
Earlier, at dinner.
Kagome: "I'll prepare something special tonight."
Akihito: "Oooh? Did something worth celebrating happen?"
Kagome: "Done."
Kagome: "Vietnamese grilled frog."
Akihito: "........................!"
Kagome: "Eat every last shred."
I will never forget the look in Kagome's eyes.
――It was surprisingly tasty, by the way.
Kagome: "The rest is up to you. Try not to look stupid as you dance."
Benio: "All right, let's do this with spirit!"
Izawa: "Pain in the ass. I'll kill you all if you fuck this up."
Izawa spits, as if he's upset.He always acts like he's upset.
Akihito: "You'll be dead too if that happens."
Haru: "You can't have overtime if you don't have a shift to begin with."
Mayuki: "This is too normal to be inspiring. There's so much missing, we don't even have backstories to retcon everyone's raison d'etre in."
Akihito: "You'd settle for a retcon?"
Mayuki: "As long as it doesn't break continuity."
Despite the wait, it'll only take a moment to appear, once it arrives.We can't stop it. It's like sand falling through an hourglass.
――――There.
The first thing I see is a shadow.A shadow of something huge descending onto the roof of a dull building.
It dashes at the speed of a hurricane, breaking through the metal fence.
I'd guess it's at least three meters, as big as a trailer truck.
It must weigh a few tons at least. It crashes into the ground, having just fallen at least eight stories without slowing down.
The crash is deafening. It could probably wake everyone in this street up.
At least, that's what I expected, but the crash was almost soft.That's impossible, given its mass. The road surface isn't even cracked.
The black mass remains frozen in place, crouching under the moonlight.
Its overpowering presence gives us goosebumps.
Our base instincts scream that we're facing an enormous power.
So enormous, in fact, that its mere existence is a natural disaster. It's what humans look like to ants. A single swipe, a single step can produce destructive forces on par with a tornado.
Its ghastly pressure creates the image of an impregnable fortress atop a precipitous cliff.
The fortress writhes like a living being a mere twenty meters away from us.
It's truly alive. It's moving.
But it's no animal, of course.
There still exist some creatures that can get this big.Including the dinosaurs, some of them even go over thirty meters.
But if any of them tried to do what that black shadow just did, they'd die instantly.
Besides, nothing recorded in the history of our planet has ever overcome the cage of physics.
Thus, the entity before us doesn't qualify as an animal.
That's not just a hunch. I'm certain of it.
Humans can never achieve this.
The towers, walls and palaces within the fortress grind their rusty gears as they twist.
The sound of metal grinding against metal hurts my ears.
The fortress opens its hand. Its fingers are the length of human arms.
It extends arms the length of human bodies.
It rises.
It turns its head as it stands up.
Its legs are too large for an adult man to wrap his arms around.Its foot steps on the "Stop" sprayed in white on the road.
The streetlights cast a fantastic shadow on the ground.The fortress, when standing, resembles a human with its two arms and legs.
――Twice the size of a human.――Fully armored like a knight.――Warped and twisted like a devil.
A bluish-white giant――――
We call them avatars.
They are fantastical armored beings linked to groups of people called "connectors", thereby gaining a transient form of life.
Whoever invented that name must be proud of themselves.
Some anon typed that in a random corner of the net, and before he knew it, the name spread like a ripple through the electronic sea and the city's night life.
Avatars are categorized by their shapes and powers.There are six types overall, according to the eight-six system.
This bluish-white giant is one of them. An "Ivanhoe."
Ivanhoes are avatars that excel at close combat, with arms and legs like a human's. They can wield enormous weapons with ease and slice through their enemies.
The Ivanhoe glares at us, the group of dwarves blocking his path.
We humans are nothing compared to this giant soldier.It wouldn't even have to use its weapon.It could reduce us to dust with a mere kick.
The bluish-white giant roars.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
A high-pitched, static roar only connectors can hear.The deserted nighttime road rumbles.
The giant runs like the wind once more.
Steel grates, and dust scatters――That's all the noise it makes.
It's rushing toward us, but its footsteps are inaudible, as if they've been cut out.
The blue fortress charges like a silent tidal wave.Crushing humans is effortless for something that big.
The giant holds up a large spear and swings it, without any particular technique or timing.
A single swing is all we insects deserve.That's what its emotionless eyes say to us.
And it's right. Humans are below it. Not even worth mentioning.
――――But we're more than human.
Akihito: 
　　　　　　　"――――Come, Babylon."
The sound of clashing steel tears the night apart.
Neither me, nor any of the five behind me take a step back.
――――A pitch black arm grabs the blue spear in mid-swing.
Blue light swirls around the giant's hand.
That's the gate avatars use to teleport――
An arm reaches out of the light.A pitch-black arm, like onyx shrouded in darkness.
The black fist crushes the spear.
The giant spear shatters in the middle, even though the arm barely strengthened its grip.
A second arm manifests from the blue vortex.The Ivanhoe tries to flee, but the arm breaks through its shoulder.
The black claws easily break through its firm armor.
This time, the terrified blue knight is blown backwards.
The three meter tall lump of steel flies through the air, arcing high above our heads before tumbling to the ground.
Darkness crawls out from the blue light.
Steel fangs. A steel body. Steel legs.All of them are black, black, black.
A dragon――――
A pitch-black serpent king with four limbs and a snake-like neck.Its body is blacker than the night, then its brilliant eyes open all at once to show off blazing crimson light.
With just one punch, the black dragon turned the Ivanhoe's chest into a crater.
The giant struggles to prop itself up with its remaining arm.The black dragon proudly steps forward――――
The dragon's name is Babylon.Kasukabe Haru was the one who named that black devil.
Our avatar.
The protector and curse of its subjects, its kingdom, its "Coμ."
Coμ――A group of five connectors.The number of bullets needed for an avatar to fully function.
Six categories of avatars.Eight classes of connectors.
Avatars move when loaded with connectors.As we order. As we will.
Babylon roars with its steel throat――――
――――Now, may tonight's fairy tale begin.
====================C001_006 ある日、青い空の下_0530.json====================
――Let's talk about death.
This happened several years ago.
It's a scene from my memory so vivid it feels faded. That woman changed my life with that conversation, but I can't even remember her face.
Something a little unfortunate had happened back then, and every day felt gray.
I can overcome sadness. I can deal with pain.But this――
Every day I would climb up to the roof of my apartment complex and look down at the city, carrying a great gloom in my heart.
I gazed at the rows of unchanging roofs under an unchanging blue sky.
The metal fence dug into my fingers as I gripped it in irritation, but that just hurt my hand for no reason.
Back then, I spent every day on the roof by myself.That day, however, something was a little different:
Someone was there already.
She was sitting slovenly against the fence, gazing at the sky as if she had nothing better to do.
The young woman's face looked neither entertained nor bored. Of course, she was older than me. Her scent made me feel strangely flustered.
The tired woman on the corner of the roof carried the thick smell of blood――
Killer: ――I'm a killer.
The woman said that as if it didn't matter at all.
Did she think a child would find that funny?When I asked her that, she looked slightly puzzled.
Killer: ――I'm not very good at jokes.
Akihito: ――You smell of blood.
Killer: ――I just killed someone.
Akihito: ――......
Killer: ――No, really.
Killer: ――I'm a killer. Of course I kill people.
I'm not sure why I felt like believing her.Maybe so much misfortune had piled up that I didn't care anymore.
Akihito: ――......are you an assassin?
Killer: ――No, a killer. Nothing more.
Killer: ――Assassins go back to their clients with proof of the kill.
Killer: ――But I'm disposable, like an arrow. I kill and that's it.
Akihito: ――Did someone throw you away?
Killer: ――I'm heading back. They won't like that, but I'm going to.
Akihito: ――You don't mind if they hate you?
Killer: ――I'm strong. It's fine.
Akihito: ――Can you do anything you want if you're strong?
Killer: ――What else matters?
Akihito: ――............love? Courage? Hope?
I was extremely irritated, and I just wanted to say something.It didn't matter what.
So, I spouted some pretty words taken straight out of some manga.
She shrugged her shoulders, as if my answer was neither funny nor lame.
Killer: ――I'm not sure.
I sat down next to the killer on that deserted roof, and we talked about things.
Akihito: ――Why did you kill someone?
Killer: ――I was told to.
Akihito: ――Who did you kill?
Killer: ――Dunno.
Killer: ――I knew up until I killed them, but I forgot afterwards.
Akihito: ――Why did you forget?
Killer: ――Because it doesn't matter anymore.
Akihito: ――You won't remember them?
Killer: ――Why would I?
Akihito: ――What if they're lonely?
Killer: ――Dead people don't get lonely. They're not people anymore.
Akihito: ――......they aren't?
Killer: ――They become things.
Akihito: ――......what's the difference?
Killer: ――Things don't feel sadness or anger.
Akihito: ――My mother died......
Killer: ――That happens sometimes.
Akihito: ――Why did she die?
Killer: ――There's no reason for death.
Akihito: ――What happens when you die?
Killer: ――There's no meaning behind death.
Killer: ――You just become a thing.
Akihito: ――......are they still here......as things?
Killer: ――You could say they are. You could say they aren't.
Akihito: ――I don't understand.
Killer: ――Imagine you throw a pebble into a lake. What happens?
Akihito: ――It sinks.
Killer: ――Yes, it sinks and disappears. But it'll create ripples.
Killer: ――You can't see the stone, but it'll be there at the bottom.
Akihito: ――......you mean like a soul?
Killer: ――Do you believe in souls?
Akihito: ――My mother isn't here anymore......
Killer: ――You couldn't protect her because you were weak.
Killer: ――That's all there is to it.
Akihito: ――......
Killer: ――I'd like to know if there's another answer.
Killer: ――I've tried to find one.
Killer: ――But it never seems to work.
We babbled incoherently until the sun began to set. As I left, she said......
Killer: ――You can have one if you want.
Akihito: ――What?
Killer: ――The red pill or the blue pill. Pick whichever.
Akihito: ――......that's not a pill.
Killer: ――What? You haven't seen the trilogy?
Killer: ――I got this from someone else anyway.
Killer: ――I couldn't be bothered to get another so I kept using it, but you can have it if you want.
Akihito: ――......a...knife......a real one......?
Killer: ――Well, that's one answer.
Killer: ――This thing's dangerous, but it's a handy tool. It'll give you strength.
Killer: ――You can take it.
Killer: ――Or you can walk away, and this will never have happened.
Killer: ――Make your choice.
A scene from my memory so vivid it feels faded――
A lonely, pitiful fairy tale rusting deep in my heart――
====================C001_015 優しい王国_0530.json====================
――――I hate unfortunate women.
I always have, and always will.
Women in trouble.Women struggling to do the impossible.Women who've backed themselves into a corner.
None of them are any good.
It's the weak who draw the short straws in this world. It's irritating and depressing to see people wander around looking sad when they can't even understand something that simple.
Several times I thought I should just kick them away if they bother me that much.
Unfortunately, people can't just live however they want.Being a villain takes talent.
I, Mizuwa Akihito, learned that after enduring much conflict over the course of my life.
The sky above me looks so comfortable I can't help but heave a sigh of envy.
Maybe the sky has a surprisingly hectic lifestyle? I have no way of knowing though, so I'll assume it's living comfortably.
This is the new heart of Takakura City.
This city has a lot to annoy you with, but it's where I was born. I have to keep crawling around here with all the lessons and the scars I've acquired over the years.
I've been using this outdated cell phone for five or six years now. There's a mouse sticker under the cover.
When my friend put it there, I told her mice are lame, but she told me it was a hamster.
Even the color of the plastic is fading. She said she put the sticker on because she felt sorry for it.
The deformed rodent bares its teeth in a weird smile. It's mocking me.
I feel weird every time I see it, but for some reason I've never removed it. Even I don't know why.
I open up my phone and check the time.
Thirty minutes to sunset. It's a terrible sunset.The narrow slice of sky turning red between the skyscrapers stings my eyes.
I hate red.
It's flashy, yet inelegant.It makes me feel like I have phlegm in my throat.
It's awfully humid for spring. I don't feel like it, but I have work tonight.The sad truth is that you can't eat if you don't work.
I hold up a hand to the red sky, my eyes squinting from the bright color.
Today was relatively peaceful. Hopefully tomorrow will be as well.
At this time of day, the salarymen heading home and the kids out on the town fight for a place in the station.
The fastest way to get to work from here is to cut through the park, but it's very crowded.
The signal changes from red to green. The dam breaks and people flood the street.
Suddenly, I look up――
――And there she is.
On top of a building near the intersection.
With eccentric clothes more like an anime character than a normal person.
She sticks out from the crowds and streets like oil floating on water.
The people flow left and right as if nothing's there.She is there, but no one can see her.
Except for me.
She's an urban legend, a scrap of folklore found around the world.
A singing fairy tale girl only visible to the chosen ones.
......what are the "chosen ones?"Were they warriors from another dimension in past lives?Do they have special symbols on their heads?
It started two weeks ago――――
Before I knew it, "she" started appearing in the corner of my eye.Within three days, I was able to look directly at her.Ever since then, that ghost or whatever has been haunting me.
She's always singing, but without a voice, without an audience.I call to her, but she doesn't answer.
Someone in the electronic sea named her after watching her sing.
She's nobody, so――Girl A.
I haven't met anyone else who's seen her. Last week, when she appeared in broad daylight, I asked a friend I was with if she could see anything, and she laughed at me.
But if you look around the net, you'll find plenty of sightings.The singing girl is starting to become famous in Takakura City.
Apparently, Girl A can only be seen by the "chosen ones."
Hmm......
I used to think I was immune to delusions and daydreams like that, so it was kind of a shock.
So much for being a realist. I feel duped.
It's easy to tear apart a couple of ghost stories.I could rip this story to shreds with pleasure if I wanted to.
The only reason I don't is because I feel strangely uneasy.
She's here. She's close.
I feel like I could touch her if I reached out.
And yet she doesn't feel real at all.
A strange sensation, like the boundary between dreams and reality is dissolving.
It's like I'm seeing a pure white dream during the daytime.
I can't laugh it off as a stress-induced hallucination, but I'm not crazy enough to blindly believe urban legends either.
She's always in high places.
Girl A always appears too far away to reach, as if she won't allow foolish humans to be anywhere near her.
A refined countenance looking at us crawling around on the ground.She merely sings her song, like a princess of noble blood, or perhaps a shrine maiden weaving prophecies with omniscience.
I don't know anything, and I can't do anything besides bite my fingernails and gaze at the princess from afar. The only progress I've made is getting used to it.
She spooked me at first, and I wondered if I was going insane, but after seeing her day and night for two weeks, she's just part of my daily life now.
I'm a little surprised by how well I adapted.
I'm fairly resistant to crazy events.
I'm not stupid enough to think I know everything reality has to offer.
There's another world out there, beyond the boundaries of my own.
Those boundaries are simply places where I stopped exploring.
―――Thus, whenever I cross them, I inevitably change.
This is a gentle kingdom. No matter how ridiculous something sounds, you can't say for sure it won't happen.
......or so they say, but seriously, there's gotta be a limit somewhere.
Salaryman: "――Don't just stop like that in the middle of the sidewalk."
As I stared at her, a salaryman bumped into me from behind. He spits on the ground, irritated.
The crowded throngs scorn and sneer anew at every moment, with dry strangers' faces.
Akihito: "Sorry about that."
I lower my hips and smile.
Other people are nothing but trouble. I know some guys who'd willingly burn bridges, but I'm a coward.
My pride is a small price to pay for preventing conflict.
I bow as many times as it takes for the other guy's anger to fade.I happen to look harmless, which is handy at times like this.
The owner of the bar I work at said older women would like me.
The signal flashes green. I quickly cross the street.On the way, I delete the mental image of the middle-aged man snorting at me.
After I reach the other side of the street, the signal changes behind me and the row of cars starts moving.
She's still there, same as before.
No words. No answers.
Once again she sings all by herself.
Tianwen: "Ghosts in this day and age? And a girl too......if you're feeling unsatisfied, I can help, you know. I can show you our city's wonderful night life."
The bar's owner is Chai Tianwen. His motto is "always with a smile."
Tianwen: "Even ghost girls fall for you. You really do have the perfect protagonist physique, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "There's no such thing."
His bar, Izalone, is in a basement two roads away from the business district's main street.
It hasn't opened for the night yet so there's no one here, unlike most of the other bustling places around here.
The locals all see it as a little-known place where you can take it easy and get some unusual kinds of sake.
After taking stock as usual, I clean the shop.
Tianwen: "Yes there is. Some men trigger the flags of every girl they meet until a big fight breaks out and they tear him to pieces."
Akihito: "Why would they kill the protagonist!?"
Tianwen: "It's a tough role these days. Can't let your guard down."
I've been working here for five months, yet I still can't tell how serious he's being at times like this.
Akihito: "I'm more of a side character, if anything."
Tianwen: "Do you lack independence? Is something wrong with your lifestyle?"
Akihito: "If I was gonna star in anything it'd be school life, not daytime melodrama."
Tianwen: "I'll keep your position secret."
The owner stops polishing glasses for a moment, touches a finger to his lips and winks evilly.
This man makes everything feel strangely sexual. Many people come for just that reason.
It's not a bad place to work though. The owner's actually pretty strict, but he pays well. Though it'll be a pain if my school or the cops learn about this.
Tianwen: "Well, there's been a lot of strange rumors lately. Keep your eyes open."
Akihito: "Rumors? After that ghost girl, I've seen enough urban legends for at least three months."
Tianwen: "I'm impressed you aren't freaking out about it."
Tianwen: "That's right, the rumors......what was it again...something about a UFO animal......"
I tilt my head.
Akihito: "......maybe you mean UMAs? Unidentified mysterious animals. Like chupacabras or witches or in-laws."
Tianwen: "Yes, that's it. Like Nessie and Sasquatch."
Akihito: "No one talks about those two anymore."
Tianwen: "So basically, "Eat shit you culturally illiterate relic from Shouwa!""
His eyes tell me he isn't smiling on the inside. I'm scared.
Tianwen: "About those rumors, that UMA......mystery animal? Beast? Some kind of strange creature keeps getting seen."
Tianwen: "I'm beside myself with worry that the beast might bite your head off, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "Thanks for your concern. Beasts aside, I'm nice to girls so I won't be getting torn apart on any melodrama."
Tianwen: "The nicer the man, the harder it is to break up with them."
Now there's a nasty thought.
Tianwen: "Also, Akihito-kun, you're only nice to girls. I don't think it's good to have such obvious double standards."
Akihito: "How do you know that!?"
Despite his silliness, he's sharp. I have my business smile on at all times in here and he still sees through it.
Tianwen: "Chien-chan's twenty-five. He knows men well."
Chai Tianwen――
He's generous, but can be a bit too dark. His trademark glasses adorn a well-shaped, fair-skinned face. I've heard rumors he's mixed race.
Akihito: "You've gotta be at least thirty."
Tianwen: "Ran-ra-ra-ruun♪"
He'll never let me know his true age.
Akihito: "......I'm a feminist. That's why I'm nice to girls."
Tianwen: "Eeeh?"
Akihito: "Got. A. 
Problem. With. That?"
I overpower him.
Tianwen: "Of course not. I'm always on your side when I feel like it, Akihito-kun. I affirm a greater love for you than the sea or the sky."
Suddenly he's behind me.
Akihito: "............Sir?"
Tianwen: "What is it?"
Akihito: "Please stop touching me there."
Tianwen: "Uhuhu, such a cute butt."
Akihito: "Seriously, I'll stab you if you keep it up."
Tianwen: "Oh, don't hold back! I have broad tastes! Now, shove it in me!!"
Akihito: "Die."
Tianwen: "Kyaaa! My eyes! My precious eyes!"
I poke him right in the glasses. It's taboo to do that to four-eyed people, but when my chastity's on the line, I can't be choosy.
I look down at my boss, writhing around on the floor and holding his eyes.
Akihito: "Does it feel good?"
Tianwen: "Oh, come to think of it, there's an errand I wanted you to run before we open."
Akihito: "You need to learn when to give up."
I head outside to run the errand. The real world is too harsh for me to spend all day thinking about the ghost girl.
To make sure I get back in time, I head through the central park again.
There's a huge forest inside Takakura Central Park.
This land of green almost feels out of place a few hundred meters away from the pleasure quarter.
It gets a little darker at night, making it easy for shady things to happen in there.
I've heard one of the biggest factories in the country used to be here during the war, but after it ended it became a public park.
It's a tourist attraction now. If you peel off the veneer from the city, you'll find a mosaic of sights just about anywhere you go. 
Some homeless people live illegally in green tents among the trees. During the day, stalls line the central road and performers fight for the pedestrians' attention.
I walk through the park along the road. In my hand is a can of coffee from a vending machine I saw on the way.
Whenever I see a new flavor I immediately want to try it, even though I know cheap stuff all tastes the same. It's an irrational hobby.
Girl in Uniform: "Hey, Aaa-kun!"
A girl in a school uniform smoking on a park bench waves at me.
Her blond hair and jewelry shake back and forth.
Akihito: "Abe......what are you doing? You're not the type to take walks out here. Go home."
Abe Sumako is a free spirit with a habit of running away from home and wandering aimlessly. Her territory is near this park and she tends to wander around the business district in her school uniform. No doubt people have called social services about her.
Abe: "About thaaat......hehehe, I'm running away!"
She makes a V sign.
Akihito: "Again?"
I can't believe her. I purposefully sigh loudly.
Abe: "I'm out of places to go, so can I stay with you again?"
Akihito: "No."
Abe: "Aaah, right, your girlfriend was scary. You're the type to do whatever she says."
Akihito: "......"that" wasn't my girlfriend, Abe-san."
Abe: "Then what? Your lover?"
Good question. Maybe a great white shark with a suckerfish attached to it?The suckerfish being me, of course.
Akihito: "......"that" aside, I don't believe in getting deeply involved with people. Don't expect too much."
Akihito: "Besides, you shouldn't be asking men to take you into their rooms. Don't blame me if you get taken advantage of."
Abe: "You didn't do anything last time I stayed."
Akihito: "......I didn't feel like it. Men aren't starving every day of the year."
Abe: "Ah, does that mean......Aaa-kun, you a cherry boy? Scared of doing it?"
Akihito: "Not that."
Abe: "You don't mean......it doesn't work?"
Akihito: "Enough about my sex life!"
Abe: "But there are rumors."
Akihito: "About what?"
Abe: "They say there's a boy working at a bar just off the main street who'll help any girl in trouble."
Akihito: "......"
Rumors spread like wildfire without warning. The slightest thing can add to your reputation.
Abe: "And you did let me stay at your place."
Akihito: ".........I'm just a feminist."
Akihito: "So don't expect that much from me."
Abe: "Are you trying to act cool now?"
Akihito: "Shut up."
Abe: "Okay, okay, fine, I get it. Aaa-kun's not a nice guy after all. Just a lonely cool guy."
Akihito: "You're really annoying."
Abe: "So what? It's true."
No it's not.
Akihito: "Anyway, Abe, how many times have you run away this year? This your third?"
Abe: "Fifth."
Akihito: "How!?"
Abe doesn't get along well with her family. It's an established custom for her to leave and come back every so often.
Abe: "By the way, Aaa-kun......"
Akihito: "Please stop calling me that."
Abe: "I never thanked you for last time. Truth is, I'd rather stay with Miiko, but her suspension just ended so her parents are being strict."
Abe's more honest than her disheveled appearance suggests. She lowers her head in thanks.
Abe: "Thanks for doing that, Mizuwa."
Where the hell are you from?
Akihito: "Don't mention it. It was nothing."
Akihito: "Ah, are you still smoking? I told you to stop that before you get lung cancer."
Abe: "Aaa-kun......you sound like an old man when you talk like that."
That hurt a little.
Akihito: "Anyway, I'm in a hurry right now. I'm running an errand for work."
Abe: "I see. Sorry for interrupting you."
She slouches back down with the cigarette still in her mouth.
Abe: "Invite me to your place sometime, Aaa-kun. I'd be down for doing it with you and Miiko."
Akihito: "............you really should quit that job while you still can."
Abe: "See you later, Aaa-kun."
Akihito: "......I'm serious."
Strangers will always be strangers. Everyone's alone in the end.
If I get involved, I'll just be dragged down with her.
My hands are full with my own problems as it is. There's no way I can handle hers too.
Abe: "I'll be fine, Aaa-kun. I won't even charge you!"
She sends me off with a shout and a wave, embarrassing me. The city is as busy as ever tonight.
For instance, in one corner of the city―――
DD: "Heya, heading home? Skipping school?"
Akihito: "Neither. The owner sent me on an errand."
DD: "I was just closin' up. Jealous? On a night like this you gotta rent an AV, down a six-pack and hit the sack."
His sunburnt face holds a friendly business smile. DD's around my age, but he runs a stand full of handmade fashion accessories.
By the way, his real name is Tanaka Ichirou. He chose DD for his street name. Apparently it's cool.
DD: "By the way, have you heard what the gangbangers are up to?"
DD: "They say Wild Bunch and Gryffindor are gonna go at it soon."
DD: "This is why I can't stand those angry types. They can go beat the shit out of each other for all I care. Amen, soumen, nanmandabu and all that crap."
For instance, in another corner of the city―――
Girl in Uniform: "Hey, hey, we're open right now, how about it? Actually, the old bastard canceled his appointment at the last minute, jerk."
Akihito: "Sorry, I'm in a hurry."
A uniformed girl, I think her name's Youko. She's been holding up around here lately. I think she's two years younger than me.
Girl in Uniform: "Only two thousand yen! ......hmph, cheapskate!"
For instance, in yet another corner of the city―――
Drunkard: "'Ooo sole miiiooo!!"
The night's still young but some drunk guy's already singing. I pretend not to notice him.
Takakura City is a melting pot. It was a trading port in the past.
In the pleasure quarter you hear less Japanese than other languages. Chinese, Korean, Russian, South American and Middle Eastern people can all be found there.
The south side of the station in particular might as well be mystery soup. There's plenty of guys there with no passports or visas.
The groups those people form are impossible to keep track of.
I pass through the park, and turn back to look at the city.
My birthplace feels as distant and cold as any stranger.Years ago, my family moved away for work reasons.I came back here half a year ago.
Far away.Tall buildings I don't remember.An unfamiliar night skyline.
Five years ago.A major incident took place in this city.The city changed in big and small ways.
For better or for worse,I wasn't here when it happened.
My memory shakes.The past and present intersect.
――Old memories. A sad farewell. Deep pain.
――Old memories. Red. Something I lost.
――Old memories. Gouged-out resolve. Unhealing scars.
――A piano sonata. An iron bridge. The memories are red.
――Before I knew it, it was red.
The ground, the walls, everything I could see was the same color.Just red, as if someone threw a bucket of paint around.
They're dancing.
Things that were people a moment ago.What used to be people are now changing into something else.
Spinning around.Like marionettes with their strings cut.The blood gushing from their necks spins round and round.
A smile.The same face that smiled at me a moment ago.And yet, it was so hollow and empty.
I'm sure――――
That was the edge of a world.
――It was just a coincidence.
My mother entered a convenience store.
Unfortunately, someone was already there, in the process of threatening the cashier with a knife.
That one little knife stopped everyone from moving.
The man snatched the money from the register and ran.
That ordinary story should have ended there. There were surveillance cameras. The man would run, but he'd be caught soon.
―――That's not how it ended.
There was one unfortunate customer in his way. The man bumped into her, and for whatever insane reason, he swung his knife.
His knife severed my mother's carotid artery.
By the time the ambulance arrived, it was far too late.
The man was arrested the next day. They even told us he was a minor, high on drugs at the time.
This is a gentle kingdom.
Tragedies and comedies are equally common here.
The world is an irrational altruist, allowing anything and everything to happen.
Though if it really did allow everything, we would see more gods, allies of justice, and fairy godmothers with pumpkin carriages.
I've never seen any of those. Maybe no one was a suitable candidate.
――Which is why, Abe......
There's no way you can afford to worry about me, considering where you are.
====================C001_020 夜の騎士_0530.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "I'm a knight, so......"
Shinomiya Yoruko is a knight.
One who serves a king, presenting him victories.
A knight has but one role:
To fight.She follows orders, destroying the king's enemies.
Yoruko fights, and fights, and fights.
Tonight is no different――
Yoruko jumps.
Her beret's ribbon flutters under the moonlight like the tiny wings of a nocturnal faerie. Her slender limbs rise along with her breath as she leaps from roof to roof over the narrow alleys.
Every so often she turns around, as if checking something in the darkness behind her. She sees a concrete plain dyed in every color of neon light, not even a single kitten in sight.
Two swords follow behind Yoruko like faithful servants.
However, they're too large and oddly-shaped to call swords.Each one is as long as she is tall.
The two swords fly through the air, racing through the night alongside Yoruko.
The three of them run.
Under the darkness of night, they fly across the rooftops.
She turns around again.No one's there.
Yoruko feels momentary relief. Just then, an enormous shadow flies high over her head, right across the moon.
The new heart of Takakura City――
The crowds clamor below her feet, tainted with the venomous neon of the business district.
The "new heart" of the city――Who was the first to give this area that name?The scenery below her was hardly what she'd call "new."
It's a labyrinth.A crossroads of misleading temptations, woven out of people and illusions.
She didn't know who started calling it that, but she did know when they did.
There was an incident five years ago.
A terrorist attack orchestrated by some religious cult that was prophesying the "end of the world."
It was a serial bombing campaign unheard of in this country ever since the war half a century ago. The news was in a panic all across the country.
Many people died.
Several buildings north of the train station were targeted, killing several people in the "old heart."
After it was all over and the city had healed its wounds, the south side of the station had become even more diverse, and so people began calling it the "new heart."
Yoruko: "――――"
The boulder flying over Yoruko's head lands―or perhaps crashes―into a water tower.
The impact is surprisingly quiet.
The chilling, overpowering presence of that thing gives her goosebumps.
The flashing neon lights illuminate its shape.
――An impossible creature stands before her.
A giant―A fantastical giant.
It stands over three meters tall, with a strange body more akin to a monkey than a man.
The claws on both its hands are as sharp as any famous sword, and its mouth contains forty-one fangs.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■――――!
The giant roars from a mere five meters away.
The voiceless roars of these monsters can only be heard by a specific kind of human.
Its single, glowing red eye faces Yoruko.It kicks the ground with legs like tree trunks.
The three-meter giant charges.It runs at the speed of wind, effectively making it a humongous cannonball.
Yoruko is a knight.A knight's role is to follow orders, destroying the king's enemies.
However, real knights are neither as noble nor beautiful as they appear in stories.
This is a war.
Thus――
Yoruko immediately runs.
This isn't the right place.Not yet――
She leaps to the right, out of the cannonball's path.Only ten meters to the edge of the roof.
That's a dead end for her. Past the short fence is the main street.Unless she can fly, she can't run away in that direction.
Despite that, Yoruko runs and runs and runs.She runs as fast as she can.
The giant is moving faster than her. Its movements appear sluggish, but that's an illusion created by the difference in scale.
One step for a giant is several times that for a human. It propels its huge, long limbs like a predator.
Just three steps before she reaches the fence, a long monkey-like tail catches up to her. It won't even need a second.
Its claws come down――
Those claws can literally cut through boulders, so a human would be nothing. No normal person could block them.
But just before those steel claws touch Yoruko, an invisible shield deflects them.
It's impossible.
But――
Yoruko is still unharmed. She continues running, unconcerned.
The giant gnashes its steel fangs with enmity.
Yoruko: "Fiver! Blackberry!"
Yoruko calls her "swords."
In response, her "swords" take up positions to act as a pair of shields.
The invisible barrier blocks two more swipes from the claws of death.
――Those swords are Yoruko's weapons.
The swords move alongside Yoruko.The swords protect Yoruko.
Shinomiya Yoruko runs away from the claws of death. She runs. She runs.
She reaches the fence then jumps over it without hesitation, into the open air high above the ground.
The monster behind her laughs in ridicule. She's a couple of dozen meters above the ground. A human would be easily pulverized by a fall from that height.
Yoruko doesn't fall.She grabs onto her sword.
The flying sword pulls her up, allowing her to ignore gravity and leap across all four lanes of traffic.
She flies toward the building on the far side of the street.
Yoruko: "Hu......!"
Yoruko fails the landing, and tumbles around on the roof. She quickly picks herself up and checks the opposite building, but the monster is long gone.
――Did it run away?
Most of those giants are slow and dull, designed for close combat.They can't jump this far. Assuming it did give up......
Yoruko: "......no, it's coming."
Its connectors are afraid.Which means――
It's chasing her.
It's coming to kill her.
That's the one and only way to wipe out their terror.
Yoruko prepares herself.
She forces her breathing back to normal.This isn't what she'd planned, but it's convenient.
The wind blows once.
Yoruko: "Bigwig......come."
Blue-white light swirls around her feet.
The same light appears in the center of the roof.
Yoruko: "――!?"
Yoruko gasps.She hadn't expected that.
Swirling blue light.The two phenomena are the same:
It's the light from the gates avatars use to transport themselves.
Yoruko: "――"
She realizes she's failed. She underestimated her enemy.Transporting right in front of the enemy is a risky move,but her opponent made that decision without hesitation.
It comes out of the light.Steel arms. Steel feet. A steel body――――
At this rate, she'll be too late.
One or two seconds until impact.Not enough time for her to defend.
Yoruko is a knight.A knight has but one role:To follow orders, destroying the king's enemies.
――She hardens her resolve.
Yoruko: "Bigwig!"
She shouts at the third sword, whose tip is just appearing from the gate.
Yoruko: "――――Ansetzen!!"
――――Yoruko gives the order.
====================C001_030 夜子との出逢い_0530.json====================
By the time I buy what the owner wanted and start heading back, it's already time for Izalone to open.
I can't keep him waiting too long. With a fresh can of coffee in hand, I quickly run through the park.
There's a drunkard lying on the bench, slurring something at me, but I avoid making eye contact as I pass him.
――――At that moment!
A flash of light, brighter than any other in the city.A low, heavy noise tears through the night like an earthquake.
The silhouettes of the skyscrapers line up like saw teeth.Behind them, a dark line rises into the pitch black sky,like a signal fire marking the edge of the world.
My mind goes blank. There's no time to think.I can hear the silent sound of my watch rolling back five years―――
There was an incident five years ago.One of Japan's very few serial terrorist attacks, it lasted seven days and seven nights.
I only know about it through the news reports.But for this city, that incident is an unforgettable scar.
And right now―――
Akihito: "What was that――!?"
An explosion.Near the business district.The bar. The owner――
My legs start running all on their own, my flickering thoughts failing to settle.
I can clearly see the black smoke rising into the night sky like a curse, even near the station. At a distance, the flash looks like a bad special effect.
The explosion happened in the business district, but it doesn't look that close to Izalone. The owner's luck continues to hold out.
The main street is packed with onlookers.
Many look scared or worried, but some eyes glisten with curiosity. As long as no embers fly toward them, a stranger's misfortune is the ultimate entertainment.
Cell phones of all the colors of the rainbow are held up like candles, each making the same camera shutter sound. Once again, a new discussion topic is thrown into the electronic sea.
I look to one side for no particular reason.There I see――
Akihito: "――――"
――――A girl.
A tiny silhouette that could easily be lost in the crowd, passing in and out between the onlookers filling the street.
Our eyes meet by coincidence.
A sharp gaze like a drawn bowstring.A dark smell comes from her awkward, unfeminine form.
I feel slightly nauseous. The color of that evening passes over my eyes again.
Red. Red. Red――
She has a unique air about her.
It's like a wolf that wandered into a flock of sheep.She bares her fangs not to herd them, but to tear them apart.
Everyone is facing the same way, magnetized toward the smoke.Except for her.
She's glaring in a completely different direction.
Sirens echo continuously through the intersection.
Firefighters. Paramedics. Police――The onlookers keep their distance as the red lights descend.
She notices me and breaks eye contact.For a moment I thought she disappeared――
But she's still right there, not moving at all.
――The smell of blood.
That's the dark shadow I smelled behind her.
She looks very young, and she's covered in the smell of blood. Her shoulders heave up and down as if she'd just ran a marathon.
This girl's involved in something dangerous. I'd bet money on it.
She might have some bothersome circumstances.She might be in a situation with no clear solution.
But so what?
Misfortune is everywhere.It's normal.
Getting involved just leads to more trouble.The result is always the same.
I should get back to the bar.We probably won't get many customers tonight, but it's better than getting mixed up in this mess.
Akihito: "――――"
My feet betray me. I stand right there, unmoving. Et tu, mon pieds?
No. Even if they weren't betraying me, I still wouldn't be able to move.
Because I hate her.
I've never seen her before in my life. She's just some random girl I bumped into on a street corner―but her face irritates me more than anything.
The girl standing there is so small and frail.It feels like she could get buried by the crowd if she went into it.
And yet she has a nauseating stench of blood about her, and her eyes have so much strength in them it annoys me.
The eyes of a woman thinking hard.A woman backed into a corner with no other options.A woman that can't fall any farther.
―――She's trouble.
The smell of blood. A dangerous pipsqueak.
She's everything that could make me lose my appetite. I fail to control my anger, and the searing heat in the pit of my stomach drives my feet forward before I can think.
With no clear intent to do anything in particular, I take the first step forward――――
Yoruko: "――――――Out of my way!!"
Suddenly, the girl runs.Sharp and fast, like a hunting dog.
There's something at her feet."Swords"――
They look too mechanical to be swords, but they clearly have a similar shape.
Akihito: "――――!?"
A destructive sound reverberates from a completely different direction.
A brown passenger car in front of a glass-walled building is suddenly crushed.
The chassis bends like a straw, as if an invisible boulder just crash-landed on it.
Glass shards, chassis parts, and torn-off doors.I hear not only reverberations from the crash, but the roar of the wind and screams from the onlookers.
That doesn't sound like normal wind.That's the sound of something incredible cutting through the air.
――Something's there.
I think that, despite my lack of evidence.
I can't see it, but it probably jumped off a building, landed on that car, and is now jumping somewhere else――
A faint metallic sound grinds less than a meter away.Something just landed there.
―――I see it.
Akihito: "――――"
I can't describe it.It's right here, close enough to touch.
―――What IS that thing?
The bizarreness of it freezes me.I can't even think, much less say anything.
The first word that pops into my head is "monster."
A steel body. Two legs and two arms with sharp claws. It's easily over three meters tall, but if you ignore the size its shape is very humanoid.
It's a steel giant.
An undeniably fantastic shape.A delusion from a child's fantasy or the product of an anime.
This isn't a real thing. There's no way this should be possible.
I know for sure it can't be real, but there it is, standing right in front of me.
My legs cower before its overpowering presence. The one good thing about this situation is my nerves are too numb with shock to feel any fear.
It doesn't have even a fragment of the daydream-like vagueness that my other delusion―that Girl A had.
More than anything, the monster's size is crushing.It symbolizes destructive magic and violent heat.
When it comes to a monster like this, humans can literally be swept aside without leaving a mark.
The debris and the force from the previous calamity blow across the main street and shake the windows.
But something's wrong.
You'd expect the masses to scream at the sight of this monster, but no one does. For a moment I wonder if every single one of them is frozen stiff.
It soon hits me:
The giant's outline is quivering like a shadow. Unless I focus on it, it looks like it's melting into the scenery.
That must be some kind of disguise.
It's like a chameleon blending in with its environment, fooling both predators and prey.
Not one of the onlookers crossing the street notices the invisible giant.
In fact, if it raced off into the night at the same speed it jumped, people would dismiss it as their imagination even if it rushed right past their faces.
Akihito: "――――!"
The invisible giant reaches out with arms like tree trunks and claws sharper than any sword.
Their target is――――
That girl.
She's already right in front of me.Running. Running. Running.
She charges straight for the wall of people, the ribbon on her beret fluttering, without any fear of the giant obstructing her.
Yoruko: "Ansetzen, Bigwig――――!!"
The girl gives an order.
The boorish sword at her side glints.
Akihito: "――――"
The light renders my mind blank.
Time flows like glue. A single second stretches into eternity.
After several seconds, color returns to the world.
Two seconds......five seconds......ten seconds......
Nothing changes as I wait. I expected a second explosion, but nothing.
The onlookers who saw the flash start making noise, despite not knowing why.
I look around again.
――――There's nothing here.
No giant, no girl, nothing.As if everything that just happened was a fleeting dream.
Akihito: "Hey......y――..."
As my eyes scan the area,I spot a small figure slipping into a back alley.
Akihito: "――Hey, wait up!"
I push through the crowd and chase after her.
The rational part of my brain is telling me to stop.
And yet――
I know I'm doing something stupid.
I reach out, but hesitate.
Some rational part of my brain tells me to stop this.
That girl is trouble. Big trouble.If I step forward, nothing good will come of this.
There's nothing to be gained by reaching out.There's no way the benefits will outweigh the risks――
Akihito: "Hey, wait up!"
――I know that.
I push through the crowd and chase after her.
I still don't know why I feel like doing this.
Akihito: "......oh."
There was no need to run.The girl is crouched down just inside the alley.
Akihito: "......you alive?"
I poke her side with my foot.
Yoruko: "......mu...u......"
She's alive.
She's even smaller than when I first saw her.
Akihito: "............"
The troublesome girl has lost consciousness.Her face is pale. Her breathing is shallow. Sweat lines her forehead.
I can still smell blood on her.It's the ultimate sign of trouble.
Not one of the onlookers is looking this way.They're all focused on the explosion.
Akihito: "............"
I can't think of any complaints to voice or jokes to crack, so I turn around and look up.
The smoke rises into the pitch-black sky like a signal fire, painting the night an even darker shade of black.
A pink cell phone falls to my feet from the girl's hand――――
====================C001_040 山田花子の診療所_0415.json====================
The Yamada Clinic is gloomy.
These are the ruins of what was once a hospital. It looks completely derelict on the outside, and the interior is little different.
The girl sleeps on one of the few clean beds in the dark clinic.
I thought about leaving her several times along the way, but in the end, I brought her all the way here.
......this is what they call "digging your own grave."
Hanako: "Mild burns. Bruises. A concussion. Lacerations."
Yamada Hanako.A woman with the most generic name ever lives in the ruined clinic.
Hanako: "And there might be a few cracks in her arms and ribs."
Akihito: "What do you mean, "might be?" Hana-sensei?"
Her hair hangs straight down, covering more than half her face. For that reason, it's hard to read her expressions.
We sit down on a sofa ridden with holes in what's left of the lobby. She hands me a medical chart with hasty scribbles on it.
Hanako: "The truth is, I'm not a proper doctor, and this isn't a proper hospital."
Akihito: "I know that."
That's why I come here whenever there's trouble.
Hanako: "We can't take any X-rays. That's why I don't know if she has fractures or not."
Akihito: "......so why are you showing me her chart?"
A few years ago, some doctor named Yamada ran this place.
Medical skills aside, he had zero business sense. His clinic was constantly in the red; before long, he had to pack up and move back to the countryside.
The effects of the recession spread everywhere. No one ever showed up to buy this hospital after it was abandoned.
One Sunday, Mr. Yamada's daughter showed up.
There were rumors about his daughter feeling a duty to revive her father's clinic and become the bastion of health care in our city's suburbs―unfortunately, it didn't work out like that.
In reality, he and his daughter had merely grown apart.
His daughter took a liking to living in an abandoned hospital.
She quickly handled the legal difficulties, then put her nameplate on what was otherwise a haunted house.
She's been living here ever since, and the hospital remains in disrepair.
The Yamada Clinic is gloomy. Its sole resident is also gloomy.People still say she and this place are haunted.
Hanako: "Out of curiosity, what happened this time? Why'd you come here instead of going to the police or a real hospital?"
Akihito: "It would've been too hard to explain."
If I brought this girl to the police, what would I tell them?"I saw this girl fighting an invisible giant downtown and she got hurt so I brought her here."
It'd be a 50-50 chance on whether they'd laugh it off and take her anyway, or recommend me a local psychiatrist.
Akihito: "So, can you explain her injuries to me in layman's terms? I know you work here unlicensed, but you HAVE been to med school, right?"
Hanako: "Not that I did much while I was there. By the way......"
Hanako: "I am a licensed nurse right now. At your school, no less."
Akihito: "I know that."
Hana-sensei is in fact the nurse at my school.She has a real license and everything.
Hana-sensei is a terrifying person. When her hair's up, she's surprisingly beautiful. In the 21st century, she looks more like a shoujo manga character than a real human.
What's below her face is even scarier. Under her white lab coat is a camisole, but no bra. That ensemble can only be called a weapon.
She calmly walks through a den of lusty schoolchildren with 96G superweapons hanging off her chest, making her the target of their envy.
Her very existence is a weapon. If her daily presence pushed one of the boys to commit a sex crime, and I was one of the jurors, I'd vote not guilty.
The scariest part is that she doesn't even seem to realize it.
Society is harsh."I have no idea what she's thinking." "She's so gloomy." "She never takes a hint." "I feel a weight on my shoulders when she's around." Et cetera.
Dark and mysterious people are quickly alienated.Yamada Hanako―people call her "the dejected beauty."
Hanako: "To put it simply, she's only mildly injured."
Akihito: "......then what was that smell?"
Hanako: "Smell?"
Akihito: "Blood. My nose is pretty sensitive. I'm like a dog."
I've been very sensitive to it.――Ever since then.
Hanako: "That's not a problem. She's just on her period."
Akihito: "Pffft!"
I spit out all the tea I was just drinking.
Hanako: "The amount of blood varies depending on the individual. She seems to produce a lot, but she's only using normal-sized pads."
Hanako: "Tampons and other devices work better for some people, so there's never an objectively superior choice."
Hanako: "You have to try lots of different things until you find something that works."
Hanako: "Isn't that right?"
Akihito: "Don't talk about that to a guy my age!"
Hanako: "......it's just basic biology. There's nothing to be embarrassed about."
Akihito: "There is for people my age!"
Hanako: "Anyway, that probably wasn't what you smelled."
Akihito: "......what?"
Hanako: "Her clothes have absorbed quite a bit of blood. I checked, but she has no wounds."
That means......it's someone else's blood?
――So she really is mixed up in some trouble.
Hanako: "Also, that bump on her head could worsen, so she ought to get checked out by a normal hospital."
Akihito: "I'll talk to her about that when she wakes up.Also, about this, I'd like it if――"
I put my hands together and ask.
Hanako: "You want me to keep it a secret? Sure, I always do that. I owe you, anyway."
Debts and favors.People are bound by exchanges.
Sensei does owe me―but I didn't do anything particularly amazing.
Four months ago――
Some hooligans surrounded her in the park, and a prince came to her rescue on a white horse......actually, I just grabbed her arm and ran.
We've known each other well since then. She's helped me take care of a few troubling matters.
She's so kind every time that it feels as if her life's mission is to care for the younger generation. It makes me feel guilty―sorry, Sensei.
Hanako: "By the way, do you like girls?"
Akihito: "What makes you say that?"
Hanako: "You seem to do this a lot, so I assumed you like them."
Of course I do! What makes you think I don't!?
Akihito: "Umm, it's not because of that."
Akihito: "It's our duty as human beings to help those in need."
Long live cheesy lines.
Hanako: "I see. I guess that's true."
She's honest. Or indifferent, maybe.
Akihito: "By the way, Sensei, on a different note......do you believe in monsters?"
Hanako: "That's sudden. Monsters......do you mean three-headed golden dragons or aliens that tear your stomach open?"
Akihito: "Not quite that crazy......I mean the Loch Ness Monster, or Mothman, or aliens three-meters tall."
Hanako: "I guess they might exist somewhere."
Akihito: "It'd be pretty scary if they did......"
Hanako: "More like fascinating. I'd love to meet them."
Akihito: "......I hope you do someday."
Hanako: "......? You're not making much sense today."
I don't understand either.
An invisible giant――That thing simply isn't possible.This isn't some hero manga or anime.
But this girl is just as impossible as the giant.
When we say something isn't possible, we can't say for sure it doesn't exist, only that we've never encountered it before.
Rumors.Monsters, UMAs――
If they do exist, there must be evidence somewhere. It's a waste of time to try and deny all this with blind faith in common sense.
My confusion recedes.
Hanako: "So, what are you going to do with her?"
Akihito: "If you don't mind, I was hoping to let her stay here......"
Hanako: "Can't. I have work tomorrow, and it's not my day job.Why not take her to the police or a normal hospital?"
Akihito: "I'd prefer not to. They'd ask a lot of annoying questions."
Hanako: "You're so nice."
Akihito: "Geh!?"
Hanako: "You're so nice, but only to girls."
Akihito: "That's not...at all...what I......"
Yoruko: "......nn......mmm......"
Hanako: "So you're thinking the cops might take her away if she really is mixed up in something?"
Akihito: "......"
Hanako: "She might be the bad guy, you know."
......it's possible.
Hanako: "As a warning, pedophilia won't get you anywhere."
Akihito: "That's not what this is about!"
Hanako: "In that case, go ahead and take her home with you. Have fun."
Akihito: "Seriously!?"
Hanako: "Seriously."
Yamada Hanako.When push comes to shove, she's real cold.
====================C001_045 ナイト・オブ・ナイト_0530.json====================
Akihito: "It's Akihito. Sorry I didn't call sooner."
Tianwen: "You're so mean! You don't care about me at all, do you!? You've just been toying with me!"
Akihito: "......well, it's true that I'm not into guys."
Tianwen: "Tut tut tut. You're not supposed to be honest about that, Akihito-kun. The world doesn't reward straight talkers."
Tianwen: "So, where are you right now? Don't tell me you got hurt in that......"
Akihito: "No, I'm totally fine."
Tianwen: "Good to hear. My phone wouldn't connect so I was worried. There's a pretty big mess outside so we probably won't get much business until morning."
Akihito: "Also, some stuff happened and I don't think I can make it back. Can I have permission to leave early?"
Tianwen: "It's a woman! You...you, you, you cheater......ooooooo!"
Akihito: "You're creeping me out, stop it."
Tianwen: "But I love you Akihito-kun.――You're not nearby, are you?"
He's sharp.
Akihito: "......not telling."
I saw a monster near the explosion and bumped into an injured girl with scary eyes and now I'm trying to take care of her.
――I can't exactly tell him that.
Tianwen: "Uhuhuhuhu, you're so cute."
Akihito: "Owner, stop using that voice......"
Tianwen: "Akihito-kun, have you ever heard the phrase "feeling is believing" or "you don't know until you try?" Just relax, and let your master――"
After hanging up, I half-heartedly turn on the TV.The news is reporting on the explosion.
Newscaster: "......the cause of the explosion remains unclear, but some believe this might be a reproduction of the terrorist attack from five years ago――"
It only happened a few hours ago, but in the confines of the television screen it suddenly doesn't feel real anymore.
Akihito: "......they're all really stuck on this story."
I flick through other channels, but nothing's different.
Ghost girls. Invisible monsters. Flying swords and girls. Explosions.
I reflect upon those words. None of them sound very realistic.I'll be able to look back on this and laugh in about three days.
When did my hometown become such a den of villainy?I'd rather see a special report about that.
This is a gentle kingdom.
It's too gentle to reject anything.Even the stupidest things you can imagine are allowed.
But still, the gears in my mind are starting to turn:
Does that explosion have anything to do with the giant?
It might. It might not.
Yoruko: "Ansetzen, Bigwig!"
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I give up on organizing my thoughts and plop down on my sofa.
I've been living here for about half a year.
I'm on the fourteenth floor of a tall apartment building, in a room far larger than I need. If I were paying the rent I wouldn't be able to afford one square foot of this place, let alone the whole room.
My dad bought it to live here with me, but just after we moved in he got sent overseas on business.
Over the last half-year he's only come back for a couple days.Life often doesn't work out the way you planned.
Newscaster: "......at the time of the explosion there were pedestrians on the street, and some of them were injured by flying debris. There have been no confirmed death reports yet......"
No one's dead yet. The silver lining.
I go back to my bedroom to change her towel, and she snaps awake. 
Yoruko: "......!"
She continues lying down as she looks around, checking where she is.
Yoruko: "――――!!"
She leaps up――
Yoruko: "!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
――Then she rolls around in agony on top of the bed.There are tears in her eyes.
Akihito: "You need to get some rest. You've got a fever and some fractures."
Yoruko: "......"
She glares at me.
Akihito: "Ah, right, how you got here."
Akihito: "You collapsed in a back alley. I thought about leaving you but my conscience kicked in and dragged you back here. Be grateful."
Yoruko: "......!"
Akihito: "What's your name?"
Yoruko: "Hmph."
She looks away from me.
Akihito: "How'd you get hurt?"
Akihito: "Can we call your parents? Where do you live?"
She says absolutely nothing.
Akihito: "Come on, give me something."
Yoruko: "Go away."
Akihito: "......"
At least she finally opened her mouth.
Akihito: "Come to think of it, I saw what looked like a huge monster there――"
Yoruko: "――――!?"
Akihito: "Finally got you to react."
She narrows her eyes and glares.
Akihito: "Oh well. Get some sleep. You can stay as long as you need."
Yoruko: ".........?"
My lukewarm attitude makes her raise an eyebrow.She must have expected me to question her more.
Akihito: "Would you believe me if I said a ghost was following me around lately? That's why I don't care to hear any more weird stories."
Yoruko: "――――!"
Akihito: "Actually, a lot of people are talking about that particular ghost on the internet. Girl A―heard of her?"
Yoruko: "............"
She reacted quite strangely so I tried throwing that out there, but she gave a different look this time. Weird.
Searching eyes, like thin blades sliding cautiously into me.
Her stomach makes a cute growl.She goes red up to her ears.
Akihito: "You hungry?"
Yoruko: "!!!!!"
It doesn't matter whether you're happy, sad, or surprised, as long as you're alive you'll still get hungry. That's an iron-clad rule.
Akihito: "I have some stuff that should be easy to digest."
Akihito: "Here's some gelatin and a sports drink."
Yoruko: "............"
It's easy-to-find food that's good for sick people.I pull up a chair next to the bed and have some myself.
I'm not that good at cooking, so don't expect much.Though the owner did teach me a little.
The girl timidly reaches out, but I stop her.
Akihito: "Tell me your name and say thank you."
Yoruko: "!!"
A hilarious struggle ensues between her pride and her stomach.
Yoruko: "............ Shinomiya Yoruko."
Yoruko: "......th-...thank...y-you......f-for saving...me."
She's almost crying.......is this really that big a deal?
Akihito: "Okay, eat up."
She devours it all.
Akihito: "......"
She must be at least two years younger than me. Our meeting was incredible, but she doesn't look like a pointy-eared fantasy girl.
According to all the world-famous fantasy stories with movie adaptations, you can't recognize magicians on sight because they like to hide out among ordinary humans. Not that I can rely on those sources.
Akihito: "Well, they do say witches have some kind of birthmark."
......should I strip her?
I consider it for a moment.
Akihito: "Nah, doesn't matter."
Akihito: "......I'll be sleeping on the sofa, so call me if you need anything."
No answer, as expected.
As I lie down on the sofa......
Yoruko: "Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa――――――――――!?"
She immediately screams like a girl her age.
Akihito: "What the―what gives? What happened!?"
Yoruko: "M-my phone! Where's my phone!?"
Akihito: "......calm down. Will you die if you don't have your cell phone nearby?"
Yoruko: "Where did you......why would you......where! Where is it!?"
Akihito: "Here."
I hold it up by the strap.
What a cute strap for such an antisocial girl.It has a chibi character and an AC-something logo.
Yoruko: "――――――!!"
Yoruko reaches out with an incredible look on her face.
I pull back.
Yoruko: "!!!"
Akihito: "............"
Well, I didn't really have a reason to dodge her.Her face was just so funny I felt like playing.
Should I really be doing this?She is hurt, after all......
Yoruko: "!!!"
I continue toying with her.
Yoruko: "!!!!!!"
This is way too much fun.
Yoruko: ".................."
Akihito: "......"
Yoruko: "*chomp*"
She bites my other hand.
Akihito: "Gyaaa! What was that for!? You animal!!"
Yoruko: "*chomp* *chomp*"
Akihito: "Gyaaaaa!!"
She got the phone away from me.
Akihito: "Dammit......so you ARE from a planet where no one can live without a cell phone."
My hand has bite marks on it.
Akihito: "Henceforth, I shall dub thee "the biter.""
Yoruko: "Go away."
Akihito: "That's not cute."
Akihito: "Anyway, I'm gonna try going to sleep again, so wake me up if you need something. Also――"
Yoruko: "......?"
I leave a note by her pillow.
Akihito: "That's my number. If you can't wake me up just call and let the ringtone do the work."
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko looks at me as if I'm some mysterious creature.I leave her there and return to the sofa.
――――I hate unfortunate women.
The weak will always draw the short straws, just as naturally as water flows to lower ground. Unlucky women always have those cold, determined eyes――every last one of them.
Just having one near me is infuriating.
......I remember the red color.
The ferrous stench and crimson tinge spreading across the white floor.The warmth of life flowing out of her like sand in an hourglass.No amount of prayer could have saved her.
Family members. Best friends. Lovers.No matter how close you are, other people are still completely isolated from you.
In the end, everyone lives alone and dies alone.
You can hold out your hand, but you won't reach anyone.The only way to save yourself is by your own hands, or with luck.
Who is Shinomiya Yoruko?
What happened in the business district?
What was that giant?
There's no end to the questions.
So I stop thinking about them.
I'm amazed I can adapt so quickly.That is, if refusing to think about them qualifies as adapting to them.
I can't afford to just stick my neck into other people's problems at every opportunity.
Morning.When I wake up, Yoruko's gone.
Akihito: "......that idiot."
She must've left earlier.I can't imagine those wounds healed overnight.
Akihito: "......"
Come on, don't do anything crazy.Shinomiya Yoruko left on her own.
She's telling you to leave her alone.And she's right.
Don't get involved any further.
――You don't want to screw up, do you?
I look around the area, but find nothing.
I imagine an exhausted Yoruko, curled up like a stray cat in a back alley.
Akihito: "......dammit."
If a woman whose name and face I know turns up dead in the street, I'd never be able to live with myself.
I should've written down Yoruko's cell phone number.She would've been really mad if I did that though.
It's possible she went back to wherever she lives.
A possibility――That's no different to a fairy tale.Just a way of saying meaningless things with an air of plausibility.
When something happens or doesn't happen, it doesn't matter whether the odds of it happening were 99% or 1%.
A call?I don't recognize this number.
Maybe it's her!?
Akihito: "Where the hell are you!?"
???: "Greetings."
The voice of a man I don't know.
Akihito: "........................if this is a wrong number, I'm kinda busy right now, so talk to you later."
???: "You'd talk to me later if this were a wrong number? You are a strange man."
Akihito: "Sorry. Anyway, I'm hanging up."
???: "You're the man who found Yoruko, correct?"
My thumb stops just before pushing the button.
Akihito: "Who are you?"
???: "Her guardian."
A rough voice, like iron.
That's his willpower.A strong, firm, immovable will.
Akihito: "......"
This is too dangerous to take at face value.But I don't have any other leads, so I can't hang up.
???: "Yoruko says you saved her. I want to thank you."
Akihito: "Where is she now?"
???: "She called me and I picked her up."
Yoruko's phone――She called him herself.
――So he really is her guardian?
???: "Can you meet me?"
Akihito: "......when?"
???: "Tonight, 6 PM. The footbridge in front of the station."
Akihito: "I'll go if I feel like it."
No answer.
He hangs up on me without so much as a goodbye.I can almost see the stranger's face mocking me.
====================C001_048 学園の風景01_0530.json====================
???: "Again, tonight she sings. Again, tonight she does not answer."
???: "No one knows her, and she has but one name:"
???: "Girl A."
Akihito: ".................."
Takahashi: "Maybe it's just me, but you seem really upset about something."
Takahashi's my classmate. He's sitting in the vacant seat next to me.
He's a noisy guy and the fourth-heaviest in the class. He loves otaku stuff, but despite that, he swims through the hierarchy of school society with unyielding liveliness and advanced improvisation skills.
Akihito: "I've been walking through a minefield since last night. It's like I've been cursed."
Takahashi: "Ah. Well, don't let it get to you."
The familiar bell rings.
Even that sound weighs heavily on me this morning.The buzz since last night is making me want to stay home and sleep, but here I am at school anyway. I can be a real goody two-shoes sometimes.
Our square-faced Instructor Morino enters, whipping every corner of the classroom with his gaze alone.
The classroom was overrun with stupid gossip just a moment ago, but now his authority draws everyone into an orderly arrangement.The time of law and order has arrived.
Teacher: "Now then, regarding what we discussed last time, if you want to score high on the midterm――"
The teacher's voice lulls us to sleep.Fatigue and a life of school drama render our eyes half-asleep.
Teacher: "For this part, the next formula can be applied to――"
But something is slightly different today.
A paper ball sails through the air. Text messages are sent and received by EM waves. All without alerting the demonic 45-year old math teacher Morino Ishimatsu.
The rule about turning cell phones off during class has no effect on young people, who still see themselves as the lone sacred beings in all of creation.
Teacher: "But despite that――"
It's the day after the explosion. Rumor begets rumor through talk, paper notes, the internet, and text messages.
Suddenly――
There she is again, right outside the window.
Girl A――
She enters my field of vision.
――Again, today she sings.
――Again, today she does not answer.
Troublesome things are happening one after another, like iron filings gathering around a magnet.
Akihito: （Geez.）
Her long sleeves fill with illusory wind. A singer with no voice. A princess with no name.
――Again, today she sings.
――Again, today she does not answer.
Teacher: "As you can see in the textbook――"
The teacher's voice spreads like ripples. All but a teaspoon of the classroom's air is the same as usual, while I see and hear things no one else can.
Akihito: "I can't take this any more......"
Not only am I tired, but I've been seeing the ghost girl since I woke up――I just don't have enough energy to get through class. For mental health reasons, I leave during fourth period, before lunch.
I open the old, slightly noisy door to the roof.
A fence, two benches, and the obligatory generator room are the only features of this barren roof. My usual and ideal evacuation spot.
Someone's here already.
She's curled up on one of the benches like a sunbathing cat, using three paperback books as a headrest.
Akihito: "..................wake up, Senpai."
Kururi: "Mmm, that you, Kouhai?"
She opens her left eye, still curled up. I thought she was sleeping, but she's clearly awake.
She lazily sits back up and adjusts her crooked glasses. Sluggish and shameless. She has so much going for her, but her countless bad habits ruin it.
Our school's dejected beauty number two.
Everyone says she looks a little like the pretty witch girl in that Hollywood flick about a magic academy, except she became dejected as she grew older.
Come to think of it, there seem to be more depressed people in the world than anyone else.
Akihito: "What the hell are you doing, Senpai?"
I always act rude around her for some reason. It's just the way we work together.
Kururi: "That's no way to greet someone. If you can't tell by looking, I don't think I can explain it to you."
Akihito: "All I saw was a hedonistic display of inactivity."
Kururi: "So you do understand."
She lies back down and starts stretching. I wish she'd sleep a little more like a human.
Akihito: "Wake up, Senpai."
Kururi: "I see you still leave a lot to be desired."
She rotates between several sleepy faces and voices. She looks sleepy every hour of every day of every year, so I can never tell whether she's actually tired or fully operational.
Her stiff facial features always produce ambiguous expressions. It makes it look like she's always smiling.
Kururi: "Like respect for your Senpai, the desire to show that respect to Senpai, the submissive nature of a slave who crawls on the ground licking Senpai's shoes, you're missing all of that."
Akihito: "Good enough."
Kururi: "You lack too much."
I wish she'd realize that respect and modesty aren't always appropriate.
Akihito: "Anyway, you know class is in session, right?"
Kururi: "Sunbathing feels gooood."
Akihito: "Your concern is nearly palpable."
Kururi: "By the way, Aki-chan, how should a Senpai deal with a Kouhai who cuts class to lounge around on the roof?"
Akihito: "We should consider ourselves even and move on."
Akihito: "Nice weather today."
I turn away from her and secure a spot on the bench for my own butt.
This barren, ordinary roof has a nice view. Looking up, a ropeway stretches across the mountains nearby. Behind me, I have a birds-eye view of the outskirts of Takakura City.
Akihito: "The scenery's really nice up here."
Kururi: "Yeah, too nice to waste all day in class."
Akihito: "It's really annoying when you say that while half-asleep."
Kururi: "But Kururi-chan is so cute. I got the special prize at this school's Beauty Pageant S, you know."
Akihito: "What the hell does the "S" mean?"
Kururi: "S for secret. Popularity contests for girls have to be done secretly now or people will complain too much."
It's a cold age where everyone has to be paranoid about other's rights. Things become warped when something is taken to extremes.
Akihito: "Special prize in a secret popularity poll......how much authority does that give you? Is it like the Avoriaz Fantastic Film Festival?"
Kururi: "Kururi-chan is the number one beautiful Senpai that no one wants as a girlfriend."
Akihito: "Now there's a sad title."
Semimaru Kururi. She's a third-year, one year older than me, but for bizarre and complex reasons she's a completely useless creature.
She's somewhat famous within the school, but everyone uses words like "weird" whenever they talk about her.
Anyone in this school will hear about her once or twice, and her name is hard to forget once you hear it.
The anecdotes about Kururi are all so unusual they come close to being new urban legends. Kururi legends. No one knows if they're true.
Akihito: "Your personality's even weirder than your name."
Kururi: "Don't talk behind people's backs when they're around."
Akihito: "I'm not behind your back."
Kururi: "I really think humans need to embellish the truth in order to get along with each other."
Akihito: "Who said that?"
Kururi: "I did. So what brings you here today?"
Akihito: "Just cutting."
Kururi: "Villain."
Akihito: "The very act of living is inherently evil......if you want to get philosophical."
Akihito: "Anyway, what happened to you yesterday, Kururi-chan?"
Kururi: "Your gray brain cells aren't half-bad."
Kururi cuts class to go to the roof, mostly to make up for a lack of sleep.
Akihito: "Wouldn't it be easier to just not come to school?"
Kururi: "Students need to study."
Akihito: "......and cutting class to sunbathe counts as studying?"
I grumble about someone else's problems as I stick the straw into the coffee juicebox I bought. Stab. Virginity lost.
Kururi: "So anyway, about yesterday's explosion......"
Akihito: "Bubo!"
Kururi: "What?"
Akihito: "N-nothing, nyaa."
It went down my windpipe.
Kururi: "Nyaa."
Akihito: "S-so what is it?"
Kururi: "Kururi-chan's business booms at times like this."
Akihito: "......you mean your detective role-play?"
Kururi-senpai has an HQ in the filthy downtown sea. There she regulates a constant succession of joys and sorrows.Or so she says.
Kururi: "Non non non. Super-detective. The "super" is super important. Don't forget that."
Miss Correction shakes her finger and goes "tsk tsk tsk."
Akihito: "What's the difference? Do you have special moves to solve mysteries with?"
Kururi: "Detectives don't solve mysteries, they just arrange information. Normal detectives arrange it after everything's over, but super-detectives do so before it even happens."
Akihito: "That makes even less sense......"
Kururi: "Mm~ Mm~ Your face looks green."
Akihito: "I'm not an alien."
Kururi: "Your face says something happened."
It's her Cheshire Cat smile.She squints, looking at something invisible with her cat eyes.
Akihito: "......"
Akihito: "Nothing happened."
Kururi: "But we're so close, Aki-chaaaan......"
Akihito: "No we're not."
A grapple ensues.
A childish, clumsy fight targeting each other's ears, noses, and hair.
We continue until we run out of breath.
Akihito: "Got any other heartwarming topics? Maybe something that isn't about explosions, explosions, or explosions?"
I try changing the topic.
Kururi: "What's wrong with explosions? Ka-boom! Just one feels so exhilarating. Kururi-chan loves that stuff."
Akihito: "I have a weak stomach so none of that please."
Kururi: "Liar."
Akihito: "What did you say, cat?"
Kururi: "Everything else is pretty normal. God's in his heaven; all's right with the world. The town's in an uproar and everyone's an idiot."
Kururi: "That's right, you know the Wild Bunch and Gryffindor were squabbling around the park? Rumor has it they might have a big fight soon."
Akihito: "All these vigilantes and street gangs really love playing king of the hill."
Kururi: "There's a rumor about some rising newcomers called Caesar's Legion, but no one's seen them in action yet."
Kururi: "Also, the other day I noticed that the Chinese ramen shop from West Hyangsan turned into an accessory shop."
Akihito: "Seriously? I really liked that place......it was just starting to get popular after that article on the Gourmet Wars blog......"
Kururi: "Having delicious food's not enough. Gotta be cute too. The world's not that nice."
Akihito: "How sad."
Kururi: "There's also monsters and a singing ghost."
Akihito: "Yeah, let's ignore those for now too."
Kururi: "Really? You're not curious?"
Akihito: "I'm a realist, uhehehehe."
Kururi: "Your face is as green as a beanstalk."
Akihito: "No, it isn't."
Kururi: "Other hot topics......oh right, I guess the group death."
Akihito: "......that sounds kinda cool."
A group death――
The media and the internet are all over it.A number of people got together, then suddenly died.
At first it looked like a mass suicide, but they all died of heart failure, fanning the flames of curiosity.
The members of the group were a mix of genders and ages. They didn't seem to have anything in common at all, but their cell phone histories prove they were in contact with each other.
This is the ninth such incident in the past three months. No motive for suicide, but no external wounds. No sign of drug abuse either.
They remain mysteries.
Akihito: "After being away for so long my hometown feels like a deserted island in the middle of nowhere, I might as well be Urashima Taro."
Kururi: "But that's normal."
Akihito: "It is!?"
Kururi: "Normal, very normal. That happens all the time in school life action light novels."
Akihito: "This is the real world, Senpai."
Kururi: "Usually the city starts freaking out over some serial killer or a bunch of mysterious deaths, and by the end everyone's dead."
Akihito: "So they all die anyway."
Kururi: "That and everyone who finds a mysterious pretty girl gets involved somehow."
That trope really makes me nauseous.
Akihito: "......oh, wow, this late already."
I switch to running away before this gets any worse.
Kururi: "Heading back to class?"
Akihito: "To the cafeteria before lunch starts."
I stand up. I'm going to get some food before it gets crowded.
Kururi: "Truant."
Akihito: "Look in the mirror."
The school's peaceful today.
I have a meeting scheduled for 6 PM tonight on the footbridge in front of the station.
If I head home first I'll end up going round in circles. So I stay behind in the empty classroom, resting my chin on my hand, bored. Time is passing even slower than usual.
Akihito: "――――Oh."
Ayaya: "Uoo!"
Apparently I fell asleep at some point.
Right in front of me, Ayaya freezes in her red clothes. A daruma doll rolls along the floor.
Akihito: "Mm?"
My eyes slowly open and focus.They center on a magic marker in Ayaya's right hand.
Akihito: "What. Did. You. Just. Do!?"
Ayaya: "Gyooo!"
We squabble.
I slept a lot longer than I thought. Her clothes only looked red because of the evening sun. Outside, the sun's low enough that our shadows are getting long.
Akihito: "Morning."
Ayaya: "A very good morning to you, Mizuwa-senpai!"
She double salutes me.
As the last person in the classroom, I have to lock the door before heading out.
Akihito: "There."
Ayaya: "Excellent work, Senpai. Ayaya has been waiting for your return for as long as......the watchmen wait for the morning!"
Ayaya Enishi looks slightly annoyed as she holds down her right hand in an antiquated greeting.
Akihito: "When were you born again?"
Ayaya: "Ken-san is so cool!"
Ayaya: "TOTUYA had a big sale last week so Ayaya got a bunch of DVDs and watched them all at once, and Ayaya was so moved by his performances!"
Ayaya Enishi, a.k.a. Ayaya is one year below me.
She's a neat, tidy and rather plain Kouhai, but like a yappy dog she never stops talking. Also, most of Takakura Ken's movies are from the 70s.
Akihito: "So what're you doing here today?"
Ayaya: "Oh, nothing. There's no particular reason, but Ayaya was about to head home when she saw Senpai's shoes still in his locker, so she stayed too."
Akihito: "I see. So you took a peek in the classro―"
Ayaya: "Yes. Senpai, the sight of your defenseless sleeping face made my maiden heart go pipipipipipipipipi!"
Akihito: "I doubt that's the right noise."
Ayaya: "There was a fierce struggle between the demon's temptation to write "meat" on your forehead and the angel whispering "No, don't do that! You mustn't do such a thing to your beloved Senpai, at least write 'love' instead!""
Akihito: "Next time, you're getting discipline course A."
By the way, course A is drinking a box of badly-flavored juice all in one gulp.
Ayaya: "Ayaya~~"
Once the gilt of faux-purity has been peeled away, she wraps her tail between her legs.
Akihito: "You could've picked a less humiliating prank."
Ayaya: "I have been taught that one must not be choosy about the means to an end in wartime."
Akihito: "And what evil creature told you this?"
Ayaya: "Love-senpai!"
She points at me.
Under the burning sky, we leave school together. Ayaya follows half a step behind me like a groupie.
Akihito: "Ya~~wn"
I still haven't gotten enough sleep. I try to suppress the yawn.
Ayaya: "There was such a big fuss yesterday. All the TV shows had several bulletins about it, and today it made the front page."
Ayaya: "They're even talking about it online, wondering if the terrorist from five years ago is back now."
Akihito: "Ayaya, have you been living in Takakura for a long time?"
Ayaya: "Yes, boss! Ayaya's family has been running a business in Takakura City for three generations."
Akihito: "So, you were still here when it happened?"
Ayaya: "Well, yes, that's true."
We stop partway down the long sloping path from the school gates.A dark shadow melds with her normally bright smile.
Ayaya: "......it was scary. I was still young, so I didn't really know what was going on."
Five years ago. The incident those words symbolize is a taboo subject for every single resident of this city.
That's one memory I don't share, because I wasn't here back then.It's one of the reasons my hometown feels as distant as a stranger.
Akihito: "Sorry for asking such a dumb question."
Ayaya: "Ah, it's fine, that's okay. But what is it this time? I know the news said it was an accident......"
Five years ago, after that cult orchestrated the bombings, its leading members locked themselves in a certain facility and committed mass suicide.
Eighty-six deaths by fire, including the founder. The cult was completely eradicated. American cults have done similar things before―but here it was unprecedented, and still no one knows how to feel about it.
Ayaya: "What about you, Senpai? You work in the new heart of town, so Ayaya was a bit worried."
She fidgets with wet eyes.
Akihito: "That's not like you. Stop it."
Ayaya: "Your words are so excessively excessive."
Ayaya: "As a single girl who adores her Senpai, I conduct tireless research into my lovey-dovey pretty powers. What don't you like?"
Akihito: "Work on your real assets, not your gilding."
Ayaya: "I have neglected nothing. My boobs are already 84D."
Akihito: "WHAT!? SERIOUSLY!?"
How can such a secret be hidden within this compact body!?
Ayaya: "Growth spurts, eating right, many other things."
Ayaya: "They're getting nice and soft now too. Ayaya's thinking it might be about time to get deflowered, so once Senpai triggers my flags I'll be ambushing you from dusk 'til dawn."
Akihito: "I guess I'd prefer you were a bit more discreet."
Ayaya: "But, but, nowadays the idea of holding on to your virginity until marriage is just silly, right?"
Akihito: "......don't crush men's dreams."
I feel somehow weaker, so I argue back in a soft voice.
Ayaya: "All the dyed brunettes scattered around our class are messing around quite a bit."
Ayaya: "During lunch I hear them talk about trying this and that until "Oh yes! That's it, right there!" It really makes you wonder if you're falling behind or not."
Ayaya rambles on and on, then quickly holds up her bookbag as a shield. She looks warily in all directions, with the face of an Earth Defender facing invaders from the void.
Ayaya: "She's not coming?"
Akihito: "Ah, "that." Nope, she's not here."
Ayaya: "A little earworm from your class told me Mizuwa-senpai's been absent lately."
Akihito: "Don't you mean a little birdie?"
Having worms in your ears isn't a good thing.
Ayaya: "This is―well, you know―a once in a lifetime chance."
Akihito: "Don't you mean a one in a million chance?"
Ayaya: "If I attack with full force, dusk 'til dawn, with all means justified, I might just break Senpai's guard and get him to warm up to me!"
Ayaya: "Even Hana-sensei said boys your age only need one sample of the goods to be hooked for life!"
Akihito: "I'll have to give Hana-sensei a piece of my mind about setting a bad example for the students."
Akihito: "Don't blame me if your maiden heart's dangerous actions get you killed when "that" returns."
Ayaya: "Ayayayayayayaya."
Ayaya looks like a cat who just ate a poisonous fish. She then whispers into my ear.
Ayaya: "That would be rather extreme. By which I mean I'd be bullied. PTSD. Mind rape. Merciless."
Akihito: "Well, no, that's actually pretty lenient for her."
Ayaya: "Lies! Evil! Witchery! A messenger from hell with black equipment that can't be removed but gives +15 to its armor class! The god of the new world!?"
Akihito: "You know, "that" is pretty awesome when she gets serious. None of it's just for show, you know."
Akihito: "She goes abroad once in a while for weapons training, boot camp, survival lectures and stuff."
Akihito: "She can seriously kill people with her bare hands. There's a demon living in her back."
Ayaya: ".................."
Akihito: "She went overseas at the end of last week―did I not mention that?"
Ayaya: "............you are joking, right?"
Akihito: "What do you mean?"
Reality is cold and heartless.
====================C001_050 王様との邂逅_0530.json====================
Akihito: "Okay, bye."
I give my farewells in front of the bus stop.
Ayaya: "Oro!? Senpai, you have work today!? Ayaya's strategy of targeting you on a day off is ruined!?"
Akihito: "Hmph. The strategist drowns in her own strategy."
Ayaya: "Ayayaya."
Akihito: "It's not work, but I do have something I need to do."
Ayaya: "Don't tell me another girl has sunk her poisonous fangs into Senpai too!?"
Akihito: "You haven't bitten me either."
Ayaya: "Wait just a little more. I will train under a waterfall until you can't stand to be apart from me!!"
Akihito: "I await tales of your hard-won victories, sergeant. Bye now. Take care on your way home."
Ayaya: "Haha! That I shall, Senpai."
Ayaya: "See you tomorrow~~~~~~!!!!"
Ayaya raises both hands and waves them around.
Akihito: "............"
Akihito: "She's so lively it's embarrassing............"
The Takakura Station footbridge looks like a hieroglyph from above.
It's a community space of sorts―on holidays there are stalls and street performers all over the place.
After parting from Ayaya, I headed straight for the station. I got here about thirty minutes ahead of time. Guess I'm a bit too early.
I shrink back from the evening crowds trying to get home, leaning against the beautifully-painted fence and waiting for someone whose name I don't even know.
With nothing better to do, I look up.
――There's Girl A.
Like a sign visiting us from beyond the edge of the world.
Ever since she appeared two weeks ago, trouble's been stalking me like a rain of arrows.
Akihito: "A bizarre cursed girl haunting me......"
Ayaya's mouth might turn into a circle with joy, but as a side character it's just bothersome.
Akihito: "Say something already."
Girl A doesn't answer.
Her strangely-colored lips form a smile that could convey either pity or compassion.
The glow of sunset behind my back transitions to a bluish purple, quietly looking down at us crawling on the ground.
The town flows by at a bewildering pace. A crowd of strangers upon strangers.
The world is always this fast.
This would be so much easier if pieces of the heart could be separated and shuffled around like everything else.
Akihito: "――――"
The princess sings freely, all alone on the summit. I point my index finger at her.
I load it with my desire to lash out, and set my sights on her like a rifle.
Akihito: "Bang!"
As I thought, I don't recognize her face.
Tonight, she sings again.
Tonight, she still does not answer.
She probably won't tomorrow either.
???: "Is there something you want to shoot down?"
Akihito: "Kinda. Just a ghost that's kinda cute but a hundred times more infuriating."
???: "You believe in such a vulgar legend?"
A voice carved out of solid steel.
Akihito: "In these dry times of ours it's important not to lose your childish purity."
One man is here.
???: "You talk more than I thought. Like a jester."
Akihito: "Then I guess that makes you the king?"
He reminds me of a knight in silver steel armor. A tall man with a harsh gaze. Tough and impenetrable.
His graceful features are like an over-sharpened blade, hard to touch without cutting yourself.
Most of all, he has a strong presence. Even if everyone in school lined up for an assembly, I'd be able to tell at a glance where he was in line.
???: "Pleased to meet you, Mizuwa Akihito."
Akihito: "......You wanna swap business cards?"
Gasai: "Gasai. Gasai Itsuki."
Akihito: "Pleased to meet you, Gasai Itsuki."
Akihito: "So......you're the guy who told me to come here at six, right?"
He remains silent, only raising the corners of his lips in a pompous smile.
Gasai Itsuki.The man who claimed to be Shinomiya Yoruko's guardian.
This is the time when the evening rush congests the city.
I lean back against the fence and talk, the crowds in the corner of my eye.
Gasai: "I hear you took Yoruko to your place."
Akihito: "Just say I saved her. She's not a cat."
Gasai chooses to stand on his own two legs instead of leaning lazily against the fence. How kingly.
Akihito: "So you're her guarantor?"
Gasai: "Her guardian."
Akihito: "You're younger than I thought. Around my age, right? So you can't be her father, and judging by your surnames you aren't siblings......long story?"
Gasai: "You like prying? You really are a clown."
Akihito: "Not that it matters. Just that if you're Yoruko's guardian, than it wasn't a total waste arranging a date with a guy."
I grab the king's shirt and pull him close.I can feel his breath on my face.
Akihito: "What the hell are you making that pipsqueak do? She was in serious danger back there. What the hell are you thinking, Your Highness!?"
I remember her face and the smell of blood.
My temperature rises from anger. The crowds act like masses parting for a ruler, trying to avoid making eye contact with the two young boys picking a fight.
Gasai: "You answered my call just to say that?"
The king is so calm it's irritating.
Akihito: "......so what if I did? I'm pretty picky about how guys treat their women."
Gasai: "That's not bad. But it is quite comical and soft of you."
Gasai: "You. Know. Nothing."
Akihito: "――――"
That's the truth, not sarcasm.
Invisible monsters. Flying swords. Explosions. Keywords that anyone else would take as part of a joke. The circumstances surrounding Shinomiya Yoruko are unimaginably strange.
I don't know anything, but I'm complaining about how he treats her anyway.
My grip weakens, and the king brushes my hand aside.
Akihito: "............"
I take two steps back and lean against the fence, right where we started.
Gasai: "Not even a single question?"
Akihito: "............I prefer not to get involved in dangerous things."
Gasai: "It's said wise men don't go looking for trouble......in which case, you truly are a clown."
Gasai: "Would such a man take Yoruko in? That's not only comical, but contradictory."
Gasai's penetrating gaze irritates me slightly.
Gasai: "First, thank you for helping Yoruko. Given your absurdity, I think I will have to thank you again some other day."
Akihito: "You're not acting very grateful."
Gasai: "All that matters is results. Or do you want an act from me?"
Akihito: "Everything begins from outward appearances."
Gasai: "You have a point, but that is the sort of thing shallow men say."
Akihito: "Did you come here to thank me or to pick a fight with me?"
Gasai: "Thank you, of course."
Liar.
Akihito: "So you are grateful, then?"
Gasai: "But of course."
Akihito: "Then I do have some questions. Is two okay?"
Gasai: "Speak."
Akihito: "......what happened to Shinomiya Yoruko?"
Gasai: "She's recuperating."
A terse answer, but for some reason I believe him. If nothing else, she's probably fine. Whether that's a relief or not depends on this guy.
Akihito: "One more."
The king remains silent, smiling coldly. He looks at the rat caught in his trap.
This is obviously the trigger. I know that, but......
Akihito: "――――――What was that, Your Highness?"
I took the first step.
After a few seconds......
Gasai: "What did you see, and what did you think it was?"
What did I think it was? There's only one answer to that.
Akihito: "......a bad dream, I guess."
Gasai goes silent, as if waiting for something.
Gasai: "Ha――"
Suddenly......
Gasai: "Ha, hahahahaha!"
He laughs as if I said something strange.
Akihito: "......do you enjoy listening to yourself laugh?"
Gasai: "You do your job well, clown."
Akihito: "Admit it, you came here to pick a fight."
Gasai: "Do you want to know what REALLY happened there?"
Gasai comes closer, as if to whisper in my ear the world's greatest secrets.
Akihito: "Is this the kind of thing that'll get me killed if I know too much?"
Gasai: "That'd be a third-rate plot point if I ever heard one."
Akihito: "Reality is even worse."
Gasai: "............indeed it is."
Then, Gasai looks up at where Girl A was a moment ago. Right now there's nothing there but empty space.
Gasai: "There would be no point in me telling you. If you're curious, find out for yourself. It will appear eventually............that I guarantee."
Akihito: "Eventually?"
Gasai: "That is why I came here tonight."
Gasai: "If you have met Girl A――"
Gasai: "Eventually, it will appear."
The king's prophecy flows through me like cold air from an overpowered AC.
Akihito: "You're awfully stingy for a king."
Gasai: "Only that which you see with your own eyes is truth. Am I wrong?"
And that is why you must see it for yourself. Gasai Itsuki tells me without words.
Gasai: "I will give you one hint, clown. What you saw yesterday――"
A night breeze blows along the footbridge. Gasai folds his arms with a slight smirk.
Gasai: "――Was a "war.""
Behind him is a herd of gray buildings. I feel like I've wandered into an inescapable labyrinth.
Gasai: "Now then, enough banter. Let us get to the point. You took care of Yoruko last night."
Akihito: "I did what I could."
Our exchange holds no strange surprises. The tense atmosphere loosens up.
Gasai: "You are free to consider myself in your debt."
Akihito: "Aren't you just going to cut me off when I need your help most?"
Gasai: "You're not a bad judge of character."
Akihito: "Gasai――"
Akihito: "You're just like the dastardly rival who appears at the beginning of every new shounen manga."
Gasai: "Ha, hahahaha."
Gasai laughs again.
Gasai: "There aren't many men who can talk like that."
Akihito: "Your face is scary, you know."
Gasai: "Hmm, I see."
Akihito: "What?"
Gasai: "Coming here tonight was surprisingly worthwhile."
====================C001_055 我斎との対話_0530.json====================
The man I met that day was very boring. What started it was of course something equally boring.
After our boring talk ended, we killed more time hanging out on the footbridge.
Gasai: "There is no end to the boring topics you ramble on about."
Akihito: "Is there a topic that doesn't get boring?"
Things that don't make sense, things I don't understand, things I want to ask about. There's tons of things, but I don't touch on any of them. We just talk about stupid, boring stuff all through the night.
About yesterday.
About today.
About tomorrow.
About dinner two days ago.
About last week's TV shows.
About a stray cat he found two years ago.
About nighttime walks.
Nasty rumors we heard online.
Political topics that make us feel smart.
The exams that ended recently.
Blogs we regularly read. Trips I put off due to work.
Brief reviews of DVDs we rented then wanted to throw out a window when they turned out to be Z-movies.
Gasai: "Life is little more than a huge accumulation of boring things."
Some guys can hold a pose like that and actually look good. I burn with envy.
Empty coffee cans start to pile up at my feet. Between us we've emptied twelve. We might conquer every vending machine in the area tonight.
Akihito: "This brand is kinda average."
Gasai: "Too sweet."
Akihito: "But it has thirty percent less sugar."
Gasai: "Men who drink sweet coffee have no right to live."
Harsh standards. I probably rank just below the amphibians.
Gasai: "Next, black."
Akihito: "If you want a specific one, go buy it yourself."
Gasai: "I do not run errands."
Akihito: "......is that so, king?"
We play rock-paper-scissors far too seriously until a decision is reached. We're very alike.
Gasai: "Black."
Akihito: "............"
I did lose, so I go without complaining.
I buy him sweet milk coffee.
Gasai: "Not all retribution is evil."
Gasai voices that thought. We sip coffee as we talk, without looking at one another.
Akihito: "Wasn't there a time when chains of hatred were really popular?"
Retribution begets another retribution. Then another and another and another.
One minus one is zero. Retribution never creates something new, that's why it's important to forgive.――That's the logical answer.
Gasai: "You're talking about revenge."
Akihito: "What's the difference?"
Gasai: "Retribution is an act. Revenge is an emotion."
Gasai: "Emotions easily lead to foolishness. However, it is true that the world operates on such foolish systems."
Akihito: "That's a pain."
Gasai: "A long time ago, a scholar ran an experiment using a computer."
Gasai: "A war for survival between several programs. When programs encountered each other, they bargained. The one with the most assets at the end was the sole survivor."
Gasai: "There were only two choices. Cooperate, or betray."
Gasai: "The survivor was the simplest program of all. If the other program betrays you, do it to them――――Retribution. Just once, with precision, and no excess. Mechanically, without hatred."
Akihito: "It seems weird to talk about some programs being more mechanical than others."
Gasai: "None of them could win using altruism, clever tactics or deceit."
Forgiving everyone makes you vulnerable. Overreacting makes you isolated.
Akihito: "Are you saying retribution is just?"
Gasai: "What's right is neither good nor evil. It simply is."
Gasai: "Power, logic, and the will to carry it out. You can't survive if you don't have those. That's not an idea or a belief――Just the truth."
I tilt the can in my right hand. A single bittersweet drop falls onto the tip of my tongue. Another can of coffee becomes empty.
Gasai: "This world is a wasteland where we fight for survival. If you want to live, you have to fight."
Akihito: "What do you want to do by living?"
That thought was too out of place to call a question. Just a stay noise from my stupid mouth that perfectly fits this stupid night and our stupid meeting.
Akihito: "Don't you have any huge naive dreams or goals as a student, or hopes or ideals you'll carry with you to the future?"
Gasai: "It's easy to live without hopes or dreams."
Akihito: "That's a cold life."
I criticize it like it's someone else's problem, and add the thirteenth can to the pile. As I ready myself for another round of rock-paper-scissors...
Gasai: "What about you?"
Akihito: "............"
Gasai: "――There is something I will have."
He says――
Not "I want," but "I will."
Not a wish, pledge, or even a promise. To him, it's a future that's clearly assured.
He smirks arrogantly. Then he speaks in a whisper, as strong as steel, but faint enough to fade into the night.
Gasai: "――――――――My kingdom."
====================C002_010 チャットルーム01_0531.json====================
――――dm-san has joined the chat.
dm：Hey guys
Madoka：'sup
Yukiko：So it's a girl?
777：You're late today, dm-san
dance：Yeah, actually that's
dance：Oh, hi there
dm：Well, some stuff came up. So what're you talking about? Did someone have a crush?
Yukiko：No, no, lol. dm-san, do you like gossip like that? You're more frivolous than you look~ I'd better watch out......
Madoka：You don't know what he looks like......
777：just talking about the usual
dm：There's a lot of usual topics
Madoka：The ghost girl, remember from yesterday?
777：dance-san said he knows someone who saw her
Yukiko：There are threads about her, but it's kind of a local topic so they're pretty inactive
dance：She's not "the ghost girl," she's Girl A
dm：Maybe because she's underage despite being a ghost?
Madoka：Weird name
777：She says nothing, never introducing herself. She is simply there. Hence, Girl A.
Yukiko：That's so coooool!
777：I only heard about her in the thread so I dunno if it's true
dance：Someone in my guild saw her too. We were trying to form a party
dm：So what happens to people who see the ghost girl? Do they get cursed or something?
777：I haven't heard anything like that
Madoka：That's a really common legend.
dance：No, no, I'm not talking about urban legends! This is for real!
dm：What's she like?
dance：A mysterious girl! You can see her but can't hear her, and she's looking for someone! Like she's calling to us from another world......
Yukiko：A message from Girl A......
dm：Sounds like a movie title
Madoka：How do you know she's calling if you can't hear her?
Yukiko：You probably hear it inside your head instead of through the air. That happens a lot in light novels
dance：Yeah, it does, rofl
dm：Is that supposed to be scary......?
777：None of the rumors sound scary
dance：But there are people who disappear after they're called......
Madoka：Now it's a legend
Yukiko：Yeah, yeah, now that you mention it, I found this online the other day~
Yukiko：http://www.akatsukiworks.com/product/com/syoujyoA_001.zip
dm：What? What song is this?
dance：It cut off......stupid internet!
Yukiko：Is this a song someone made after hearing the ghost girl, I mean Girl A singing?
Madoka：There's a fan song for her already?
dm：You really like urban legends, Yukiko-san
dm：So what happens?
Madoka：What do you mean?
dm：She must be calling them for a reason, so what happens to the people she calls? Do they disappear to another world? Or does nothing happen at all? Does anyone know?
777：I didn't think you'd like this stuff, dm-san
dance：We don't know. It's a mystery what happens. But a friend of my friend did get called.
Madoka：Yeah right
dance：Then he disappeared for a while, but the last text my friend got from him was......
Yukiko：Last text?
dance："I've found God."
dm：Uwa!
====================C002_020 招く少女Ａ_0531.json====================
――――dm-san has left the chat.
Ever since that strange ghost girl started haunting me, I've had to play ignorant in a chat room I frequent.
My handle is "dm"-san.
When I first joined, I looked to one side, saw a book, and used the first letters of the words in the title. So it doesn't mean anything.
After my audience with the king, I headed home. By the time I got back, it was almost midnight.
I surf the net as I stifle yawns.
News sites, blogs of Takakura City residents, threads I like on major image boards―――I've been checking some occult sites lately too.
They have a bunch of pictures showing the scene of the explosion.
――An explosion occurred in the new heart of Takakura City. Police have not yet determined the cause.
――Part of the eighth and ninth floors were destroyed.
――Two people were inside at the time......
Akihito: "......so there were deaths."
I feel depressed.
Was it terrorism, was it an accident――Rumors flood the public mind.
Girl A, monsters, the biter――There's too much I don't know.
The stingy king told me to find out for myself if I was curious.
――War.
That's the one word he gave me.
I've looked at every image on the internet I could find, but nothing jumps out at me.
Akihito: "What the hell am I doing......"
The back of my chair gives a dull groan as I lean back.
Abe: （Aaa-kun's not a nice guy after all. Just a lonely cool guy.）
Akihito: "Geez......"
Why'd I have to remember that line?
Akihito: "Guess I'll eat something......"
Can't fight wars on an empty stomach.
I gather some things from the fridge. Milk and frozen anchovy pizza. Cooking is a pain so I usually eat ready-made stuff.
TV: "I have forgotten the warmth of your hands――"
TV: "It's all about money. Money, money, money, money. Is anything in this world more loyal than money? Huhihi!"
I sit down on my living room sofa and gaze at the TV. The voices pass through my right ear and out the left.
Akihito: "......this isn't good."
Don't get too involved. It's obvious nothing good will come of it.I'll be the one getting hurt when things get bad.
Akihito: "............"
My stomach feels funny.
Then, I notice it. Again.
I hear that song.
Girl A――
Tonight, she sings again.
Tonight, she still does not answer.
However...
Tonight's song is slightly different.
Akihito: "――――"
My first thought is... She's calling me.
I can hear the song from somewhere far away.――Telling me to come.
She's reaching out a hand from the end of the world. A voiceless song tempting me to cross the border.
Where is it coming from――?
Outside.
This is the fourteenth floor. Outside my window is a sea of neon and phosphorescent lights.
I move from my window to my veranda, as she beckons.
I open the curtains wide with one strong pull like in the movies――――
Akihito: "――――――――――――――――――――"
Outside the window――
There I see a nightmarish, dark, brutal shadow holding up a weapon that cruelly reflects the night scenery――――
Akihito: "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa――――――――――!"
====================C002_030 魔女の登場_0531.json====================
Kagome: "Hmph."
She opens the window from outside and enters with the silent motions of a cat. I've seen this before, but my eyes are still drawn to her.
A strong presence――
Her long hair is a wonderful black. Her deep black eyes are so sharp she looks downright threatening. Black, black, black.
Hinaori Kagome.Some call her a black witch.
Kagome: "What a pain. You shouldn't lock the window. You almost forced me to break it open to get inside."
There is no limit to Hinaori Kagome's superiority complex. Her arrogance is more absurd than anyone I know.
She glares at me as if this is normal. She's shorter than me, but I feel like she's looking down on me.
Akihito: "......there's at least three impossible things in that brief line of yours."
The mysterious assassin outside my window was Kagome.I seriously thought my heart would stop.
Akihito: "I keep telling you not to come in through the veranda――"
Kagome: "I told you not to lock the window. You have such a bad memory."
Akihito: "Listen to me!"
Kagome's room is on the same floor, two doors down. I don't like to admit it, but she's a childhood friend. Though only when I was living in Takakura City.
Akihito: "I thought you went overseas."
Kagome-san brushes some of her long hair off her shoulder as she smirks.
Kagome: "Obviously I came back. You cannot understand the blindingly obvious without asking first. Almost like a monkey."
Akihito: "............"
When someone's arrogance is this extreme, it's almost comforting.
Akihito: "......so what brings you here today?"
Further resistance would be foolish.
Kagome: "I came to lounge around."
Akihito: "That's what you say after almost breaking through my window!?"
Kagome: "All alone with a rare beauty and no parents in sight. Anyone who knew about this would be jealous enough to gouge your eyes out."
Akihito: "............at least be a little indirect about your pride."
Not that she's wrong.
Kagome: "Of course, I am merciful."
Akihito: "No, you aren't!"
Kagome: "I am, just like oxalic acid in spinach."
Akihito: "That doesn't count."
Kagome: "That is why..."
Kagome: "If you were to confess that spending your days around a beautiful girl has given you overpowering urges you need to expel, perhaps I might leave you alone."
Akihito: "............"
Kagome: "Shall I leave you alone?"
Akihito: "I don't need to do that."
Kagome: "Then what is the problem with me lounging around?"
Akihito: "Uu......"
I lose.
Not that I've ever won against this witch.
Akihito: "......such a sad life."
Kagome: "The contents of your brain have been sad for a long time, you know."
Akihito: "No one was talking about..................
guaaaaa!"
Kagome immediately strips. She's buck naked.
Akihito: "Don't strip!"
Kagome: "Why would I wear clothes in the shower?"
Akihito: "Don't look at me like I'm crazy when you're the one saying crazy things!"
Kagome: "Would you enjoy your childhood friend taking a shower fully clothed?"
Kagome: "It would benefit you to not mention those abnormal tastes to anyone besides me."
Akihito: "I'm telling you to strip normally!"
Kagome: "I just did."
Akihito: "I mean not here! Do it in the changing room!"
Kagome: "Such a fussy man. You're like a sister-in-law, Akihito."
Kagome leaves her clothes on the ground and calmly disappears into the bathroom.
Akihito: "......at least put your clothes away......"
I'm not wrong about this. I am not wrong.I try to brainwash myself as I pick up the clothes. Her shirt, jeans, and underwear......
Akihito: "............"
Slightly warm.
Kagome: "What are you doing?"
Someone looks over my shoulder. A sweet soapy smell lingers after her shower.
Her breath touches my earlobe. Eyes used to looking down on people arrogantly and cruelly. I imagine a black snake coiling up.
Akihito: "......that's too close. You'll drip on me."
Naked except for one of my white shirts. A dangerous no-underwear outfit. The snake invades my personal space. 
Akihito: "I keep telling you......put your clothes on after showering."
Kagome: "I don't like being strict and formal."
Akihito: "......at least be presentable when you're in a man's room!"
Kagome: "Don't be so stiff around your partner."
Kagome calls herself my partner, with a sweet, tempting voice.
It's a trap. If I rush in blindly, nothing good will come of it. That's always been the case.
Kagome: "So what are you up to......gathering scraps from the internet again? You always were clever and diligent about useless things."
She steals my mouse and opens a bunch of sites.
Akihito: "......"
Kagome's right next to me.
Her splendid black hair suits her aggressive gaze well. Like a blade so sharp it crosses from weapon to art and steals the hearts of all who gaze upon it.
She has many and varied faults in contrast with her appearance and specs. Nowadays every man in school is thoroughly aware of them, yet on rare occasions we still see futile heroes slipping letters into her shoe locker.
Akihito: "......you reap rewards in life through the accumulation of useless effort. Don't compare me to a secret agent like you."
Kagome: "Effort is rewarded, but yours is just fruitless labor."
Akihito: "How is this useless!?"
Hinaori Kagome has a bad mouth. Her personality is extra bad.
Kagome: "If you have that much free time then massaging my shoulders would benefit humanity more."
Akihito: "If that's how humanity works, then the world would be better off destroyed."
Her sole virtue is not being picky about her partner. In a way, I do respect that.
Two months ago, part of the Kagome Legend took place here――
A hoodlum passing by bumped shoulders with her. Kagome spoke to the man.
Kagome: "Hey, you ○○○ing ××× with ×××"
I can't bear to record it.
She and the hoodlum vanished into an alley. Kagome returned three minutes later.
That night, Kagome paid for dinner.
Kagome Legend Episode 2――Three days later.
The hoodlum spent three months in the hospital for some reason, but his brother showed up with three other guys in tow to thank her. How nice of them.
They all vanished into an alley. Kagome returned ten minutes later.
That evening, we ate at the most expensive hotel in town. On the way back, Kagome bought a new handbag.
The flow of time is cruel. What we lost can never come back.Even princesses turn to witches.
Kagome: "Akihito, have you eaten yet?"
Akihito: "......I just finished."
Kagome: "This smell...another frozen pizza? You always sink so low as soon as I leave. Such a bad habit."
Akihito: "............are you my mother?"
Kagome's nose is on par with a professional perfume maker.
Kagome: "Your partner."
She bends forward. I catch a glimpse of them under her shirt.Destructive weapons. Beautiful pink.
Akihito: "......be more careful......I can see them."
Kagome: "What's so embarrassing about nudity? We've bathed together before."
Akihito: "When we were kids!!"
This is the problem with women who know my past!
Akihito: "You know......I always wanted to ask this..."
Kagome: "What?"
Akihito: "What exactly do you mean by "partner?""
I bumped into Kagome completely by accident when I came back to Takakura City. She only started calling herself my partner after that.
She's always been an erratic woman, so when she suddenly started saying that, I just brushed it aside.
――Partner.
Is that some unusual variety of childhood friend?Though in Kagome's case, it'd be more like a mutation.
Kagome: "You've forgotten? What a shameless man. I remember every last embarrassing line you've ever said to me."
Akihito: "I'll do anything! Please forget those!"
A living trauma trigger.
Kagome: "Yes, it was eight years ago. Snot dripped from your nose as you said "I'll never ask for anything else, Kagome-chan. Just please be my bride!"......"
Akihito: "Gyaaaa!"
I'm in despair!I hate women who dig up the sealed evils of the past!
Kagome: "That was a beautiful memory of younger days."
Akihito: "..................b-beautiful?"
I voice the strongest possible objection to that adjective.
Akihito: "......do you remember what happened after that?"
Kagome: "Of course. After you proposed, I smiled――"
Akihito: "――In a way that sent chills down my spine."
Kagome: "I gently took your hand as you sniffled――"
Akihito: "――Then you twisted it and almost broke my wrist."
Kagome: "――I slowly drew you close."
Akihito: "――You knocked me off balance then socked me in the nose! As hard as you possibly could!"
I was bleeding! I curled up on the floor and cried, dammit!!
Kagome: "A beautiful memory."
Akihito: "Go look up what that word means!"
Not to mention――
Akihito: "That's not even the end of it!"
Kagome: "Of course, I remember. I said this: "Very well. From today, you are my fiance.""
Akihito: "Don't leave out the rest! You looked down at me as my nose bled and said "My fiance must be strong. I will train you until you can beat me, so prepare yourself!!""
Until I moved away from Takakura City, my days were filled with constant suffering......I can't even bring it up.
Kagome: "Pure and beautiful memories from our childhood."
Akihito: "You have no purity."
Kagome: "That's why."
Akihito: "......why what?"
I can't follow her sudden topic changes.
Kagome: "You have never once beaten me, Akihito."
Akihito: "Don't compare me to a cybernetically enhanced demon like you."
Kagome: "Since you have not yet won, you are still a step below fiance. Hence, partner."
......apparently that's my current status.
Kagome: "It's quite logical for me, is it not?"
Akihito: "......in what parallel world is that logical?"
Kagome: "Ever since that day, I have been thoroughly and completely in love with you, Akihito, without one minute of weakness or one moment of forgetfulness."
Akihito: "Stop lying."
I object in a mechanical voice.
Kagome: "I see. I cannot believe I was so inconsiderate."
Akihito: "......do you have any idea what "considerate" actually means?"
Kagome: "For a lustful demon like you, Akihito, having your irresistibly gorgeous partner hanging around may interfere with your daily activities."
Kagome: "You may assault me if you like."
She casually says something absurd.
Akihito: "No one said I wanted to do that!!"
I shout.
Kagome: "Some of the riffraff at school refer to me as "Tsundere-sama." Don't you find that ridiculous?"
Akihito: "Yeah."
You're more like Tsunguska. You explode and take entire forests with you.
Kagome: "I am always dere dere around you, Akihito."
Akihito: "Since when!?"
Kagome: "If you cannot see it, then asking me will not make it any clearer."
Akihito: "That's the same as admitting you're not."
Kagome: "True......I am a woman. I may not be entirely opposed to situations where a strong man forces himself upon me."
Akihito: "Now you're just saying every random thought that pops into your head."
She looks down on me with cruel, heartless eyes.
Kagome: "My childhood promise still holds."
Kagome: "Come at me. If you can knock me down, you'll be my fiance."
Akihito: "......I'm not happy to hear that."
Kagome: "Your beautiful dere dere childhood friend is offering your animal lust free reign over her selfish body which no other man has ever laid a finger on."
Akihito: "No one...said I...wanted......"
Kagome: "This could all be yours, Akihito."
She gently folds her arms, pushing her weapons up. They announce their presence loudly through the white shirt.
Despite my intentions, I can't help but gulp when I see that.
Akihito: ".................."
Kagome: "If you win, that is."
Akihito: "............"
My face is quite pitiful now.
Kagome: "You have the face of a trampled dog's corpse."
Akihito: "......what kind of face is that?"
There's no way I can win anyway. It's impossible. I'm basically fighting a cyborg with my bare hands.
Akihito: "......I can't hit a woman."
Kagome: "A popular excuse for weaklings."
Akihito: "Uu......"
Kagome: "But I am merciful."
Akihito: "......like oxalic acid?"
Kagome: "That's enough. The difference between zero and one is infinite."
The poisonous snake rears her head with glee.
Kagome: "I do not expect you to win. Just land a single blow."
Kagome: "Hit me in the head or pinch my cheek or anything. If you can do anything at all to my face, I'll consider it a win for you."
――――One hit.
If I charge toward this witch head on, even that is absolutely impossible.
Akihito: "......"
However――
Kagome: "You seem motivated now. Your face is downright lewd."
Akihito: "......you're calling me lewd?"
Her "selfish body" aside, landing a blow on her here would have a huge effect on our hierarchy in the future.
Since I'm getting mixed up in trouble after trouble lately, that's a high priority for my mental health.
――It's worth using every cell, every move, every ounce of willpower I have.
Kagome: "If you win, you can do anything you want."
Her selfish body hidden beneath a single white shirt.
Akihito: "............................................................"
Remain calm remain calm remain calm remain calm remain calm.
Akihito: "――"
I regulate my breath, and stand up without a sound. Kagome stands naturally, without a teaspoon of tension. It has already begun.
I look for vulnerabilities.There are none. Such a thing is impossible.
Hinaori Kagome. Some call her a black witch.
A real witch. An isolated peak of humanity excessively blessed with all manner of talents.
The only things I can ever hope to beat her on are height, weight and muscle mass.
I understand the insurmountable gap in our abilities. I'm well aware how reckless this is.
I have practiced fighting techniques a little. About eighteen months, starting from the incident we were just discussing. Every day this woman trained me (and mocked me).
Kagome's skills don't fall under any particular school of martial arts.
An original mix of boxing, judo, shaolin kung-fu, military training, self-defense moves, silent assassination techniques, and flower arranging, just to show off how much skill she has.
She's so much more advanced than me that feints are meaningless.
If I have any hope of breaking through――I'll have to take advantage of simple physics rather than technique.
Humans are phenomena.Willpower and belief cannot overcome one's physical limits.
Just as the world can't outstrip light.Just as humans can't fly through the sky.
Thus――
Akihito: "――――"
Kagome: "......!"
I drop my cup. I take advantage of the fact that I'm standing up to make it look natural.
Part of my sleeve brushes against a half-finished cup of milk on my computer desk.
Kagome's eyes move. It'll take less than two seconds for the contents of the cup to splatter across the floor.
She never picks up after herself, but she hates seeing the carpet get stained.
Kagome will definitely catch it. She has the reflexes and technique to do so.
Akihito: "――――"
Thus, as predicted――――
Kagome's left foot steps forward. Her center of gravity shifts. She extends her left arm. I wait for her most unstable moment. I move alongside her hand, rather than aiming for it. It moves about ten centimeters out.
Even a witch can't avoid the influence of gravity, as long as she stands on the ground with two legs. The physical fact that I have longer reach can't be changed through technique alone.
My counterstrike flows toward her――
Akihito: "Oh?"
She stops the falling cup with her left hand. She grabs my hand and bends it backward. I feel like I'm floating. She didn't knock my legs out from under me, but broke my balance.
I thought she threw me, but she's pinning me down. My right arm is being held against my back.
Magic――
I don't have the slightest idea what just happened.
Akihito: "!!!!!!"
It hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts!The pain shoots from my arm up through my brain, preventing me from speaking. I slam the floor with my free hand, surrendering.
Akihito: "――!?"
As I lie helpless on the ground, a barely-covered butt settles on my back.
Kagome: "You've gotten rusty. Your beautiful childhood friend will hang on to her selfish body a while longer."
She gracefully moves the cup of milk up to her mouth. Not a single drop was spilt.
My hand is being held so tight it's almost breaking, and yet the sensation of her butt is what's really keeping me still.
Kagome: "By the way, Akihito, have you done anything bad while your partner was away?"
She loosens her grip enough that I can answer. I'm in an embarrassing position that gives her full life and death control over me. Her question sounds as if it's coming from her butt.
Akihito: "......what do you mean......bad?"
Kagome: "You tend to stick your neck into dangerous things when I'm not looking."
Akihito: "......"
Akihito: "Not in the slightest, ma'am."
I'm a liar.
Kagome: "I see. That's good to hear. By the way, Akihito――"
Akihito: "What?"
Kagome: "The bedroom smells like a woman I don't know."
Akihito: "Gefuu! H-how can you tell!?"
I almost cough up blood.
Kagome: "The smell is still there. Anyone could tell at a glance."
Akihito: "Only you can sense things like that!!"
Kagome: "So?"
Akihito: "――――!!!"
Now I know what it feels like to be a hamster inches away from a man-eating tiger. I'm dead. 
Akihito: "Sh-she collapsed in an alley, so I brought her here......I let her sleep in there but that's it!"
Kagome: "You let a woman who smells of blood sleep here? Men like you never lose their bizarre tastes."
Kagome's weight lifts. My arm is released.
Akihito: "......are you my mother?"
I check the damage to my arm. No pain or other abnormality remains now that it's been released. She must have calculated for that.
Kagome: "Your partner. Oh well, I'll leave that alone for now."
Akihito: "For now?"
Kagome returns her gaze to the monitor. I don't know what's gotten into her.
Kagome: "It's more efficient to deal with things one at a time."
A witch's smile.
Akihito: "You were such a sweet maiden in the past......"
The sepia-tone delusion makes me cry.
Kagome: "I have always been this way. Only the most unhealthy men drown themselves in beautified memories."
She smartly rolls up her moist hair with one hand.
Akihito: "What do you mean "this way?""
Kagome: "Arrogant, domineering, selfish, egotistical, and looking down on people."
Akihito: "Not one endearing trait."
Kagome: "I am one percent mercy."
Akihito: "That's no different from none at all!"
I return to my computer, feeling like a complete loser.
People cannot match a witch, just as the world cannot outstrip light. It's an unwavering law.
Akihito: "......so what do you want to deal with first?"
Kagome: "Your delusion of a young girl haunting you."
Akihito: "She's a ghost girl!"
Kagome: "Do not trifle over such details."
Akihito: "That detail could get me locked away forever!"
I explain what's going on to Kagome.
The witch is exceptional at adapting to things. In unexpected situations, you can rely on her like a demon.
Kagome: "――There have been sightings of Girl A for a while, going back at least a year."
Kagome: "Have you known about this rumor before?"
Akihito: "Of course not. Why would I?"
Kagome: "It does not seem like a simple communal delusion."
Communal delusion――――
What the masses believe exists does exist.
The human mind can do some amazing things. The mere belief that someone saw something can cause the thing to come into existence.
For example――If you're told a certain abandoned building is haunted, then you'll see ghosts when you go there yourself.
Rumors beget rumors. Sightings beget sightings. The majority of ghost stories can be explained this way.
Akihito: "You mean......this is a real ghost?"
Kagome: "Akihito, the world is nothing more than a delusion seen by the brain."
She smiles and folds her arms with the face of a teacher. Glasses would look good on her. In a sexy way.
Kagome: "Humans do not see the world directly. They can only believe the stories told to them by their brain after it processes sensory information."
Kagome: "There's no way to tell whether the beautiful woman before you truly exists, or is something only your brain is seeing."
I nod in agreement, then point.
Akihito: "So you might not be a beautiful woman."
Kagome: "I am the world's sole exception."
Akihito: "Right......"
Kagome: "Got a problem with that?"
You don't see the problem with that?
Akihito: "So what's your point?"
Kagome: "Don't believe things just because you saw them."
Once again, Kagome fiddles with the keyboard over my shoulder. Her shirt comes very close to me. Too close. I can feel it on my back. It's touching me.
Akihito: "......there was one other thing I wanted to ask."
Kagome: "You love tiny details. But I am in a good mood today. I might choose to answer."
What are you? A feudal lord?
Akihito: "Why do you use the shower in my room?"
Her room has one too.
Kagome: "That's my business."
Akihito: "......at least take your clothes off in――"
Kagome: "That's my business."
Akihito: ".................."
Kagome: "Is that it for your questions?"
Akihito: "..................why do you go out of your way to come in through the window?"
I keep telling her to use the front door, but Kagome-san insists on taking the window.
Kagome: "That's my business."
Akihito: "No it's not!"
When I opened the curtain, I saw the silhouette of a madwoman holding a weapon――It felt like something from a horror movie.
Well, that's hardly the only problem with what happened.
Kagome: "Think about it. If I used the door, it would be locked."
Akihito: "As it should be. Stop acting like that's a bad thing."
Kagome: "It'd take less than thirty seconds to open it though."
Akihito: "You're a master thief now too!?"
This is awful. I won't get anywhere trying to explain this to an amoral person.
I give up on teaching the witch human values. Instead I quickly gather my wallet, my phone, and my moped key.
Kagome: "Where are you going?"
Akihito: "I don't know yet."
The witch's disdain stabs me. I know what Kagome wants to say, but it's true that I don't know where I'm going yet.
However, I will know soon. I'm sure of that.
――She's been calling.
The song is getting louder. It beckons me from beyond the night.
Girl A――
Tonight, the song won't go away no matter how long I wait.
====================C002_040 それでも街はまわってる_0531.json====================
Takekawa Benio is in the city.
The old heart of Takakura City. Saying "the north side" is enough for most residents to know where you mean.
There are a lot of old buildings here that foreigners settled in back when Takakura City was a thriving trading port. 
For that reason, it feels a lot like the streets you see in Western movies, which Benio likes a lot.
Benio: "Aaah, that rocked! By the way......the guy on bass, is he new? Did they switch members?"
Benio is excited. She's on her way home from a concert.
Kouchin: "Hm? Benio, you didn't know about that?"
Benio: "No."
Kouchin: "That's kind of important. You should check these things."
Benio: "......I've been busy at night lately."
She really has had far too much to do lately. She sighs.
Saho: "I heard that, tell me what you mean......is it a guy?"
Benio: "No way, not that."
Women have sharp ears when it comes to other women.
Benio: "So why did they switch?"
Kouchin: "Aaah, you see......"
Benio: "What? What is it?"
Kouchin: "......they say the last guy died."
That would explain why she found it hard to phrase. Benio's parade has just been rained on.
Saho: "Let Saho handle your information. Some say the previous bass player might've committed suicide~"
Benio: "Gyaaa!"
Saho suddenly hugs her. Then she fondles her boobs from behind.
Saho: "O-ho, still mini-apples~ Soon they'll go from A to B! Someday Saho-chin will get a ta――Guge!"
Benio: "Don't."
She gently elbows Saho in the head.
But thanks to Saho's silliness, the awkwardness is gone.
She walks under a jumbotron, happy enough to skip.Right now the late-night news is reporting yesterday's incident.
――A five-year old uproar.
Benio: "......they've been talking about that all day."
Saho: "Kouchin, did anything happen to you yesterday?"
Kouchin: "I'm fine, but my brother freaked out. He ran into my room screaming in the middle of the night."
It's very late tonight.The north side isn't as dangerous as the south side, so Benio figured she could hang around a little longer before heading home.
But now she's reconsidering.
Just before she brings that up...
Again.
Benio: "――"
She hears the song.
Girl A――
Tonight, she sings again.
Tonight, she still does not answer.
However...
Tonight's song is slightly different.
Benio: "Sorry, I just remembered something I need to do."
Her two friends try to ask Benio what it is, but she runs off. 
She's being called, so she has to go.
Why?
Because Benio is an "ally of justice."
Evil is there.
Evil can lurk anywhere, but it needs a place to live.
These are the outskirts of the new heart of the city. After sunset, the tunnel under the bridge has no light, and no people. A perfect place for evil.
And screams. The feast of evil begins. A new sacrifice will be offered tonight.
Asian Man: "Gugee!"
A man collapses as he vomits blood. Someone stomps mercilessly on his head.
Izawa: "Die, you piece of shit."
Izawa Shuu is in the city.
He is evil. Evil devours evil. Three men are tonight's boring sacrifice.
Izawa: "Come at me already......you're not coming? If not, I'll kill you."
Of course, he'll kill them if they do come.
A terrified man carelessly charges forward. His movements couldn't be more predictable. Izawa grabs his jaw easily.
Asian Man: "Uboo!"
The man flails. Izawa's a whole head shorter, but the man can't break free.
He grips hard enough to almost break the man's jawbone. He looks at the man on the verge of fainting. The man's breathing stops, but not from pain.
Terror――
A mad dog.
People call Izawa that out of fear and awe.An insane blood-loving animal that broke from the pack and can't be reasoned with.
The men have heard the rumors. But they hadn't met him until tonight.
The last thing the man remembers is a beautiful barbaric face revealing its ferocious fangs――
A dull sound. Only one man left.
In the beginning, there were five. It took less than three minutes to clean up four of them.
Izawa: "Hey, you gonna wait 'till morning? I'm not that patient. Get it over with."
The last one is their leader. He can fight a little.
A knife appears in the man's hand as if by magic. When Izawa's focus moves onto it, the man charges forward.
A double feint before throwing a punch to the gut. The fact that he's aiming for the torso proves he's experienced. You'd be surprised how often you miss when you aim for hands or feet.
There's no time to avoid it. And yet...
Izawa moves his right foot. Just one step.
That's all it takes to make the knife miss. The blade runs through empty air.
Izawa: "You're ten years too early to fight me, dumbass."
The man's jaw breaks.
Asian Man: "Gauaa...faga......!!"
The man writhes in agony. Izawa holds up a weapon in his right hand, pointing it toward him.
A Heishin――――More widely known as a Tokarev. An illegally-manufactured handgun.
These days Heishin are rare, but in the past they were very popular and regularly smuggled into the country. This one is from back then.
He took it from the leader of a Korean group he crushed. He just broke this man's jaw using the grip.
Izawa: "I don't give a shit about your "boss." Couldn't care less where he's from."
Izawa: "Tell them I do what I want. Stay out of my way. Anyone who tries to stop me――――I will kill them, no matter who they are."
At the end, he kicks the man.
The men run away while coughing up blood. The area is finally quiet――――
Or so he thought, when...
Again.
Izawa: "――"
He hears the song.
Girl A――
Tonight, she sings again.
Tonight, she still does not answer.
However...
Tonight's song is slightly different.
Izawa: "Tsk, this is just sickening......fine, let's settle this."
Izawa spits on the ground, then walks away.
Yuubana Mayuki is in the city.
The back seat of a car.
Her mother is holding the wheel with the same troubled face as always.She turns back to Mayuki every so often, each time with a perky but cold smile.
A fake smile. Adults are always like this. Do they really think children can't see through it?
Mayuki: "Hafuu......"
She is sad. Very sad. Like a wet weekend."Huh? What does that mean?"She realizes she doesn't know. She'll look it up online later.
They're driving home. She's having a meaningless conversation with her mother about this week's schedule.
Mayuki: "Yes, that sounds fine."
She automatically replies without listening.
The fatigue is building. Her arms and legs are heavy. Her head is ringing. She's not in a good mood.
She holds her chin with one hand and looks outside. The multicolored lights outside fly by.
Mayuki: "Hafuu."
Again, a sigh.
She has a feeling something new is about to begin. She can hear the sounds of a new generation, of a renaissance of life.
Which should have come by now――
Nothing has started yet. Nothing has changed yet. Illusions are indeed――
When she thinks that...
Again.
Mayuki: "――"
She hears the song.
Girl A――
Tonight, she sings again.
Tonight, she still does not answer.
However...
Tonight's song is slightly different.
Mayuki: "A-ha!"
Tonight really is different.
Mayuki: "Good night."
She's staying at her Mom's place tonight. That's bad timing, but she can work around it.
She wishes her mother good night in the living room. She prepares for tomorrow's lesson, turns off the lights and heads to bed."Good night.""We have to be up early tomorrow, so get some rest."
..................
............
......
Mayuki quietly slips out, thirty minutes after getting into bed.
She's bringing her "strike pack." That's what she calls her new red backpack. When she first saw it, she bought it because she had a feeling she'd need it.
In it she has her purse, cell phone, snacks, water bottle, and every other necessity she can think of. She has no way of knowing what will happen.
But she's thoroughly prepared.
She opens the door slightly and peeks through. Once her mother falls asleep, she won't wake up until morning. The coast is clear.
She checks her wallet. She should be fine for now. There's even enough for a taxi.
The question is――
Are there any taxis still running at this hour that would take her back home without asking any questions?
She needs an excuse. That's no big deal.
Mayuki slips out of the house like a cockroach.
..................
............
......
She returns right away.
She forgot something. She takes two magazines from the bookshelf in her room and puts them in her strike pack. They just came out this month. She hasn't read them yet.
She psyches herself up again, and puts the strike pack back on, now that it contains her magical items.
Let the adventure begin.
Kasukabe Haru is in the city.
Her head pops out from under the blanket, like a turtle. She only just woke up, so her memories are fuzzy.
This happens a lot. She's too lazy to plan ahead.
Haru: "Hmm?"
She's a little surprised. Somehow, there's a man sleeping next to her. A naked one. She realizes she's also naked.
Haru: "Ummmm......when did I undress? I wonder how far we went......well, not that it matters if we went all the way."
With a shameless sleepy look on her face, she scratches her head and thinks. She plays with her huge breasts.
Haru: "Aaah, that's right."
Her memories return.Yesterday she missed the last train so she stayed at this guy's place overnight.
It wasn't casual sex. Though Haru wouldn't care much if it was.
He's currently her boyfriend. One of three. She found him just last month.
Since they're going out, there's nothing wrong with this. Hopefully.
Haru: "Fuuuu..."
She sits cross-legged on the bed and stretches. Still naked.
The man sleeps like a corpse. He must have tried too hard last night.
Her hips hurt too. She tried too hard.
Oh well.
Now what?
Actually, she could just sleep until morning.
There's nothing she has to do in a hurry tomorrow. She decides to sleep in and starts feeling tired.
She holds back a yawn. As she slips under the covers, next to the man...
Again.
Haru: "――"
She hears the song.
Girl A――
Tonight, she sings again.
Tonight, she still does not answer.
However...
Tonight's song is slightly different.
She's calling. The unending song is calling.
Haru: "Oh well, guess I have to."
She takes a shower and gets changed.
Then it hits her. She has no spare clothes.
Should she borrow the man's clothes, or continue wearing what she wore yesterday?Only two choices.
Haru is lazy. Thinking about it is a pain.
Haru: "Here goes."
She tosses a 500 yen coin.: "Where do you want to go?"
====================C002_050 最初の戦闘01_0531.json====================
―――The ghost girl tempts us with a sweet voice.
The absurdity of the situation is enough to make you reel, but I'm not so fragile that I want to hide under my covers. I hate how well I adapt to things.
Being exposed to daily psychological assaults from an anime-tier childhood friend would raise any human's endurance.
Akihito: "――I can hear the song. I think it's coming from there."
I ride my moped with no helmet, and with Kagome sitting behind me.Sorry, cops.
On top of the hill――
A housing complex that used to hold tens of thousands. This place peaked sometime last century.
The economy was booming back then, so lots of reckless construction was planned and later failed. The previous city council decided to demolish these buildings.
After a lengthy web of strange and complicated issues involving the residents' personal lives, future plans, and property rights, the final tenant was evicted just this year.
They say a lot of people died here, so it's one of the local ghost spots.
Kagome: "This is a strange place for the "princess" to summon you."
A forest of abandoned apartments on top of the hill. One of them towers above the rest. I don't even see a convenience store nearby, much less pedestrians.
Kagome: "Though any ghost that would choose to haunt you already has strange taste."
Akihito: "It's just a hunch. Don't believe me that easily."
Kagome: "That's surprising. It sounds like I trust you when you say it like that."
Akihito: "At least trust me a little."
I climb over the fence and begin trespassing.
Under my feet are glass shards, rubble, and unidentifiable garbage. Microwave food packaging, piles of paper, dolls torn apart (ick).
Silver threads of moonlight make the dark lobby look like a heretical altar used for an eerie ritual.
――Girl A.
The song echoes inside my head."Come here."
Tonight's song shows no sign of stopping.
Kagome comes along as if that's the normal thing to do. I've driven all the way out here in the middle of the night, following the song. It's calling me farther inside, farther up.
I climb all the way up the stairs. The rusty steel door opens easier than I expect. I grit my teeth, shove a little and it pops right open.
Wind. An empty roof close to the night sky.
This is the highest point of what used to be the west wing of the complex. From here the lights of the city blur together like fire reflected in water. 
There...
Benio: "Ah, someone's here."
Haru: "How many more do you think there are?"
Mayuki: "Given the trend so far, do you think it's another girl?"
Izawa: "......fuck you, pipsqueak."
Four women are waiting for me.
Of various sizes and shapes.
They have completely different outfits. Each one stands wherever they want, but still close to the door.
There's a strange tension as we all keep an awkward distance. Too far apart to be a friendly group of urban explorers. Too familiar to be complete strangers that weren't expecting each other.
All four rooftop visitors focus their attention on us. 
Benio: "Five......huh? There's six. 
For some reason, I thought there'd be five."
Haru: "But this is everyone the princess invited. I know that. I assume you know that too, right?"
Mayuki: "――Me?"
Haru: "Yes, O-Chibi-chan. Somehow I just know. Everything's like that. It's vague, but I can tell."
Mayuki: "I am Mayuki, not O-Chibi-chan. I told you before. Since your memory is so bad that you must be lacking brain cells, minus thirty points."
Benio: "......from what?"
Mayuki: "But I know what you mean. This is everyone. Five invitations, but six guests. It's hard to trust this new couple."
Izawa: "As if we trusted each other to begin with. Do you think you can trust me, pipsqueak?"
Benio: "Hey, don't be rude to the new guys, ummm......Izawa...san?"
Izawa: "Shut up. Stop whining, slut."
Benio: "Wh-wha......I'm......
don't call me that! I'm Benio!"
The rightmost girl called herself Benio.
She has her brown hair hanging in ponytails. I see bright white legs below her miniskirt.
Benio: "Aren't we all allies now? Right? I'm Takekawa Benio. So......let's try to get along."
Takekawa Benio's expression changes several times. Her eyes are so honest I can't look at them straight. She acts like a defenseless, friendly ally as she holds out her right hand.
Akihito: "――What do you think, Kagome-san?"
The open hand of friendship makes me falter.
Kagome: "You can't make a decision without another's opinion? Such a contemptible man."
Kagome: "Asking is a disgrace. They also say Akihito dies when he doesn't listen."
Akihito: "No they don't!"
Kagome: "Too many people for a mad tea party."
Haru: "It's more like an audience with the princess, I guess. The four of us were called here by her. Were you not?"
The second woman looks older, and she's wearing a maid outfit. I have no idea why.
Her curly hair has been braided.
She wears a classic apron dress.
And her boobs are huge.
Akihito: "Mm!"
Dangerous, brutal, thoroughly huge. Crap, those are weapons.
Kagome: "Is this really the time to be scrutinizing her body in detail?"
Akihito: "I didn't look that hard!"
Kagome: "But you did look, perverted man."
Akihito: "Stop tricking me into saying incriminating things!"
I shout like a sore loser.
Kagome: "――So, where's the ghost girl?"
Haru: "Dunno."
The maid sits on a pipe and crosses her legs lazily. Her innocent face is neither defenseless nor rejecting. Given the situation, she must be a very shameless hostess.
Mayuki: "――Have you seen her too?"
The third girl, Mayuki, approaches me with suspicion.
She's clearly younger than me. Not just slender, but young. And her outfit just doesn't work.
A big, weird hat covering too much of her head. Sharply-angled glasses.A spring jacket and hot pants. A red backpack at her feet.A bizarre combination showing off a complete lack of fashion sense.
Akihito: "Yeah......Girl A, right?"
Akihito: "――I can still hear her."
Mayuki: "Seems like you're legit."
Kagome: "Now little girls are getting information out of you. Akihito, you have so much to learn."
Akihito: "......what? You think she's targeting me?"
Do I look like someone people could easily take advantage of?
Mayuki: "*Stare*"
Mayuki raises her guard. Her hair stands on end like a stray cat not used to humans. But I can see anticipation as well as wariness behind her glasses.
Mayuki's waiting at the peak of this rotting monument for something to happen.
Benio: "Ummm............"
Benio nervously steps forward.
Akihito: "......what?"
Benio: "I was wondering if I should keep doing this......"
She's still holding out her lonely right hand.
Benio: "We are together now, right?"
With a carefree smile, Benio tilts her head slightly, urging me to respond.
Her use of words like "allies" and "together" nags at me somehow.
And yet――
It definitely does feel right, for some unseen reason different from words or logic.
The sensation that we're all connected――
A meaningless feeling. Hard to express.
Izawa: "You dogs never stop yapping."
The last girl interrupts our dramatic handshake of friendship.
Benio: "......muu."
Haru: "......"
Mayuki: "......"
The fourth person, Izawa――That's what Benio called her. She looks almost as mean as Kagome.
Short and delicate. She leans against the rusty fence. An unadorned men's jacket and worn out jeans. A sense of danger, as if she'll pounce on me at any moment.
Out eyes meet for no particular reason. Izawa states tersely.
Izawa: "I'll kill you."
Akihito: "What did I do!?"
Eye contact alone produces a death threat. Nasty as a hoodlum.
Izawa spits, as if upset. Her cold eyes push animosity and rejection toward me.
I understand at a glance. All living things are her enemies.
Kagome: "Shut up, knobhead."
For no clear reason, one of us actually is her enemy.
Benio: "Eh? Eh? What's that?"
Haru: "Oh my, oh my."
Mayuki: "Seriously?"
Izawa: "......what the hell did you just say?"
Akihito: "......umm, Kagome-san."
Kagome: "What is it, Akihito?"
Akihito: "What's a "knobhead?""
Kagome: "It means "your face is a dick" in another dialect."
The fact that she goes out of her way to use other dialects is just twisted.
Izawa: "......right at the end an interesting woman appears."
Izawa glares at Kagome, the root of the abusive remark. So much rage it approaches bloodlust. People can die just from a glare.
Akihito: "......you just made Izawa mad, you know."
Kagome: "I never did care for politeness."
Akihito: "You're Japanese! At least try to keep things harmonious!"
Kagome: "Shut up, knobhead."
Izawa walks over with the face of a ticking time bomb. The other three have no chance to stop her.
Izawa: "――――You're an annoying woman, looking down on people with that smug little grin."
She grabs Kagome by the chest as if she's done it a million times.
She pulls her close and attacks.
No doubt she's silenced more idiots than she can count by doing exactly this. A definite threat, not mere intimidation.
But this is the witch.
She holds up Kagome's collar with a familiar motion she's used a million times. At that moment――
Kagome moves back, as if she planned this. Only one step.
I have no idea what magic she just cast, but Izawa can't let go of Kagome's collar.
Izawa falls forward as if she was leaning on something that just vanished.
Her face explodes.
That's what it looks like from here, and it probably feels that way to Izawa. The iron hammer of the witch. Kagome's knee crashes into her face with artistic precision.
Izawa was serious, but Kagome has no concept of mercy. She annihilates the enemy until it can no longer attack her again. That's how the black witch approaches combat.
In the span of a single blink, Izawa's body is blown away. Not backward, but sideways.
Izawa probably doesn't understand what's happening either. Just after that one attack smashes her face, Kagome's right foot follows the knee with a knife-like kick.
It slams into the side of Izawa's head. Two bullseye attacks against a helpless opponent.
Akihito: "――――"
Izawa rolls along the ground like a broken toy. Kagome stands exactly the same way as she did a moment ago.
Benio: "Oh...ho...oooh???"
The peanut gallery couldn't keep up.
Akihito: "――――Kagome!"
Even I only just figured out what happened.
Kagome: "I didn't attack first."
Akihito: "I was the one Izawa was picking a fight with! Not you!"
I didn't even want to fight back.
Kagome: "That means nothing. We're partners."
Akihito: "It means plenty! And go easy on people!!"
Kagome: "That wasn't lethal."
Akihito: "Going easy means more than just not――"
Kagome: "It's been a long time since I needed to attack someone twice to neutralize them."
Kagome watches as Izawa picks herself up like a ghost.
Akihito: "How are you alive......?"
That wasn't a nice thing to say.
But I've never known anyone who could take that hit and keep moving. The witch's sickle of death moves faster than the human eye can see, but Izawa avoided it using little more than instinct.
She sacrificed her left arm to block Kagome's knee, and her shoulder took the brunt of the kick. That was the only way to prevent a fatal injury from Kagome's unavoidable attacks.
Kagome: "Since you survived that, I'll give you one valuable warning."
Kagome looks down like the final boss of a shounen manga.
Kagome: "Do that again, and you'll die."
Kagome: "Though you'll die even if you run."
Akihito: "How is that a warning!?"
She means kill, not die.That was a death sentence, not a warning.
Izawa: "You......bitch......!"
Unsurprisingly, she's not happy about it.
Izawa grits her teeth with hatred. She's not even holding her injured arm.
She hasn't lost the will to fight yet. I agree with her frustration 95%, but it's obvious how this will end.
Now that she can't use both arms, she doesn't have a snowball's chance of winning. A gap that willpower cannot fill. Humans can't compete with a witch.
Kagome: "One more thing. If you pull "that" out, this won't end well for you."
Akihito: "......this is already a pretty bad ending."
This woman is terrifying.
Izawa: "――――"
The witch's warning doesn't reach Izawa's ears. She pulls "that" out of her pocket.
Too late, I realize what Kagome was referring to. A steel barrel. A firing hammer. A black grip――
A gun.
A Russian-designed Tokarev handgun that used to dominate the world.It has a black luster, and is too heavy to be a plastic model.
――No way!? A real gun!?
You never see such things in this country if you're living a respectable life.
But since Izawa's choosing to pull it out in this situation, there's no doubt it's a potentially fatal weapon.
If it is a real gun――Can a witch fight back against a 400 meter per second bullet?
Akihito: "............!"
The gun barrel slowly rises.
Kagome smirks slightly.
Her finger pulls on the trigger.
I take one step to the right.
A few seconds later...
Haru: "――That's enough."
Just before the tension reaches boiling point, the maid points at the highest part of the abandoned building, as if to prevent Izawa from spitting poison.
Everyone's gaze focuses on the top of the rusty water tower.
――There she is.
Akihito: "――Girl A."
A nameless princess. Beautiful, like an illusion.
And like an illusion, no one is allowed to touch her.
Until now, only I could see Girl A, but now all of us look up at her.
Kagome: "Is she there?"
With the sole exception of Kagome. She asks in a low voice only I can hear.
Akihito: "――Yes."
Someone gulps.
Girl A sings.
She sings.She sings.She sings.
Her voice is not a voice. Her song is not a song.
Akihito: "......come to think of it..."
Benio: "What's wrong, 
umm......"
Akihito: "Akihito's fine."
Benio: "Then call me Benio."
Mayuki: "――That was so youthful I want to vomit. Please stay away from me so I don't catch it."
Haru: "Do young people these days no longer appreciate that kind of ceremony?"
Izawa: "............shit."
Benio: "So what's wrong?"
Akihito: "Well, just......I was remembering a movie where a princess came out of a robot and invited the protagonist to fight against an evil empire."
Benio: "I have all the DVDs of that!"
Mayuki: "If the final boss turns out to be your dad I'll demand an apology and financial compensation."
Kagome: "You aren't suited for the protagonist's role. You'd need at least five times as much skill and correction as the average person to avoid dying like a dog."
Akihito: "......I did say I'm better as a side character."
The song reverberates in my head.
It combines with the wind.
The moon begins to descend from the top of the heavens.
No one opens their mouth anymore. Not even Izawa. Time passes in silence.
The moon descends. The cold, huge disc approaches the water tower.
The blue-white light seems to make Girl A melt into the background.
A strange sensation. Nausea. Ringing in my head.
The song.Stabbing pain. Piercing pain.
Coming undone.Being dismantled and scanned.
The song――
I block my ears. But still, I hear it.The moon descends. I can't escape it.
A voice of pain. I hear it not through my ears.My voice and someone else's.
I can't tell them apart. Who is this? This song. It's inescapable.
Girl A holds out her hand toward the dark sky――――
The walls, the floor, the tower, the pipes, and the fences are all destroyed in an instant.
The swath of destruction reminds me of an animal's teeth marks.An invisible jaw tore them apart without creating a speck of dust.
A ritual to bring something into existence.A spell to induce the phenomenon of birth.
――――What's being born?
Then, I see a blue-white light swirling on the opposite end of the roof.
Akihito: "――――"
A pale light that appeared without even a ripple of warning.A blue phosphorescence illuminating the roof.A faint shadow extends from our feet, growing longer and longer.
Did we summon this?
――No.
Something that's neither reason nor instinct tells me that.
――This is not it.
The light swirls. It shimmers like heat haze but has no heat of its own.
The shadows on the roof flow around in circles.
Six flowing shadows.Like her body, Girl A's shadow isn't produced by light from this world.
Something else appears, oozing out of the swirling light.
It's...
――It crawls out.
It's...
――From beyond the light.
It's...
――It comes from the edge of the world.
It steps across the boundary.
――――First, an arm――――
Akihito: "――"
Steel arms. Steel legs. Steel fangs――――
Akihito: "――――!"
It's――
A monster――――
A fantastic giant. There's no other way to describe it.
Akihito: "――――"
I have no words. The other five probably don't either. Not one of us can even scream.
A fantastic monster arriving through the swirling light――My eyes are fixated on its every motion.
Humans fear that which is different.
Contact with the edge of the world.The unfamiliar that lies beyond what is already known.Fear of it opens holes in our hearts.
That's why we can't make any noise. Not one of us.Six pairs of eyes and one song focus on the giant.
The top of its head is over three meters high.
It has one shining, green, emotionless eye looking down at us.
It's shaped like a monkey, but it's fundamentally different from all living things in this world.
The surface of the giant's body is somewhat reptilian, but also has the luster of metal.
The giant is like a spider targeting its prey.It stoops down and moves forward on all fours.
――A monster.
A strange and bizarre creature. Terror grips my heart.This should be an impossible fairy tale.
But――
I know this. I've seen something just like this before.
Gasai: （If you have met Girl A――）
Gasai: （It will appear, eventually.）
The invisible giant that fought Shinomiya Yoruko.
No――
This one is different. The two fantasies are similar, but not identical.My instincts tell me they're the same kind of creature.
Just as Pyrene and Maltese are two different kinds of dog.
This is the another kind of the same thing.It has the same roots, but a distinct magic.
Akihito: "――――!"
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!　　　　　
The giant roars with its steel throat.The shrill cry echoes for several seconds.
Its enormous legs trample the concrete roof. The low rumble is far quieter than you'd expect, but it's still enough to bring me back to my senses.
――I make eye contact with the giant.
That single emotionless eye looks like a glass ball, but it clearly shows the monster's will, and gives me goosebumps.
I see animosity.
I see malice.
I see bloodlust.
――I know now.
This is not a delusion.
This is not a phantom.
This is not a fantasy.
This creature has a will. If it didn't, it couldn't have bloodlust.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!　　　　　
Another roar.
The giant shakes the earth as it begins sprinting.
Its giant body looks slow, but it races forward on all fours like an animal at the speed of wind.
It has one goal. It takes the shortest path toward it――――Toward us, and Girl A behind us.
――I can feel it.
――The blade of animosity. Like a knife being pressed against our hearts.
――A physical manifestation of bloodlust, just like the blade I saw that day.
The giant charges straight forward. It needs no special technique.It has enough strength to crush boulders with a simple charge.Humans would literally be torn apart without effort.
In the giant's path――――
...is Mayuki.
Mayuki: "......"
Akihito: "――――!"
Mayuki still hasn't recovered from her terror.She's not scared, or trying to run, but looking up like a statue.
Mayuki stares blankly at the giant approaching her.The difference in size between them is far greater than adult and child.
I imagine a pitiful work of glass being smashed, sending shards flying in all directions.
I shout at her to run, but she can't hear me.Even if she could, it wouldn't be fast enough.
Before I can think――
Before I realize it, I'm running.
I'm neither looking at nor thinking about the giant. I would cower if I saw it. If I hesitate for a moment longer, our fate will all be sealed.
I grab the paralyzed Mayuki and throw her like a suitcase toward Benio, since she's closest.
Mayuki: "Gyawa!"
Benio: "Beya!"
Benio catches Mayuki but fails to support her, so they fall down together.
It's right in front of me, less than ten meters away.This monster can cross that distance in a heartbeat.
A giant form like death itself.Abominable, cruel, untouchable, unignorable.
There's nothing I can do.No mere human can defend against this thing.
Its size alone gives it unmatched strength. It can trample all over us without even noticing, like a human walking over ants.
――I'll die.
I realize with perfect clarity that I'm going to die within the next second.
Kagome: "Akihito!"
Kagome shouts, with a firm, desperate voice.
Despite the situation, I smile. I've never heard that voice of hers before.
See what happens――?
Part of me laughs at myself.This is why I said not to get too deeply involved.This is how it ends.
A perfectly ordinary end.I knew from the start it would happen, and indeed it happened just as it should.
This is the price.
One last step――
The price I have to pay for the foolishness of crossing the taboo boundary.
The giant towers over me. Fourteen fangs writhing like blades.
I sense the smell of death. It reminds me of sweet, rotting fruit.A sign of impending, inescapable annihilation.
Akihito: "――――――"
It's coming.
Unwavering death closes in.
Despair walks toward me.
An end that simply cannot be resisted.
――――――――But so what?
...so what?
Aaah――
I laugh at myself again.
I didn't think I still had these things in me.Passion. Rage. Resistance.Feelings I thought dried up long ago.
They're still here.I still have a blade of sentiment to cut at the world with.
A fire needs fuel.I simply haven't had any kindling for my emotions, until I arrived here.
There's no need to feed it any further tragedy.
You can find that anywhere. Everyone has some of it.
Anger. Cursing. Effort. Agony. Belief.In this gentle kingdom they're all equally worthless.
Which is why, there's only one magic spell to chant."But so what?"
Anger. Cursing. Effort. Agony. Belief.Even if you throw away all of those things――
But so what――?
Those are the only meaningful words.
Only by accepting that it's meaningless, that you have no chance of winning, that you will be defeated, and then saying that...only then can you reject them――
Death. Defeat. Annihilation. Resignation.That is the only way to avoid accepting them.
In the face of fear, do not close your eyes, but raise your head.Even if it's all unshakeable, resolve to see it to the end.
Its arm reaches toward me――
The giant mocks me. It has no expression, but I know it's mocking me.
My arm――
I can't stop it with that. No part of my body can defend me. Full plate armor can't deflect a cannonball. This is beyond what human hands can do.
But so what?
I raise my arm――
A thunderous sound tears through the silence of the night, but it's not the giant's roar.
The steel giant is suddenly blown back like a wad of paper.
――What the hell just happened?
The earth rumbles, but not because of the giant.Something else comes from behind us.
An enormous arm――
The pitch-black arm that blew away the giant――
Arms. Legs. Fangs. A neck.
It appears.
A curved neck and long tail.
Something covered in steel――
It manifests before us.
Akihito: "――――"
I timidly turn around―――
A shadow towers over us.
A huge fortress of black steel with the moon behind it.It stands with an unshakeable majesty that borders on transcendence.
It's neither metallic nor organic.
Beautiful.
A beautiful black.
Vastly different from the glitter of gold.A fantastic abnormality coated in destruction and annihilation.I can only describe it as beautiful.
It raises its head like a viper. It's at least four meters tall. Each of its four limbs are stronger than any other creature that walks on land.
Its body is such a dark black that it looks like onyx, like crystallized night. Fourteen burning red eyes line its body, not blinking, just glaring at all material things.
It looks down at me, at us, at the six humans on this roof.
A pitch-black dragon.
Benio: "This is――"
Benio mutters. She fails to finish her sentence.
But I understand. We know. This is......
Load――
A black gun drawn inside my mind.A black steel barrel. A cylindrical magazine.Even the grip is pitch black iron and steel.
One――
A simple but dangerous mechanism. There are five bullets to load into it.
Two――
There are five humans to load into it. Invisible bullets using willpower for propellant. Benio. The maid. Mayuki. Izawa. Me――
Three――
Can we do this? We can.
I know. What we should do. What we can do.
Four――
The dragon is a weapon. A sword. A shield. A law.It is a dominion, the border of a kingdom.
Five――
We're loaded in, and connected.As our willpower is loaded, the dragon wakes up.
――Kill.
Our collective will flashes naturally.
And――
――The dragon answers.
====================C002_060 最初の戦闘02_0605.json====================
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The pitch-black dragon roars with its steel throat.
It rumbles to celebrate its revival.An impossible voice that only those connected to it can hear.
――Five wills loaded into it.――Five humans connected to it.
I understand. Not through words. Not through knowledge.Something much deeper tells me we're connected.
Now our five wills and the dragon are one.
Thus, the dragon answers. It fulfills our desires. It follows our orders.
The black dragon moves.
The obsidian devil shakes from joy at its release.With only three steps, it walks right over us as we stand agape.It rushes toward the giant.
The beast's charge is exceptionally silent.That lack of sound is hard to believe given its size.
The roar created by the steel beast is simply cut out of this world, as if it's cloaked in a deep silence.
Instead of the earth rumbling with each step, we hear the pitch-black armor grating.
The giant stands back up.It attacks the pitch-black dragon with claws and fangs of hatred.
Akihito: "――――"
Their fangs cross, trying to harvest each other's life.The fight between the two great beasts makes me imagine an ancient struggle between two dinosaurs.
Silent magic isn't as strong as the impact of a large mass.Sparks fly and thunder echoes, shaking the roof of the building.
Akihito: "――――!"
The giant and the pitch-black dragon. The dragon is significantly larger.In terms of brute strength, it's equal......no, stronger.
At least, it should be――
The dragon falters.One swipe, then another. Each time they collide it reacts slower.
The giant's arm acts as a hammer.The dragon's counterattacks lack the precision they need to connect.The giant's claws sink into the pitch-black armor like swords.
Akihito: "――Dammit."
The dragon's body isn't moving properly.It's too heavy. It feels like it's carrying someone else as it moves.
For example, the act of "running"―――
A normal person and a trained sprinter understand it completely differently, even though it's a normal part of life for both.
Technique and aptitude are both required to make the body perform certain functions.
Humans are optimized to move something human-shaped.Humans are not suited to move something dragon-shaped.
As those claws hold the dragon captive, the other steel arm rains down punches. A human could be obliterated without a trace if even one so much as grazed him. The dragon is hit with two, then three.
The dragon's obsidian shell holds fast even against those heavy strikes.It won't go down that easily.
Akihito: "Uu――――!"
But――It will reach a limit. I don't know if it'll come in ten seconds or a minute.
The dragon's armor makes ominous creaking sounds. That eloquently informs us of the obvious fact that no shield is unbreakable.
Akihito: "Dammit――――!"
As I get frustrated...
Izawa: "Aaah, this is good......there――――――I've got the hang of this."
Izawa bears her ferocious fangs.
Izawa: "Don't get too full of yourself, asshole."
Bare hatred and animosity, strong enough to burn you if you could touch it. Izawa looks alertly at the giant, prepared to point her fangs at all who dare attack.
――Kill!
The explosion of a sharpened will.
The dragon easily grabs the enemy's arm as it swings down.The quickest movement so far. A reflex twice as fast as before.
The giant is clearly shocked.
Izawa: "Ha! Hyaha! Don't freak out that easily!! We're only just getting started!!"
It doesn't look like it's gripping any harder, but the giant's right arm breaks off with a dull sound.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!　　　　　
The giant's scream. Its lone eye burns with rage, but Izawa doesn't feel a hint of terror anymore.
I feel power.
An overwhelming, overpowering, absolute――――power.
The sense that we're connected to power. Izawa is intoxicated by that sensation, as if she's drinking the finest wine money can buy.
She extends one arm. The dragon's arm follows.
Izawa: "Hahaha! This thing's great!"
She laughs loudly, from the bottom of her lungs.
Izawa: "Yes, this is fucking amazing! I'll kill every last one of you bastards! Hahaha!"
Izawa was the one controlling the dragon just now. I'm sure that's not just a hunch of mine. We're all part of the dragon now, and I can understand the sensations it sends me.
Izawa's pulling it off. She's controlling the dragon as if it's her own body. That's something more fundamental than technique or training.
Instincts you have to be born with, that no training can ever make up for.A natural talent――
The giant takes one, then two steps back. It's more afraid than angry.
Izawa: "You're not getting away, small fry! Hey, you dumbasses, don't just stand around and watch!"
Izawa understands. This thing can't be controlled by one person. That's just the way it's made.
――Five wills are loaded into it.
――Five humans are connected to it.
Those five wills control the dragon.Those five humans turn the magical steel into a monster.
Akihito: "What are you doing!?"
Izawa: "The hell do you think!? I'm gonna squash that thing!"
Akihito: "Calm down and think!"
Izawa: "Huh? Do you know what's going on? Wake the hell up! Open your damn eyes!"
――Kill!
Izawa orders the dragon to fight a war, to exterminate and slaughter.
A cold sense of danger runs down my back.Should I really let her take care of this?
――That would be bad.
I hold out my arm. I project an image to the dragon. I interfere with Izawa's connection.
Akihito: "――――――"
The black dragon stops in an awkward pose partway through a step.
Izawa: "――The hell did you do!?"
A tug-of-war rope won't move if the pulling forces are equal. Likewise, with two disagreeing wills acting on it, the black beast turns to a statue.
Izawa turns her anger toward me.My will, which interrupted her connection to the dragon.Since we're both part of the dragon, we can feel that directly.
Izawa: "Don't you――"
Kagome: "Akihito!!"
Kagome's piercing shout.
The giant opens its mouth, showing fourteen sharp fangs.We can see the red inside.
――A flash.
None of us expected that attack.
A fireball with a crimson tail flies out of the giant's mouth, creating hell on earth.
Sounds of destruction and hot air rushing around the roof.Any human would be instantly burned to a crisp.
We burn.
We burn.
We burn.
Literally in an instant――――
The last thing my seared retinas see is a silver light crossing the sky――
Akihito: "What are you doing!?"
Izawa: "The hell do you think!? I'm gonna squash that thing!"
Haru: "I'll help."
Akihito: "――Can you?"
Haru: "Well, probably. I think I can. I understand the sensation now――"
The maid is unexpectedly calm.
Haru: "What about you? Are you ready?"
Izawa: "Ha! Who do you think I am?"
Haru: "Then let's go for it. It's my first time so I might not be able to hold back. Don't mess up if I get too rough."
Izawa: "Same to you......I'll kill you if you fuck up, maid."
Haru: "Huhun, don't make it hurt."
Haru: "This looks like O-Haru-san's job. I can tell. This is――I guess a rhythm."
The maid spreads out her arms like an orchestra conductor, almost gracefully. Her slender white fingers play an invisible keyboard.
Haru: "Now――――Dance."
She directs it to move.
The dragon starts sprinting.It's so much lighter and faster than before that it leaves afterimages.
Huge legs. Steel mass. Stone breaking under its feet. The night. The scared giant. The dragon's roar. The blowing wind. The descending silver moon. Mayuki behind it. Pitch-black demonic claws. The city in the distance. Benio trying to stand up.
All those things crowd my vision in a single moment――――
The giant's waiting for the dragon.It goes down on one knee and puts its left arm on the ground to support itself. I see its red mouth open with fourteen fangs.
A flash.A shot.An impact.A blast.
Sounds of destruction and hot air rushing around the roof.Any human would be blown around like a tree leaf and roasted.
None of us expected that attack.
A fireball with a crimson tail flies out of the giant's mouth, creating a hell on earth.
The red arrow explodes when it connects with more force than TNT.A shockwave and strong winds.A red hot magical arrow to scorch and blow away.
That must be the giant's ultimate attack.Since there's nowhere to run on this roof, no one could survive it.There's no way any of us could.
It scatters heat and sound. Wind blows through these empty heights.All that remains is an uninhabited plateau――
――That's what should have happened.
But we're alive. The dragon, and every last one of us.
This time the giant steps back with obvious fear.It fears what it can't understand.
――This isn't possible.
Even if the black dragon survived, the tiny unprotected humans around its feet had no way of escaping the tyrannical heat.
But――
Black.Black.Black.Black.Black.
Darkness spreads out.
The black dragon howls with rage.
The gushing darkness eats away at the world.
Ten points extend from its body as if to tear the world into pieces. A black darker than night rushes out of their tips.The atmosphere creaks and grates around us.
A "black shield"――
Our black dragon expels darkness, just as the giant can shoot fireballs.
The shield of darkness deflected all the heat and the wind.
A pitch-black fortress that perfectly protected not only the dragon, but us fragile humans behind it.
In lieu of any better ideas, the giant loads a second shot.
Its jaw opens wide enough to swallow its own head.In the back of its throat I can see a flash of light.Red light gradually growing stronger.
It won't take it long to reload.Whether we survive or not will be decided before then―――
Akihito: "Maid!!"
Haru: "I'm here."
Another order. "Dance."
The dragon answers. It runs. It runs. It runs. More like leaping than running.
The pitch-black serpent gallops along the ground as if it's flying.
Izawa: "I'm gonna crush you!!"
The giant pointlessly swings its claws. The dragon weaves through them like an acrobat, then makes an unbelievable leap.
The huge dragon flies high over the giant's head.
The black dragon twists its body like a bird of prey and lands on the giant, biting into its throat.
An explosive sound. The two steel masses collide, producing an even louder rumble than the explosion from before.
The giant falls back under the weight of the impact, allowing the dragon to bear down on it.
It rips off the left arm with its teeth.
It crushes the right leg with its foot.
It smashes the torso with a swing of its tail.
Our dragon disassembles the giant in an instant.Its armor might as well have been paper.
The dragon mocks it.Insane. Brutal. Fourteen red, shining, burning eyes.
Izawa: "Don't waste your breath struggling! Stay still――I'll tear you apart right away!"
The shaking giant swings its broken right arm in desperation.It passes through empty air, only grazing the dragon's jaw.Now that it's afraid, it starts trying to flee.
It's too late. How will running help you survive this?
But the giant runs anyway.Disgraceful. Undignified. Writhing and rolling around.
Izawa: "――Give it up already!"
The dragon's tail slams into the fleeing giant.
Kagome: "Akihito, look out!"
Benio: "Eh――?"
Mayuki: "Ah――"
Akihito: "Izawa!!"
Haru: "Oh――"
Izawa: "What――――!?"
The dragon's tail connects. The giant, unable to absorb the blow, gets knocked to the edge of the roof.
―――A fatal mistake.
The giant sluggishly picks itself up.Red light burns inside its open mouth.
From the beginning, the giant was trying to keep its distance from us.
The dragon has been carelessly moving forward, so it's too far away from the enemy to reach it, and too far away from us to retreat.
It can't protect us with the black shield from there.
The giant loads a second round. It targets us, not the dragon.
It goes without saying what will happen if that red hot arrow hits us.
Either we'll be burned to death, or the shockwave will tear us apart.There's no way for us to live through that.
The red light in the giant's mouth grows hotter.
A bullet of red heat. We know it's coming, but we can't block it.
Death――
I sense the smell of death. It reminds me of sweet, rotting fruit.A sign of impending, inescapable annihilation.
Akihito: "――――――"
It's coming.
Unwavering death closes in.
Despair walks toward me.
An end that simply cannot be resisted.
――――――――But so what?
That doesn't matter.
If I reject it――
――I order it to take a firing stance immediately.
――Minimum size. Skip all unnecessary steps.
――Even that should be more than enough.
It begins charging.
The magic fireball shoots out with a long red tail.
That round has enough heat to burn right through a tank, but it's aimed at us foolish and fragile insects.
At the same time――
The dragon shoots.
It spits darkness out of its own mouth.
The dragon's fire does not burn.A black lump of rage tearing through the air.
The red arrow and black fire cross paths.
The two forces follow the same trajectory.Both sides expect this to be the moment when they finish the enemy off.
The scorching red heat is engulfed by the pitch-black shot.No, not engulfed. It ate it.
The black devours all in its path like a starving abyss.The destructive phenomenon eats, and eats, and eats.
That's the power of the pitch-black dragon which we haven't named yet.A manifestation of its gravity-controlling magic.
That black flame is a microscopic source of supergravity.It's theoretically impossible for any substance to resist it.
One shot is more than enough.
The black light plows through the giant――――――
====================C003_010 チャットルーム03_0531.json====================
――――dm-san has joined the chat.
dm：Hey guys
Madoka：Ah, what do you think, dm-san?
dm：You mean about that thing two nights ago?
Yukiko：We were just wondering whether it started then or the day before
dm：It really is causing a lot of commotion
dance：Especially in here. We're mostly from the Takakura suburbs, right?
777：Or so we claim
Yukiko：Huh? 777-san, you live somewhere else?
777：Dunno
Madoka：Back to the topic
dm：Did anything bad happen to you guys?
dance：I'm fine, but I still got affected by it
Yukiko：You mean the cops came to your house or something?
dance：not like that, lol
dance：But that's two terrorist attacks in two days. They're getting stricter at checkpoints now. My moped was almost impounded yesterday.
dm：So your moped was affected, lol
Madoka：Aren't these accidents, not terrorism?
Yukiko：You can't blame them for sending a ton of cops out after what happened
dm：So what happened, Yukiko-san?
Yukiko：Actually, I managed to sneak into that building on the hill
dance：You've got balls, Yukiko-san. Ah, wait, isn't that place off limits? Shouldn't there be cops around it after
Yukiko：It's a big hill. There's plenty of places to slip past them
dm：Spoken like a true delinquent, lol
Madoka：You're scary
777：Is this really terrorism?
dance：They're saying the one in the business district was a gas main explosion
Madoka：No one's using any gas on that hill
dance：But it doesn't make sense to bomb that place. It's just abandoned buildings. No one's there.
Yukiko：The devastation is pretty impressive. The news showed a bit of it.
Yukiko：It really does look like a bomb went off, on the......fifth floor of the western building, I think. Half of it had collapsed. Maybe they'll finally bulldoze the place
dm：......this is getting pretty scary.
====================C003_020 通過儀礼を終えて_0531.json====================: "Where do you want to go?"
The school floods with rumors――
Student: "Morning."
Student: "Morning. Hey, did you hear? Turns out it really was terrorists."
Student: "Where'd you get that from? The news said it looked like an accident――"
Student: "There's a picture on the internet showing survivors from the group that did it before――"
Student: "This is a plot, a government conspiracy."
Ayamine Academy. Compared to other schools in Takakura City, this one doesn't have much history.
It's one of many new schools that have some new ideas, but due to declining birth rates, are in constant competition with other equally unproven institutions.
A typical morning. When students meet other students, the flowers of rumor bloom.
The two mysterious explosions are inevitably being connected to the attacks five years ago.
It's only been two days since the first one. It's no surprise people are still talking about it.
The bench on the roof is my bed. I fold my arms behind my head and look up at the sky.
I know what it looks like, but I did attend the first three periods. That's pretty good for me, but I just couldn't take any more than that. The strings of tension finally snapped, so I evacuated to the roof.
Peaceful clouds float through the comfortable sky, as if they couldn't care less what happens down here on earth.
Kagome: "Akihito? I wondered what irritating creature would be soiling a perfectly good bench."
A pair of presumably 84-centimeter hips place themselves next to my face. Their owner folds her legs and sits presumptuously.
Akihito: "......that wasn't a very nice greeting."
As always, the witch's footsteps are silent. As usual, I'm cutting class too.
Hinaori Kagome.Some call her the black witch.
Black hair, black eyes, black, black, black――
Black follows Kagome everywhere. Dark legends accompany her like a shadow.
Everyone in this school has heard of Kagome, but rare are those she deigns to interact with. There's even a rumor that you get cursed if you step in her shadow.
Her uniform's black too. Of course, that goes against school policy.
In the past the school put up a fight about that.
It's now a legendary rebellion against the school rules. Obviously, Kagome refused to budge on the issue, and after various twists and complications, the school begrudgingly gave up and started ignoring it.
The fact that Kagome's been maintaining high grades probably helped.
Some call her a genius. Others whisper that she's a witch.
Kagome: "A relative of that monster could show up at any moment, but here you are lazily enjoying yourself......I'd love to see what's going on inside your head."
Akihito: "......don't belittle me so indirectly."
Kagome: "Akihito, you're an idiot."
Akihito: "How is that any better!?"
I no longer feel like sleeping, so I sit up.
Akihito: "I spent all last night looking stuff up."
Kagome: "Sounds a lot like other orthodox reactions to your life suddenly changing, such as getting flustered and shouting, or sitting in the corner of your room holding your knees and shaking."
Akihito: "If shouting and shaking would solve the problem, then I would."
Kagome: "You don't seem to be very excited about this."
Akihito: "Don't you mean "scared?""
Kagome: "Everyone is excited to gain such a great power, especially when they lack experience."
Akihito: "Lack experience?"
Kagome: "If you don't know how to use a tool, it's just a piece of junk. And it takes practice to use it well. Effort and experience."
It's strange hearing that from a witch who can effortlessly do whatever she wants.
Akihito: "So......I assume you were looking stuff up too. Did you find anything?"
Kagome: "What about you?"
Akihito: "Zilch. I looked at a bunch of occult sites and old blogs but didn't find anything that looked relevant. Now I'm just tired."
Akihito: "All I did find was a crapload of anecdotal monster sightings. Apparently the Taka-1 monster appears a lot around Takakura Harbor......and what kind of name is that?"
I throw up my hands in a gesture of surrender.
Kagome: "I did the same. Even the plausible sightings are large in number. There seem to be several monsters like that one or related to it still in this city."
Akihito: "Of course that wasn't the end of it......I shouldn't be surprised to hear that."
The night I met Yoruko――I remember the giant I saw in the middle of the street.
Kagome: "――――Oh? That makes it sound like you have some evidence."
The witch looks down at me, searching through my mind.
Akihito: "......I'll tell you in detail later. It's a long story. But because of that I do have one more lead."
I hold out my familiar, outdated phone.
Akihito: "The king's number. Though it's for a disposable phone."
Kagome: "Who the hell is that?"
Akihito: "Someone who probably knows what's going on. I stumbled across him the day before you came back. My phone remembers the number he called me from."
Akihito: "I tried it this morning and it wouldn't connect. He's annoyingly clever."
Kagome: "More like cautious. That's someone who's used to taking great precautions......he'll be tough to deal with."
Kagome's face closely resembles my impression of Gasai. Kagome is more unique, but they're both far too strong.
An individual who's too strong is no different from a storm. Without doing anything in particular, they sweep people up and blow them away.
Kagome: "Give me the number. I'll look into it."
Akihito: "You can get something from that?"
Kagome: "Even if his registration information is fake, it's surprisingly hard to wipe out all traces. I should find a clue, at least."
Akihito: "Would we even be able to do anything with that?"
Kagome: "This is our only promising lead. What little information we have simply doesn't narrow him down enough for me to find him yet."
If the witch can't do it, it's flat-out impossible for any normal person.
There are lots of things in the world that effort and willpower simply won't help with. Just as the world can't outstrip light.
Kururi: "Oh-ho, you're together. All lovey-dovey today?"
Akihito: "You really should go to class sometime, Senpai."
The third truant joins us with a yawn.
Her tone is half-hearted, though her mouth is a perky smile as always. Semimaru Kururi is like a Cheshire Cat.
Kagome: "Leave out "today." Akihito and I are always lovey-dovey."
Akihito: "Stop lying."
Kururi: "I envy your intimacy."
She sounds like she doesn't care.
Kururi is one of our school's leading weirdos, as well as one of the rare few who can communicate with the black witch. Normally she doesn't see strangers as human.
Kururi: "Squish squish."
She sits down on one end of the bench, then begins drinking her strawberry milk and eating her melon bread.
Akihito: "Why the sound effect?"
Kururi: "Saying things like "squish" gives you triple the cuteness of other leading heroines."
Akihito: "So very very cutesy."
Kagome: "The epitome of vulgarity."
Kururi: "You still appear negligent and lacking in both respect and obedience toward your Senpai."
Akihito: "I never had those things to begin with. So what happened to class?"
Kururi: "Today's independent study."
Akihito: "You're cutting. I'll sue you. In court. I want compensation for you trampling over my dignity as a student."
Kururi: "Don't you like the way "independent self-study" rolls off your tongue? Just saying independent self-study makes me feel tired and lazy."
Akihito: "You make uselessness an art form."
Kururi: "I strictly adhere to the tenets of uselessism."
Three cheers. Sing praise for humanity.
Kururi: "Calling every explosion terrorism is so typical, it's boring."
Following the flow of society, we discuss rumors about the incident.
Kagome: "Takakura City is special."
Kururi: "Yeah, maybe. The stuff from five years ago might've traumatized us. Everyone's acting tough but they're taking this too seriously."
Akihito: "You should try living seriously for once, Senpai."
Kururi: "Taking it easy is much better. I love sunbathing."
Super-detective Kururi is familiar with the circumstances of the incidents. She acquires inexplicable "stories" from unknown sources and hides them under her skirt.
Akihito: "Did we ever talk about how much I like my calm, peaceful life?"
Kururi: "The only people who say that are little kids who think everyone else is an idiot but still spend all their time hanging around with others despite not caring about any of them. Ick."
Akihito: "Stop being annoying, crazy girl. No one likes girls with glasses."
Kururi: "Mukiii!"
A scuffle ensues.
Kagome: "Silence."
We become silent.
Akihito: "So, Senpai, have you heard the UMA rumors?"
Kururi: "Didn't you say the other day "I don't want to hear about it," "I don't care," "I won't say anything," "Please help me!""
Akihito: "I don't remember begging anyone that shamelessly."
Kagome: "Is that unusual for you?"
Kururi: "Hmmm, that's true, it's not really unusual."
Kururi: "Monsters from urban legends. Beasts that only target girls. Rumors of a black destructive giant that kills all who look at it. Stories of people who follow a singing princess' invitation to search for stairs to the sky......"
Kururi: "There's a lot of different kinds. Because of all that Takakura City is getting a lot of attention from certain corners of the net lately."
Akihito: "Well, everything online is someone else's problem."
Mysteries and secrets are a nice pastime when you don't have to deal with them.
Kururi: "I think there were lots of pictures of UMA-like things too."
Akihito: "I saw those. They were too blurry to tell much, just like other famous monster sightings."
Kururi: "I'm sure some of them are fake. These days anything digital is easy to fabricate."
Kagome: "Too much information is the same as none at all."
Kururi: "Yeah, yeah, that's a law of the net. The most time-consuming part is getting rid of all the noise."
Kururi turns her strawberry milk upside down, letting the final drop fall into her mouth. Bad table manners.
Akihito: "Sounds like you're already knee-deep in something bad......well, more like shoulder deep. And here you are enjoying your milk......"
Kururi: "That's Kururi-chan's daily life."
Kururi: "Okay."
Kururi hops off the bench and spins around.
Kururi: "I'll be going then."
Akihito: "It's dangerous these days, so take care of yourself."
Kururi: "You're so nice, Kouhai."
Akihito: "Only because I'll have to clean up the mess if you get in trouble."
Kururi: "Ukiii."
We pinch each other's cheeks. We always cause trouble for each other. Another scuffle.
Kagome: "Get going already."
Kururi disappears into the stairwell with a skip as the cruel, emotionless witch's poison hits her in the back. Another normal day.
Two days since the night we met. Time passes with the same silence as the eye of a storm. The truth lives hidden underneath the appearance of an unchanged life.
Rumors of monsters.Rumors.Rumors.Rumors.
A steel body breathes in its sleep. It isn't just a rumor. The dead dragon wakes up when we're loaded in. That's why we know.
――――The monsters are real.
====================C003_030 伊沢萩01_0530.json====================
Under the bridge――
Eyeless insects and lizards live deep in caves where sunlight won't reach them. Dark places tend to house creatures that are suited for living in them.
For instance, here.
Gergiev: "――This time you've gone too far, even for you."
Gergiev is Russian. His first name is well known, but even his closest friends don't know his surname.
The homeland he remembers wasn't a good place. He lived a cold, impoverished life, and after years of working in the mud he was run out of town without a penny to his name.
By the time he could grit his teeth and look back over the border, he'd already thrown his family name and his past into the gutter.
Right now, Gergiev is a core member of a Russian group focusing on the new heart of the city.
He's from a southern part of Russia though, so his ethnicity is closer to Chinese than Russian.
That probably isn't why, but he can speak pidgin Japanese. That makes him valuable among the other old members.
Gergiev brought four subordinates with him. Five men in total. They have two guns.
That's far too much for taking care of any single person, but tonight they're after Izawa Shuu.
Everyone in this neighborhood knows about the mad dog. He'll chew your throat out if you give him half a chance.
Gergiev: "Our leaders are quite unhappy with you. We've given you plenty of warnings. I was really hoping you'd turn around."
Izawa remains silent. He hasn't opened his mouth once since Gergiev's men surrounded him.
Gergiev goes out of his way to speak in Russian rather than Japanese.
For some reason, he didn't feel it'd be right to say his farewells to Izawa in a language he could barely speak.
Izawa can't understand Russian, of course, but he can tell what they mean.
He knows what they plan to do.
Gergiev: "......?"
A very slight reaction. Gergiev starts to get suspicious.
He knows Izawa. He's invited him to talk before, but Izawa refused. He found that disappointing, but he wasn't surprised.
Izawa is a lone wolf. There are some creatures that can't stand living in herds.
Tonight they've come to dispose of him. That was their order.
The man Izawa sunk his teeth into last week controlled an important source of funds for the group.
The higher-ups suffered a huge loss from that. Letting it slide would ruin their reputation. After asking Izawa some questions, they're going to take care of him for good.
It's not simple, but not hard either. No one can compete with strength in numbers. There's a limit to how strong one person can be. They can attack him in his sleep if they have to.
Izawa: "――――"
Something's wrong.
He doesn't look like he's given up. Resignation doesn't suit Izawa Shuu.
Is he looking for an opening? That doesn't explain it either.
Izawa's sharp. He wouldn't have survived this long otherwise.
When danger approaches, he senses it like a wild animal and hides himself. Then he comes out for a precise counterattack.
The Izawa that Gergiev knows wouldn't be wandering around out here defenselessly.
Izawa: "Hu, hyahaha!"
Izawa starts smiling, as if he's high on drugs.
Man: "Guge――――"
Gergiev: "――――!?"
Gergiev's thoughts cut off. He hears his men scream behind him.
After turning around, he's speechless. Despite seeing exactly what's happening, he can't understand it.
There is light.There is an arm.
A blue-white swirling light appears without warning. A black arm sticks out of the center. It looks like it has a steel frame. It plows through Gergiev's men in one swing.
Three men slam into the wall together. Every one of their limbs is pointing in unnatural directions.
The fourth man's blood-curdling scream trails on for several seconds. He's held up in the air by his feet, watching the stunning beast appear.
A pitch-black monster towering high above their heads is holding the man's ankle in its jaw, having chosen him to be crucified upside-down.
The black steel monster spins the man around and throws him away. The scream coming from him is more comical than tragic. The sound of him crashing into concrete is softer and duller than you'd expect.
Izawa: "Huhu, huhaha――"
A loud laugh, as if what just happened was unbearably hilarious.
Izawa: "Yes, this is perfect. Don't you think so? Don't you? Come on, say something."
Gergiev's eyes open wide. He's frozen, unable to speak.
Izawa: "I am my own king."
Izawa: "Gergiev, you get to live. Tell the others that this is my territory."
Izawa looks into his eyes, close enough that their noses almost touch. Those eyes have a ferocious heat that robs their enemy's body of warmth.
Izawa: "Do anything to irritate me around here, and everyone I see will die."
Izawa: "Got it? Every last one of them."
Only after Izawa disappears back into the darkness does Gergiev realize that he was shaking.
====================C003_050 街でいっしょに_0531.json====================
――――It's been three days since then.
We agreed to meet up today. We've skipped school so we could come here in the middle of the day.
The footbridge in front of Takakura Station is famous, and not just in this city. People meet up here all the time. Even I met the king here not long ago.
The crowds of people pass in both directions as I lean against the railing and wait.
I feel people staring at us.
Kagome: "――――"
That's Kagome's fault.
She's wearing men's clothing and has her back turned to the crowd, but somehow that makes her stand out more than a swimsuit would.
The reason she always wears men's clothes is because she takes them from my dresser without asking.
By the way, Kagome never puts them away when she gets back, so I have to do that for her.
Kagome stands out.
A thing of beauty. It's such a cliche phrase, but it fits her perfectly.
Affection. Animosity. Longing. Jealousy. Lust. Neither men nor women can ignore Kagome, but they all quickly walk away before making eye contact.
Anything can be an object of fear if overdone. God and the Devil are relatives, after all.
Kagome: "They're late."
The Devil's servant is strangely impatient.
Akihito: "Don't whine. There's still ten minutes."
Kagome: "Akihito――"
Kagome: "It's normal for me to make others wait, but anyone who makes me wait deserves vengeance."
Akihito: "You're a terrible person, you know that?"
Kagome: "If someone insists on showing up at the time agreed upon, and not a minute earlier, I can push them down the stairs in self-defense."
Akihito: "No judge or jury would let you get away with that."
Benio: "Hey! I'm here! Did you wait?"
A bright and cheerful voice tells us they've arrived.
Exactly on time. If Kagome was the judge, they'd be executed.
Mayuki: "Hi there."
Haru: "Hello~"
The other two follow behind Benio at a strange distance, symbolizing our current relationship.
Everyone who agreed to come here today is now here.
――Three days ago.
――The night we were connected to the dragon.
――The night that Girl A vanished.
――The six of us hung out on the footbridge that night too.
Haru: "How are things, O-Chibi-chan? Got any cute bunnies?"
The six of us are neither far away nor close to one another. A strange but appropriate distance considering we just met. 
Mayuki: "Another one gets uploaded every so often, so there's a lot now. Also, there are no bunnies, just so you know."
Mayuki sits down, fiddling intently with her phone."There were these two huge explosions the last few days――""I can't get close cuz of all the cops, but from here――""It's the same as what we heard five years ago! Clearly it's――"
Mayuki looks at various blogs through her phone's browser. Information about the "explosion on the hill" appears on one after the other.
Reports from the scene spread through the electronic sea at the speed of light. Tonight the world is still dizzyingly fast.
Posts on the internet are just like graffiti. Attention grabbing is preferred to accuracy.
But still..."A dragon and a giant were fighting on the roof, and both of them shot fireballs which destroyed half the building."
――Not a single post like that pops up anywhere.
Truth really is stranger than fiction. Unfortunately.
Kagome: "The riffraff will be buzzing about this tomorrow morning."
Akihito: "......you're calling the entire city 'riffraff' now?"
Benio: "That's......impressive...I guess......"
Akihito: "Looking down on everyone is one of her default settings."
Mayuki: "I don't think she's quite that robotic. By the way――"
Haru: "Me? What is it?"
Mayuki: "Maid, I'm Yuubana Mayuki, not O-Chibi-chan"
Haru: "I'm Haru. Haru as in spring. Kasukabe Haru. You can call me O-Haru-san if that's easier."
Akihito: "......that's easier?"
Haru: "Yes, much easier, especially for me."
Haru smiles slightly while holding out open hands. She likes being silly.
We've come down near the station, as if running away from the hill.
――Actually, it's not "as if."
The dragon's black fire wiped out half the building too. We can't laugh that off.
It'd be stupid if we survived the giant, only to get buried in the rubble of the collapsing building.
So we literally ran down the stairs, then used the maid's――Haru's car and my moped to get away.
Akihito: "Right."
I sigh.
There's still some time before dawn breaks. We're in the depths of night, as far from midday as possible. It's spring, but the air's cold enough that I can feel the chill on my skin.
No one talks much. We all watch each other's faces, searching for something to say, failing to come up with an icebreaker.
Basically, we're all still panicking."A giant suddenly came out of nowhere and we used a dragon to kill it."
The situation is too ridiculous. We can't keep up at all.
We're all surprisingly calm though. Maybe that's because we're the manga and anime generation. Thank you, manga artists everywhere.
Thinking back, this is a pretty classic twist.
A standard situation to start a newly serialized battle manga with.A beautiful girl guiding us to a place where we gained a new power and had to fight a mysterious enemy. Chapter one complete.
The one problem is that this is real life, not a new manga.
Under a dark sky, we occasionally talk about random things and gaze at an unmoving city.
Benio counts the street lights passing by. Haru lights a cigarette. Mayuki continues browsing the net.
Benio: "That building......blew up, didn't it......?"
Haru: "O-Haru-san almost died back there. This isn't a good night."
Mayuki: "Should we......go tell the cops......?"
Izawa: "......you think they can help?"
Izawa stays away from the rest of us, acting irritated.
Izawa: "The cops can't do a damn thing about this. What would we even tell them? That we're the ones who tore up that place?"
Izawa: "Because we got a monster then another monster attacked us......ha! We'd never get them to believe us."
Akihito: "That does seem pretty hopeless......"
Benio: "What do you guys think? About that explosion......"
Kagome: "It'll start another pointless commotion. They'll be happy with anything that amuses them."
Akihito: "All the TV channels will be covering it again, just like yesterday......I guess now it's the day before yesterday."
Mayuki: "......you mean this looks like a serial bombing? We must be terrorists or secret society members now."
Haru: "Would it be bad if someone saw us going there?"
Kagome: "The police might start watching us. They are fairly sharp."
For Kagome, even the police are just part of the riffraff.
Benio: "I took the bus......"
Mayuki: "......I used a taxi."
Akihito: "We came on my moped."
Kagome: "Akihito can't get a license for two-wheeled vehicles. If we keep riding tandem, then they'll arrest us eventually."
Akihito: "......I can, I just haven't yet."
Don't emphasize things that make me sound worse than I am.
Kagome: "Silencing me won't change the truth."
Akihito: "Why are you acting like a righteous journalist!?"
Kagome: "And we are violating traffic laws on a daily basis."
Akihito: "Because you keep getting on without my permission!"
Benio: "............you're such good friends."
Akihito: "No, absolutely not."
Izawa: "............ha!"
Silence descends again.
Benio: "What...should we do......? After all that......"
Izawa: "Don't care."
Izawa isn't a team player.
Benio: "......but we're a group now, right? The dragon......disappeared, but, well, I'm not sure how to say it, but I felt it......"
Benio: "We're all......connected, I guess."
Izawa: "I don't give a shit."
Izawa: "A group? Friends? Allies? Doesn't matter. I know what I need to do. That's plenty for me."
Izawa: "More importantly――I owe you now."
He puts a hand to his left arm, as if making sure it still hurt. The light from Izawa's eyes is a blade of hatred, but it can't compete with the witch's claws.
Izawa: "――――Snake. You and I will settle this someday."
That monster battle must've declawed him for now. He doesn't want to fight her right away.
Kagome: "Silence, titmouse."
Izawa: "――――――――"
Akihito: "Was that what you needed to do?"
Kagome's reckless enough to build a campfire in an armory. Since fighting her is pointless, I join in.
Izawa: "............tsk."
Izawa makes a frustrated noise, now that he's lost his chance.
Izawa: "That thing......that beast does whatever I want."
Akihito: "......are you serious? Another monster came and attacked us. This isn't some monster movie."
Akihito: "Who knows how much more dangerous it'll get from here on."
Izawa: "If another one shows up we'll just kill it again."
Izawa: "This thing is powerful. Very powerful. That's all I care about."
He licks his lips. I imagine a carnivore sizing up its prey.
Benio: "Wait......what are you going to do......?"
Izawa: "What do you care? Shut up, Ironing Board."
Benio: "W-what!?"
The sky starts to brighten. It's morning.
Izawa: "Farewell. You do whatever you want, and so will I."
In the end we went our separate ways without answering a single question.
As the rest of us leave, we agree to come back in three days.
We don't know anything. Chatting about it here won't change that. So we're going to wait a few days then get back together.
There's three things that we need to do in that time.
Cool our heads.
Eat plenty of food.
Investigate whatever we can.
We exchange phone numbers and email addresses before leaving. It's been three days since then.
......as expected, Izawa didn't come.
Akihito: "So, O-Haru-san, can I ask you something before we go somewhere else?"
Haru: "Sure. What is it?"
Akihito: "......why the maid outfit?"
For some reason Kasukabe Haru's wearing it again. The weird looks from the crowd hurt. They really hurt.
Haru: "No special reason......I felt like it?"
The megaboobs are clueless.
For now we head to the north side of the new heart. The foreign look of the town creates a completely different feel from the more hodgepodge mixture on the south side.
Benio: "But Akihito-kun, how did you know Izawa-chan's number?"
Akihito: "......chan?"
Benio: "She's small, and cute, and younger than me, though she does look mean......so, chan. Is that bad?"
Kagome: "I see. That certainly is cute."
Kagome smiles with a devilish face.
Akihito: "............you're not thinking anything bad, are you?"
Kagome: "Don't insinuate that your childhood friend would ever do such a thing. If everyone learned of your intolerance, your life would hit a dead end."
Akihito: "You're the one insinuating!!"
Haru: "So what were we talking about?"
Mayuki: "You guys go off-topic fast."
Kagome: "Because Akihito's brain is too small."
Akihito: "Uu......"
After getting angry for a second, I clear my throat and get back on topic.
Akihito: "Anyway......I think Izawa's gonna be mad if you use "chan.""
Benio: "Why?"
Akihito: "Because he's a man."
Benio: "No waaay!?"
Akihito: "Izawa Shuu......he's pretty famous in the business district. That's why I managed to get a lead on him."
Akihito: "I actually couldn't contact him directly, but I found someone from his posse and asked him to get a message to Izawa."
Benio: "P-posse? ......didn't think he'd have one......"
Akihito: "Get a hold of yourself, Benio-san."
Mayuki: "A posse? In the 21st century that's a very retro choice of words. Is he a gang boss or something?"
Akihito: "Well, rumor has it Izawa Shuu is a lone wolf who doesn't work with anyone, so that was probably an exaggeration."
Benio: "Oooh."
Kagome: "A titmouse without enough human interaction."
Akihito: "You're in no position to say that."
Kagome hasn't maintained many stable friendships herself.
Haru: "Hmmmm, that could be kinda fun."
Akihito: "Izawa? He seems more problematic than fun."
Haru: "Not him, you. I didn't expect you to have those connections......that's all."
Mayuki: "I see. You're secretly a bad guy. The demon behind the black curtain."
Benio: "......are you?"
Akihito: "I work part-time in the business district, that's all. Stop calling me a bad guy."
We walk down Hanasaki Street. A witch, a boob maid, a well-off girl, a chibi frog, and a harmless man. We stick out like sore thumbs.
They say this street got its name from the rows of flowers planted along the sidewalks. It's one of Takakura City's main roads. Following it to the east will take you to the Takakura Suspension Bridge.
Akihito: "What've you been doing for the last three days?"
Benio: "......I just stayed in my room. I was too scared to go outside, since another monster might show up......"
Benio lowers her shoulders. I guess she's more naive than I thought.
Mayuki: "That's a standard reaction."
Benio: "......what about you, Mayu-Mayu?"
Akihito: "Who's that?"
Benio: "Well, she's Mayuki-chan, so..."
Mayuki: "......please don't play with people's names without asking, you silly shark bait."
Benio: "S――......what......?"
Mayuki adjusts her glasses with an adult expression.
Mayuki: "As a double-oh net agent I've been gathering information, killing time with online shopping, studying for school when I have to, and doing my job."
The chibi frog is tougher than she looks.
Benio: "Your job? You work, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "Even I have a part-time job. Now then, your turn, maid."
Haru: "I ate, slept, played with men, and worked, I guess."
Kagome: "Such a bold maid."
Agreed.
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't like thinking about details."
Akihito: "Umm, you probably should a little."
Haru: "Thinking too hard just makes my chest feel heavy."
I think it'd be pretty heavy either way.
Boing. Boing.
The witch and the maid. When you put them together the volume is incredible. A masterpiece. If these could ever be mass produced, then on that day――!!
Benio: "..........................."
Benio-san's eyes get strangely tense as she beholds the pairs of demons. Social disparity is cruel.
Benio: "S-so, anyway......"
Benio: "I stayed in my room for two days thinking, but it still makes no sense to me."
Benio: "......what in the world happened to us?"
That's the answer we want the most, and probably the one we're farthest from.
There are very few things we do know.
――The dragon exists.
――Other monsters exist.
――We're connected to the dragon.
And...
Even though we can't see it, we're still connected, right now.
Mayuki: "Why were we chosen?"
Despite almost getting trampled by that monster, Mayuki already has a spring in her step.
Mayuki: "We were chosen. To connect to and control that dragon."
Benio: "But who chose us?"
Haru: "Well, there does seem to be one obvious answer."
――――Girl A.
Akihito: "I guess it could be her."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Benio: "Chosen, huh......
but doesn't that sound cool!?"
Benio spins around, suddenly quite cheerful.
Benio: "Wow, once you put it that way, all the time I spent in my room feels like a waste."
Akihito: "That was way too fast for a mood swing."
Benio: "Recovering quickly is Benio-san's strong suit, beeh!"
She sticks her tongue out.
Akihito: "So, any idea why we were chosen?"
Benio: "Hmm......?"
A troubled expression. She changes moods quickly, but she's weak to logic.
Haru: "Good question......maybe they picked our names out of a hat?"
Benio: "That would......be kinda sad......"
Mayuki: "Hmm, yes......"
Mayuki's glasses glint. She puts a hand to her jaw, like a stereotypical detective.
Mayuki: "In a situation like this, there's usually some justification."
Mayuki: "Bloodlines, dormant superpowers, special genes, or warriors from past lives."
Mayuki: "Or we happen to have high "synchronization rates" or got exposed to some kind of cosmic energy."
Benio: "I see, synchronization rates..."
Akihito: "......what's that?"
Mayuki: "It's a way of categorizing characters. A reason for some to be chosen as warriors to fight the enemies of the world. That's a common excuse for a situation like this."
As I thought, Little Miss Chibi does appear to be into that stuff.
Kagome: "Akihito watches those shows sometimes."
Akihito: "You watch them with me. And you complain about everything that isn't utterly amazing."
Even the TV doesn't get off easy around Kagome-san.
Akihito: "So which seems most likely?"
Mayuki: "Blood or superpowers."
Akihito: "......effort and willpower aren't that popular anymore."
Such a cold era.
Haru: "Why we were chosen aside......what usually happens afterward?"
Mayuki: "That part varies a lot these days, so it's hard to give a general answer, but I guess the first thing is――"
Mayuki: "Ghosts or monsters start appearing."
Benio: "Yeah, yeah, that's exactly what happens."
Haru: "Monsters, huh......"
Kagome: "We already saw one."
Akihito: "And we had to fight it......"
Mayuki: "That dragon was a demon king that should be the enemy of the world, but by making a contract with the protagonists its sense of justice has awakened so now it fights against its old allies."
Benio: "It wasn't bad enough to call a demon king. It did what we asked it to......although......I couldn't do anything......"
Benio panicked just like Mayuki back on the hill. She lowers her shoulders like a dejected dog.
Akihito: "Don't let that bother you......"
Mayuki: "............"
Mayuki glares at me from under her glasses. When I look at her, she turns away and pretends nothing happened with her tail between her legs.
Akihito: "Ummmm......"
For some reason I have a hunch as to why she just did that.
Akihito: "......if you're bothered by what happened on the hill, don't worry, it was nothing."
Mayuki: "N-nobody said anything. Not one word. Not one sentence. I said no one said it so no one said it!"
Akihito: "......right, okay then."
Mayuki: "Well......I should thank you......for saving me back there......"
She's embarrassed.
Mayuki: "Back on topic. Didn't that dragon's design make it look like a really evil creature?"
Uwa, she said it......roughly sums up how we react to that comment.
Benio: "Aaah, well, kinda......"
Haru: "It was very pointy."
Kagome: "It didn't look like a saint, though it's a perfect fit for Akihito."
Akihito: "I'm a perfectly harmless boy!"
Mayuki: "It's clearly a boss design. Like a cruel demon king or one of the great evil deities."
Mayuki: "The kind of guy who appears third but turns out to be the most powerful, probably with black magic."
Mayuki: "It looks like it'd need sacrifices. Or it might kill its summoners if they don't do what it wants. Very scary."
Akihito: "Don't say things like that!"
Mayuki: "It's just a what-if. I didn't think you were so easily spooked, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "Hu......"
I laugh. Was that supposed to be payback for what I said?
Mayuki: "Please don't undress me with your eyes like that."
Akihito: "Don't use negative verbs like that!"
Kagome: "As your childhood friend, I should warn you that it's dangerous to reveal your abnormal sexual preferences in public view."
Akihito: "You should be defending me!"
Mayuki: "Lolicon Akihito-san, even if you can't resist the temptation to kidnap and hold me captive, I'm a growing girl so within a year I'll suddenly expand right out of your strike zone."
Akihito: "......I'm telling you my strike zone is not that low."
That's something my raison d'etre will never allow.
Benio: "Heeeey!"
Mayuki: "Ow!?"
Benio gently chops her.
Benio: "Girls shouldn't talk about such unladylike things!"
She's red up to her ears.
Haru: "You don't look old-fashioned. Didn't think you'd be picky about that."
The maid's way of life is very soft.
We exchange all the thoughts and information we have, but nothing particularly useful comes up.
Mayuki: "Speaking of which, about those tropes we were talking about――"
Mayuki: "We've had a summonable creature and a mystery enemy, so once a heroine with a sword shows up and strikes a pose everything will be perfect."
Akihito: "A sword-wielding heroine......"
I think I know who that would be, and that gives me a headache.
Kagome: "I don't have a sword, but I did bring Sakurako-san."
Kagome reaches for Sakurako-san in her bag. I can see the handle already.
Akihito: "Don't show that in public!"
Kagome: "Screaming at a woman? You really have no dignity."
Akihito: "Kagome-san, as your childhood friend, I'm telling you, you need to stop pulling daggers out in public places!"
The implication being I don't want to get arrested.
Kagome: "Don't call it a dagger. This is a kukri knife, also known as a Gurkha knife."
Akihito: "Enough! You don't need to tell us about it!"
Tarou-kun, Sakurako-san and Sanrou-kun. Those are the names of Kagome's three Gurkha knives which almost certainly violate our law against guns and swords.
Since Kagome doesn't give a rat's ass about common decency, she carries them around everywhere.
Haru: "Oooh, I see......so we do have a sword-wielding heroine."
Akihito: "She might as well be a mass murdering heroine......"
Mayuki: "If that heroine is your childhood friend, then you're the protagonist, Akihito-san. Congratulations."
Mayuki: "Normally you'd die during the first incident then come back to life as a warrior with a mysterious power given to you by the heroine."
Benio: "Oooh, you're right!"
Akihito: "I'm not dead yet!!"
Kagome: "Don't be so uncouth. This is all hypothetical."
Haru: "Uncouth~"
Akihito: "Y-you two......!"
What's going on? Am I turning into the wimpy guy everyone picks on!?
Mayuki: "She's right, that's normal."
Mayuki: "You get attacked by a monster and a heroine saves you. Before long you're in the middle of it. Oh, and don't worry, the heroine's always a beautiful girl."
Akihito: "............that's convenient."
A witch, a boob maid, and a well-off girl. Aside from the chibi frog everyone here is a beautiful girl or woman.
Akihito: "Well, convenient twists are nice once in a while."
I convert to a new faith.
Mayuki stops, staring at a show window.
Benio: "What is it, Mayuki-chan?"
We stand in front of a famous large bookstore on the street near the station. She looks like a mathematician staring at a challenging problem.
Akihito: "......you wanna go in?"
Mayuki: "!"
She reacts so strongly I wouldn't be surprised to see a tail pop out of her. That must've been a bullseye. But bookstores are basically the same every time you go, right?
Akihito: "It's fine, we have plenty of time."
Mayuki: "No, not that, I don't really want to...
that's right, I don't want to embarrass you when you're trying to be nice, so for your sake I'll take you up on that offer."
Akihito: "Just admit you want to go in."
Benio and Haru follow Mayuki into the bookstore. Kagome goes in too. She must have something to buy.
I don't really feel like going into a crowded shop like that, so I wait outside with nothing to do. As I look around aimlessly――
――I see that woman.
I feel like my heart stops.
I don't recognize her, but she leaves such a strong impression you'd never forget her if you saw her once. She's six or seven years older now.
What's burned into my memory is her presence, not her elegant features.
Like a machine. A cold, firm, unwavering steel mechanism.
Akihito: "――――"
Among the evening crowds, from the other side of the street, she looks around with a gaze of nuts and bolts.
The woman's eyes have no warmth. They feel more like dark gun barrels than sensory organs.
If she pulls the trigger, someone will fall. Regardless of age, sex or morality. Without hesitation or concern. A flawless machine designed to obliterate those who oppose it.
A tinge of pain――
As if a tiny bone is stuck in my throat.
Akihito: "......"
She turns――
Our eyes meet.: （――You can have one if you want.）
Akihito: "――――!"
Worn-out memories come back to me for a moment.
――――Why did I think that?
What does that old dreg of my past have to do with this woman in front of me?
Benio: "We're back!"
Mayuki: "What she said."
Haru: "Hello."
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "Oh......"
By the time I turn back to the far side of the street, the woman whose name I don't even know has already vanished.
Mayuki heads into the far left corner of the store where the paperbacks are, then even farther left. She pulls out three volumes of a series dominating two entire shelves.
Benio says this is the light novel corner. I look down where they're laid out and I can see the covers, but at a glance it's all random anime-style art I don't recognize.
Mayuki: "Amazon will never replace real bookstores."
She looks happy.
In no time at all, it's night. The evening sky has gotten much darker at some point.
This is around the time when a bunch of suits heading home from work start mingling with the downtown crowds.
Benio: "So......in the end we still don't know anything?"
Akihito: "Well, this is something no one knows exists. As a fairy tale it's half-assed, but since it's real we just have to put up with that."
Mayuki: "It may be a standard opening, but it's a pain to deal with when it actually happens to you."
Akihito: "......stop talking like this is fiction."
Kagome: "What's wrong, Akihito? You're the protagonist. Show some pride."
Akihito: "Uu......y-you......!"
You're dragging up that joke again?
Benio: "......"
Haru: "Howaaaa......
huh? What's wrong?"
Benio: "Nothing's wrong, just......well......Akihito-kun's girlfriend is really pretty, that's all."
Mayuki: "I believe these two would be called a "couple of fleas" since she's the dominant one. Or perhaps "beauty and the beast.""
Haru: "I kinda want to get her in a maid costume and braid her hair......"
Benio: "What's with you, O-Haru-san? ......that's a strange hobby."
Haru: "Huh? ......you don't want to do that when you see cute girls?"
Benio: "I...don't think so."
Mayuki: "I don't."
Haru: "That's weird."
Akihito: "......"
Kagome: "What's wrong? You aren't going to boast about your objectively gorgeous lover?"
Benio: "What's wrong, Akihito-kun? You're making a weird face."
Akihito: "......she's not my girlfriend."
Benio: "Eh? But......you aren't going out?"
Akihito: "No. She's my childhood friend. That's all."
Benio: "Childhood friend......"
Haru: "You never hear about those anymore."
Mayuki: "You mean the kind of heroine that's always canon but often has a mediocre route?"
Akihito: "Is that how it works?"
Mayuki: "Yes, though they're usually popular characters."
Mayuki: "They go off on an adventure, get split up at some point, and by the time they meet up years later he has to choose between her and a rich girl."
Haru: "Love or money..."
Mayuki: "In the game you pick love, but in the real world you pick money."
Haru: "That is what happens."
Benio: "I'm against that!Give me love, love, love!!"
Mayuki: "You can buy love with money, but not money with love. So that's about right......"
Mayuki: "Though you could snuggle up to an unfulfilled lonely old man and whisper "I love you" in his ear to get money off him."
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "What is it, Kagome-san?"
Akihito: "Gyawa! My finger! Ow ow ow!!!!"
Mayuki: "A useless man being dragged around and imposed on by a strong-willed tsundere girlfriend......that's a classic template if I ever saw one. These days it'd be laughed off as cliche."
Benio: "Eheheheheh."
Haru: "Is it bad to laugh at this?"
Benio: "Ah, not that......
it's just, this is a little......hmm, no, not a little, very exciting for me."
Mayuki: "......"
Haru: "......"
Akihito: "Uuuu......ow......my finger......my poor little finger......"
Kagome: "......"
Benio: "......it feels like this is all a fun dream I've been having for a few nights in a row."
Mayuki: "So you're a pure maiden. You know we almost died three times in one night, right?"
Benio: "That's true......but, it worked out......and we're not alone anymore. We're together now, right?"
Benio: "So I get the feeling whatever comes next will work out too."
Akihito: "Could you be any more carefree about this?"
Benio: "What's going to happen next? What will we have to do together next?"
Benio: "When I think about that......"
Benio: "It's kinda exciting♪"
Benio walks at the front of our group with a spring in her step.
She starts humming, holds out both arms and spins around. Her two ponytails float up in the air.
I dream about the nighttime fairy tale the singing princess told us about.
It's a story from a picture book someone read to me at my bedside a long time ago――
In a shining, hilltop castle lived a gentle king and a beautiful princess.The king's gentle kiss breaks the vile witch's curse.A knight in white steel slays the evil black dragon.
But this is reality, so there's no convenient "and then they lived happily ever after" at the end of it.
Benio: "Aaah, actually I'm feeling hungry......"
Haru: "Me too. Should we get something to eat? Like yakiniku?"
Akihito: "That sounds good."
Benio: "We're mostly girls so I dunno about that......let's think a bit more."
Mayuki: "I'd be fine with a family restaurant."
Akihito: "What about you?"
Kagome: "Are you paying?"
Akihito: "......you're the rich girl making big money on the stock market. Why are you asking me?"
Kagome: "You brought four women with you without any means of treating them to something? Your lifelong ambition to be a harem king is not looking likely."
Akihito: "I have no desire to be that!"
I quickly fiddle with my mental calculator. For some reason I take the arithmetic very seriously. Given my monthly allowance, the conclusion is quite negative. A boy's dreams are powerless against economics.
Akihito: "......oh well, let's just go wherever looks decent."
Benio: "It's small, but I like the atmosphere here. The Italian food looks real too."
Mayuki: "......looks like it."
Haru: "Do you know this area well?"
Akihito: "Yeah, I've done some jobs around here."
Kagome: "......"
Benio: "What should we do after this?"
Haru: "Go our separate ways for tonight?"
Mayuki: "About that......do any of you need to be anywhere soon?"
Akihito: "What do you have in mind?"
Mayuki: "Now that it's getting late......I was thinking this might be a good time to try a little experiment."
====================C003_055 夜の召喚実験_0531.json====================
There's a small forest in Takakura Central Park.
It's a tourist hotspot during the day, but very dark at night. Bad things happen there a lot, so after sunset no one goes there unless they want to make sure no one can see what they're doing.
Akihito: "So what are we going to do out here?"
Mayuki: "Before we get to that, I must ask......has anyone summoned the dragon since the battle on the hill?"
No one raises their hand.
Benio: "Yeah, it didn't feel like a good idea doing that alone......"
Mayuki: "I know what you mean."
Haru: "It'd be bad if another giant came out too."
Akihito: "I didn't summon it, but one thing bugged me......"
The others all give me a strange look, except for Kagome.
Mayuki: "Is it the same thing that bugged me?"
Haru: "O-Haru-san felt it too. I was in the middle of thrusting my hips on top of a man, then suddenly something spooked me, and after that I felt deflated."
Benio: "D-deflated......?"
Mayuki: "You have many erotic stories, maid."
Benio: "......but, umm......you felt that too, Akihito-kun? So that was the dragon?"
Akihito: "I think it was."
Mayuki: "For that reason, I think we should conduct a nighttime summoning experiment――"
The chibi walks forward invincibly.
Akihito: "Seeing is believing, I guess."
Benio: "Yes, Benio-san likes this idea!"
Haru: "O-Haru-san does too. I'll just run away if something bad happens."
Four agree. One remains.
Mayuki: "Umm......Hinaori-san......?"
Mayuki was completely casual to the rest of us, but against Kagome she has to look up pitifully. A snake and a frog. Bad chemistry.
Kagome: "Up to you four. I'm partially an outsider."
Benio: "Eh? But......"
Kagome: "I'm not "connected.""
Connected. Attached. Linked. Kagome doesn't share the sensation of being connected to the dragon.
Kagome: "You were all invited by Girl A and connected to the dragon. Not me. I was just there when it happened."
Kagome stands outside our group, on the other side of the boundary marking our invisible territory.
Benio: "But......if Girl A didn't call you, what were you doing on the hill, Hinaori-san?"
Akihito: "......she just followed me."
Kagome: "I'm his pretty girl guardian."
Benio: "You......protect him......?"
She tilts her head at the strange phrase.
Kagome: "There are many bad eggs out there."
Mayuki: "So that's why you picked a fight with Izawa-san. I see."
Akihito: "......don't accept it. Kagome always does things she doesn't need to do."
Haru: "Come to think of it......she hasn't shown up since then."
――Girl A.
I haven't seen the illusion of the singing princess once since then. Before I was seeing her several times a day.
She vanished, just like a real illusion.
Mayuki: "There's no point thinking about that. Let's do what we can."
Mayuki's expression grows tense, like a conductor in front of an orchestra.
Deep breathes. Slowly, the air moves in and out.
Mayuki: "Thou who dwelleth in the deepest darkness. Destructive force. Devouring tyrant."
Mayuki: "With my name, with my might, I summon thee! Pitch-black reptilian lord!"
Mayuki: "Fungurui mugurunav iya iya! Uphold the covenant, come to us from the eternal spiral staircase――! Alpha Omega!!"
Akihito: "Where the hell......did you get that spell......?"
Mayuki: "Hu! Hu! Hu! If you unravel my dark history you'll find dozens of spells just like this!!"
She shouldn't be proud of that.
Benio: "I-it's――――!!!"
Benio-san shouts like a nameless member of the crowd in a shounen manga.
Haru: "Oh, it came out."
Kagome: "Oooh."
It actually worked!!
Benio: "I-it really came......"
The swirling light we first saw that day on the hill――
Mayuki: "To be honest, that dragon will come when you tell it to no matter how you say it."
Akihito: "So he's not that dignified."
Akihito: "Oh......"
Benio: "Akihito-kun, I can see you glowing. The rest of you too."
Haru: "It's going away."
――The same phenomenon we were just talking about.
A strange light, and an odd sensation like butterflies in my stomach. I've felt this a number of times since that battle.
Akihito: "......how'd it look to you, Kagome?"
Kagome: "Nothing changed."
So only connected people can see it.
Akihito: "That's probably a sign that someone summoned the dragon."
A kind of activation signal. A sign that one of us called the dragon into our world somewhere.
Mayuki: "......but I've seen that light several times over the last three days. No one summoned it?"
Akihito: "Process of elimination. There's one guy who isn't here."
Haru: "Izawacchi."
Benio: "Should we call her? ......I mean him?"
He told us to do whatever we wanted when he left. Izawa has been doing that himself. I get a feeling he's not using the dragon for good.
Akihito: "We'll think about that later."
Mayuki: "You're right. For now――"
The pitch-black dragon floats out of the blue swirl of light.
It towers over four meters high. Black steel covers its whole body without gaps. Multiple sharp points extend from both sides.
You don't even have to look at its barbaric expression to tell this thing looks evil.
I feel the same sensation as that night.
We're loaded in――
Like loading bullets into a cylindrical steel magazine, we each activate our connections to the dragon one by one.
One, 
two, 
three, 
four――
Izawa isn't here, so the four of us connect our four wills.
Benio: "Izawa-san......isn't connected."
Akihito: "It's more like he......hasn't activated his connection?"
Mayuki: "Maybe it only works if you can see the dragon."
Haru: "Hiya!"
The dragon answers Haru's silly noise by taking on a fighting pose. The peek-a-boo boxing style.
Kagome: "That's orthodox."
Mayuki: "Then how about this?"
She puts its right hand on its head and its left hand on its stomach, then raises one leg. For some reason I feel like it's about to go "Sheeeh!"
Benio: "Uwa, that's so lame......"
Akihito: "Its design looks evil, so that pose is a bit......"
Kagome: "Can you move it, Akihito?"
Akihito: "Good question......"
Akihito: "――――Go, dragon."
I try making it walk.
Turn right. Turn left. Stop. Wave your right hand. About face. It's so huge and only walks on two legs, but it makes hardly any noise as it moves.
Akihito: "Yeah, this is working."
Kagome: "Those are boring movements. I didn't think you had an imagination, but still..."
Akihito: "............you just want to insult me at every opportunity, don't you?"
For now I try a bunch of stuff. For now the dragon follows my orders without a single complaint. It's hard to find anyone so obedient in this dry, cold world.
Benio: "Mmmmm, 
ultimate move! Triple axel!!!"
Akihito: "Wait! There's no way you can――!"
Before I can stop her, Benio makes the dragon jump, with the hope of spinning around three times in midair――――
Benio: "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Seeing a four meter tall creature with horns and a tail tripping and falling headfirst into the forest is quite the spectacle.
Trees are blown away. Boulders break. It hits a street light and breaks it in half. And of course, the sound was amazing.
Young Man: "......wh-what the hell was that!?"
Middle-Aged Man: "Eh? ......did someone crash their car?"
Old Man: "......did you hear something in the forest?"
Haru: "Oh boy..."
Benio: "Ha, hawa......not gooooood!"
Kagome: "What do we do?"
Akihito: "Do you even have to ask......?"
A long time ago, someone in this situation once said――
Akihito: "Last one outta the park is a rotten egg!"
A single order makes the swirling light appear under the dragon's feet. Its enormous body sinks into it, still sideways.
And then――
We run away, as fast as our legs can carry us.
Akihito: "Aaah, that sucked......"
Haru: "I really shouldn't be running. Aren't I too old for this......?"
Benio: "Sorry......"
Mayuki: "Does it matter? No one found us."
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "Anyway, it's late tonight, so maybe we should head home now. Let's meet up again in three days, and investigate whatever we can until then. Okay?"
Benio: "'Kaaay."
Haru: "Got it."
Mayuki: "......I might be late on that day."
Akihito: "Okay, text us if that happens. Anyway, Mayu-Mayu, can you stay out this late? Should one of us walk you home?"
Kagome: "You want to get her alone?"
Mayuki: "......lolicon."
Akihito: "N-no......!"
Mayuki: "My family's fine, and I'm going to use a taxi, so don't worry."
Akihito: "You okay too, Benio-san? Not worried about walking alone at night?"
Haru: "You're not worried about O-Haru-san?"
Akihito: "Well, you seem pretty tough......"
Benio: "Don't worry, I'll be fine."
Mayuki: "If push comes to shove we can always summon it."
Akihito: "Umm, that'd be kinda bad."
Girls rampaging around town with a four meter dragon.
Benio: "Go, black dragon!"
Black Dragon: "Roooar!!"
It's so surreal, I feel dizzy.
Mayuki: "Any pervert would run away at the sight of it, and we can get rid of it immediately so there won't be any evidence."
Benio: "That's true. You're smart, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "......I'm not Mayu-Mayu, I'm Mayuki."
The jumbotron over our heads shows the late night news. Follow-up reports on the explosions create anxiety. Unverifiable rumors run rampant through the net as well.
Akihito: "......you can't be too careful. We never know when another of those giants might appear."
Benio: "Yeah, thank you. You're so nice, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "I'm just a feminist."
Benio: "Ah, that's right. Everyone, there's something I'd like to say."
Mayuki: "What is it this time?"
Haru: "Did something happen?"
Kagome: "......"
Benio: "――――What should we do about all this?"
Akihito: "......what do you mean?"
Akihito: "As in......what should we do with that dragon?"
Benio: "Yeah, yeah."
Kagome: "......"
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't have anything in mind. I'm too lazy."
Mayuki: "I'm not sure what to say either."
Benio: "I see......"
Akihito: "What about you?"
Benio: "Me? 
Eheheheh."
Benio bends forward a little, embarrassed, but with a nice smile.
Benio: "I......thought of something, and made my decision."
That was a declaration. A declaration of war.
She takes a deep breath, and enunciates each word clearly.
Benio: "I want to fight for justice."
That's what Benio says.
====================C003_060 高遠奈々世01_0531.json====================
The Takakura Suspension Bridge.
An arch rising above the street lights and connecting the two banks of the Naruko River.
At one end, a pair of silhouettes stand under one of those lights.
A man and a woman. They're not intimate enough to be lovers, but they don't look like siblings.
Woman: "What happened to "him?""
Man: "No problems. We've located him, and I've got two men on him right now."
The man is tall, but thin, giving him long arms. He looks like a scarecrow.
Man: ""He" stands out far too much."
His fluent Japanese has a peculiar accent. Not many can tell that it's remnants of the Queen's English.
Man: "It's wonderful. He's an admirable human being. I respect everyone who has something I don't."
Woman: "Any chance he's noticed us?"
The woman's long ponytail flows softly in the breeze.
An elegant woman, but with no fashion sense.
Man: "He might have. He might not have."
The man states the obvious.
Man: "It doesn't matter either way. It wouldn't change anything. That's why we're here, isn't it?"
Woman: "That's true......"
She replies with a bitter smile. The man is hard to read, but she doesn't dislike him.
Man: "If there is a problem, it's going to come from somewhere else."
Headlights pass along the public road in front of them. This is a key intersection, so there's still some traffic even in the middle of the night.
Only after the bright light fades from their eyes does the woman open her mouth again.
Woman: "――The dragon's connectors."
She plays with the end of her ponytail. A meaningless habit.
Man: "Actually, I snuck into that place on the hill."
Woman: "You never change, David. So what did you find?"
Man: "I couldn't tell for sure whether that carnage was caused by the "black dragon", but――"
Woman: "......according to him, the odds are 80% that it was."
Man: "I have to agree with him."
Woman: "What did you think of the place?"
Man: "Amazing. Truly amazing. I can see why he's expecting so much. We definitely need that."
Man: "......that's what he thinks, and so do I."
Man: "But you disagree, don't you Nanase?"
A few seconds of silence. The man waits, as he always does.
Woman: "I can't agree with the way the prince does things."
The woman chooses her words carefully, as she always does.
Man: "Yes, that is a shame. I don't like it either. I agree with his opinions, but it truly is a shame. Because――"
Man: "I'm a big fan of yours. You know that, right?"
Woman: "Yes. You never stop telling me about that."
Man: "Life is a series of compromises, but we can't simply say that to justify everything. We're always being reminded of that. It's a sad and painful state of affairs."
The man shrugs his shoulders. That's also something he always does.
Woman: "――Don't worry, I believe."
Man: "In God?"
Woman: "In people. In reason. That there's good in the world."
Man: "You're such a romantic. You believe in people just as I believe in you and God."
Man: "There was one thing I wanted to ask. Is it true that Japan has a lot of atheists?"
Woman: "I'm not sure. I pray, at least."
Man: "So what should we do? Fulfill our duty and give them our blessing right away?"
Woman: "That is my intent."
Man: "All right, Nanase. I shall do as you command, Sir Percival."
Woman: "......I don't like being called that. It's presumptuous."
That's also something they always do. The woman chooses her words as the man chuckles happily.
Man: "What a shame. That really is a shame."
Woman: "Now then, silence to our brethren, and peace to the kingdom.――May she protect us all."
====================C003_070 竹河紅緒01_0531.json====================
The night is silent.
The bus route going up from Takakura Station takes fifteen minutes for a round trip. As you get outside the city center, the darkness of night rapidly increases.
An elegant cityscape slowly falls asleep as it sinks into the night. A gentle breeze rustles the trees along the sidewalks, and there's no sign of any beasts howling at the moon.
Underneath an arch of cherry blossom trees whose flowers have all fallen off are the sounds of sneakers on a stone patch, and her favorite J-pop coming out of her headphones.
Takekawa Benio's apartment is on top of a hill. The walk from the nearest bus stop up to her quiet, high-class residential area takes about ten minutes.
Benio: "Where could I have left my pass other than on that hill? And right after I got a new one......"
She uses a monthly bus pass to Takakura Station to get to school. She's frustrated because over half a month was left on hers.
Benio's been holed up in her room for the past three days.
She told her school she was sick, so she didn't realize she'd lost it until today.
Benio: "......"
She ends up sighing.
She's still sulking a little. Losing her bus pass isn't the only reason she's down.
Benio: "Muuuu..."
Benio's bad at doing nothing. She gets twitchy when she has to stay still. She acts before thinking. That sometimes gets her burned.
Benio: "I do want......to fight for justice."
Fight for justice.
When she says that, eight out of ten people laugh at her. They laugh in a variety of ways, but they still laugh.
The other two out of ten usually pity her and say something kind but patronizing.
Justice isn't popular anymore. Kouchin would probably say that and shrug, like an adult.
Benio: "――"
She thinks back on it.
Akihito didn't laugh, but that's all. Mayuki and Haru's reactions were lukewarm at best. As for Kagome, she didn't move a muscle.
Benio: "Aaah, it's so late. I forgot to set it to record..."
She rolls up her left sleeve. On her wrist is an antique bangle watch.
The hands of time emotionlessly tell her that her favorite show has already started. A rerun of a period drama.
Benio likes period dramas. People tell her that's an old man thing, but she can't help liking them.
The hero uses his finishing moves to bring down the bad guy. One succeeds, the other fails. Simple and unambiguous. That's why she likes them.
The stories are all pretty much the same, but she never gets sick of tuning in. She's a little sad that they're in decline nowadays.
She doesn't like stories about killers, whether they're period pieces or not. Plenty of good and just people get killed or have their lives ruined, and only then do the protagonists get involved.
That's not fighting for justice. Defeating those villains won't make everyone happy.
As she walks up the hill, she slows down, and eventually stops.
Benio looks up at the night sky, through the bare tree branches, searching for the spring stars.
Benio: "But......I've made my decision......"
The black dragon is innocent. It does what it's told. It can be good or evil.
Justice. Righteousness. Words that people laugh at nowadays.
――It's hard to be just.
For instance, rules and laws. It's right and just to protect those rules, but they don't necessarily make people happy.
Benio: "Aaah, Benio shouldn't be worrying this much!"
She strikes a pose to psyche herself up. She walks at normal speed again.
Staying still just isn't what she does.That's why――
Benio: "I have to start doing what I can――――
!?"
She feels eyes on her, like a cold hand running down her back.
Benio: "――――"
The street lights flicker on the tree-lined path. It's a quiet neighborhood, but well-lit. There isn't much space for darkness.
Benio's the only one here. There's no one else.
But――――
Benio: "――――"
Benio's always had good instincts.
When she was little, her mother told her that the Takekawa family had a long history, and in the past they were guards stationed next to a river delta.
Every so often, she has the silly idea that her instincts might be part of her heritage.
Benio: "Hyooo!?"
The noise surprises her, making her heart pound. Her cell phone just got a call from Kouchin.
Benio: "......what?"
Kouchin: "What's wrong with you? On your period?"
Benio: "Idiot."
Benio: "......I was just heading home. Yeah, I stayed out late today. But something felt weird just now......
I'm fine, it's no big deal. So what's up?"
Kouchin: "It's about Saho actually――"
Benio's room is on the seventh floor. Two bedrooms, a dining room and a kitchen. More space than any student needs for living alone.
After her parents got divorced, Benio decided she wanted to start living on her own, and this is the place her mother got her.
Her mother covers all her rent and living expenses. She might also be paying alimony.
They used to be a fairly wealthy family. Both of her parents were full-fledged members of their respective workplaces. She doesn't remember them ever having financial trouble.
She's aware that she's very fortunate.
She reaches for the door to her apartment...
Benio: "――――!?"
She pulls the key out and freezes.
――Someone's watching her.
She can feel it.
She's the only one in this hallway. There isn't even a cat. 
You need an ID to get into the lobby, and the building has a security system. It wouldn't be easy for someone to get in there.
Or so it seems.
Akihito: （We never know when another of those giants might appear――）
She recalls Akihito's words. That can't be it, but...
She looks around one more time. No one's there. No one could be there.
And yet...
She's always had good instincts.
Mayuki: （If push comes to shove, we can always summon it――）
She still feels connected to it. The pitch-black dragon will appear if she calls it.
Benio: "It's fine, I can do it too, I'll be fine......"
She's not powerless. She can fight too, just like Akihito and the others did on that hill.
――She calms down.
Benio: "............"
She holds her breath and takes soft, quiet steps.
Slowly, she opens the door...
and steps into her room.
The room she lives in. The lights are off, but she knows where everything is.
She heads further inside.
Further inside.
――Someone's watching her.
From where?
　　　　　　　　　　　From where?
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　From where?
She looks all around.
The curtain. Behind it is a veranda.
She gulps. That sound is far too audible in the large dark room.
She slowly walks toward the window.
She grabs the curtain, hesitates for a moment, and then――
She pulls it all the way open.
On the veranda, behind a single pane of glass――
Something resembling a huge crimson beast is looking at Benio.
====================C003_075 ディンダロスの猟犬01_0531.json====================
Kagome stands in the kitchen. The smell of tomato sauce, taka no tsume peppers, and cayenne drifts through the room.
We just got back from our first meeting. We ate dinner with the others, but we won't be going to sleep soon, so she's making a late-night meal for us.
Kagome: "Eat."
She puts two plates curtly on the table. It's spaghetti alle vongole in rosso, meaning with clams and tomatoes.
Kagome can do pretty much anything, including cooking. Her skill is on par with a five-star hotel chef.
Akihito: "Thank you very much."
I put my hands together, then eat.
Akihito: "That was delicious."
Kagome: "You're a little kid who can't do anything but eat and sleep every day, Akihito. You need to learn to devote yourself to constructive activities once in a while."
Kagome's like this every day. She cooks all my meals, then poisons them with insults.
But I'm still very grateful.
I'm in charge of laundry.
Kagome comes back from the kitchen, lies on the sofa, and flicks through channels. She has more control over this room than I do.
Akihito: "I'm not sure how to say this......"
Kagome: "What?"
I check the size of the lethal weapons hidden behind one of my white shirts.
Akihito: "......considering how much you eat, including late night meals and junk food, the fact that you never gain weight is more mystical than the dragon."
Kagome eats like a pig, on par with morbidly obese men. Plus she loves junk food and cheesecake.
It's like she's devoting her life to gaining weight, but despite never going on a diet or working out, she remains equipped with those balloons.
Kagome: "That's because I'm dieting."
She tosses her usual diet supplement into her mouth.
Akihito: "That pill is a diet all on its own? ......99% of the world's dieters probably want to kill you now."
It just doesn't add up. Whatever the witch is made of, it's not of this world.
Kagome: "Back to the dragon. Since you were there, tell me what you think."
Akihito: "......weren't you there too?"
Kagome: "Spout any more baseless nonsense and I'll rip your tongue out."
Akihito: "Just for that!?"
Kagome: "I don't count."
Kagome: "If you have time to shove your responsibility onto your elegant pretty girl guardian who happened to be in the vicinity, try using that tiny brain of yours first."
The adjective "elegant" doesn't fit her at all.
Akihito: "First......we're always connected to the dragon, and when someone summons it, our connections switch on――We're "loaded" in."
Kagome: "Loaded..."
Akihito: "Once that happens, we can move it around."
Akihito: "As far as I can tell, it's impossible to load or unload myself, and I can't cut the connection either."
Kagome: "So once it's summoned, you get loaded in automatically?"
Akihito: "Only four of us were loaded back in the park......everyone but Izawa. So there's probably some extra conditions for that."
Kagome: "Either there's a maximum distance, or he has to be seeing the dragon......something like that."
Akihito: "That's what I was thinking."
I recall how it felt being connected to and controlling the dragon.
Akihito: "But the dragon felt a lot heavier compared to when we fought on the hill."
Kagome: "Heavier?"
Akihito: "......like it wasn't processing stuff as fast. It was reacting slower to our commands."
Kagome: "Because it was missing someone?"
There are supposed to be five wills loaded into it. Those are the bullets, the gears needed to complete the dragon.
Each of us hold a part of the dragon. If some of us are missing, the others have to make up for it. Naturally, that lowers its performance.
Akihito: "But it looks like Izawa summoned it several times himself. That means――"
Akihito: "The dragon will come whenever one of us calls, even if we're alone. And we can use it by ourselves."
Akihito: "And we all know when someone does that. We saw each other glowing."
An activation signal. A luminescent phenomenon only visible to those connected to the dragon. I've seen it multiple times over the last three days.
Kagome: "Does that light tell you where the dragon is?"
Akihito: "I don't know. All I get is a vague image of how far away it is."
Kagome: "It can't be detected by any sensors. It can appear wherever and whenever you want. It seems to have at least as much power as a main battle tank. That monster is perfect for terrorism."
Kagome: "But that aside, there are two important questions."
She holds up two fingers, then lowers one.
Kagome: "First, what will you do with it?"
Akihito: "......what will I do?"
Kagome: "The value or morality of a tool depends entirely on its use. A single application can condemn or vindicate it entirely."
Izawa said he'd do whatever he wanted.Benio said she'd fight for justice.
The dragon is simply there. It knows nothing about how it's being used.
Kagome: "Second――"
Kagome: "Will any other monsters show up, like that giant?"
Akihito: "......you think another one might come after us?"
That giant targeted us on the hill. It must have had some reason for attacking. There's no way to know if other monsters might attack us for the same reason.
There is a possibility that a second or a third enemy might appear――――
Kagome: "Possibilities are nothing more than――"
Newscaster: "――The resident, Takekawa Benio-san suffered minor injuries as a result of the accident, and is currently in the hospital."
I hear a familiar name, and our conversation stops. The TV's showing a late-night news program. It switches from the newscaster to an image of the apartment building.
Reporter: "――The accident took place here, at an apartment building in the Asaka Ward of Takakura City."
Reporter: "At around 9 PM, both the ceiling and floor of a 7th-floor apartment suddenly collapsed."
Reporter: "Even from here, you can clearly see that the veranda outside the room was completely destroyed."
Reporter: "According to police, the interior has also collapsed so no one is allowed inside yet."
Reporter: "We don't know the details as of yet, but an investigation is under way to determine whether or not this building meets all the safety regulations."
Reporter: "At the time of the accident the room's resident, Takekawa Benio-san was inside, but fortunately she sustained only minor injuries and is currently recovering in the hospital. The rooms above and below were empty, so there were no other casualties――"
Takekawa Benio――
I was with her only a couple of hours ago. Something cold runs through my heart.
====================C003_078 チャットルーム03_0416.json====================
――――Yukiko-san has joined the chat.
Yukiko：Hey there
Madoka：Hi
dance：Hi-hi, thanks for coming
Yukiko：Huh? Is 777-san still gone?
dance：I haven't seen dm-san for a few days either.
Madoka：They must be busy
Yukiko：What did dm-san do irl again?
Madoka：Salaryman. Software company.
Yukiko：They're probably making him work overtime before a release or something
dance：Yukiko-san, weren't you a student?
Yukiko：That's right~ Still working hard at it
Yukiko：Speaking of which, there wasn't a third one. To be honest I was kind of hoping there would be.
Madoka：You mean an explosion?
Yukiko：Yeah, that.
dance：They do keep saying they were probably accidents
Madoka：A bunch of people claimed responsibility though
dance：Aren't they all just twisting it to suit their own causes?
dance：Bombing an abandoned building out of town to express anger at the government? ......no one does that, lol
Yukiko：Actually, they caught one guy lying
Yukiko：Some tween boy got arrested for posting bomb threats on an image board
Yukiko：......maybe the cops know something they aren't telling us?
Madoka：Conspiracy theories.
dance：Yukiko-san loves stuff with secret plots and organizations
Yukiko：Eeeh? But aren't they possible?
Yukiko：There was that one American president......I forgot his name, but it was obviously a cover up.
Madoka：MMR......no, JFK?
dance：So what about 777-san?
dance：After all those group deaths, not seeing him for a while is kinda......you know.
Yukiko：Don't say that! lol
Madoka：Group deaths?
dance：777-san's kinda cold but he's a good person
Yukiko：dm-san says some funny things too
dance：Yeah, he does, lol
Yukiko：It's just not as fun without everyone here
dance：Yeah
Yukiko：I know, why don't we meet up offline when they come back? We still haven't done that
Madoka：Offline?
dance：Sounds good. It's almost summer too.
Yukiko：That's right, summer. I'm gonna have fun this year! Aaaaah, I can't wait...
====================C003_079 ディンダロスの猟犬02_0531.json====================
Takekawa Benio runs.
She breathes heavily, and runs without looking back.The lights in the air-conditioned hallway lost power a while ago.Only the flickering emergency lights show her where to go.
It's well past midnight, and dawn is approaching.The sleeping hospital is as quiet as an abandoned building.Benio's footsteps and breathing are the only things disrupting that silence.
Up the stairs.She runs.She runs.She runs.
A few hours ago, in Takekawa Benio's room...
The first thing she saw was a scarlet glint in its eye――――
Benio flung the curtain open. It was crouching on the veranda less than a meter away, behind a single pane of glass.
A sharp body far larger than a wolf or a tiger.It was over two meters tall. No, closer to three.A red beast, colored like the burning scarlet of fresh blood.
It was so close that Benio couldn't move or think, like a zebra staring at a lion.
Benio's face was reflected in its single vividly shining eye. It looked like a four-legged carnivore. It was much smaller than the giant or the dragon, but it definitely wasn't fragile.
If the giant was an axe, this was a sword.
But this was still the same kind of creature as the giant, just as tigers and leopards are both carnivores.
An illusion covered in steel.
She needed to call the dragon.
Her will dissolved from the shock, but a primal impulse ordered her.
Her survival instincts. They fought against death, against her terror, making her call the nameless black dragon――
―――At that moment...
Everything in her vision tilted.Trees, concrete, steel, everything all at once.
Her TV, her pots, the desk she liked, her stuffed animals, her fridge, the top half of her alarm clock――
The cuts ran down through the room and into the floor.
That floor――
It fell. It fell. It fell.Everything in the world slid down into the abyss.The walls, the floor, the support pillars, the furniture, all of it.
Her desk was cut in half, then into fourths before it hit the ground. The floor and the carpet were both torn into eight pieces. The ceiling split into fifteen chunks as it fell, making it impossible to tell what was what anymore.
Benio: "――――――!!!"
There was no time for her to scream.As she shook off her fear, her body moved on its own.Something besides thought helped her cling to life.
Takekawa Benio ran. She breathed heavily, and just ran without looking back, toward the front door.
Her entire room fell to pieces beneath her feet―――
Just as she rushed out the door, Benio's entire room collapsed behind her.
――What is that?
――What is that?
――What is that?
It was definitely the same type of creature as the one they saw on the hill. Why was it here? Why had it come for Benio?
She had no idea what was going on. She didn't relax for a second, since the scarlet monster could be right behind her.
She would have called the dragon immediately had people not started gathering.
One of her neighbors had called the police, who arrived shortly thereafter. Benio was taken to a university hospital in an ambulance.
―――The scarlet beast didn't pursue her.
The police questioned her, and the doctors examined her.
Both her parents called her, so she had to talk to them. Kouchin and Saho also texted her after seeing the news report and freaking out.
Once everyone had calmed down, the doctors told her to stay overnight.On the way back to her hospital room, she received another call.
From Akihito.
Benio: "............ah, I should've called you sooner."
In all the commotion, she'd completely forgotten about them.
Benio: "Hello, this is Benio-san."
Akihito: "You're alive!!?"
Benio: "Uoo......"
Benio: "That's too loud. My ears hurt. My brain too."
Akihito: "......you sound fine."
Benio: "Yeah, I'm good, perfectly fine. You saw the news, right? Benio-san's totally okay. I barely got hurt at all."
Benio: "I'm in the hospital right now, using the phone in the lobby. The police were talking to me earlier......what? Were you worried?"
Akihito: "......well, a little......"
Benio: "I'm happy to hear that. Heheh, it's like we're friends, worrying about each other."
Akihito: "Friends......"
Benio: "Huh? Do you not like that idea?"
Akihito: "I've got nothing against it."
Benio: "That's right! I almost forgot――"
Benio: "......I saw one."
Benio: "A monster. It attacked me. It wasn't like the one on the hill. It was more......animal-like, and red, with four legs――"
Benio: "I......don't know what it did, but my room suddenly fell apart, and I ran......"
Akihito: "......what'd it do after that?"
Benio: "I don't know. I haven't seen it since......"
Benio: "Haa, huu......"
Benio: "......but I dunno what to do now. My room is a pancake now. Aaah, maybe I'll have to stay with Kouchin for a while."
Akihito: "......listen closely to what I'm about to say."
Benio: "What is it now?"
Akihito: "Get all your stuff together now so you can run away. If you want to live, do as I say."
And now...
―――That's why Benio's running.
She followed Akihito's instructions, and waited until the hospital was quiet.
She didn't have much on her, so it took no time at all to pack.Just some valuables and a music player she had in her pocket.Everything else was lost in the rubble.
Benio: "He didn't have to threaten me so much!"
If you don't want to die...
If you value your life...
Do as I say.
She's never heard those threats outside of television dramas and novels.She never thought anyone would say that to her.
But tonight, she can't just laugh it off.
That burning eye. Her room being shredded.That huge, metallic, red silhouette on her veranda―――
Because she saw that thing...
Benio: "I'm gonna! Give him! A piece of my mind! When this is over!"
She rushes up the stairs, turning on the landing.
Another call――Her heart almost stops.
She may act tough, but she's scared.Just remembering the scarlet beast makes her legs shake.
Benio: "Akihito-kun!? I'm on the top floor, almost to the roof! You sure I should go outside!?"
Kagome: "Shut up. You don't have to shout."
Benio: "――! Nyoo..."
It's Kagome, not Akihito.She speaks to Benio like a human steps on a cockroach.
Kagome: "Be on the roof at 3 AM. We'll be there within three minutes."
Benio: "W-wait, Hinaori-san!? How are you going to get here!? And why the ro――"
Kagome hangs up on her. She doesn't care about Benio's concerns.
Benio: "Wh-what the hell was that for!? Just because Benio-san's gentle, she thinks she can......that is so annoying!!"
She checks the time on her bangle watch. 2:56 AM.
Four hours earlier, in Akihito's room...
Kagome: "It's a trap. This is the 21st century and they're still using such retro bait. That scenario writer is a failure."
I'd just called Benio at the hospital to make sure she's okay. That's what Kagome said after I told her what Benio told me.
Akihito: "Two things――"
Akihito: "First, a scenario writer isn't someone who sets traps (I think). Second, 99% of the world's writers hate you now."
Kagome: "Ha! Incompetent fools."
She simply laughed. The witch doesn't fear making the world her enemy.
Akihito: "Anyway, Benio was attacked by a scarlet beast......what do you think that means?"
Kagome: "Asking others what you already know proves you lack something important."
Akihito: "......"
This woman lacks important human traits. Many of them.
Kagome: "That means you're an idiot, Akihito."
Akihito: "You don't have to explain that part!"
Kagome: "Now then――"
Once she had her fill of spitting poison at me, she got back on topic. Such a selfish witch.
Akihito: "......an enemy of the dragon. It's probably the same kind of being."
The scarlet beast that attacked Benio.
The giant that appeared on the hill.
The invisible monster that fought Yoruko.
――And the black dragon.
It would make a lot of sense if they were all different categories of the same thing.
Illusions of steel that move when human wills are loaded into them――
Kagome: "Do you understand what you're saying, Akihito? That means――"
Kagome: "There are others out there controlling those things, just as you five control the black dragon."
Akihito: "......there must've been people on that hill too."
It's hard for us to control the dragon when we can't see it. Considering how fast the giant on the hill reacted, whoever was controlling it must have been able to see the fight.
Akihito: "......probably on the roof of the building next to ours."
Kagome: "I see. That's a possibility."
Kagome: "We don't know if the scarlet beast that attacked Takekawa's room is in league with them, but clearly they know who that flat-chest is."
Akihito: "......texts from Mayuki and O-Haru-san. They're both fine."
Text: Haru: "I saw the news. Nothing happened to me. Such a busy night."
Haru didn't seem to realize the gravity of the situation. She's just like that.
Text: Mayuki: "Nothing's happened to me yet. Could the attacker be connected to what happened on that hill?"
Mayuki seemed both unsettled and excited.
Both texts said "Is Benio okay?" at the end.
I sent the reply: "She's fine."
I had no way of contacting Izawa Shuu. I should've forced him to tell me his number.
Akihito: "How would they know who Benio is? ......never mind, we can figure that out later."
Kagome called Benio a trap. Bait for the rest of us.
If the scarlet beast had really wanted to kill Benio, she wouldn't have gotten away as easily as she did.
This was probably a trick to lure out the others connected to the dragon. They let Benio live on purpose.
If we blindly went to visit her, they'd learn who we all were.
Akihito: "......even assuming Benio is bait, there's two things I don't understand."
Akihito: "Why would they attack us?"
Kagome: "I don't know. Maybe they're getting rid of potential enemies early, or maybe there's some benefit to defeating the dragon itself. We'd have to ask them directly."
People were trying to kill us all at that very moment, but we had no idea why. Not many situations feel worse than this.
Kagome: "What was your other question?"
Kagome reclined on the sofa, annoyed. I felt strangely relieved by the fact that Kagome remained haughty no matter how pressing the situation was.
Akihito: "Why do you seem so upset by all this?"
Kagome: "......Akihito, you're in no position to ask questions I'm not expecting. I hate that. I feel violated."
Akihito: "You're the one mentally violating me every day!"
That's all it takes to piss you off!?
Kagome: "So what is it? Say it. You ask questions I can't predict less than once a year, you know."
Akihito: "............I mean, with that giant and this scarlet beast――"
Akihito: "If we made a single mistake, we'd all be dead. No, even if we'd performed flawlessly the odds were still against us. We don't stand a chance against these people."
Kagome: "That's what you have to say?"
Kagome: "Hurting other people doesn't cause me pain. It's easy to kill people without resolve or malice."
Kagome: "Especially when you obtain a great power."
It's easy to take a life.
Everything someone did in the time they were alive, and everything they could possibly have done in the future.
Taking all of that away from someone requires only the tiniest hint of ill will toward them.
―――I remember that red color.
A rusty smell, a scarlet tinge spreading across the concrete.The warmth of life flowing through my fingers like sand.A nauseating weight in my arms.
He never realized the price of his actions, and he never imagined the weight of the result.
Kagome didn't have to tell me that. I knew it far too well.
The steel illusions have tremendous power. It'd be strange if no one went crazy after obtaining it.
Akihito: "This is getting so stupid."
Kagome: "Sick of your lukewarm life yet, Akihito?"
The witch mocked me with a crescent moon smile.
Kagome: "Has a second ever passed in this sentimental world where stupid things haven't happened?"
Akihito: "True."
I took a deep breath. A small fire burned in my rusty heart.
Whoever we're up against, they don't care about us. I don't know for sure if they want to kill us, but they definitely don't care if we live or die.
So...
There never was a choice. What I need is the strength to pull the trigger.An unwavering will like a hard, sharp knife.
A gentle world. This kingdom that's far too gentle to stop unreasonable things from happening.
But so what?―――
That's the only spell I have to chant.Death. Defeat. Annihilation. Resignation.I can't let myself allow any of that.
Akihito: "......do you think it's watching Benio right now?"
Kagome: "If it's after the dragon, probably."
Akihito: "――Which means we don't have many options."
Kagome: "We'll kill the enemy. Even if it's not an enemy, it's in our way so we'll kill it. Either way, Akihito will kill."
Akihito: "This has nothing to do with me!"
Kagome: "That part was a joke."
So the rest of it......?
Akihito: "Anyway, Kagome-san, asking all us normal people to live a crazy harsh life like you just isn't going to work."
Kagome: "Ha! Cannon fodder."
The witch seemed happy as long as she could insult me.
Kagome: "By the way, Akihito, do you feel like saving the flat-chest?"
Akihito: "......not after all of this. Would you feel right abandoning her?"
I understood that it'd be easier to cut her loose, but being a villain takes talent.
It's easier to be alone. Helping others with their problems always causes more trouble. But...
Kagome: "Give it up. That's a warning."
Her sweet breath tickled my earlobe as she pressed against my back.The inappropriate softness almost made me forget the situation.
Kagome: "This is serious trouble. Worse than any you've ever seen. Even an idiot like you can tell that. Helping her out tonight isn't going to end all this."
Kagome: "You'll have to carry this burden on top of everything else."
Akihito: "......if they're after all of us, I can't write this off as someone else's problem."
Kagome: "Is that really it?"
I did have a reason.
It was a really stupid reason, but it was a reason.
Akihito: "I hate unfortunate women."
Women who've fallen down and continue to plummet.Women who might have something taken from them.Women who're petrified and can't move forward any more.
Just thinking about a woman whose face and name I know being in that situation irritated me.
That was why.
I chose to dive into the biggest trouble I've ever seen just for that reason?
I knew I was doing something stupid.
In this gentle kingdom there are no allies of justice like Benio wants, or heroes like Mayuki talks about.
It was a given that I wouldn't be able to accomplish anything.
But so what?
Kagome: "Akihito, you really are――"
The witch couldn't have been any more expressionless.
Kagome: "An idiot that no medicine can cure."
Akihito: "You're very clear about that."
Kagome: "So what will you do? There are a lot of options. Draw and quarter them. Tear them apart. Run them over. I can do whichever you want, Akihito."
Even when she was being cooperative, Kagome lacked basic human morals.
Akihito: "......I'd like something more peaceful, with less dismembering."
Kagome: "You're a demanding idiot too."
Kagome lay on the sofa as if this was all boring.
And now...
Standing on a high roof in spring just before dawn chills us to the bone. From the top of this old apartment building, we look across the roofs of the various wings of the university hospital.
Haru: "Looks like we'll be making trouble tonight too. O-Haru-san isn't really the type to draw attention all the time."
Akihito: "You think walking around town in that getup doesn't make you stand out?"
For some reason Kasukabe Haru is yet again wearing a maid outfit.The megaboob maid must not be underestimated.
Mayuki: "Does it matter? We just got a special dragon item. It'd be a waste if we didn't use it for something."
Fifteen minutes before 3 AM.
Haru and Mayuki came right on time even on short notice. We wander back and forth between the edge and the middle of the roof.
Mayuki: "So Izawa-san still won't be joining us?"
Akihito: "I have no way of calling him."
Mayuki: "This is why uncooperative characters are a problem. I wish he'd level up his basic social skills."
Haru: "Such a bothersome wolf. Do you think he might come around if I licked him? ......maybe?"
Lick what exactly?I choose not to think about that.
Akihito: "Anyway, as I explained before――"
Another monster is targeting Benio. Whoever's controlling it is after us, the group connected to the black dragon. They're probably watching Benio right now, since she's the bait.
Akihito: "So we need to "retrieve" Benio from the hospital."
Get her in our custody and shake off her assailants.
Mayuki: "Hmm, people working together to save a damsel in distress......it's kinda mushy, but this is pretty exciting."
Akihito: "Mayu-chan, this is real life."
Mayuki: "I am fully aware of that.Also, I understand "retrieving" her, but have you thought about what we do after that, Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "......yeah, somewhat."
Reality isn't like a drama. Just saving her won't be the end of it. The harder things are, the longer it drags out.
Haru: "Can O-Haru-san ask a question too?"
Haru: "Do you think Benio-chan will settle for being saved?"
She makes a troubling point. The megaboob maid can also be poisonous sometimes.
Akihito: "―――Depends on who we're up against."
Haru: "I see. O-Haru-san's fine with whatever you decide, Akihito."
Tonight's plan is full of holes.
If our enemies are serious, there's plenty they can do even after we "retrieve" Benio.
For example――If they take her parents hostage and order us to show ourselves, would Benio be cold-blooded enough to stay hidden?
Even God would be hard-pressed to protect someone properly.
There's nothing as powerless and worthless in stories as an ally of justice that isn't being protected.
Akihito: "......hopefully they'll have some morals."
Probably a vain hope.
Kagome: "Are you ready, riffraff?"
Kagome planned out the details for us. I was worried what the witch might come up with, but in situations like this, Kagome's as reliable as the devil.
Akihito: "We're all set......how did you know this building would be the perfect spot, anyway?"
Kagome: "Sniping positions are easy to identify on a map."
Akihito: "..................that's really not a phrase people use in their daily lives, you know."
I stop there since she might kill me otherwise.
Akihito: "Okay, time to get the dragon......"
Haru: "Okaaay, O-Haru-san would like to summon it this time."
The maid raises her hand.
Akihito: "I guess that's fine......does it matter who calls it?"
Haru: "Probably not, but I wanna try it at least once. Isn't it cool when it comes out?"
Mayuki: "I know what you mean, it really sets your heart on fire."
Mayuki folds her arms and nods dramatically.
Akihito: "All right. Maid, give it a shot."
Haru: "I can do two or three shots if you want."
Akihito: "......I didn't mean anything perverse."
Haru: "So, Mayu-Mayu, what do I do exactly?"
Mayuki: "I told you, it's Mayuki. But that aside――――
I thought this might happen, so!"
Mayuki: "I wrote down some spells!! Here you go."
Haru: "Thanks."
According to Mayuki, this is version 2.0 of her spell. I glance at the paper, but I can't spot the differences.
Geez. I guess she really is an otaku girl if she cares about trivial, meaningless stuff like that.
Haru takes the note and quickly strikes a pose. The maid mage chants her grand spell.
Haru: "Thou who dwelleth in the deepest darkness. Destructive force. Devouring tyrant."
Haru: "With my name, with my might, I summon thee! Pitch-black reptilian lord!"
Haru: "Fungurui mugurunav iya iya! Uphold the covenant, come to us from the eternal spiral staircase――! Black dragon summoning spell!!"
Mayuki: "For that last line you're supposed to read the furigana that say "Alpha Omega!" Say it with enough vigor to break the world in half."
Haru: "What does that sound like?"
In spite of those minor problems, the swirling blue light appears and I see the usual glow that indicates someone else is summoning it. The enormous pitch-black dragon comes out from the abyss at the edge of the world.
Kagome: "This dragon has no standards."
Indeed.
Akihito: "We've been over the plan. All that's left is――"
Kagome: "Someone has to go down there in person."
Akihito: "......you sure we can do this?"
Kagome: "Can you control the dragon if you can't see it?"
Haru: "Good question......I think I could, but it'd be tough."
Just to be safe, it's probably best to send one person down with the dragon to get Benio.
Akihito: "......so who goes?"
Kagome: "You have to ask?"
I look away from the witch folding her arms arrogantly.
I knew from the beginning that there was no real choice here. I make eye contact with the other two, hoping for an alternative.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, don't worry, I don't think you're the type of cold-blooded man who'd force weak lolis into terrible situations."
Akihito: "Don't use loliness as a weapon at times like these."
Haru: "You said you're a feminist, so I'm not worried."
That's not fair!
Kagome: "Get going. You're wasting time."
Akihito: "Stupid witch......"
Haru: "I'll give you a reward if you make it back in one piece."
Akihito: "............"
Boing. Boing. Haru's superweapons are over-ripe.
Mayuki: "Your eyes are super-perverts."
Kagome: "Such a lewd man."
Akihito: "I-I didn't say anything!"
With their eyes pushing me forward, I grab onto the dragon's black hand, almost lying down on it.
Only one of us can go due to space. We're trying to retrieve Benio, and fitting one person on each of the dragon's hands is the best we can do.
Akihito: "......you sure......this is okay? I won't......fall off or anything, right?"
Kagome: "Probably."
Akihito: "Probably!?"
Mayuki: "We don't have time to test this."
Haru: "We're going to test it right now, of course. It'll be fine, Akihito. There's a first time for everything. Though it might hurt more than you expect."
Akihito: "I oppose testing on humans! Guinea pigs have rights too!!"
Kagome: "Shut up and get going."
Haru: "Gotcha."
A merciless response. Haru's fingers glide along an invisible keyboard.
The dragon rushes like the wind toward the edge of the roof.
Its enormous body leaps far higher than should be possible.
The black dragon fades into the darkness of the night as it skips from roof to roof.
The dragon's gravity-controlling magic gives it this maneuverability.
The maid, Kasukabe Haru, said she was good at controlling this kind of movement.
When the maid controls it, the dragon changes from a lizard crawling on the ground to a wyvern racing through the sky.
I can't say anything during this acceleration, but there's a lot less shaking than I expected. 
My hair flies up in the wind. The lights of the city below melt together as they flow by.
I look down from the dragon's hand, higher than any rooftop. It's more dazzling than I'd imagined.
We enter the hospital grounds, landing on a roof with a red cross on it.Then we jump to the normal wing, where Benio should be.
A nearly silent landing.
Benio's already waiting for me on this barren rooftop.
Benio: "――――――――"
Akihito: "Your jaw's hanging open. Close it."
Not that it's an unusual reaction when a dragon falls out of the sky without warning.
Benio: "Y-you scared me......so this is what she meant. That makes sense. I should've known."
Benio seems annoyed that she didn't think of it herself. The dragon holds out its right hand.
Akihito: "Grab on. We're leaving."
Benio: "But, umm......well......isn't this dangerous?"
Akihito: "We talked about that on the phone already. Details later."
Benio: "......okay, you're right."
She's good at adapting quickly.
Benio: "Ah, but I could've just summoned it myself and run away without dragging the rest of you down here......"
Akihito: "We're here in case they――――"
Before I can finish, light appears.A blue swirling light just above the power substation.
We know exactly what this means.That's the shining gate connecting to a place where monsters sleep.
Akihito: "―――In case they come out and attack. So much for a clean getaway."
Benio climbs onto the hand, lying down and holding on. The dragon pulls us up toward its chest.
Benio: "That's the one I saw at my room――――!"
The scarlet beast appears from the blue-white light.
The first thing I think of is a knife.A sharp, pointy silhouette like a bladed weapon.
It's shaped like a canine, more slender and delicate than the giant or the dragon, but with its own sense of danger.
The scarlet hound appeared above the power substation. Its single red eye glares emotionlessly at the pitch-black dragon, like glass.
Akihito: "――――"
I doubt it'll let us go easily. The witch's negative predictions always seem to come true. I get out my phone.
I send the text message I prepared.
I hear the sound of a key turning in a lock somewhere.The arms folded up at the base of the hound's limbs start to unfold.
They look like insectoid arms, praying mantis arms in particular.Their tips glint like a surgical scalpel's.
The red hound swings its right blade about thirty centimeters to the side.
Suddenly, the roof shifts.
The water tower, the door leading to the stairs, the steel pipes, the metal fencing, all of it slides diagonally down together.
There was no way that arm could have reached all of those objects, and yet it's as if an invisible blade cut through all of them.
Everything within a few dozen meters has been cut in half, and is sliding down.
Akihito: "――――"
This is more than just unprovoked.No mercy. No warning. They planned on killing us from the very beginning.
But――
There's a sense of hesitation in the hound's red eye.
The beast's invisible blade. That was its first and most powerful attack.
A flash running along a trajectory through both the dragon and the people connected to it.
However――Both of them and the dragon are unharmed.
The blade wasn't lacking in power. It did just cut the roof in half.
It only swung one blade less than a meter.That was enough to bisect all in its path.
It's as if only the dragon managed to dodge that attack.
　　　　　　　　　■■■■■■――――
Some part of that silhouette emits a rumbling howl.
Akihito: "......looks like we hurt their pride."
Benio: "What do we do!? If it does that again――"
Another magical sword. The invisible blade runs along the roof.
Walls are torn apart. The fence is cut down. The water tower is bisected.
Humans rely on vision for almost eighty percent of their sensory information.
Even in a battle of steel monsters with tremendous power, because people control them, having an invisible weapon gives them an unmistakably huge advantage.
Once you get within range, those magical blades can cut through steel as if it was water. Invisible, hence invincible.
The scarlet hound puts all it has into a second attack. It cuts along three lines at once, doing far more damage than the first slash. Horizontal and vertical cuts even take away the dragon's escape route, engulfing it in death.
The only evidence that those blades of death exist are the deep gashes in the roof as it gets torn apart.
Since we can't see them, there's no way to avoid them. Humans can't do anything about that.
The dance of blades melting into the air slices all parts of its prey without a sound, without allowing it to sense its impending death.
――――Or so it thinks.
The black dragon holding us to its chest harmlessly deflects all three blades.
The scarlet hound's howl sounds more like anger than shock.
Those proud blades should have cut us into shreds, but they can't reach us or the dragon through its black arms.
Ten points cut through the world.The atmosphere grates. Darkness expands.
A black shield――
Darkness gushes out from the dragon.The shield of gravity won't allow the invisible blades to touch us, just as it sealed us off from the giant's hellish blaze.
The text I sent was to Mayuki, telling her to deploy the shield.
Five people are connected to the dragon.Each is loaded into it, and carries a part of it.We each have our roles, certain things we're more or less suited to.
Surprisingly, Mayuki's best at using the dragon's shield.The rest of us can do that too, but not as efficiently.
Benio: "――What is this......black......shield?"
Akihito: "It's keeping us safe for now......how are the dragon's stats looking?"
Benio: "Umm......you mean this?"
Since we're connected to the dragon, we can see several variables and data points about its condition. Technically they're appearing in our minds rather than our vision.
I have no idea what most of them mean, but one value I vaguely understand: The dragon's "energy."
Benio: "Uoo!? That one's going down!! Really really fast!!"
Akihito: "......powerful magic does take a lot of MP."
Benio: "That's easy to understand, but I don't like it!!"
The dragon's "Magic Points"――
It was in the hundreds when we summoned it, but appearing in our world lowered it a little.
Even coming into our world exhausts it somewhat.
We don't know if losing all its "MP" will make it stop moving, or go back into the blue light. Either way, we won't be able to fight anymore.
Deploying the black shield is causing it to lose MP blindingly fast.
Akihito: "――――――"
I'm too far away from Mayuki, and it's nighttime.She can't see what's going on here.
My text told her to put all energy into the shield. Since we don't know how strong the enemy is, we can't risk anything less.
It'd help if Mayuki was here, but we can't fly away with Benio while we're focusing on defense.
Plus, there are people controlling that scarlet beast, and they're probably nearby. We don't want to give them any more information than we have to.
Benio: "At this rate............"
If the dragon runs out of "MP," the shield will vanish.Without it, the hound's blades will cut through us effortlessly.We can't block those things ourselves.
So――
Akihito: "Okay, let's do this."
Benio: "But, I still...haven't even......"
Akihito: "Do you want to die? Now get ready."
Benio: "............"
The silence of indecision.
Benio: "Hey, Akihito-kun."
Benio: "......if you knew this was going to happen......why did you come out here?"
I can't hear her muttering very well through the roar of the black shield.
Akihito: "He's going to move before we go down. Don't miss your chance. Okay, Benio?"
Benio: "Yeah!"
She answers without hesitation.
Benio: "I'll do it this time for sure."
Akihito: "You don't have to get that excited."
I reply casually, then turn my attention to the enemy.
The dragon gets ready.It twists its four limbs as if ready to pounce at any moment.
Akihito: "――――"
The hound moves first.
Above our heads, a sharp silhouette passes over the enormous moon.It's much faster than the giant on the hill, and bright red as it flies.
An attack from the sky to tear us apart.Not with invisible blades, but with its own arms and claws.
It may look like it's going overboard because it's certain of its victory, but in reality, it was a careless decision. Impatience prompted by the inability to even scratch the dragon before..
As the hound charges down, the dragon roars.
The hound accepted our challenge. The dragon can't keep the shield fully deployed forever, so it's clear who would win a long endurance fight.
Izawa's missing, and Mayuki and Haru can't see us.Benio and I are the only ones operating it.We're not as powerful or as nimble as before.
An incomplete dragon.There's only one way to make up for that gap in ability.Bluff, and make the hound give up its own advantage.
Benio: "Attaaaaaaaaaaack!!!!!"
Benio shouts.
No matter how fast it is, when you know it's coming, you can do something about it.
The dragon's fangs tear into one of the blades moving at hurricane speeds. The hound's right blade arm comes clean off.
The scarlet hound loses its balance and falls.It rolls along the roof and crashes into the fence.
Akihito: "Now we run!"
Benio: "B-but that thing's still――――"
Akihito: "We just caught it by surprise. If we keep going we'll run out of energy before it does."
Benio: "――!"
Benio looks at the remaining MP again, and gulps.
We can feel the red warning lights. Not much longer until it's empty.
Akihito: "Let's go!"
Benio: "O-okay!!"
We turn our backs to the hound and run. Then, we leap.
====================C003_080 ディンダロスの猟犬03_0530.json====================
Dawn. The sky outside the curtain is turning white. The town is awakening from its temporary sleep.
People. Things. Information. They continue living in this city today.
I haven't had this many guests in my room in a long time. Sometimes I pick up one or two, but having five people counting myself and Kagome is rare.
Akihito: "......I died. I almost died. I was so sure we were screwed."
I'm not fit to be a protagonist, so forcing myself to lead everyone is tough. My exhausted body collapses on the sofa with no dignity whatsoever. I don't want to take another step.
Kagome: "Saying you're dead when you aren't is so effeminate. If you keep saying stupid things every day, you'll turn into Akihito."
Akihito: "......I already am Akihito!"
The witch loves whipping dead people.
Benio: "......you're so friendly."
Kagome: "I am Akihito's madly-in-love dere dere childhood friend."
Akihito: "......stop lying."
After retrieving Benio from the hospital, we all went to my room so we could talk. I put a bag of chips on the table since I don't have any better snacks to offer.
Haru: "Wow, this isn't a bad room."
Mayuki: "It's huge. I thought you were living alone. Akihito-san, not only do you have an armed childhood friend, but your family's loaded. You're pretty high-level."
Akihito: "......my dad used to live here too. He's just been working overseas for a long time."
And what does high-level mean?
Mayuki: "I see, the eroge setup."
Benio: "What's that? What's that?"
Mayuki: "Living with your parents can be very inconvenient for some stories, so to avoid financial trouble, eroge typically have the parents either working overseas or on vacation most of the time."
Haru: "Inconvenient how?"
Mayuki: "If you conquer a heroine and bring her back to do this and that, having your parents around gets in the way, doesn't it?"
Benio: "Waaaaait!"
Educational head flick.
Mayuki: "......my right brain hurts."
Benio: "No improper relationships! They're bad for you!!"
The stubborn ally of justice is as red as a tomato.
Akihito: "......so, should we talk about what we do next?"
――Let's put together what we know.
First, three things.
1) There are other monsters.
2) The other monsters are probably the same kind of being as our dragon.
The most important point is this last one.
3) Some of the people connected to these other monsters seem to be after us and our dragon.
Mayuki: "When you say they're the same kind of being......does that mean other humans are controlling them?"
The pint-sized creature figures things out fast.
Akihito: "Yeah. At least, there probably are."
Benio: "But then......why would someone......"
Benio's been attacked twice. Counting the time on the hill, that's three times she could have died.
Benio: "I've been attacked. Not just that, I almost died."
Benio: "No, not just me. Back on the hill Mayu-Mayu...everyone could've died......"
Benio: "There are people connected to that thing, right? They're like us, watching it from somewhere nearby and controlling it, right? So why――"
Why would they try to kill us?
Akihito: "We won't know unless we get the chance to ask them."
Considering they used Benio as bait to lure us out, killing her must have been a means to some other end for the giant and the scarlet beast. They have a different objective.
Benio: "I can't......forgive them for this.Even at my apartment, if someone had been in the room below mine, they'd be......"
Akihito: "That's the problem, Benio-san."
Benio: "......eh? What do you mean?"
Kagome: "They seem to know who this flat-chest is."
Benio: "F-flat!?"
She looks like the world just ended.
Benio: "――――W-wait a minute! Hinaori-san, what's with you!? That phone call at the hospital, and now you..."
Kagome: "Didn't they tell you not to use your phone there? Those are despicable manners for a human. But it's not your fault that your chest is despicably flat."
Benio: "............!!"
The full-frontal verbal assault makes Benio-san cry bitter tears.
Haru: "She's dying......"
Akihito: "If you lecture the witch on morals, you're a goner."
Kagome: "What are you talking about? None follow morality more faithfully than I."
Akihito: "You only follow your own desires."
Benio: "I-I'm not flaaaat!!!!"
She revives herself with anger.
Kagome: "......"
Benio: "......!!!"
The witch and the rich girl glare at each other. A T-Rex versus a ferret.
Benio glares back at her without backing up a single step. That alone is worthy of praise.
Kagome looks down, comparing.
Kagome: "Ha!"
She laughs through her nose.
Benio: "!!!!!!!"
Mayuki: "......Benio-san doesn't like losing, I take it."
Akihito: "There are many things in this world that effort, willpower, and friendship can't change."
Benio raises a fist in despair. Mayuki and I watch her plight while munching on soy-flavored chips.
Mayuki: "This flavor's pretty good."
Akihito: "You haven't had the Kansai-style ones before? I like these a lot."
Haru: "Keep it together, Benio-chan."
Benio: "O......O-Haru-san......"
Benio burns with indignation, and the maid reaches out a helping hand.
Haru: "It doesn't really matter if they're big or small."
Benio: "!!!!!!!"
The megaboob maid deals the final blow. Cluelessness is the ultimate cruelty.
Akihito: "......so, back on topic. We know they know who Benio is."
Benio falls onto the sofa and turns into a caterpillar, now that all her pride and humanity have been torn out of her and crushed.
Kagome: "The problem is, how did they find out?"
Mayuki: "It's probably the internet, right? I visited and posted on a lot of sites when I started seeing Girl A."
Mayuki: "I'm always careful but you can never be completely sure."
Haru: "Hmmm, you're doing a lot with that little body of yours."
What she's saying is relatively normal, but when the maid says it, it sounds inexplicably erotic.
Akihito: "What about you, O-Haru-san?"
Haru: "Boldly, but sometimes delicately."
Benio: "............I think I know how."
She slowly raises her tear-soaked face after reviving once again.
Benio: "......I lost the plastic case with my bus pass. I probably dropped it back on the hill."
Kagome: "So they examined the scene and found evidence. Typical."
Mayuki: "So the leak was offline after all. The principles of a field detective still hold true."
Akihito: "Ordinary work is rewarded in the end."
Kagome: "Sounds like something a side character would say just before the final episode when they sacrifice their life to save the hero."
Someone who's never done an honest day's work ridicules me.
Akihito: "So what exactly was in that case?"
Benio: "Two monthly bus passes and my student ID."
Akihito: "......so your school's not safe either."
Of course, they already knew where she lived. Figuring out everything else about Benio wouldn't be much harder.
After exchanging various opinions, we come to a conclusion.
Akihito: "Not much choice, for the time being......"
Akihito: "Benio-san, you'll be staying here. Okay?"
Benio: "Okaaaay!......wait, what? How did we jump to that??"
Akihito: "If you need something in a hurry, use the convenience store nearby. Tell your school you're in shock after the accident and can't go for a while. Make excuses to family and friends too if you have to."
Benio: "W-wait a minute, that's......kinda sudden......a-and I'm a girl, you know. S-staying in a b-boy's room......isn't really......"
She sits down on the sofa and hugs a cushion.
Akihito: "There's a monster after you. If you screw up, you'll get killed, and maybe take us with you."
Akihito: "If you stay with your parents or a friend, and this happens again――"
Benio: "――――Will that thing......keep coming?"
Benio's shoulders are shaking from shock and fear. She squeezes the cushion like a child, but her face is emotionless.
――The scarlet monster.
To it, killing people is as normal as walking or breathing. The people behind it kill other people. They slaughter without hesitation.
I knew that the moment I saw the carnage at Benio's apartment on TV.
If anything had gone wrong, that could've caused a massive loss of life, but they did it anyway――
We should be fearing the humans, not the monsters. The humans are what make them into real monsters.
Akihito: "They shouldn't know about my room yet, so we need you to hide here for a while."
Benio: "How long is a while......?"
Akihito: "Until we figure out how to resolve this."
There's three things we need to do first.
1) Find out who's controlling that scarlet beast.
2) Learn why they're chasing us――   Discover the rules surrounding that monster's actions. 
We can't avoid taboos if we don't know what the rules are. We need to study more.
And――
The last one is the most important.
3) Resolve our differences with the enemy, and ensure our safety.
――――We need to prepare ourselves.
The night dawns.
Haru: "Okay, I'm gonna drive Mayuchi home, then go back to my place to sleep."
Mayuki: "You don't need to do that. I'll just use a taxi......"
Haru: "It'd take forever to catch a cab this early in the morning. You'd have to wait for the trains to start up too."
Haru: "It's fine, O-Chibi-chan. I won't lay a hand on you yet."
Mayuki: "......what do you mean "yet?" Why the "yet?""
Akihito: "Okay, take care of Mayu-Mayu."
Haru: "Bye, lovey-dovey~"
Mayuki: "......I keep telling you, it's Mayuki."
Two people leave, and three remain.Me, Kagome, and Benio.
Benio: "Staying for a while......in a boy's room......
isn't this..."cohabitation"......?"
She continues clinging to the cushion and fidgets.
Kagome: "Normally Akihito picks up less respectable creatures."
Akihito: "......then you scare them into hiding in their rooms the whole time."
I remember past scenes that still make me want to cry.
Kagome: "Such weak people, just from having a knife pointed at them..."
Akihito: "Stop trying to put normal people through your training!"
Akihito: "Also, Benio......can you keep your parents and the cops from prying about this?"
We may not be able to do anything, but hiding until it calms down is the right move for now. I do have a connection to the cops so I can use that if I need to.
Benio: "I should be able to. I'll tell my parents I'm staying at a friend's house for now......"
Akihito: "You sure that'll work? They won't worry?"
Benio: "They will, but......
my parents are divorced, and they're supporting me. If I insist, they'll let it go."
A troubled face, like a child whose prank has been revealed.
Benio: "......I'll give the police an excuse too."
Akihito: "Okay."
Everyone has their own issues. It's never good to pry when you don't have to.
Benio: "B-by the way――"
She looks at Kagome and I with bright red cheeks.
Benio: "It's already morning, so......Kagome-san, don't you need to go back?"
Kagome: "What do you plan on doing after I leave?"
A cold, potentially fatal gaze from the witch.
Benio: "N-n-n-n-nothing l-l-l-l-like that, I wasn't going to do anything at all!!"
She freaks out.
Akihito: "Kagome's room is two doors down from here."
The point being she's so close that there's nothing to worry about.
Kagome: "And this is my second room."
Benio: "Your what......?"
Akihito: "No, it's not!"
Kagome: "What's Akihito's is mine, and what's mine may or may not be Akihito's."
Akihito: "At least say what's mine is mine!"
Kagome: "Of course, I am Akihito's."
Benio: "Bubo!"
She spits out the sports drink.
Akihito: "S-stop saying......weird things like that......you're going to give her the wrong idea!"
Kagome: "After pushing me down and everything. What a brazen man."
Benio: ".............................."
Eyes colder than a Siberian blizzard. I'm going to freeze to death in my own room.
It's been a while since a new woman joined me in my room. Though this time the circumstances are a bit different.
――――I feel strangely uneasy.
====================C003_081 宮戸浩三_0531.json====================
An embedded glass window. The dawn beyond it breaks without a sound.
Even twenty-four hour family restaurants are mostly empty around now, except for salarymen and students who missed the last train.
The man's waiting for someone.
A tall, slender man. He isn't that skinny, but his every motion somehow feels slender.
He feels like a thin, sharp nail. If it wasn't for that, his looks could easily have made him an actor.
The restaurant is mostly empty, and he sits in the emptiest corner of it. A much younger man joins him.
Man: "No, no, I'm very sorry about this. I shouldn't be making you come out here at this hour."
Student: "It's fine, it's fine. We can't do this earlier because of my job."
Man: "You look well. It's good to be young.So, straight to the point――"
They have a moment of small talk before beginning the discussion.
Man: "Did you think he was dead when you found him?"
No.
Man: "Did he call you or anything before it happened?"
No.
Man: "Any idea as to why he died?"
No.
The man asks, and the young man answers. It's too one-sided to call a dialogue."Suicide pact"――
The man's asking about an incident that's already becoming an urban legend. One of the incidents that the people call "group deaths."
Sudden, inexplicable deaths occurring only in Takakura City. More than one at a time, within minutes of each other. The cause of death is always heart failure.
There've been nine of these incidents in the past three months. The number of deaths has increased since last year.
Man: "Was he worried about anything before he died?"
No.
Student: "Ah, wait――" 
Student: "I think it was late last year, he suddenly stopped hanging out as much......"
Student: "Bad friends......? Maybe. He also seemed really pale around that time."
Student: "Yeah, he was always acting weird, and he seemed afraid of something even at school......"
Student: "......he never told me anything......"
Student: "Everyone was spreading rumors about him getting hooked on drugs."
The man carefully records these fragmented memories.
Student: "I heard he died of illness......but that doesn't seem right. Multiple people died at the same time, right? So what does that mean? Unless he's cursed......"
Man: "We don't know yet. That's why I'm investigating. This is what police work is like."
The man scratches his light stubble.
Man: "Thank you for your time. If we learn anything, I'll be sure to tell you."
Man: "I know how you feel. I do. You're a good friend."
Outside the glass windows, the sky starts to brighten.
====================C003_082 竹河紅緒02_0531.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "Somewhere beautiful......"
Ayaya: "It's morning! It's morning! Time to wake up!"
Ayaya: "It's morning! It's morning! Time to wake up!"
Ayaya: "It's morning! It's morning! Time to――"
The source of my kouhai's piercing shout is an alarm clock she bought for me during a chocolate sale in February.
Ayaya changed the wake-up message herself. It's a cursed object.
There was nothing weird about her when we first met.
I was dealing with some trouble in the new heart of the city, and this ordinary girl with a weird name got mixed up in it.
More accurately, she stuck her neck into it. Ayaya's the type to attract trouble.
......I don't know a single respectable person, do I?
At the time Ayaya was just an innocent girl, not even a first year at Ayamine Academy――
Ayaya: "I'll be your kouhai in spring, Senpai!"
I still remember her energetic salute.
Morning. I check the clock's digital display. Plenty of time before I have to leave for school. I was up late last night.
The giant, the king, the ghost girl, and the black dragon. The world operates on fantasy rules now. I spend every night searching for clues, but I don't find many.
Nothing happens, but my daily life continues cruelly onward. Today I have school and work. Life is hard.
I crawl out of bed to find Kagome in the living room. She's in her usual attire (if you can call it that), lying on the sofa with one leg hanging off.
Akihito: "Moming."
Morning. My speech center isn't functioning yet.
Muddy thoughts. My eyes hurt. My head feels heavy. Plus I'm sleep-deprived.
Kagome: "Akihito, people who waste their lives like you shouldn't have to sleep at all, but your eyes are red from fatigue. Could you possibly be more lazy?"
Akihito: "Sleep ist one of le three basick human meeds."
Akihito: "Anywi, you're up early tobay."
Kagome comes every morning to make breakfast and eat with me.
When I'm alone, I simply microwave stuff and pour hot water in a cup of noodles to make my breakfast. Apparently, she can't stand that.
Kagome: "Since I care about you..."
I can't understand Kagome today.
Kagome: "I should warn you that――"
Akihito: "I'm nat goin to liphen to eny mornings flom yu......"
Kagome: "......I see."
Strangely, she doesn't counterattack. I head to the bathroom to splash some water on my face.
Akihito: "............"
Benio: "..............................................................."
A sharp morning gaze.
Unfortunately, the twittering of birds doesn't reach as high as our fourteenth floor apartment.
White is good for my eyes in the morning.
A white neck. A white collarbone. White curves along her sides. White calves.
I once again realize my tastes are strangely fetishistic.
There's white skin in the bath. Then, I discover her brown hair. Also, pink.
The color is faint but not unhealthy. Her arms and legs appear lively and supple.
Her leg lines aren't bad, as you'd expect from someone who likes mini skirts. They look smaller than they do when she's clothed.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Begin scan!
From the top, 
81
-59
-79.I wouldn't call her a loli, but she is closer to cute than pretty.
She may not have the perfection of Kagome, but that unripe figure can be even more appealing at times.
......seriously, she's not a loli.
Given her Strength is B, this week's weather looks like A.
I've been living a very stressful life lately, so that's probably screwing up the weather.
I need to devote myself to a regular, normal life. So that's it for today.
Akihito: "........................see you next week~"
Benio: ".........................................."
Aaah, what the hell just happened?
......that's right, she lives here now.
Benio: "Gergyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!"
Kagome: "......hmph."
Akihito: "I'm off now."
Benio: "............see you later."
Benio won't come out of her room. I look inside before leaving. She's curled up like a pillbug under her covers.
She's recovering from the bathroom incident.
Akihito: "......"
Presence of mind. I bang my head gently against the wall near the door. I'm also trying to recover from a lot of stuff.
Akihito: "I have work tonight, so I'll be back late. There's food in the fridge, so you can eat that whenever."
Benio: "......'kay."
Benio's using my dad's room. Since he's on a very long business trip, none of his stuff is there anymore. A tidy little room with nothing but blankets, bookshelves, books, and a desk. 
I use it a lot when I help people in trouble. Thanks, dad.
Student: "Morning."
Student: "So yesterday, my bag――"
Student: "Hahaha, I know, right?"
Unchanging casual chatter during break time. Every so often, a vacuum forms at the end of a conversation. That's because the ruler is here today.
Hinaori Kagome, back from her absence last week. Some call her the black witch. Like oil on water, Kagome doesn't blend into the classroom.
Akihito: "............you should've told me she was in the shower."
Kagome: "I tried to warn you."
Akihito: "I never screw up that badly......"
Low caution caused by mental exhaustion. There's been too much crazy stuff going on lately.
White skin. White arms and legs. A small, healthy critter. A simple body, unlike Kagome.
Kagome: "Seeing you compare me to the flat-chest while pretending to sound serious makes me want to vomit."
Akihito: "Are you psychic!?"
Kagome: "......you were actually thinking about her? You're a hardcore pervert, Akihito. Don't get within ten thousand kilometers of me."
Akihito: "......ugu."
She got me again, and banished me from Earth while she was at it.
Kagome: "Hmph."
Class begins. Kagome heads to her seat with a scornful look.
Kagome controls the mood of a room, not people. She drags a freezing wasteland around wherever she walks.
Everywhere the black witch goes, a conspicuous hole emerges in the crowd.
After she sits down, the students nearby steal glances at her. She seems completely unaware of their existence.
Akihito: "She never stops being trouble......"
Today the witch remains a heretic.
Akihito: "Good morning."
Tianwen: "Good morning, Akihito-kun."
Miyato: "Bye now, Owner. I'll be back later."
Akihito: "Huh? ......aren't you Miya-san?"
A middle-aged man in a striking suit is sitting at the counter before opening time. Miyato Kouzou――Miya-san, one of our regulars.
At first glance he could be an actor, but on the inside he's just a slovenly weirdo. A typical useless adult. The ideal specimen.
Miyato: "Oh, if it isn't Akihito-kun. You still look so young. I envy you. I'm glad to see you still look okay."
The seedy middle-aged man is never tense.
Akihito: "What are you doing here so early?"
Miyato: "My work ended early today. It didn't seem right to come in before opening time, but I was nearby and he said it was fine."
Miyato: "Thanks for that."
He puts his hands together and bows.
Tianwen: "No doubt you've been busy with the recent accidents, Miyato-san."
Miyato: "Pretty much. Nothing but accidents lately. There were even two explosions in a row."
Miyato: "We cops like it best when nothing's happening, but we wouldn't get paid if nothing ever did."
Believe it or not, Miya-san is the assistant inspector for the whole prefecture, so his relationship with the Owner is more suspicious than most.
The new heart can be a problematic area, so they need people that they can talk to in these places.
Like the Owner.
Miyato: "Anyway, I'll be going now, Owner, Akihito-kun."
Miya-san walks away humming and slightly tipsy.
Akihito: "Miya-san's as carefree as ever."
Tianwen: "He is that kind of man.......now then, we have some alone time again, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "Please stop calling it that."
My hips shudder.
Tianwen: "Now, time for work, time for work. Labor is our daily bread, our purpose in life."
I follow behind the Owner as he puts on his business face. Those who do not work shall not eat.
Benio: "Hmmmmmmmm......"
Takekawa Benio feels flustered as she listens to a recent idol song she likes.
Standing still is painful for her. She's like a shark. Staying still for too long can kill her.
Akihito warned her to avoid carelessly going outside, because that scarlet beast might find her. She's supposed to stay quiet and hide.
He told her to play games or watch movies on DVD, but she didn't feel like it so she went out on the veranda.
Akihito's room is on the east side of Takakura City. From there, she watches the setting sun coat the Naruko River and the Takakura Suspension Bridge in gold.
Benio: "Akihito......kun........."
Mizuwa Akihito――One of her "allies," connected to the dragon. She doesn't understand him.
He's more detail-oriented than he looks. He seems cool-headed, but he saved her and is now keeping her in his apartment.
Benio: "Keeping......me......?"
She gets a little embarrassed at her choice of words.
His impressively beautiful childhood friend wanders in and out of his bedroom, and yet they don't seem to be going out or anything.
Benio: "But, still......you know, if she's not his girlfriend, why would she wear so little in front of him? Is that normal...?"
Hinaori Kagome――
Anyone passing by her will have their eyes naturally drawn to her. A beautiful woman. So beautiful it's scary.
There's no way Benio could walk around in nothing but a shirt. Absolutely not.Still――
Benio: "......melons."
Benio checks hers. Why are God's gifts so vastly different from person to person?
Benio: "Uuuuu......"
Come to think of it......
O-Haru-san's a queen of the universe too.
Benio: "I'm so jealous......
actually, what's going on? He keeps bringing all these huge girls with him everywhere! He should be calling himself King Megaboob Harem the First!"
Benio: "Don't underestimate us flatties!Wahahahahahaha......"
So hollow.
Benio: "......is he a womanizer? Am I in danger around him? Has he already gotten over the moat?"
The mysteries multiply. Many things become threats. Though leaving here is also life-threatening.
Benio: "............he did...save me............"
Like Akihito said, that scarlet beast was after her. If he hadn't saved her, it would've killed her sooner or later.
Besides, Akihito saved Mayuki that night on the hill too.
Back then――Benio couldn't move an inch.
Terror, shock, and panic. The appearance of a giant that rejected any meager courage. Willpower and courage are worthless before an overwhelming power.
Only one person――Only Akihito moved.
Logically speaking, it was foolish. If the dragon hadn't appeared, Akihito would've died for sure. Absolute despair. Not a chance in a million.
That's why―――
When she saw that idiot, she wanted to do whatever she could, as well.
Benio: "Funyuuu..."
She returns to the empty room and stretches. Akihito's at work, so he'll be late tonight. Kagome never appears when Akihito's away.
She's starting to feel hungry now. Worries aside, her stomach consistently empties every single day.
Benio: "I wonder if Kouchin and Saho are eating now......"
She recalls the faces of her friends worrying about her.
If Akihito's right, and the scarlet beast will do whatever it takes, her parents and friends could get targeted at any time.
Benio: "......why can they do such things?"
If there really are normal humans connected to it, why can they turn their blades toward other humans?
Across the ocean, there are countries at war. At this very moment, people there are killing and being killed. She understands that, but...
Benio: "If only I was a real "ally of justice"......"
Defeating evil, protecting everyone and upholding justice, just like in manga or anime. It'd be nice if everyone could be happy that way.
The scarlet beast might be coming closer right now. It might be going after Kouchin, Saho, or her mother.
Benio: "――――――!"
She gets more flustered. She has no leads, but she's not the type to stand still. She'll die if she doesn't move.
What can she do? What should she――――
Benio: "―――That's it!!!"
She thinks of something she can do right now. The group is still incomplete.
――――But we're friends now.
Her cell phone rings.
The display shows Mayuki's name. This is the first time she's called her.
Benio: "Hey there, Mayu-Mayu. What're you up to so late?"
Mayuki: "I am not Mayu-Mayu, I am Mayuki."
She imagines Mayuki sulking on the other end of the call.
Mayuki: "Actually, I'm near Akihito-san's house right now. I finished work and have some time left over, so I thought I should visit."
Benio: "I see. But I was gonna head out soon. Since you came all this way you might as well come up here――"
Benio: "......wait, aaah, no that would be bad. This is Akihito-kun's room.......what is it? Mayu-Mayu, why so quiet?"
Another pause before answering.
Mayuki: "......what nonsense is this brainless creature spouting?"
Benio: "I am not chestleeeeess!!!"
She cries tears of blood.
Mayuki: "No one said you were."
Benio: "Y-you didn't......?"
Mayuki: "......you're traumatized, badly."
Mayuki: "Listen, Benio-san. Do you understand that you're burdock roots on the chopping block right now?"
Benio: "B-burdock......
at least pick something with a bump......"
Mayuki: "They attacked you, you almost died, they attacked again, and so on. You're in a very bad situation here."
Benio: "I know that, but......but......"
Benio: "There are times when a woman has to go, even if she knows she's going to lose, even if she knows she'll die!!"
Mayuki: "No there aren't."
Night comes. She jogs through the deep silence of the residential street.
Benio: "Heeey! Mayu-Mayu, I'm here!"
Mayuki: "You kept me waiting nine minutes and fifty-three seconds."
Benio: "Uwa, you're strict......"
In the end, they agreed to meet up outside. Mayuki's wearing the same bizarre outfit as usual, even though she said she came here from work. Benio wonders if anyone at work gives her weird looks.
Mayuki: "Benio-san, I had no idea your brainlessness was this severe."
Benio: "It's not. I'm just an ally of justice."
Mayuki: "By "ally of justice," you mean a super-conservative disagreeable person with hollow ideals that can't win anything unless he's the protagonist?"
Benio: "Th-that's not......true......"
Her denial is weak.
Mayuki: "So, are you serious?"
Benio: "Yes. Akihito-kun and Hinaori-san have their hands full, so I want to do something."
Mayuki: "......you mean......Izawacchi?"
Benio: "Don't you want to do something too, Mayu-Mayu? We're all allies now that we're connected to the dragon. It's just not right for one guy to do stuff completely separate from the rest of us."
Mayuki: "......so what exactly did you mean by "do something?""
Benio: "Persuade him, find common ground, deepen our friendship, something."
Mayuki: "Doesn't that seem kinda impossible? We'd be like the minor character who has to go out fighting the champion of the tournament arc to show how strong he is."
Benio: "We'll just work hard and win!"
Mayuki: "This is why hot-blooded characters are such a......"
Benio: "Mayuki-chan, do you not like being in a group?"
Mayuki: "......"
She makes a conflicted face behind her glasses.
Mayuki: "In regards to that, Mayu-Mayu......Mayuki-san doesn't entirely disagree with the idea."
Benio: "Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "Focus on the stupid things and I'll pull your tongue out."
Benio: "Gyaaa!"
Mayuki: "Especially since we know for a fact that thing requires a five-man team. That black dragon's like a robot that only operates properly when all its parts combine."
Mayuki: "Besides, if we leave Black alone to his loner tendencies, then it'll be hard to move the plot forward."
Benio: "Who's Black?"
Mayuki: "The rival character who isn't a team player. A long time ago that was Blue,but he's warming up these days so now it's Black."
She looks off into the distance for some reason.
Benio: "That's right, now that you mention it, we do have one other black person......"
Mayuki: "......well, I guess you definitely could call her black."
Hinaori Kagome, the black witch.
Mayuki: "Anyway, now that Unity Operation One is approved, do you even know where Izawa-san is, Benio-san?"
Benio: "......Akihito-kun said he was in the business district, right?"
Mayuki: "Benio-san, you really don't think these things through."
She lowers her shoulders immensely.
Mayuki: "Also, isn't it pretty dangerous to wander around the new heart of the city this late at night?"
Mayuki: "Some foreigner might take us into a back alley and jab us with stimulants, or stuff us into a car and film us."
Benio: "Ehen, believe it or not, Benio-san has experience hanging around town at night."
Mayuki: "............Benio-san, are you one of those characters who acts naive and childish but isn't actually a virgin? That twist isn't very popular these days."
Benio: "Wha――......I-I haven't...yet...done...anything...like that......"
Mayuki: "Yes, yes, I got the point, I got it. That's right, it just wouldn't fit your character, Benio-san."
Benio: "Wh-what......? Mayu-Mayu......are you saying......I'm childish?"
Mayuki: "Well, if anything bad happens we always have the dragon."
Benio: "That'd be bad, the whole town would go crazy."
Mayuki: "Which might be just as bad as whatever they do to us. Anyway, back to the first problem. If we don't know where Izawa-san is to begin with, what can we do?"
Benio: "............I'll call Akihito-kun and try to find a way to ask him."
Mayuki: "Try to find a way? Do you know what you're saying?"
Benio: "Don't worry, I can handle this!"
Akihito: "Yeees, hello, what is it? Benio-chan? Did something happen?"
Benio: "No, nothing like that......"
Akihito: "Really? Good to hear. Sorry, my shift just started, so is this urgent?"
Benio: "Ummmm, actually――――"
Benio: "――No, it's nothing! It's absolutely positively nothing at all! Bye!"
She hangs up on Akihito and makes a conflicted face.
Benio: "He didn't suspect anything............did he?"
Mayuki: "........................27 out of 100."
It couldn't have been more obvious. She shouldn't have expected Benio to be able to hide it.
Mayuki: "So do you know where Izawa-san is?"
Benio: "Not just yet............"
Mayuki: "The flat-chest is amazingly useless."
Benio: "Don't say thaaaat!!!"
Benio: "Y-you're even flatter than me, Mayuki!!"
Mayuki: "Because I'm younger. The potential that'll be unlocked in the next few years is as huge as the White Comet Empire."
Benio: "――――――!!!!!"
Mayuki: "So what now? We aren't going to get very far if we get held up this easily."
Benio: "No choice. Gotta dial the lifeline."
A mysterious phrase.
Mayuki: "Is it the kind of number that'll give you a cursed straw doll if you text them at midnight?"
Benio: "It's not cursed. Just an old woman from the new heart. She knows tons about the business district......though it costs a little."
Mayuki: "You have a lot of weird connections......"
Benio: "Some stuff happened a while ago and she told me her number. I've never met her in person, but she's helped me a number of times."
Mayuki: "That's extremely suspicious."
Lifeline: "......helloooo, this is your lifeline, meow......"
Benio: "It's me, Benio."
Lifeline: "Aaah, Beni-chan, it's been a while. I'm right behind you......"
Benio: "Gyaaa! Wait, listen to meee!"
Lifeline: "............whaaat......you need something......?"
Benio: "Umm, I'm trying to find someone called Izawa in the business district."
Lifeline: "Izawa......Izawa Shuu?"
Lifeline: "That's not the kind of guy you should be dealing with, Beni-chan."
Benio: "Trust me, this is urgent."
Lifeline: "Well, if you say so. Izawa's territory is near the 3rd district's Inubouzaki Theater. You can probably find him just by walking around there at night."
Benio: "The Inubouzaki Theater, right? Thank you."
Lifeline: "All right then......send the money to the usual Swiss bank account......"
Benio: "......what Swiss bank account?"
Lifeline: "Good night."
Benio: "See? Now we know where Izawa-kun is."
Mayuki: "......are you sure we're okay?"
Benio: "Of course. Trust Benio-san!"
Mayuki: "Eeeh..."
She feels very anxious.
====================C003_083 伊沢萩02_0531.json====================
Benio: "――No, it's nothing! It's absolutely positively nothing at all! Bye!"
Benio calls me during work but hangs up without explaining herself.
Akihito: "............what was that about?"
She asked me about Izawa.
Izawa Shuu―――A mad dog. A lethal blade. A bomb. A killer.
When you stick your neck into dangerous stuff in your neighborhood, you tend to hear about certain people you want absolutely nothing to do with. He's that kind of guy.
Akihito: "Hmmm..."
Izalone just opened, so we're only getting a trickle of customers right now.
I redial Benio. It doesn't connect.
Anxiety rears its ugly head. I check my phone's memory for the number to summon the devil.
She picks up before the second ring.
Kagome: "What?"
Akihito: "Where are you?"
Kagome: "My room. I'll stop by to lounge around when you get back."
Akihito: "I'm not asking about that! Anyway, is Benio in my room right now? She was acting weird a second ago, and now I can't call her."
I can hear someone moving around on the other end of the call. I decide not to think about what she's doing. Thirty seconds later, an answer.
Kagome: "Your room is empty. The flat-chest seems to have left. Considering what's trying to kill her, she has balls."
Akihito: "That mini cooper has no brakes on her......"
Akihito: "..................ummmm, Kagome-san, I'm very sorry to have to say this, but could you please do me......"
Kagome: "The cheesecakes at Ujiya are delicious this season."
......this will be a season of great pain for my wallet.
Izawa Shuu lives in the city. He crawls around the dark, muddy basin of the pleasure district. Who knows how long he's been here.
A mad dog. A killer. A demon.
Before he knew it, he was walking through the night with a number of distasteful nicknames for a reputation.
Izawa: "――――"
At night, Izawa's generally unhappy. They say everyone who knows this town tries to deal with him during the day.
Tonight, Izawa's more irritated than usual. He can't seem to calm down completely, like the ocean in the eye of a storm. He continuously goes back and forth between excitement and annoyance.
The cause is obvious: Two girls following him around like groupies.
Takekawa Benio and Yuubana Mayuki. People he met that night on the hill, and hasn't seen since. Just looking at their faces makes him nauseous.
They stick out like sore thumbs in this neighborhood at night, as if they have strobe lights and sirens on their heads. They probably know he can see them, but they still follow him persistently.
Izawa: "Tsk......"
He clucks his tongue in frustration.
His cell phone rings.
Izawa: "It's me."
Izawa: "―――Yeah, do whatever you want with him."
Izawa: "No good, that drug's illegal......
shut up! Do you want to get killed!? I don't care which it is!!"
He ends the conversation without listening to the other side.
Izawa is the king of a tiny kingdom. He inherited the throne of a Taiwanese group he once went to war with.
Izawa uses simple logic. The strong survive, and the weak get eaten.
He's after more. Even though he has a small throne, and everyone calls him the mad dog, he still can't see the peak.
He needs more power. He needs to climb higher. He needs to ensure no one can ever compete with him.
Right now, Izawa has power. A heretical power. The magic of a dragon which transcends human knowledge.
Izawa: "......how long are you going to follow me? This is no place for sissies like you to wander around."
Two critters come out from behind a telephone pole, shocked. Apparently they thought they were hiding.
Benio: "Umm......"
He can tell by her face. She's trying to "help." He already feels like shit about it.
Mayuki: "You seem rather upset, Benio-san."
Benio: "What do you mean? ......it's not like this is my fault."
Mayuki: "Aren't you gonna talk to him? Go give him your wonderful one-liner sales pitch."
Benio: "Weeell, I haven't figured out exactly what I want to say yet......"
Mayuki: "......this girl is useless. We must do something about her soon."
Benio: "Now that it's come to this, Benio-san's gonna have to fight! I can do this!"
Izawa: "............shut up."
She irritates him in the extreme. He knows why.
――The sense that they're "connected."
It's been smoldering around him ever since that night on the hill, like the discomfort of wearing a collar.
Benio: "Ah, Izawa...kun......where are――"
He walks off, leaving them behind. He has no idea where he's going, but it doesn't matter as long as he can get away from them.
Izawa: "............they just won't shut up."
Izawa Shuu lives in the city. But he is a heretic. Just living there isn't enough to blend in.
There are rules, even at the bottom of the city. They aren't like normal laws and morals, but they act as boundaries between sections of the world.
For instance, promises between groups of foreigners.For instance, unwritten agreements among crime groups.
Izawa doesn't care about rules. He steps over ordinary things and taboos, trampling them into the ground. People like that normally don't live long.
Izawa's still alive. He cares not for others, and shows no mercy to his enemies. He's survived relying entirely on himself.
Benio: "Wa-......wait a minute, Izawa......!!"
The woman howls like a puppy.
It's so disgusting Izawa decides to turn around and threaten her a bit. But then――
Izawa: "――――"
Another woman appears.
Nanase: "Pleased to meet you. I'm Takatou Nanase."
The woman smiles softly.
====================C003_085 円卓からの使者_0531.json====================
The new heart of Takakura City at night. This part is Hanamaki Town 3rd District, but most people simply call it the 3rd District.
A back alley in the 3rd district. Many taverns and unseemly shops clamor amidst the cramped space. It's the most disorderly part of the new heart.
A woman stands in front of Izawa.
He's short, so he naturally looks up. The woman's ponytail is long and soft.
Nanase: "Good evening. May I call you Izawa-san?"
She mutters ordinary words. So ordinary that they feel completely out of place in this part of town at night.
Izawa: "I don't remember giving you a business card."
It's not rare for people he doesn't know to come find him. Many people have a grudge against him. He can't remember them all.
Nanase: "You're quite famous, Izawa-san."
A woman better suited to listening to confessions in a church than mixing into this disorderly city. She folds her arms elegantly and looks straight at him with compassionate eyes.
Nanase: "Are those two girls part of your group?"
Benio's and Mayuki's hair stands on end.
Izawa: "......they're just groupies."
Benio: "No we're not!"
Izawa: "Shut up. Stay quiet."
Nanase: "The truth is, I wanted to wait until you were all together, but you almost never come into contact with your other units."
Izawa: "――You're an irritatingly roundabout woman."
Nanase: "Then I'll be direct――I want to talk about your avatar."
He can feel Benio and Mayuki gulping behind him.
Izawa: "――Avatar?"
He repeats the unfamiliar word. He figures out what the woman's words mean. Their avatar――
He's summoned and controlled it a number of times. He hasn't revealed it in front of sizable crowds, but there are rumors. Some people have seen it.
A steel illusion that moves when wills are loaded into it.
――A black dragon.
Izawa: "You took longer than I thought."
Izawa suppresses a laugh and relaxes his shoulders. Not many people know that's a sign of danger. This is far worse than taking on a fighting stance.
Nanase: "――You expected me?"
Izawa: "You hear a lot of things living around here. Some of them are laughably ridiculous, for instance――"
Izawa: "Rumors about monsters, which have been on the rise lately."
Nanase: "And?"
Izawa: "It just doesn't add up."
He reveals his cards one at a time, gauging the woman's reactions.
Monsters. Monsters at night. A green giant. A scarlet beast. Strange birds. A fiery serpent――
Impossible illusions. Rumors based on nothing but urban legend.
――No.
The black dragon exists. Izawa is connected to that unwavering proof.
Izawa: "If there were other monsters out there――"
If there are other steel illusions with people connected to them, hiding somewhere in this city...
Izawa: "Someone would see them. It'd be way more than rumors."
Izawa: "The rest is just addition. The numbers don't add up, so someone must be hiding, or have someone to hide them."
Izawa: "There's probably a group out there keeping up appearances.―――Like you guys."
Nanase: "The rumors I heard said Izawa Shuu was a short-tempered brute......rumors never can be trusted, can they?"
Izawa: "Is that man over there part of your group?"
Izawa points with his jaw. There's a tall, scarecrow-like man hiding in an alley between two old buildings.
Nanase: "......I'm impressed."
Izawa: "He was obvious. The way he moved and looked at me was clear. Did he seriously think he was hiding?"
Izawa: "That bastard's heart is pounding because he thinks I'll pounce on you at any moment, right?"
Nanase: "David does worry a lot."
Izawa: "We defeated one monster on the hill. Was that one of yours?"
Nanase: "No."
She answers immediately.
Nanase: "I have come here tonight to fulfill my role, the role that I have been given."
Nanase: "Silence to our brethren, and peace to the kingdom. Blessing is our duty."
Nanase: "Izawa Shuu――"
Nanase speaks with a compassionate smile.
The corners of Izawa's lips rise wickedly.
Nanase: "I've been wanting to meet you five."
Izawa: "I've been waiting for you to show yourselves."
They look at each other.
Tianwen: "What's wrong, Akihito-kun? Worried about something?"
Akihito: "No, well, it's just......"
I wait for word from Kagome. It's been two hours since I asked her to find Benio.
My cell phone rings. The display reads Benio.
Akihito: "――――!"
I gesture to him that I got a call. The owner silently nods in response. I quickly duck into the staff room.
Akihito: "What the hell are you doing!? I told you to stay in the room! Don't go to the south side at night!!"
Benio: "Izawa-kun just――!!"
Akihito: "Gyawa!?"
Right away a piercing shout hurts my ears.
Benio: "Can you hear me!? Hey, Akihito-kun, are you listening!?"
Akihito: "......I can't hear you, I can't hear you, you killed my ears."
Benio: "Hey, hey......I'm in the business district now, with Mayu-Mayu and Izawa-kun――"
Akihito: "Why's Mayuki there with you!? And Izawa too!? Get back here before he bites you! He's not someone you and Mayuki can......"
Benio: "Then this long-haired woman appeared and said some strange things――"
Akihito: "............doesn't that mean you should leave him alone?"
What the hell is this call about now?
Benio: "No, it's not that! She was acting really weird, they're not dating......"
Benio: "The dragon! That's right, she knows about that! She called it an "avatar"......"
Akihito: "――Where are you?"
My brain shifts gears in less than a second. The lead I've been searching for has shown itself willingly, and to Izawa of all people.
Benio tells me the name of a nearby building. I imagine a map and calculate the shortest path. I can get there in under ten minutes.
Akihito: "I'll be right there, wait for me. If anything bad happens, just run."
Benio: "But Izawa-kun......"
Akihito: "I'll figure something out!"
Benio: "Okay!"
I wait for Benio's answer, then hang up. I think up an excuse to leave the shop as I redial the previous number.
Akihito: "Kagome, it's me again――"
====================C003_087 奈々世との戦い_0531.json====================
The Takakura Central Park.
Takatou Nanase brought them to the same forest they used for their experiment the other day.
Nanase: "I think we can talk safely here."
Benio: "Aaah, deja vuuu."
Mayuki: "Everyone thinks the same thing. The tragedy of the copy-paste generation."
Izawa: "Tsk......"
Izawa, Benio, and Mayuki. One man and one woman stand before them.
A tall woman, and an equally tall man. They're not intimate enough to be lovers, but they don't look like siblings.
The woman calls herself Takatou Nanase. She calls the man David.
Nanase: "As I said before, we originally wanted to continue watching for a few more days. We wanted to talk to your whole coμ at once."
Benio: "......coμ?"
Nanase: "Yes. There should be two more people in addition to you three. A group of five humans whose souls and wills are connected to the "dragon.""
Nanase: "We call those groups "coμs.""
Nanase: "However, we can't afford to wait any longer."
Nanase sighs softly about the change of plans.
Nanase: "I apologize for this, but over the past few days, some of my friends have been watching you."
Izawa: "......those nuisances were from you?"
Surveillance. Tailing. Eyes from the shadows. Izawa had noticed them. He couldn't get rid of them, so he ignored them. They didn't smell that dangerous to him. They smelled like amateurs.
Nanase: "We've been watching you, Izawa-san, but you never contacted any of the other members, and――"
David: "You stand out, far too much. It's beautiful. You are a flower, but sadly, if you do not learn to be a little more discreet, you will......cause problems for us."
Nanase: "David."
Nanase scolds the loose-lipped man. David shrugs his shoulders as if he was joking.
David: "Oh, my apologies. I tend to talk too much. Please forgive me."
Mayuki: "What do you mean by being more discreet?"
Nanase: "......Izawa-san has summoned your avatar multiple times, in ways that draw a lot of attention. That's a problem for us."
Mayuki: "Oh-ho, so you're the inevitable faction that wants to cover it all up."
Benio: "Inevitable?"
Mayuki: "Yeeees. Groups of magicians and societies guarding ancient civilizations always try to hide their secrets from the public to avoid societal upheaval and any risk of them being overpowered."
Benio: "I see, I see."
Izawa: "......I knew you'd show yourselves sooner or later."
The thin lines around Izawa's facial features twist, making him more terrifying.
Izawa: "If I started swinging that thing around."
Once he noticed the people following him, he decided to bait them out. The people who hide these things have to make a move when one refuses to stay hidden.
Nanase: "We had no other choice."
Nanase: "Silence to our brethren, and peace to the kingdom. Blessing is our duty."
Nanase: "So please――"
Izawa: "I said......I've been waiting."
Firm, knife-like words cut off Nanase's request.
Izawa: "I don't believe in hurting women when I can avoid it."
Benio: "Liar."
Nanase: "Thank you."
Izawa: "――――――When I can avoid it, that is."
Benio: "Izawa!?"
Benio suddenly calls out his name, but he ignores it completely.
He thrusts his left hand forward. Light appears behind Izawa's small body. An oozing whirl of blue light sends dazzling colors into the darkness.
Izawa: "I'll listen to whatever you have to say."
Izawa: "――After I pound you into the ground!!"
Benio: "Wait! Izawa, what are you thinking!? You want to fight these people!?"
From the center of the light, steel grates and scrapes against other steel. Out comes a starving monster gnashing its teeth.
David: "Y――......!"
Nanase: "It can't be......why is it――"
A pitch-black dragon, darker than the night. Its huge body easily surpasses three meters. A serpent king with fourteen red, shining eyes.
Benio: "Izawa......are you serious――!?"
Izawa: "What do you think, huh?"
―――Loading.
Whether they want to be or not, those connected to it are loaded in.
Benio can feel the circuit connecting her to the dragon automatically switching on.
Three bullets are loaded into it.Three humans are loaded into it.
The dragon roars as those wills revive it.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
Izawa: "Now, come on, you've got one too, right? One of these――"
Nanase: "Avatars."
Izawa: "That's it, now show us your avatar!"
Nanase: "Can I ask why you want to fight?If I have done something to offend you, I sincerely――"
Izawa: "Everything about you offends me."
He makes a low growl, like a starving beast.
Izawa: "People like you run around acting like you know everything, trying to look all composed and elegant, but sneaking around me like insects..."
Izawa: "I hate everything about that―――
So I'll crush you!"
Izawa: "Once we've done that we'll know who's on top. Simple enough for you?"
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The pitch-black dragon roars madly. Only certain humans can hear its voice. Only those connected to avatars.
Benio: "Izawa! That's enough! You think I'm gonna let you do something this stupid!?"
Izawa: "Outta my way, Ironing Board."
Benio: "I'm not moving! I won't let you be an idiot! You're not the only one who can move the dragon, Izawa!We can too――――"
Izawa: "So what?"
Benio: "So this!!!"
Benio's command makes the dragon stop in mid-motion.
Multiple people control the dragon. If it receives conflicting wills, it stops. It can't move.
Izawa: "What do you think you're――!?"
Izawa's will. Benio's will. The bullets all have equal weight. Two wills have equal standing.
Benio: "Eh? Why!?"
Izawa: "What?"
The stalled dragon takes another step forward.
Mayuki: "――――In that case, I'll side with Izawa-san."
Benio: "M-Mayu-Mayu!?"
Izawa: "......what are you thinking, pipsqueak?"
Mayuki: "Like you said, if you think rationally, we should listen to what they have to say......"
Mayuki folds her arms and makes a face like a washed-up philosopher. She nods to herself as she talks.
Benio: "Right? Right!? So why are you siding with the bad guy here!?"
Izawa: "Ha! You sure love your ideals, Little Miss Justice."
Mayuki: "However, after the giant and that four-legged dog thing, we can't let our guard down around anyone――"
Mayuki: "But more importantly, I also dislike characters who act like they know everything and look down on you as they explain things!"
There should be a thunderclap or some other noise to go with that line.
Benio: "Ummm, you just dislike them......?"
Mayuki: "Also, I'm the only one who hasn't used this thing yet. I'd like to make this my debut battle. These exposition characters have to fight the protagonists at least once."
She looks really eager.
Benio: "Hey now."
Izawa: "Don't bother if you aren't gonna take it seriously, pipsqueak......"
Mayuki: "I'm not pipsqueak, I'm Mayuki. And can you really afford to say that? The dragon won't move without my help."
Izawa: "Tsk......I can't even be bothered to get mad. Okay, fine, have your fun. As long as we crush them, I don't care."
Mayuki: "No direct damage, okay? We can hurt their......avatar, right?But other than that――"
Izawa: "......geez, what am I? Your babysitter? Nothing's going my way tonight."
Mayuki: "What about you, Benio-san? Are you okay with sitting there watching?"
Benio: "Mm...uu...uuu......
okay! Fine, I get it!!"
There's no point just standing around watching them fight.
The dragon is supposed to be controlled by five people. Without Benio, the others would have more to do. It would only weaken the dragon.
David: "Oh my, this is incredible. Truly incredible. I've never seen anyone react like this."
Nanase: "......David."
David: "Oh my, I'm sorry, I did it again."
Nanase takes a deep breath. After regaining her composure, she gently folds her arms.
Nanase: "It is quite unusual for people to react with hostility during "first contact.""
Nanase: "You could say that's why we talk to them, so we can do what needs to be done."
Izawa: "The wolf's starting to throw off her sheepskin. Just admit it. If someone doesn't do what you want, you force them to."
Nanase: "Certainly not. I don't like doing things that way. I really don't――"
Nanase: "So I ask you again, could we please just talk about this?"
Nanase: "It's in your best interests to learn more about this, isn't it?"
Benio: "......what do you think?"
Mayuki: "Since we were just getting psyched up to do this, Mayu-Mayu isn't sure."
Izawa: "Ha! If you don't wanna say it, then I'll make you. Let's find out which of us is on top!"
Benio: "Animal."
Izawa: "Quiet, Ironing Board."
Sparks fly between them.
Nanase: "Are you sure you want to do this?"
Izawa: "Would you shut up already? Or should I beat you up until you can't talk again?"
Nanase: "All right, if you insist."
Nanase closes her eyes gently. Blue light swirls behind her.
Nanase: "Fortune and blessings to our friends――――"
Nanase: "Sing with delight, Fuchur!!"
Whether or not Nanase's clear voice beckoned it, something enormous rises out of the layers of swirling bluish-white light.
Steel arms, steel legs, a steel tail――
――It's a dragon.
A holy, emerald dragon, with a completely different shape.
It's clearly bigger than the other avatars they've met. It's shorter than the black dragon, but about the same size overall. It's about 3.5 meters tall.
The green dragon leans forward, much like a certain carnivorous dinosaur.An illusion revived from the ancient world and wrapped in steel.A pair of wings extend from its shoulders to the sky.
Nanase: "I hate fighting. I really do."
A holy dragon like a gemstone. Its name is Fuchur.
The heat inside it turns into invisible power and pushes against them.A stronger presence than the other avatars they fought.
Nanase: "However, if you insist on fighting no matter what―――"
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■■■!
Nanase: "We are pretty strong."
Takatou Nanase speaks like a song.
Izawa: "I've seen plenty of idiots say that before. Let me show you what happened to all of them."
The pitch-black dragon rears its head and bares its fangs.
Mayuki: "Do a bit more posing first. We may be the bad guys here, but I don't want to look like cannon fodder."
Izawa: "Shut up already......
here goes, pipsqueak. Don't fuck this up!!"
Mayuki: "Please don't make any mistakes yourself, Izawa-san."
Benio: "Aaaah! What's with you two!!?"
The nameless dragon and Fuchur. The two dragons shake the earth as they move straight toward each other.
Izawa attacks first. It's not like him to wait or hold back.
The pitch-black claws and fangs swing mercilessly. A lethal attack with plenty of the dragon's power.
They shoot forth like a battering ram. The black dragon's attack utilizes a gravitational phenomenon to give it more weight than it has mass.
Izawa: "Wha――――!?"
These strong arms knocked down the giant on the hill, but Fuchur evades them with surprising nimbleness.
The dragon accelerates even more.Its green jewel of a body briefly resembles an ancient velociraptor.
Faster than the black dragon, which swings a second and a third time, but Fuchur evades it like a shadow.
Izawa: "You little――"
Nanase: "I should warn you, Izawa-san."
Nanase: "There are three reasons why you can't beat us."
Nanase and Izawa face each other, standing to one side of the huge beasts trying to tear each other's throats out, like ancient kings watching slaves battle to the death.
Nanase: "First――"
Nanase's voice reaches them through the grating steel.
Nanase: "Georgios is a powerful avatar category, but Fuchur is a Georgios as well, so you can't simply overpower us."
The enemy's lack of concern rubs Izawa the wrong way.
Izawa: "Stop acting so superior......!"
Fuchur tries to run around into its blind spot.The green dragon's huge curved claws glint under the moonlight.It slips through the black arms and attacks with those blades.
It fights like the wind, never staying in one place for more than a moment. As you'd expect, it retreats after each attack.
Izawa: "Stand still, dammit!"
When they collide, sparks fly, and the black dragon gets cut.The wounds are shallow, but the damage is slowly building up.
Fortunately, they can't feel any pain. Even if the avatar itself has pain, the humans connected to it don't feel any.
Izawa: "Dammit, I can't keep up, how are you doing this!?"
In terms of simple speed, the scarlet hound was much faster.But simple statistics don't tell the whole story.
The black dragon has three wills loaded into it.Steel avatars are only complete when connected to five people.The incomplete dragon can't match Fuchur.
Nanase: "Does your dragon feel heavy?"
Izawa: "――!"
She's right. Anger rises up like red-hot magma.
Nanase: "That's the second reason――"
Nanase: "Izawa-san, there are only three of you, and Georgios avatars are harder to control than most."
Nanase: "You can only use half, no, forty percent of your avatar's true power. However――"
There are three silhouettes in the forest far behind Nanase.They're watching us.
Nanase: "All five of us are here."
Fuchur rushes up to the black dragon, and bites into its throat like a vise.
Izawa: "Fuck you, Takatou......I knew you......"
Nanase: "You may find it hard to believe, but I had no intention of doing this."
Nanase: "However, there are many like you who fight back, so......"
Izawa: "Pipsqueak! What about the shield!?"
Mayuki: "No good. It's too unresponsive with only three of us. I have to fully deploy it to defend in time!!"
A gravity field that blocks all sorts of attacks. They can't follow Fuchur's movements, but they can defend against it by fully deploying that field.
On the other hand, the black shield consumes a tremendous amount of "magic." When there's no magic left, the dragon can't do anything.
Benio: "Izawa――――!"
Fuchur's fangs penetrate the armor on its neck.They dig deep into the black dragon's body, making it gasp in agony.
Nanase: "Izawa-san, can we talk about this? Or do you want to keep going?"
Izawa: "――Don't you dare......underestimate me!!!"
The dragon lowers its posture.It drags the enemy down with it as it shifts its center of gravity.
Nanase: "――!?"
Nanase didn't expect this at all.She reacts too slowly, and for a moment Fuchur stumbles.
The black dragon takes its split-second opportunity to spin around, swinging its tail to knock Fuchur off its feet.
Fuchur's fangs don't let go, so centripetal force pulls it up into the air.
With a thunderous sound, the green dragon is thrown aside.
The black dragon stands proudly over Fuchur lying on the ground.
Because it had to tear Fuchur off by force, big parts of its armor are missing around the throat. Still, Fuchur's the one lying motionless on the ground.
Nanase: "How did you――"
Nanase's eyes open wide.
Nanase: "I can't believe......a coμ formed only a few days ago can control a Georgios this well――"
David: "Nanase, can you remember any other avatar that fought this well against Fuchur with only three connectors?"
Nanase: "No――
None......"
David: "Either that black dragon is a monster, or he has some exceptional talent......"
Their surprise is close to terror now.
Izawa: "Haha, why are you just standing there!?"
The pitch-black dragon shakes the ground.It swings its arms down on Fuchur like hammers.
David: "Don't go easy on them! We can still talk after tearing its limbs off!"
As Nanase cowers from the surprise, David shouts at her, telling her to fight harder. They can win a five on three fight.
Nanase: "Y-yes......!"
Nanase focuses her mind on the battlefield.
====================C003_088 切り札の価値_0531.json====================
I felt the activation signal a while ago.
That sensation arises whenever the dragon is "summoned" into this world, no matter how far away I am.
But just knowing it was summoned doesn't tell me who did it or where.
In any event, it's clear someone is in a situation where they needed to summon, unless they just felt like playing with it.
We ride in tandem on my moped. I met up with Kagome on the way, so she's sitting behind me.
Benio just texted me their location――Takakura Central Park.
Akihito: "Why do all of these people keep causing trouble!?"
Kagome: "Men who waste their breath are harmful to the environment, Akihito."
When I get "within range" the "circuit" connecting me to it switches on. I'm "loaded" in. I can't say no.
Four wills are loaded into the dragon. Benio, Mayuki, Izawa, and me.
Akihito: "If they're in the park――"
Kagome: "They're probably deep in the forest to avoid the public eye."
Akihito: "Hold on tight!"
I push down on the accelerator and drive into the darkness of the trees.
After I break through into a clearing――I'm in the middle of a fantasy.
A black dragon and a green dragon. I'm in the middle of a clash of titans.
Akihito: "――――――"
The green dragon lies on the ground, at the black dragon's feet. It tries to struggle to its feet, but Izawa mercilessly swings down his arms.
At one side of the forest stands a man and a woman, and some of their friends behind them.
Those are probably the people controlling this green dragon. Unlike the people controlling the giant and the scarlet hound, they're showing themselves as they fight us.
Benio: "Akihito-kun! Kagome-san!"
Mayuki: "Ooooh, the unexpected newcomers arrive......"
Kagome: "Hmph, show-offs."
Akihito: "What the hell are you doing!? What's going on here!?"
I leave my moped behind and run up to Izawa.
Izawa: "Shut up, don't get in the way! If you can't tell by looking then stay quiet and watch!!"
Nanase: "Five against five......we're evenly matched now......"
David: "Nanase, this is bad! Do it now!"
Nanase: "But......that's......"
David: "We can't afford to go easy on them anymore! They knocked Fuchur to the ground with only three people!!"
Nanase: "――! 
......you're......right. Okay then.
――――Fuchur!!"
Akihito: "―――Cut this out right now! You're fighting a woman, you know that!?"
Izawa: "Shut up!!"
Izawa kicks me without warning. I dodge it.
Akihito: "Stop trying to beat up everything that disagrees with you!"
Izawa: "We don't have time for your bullshit! I'll kill you!"
Mayuki: "You're trying to act like a "feminist" in this situation?"
Kagome: "Akihito is the type who can't resist his urge to lick any prominent collarbone he sees."
Akihito: "I have no fetish like that, and you know it!"
Benio: "Akihito-kun!! They're―――"
Benio shouts desperately.
The green dragon awkwardly picks itself up, its steel armor grating.
Izawa watches his prey recover after he failed to finish it off. His expression is almost sensual. The joy of combat spurs him to uncontrollable laughter.
Izawa's the kind of person who doesn't need a reason to fight. As long as there's an enemy, that's enough reason for him to go crazy without hesitation.
Ferocious and brutal. A man too dangerous for anyone to handle. On top of that, his instincts are so good he managed to get the upper hand in a three on five fight.
Kagome: "They seem to have more up their sleeve, Akihito."
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The pitch-black dragon stands tall like a god, raising its head as it roars menacingly.
The green dragon then moves back and puts both hands on the ground.It leans very far forward, like a sprinter at the starting line.
The green dragon isn't human-shaped.Charging forward from that position would be too unnatural.
Benio: "It ran away――Or not?What? ......my ears are ringing?"
A moment later, her ears start ringing. A steel humming, sung by the green dragon. A shrill but confined sound. It stabs our craniums even if we cover our ears.
Akihito: "Izawa, something's not right."
Izawa: "Later! I need to take that thing out right――"
My vision shakes. The green dragon's song is low and dull.
――No.
It's those wings singing, not the dragon.A pair of wings reaching to the sky from its shoulders.It rings out like wingbeats. Moaning. Moaning. My vision shakes again.
Nanase: "The third and final reason why you cannot win―――"
The woman with graceful hips stands beside the singing dragon, with the face of a judge declaring a capital punishment. She proclaims it firmly and coldly.
The woman's eyes are covered in fear and anger. Izawa glares through them. Terror and animosity are two sides of the same coin. She has to defeat us because she fears us.
Benio: "――――Huh? What's this weird......?"
Benio stumbles. She falls to her knees like a drunkard. She can't support herself.
Akihito: "Hey, keep it toge――"
Before I can finish, I notice my legs are wobbling too.
Mayuki: "Wha......everything's shaking......"
Nanase: "The most vulnerable part of an avatar is the group of humans controlling it."
Izawa: "You bitch......!"
Nanase: "I honestly didn't want to do this. Fuchur's "Song of Ende" affects a large area no matter how hard we try to focus it."
Nanase: "If we wanted to, this song could erase an entire building without a trace――"
Nanase: "But don't worry, tonight it will only render you immobile."
The song of Ende――
Vibrations produced by Fuchur's wings that can interfere with the forces holding all substances together. It truly is a song.
Given enough time, the song of Ende can pulverize any substance.
But Fuchur is controlled by the wills loaded into it.
The woman said they could erase a building if they wanted.Defeating an enemy wouldn't take that much time or power.They only need to disturb the frail human element.
Stone, steel, and humans are all composed of the same particles.There's no way to prevent the song of Ende from affecting them.
Nanase: "――――How?"
There shouldn't be a way――――
The black dragon inches closer.Under the blessing of the song of Ende echoing up to the heavens, its fourteen eyes burn red as its obsidian body heaves.
Darkness spreads out. Anger in the air groans.Ten points cutting through the world itself.A gravity shield controlled by the dragon.
It blocks even the song.Sound and waves are all swallowed up by the darkness.
Mayuki: "――It's fully deployed, so it won't last long......"
Mayuki releases the black shield, as if getting payback for some old grudge.
Nanase: "Fuchur!"
Fuchur answers the woman by singing even louder.The song of Ende is played stronger, fiercer, clearer.
However...
Black.Black.Black.Black.Black darkness――
The prayer of Ende isn't answered.The black rejects all blessings and confessions.The ringing in our ears quiets down. It grows distant, faint and ephemeral.
Akihito: "......not good."
It looks like we gained the advantage, but nothing actually changed.It won't take long for us to run out of "magic" and lose the shield.If we can't defeat the enemy before then, we still lose.
Charge forward and attack――No good.We're doomed unless the "shield" is protecting us.
Continue glaring at each other――Also no good.We'll probably run out of energy first.
Izawa: "Hey, use that thing we killed the giant with!"
The black fire we shot on the hill.
Akihito: "We can't use that in the middle of the city!"
Benio: "He's right! And it'd kill those people too! What are you thinking, you villain!?"
Izawa: "......if you brats won't do it, then I will."
Benio: "You think I'm gonna let you!?"
Kagome: "Akihito."
The witch has been behind us all this time, but at some point she started walking off.
Toward the battlefield where the two beasts face off, as if going on an evening stroll.
Kagome: "That wasn't a bad trick, but she made just one mistake."
Akihito: "What......do you mean......?"
The long-haired woman standing next to the green dragon. I don't know her name.
Kagome: "Her mistake was――"
Kagome: "Declaring war on me."
Declaring war means being exterminated. That's the black witch's rule.
Akihito: "Kagome, wait a min――"
Kagome: "Titmouse, flat-chest......move the dragon forward."
Nanase: "――――――!"
The pitch-black dragon inches forward.It closes in on the enemy with a slow walk.
That dragon is blocking the song of Ende. She can't imagine what power it must be using, but it's protecting the connectors as well as the avatar.
Nanase: "But if it's that powerful――"
The avatar should be consuming energy faster.
That's why the black dragon is moving forward.It has to reach Fuchur with its fangs before it runs out of magic and can no longer defend against the "song."
The dragon's moving slowly to ensure the humans at its feet remain protected. They're walking together.
David: "Nanase, this is our chance."
Nanase: "Yes, we need to separate them from their avatar."
Whatever that power is, it has a limited range. If they can pull them apart, the song of Ende will break the connectors' wills.
Nanase: "Fuchur!!"
The green dragon neither runs nor hides.The black monster moves slowly toward it.
Power and risk are two sides of the same coin. That's another law.
Fuchur is no exception. As long as it's "singing," it can't move much.
Nanase's waiting for the moment when the enemy aims for its neck.
Nanase: "――――Checkmate."
Everything happens as Nanase planned―――
The black dragon with its arching neck closes in.At the last moment, Fuchur's fangs pierce deep into the pitch-black armor on its neck for a second time.
Now it just has to pull it down――――
Or so she thought.
Nanase: "Eh――――?"
She can't believe what she sees.
Kagome's running.
At first, she jogged, but with each step she accelerated.She matches the dragon's speed.
Fuchur stands in her way.
Black and green. Two sets of fangs collide.A hurricane of steel rampages right in front of her.
A storm of death that would cut through any human like a buzz saw.
Just nine steps.
With just nine steps, Kagome slips under the storm of death.Without a moment's hesitation, dancing between death and death.The monsters' battle continues behind her.
There's nothing between Nanase and the witch now.
She sprints.
David: "Nana――――"
An inexplicable terror makes David take control of Fuchur.
She is coming.
She slips right past the fighting avatars. It can only be called magic.
――A witch.
That word comes to mind.
David targets the witch with Fuchur, knowing he can't let her get any closer.
But...
The black dragon bites into Fuchur from the left. It can't move anymore.
David: "Ah――――"
The woman is right in front of them.
A ghastly smile like a knife.
In the witch's right hand is a snake-like white blade reflecting the bluish moonlight――
Benio: "Hinaori-san!?"
Benio's scream is wiped out by the clashing dragons.
Mayuki: "Uwa......"
Izawa: "That snake――――!"
The black dragon moved forward both to keep Fuchur busy and to keep blocking the song of Ende, which secured the witch's path.
Humans are the most fragile part. They revealed their own weakness.
The man jumps in front of Kagome, as if to defend the woman.
Brave, but pointless. You can't defeat the witch with courage or wisdom.
Kagome touches the man's shoulder with her left hand.
An incomprehensibly complex movement causes the man's head to slam into the ground.
Magic――
You don't need huge monsters to defeat your enemies.A needle with a single drop of poison is enough to kill any despot.The right kind of power used the right way. That's more than enough.
Kagome smiles at her new prey.The woman freezes in terror, like an herbivore staring at a carnivore.
Izawa: "Haha, don't just stand there like a dumbass!"
Kagome's actions are visible to both sides.The surprise distracts them, causing Fuchur to slow down.
Izawa isn't a nice enough guy to let an opening like that go. The pitch-black dragon bites into Fuchur's defenseless shoulder, and swings it around.
Fuchur flies through the air, like a huge tree torn out of the ground.
Izawa: "You're finished! Time to die!!"
Benio: "Stooop!!"
Benio's scream. However, words won't stop Izawa's fuse once it's lit.
Akihito: "――――!"
I quickly give a "stop" command. Four wills are loaded into it.They clash inside the dragon's body as the other three wish it to stop.
One versus three―――The scales moving the dragon tilt to one side.
The pitch-black dragon lurches to a halt, as if someone turned it off.
A knife glints sharply beside Nanase's carotid artery as she lies pressed against the ground.
A bent blade, quite thick and crude for a knife, so it's better to call it a snake.
Nanase can't move. She starts feeling pain after a short delay, and her vision turns black.
Kagome: "Checkmate."
The real witch snickers.
====================C003_089 コミュの秘密_0531.json====================
Benio explained to me what happened. It gave me a slight headache.
Akihito: "Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "......what?"
She answers, but her glasses aren't facing me.
Akihito: "I know Izawa's a punk, but why the hell are you picking fights too?"
Mayuki: "............there's no real reason for you to complain, Akihito-san."
Mayuki: "We each have equal power over this dragon. Or do you think you're our leader, Akihito-san?"
What exactly are we?
Mayuki hits on a fundamental question. We're strangers suddenly put together one day. No more, no less.
We're connected to the dragon, and we can move it. That's the only thing tying us together.
Benio: "Don't talk like that, Mayuki!!"
She approaches her with eyebrows pointed down.
Mayuki: "............"
Akihito: "Benio, you need to remember people are trying to kill you. You're in more danger than any of us."
Benio: "Eh? Eeeeh......but I had a reason to come out here, I did think about that......"
Kagome: "So your brain is as lackluster as your chest."
Benio: "Muuuuu!!!!?"
Izawa: "Stop acting like the fucking leader."
A bitter face. Izawa presses his temple, as if enduring a headache.
Akihito: "I never said I wanted that kind of responsibility."
The black dragon team, with zero unity. After finishing our internal debate we turn back to the woman standing next to the forest.
Takatou Nanase. Leader of the team controlling Fuchur, the green dragon.
Nanase: "............"
Nanase folds her arms with a pale face. As she looks at Kagome, fear runs deep in her eyes. She rubs her neck unconsciously.
Her position on the food chain was clearly determined when that knife touched her.
One more page in Kagome's legend as a traumatizer.
Nanase: "I'm an envoy of the Round Table."
Nanase speaks heavily.
Benio: "Round......Table?"
Nanase: "Yes. We're a group organized to protect Coμnet."
Nanase: "Silence to our newly awakened brethren, and peace to the kingdom――"
Nanase: "That is our role."
Izawa snorts unhappily. Kagome continues glaring coldly at them. Benio and Mayuki ask intently.
Nanase: "Two years ago, the first coμ appeared in this city."
Coμ――The term for a group of five people connected to an avatar.
Nanase: "I was in one of those first-generation coμs, and we created the Round Table."
Nanase: "We give guidance to those of us who will awaken in the future, and try to prevent conflicts with normal society."
Izawa: "Haha, 
so you're our king."
Nanase: "That is not true. We――――"
Nanase: "......I would like to explain it in more detail, but perhaps another day. I need to take David to the hospital."
Akihito: "......you overdid it, Kagome-san."
Kagome: "I kill my enemies. I also kill those who disobey me. Either way, I'll kill Akihito."
Akihito: "You're just a terrorist."
Nanase: "Umm, please take this......"
She timidly hands us a business card.
Nanase: "You can contact me anytime. Also――"
Nanase: "If you access the website on that card, you should find most of the information you need."
We scrutinize the undecorated paper rectangle.
Akihito: "Well, thank you for this."
Nanase: "Let's meet again sometime. I'm hoping to have you join the Round Table someday."
Takatou Nanase tells us that before leaving.
The next day.
My doorbell rings. I open the door, and a sulking dog comes in.
Izawa: "Outta the way."
Akihito: "This is my house, you hoodlum."
His attitude remains poor.
It's the middle of a weekday, but there are already four others in my living room.
Benio, Mayuki, Haru and Kagome.
With me and Izawa, that makes six.
Akihito: "Hey, where are you going?"
Izawa ignores us and walks across the room. He heads toward the corner where Kagome sits arrogantly.
Izawa: "Hey, you."
He calls to her rudely. Of course, Kagome ignores him.
He shows his teeth and reaches for the witch's collar. Kagome brushes his hand aside.
I thought she'd bend his joints backward enough to break them.
The Tokarev in Izawa's right hand comes down toward Kagome's forehead......
Kagome: "Try again, small fry."
Izawa's dead.......though he's still breathing.
Mayuki: "Now then, shall we begin?"
Mayuki leads the meeting as if nothing's happened. She's bolder than I thought.
All six of us are in the living room. We haven't all met up together since that night on the hill.
Mayuki: "I ended up staying here overnight after what happened yesterday. It took that long to read through the site that she linked."
Benio: "Okaaay. I'm still a refugee!"
Haru: "Benio-chan's been enjoying herself here all night? O-Haru-san's jealous."
Mayuki: "......this maid always turns to pink thoughts."
Izawa: "So, what's this big life-threatening problem you were talking about? I only came here because you wouldn't tell me."
Izawa's not happy immediately after reviving. He deserves praise just for coming back to life after attacking Kagome.
Akihito: "Just listen to her. We'll get to that part."
Izawa: "You don't seem to be treating this like a life-and-death matter."
Kagome: "Are you a neanderthal, titmouse?"
Kagome has her legs crossed arrogantly on the sofa. As usual, she owns this room more than I do.
Izawa: "Snake......I will kill you......someday......"
Akihito: "Five thousand yen on Izawa crying in shame."
Haru: "In that case, O-Haru-san puts ten thousand yen on him making a fool of himself."
No one's willing to take those bets. Izawa glares at us as if he wants to rip our faces off with his teeth.
Haru: "So what is it today? I hear you had a pretty big party you didn't invite O-Haru-san to."
Benio: "......this mini-evildoer started it."
Izawa: "――Do you want to die, Ironing Board!?"
They both pick on each other's size, causing a chain reaction. These creatures don't get along well.
Kagome: "Silence, titmouse."
And one of us likes throwing oil on fires.
Mayuki: "In any event, since some of us have skipped school to be here, I think we really should get started now."
The tiny girl interrupts at the right time. She adjusts her glasses to make herself look intelligent.
Mayuki: "Now then――"
Time for today's edition of 'Help Me, Mayuki-sensei!!'
Mayuki opens my laptop on the living room table. She brought it out here from the other room.
Benio: "I wish you were here yesterday, O-Haru-san......Mayu-Mayu betrayed me."
Haru: "Oooh, did she now? I didn't think O-Chibi-chan had it in her."
Mayuki: "It worked out all right in the end, didn't it? I didn't think you were the type to hold grudges, Benio-san."
Mayuki starts up a web browser and goes to the page Takatou Nanase told us about.
Benio: "Wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-whwhwhwhwhwhwha――!?"
Benio-san turns as red as apple candy. It's a typical porn site. A hardcore one.
Benio: "What is this!? Don't look at it!! This is a bad influence!!"
Mayuki: "That's right, Benio-san, you went to bed right away so you still haven't seen it. This is a typical hidden site."
She clicks a cleverly hidden link. The screen changes to solid black.
A cursor blinks in the middle, and Mayuki types in the password on Nanase's card. She ends up on the members page, logged in as a guest.
Haru: "Oooh, they put some thought into this."
Now we're on a dictionary site. It has the same format as Webpedia, the world-famous online encyclopedia.
There are index tabs for each letter of the alphabet and a search function. Clicking on things pulls up pages with more information.
Mayuki: "Anyone can add to this site once they're logged in, so it's maintained by volunteers. Sites like this are called wikis."
Mayuki: "This is made with the same software as Webpedia, so it's called Coμpedia."
Mayuki: "In layman's terms, this site is a beginner's guide to being a coμ."
Coμpedia is the work of several other groups who, like us, were suddenly given this power one day.
The collected rules and experience of those earlier coμs are recorded here for the rest of us.
―――Other coμs.
So there's enough connectors in Takakura City to maintain their own wiki.
Mayuki: "According to Coμpedia――"
――The first Girl A sighting was about two years ago.
That was also when the first coμ and avatar appeared in Takakura City.
No one knows what Girl A's after.
Girl A appears before people capable of becoming connectors, then causes them to awaken and be connected to an avatar.
Connectors――That's the word for people capable of being connected to avatars.
Connectors always come in groups of five, each of which is called a coμ (pronounced "comyu").
The members of a coμ are called its units. A coμ always starts with five units, never four or six. Even if one of them dies or goes missing, no one is ever added later.
Haru: "Coμs, connectors, units......because they "connect" to avatars......that's unimaginative."
Mayuki: "It really does need something else. They could have at least used "linker" or "controller" or something less obvious."
Benio: "I'm not sure those would be much better."
Community, communication, that's probably where "coμ" comes from."Bretheren" connected to the same avatar."Avatar" and "coμ" are the most common names, but there are lots of other terms out there. Arms, monstrums, pentagons and so forth.
An avatar appears for each coμ.
Each member of the coμ is supernaturally connected to their avatar at all times, no matter where they are or how far apart they are from each other.
Those connections cannot be severed.
When a connector summons the avatar, the connection becomes active and he or she is "loaded" into it like a bullet.
Any connector loaded into their avatar can freely control it.
But if a connector is too far away from their avatar, the connection weakens and it becomes impossible to "load" them, just as Izawa couldn't connect during our summoning experiment.
Avatars move using the souls and wills of the humans they're connected to. The coμ serves as the avatar's fuel, its soul, and operates all of its motor functions.
Five people control an avatar. If someone's missing, that makes it harder on the others. The more you're missing, the slower and weaker the avatar gets.
How many people are connected to the avatar is very important when using it.
Mayuki: "But there's a fun detail about that."
Haru: "Fun? Can it dance or something?"
Mayuki: "It works when everyone's on the same page, but if there's any disagreement, the majority wins."
Five people are connected. No more, no less. Each of us has exactly the same one-fifth control.
The avatar follows all of our orders equally. If conflicting orders arise, it tries to follow both and shuts down.
Just like gears trying to turn against each other. Each person's vote carries perfectly equal weight.
Izawa: "......this is such a pain."
So even if one of them does something undesirable, it's easy for the other four to stop him.
Mayuki: "Now then, we're about to get to the good stuff. This is just like a super school battle manga, so brace yourselves."
Mayuki: "We have categories and classes."
Benio: "Categories? Come to think of it, Nanase-san used that word."
Mayuki: "Avatars are split into six different categories, based on their appearance and abilities."
Mayuki: "Obviously ours looks like a dragon, but we've seen humanoid and animal-like shapes already."
Mayuki: "Every avatar has its own unique appearance. Technically, no two are exactly alike."
Mayuki: "But there are a bunch of common patterns, so it makes sense to put them into categories."
Mayuki: "There's lots of systems for doing that, but the most common is the eight-six system, which has six types of avatar."
Six avatar categories, each defined by a set of attributes. Coμpedia lists seven attributes.
Attack - Detection - Agility - Defense - Magic - Abilities - Control
Attack, agility and defense are familiar attributes from RPGs.Detection also means exactly what it sounds like."Magic" refers to the total amount of energy an avatar has.Avatars consume magic as long as they exist in our world, more so when they do something dramatic in combat.
Using all of it up cancels the summon, making them disappear back into the swirling light of the gate."Abilities" refers to the strength of any special powers the avatar has.
A particularly powerful special ability can be worth more than any other statistic."Control" refers to how hard it is to control the avatar.Since humans control them, the human-shaped avatars are easiest to control, and the less human-like ones are harder.
Mayuki: "The six types of avatar are as follows."
IvanhoeAttack: C  Detection: C  Agility: B  Defense: CMagic: C   Abilities: C  Control: A
GevaudanAttack: D  Detection: C  Agility: A  Defense: DMagic: B   Abilities: B  Control: B
PantagruelAttack: B  Detection: C  Agility: C  Defense: BMagic: D   Abilities: C  Control: A
CasparAttack: D  Detection: A  Agility: B  Defense: CMagic: B   Abilities: B  Control: B
BurroughsAttack: D  Detection: B  Agility: C  Defense: CMagic: A   Abilities: A  Control: B
GeorgiosAttack: A  Detection: C  Agility: C  Defense: AMagic: B   Abilities: A  Control: C
Izawa: "......the hell is this?"
Benio: "Which of these is our dragon avatar?"
Haru: "It is a dragon, so isn't it Georgios? Though it's pretty different from the sample picture here."
Benio: "Nanase-san's Fuchur is Georgios, right?"
Mayuki: "Georgios is one of the rarer and more powerful categories. The main flaw is that it's hard to control."
Mayuki: "There's a lot of variance within each category, so they won't all look like this."
Mayuki: "There are also some avatars that don't fit in any of these established categories."
Mayuki: "But I think our black dragon is probably a type of Georgios."
Benio: "Hmmmm......Aaah, come to think of it――"
A lightbulb goes off over Benio's head.
Benio: "Can we really keep calling it "the dragon?" Nanase-san's had a name, after all."
Mayuki: "I see, a name......
that's not a bad idea for you, Benio-san.Let's come up with a cool name for it!"
Benio: "What do you mean "for me!?""
Akihito: "Now that you mention it, it would be more convenient if we gave it a name."
Izawa: "......this is stupid."
Mayuki: "Any good ideas?"
Benio: "Why does it have to be me......?Hmmm, it's a black dragon, so...
Black Devil!"
Akihito: "Lame......"
Akihito: "Dragon, dragon, dragon......Nogard――"
Kagome kicks me from behind.
Akihito: "What was that!?"
Kagome: "Divine retribution."
Haru: "Black Boy~"
Benio: ".................."
Akihito: "Why does that name sound slightly indecent?"
Kagome: "I am amazed at how easily Akihito's brain connects things to indecency. Bravo, bravo."
Haru: "What about Blackie or Rex?"
Akihito: "It's not a dog."
Mayuki: "I'd really prefer something amazing, cool, and dramatic."
Izawa: "Hey, stop wasting all this time arguing about things that don't matter. Get back to the point."
Benio: "But it's inconvenient not to have a name for it, right?"
Akihito: "She's right, Izawa, do you have any ideas? ......maybe it's pointless to ask."
Izawa: "Ha! Who cares what its name is."
Kagome: "Oooh."
Benio: "......what? Why the overconfident smile?"
Izawa: "Just pick something that sounds black and foreign."
Izawa: "It's easy.Like Micke――Gff!?"
Kagome delivers a crushing blow to his adam's apple with only her middle finger.
Izawa rots on the floor.
Kagome: "Phew, that was dangerous."
Akihito: "You're far more dangerous than him......"
Izawa: "I'll kill you......someday, I will kill you......"
Kagome: "Hmph."
So savage it's almost cute.
Benio: "Anyway, a name."
Little Miss Justice is cold to Izawa.
Akihito: "Still no good ideas..."
Haru: "How about............
Babylon?"
Akihito: "Huh......that's not bad. What is it?"
Haru: "I think it was some ancient city......maybe the center of some empire. Or maybe it was a dragon......"
Benio: "That doesn't sound bad at all."
Mayuki: "It doesn't."
Izawa: "Ha!"
The black dragon's name has been decided. Kasukabe Haru has named it.
It is "Babylon."
After choosing a name, we pause for a bit, then resume 'Help Me, Mayuki-sensei!'
Mayuki: "In addition to "categories" for avatars, the connectors are split into "classes.""
Benio: "Why?"
Mayuki: "Each connector is suited to different things. They're split into eight types based on what they're best at controlling."
Benio: "That sounds kinda cool......so how do we know what we are?"
Mayuki: "Do you remember when we first connected to the avatar? Whatever popped into your mind first, and how you answer these questions will determine what you're good at."
Haru: "Hmmm......what's O-Haru-san?"
Benio: "Which am I?"
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "Hey! Don't push people, Izawa."
Izawa: "......shut up. Show me already."
We all run through the questionnaire.
Haru: "It says O-Haru-san's a Mage."
Izawa: "......Fighter?"
Benio: "R-Rogue......?"
Mayuki: "I'm a Priest?"
Akihito: "......what does a Bishop do?"
There are eight classes in total. Four basic classes and four special ones.
The basic classes――Fighter, Rogue, Mage, and Priest.
The special classes――Lord, Bishop, Samurai, and Ninja.
Akihito: "I-I'm one of the special classes? Is that a good thing?"
Mayuki: "......it does look like those are less common."
Kagome: "......"
Benio: "Wa! Wa! You're a rare class! That's so cool!"
Haru: "Not bad."
Izawa: "Keh!"
Mayuki: "Each class also has attributes. Attack, Detection, Movement, and Defense. Some people have additional special skills."
Akihito: "What kind of skills?"
Mayuki: "Having more endurance than your class normally does, being able to make your avatar do something special......well, they're rare, so any of them would be a nice bonus."
Mayuki: "There are more complex sub-attributes, but that's just confusing so I'll skip it."
Mayuki: "Each class's attributes determine what it's good at making the avatar do."
Mayuki: "For example, if Attack, Detection, Movement, and Defense are our attributes, Fighters are 10-6-3-6, and Mages are 3-6-10-6."
Mayuki: "Since Fighters have 10 for Attack, when they spend ten magic attacking with the avatar they do ten damage――"
Mayuki: "But a Mage would only do 3 damage."
Benio: "W-weak!"
Akihito: "So that's what Izawa's good at."
Izawa: "Tsk, sounds like a pain."
Mayuki: "I'll summarize everyone's class now――"
Mayuki: "First, Fighter."
They excel in controlling avatars in close combat. The mainstay of any fight.
Mayuki: "Next, Rogue."
They excel in locating enemies and long-range combat. They also receive the most sensory information from the avatar, so they're important when the avatar's out of visual range.
Mayuki: "And Priest."
In charge of the avatar's defenses. They control how the avatar deals with damage, so they're important in a boring way. If the avatar has any defensive powers, they control them too.
Mayuki: "And now Mage."
They specialize in the avatar's movement. Avatars with an especially good Mage can be downright acrobatic.
Akihito: "What about me?"
Mayuki: "The Bishop? Let's see......your attributes are 7-7-7-7.A jack of all trades and master of none."
Akihito: "......seriously?"
Mayuki: "So you can fight, but not as well as a Fighter, and you can search for enemies, but not as well as a Rogue――"
Mayuki: "You can defend, but not as well as a Priest, and you can move but not as well as a Mage."
Haru: "Not that useful."
Akihito: "............"
Mayuki: "You can replace anyone, but if all the specialized classes are around, we don't really need you."
Akihito: "You don't need me!?"
Izawa: "Hu! Hahaha, that's perfect for you."
Haru: "Oh my.Well, good luck."
Benio: "......"
Akihito: "........................"
Kagome: "It suits you well, Akihito."
Akihito: "I'm not happy with it!"
Mayuki: "Bishop is one of the rare classes, so it does have a special skill."
Mayuki: "You can support everyone else, so when we're all connected we all get a buff from you."
Mayuki: "Also......in addition to that overall support, it's common for Bishops to handle the avatar's special abilities. In Babylon's case, that'd be the black fire."
Akihito: "Th-that doesn't feel much better......"
Mayuki: "These numbers are just standard values. Every avatar and connector is a little different. Experience and technique also play a big role."
Mayuki: "Also, because of the avatar's special abilities, it's never just about stats."
Avatars have their own individual "abilities." Those are their true power, their trump card. For instance, the song of Ende, or Babylon's black fire.
Akihito: "So that black fireball Babylon can shoot is its special ability?"
Mayuki: "What do you think it was exactly?"
Akihito: "I guess......a gravity field?"
Since I'm connected to the dragon, I understand that somehow.
Mayuki: "So Babylon's ability is controlling gravity. The fireball is just one application of that."
Mayuki: "Generally speaking, the stronger an avatar is, the harder it is to control. It's harder on the coμ connected to it, so it usually operates slower."
Mayuki: "If a "heavy" avatar's coμ can't process enough information, or not all five of them are present――"
Akihito: "It won't be able to move properly."
Mayuki: "That's the end of the basic explanation."
Clap clap.
Mayuki: "So this means we're all brothers in arms. Our souls are connected."
Benio: "Yeah, we're friends."
Izawa: "Ha!"
Izawa laughs at those words.
Akihito: "This is serious, you know."
Izawa: "Huh? This is a joke. What do you think it is?"
Akihito: "Mayuki, was there more you wanted to say?"
Izawa looks wary. The beast has sharp instincts.
Mayuki: "We're connected whether we want to be or not, sharing a single life."
Izawa: "......what do you mean, pipsqueak?"
Mayuki: "The avatar is connected to our minds. We can't sever that connection."
Izawa: "You told us that already."
Mayuki: "So if the avatar is destroyed, our minds go with it."
Izawa: "――――――――"
A heavy truth is revealed quite casually.Haru and Benio look at each other.Kagome remains silent since she knew that already.
Izawa: "What the hell does that mean?"
Akihito: "What she just said. This avatar is a bomb wrapped around our necks."
Once we're connected, we can't get away from it.
If we lose the avatar, all five of us die at once. No exceptions. We're literally sharing our lives with each other.
Izawa: "......cut the crap."
Akihito: "She's serious. There's a downside to everything. It wouldn't make any sense if this monster didn't come with any strings attached."
Izawa: "............"
Akihito: "So we just have to make sure our avatar doesn't get destroyed."
Getting wounded, or even having its limbs torn off won't affect the connectors at all.
But when it's destroyed, when the avatar completely stops functioning, the whole coμ dies.
Izawa: "So if you guys fuck up while I'm not around I bite the dust with you?"
Akihito: "You're the only one using the dragon by yourself, so you'll probably fuck up first."
Izawa: "......are you picking a fight now?"
Haru: "Hey, does that mean all those group deaths were......"
Everyone looks at each other when Haru remembers that.
The group deaths. The alleged suicide pacts. Sudden deaths with no clear cause that occur only in Takakura City. They always die of heart failure.
At least a few people, sometimes more. Sometimes they're together, sometimes they're not. But they all died at exactly the same moment, as if someone planned it.
Kagome: "Clever maid."
Haru: "So that's it......those deaths are all people whose avatars got destroyed."
Benio: "Does that mean......if Babylon gets killed......we all die too......?"
Kagome: "Just don't let anyone destroy it."
Izawa: "You bitch......just because you're not in the group......"
Kagome answers with a cold smile.
It isn't her problem. Kagome's the only outsider here. She's not connected to the dragon. She just happened to be there.
Mayuki: "Anyway, this means we should be more careful with it from now on. In retrospect, picking that fight with Fuchur was really stupid......"
Izawa: "Tsk!"
Benio: "............there are people out there trying to destroy it."
Benio remains seated, clenching her hands tight.
Her hands are shaking. She's biting her lips. Her white skin is pale. An emotion similar to rage, with terror mixed in.
The giant. The hound. Benio was their first target. Right now, they're probably still after her.
Akihito: "I think I know what they're after now."
Benio: "You do!?"
Mayuki and I nod together.
Mayuki: "Back on topic, an avatar's parameters are determined when it first appears, and after that they generally never change."
Benio: "......isn't that a different topic?"
Akihito: "We're getting there."
Mayuki: "Those initial stats determine who's weaker or stronger, so the strong stay strong and the weak stay weak."
Benio: "How strong is Babylon?"
Mayuki: "Being Georgios is pretty good already, and the basic parameters are quite high. Plus that special ability......that's almost a cheat."
Mayuki: "So, now for the part that'll make your heart skip a beat――"
Benio: "......mine's already doing that."
Mayuki: "There is one way to improve your starting parameters......you might say, a way to level up."
Haru: "You can do that?"
Mayuki: "Unfortunately, you can."
Izawa: "Why's it unfortunate? The stronger the better."
Mayuki: "Well......you'll notice there is no "level up" article on Coμpedia. It's not something people like to talk openly about."
Benio: "Why not?"
Mayuki: "I searched some image board backlogs and found other hidden sites that had information on this."
Mayuki: "You level up by destroying other avatars."
Benio: "Eh? ......wait, but...that means...they......"
Mayuki: "They all die. So――"
Killing other coμs is the only way to level up.Avatars grow more powerful by absorbing the souls of others, turning them to corpses.
......so it's a standard experience points system.
Benio: "That's just――――――――"
Akihito: "The guys controlling that giant and the hound are called BKs."
BKs. Beginner Killers. They're also called Sharks.
To level up their own avatars, they hunt down the easiest possible targets: beginners.
At the moment, there's no way to distinguish connectors from normal humans. But there are ways to search for them.
One day, someone, somewhere, sees Girl A. They see her when they're sleeping and when they're awake. The first thing they want is information.
It probably isn't that hard to find a couple beginners grasping for straws on the internet.
Then they try to act helpful, and close in......
We probably fell victim to something like that.
Akihito: "――――――"
And they were there on that hill.
BKs――――
They don't kill the coμ, but destroy the avatar. Partly for fun, without resolve or regret, but there is a consequence.
The destroyed avatar leaves five deaths behind, in exchange for someone getting an experience point.
――I remember the red color.
A feeling like black heat swells up as I think about our unseen "enemy."It's like anger, but darker.
Swinging your sword partly for fun.If you've totally lost it, that's kinda funny.If you have a grudge against someone, I might even agree with doing it.
But――
This is different. This is just hedonistic.
The worst kind of monster, who swings its blades without ever facing the consequences of its actions.
Benio: "What's wrong? You look scary......"
Akihito: "――――Ah, sorry."
I can't erase the past. It's not like my phone's call history. It always floats to the surface of the rusty sea in my heart.
It can be found anywhere in this gentle kingdom. A little ill will is perfectly commonplace.
Such things appear before me all the time, like a never-ending nightmare.
Benio: "W-wait a minute......that means......"
Benio just realized the other problem. The blood drains from her face.
Benio: "That giant we destroyed......also......"
Mayuki: "......yes, there's no exception to that rule."
Kagome: "That makes sense."
Izawa: "......tsk, who cares about that? We would've been killed if we didn't kill them."
Izawa finally says "we."
Haru: "O-Haru-san agrees. We almost died there, so isn't it self-defense?"
Benio: "But......"
Benio remains sad to the end.
The answer to that last question was simple, as expected. Risk and reward.
If something seems too good to be true, it isn't.
====================C004_010 コミュネット01_030100.json====================
828 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 06:30:55Another peaceful day in the Coμnet
829 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 06:35:11
Who chose "Coμnet" as the collective term for all coμs? Anyone know?
830 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 07:01:48no idea
831 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 07:15:20Didn't people say it was internet slang?
832 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 08:46:01A friend of mine just awakened, and turns out he's a Bishop
833 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 09:09:00Stay on topic
834 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 12:30:52lol, calling him a spammer?
835 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 13:04:17
I think Bishops are pretty convenient, but I guess they aren't popular here
836 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 13:05:01・・・・・（´д｀） No, absolutely not
837 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 16:42:30Master of nothing lol
838 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 17:08:42
>>828I dunno about peaceful. There's lots of rumors about coμ hunters lately
839 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 17:30:22
People saying other coμs got taken out and they're gonna be next or something
840 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 17:31:59What should the next thread title be?
841 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 18:01:09Worry about that after 950
====================C004_015 ドラッグ_0531.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "Nowhere in particular......"
It's raining outside. Gloom has been trickling down onto the asphalt since morning.
People and things moving every which way. In the shadows of the city, monsters sleep day and night.
Akihito: "Breakfast is ready."
I knock on a door on one side of the main hallway. No response.
Akihito: "Benio-saaan."
Benio: "......sorry, I'm not very hungry today......and......I'm on a diet."
An answer like a mosquito's buzz comes through the door, along with an excuse she just made up. I can hear her rustling around under her covers.
Akihito: "I'll shrinkwrap it and put it in the fridge. You can take it out when you're hungry."
Benio: "......okay. Thank you, Akihito-kun."
This is the third day of hiding for Takekawa Benio. It's not a great situation.
Kagome: "Such a fragile flat-chest. A gloomy roommate like that will make me break out in hives."
Akihito: "You're not our roommate!"
Kagome: "Because I'm your partner, not your roommate."
Kagome's in the living room now that she's done making breakfast.
Today's menu is pure Japanese. Sliced salmon, miso soup with tofu, and spinach on the side. It's squishy.
Kagome can do anything. Even cooking is easy for her, but... how to put it......it still feels like her.
Kagome: "Eat quickly. We'll be late."
Akihito: "......okay."
I sit down, put my hands together, then eat.
Akihito: "Benio's been depressed for a while, so maybe we should ask Mayuki to come? She's tougher than she looks......"
It's probably normal for Benio to be wallowing right now.
A rule of destruction was suddenly forced on her. Destroying an avatar causes all five to die.
But there's a far clearer reason for Benio to turtle up in her bed.
That night, when we shot the giant, somewhere a coμ we couldn't see died.
She got her hands dirty before she even had a chance to harden her resolve.
Kagome: "Kill or be killed. The flat-chest shouldn't need to be told that."
The witch smirks, saying this is a perfectly normal situation.
Not special, not even abnormal. Something that could have occurred anywhere in the world.
Defeating enemies is often the only way to save our own lives or those of others. That truth hurts Benio deeply.
Akihito: "Unlike you, normal people don't like these things even if they understand them."
The fact remains that we killed them. We can't undo that.
I remember the king's words.
Gasai: （What's right is neither good nor evil. It simply is.）
Where Benio will draw the line from now on is up to her.
I shouldn't get more involved than necessary. There's nothing I can do for her.
Kagome: "............"
She glares at me with scary eyes.
Akihito: "............what? Did I make you mad?"
Kagome: "Do you remember making me mad?"
Akihito: "......nope."
Kagome: "Then nothing is wrong."
After that, Kagome loses interest in the subject of Benio and grabs the remote. She flicks through channels with an unnecessary arrogance.
Kagome acts high and mighty three hundred and sixty-five days of the year, but for some reason I feel like she's blaming me for something I didn't do. I sit up straight like a short girl during a classroom inspection.
Akihito: "......gulp."
The wide-screen TV shows the caster's fake smile and some uninspired captions.
Today's top news is a series of official reports on recent political and economic difficulties, followed by opinions on the recent bombings for local news, then two children in critical condition after a car crash and a follow-up report on the ongoing group deaths――
This city is still full of commotion.
Akihito: "I have work today, so I'll be back late. Eat whatever you want from the fridge."
Benio: "......okay. See you later. Take care."
Maybe I'll buy her a cake on the way back. It's not bad to have something sweet together once in a while.
――It's called "Coμnet."
Many urban legends run rampant in Takakura City. Stories of unidentified monsters dominate them.
They aren't illusions, but real creatures.
Just how many coμs, how many connectors and avatars are there hiding in this city?
They call themselves, the world of connectors "Coμnet."
One part of the Coμnet calls itself the Round Table.
The oldest and largest political faction. Takatou Nanase's group is part of them.
It prides itself on maintaining peace and cooperation between connectors. Their influence over the Coμnet can't be ignored. Bluntly put, they're the king.
But a group's true nature is always different from its appearance. That's an inevitability. 
Hundreds of other things have to fall at the feet of law and order.
For example, the hottest topic in the Coμnet right now.
―――Coμ Hunters.
They attack whatever coμs they find, destroying avatars one after the other. They're even crazier than BKs.
And because they're connectors, it's never just one bloodthirsty monster. It's a group of five.
One theory is that they used to be BKs, but leveled up enough that now they want tougher prey.
Killing is of course a taboo subject even in the Coμnet, but the people who cross that line don't stop.
――――Black heat races through my veins.
The sprinkling rain from this morning is pouring heavily now that it's midday.
Izalone smells of old wood as I move the mop left and right. The time before we open is quite busy.
Akihito: "With all this rain, we might not get much business today."
Tianwen: "Huhuhu, that's true, indeed we might. So we get tonight all to ourselves, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "Uhuhuhuhuhu."
The Owner smiles like a spider spinning its web. I give a low dry laugh, telling him I'll cut him down if he dares approach me.
Tianwen: "It's so good to be young, geheheh."
Akihito: "That vulgar laugh isn't helping."
Tianwen: "Come to think of it, do you still see that ghost girl?"
Akihito: "Well, I guess you could say the exorcism worked. Eko Eko Azarak, Eko Eko Zamerak and all that."
Girl A hasn't appeared once since that night.
Rumor has it Girl A leaves as soon as the avatar is connected so she can start guiding a new set of connectors.
Some whisper that a second meeting can be achieved.
Some say that a second meeting reveals the truth of the coμs.
Some speak as if they have had a second meeting themselves.
Akihito: "Instead, a bunch of other troubles have come up so I always have something to worry about."
The scarlet beast――A Gevaudan avatar. We still know nothing about the BKs that attacked Benio.
Tianwen: "They say it's better to produce than to fear."
Akihito: "What about spending pocket change on cheap stuff?"
Tianwen: "That works too. Now, let's finish the preparations."
Just as I answer and start to focus on mopping again――
A phone call. The display shows Ayaya's name.
Akihito: "Good evening to you, Kouhai."
I greet her first.
Ayaya: "Good mordayvning to you, Senpai."
I can visualize her bowing politely.
Akihito: "What's wrong? You sound far away."
Ayaya: "There's something I wanted to ask you, Senpai."
Ayaya: "Umm, but before that......Senpai, are you familiar with the new heart?"
Akihito: "That's a pretty big area."
I have only been living here for half a year. It's gonna be a while before I become a walking encyclopedia of my area.
Ayaya: "Like the pleasure district......"
Akihito: "I do know a bit about that area, since I work near there."
Ayaya: "If I wanted to find a really tiny, narrow street there where no one would see what I'm doing, where would you recommend?"
Something feels wrong.
Akihito: "――Where are you right now?"
Ayaya: "............"
Akihito: "――What are you doing?"
I switch to interrogation.
Ayaya: "..................you could say I'm jumping and hiding and running around and going "Ayaya~" a lot right now......"
Akihito: "Idiot."
It's raining hard enough that just walking around outside makes water build up in your shoes. After answering Ayaya's question, I grab my umbrella and head out to that same alley.
Akihito: "Come on out."
A corner of the pleasure district. A narrow alleyway between buildings. She comes out from behind the curtain of rain.
Ayaya: "I'm sor――......"
Ayaya's head is drenched, so she must not have an umbrella. It's spring, but the sky's dark enough that it's still chilly.
Akihito: "Geez, you're gonna catch cold standing out here like that. Why didn't you just tell me where you were instead of running around like this?"
Ayaya: "I was trying to avoid causing trouble for you."
Akihito: "You getting sick would be worse trouble."
Ayaya: "D-does that mean could it possibly mean despite all the things you say you're secretly in love you're my sweetheart are you are you!?"
Akihito: "No, definitely not."
Ayaya: "Ayayaya~"
Akihito: "......who's the girl behind you?"
Ayaya: "Aaah, well, the short answer is......a friend."
Akihito: "Too simple."
Ayaya has someone else with her.She led a girl around her age out of the alley by the hand. She's walking awkwardly, like a mannequin.
Akihito: "Anyway, let's go somewhere else. Follow me."
Akihito: "Sorry for troubling you, Owner."
The pleasure district can be a dangerous place. If someone really wants to catch someone else, they'll post guards on all the exits leading to the business district.
In the rain, the pedestrians are few enough to count. It's hard to see, but moving things stand out. In the end, we decided hiding at Izalone was the safest move.
Tianwen: "I'm fine with it. Any gentleman would be proud to help a cute lady in distress. And you are the one asking, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "......you act chivalrous even though you're gay?"
Tianwen: "How rude. I can go either way, you know."
Tianwen: "That's right. Akihito-kun, this counts as a favor."
The Owner is a strict accountant.
The Owner takes Ayaya and the other girl to the staff room in the back. There's no one there now, and it has a shower attached.
Ayaya lowers her head politely and follows him. The other doesn't even say a word, much less bow.
Tianwen: "The girl behind her looked quite pale. She must be trouble."
He says something I don't like when he gets back.
Akihito: "......that's probably why she's paired up with someone harmless like Ayaya."
I continue mopping and try to brush it aside. The Owner still feels tenacious. I'm not happy about my future prospects.
Akihito: "......my private life has been full of trouble lately, so I'd prefer not to talk about it."
Tianwen: "Doesn't that depend entirely on you, Akihito-kun? Besides, what do you plan on doing with them?"
Akihito: "Maybe this is asking too much, but could we let them stay until we open? I'll take them to my room afterward."
Tianwen: "That's no good, Akihito-kun."
I stop mopping. The Owner is polishing a glass behind the counter. He looks more serious than usual, making me shake with fear.
Tianwen: "Do not worry, if worse comes to worst, I'll cover it up for two thousand yen."
Akihito: "It's that cheap!?"
Once the place is in order, I call a cab. I look around carefully as we get in.
I tell Ayaya and the other girl to get in the back so no one can see them from the outside.
As I feared, some suspicious-looking people are loitering around the exits to the business district.
We finally reach my apartment building. We head through the lobby, trying not to attract attention, and take the elevator to the fourteenth floor.
I open the door and bump right into Benio.
Despite not being very erotic, Benio is strangely defenseless. Those bare legs extending from her hot pants take me by surprise. Not bad.
Benio: "Ooa............"
Benio's expression changes with dizzying speed. Puzzlement to 
confusion to 
glaring. She's looking at the two girls behind me.
Benio: "......what? What's going on? Akihito-kun......are you a womanizer......?"
She holds her shoulders and steps back, looking as if she stepped on a bug.
Akihito: "Wait, listen to me first."
Ayaya: "Wh-wh-wh-wh-wh――"
Another problem brews right behind me. Ayaya points a shaking finger at Benio, with a face like someone sitting in an electric chair after the timer's been set.
Ayaya: "What is the meaning of this!? What could this be!? An unfamiliar woman in Senpai's house!? A womaaan!?"
Aaah, enough.
Kagome: "By the way, Akihito, doesn't seeing noisy dogs howling at the front door make you want to take a bath?"
Ayaya: "Gyawaaaaa!"
The worst thing of all comes out of the back room.
―――Pandemonium ensues.
Benio's on edge.
Ayaya's in shock.
Kagome's normal. She couldn't care less about other people.
And the last one――
Yoshimori: "......"
Yoshimori Minato. Ayaya finally told me her friend's name. She sits on the sofa, curled up, holding her knees.
Her clothes and hair are dry now, but she remains stiff like a stuffed animal, never opening her mouth.
Kagome: "Do you like picking up stray dogs, Akihito?"
Ayaya: "H-Hinaori-senpai......umm, well, Senpai's not the one who picked her up, actually."
Ayaya: "It's more like......we both picked her up, so......"
Kagome: "You prefer mice to cats, wet mouse?"
Ayaya: "......gyawa!"
A death match between the snake and the mouse. That'd be a bit one-sided.
Kagome loses interest and heads back to (my) bedroom.
Kagome: "――Drugs."
She whispers as she walks by me.
――Old memories. The red color. It stabs my chest.
Akihito: "That's kinda......"
Like the Owner said, this is serious.
People are after Yoshimori Minato because of a drug debt. She got addicted and couldn't pay for as much as she wanted.
Yoshimori: "......"
A common story with nothing especially interesting.
Since Yoshimori won't say anything, Ayaya explains it for her.
Ayaya: "Yoshimori-san's just shy. She talks a lot when it's just me and her."
That's probably in part due to Ayaya's energy.
Akihito: "I didn't expect you to have friends like this."
Ayaya Enishi is a bouncy but ordinary girl, yet her friend is the type of woman who gets addicted to drugs. It just doesn't feel right.
Akihito: "Is she your classmate?"
Ayaya: "Yoshimori-san's in the same year as me, though she doesn't come to school often."
Akihito: "Oooh, so some chance encounter turned into a dramatic meeting and the seeds of an unlikely friendship. There are miracles in our daily lives, after all."
Ayaya: "Not in the slightest. I wish it was that dramatic."
Ayaya: "I saw her running away from people earlier and figured she needed help so we became friends in a hurry."
Akihito: "That's even more dramatic!! Why'd you go out of your way to get mixed up in something that dangerous!?"
Ayaya: "Because it was dangerous. Aren't friends supposed to help each other out?"
Ayaya seems rather clueless about the situation.
She's a hardcore, genuine idiot. Not stupid or smart, just an idiot.
I remember our first meeting. She threw herself into trouble back then too.
Benio: "Wow! Seriously!? You're such a nice person!!"
Benio took a break from her seclusion to watch us from the kitchen. Now she closes in, grabs Ayaya's hand, and shakes it hard.
Ayaya: "A-ayayayayaya!???"
Benio: "People have to help each other! That's always the right thing to do! Don't you think so, Akihito-kun!?......what's with the face?"
Ayaya: "Senpai, you're making a really scary face. Like a Chow Chow crossed with a barracuda."
Akihito: "............"
A chemical reaction between justice and idiocy. The two most troublesome things in the world mix together to produce something even worse.
Akihito: "......I have encountered something truly impressive today."
Ayaya: "Did you just compliment Ayaya!?"
Ayaya throws both hands in the air. That means she's happy.
Yoshimori: "......Aya."
For the first time, I hear Yoshimori's voice.
A rough voice, probably because she's exhausted, but still the voice of an ordinary girl. Breathing so light, it's barely audible. A common characteristic of drug addicts.
Ayaya: "What's wrong? You look pale......"
Yoshimori: "......I feel cold."
Ayaya: "Did you catch a cold? We were out in the rain for a while......"
Akihito: "......you're doing pretty well."
Kagome: "And Akihito is far too stupid to catch a cold."
Akihito: "That doesn't even make sense!"
Ayaya: "Senpai Senpai Senpai!"
Akihito: "Yeah, I'll get a blanket out. My dad's room......is where Benio's sleeping, so......"
Akihito: "Use my bedroom for today. I'll sleep on the couch. There's no threshold, so be careful when you get changed."
Benio: "If we're out of rooms I can sleep on the――"
Akihito: "No, it's fine. Besides, then you'd have to get dressed out here."
Benio: "Uu......"
Now, the problem is what to do tomorrow.
She could sleep in the same room as Benio, but Benio has pretty serious problems of her own. Putting gloom and gloom together won't make anyone happy.
Akihito: "Also......I'm gonna be late tonight, so Ayaya, you stay here too."
Ayaya: "Ayayaya!? Are you sure that's okay!?"
Akihito: "I'm not heartless enough to throw a girl out on the street as soon as the date changes."
Ayaya: "Paoooo!"
A strange howl of joy.
Ayaya: "Ahun, I've never stayed in Senpai's room before! Ayaya is super moved! But but I wish it was more romantic......"
Akihito: "Do I need to throw you out, after all?"
Ayaya: "Ayayaya......"
Ayaya bows several times like a drinking bird, then takes Yoshimori into the bedroom.
Kagome and I kill time in the living room. Ayaya and Yoshimori appear to have gone to sleep right away.
Kagome: "As usual Akihito is kind to women, and only women."
Akihito: "If you have time to throw prickly insults at me, at least act like you care about the anxiety crushing your childhood friend."
Kagome: "Don't underestimate me. My words are cacti."
Akihito: "That's too prickly!"
I sigh so hard that my shoulders feel like they'll fall off. I throw myself into the sofa and weigh things in my heart.
The coμs and this girl on drugs. Which is the bigger issue......?
====================C004_020 カゴメさんと登校_0531.json====================
Akihito: "We came a bit too early."
Ayamine Academy is quite high up, so the path from the bus stop is long and steep. Kagome and I are almost the only students walking up it right now.
Akihito: "We don't usually walk to school together."
Kagome: "It happens sometimes."
Kagome goes to school in the morning maybe once a week, if that. Us going at the same time is even rarer.
Kagome walks alone, a few steps ahead of me. Her back may as well have aloof written on it. A knife that cuts all who touch it.
Her black hair flutters in the wind, and she never once turns around, but she always stays the same distance ahead of me.
Akihito: "I can see the city really well today. It's nice and clear."
There's a small terrace partway up the hill. You can see the whole city from here, so it's a popular date spot.
I look down. The Takakura Suspension Bridge stands out the most. Next are the skyscrapers jostling for position in the new heart of the city.
The city's so huge that I lose track of where I am inside of it all, but it looks small enough to fit in my hand from here.
Akihito: "......geez."
I scratch my hair for no reason.
Other people are always trouble. Normally I try not to get involved, but lately I've been doing really badly.
Kagome: "――Akihito."
Akihito: "What?"
Kagome: "How are you feeling this morning?"
Akihito: "My stomach feels heavy."
Kagome: "You ate too much. Maybe you should diet with me?"
Akihito: "Shut up, diet freak."
Why on Earth does she need a diet anyway? One of the seven wonders of the world is how women eternally seek a distant, unattainable nirvana of dieting.
Kagome: "Hmph."
A cold response.
School comes into view at the top of the hill. From far away, all the glass in the school's modern design makes it look like a shining white castle.
Another yawn-inducing day begins. Faces I'm sick of seeing and teacher's voices I'm sick of listening to.
Yesterday was quite peaceful. I pray that today may also be peaceful.
Student: "Morning."
Student: "So yesterday my mom――"
Student: "Hahaha, I know, right?"
Kagome can't blend in to the classroom, like oil on water. She drags with her a cold space no one dares approach.
Today, again she doesn't fit.
Big changes make people uneasy, but small changes are often willingly accepted.
The classroom feels strangely light and fluffy this morning. I sense a small change brewing.
Has something happened recently?
The city is quiet. The ripples of the serial bombing still linger, but on the surface it's nice and quiet.
Takahashi: "Listen and rejoice. A classic twist has occurred."
My precious informant arrives.
Akihito: "Classic twist?"
Takahashi: "A transfer student, and it's a girl."
Akihito: "Is it the kind that comes running with toast still in her mouth?"
My lack of imagination saddens even me.
Takahashi: "Exactly. Did you bump into her on the street corner this morning?"
I'm relieved to see he's down on my level.
Akihito: "Sadly, no. I didn't see her panties either."
Takahashi: "So Mizuwa hasn't triggered any flags yet. Good, good..."
What flags?
Akihito: "Is it the kind that tried to kill someone or got caught having sex with a teacher in her previous school?"
Takahashi: "I'm impressed by your negativity, Mizuwa."
He applauds me, but he doesn't sound amused.
Homeroom begins. Someone comes through the door with the teacher――
???: "............"
The transfer student writes her name on the board. Stiff sounds cutting into the tranquil morning air. The name she writes in white chalk is――
Takahashi: "......Fukushima?"
Akihito: "Mitsu......no, not that."
???: "I'm Soejima Hisoka......pleased to meet you."
She gives off the same impression as her handwriting.
Akihito: "......hmm......she's kinda......"
How should I say this――Faint? Not bright, not dark, not friendly, not antagonistic. She feels like she's barely living.
For just a moment, she looked like a life-size figurine.
You can't underestimate the amount of information in someone's first impression of you.
Takahashi: "Hmm......how would you describe her?"
Akihito: "Sorry, I'm new at this."
Takahashi: "I'm after your honest opinion."
Akihito: "Hmm..."
The teacher continues introducing her. We ignore that and study her.
Akihito: "She wouldn't generate much air resistance. She could fly really fast. Maybe even mach speed."
Takahashi: "Exactly. She's flat as a pancake, but not a loli!"
Akihito: "That's what matters......? What's so important about that combination?"
Takahashi: "They're the two ultimate attributes. The strongest moe tag team there is. That's common knowledge these days."
Akihito: "So in superhero terms, a Kinnikuman and Doryman tag team?"
Takahashi: "Something like that."
Akihito: "That's not the power of friendship I want to see."
Takahashi: "Think about it the other way. Glamorous, yet loli."
Akihito: "That's definitely not possible."
Soejima Hisoka. She's relatively tall, and she's shaped like a woman's magazine reader to put it nicely.
Girls probably like her type. Apparently drawing too much attention gets in the way of friendship among girls.
So for that purpose, she's just――
Hisoka: "What?"
Akihito: "Ah, nothing."
She's right in front of me. I should praise myself for not freaking out.
Akihito: "I'm Mizuwa Akihito. Pleased to meet you."
Hisoka: "You as well."
It's nothing at all. She just got assigned the seat directly in front of me. We only made eye contact for a second or two.
She sits down normally. Her expression has changed so little that it's surprising.
Takahashi: "Definitely no flags triggered."
Akihito: "Looks like it."
Unfortunately, she's not my long-lost childhood fiance or anything, and nothing flashed before my eyes when we met just now. So there's no chance of a dramatic twist here.
Hisoka: "――――"
The hair on the back of her neck looks soft. My own neck feels warm and prickly when I look at it.
Almost like......yeah, as if I'm in the crosshairs of a sniper just before he fires. I turn around with fear.
Kagome: "............"
I feel my body temperature plummet four degrees Celsius. The last time I felt this, I was in the jungles of Vietnam――
Sorry. That was a lie. I've never been there.
Kagome: "............"
But she is glaring at me enough to instill that much terror. I want everyone to understand the severity of the threat I'm facing.
Kagome: "――!"
In a manga, she probably would've gone "Kuwa!" or something. Kagome stands up, her chair making a distracting clatter. The air in the classroom instantly changes.
A bone-chilling tension you could only fully experience in Afghanistan or Georgia.
Kagome: "You."
The man-eating tiger walks over, as if crossing a barren wasteland.
Everyone looks as far away as they can. My classmates are wise enough to let sleeping dogs lie. Of course, our teacher is the same way. He just gulps and watches.
Kagome: "Akihito, let's talk outside."
Akihito: "What did I do!?"
At that moment, my mind shifts genres to a gangster drama.
It probably makes perfect sense to Kagome, but this conversation has all sorts of unnecessary implications now.
Like a branch that's lost so many leaves it looks more like a weapon than anything else.
Kagome: "There's something I want to ask you."
Akihito: "We're in the middle of homeroom. Can we do this later?"
Kagome: "No. I like to settle my problems on the spot."
I can tell Kagome's serious. The fact that I can discern these subtle changes in Kagome's behavior must make me the unluckiest man on Earth.
Akihito: "Then let's do it here."
Kagome: "No."
My compromise is drop-kicked out the window. She seems fully intent on kidnapping and imprisoning me.
Hisoka: "You shouldn't do that."
A voice that wasn't in this class yesterday, from the seat right in front of me.
Hisoka: "He doesn't want to go."
Ah, I thought she just didn't like Kagome disturbing class......
Kagome: "............"
Kagome's expression doesn't change. That lack of change actually means it had an effect on her.
With the calmness of an executor, Kagome looks down on the transfer student, Soejima Hisoka.
Kagome: "Then I shall ask you."
Hisoka: "What is it?"
Kagome: "You cat burglar."
Akihito: "That's not a question!"
Now we shift to a soap opera.
Takahashi: "What's going on!?"
The class begins to stir. If there was a hole somewhere, I'd love to hide in it. In fact, I'd be willing to dig my own.
Hisoka: "I have no idea what you mean."
She bows slightly.
Kagome: "Nothing. I just wanted to say that."
Akihito: "Don't joke like that in this situation!"
Kagome: "Everyone has phrases they want to say at least once in their life."
Akihito: "I know what you mean, but you picked a terrible time."
I certainly have some. "The culprit was you!" and "Awaken, my evil eye!" and such.
Hisoka: "So I'm not?"
Akihito: "Apparently not."
Kagome: "Don't get full of yourself."
Akihito: "Don't act tsun yourself."
Hisoka: "But you two seem friendly."
Akihito: "Dealing with her is exhausting though."
Hisoka: "Yes."
The transfer student nods.
Kagome: "You learn quickly."
Hisoka: "I'm fairly kind."
Kagome: "Even though Akihito was licking you with his eyes until a moment ago?"
Akihito: "Think about what you say before saying it!"
Hisoka: "Were you?"
Akihito: "No, I wasn't!"
I get that she's a weirdo. In some bizarre way she's managing to communicate with Kagome.
The bell echoes at the most awkward possible moment. Homeroom has ended.
Kagome: "Hmph."
Kagome snorts and walks out of the classroom......so she's done with school for today.
After fourth period ends, I head to the nurse's office.
I head down the stairs at the end of the hallway. The stairwell connects to the hallway between buildings which I take to the west side of the school.
The front of the school is mostly glass. The hallway gives me a clear view of the grounds and all the youthful things people are doing in them. The world is at peace today.
The first floor western nurse's office contains a dejected beauty.
Akihito: "There's the licensed doctor."
Hanako: "Just call me a nurse."
Hanako: "But who started calling me a doctor? Or did people call me that before calling me a nurse? I'll lose sleep if I think about it."
Compared to Hana-sensei's semi-haunted house, the school's nurse's office is quite nice.
Sterile air with the scent of disinfectant. Fortunately, no one else is here.
Akihito: "Hana-sensei, I actually wanted to talk to you about some trouble I'd prefer no one knew about......"
I sit down on one of the round swivel chairs.
Hanako: "Hmm, a student using favors with the middle-aged nurse to tie her down and talk about things he can't allow others to overhear. Well, that is a classic."
Akihito: "No it's not! That's just porn!"
And it makes me sound evil!
Hanako: "............it's not just porn. I did read about it before becoming a nurse."
Hanako: "Anyone who visits the nurse's office a lot is just making up excuses to hide a relationship with the nurse."
She pinches her black camisole erotically.
Akihito: "Umm, Sensei, what are you basing that on?"
Hanako: "Weekly Shounen Step."
A manga magazine. The data source and sampling method are very important when doing statistics.
Akihito: "Anyway――I wanted to talk about, umm......a girl I know who's addicted to something she shouldn't be......"
Hanako: "Another girl? You really like them."
I don't like how you said that.
I summarize the situation. Hana-sensei twirls a ballpoint pen in her fingers.
Hanako: "By the way, maybe you didn't know, but I'm a nurse, not a real doctor."
Akihito: "That's fine. Your name sounds fake anyway."
Hanako: "......I do wish I could hit whoever gave me that name."
Even Hana-sensei has grudges.
Hanako: "I'm a fake, and that's not my specialty, but this isn't something I can simply cure. It depends on the individual's desire to change. On how strong their will is."
Hanako: "Drugs always come down to that. They have to resist the pleasure and endure their despair."
Akihito: "......can she do that?"
Hanako: "Once you get addicted to this kind of drug, it's very easy to get addicted again even if you break it. Like I said, it all comes down to willpower."
Akihito: "――I guess so."
I feel no real shock, despair, or anything else. I got an answer I already knew.
====================C004_040 阿弥谷縁_0531.json====================
During lunch break, she visits the second-years' classroom.
Ayaya slips through the door and looks inside as the other students flow out.
Ayaya: "Art thou here, Senpai? ......thou art not here. Ayayaya~"
She rushed up from the first-years' classroom at full speed, but her target is already gone.
Takahashi: "Ayaya-chan, what's up? Looking for Mizuwa?"
Takahashi arrives, his belly shaking like a taiko drum, as if he's a middle-aged man. He bows deeply and politely.
Ayaya: "If it isn't Takahashi-senpai. Yes! You are correct! So where is Senpai? As his dog, Ayaya must search for him."
Takahashi: "Uwa, that guy pisses me off. He's got a love triangle with the tsundere childhood friend and the healing kouhai......is he a galge protagonist or what!?"
She resists the urge to say it's more than a triangle these days.
Ayaya: "Tsundere-sama doesn't seem to be here either."
Tsundere-sama――Hinaori Kagome. Everyone at school knows about her, but few dare to interact with her. Many say she's a witch. The black witch.
Kagome is aloof. Most people are of no concern whatsoever to her. Aside from Akihito, the people she talks to can be counted on one hand. On rare occasions a hero takes up the sword and shield of love at first sight only to be slaughtered.
Ayaya simply thinks...
Ayaya: （She's amazing.）
She's not just impressed. She respects her. Arguably, she looks up to her.
But sadly they don't get along well at all. Like a snake and a hamster, she's always the one getting eaten.
Takahashi: "Tsundere-sama was here this morning, but left earlier. Mizuwa flew out of here as soon as fourth period ended."
She's disappointed. But Ayaya still bows politely before leaving.
Ayaya Enishi never tries to do things she knows she can't do, because it's a pointless waste of time to worry about them. She's never very stubborn.
Her worrying mother always scolded her...
Ayaya's Mom: （――Don't do anything reckless.）
Ayaya's answer was always...
Ayaya: （――Don't worry, I wouldn't do it if I knew I couldn't.）
Ayaya: "Now then――"
Where did Akihito go? Her woman's intuition tells her he's not in the cafeteria.
Akihito was rushing, not wanting to waste a second of his lunch break. He's busy, probably because of Ayaya.
Ayaya: "Ayaya caused a lot of trouble for him."
Yoshimori. She never intended to make him help her with that, but she did anyway. Slight damage to her maiden heart.
Ayaya: "What to do about Yosshi......"
Sometimes she wonders if she's actually a cold woman.
She does what she can. She doesn't do what she can't.
Things she really can't do she gives up on immediately, without worries, without regrets. She cuts them off entirely.
If someone told her to fly through the air without a plane, she wouldn't see the point in even trying to do something so stupid.
Ayaya calculates. People have told her she doesn't think much, but that's not true. Carefully, scrupulously, meticulously.
When she calculates, she knows. Sadly, she knows that most problems she can do something about.
The possibility of success is either large or small. That's the only difference.
So she does what seems doable. A simple and consistent policy.
Yesterday――
Yoshimori Minato was in the city.Ayaya passed by. She knew her. She calculated, and it seemed doable, so she tried helping.
Enishi. Her first name. It means something like "connections between people."
Akihito often calls her an idiot. She's asked herself if she is, but she never reaches a conclusion.
But there is a very cold side to her. If the chance of success falls to zero, if that last ray of hope vanishes...
She can throw things away without hesitation. She's sure of that. Friendship, love, whatever. Without any regret.
Ayaya: "It happened with Yosshi too...... I guess there's always a bunch of stuff bugging me afterward."
Hmmm. She folds her arms in a manly thinking pose.
Ayaya: "......who was that, anyway?"
Takekawa Benio――
Something bugging her. Namely, what was her relationship to Akihito? Yesterday――
Ayaya: 
（So, umm, well......what in the world are you to Senpai!?）
Benio: （Eh? Eheheheheh......）
She assaulted her head on but didn't get an answer.
Her fatigue that day prevented her from trying to pursue it any further, but she heard that Benio had been staying in Akihito's room for the last few days.
No way.
She feels a strange connection between Akihito and Benio. It bothers her a lot.What is her relationship to Akihito?
Ayaya: "Muuuu, not good, super very not good. One week before the world ends level of not good!"
Though she can't ignore Kagome either. No one knows for sure what her relationship with Akihito is.
When she thinks about it, there's a lot she still doesn't know about Akihito. Is it possible he's just a bad man sweet talking too many women?
Is that okay? Should she do something about it? A calm part of her head whispers.
Nope, it's fine! An illogical part of her gives a thumbs up.
Ayaya: "Haheee..."
That day when they first met, and he helped her out. Her maiden heart jumped and spun that day, so she can't help it.
Ayaya: "Oya! 
Senpai, Senpai, Senpaaaai!"
She spots Akihito in the stairwell. Seeing him makes her happy. She knows it's simplistic.
There's a lot bothering her. She didn't get to ask yesterday. It was a very busy day, but she was also too scared to ask.
She worried and worried and all through class kept worrying, and in the end she was still thinking about it during lunch break. But this time she will―――
Ayaya: "Ah, Senpai......"
She called to him, but he kept going without noticing her.
Ayaya: "Awa, time's up......"
The bell brings an end to lunch time.
She was sure she'd ask him this time...
She's left all alone on the landing. She lowers her shoulders and stands there, in a midday hallway colored by the happy voices of other students chatting. She feels quite similar to how she did when she got lost in a department store as a child.
――Bitter and sour.
====================C004_045 命の命題_0531.json====================
The bell rings, ending fifth period.I lean against the fence on the roof and slide down to the ground. I look up blankly at the sky, not doing anything in particular.
After hearing the nurse's bad news, I don't feel like showing up for afternoon class so I escape to the usual place.
There's only a pinch of clouds in the cobalt blue kingdom.
Akihito: "A blue sky. So very beautiful."
Kagome: "It must feel quite nice shirking your duties as a student to look up at the sky."
The witch appears without a sound.
Akihito: "You're cutting too. In fact, you walked out in the middle of class long before I cut."
Kagome: "I didn't expect you to compare me to a brainless man like yourself. I'll have you know my grades are superb."
Actually, she's literally number one. In all subjects. She's some kind of anime school idol character.
Akihito: "I-I'm only brainless compared to you. Overall, I'm above average!"
Kagome: "You can't live with yourself without basking in the conceit of raising yourself a hair's breadth above the slobbering masses? You're so delicate, Akihito."
Akihito: "Stop putting so much effort into mocking me!"
Kagome shows a look of scorn, runs her fingers through her jet black hair, and lets it fall down her shoulder. Truly picturesque.
She occupies the space next to me without a word.
Kagome neither looks up at the sky nor down at the city. She reads a paperback book in one hand. She reads fast. The pages are processed with an emotionless speed.
Akihito: "Actually, didn't you say you wanted to talk about something when that transfer student showed up?"
Kagome: "Not really."
Akihito: "Not really? ......you're always unpredictable but what you did back there was too much for just a whim......"
Kagome: "I said, "not really.""
Akihito: "――――!!!"
It's actually possible to encounter a man-eating great white on a peaceful school rooftop. Especially this one.
Kagome: "I thought that transfer student might know you, but I was imagining things."
I can never understand what the witch is talking about.
Akihito: "――――"
I heave a heavy sigh when our conversation ends.
I slouch against the fence. I neither look up at the sky nor down at the city. I gaze upon the blurry horizon where the sky and the land mingle.
Akihito: "............?"
I feel a cold gaze on my neck.
Akihito: "......what?"
Kagome: "......"
Kagome's emotionless face looks down on me.
Her disposition has changed. The unsettling sense of a bug crawling around your back. Kagome has been looking at me this way every so often lately.
Akihito: "When you spend all day glaring at everyone by default, seeing you make a face like that is just creepy."
Kagome: "You're doing better than I expected, Akihito."
Akihito: "What? Were you worried about me or something? Is that why you came to school with me?"
Kagome: "You didn't know? I'm always dere dere around you, Akihito."
Kagome: "If I could choose the last person I'd ever kill, it'd be you, Akihito. I would kill you without hesitation."
Akihito: "Have some respect for my dreams and rights too."
Kagome: "―――Do you prefer killing to being killed?"
The witch's bullet flies through my heart with the utmost precision.
It goes without saying that our hands are already bloody.
The night Girl A brought us and Babylon together, we killed the nameless coμ connected to that giant with our black fire.
We delivered the final blow. We killed them.
Destroying an avatar causes a group death. The morning news is still talking about it.
―――I remember the red color.
Black heat flows through my veins.
A horribly cold and dry part of me feels good.This is the price.A fitting retribution for the blood they've spilt.: ―――You're talking about revenge.
Akihito: "――――!"
A steel whisper replaying in my ear. The black heat fades.
Kagome: "How do you feel?"
Not ridicule, or sarcasm, or criticism. Just a question. Kagome's cold voice feels strangely comforting.
Akihito: "They shot, so we fought back. That's it."
I'm calmer than I expected.
Akihito: "Those guys knew the risk they were taking."
Akihito: "Destroying an avatar kills the people connected to it."
Murder by avatar proxy. Not attacking the victims yourself lessens the guilt.
But the connectors' wills are what move the avatar.
They made their choice. They shot us of their own free will, whether they took it seriously or not.
―――So we killed them.
Akihito: "I made the decision to pull the trigger. That's all."
Kagome: "I learned the names of the beginner killers who attacked us on the hill."
Akihito: "Seriously!?"
Kagome: "Seriously. The leader was Kaburaya Zenjirou. I know the other four too. It's all in the police reports."
I have no idea how she got access to those, but there's no point questioning the witch's magic all the time.
Kagome: "Two days after the explosion on the hill, those five were discovered in the generator room on the west eighth building roof. The autopsy said they'd been dead for two to three days."
Akihito: "So they were watching us and controlling their avatar from there."
And they died there.
Akihito: "Kaburaya Zenjirou――"
I speak his name. A name without a face is as cold as a symbol on a traffic sign.
I killed him. He died. He chose to take my life, and I turned the tables on him.
The truth is cruel.
Akihito: "......Benio's taking this hard."
She's so shocked she can't sleep, even though she's refusing to eat.
But Benio's still refusing to admit that she had no choice, that what she did was right in that situation.
Akihito: "......she's such an idiot."
Very foolish, and very beautiful. A modest stubbornness.
Taking another's life. The holy kingdom of another human being. Violating the golden territory made out of another's life and soul.
I think it's absolutely right to call that act wrong.
Akihito: "―――Why is it bad to kill people?"
A common question everyone considers once or twice.
Kagome: "Because that's more convenient."
Kagome: "The riffraff use a tool called society to stay alive. This tool doesn't function without rules. It only exists when all participants agree not to violate each other's safety."
Kagome: "To protect this convenient tool, humans have defined killing as "evil.""
Kagome dissects the world with reason. That's exactly the answer you'd expect from her.
If you allow someone to kill someone else, you may be allowing yourself to get killed too. That'd be bad, so we all forbid killing anyone. We agree on a principle of non-intervention――
But this is a gentle kingdom, so no matter where you look you'll never find God, or a fine line between right and wrong.
Laws, justice, morals, they're all just for convenience. They change from place to place and era to era.
Akihito: "......"
I look up at the sky once more. As usual, it cares not for the problems of this Earth.
Suddenly, I hear footsteps.
Ayaya: "Truant detected. Target acquired. Distance: Four meters!"
Kururi: "Meow meow meow meow meow."
Ayaya charges onto the roof with loud footsteps, dragging a slightly shorter Senpai behind her.
Ayaya: "You villain, luring students off the righteous path! Taste the torpedo of justice! Senpai and I will combine into a human――"
Kururi: "Meooow!"
Kagome: "――"
Ayaya: "Gyo!?"
Kagome's cold gaze freezes Ayaya.
Kagome was standing in a blind spot relative to the roof entrance, so Ayaya didn't see her until she got closer.
Her plan to quickly brake at the last second and smile brightly fails completely.
Akihito: "Guoo!?"
My unguarded solar plexus tastes the wrath of Ayaya's head torpedo. I sink.
Kagome: "You might as well cry like a pig. It'd suit you."
Ayaya: "A-ayayaya......"
Kururi: "Evil is defeated!"
She points sharply.
Akihito: "You're the evil ones!!"
Ayaya: "Congratulations on your recovery."
Kagome: "This lower life form has tremendous energy, Akihito."
Akihito: "Senpai, these two are being mean!"
Kururi: "Kururi-chan's eyes are spinning~"
She twirls around.
Ayaya: "We ran all the way up to the roof, we did."
An energetic salute. Ayaya's in the calligraphy club, but she can compete with the track girls on short-distance sprints.
Ayaya: "You weren't in the classroom during lunch and after fifth period you rushed out again, so Ayaya activated pursuit mode and rendezvoused with Kururi-senpai-chan――"
Akihito: ""Senpai-chan?""
Ayaya: "Kururi-senpai gets mad if you just call her "-chan.""
Kururi: "Hisss!"
Ayaya: "Ayayayayayaya."
Kururi's hair stands on end like an upset animal. Kitty-senpai worries about things no normal person cares about, like the president of the classy food club.
Kagome: "Silence."
The three of us go silent.
Akihito: "So what's up, Kouhai? Did you need something?"
Ayaya: "Aaah, it's nothing urgent, but everyone was bouncing off the walls last night so I wanted to ask if Mii-chan was okay."
Akihito: "Damn you and your concern."
Good girls. A rare trait in my experience.
Kagome: "Ten seconds left."
Without warning, the witch begins a countdown.
Ayaya: "?"
Akihito: "Are you sure?"
Ayaya: "So Senpai, what did you want to ask him?"
Akihito: "Before we get to the feline――"
Kururi: "Meooow."
Ten seconds end.
The bell for sixth period begins.
Kururi: "Let's cut class together, Aya-chin."
Ayaya: "Ayayaya~"
She could run back in time, but she stays put with us. We all cut class together.
Akihito: "Delinquents together."
Kagome: "You're the prime example."
What could possibly make Kagome-san say that when she's the one not wearing the right uniform every day?
Ayaya: "......your uniform's black."
Kururi: "Your heart's black too."
The cat knows no fear.
Kururi: "By the way, Aki-chan, look at this thing from Kururi's mailbox."
Akihito: "You always get things done quickly, Senpai."
She doesn't even try to hide the envelope as she passes it to me.
Kagome: "What?"
Akihito: "Secrets."
Akihito: "By the way, why do we always have our ordinary small talk on the roof?"
There's plenty of other isolated places.
Ayaya: "Late-night dramas have a lot of scenes on roofs too. So do movies and stuff. And every game with a school has something on the roof."
Kururi: "That's because it's high off the ground."
Kururi: "It lets people forget their frustrating days crawling around on the ground by bringing them closer to the sky. That way even boring and ordinary stuff somehow feels like a wonderful secret."
The four of us look up at the sky together. Somehow, we understand.
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "I hate the placebo effect."
Ayaya: "Just thinking things? The world is so painful! Ayaya's breaking down in tears!"
Kururi: "Hey, Aaa-chin, I'll tell you my best secret. No matter where you cut into this world――"
Kururi: "It's all a wonderful playground."
She smiles like a Cheshire Cat mocking me.
Wonderful――I don't know if she's being philosophical or bizarrely optimistic, but...
Reality is gentle. So gentle it never helps you.
Kururi: "Kururi-chan is living in between all the worldly despair and loneliness and frustration and vagueness and crushed dreams and tricks of fate."
Akihito: "......don't interrupt my internal monologue, werecat."
Kururi spins around.Spins and spins.
Kagome: "Everywhere under the sky is a cat's playground?"
Kururi: "Meooow."
Akihito: "So anyway――"
I check the seal on the "secret" envelope. Inside is a typed report. I quickly skim through it.
Kagome: "Is it about Yoshimori?"
The witch sees through everything.
Ayaya: "Oooh, oooh, Kururi-senpai-chan, you have spy operations!?"
Kururi: "Non non non. Super-detective. The "super" is super important. Don't forget that."
Ayaya: "So what do we know now about Mii-chan? Aaah, if you can't talk about it Ayaya won't forcibly pry into things."
Akihito: "Yoshimori still won't tell us anything, so we looked into the people who're after her."
Ayaya: "I would like to know why they're after her, but......can you, can anyone but the police really find out about that?"
Akihito: "It'd be tough for normal people, but as you know Kururin-senpai is a purebred werecat."
Kururi: "It's so much fun digging up people's secrets and weaknesses."
Ayaya: "She's a sadist......"
Kagome: "Hmph."
Ayaya: "The angel has descended with sparkles! Senpai, will that help with Mii-chan's, umm, problems――?"
She timidly asks, looking up at me.
Akihito: "It'll probably have a way to do something."
I promise without any conviction. I'll make up for that later.
Ayaya: "Kikikiki, kiii!"
She's so happy she makes strange noises and smiles from ear to ear.
Akihito: "Be happy when this is over."
Ayaya: "Ha! Leave it to me. When it's over you'll see me bounce and shake 1.5 times higher than ever!"
Akihito: "Shake what?"
Ayaya: "Oh yeah, speaking of which!"
Ayaya: "I have a few group coupons, so as a little thank you after school Ayaya could treat you to the cakes she endorses at the Tehanu near the station, yes I could."
Kururi: "............"
She's sucking her fingers.
Ayaya: "Kururi-senpai-chan, Hinaori-senpai, please come with us. Ayaya Enishi will be putting her perfect reception skills on display!"
I think about Benio and Yoshimori hiding in my apartment. Okay, I have work tonight, so no later than that. I was thinking of buying them a cake anyway.
Akihito: "Okay, let's do that."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Kururi: "Oooh."
All attending are in agreement. No objections raised.
Ayaya: "Ooooooh!"
I look up at the sky. It's bright and noisy, so I squint.
Akihito: "――――――"
I can't live like Benio, but so what?
The fact is we killed five people. I'll continue to remember that.
I can't feel as bad about it as she does. I'm not gentle enough to sympathize with them. Not now, and not the next time.
But so what――?
It's better to accept it than forget about it, even if that's just pointless self-satisfaction.
For what's happened so far, and what will happen from now on.
====================C005_005 支倉透理01_0531.json====================
The Takakura Central Park feels out of place. A forest that suddenly appears amidst business buildings. Darkness without light, like a tumor in the middle of the city.
Nishina Junichi always kills time here late at night on weekends.
He only started staying out late recently. Before he took his life completely seriously. He hadn't even smoked before.
He went to one of the few schools in the area with a college prep program, and he's dreamed of getting into a national university since he was a child. He spent his days chipping away at his sleep time by staring at his textbooks.
Late in his first year of high school, his grades started falling. No matter how hard he worked, he couldn't stop the descent, and his guidance counselor told him he'd never get into his first choice university.
His class targeted Nishina as a group.
He was treated like an outcast, and they used that label to justify mistreatment.
It's a common turn of events. Bullying.
But Nishina was reborn. One night, the world literally changed for him.
Instead of devoting himself to idiotic attempts at studying, he learned how to have fun on the town at night, and started doing that all the time.
Playing around by yourself is lonely. It's only enjoyable with a clique.
Nishina: "Run away, run away, little bunny♪"
Nishina especially likes rabbit hunting. It takes some effort to corner them in a way they can't escape, but it is simple.
Nishina: "Did we corner him?"
Nishina's friends follow behind him. Someone shrugs their shoulders and says, "Not yet."
Nishina: "So much for that. Well, let's not be impatient. Don't let that bunny get away from us."
Nishina: "First one to catch it gets bonus points♪"
They whistle instead of cheering.
As he walks, he calls another team on his phone.
Nishina: "Hey, Saku-chan. How're things going over there? Did'ya get 'im?"
Nishina: "Yeah, I know, they're so good at hiding tonight. I'm getting really into it now. I'm almost hard."
A vulgar laugh comes through the phone.
Nishina: "Don't screw up and let 'em get away. It's your job to keep guard."
Nishina: "There you are♪"
The woman stands still in front of a sculpture, probably exhausted from running.
There are a lot of art pieces in Takakura City's public areas.
Five years ago, a catastrophe occurred here. A lot of people died, so monuments were built everywhere for them. There's three just in Central Park.
It's a lame area, but tonight's prey is a rare, high-quality good.
Just hunting her down is thrilling enough, but she's good enough for there to be other ways to enjoy her.
He chooses his prey at random. They have to look good on the outside, but nothing else matters. It could be anyone. Nothing gets left behind, after all.
Just like the people who bullied Nishina.
He was drawn to this woman's clever face at first glance. Just the thought of this woman cowering miserably and begging for her life is almost enough to make him cum.
Nishina: "Lecter――――!!"
Footsteps overlap with Nishina's voice. The thing that'd been chasing the woman comes out of the forest.
It's an enormous shadow. Its head is over three meters high. It looks like a human, but its bizarre form is far tougher and more twisted.
An avatar in the Pantagruel category. Nishina's group named it "Lecter."
Nishina's world changed after meeting Girl A.
After being an outcast at school, he wouldn't let anyone stop him from doing what he wanted with this avatar. No one disobeys him now.
Not his parents, not his teachers, not even the police. No one can do anything to him now.
Woman: "――――"
The woman remains frozen before the avatar. This is Nishina's favorite moment.
His prey gets a look at what was chasing her until now. She encounters the impossible and her common sense audibly crumbles. Women's reactions in that moment have endless variety, so he never gets sick of them.
What shameful display will this woman reveal?
Woman: "――――"
Despite his expectations, the woman doesn't even scream.
She seems to have frozen with terror. The most boring outcome.
He grunts in frustration and calls the team that isn't here, telling them they caught their prey.
For some reason, he hears a cell phone ring very close by. Nishina's coμ is the only one here, and yet, he can hear it.
Is the other team really that close?
Nishina: "............?""Come to think of it..." he tilts his head. He kills time here every weekend, so he knows the park well. There's no sculpture in this area.
The statue writhes slightly.
At that moment――
Nishina finally realizes what it is.
Nishina: "Hii―――"
Spears. A huge number of spears.
Not just ten or twenty. Each one has an old fashioned design, and each has a different shape or length.
The herd of spears sticks out of the ground like trees, skewering an enormous creature.
Nishina: "Ah, aba, ah――"
――What he thought was a sculpture was really the other team's avatar.
The woman who should be frozen with fear holds out a hand toward the dying avatar.
She twists off the head with ease.
Nishina: "――――――――!!?"
A strange destructive sound. She pulls its head off of its body. Destroying the avatar kills those connected to it. The death cries of five people echo through the park.
Nishina steps back.
This isn't possible. A woman who can destroy the steel fantasies all by herself? That's a nightmare. It's not possible.
At his feet, something makes noise.
The cell phone lying in the grass continues ringing, showing Nishina's incoming call, even though its owner is long gone.
Nishina: "――――"
The woman was never afraid. Her facial expression was stiff because she was ridiculing her prey.
Nishina: "Kill, kill, kill――――Kill this woman!!"
A step away from madness, he gives Lecter an order.
Lecter charges forward with a cloud of dust around him.
However...
Insanity won't reach this woman.Insanity can't kill this woman.
The woman smirks.The woman speaks to him in a fittingly mechanical voice.
???: "――――――Despair and be destroyed."
The woman Nishina met that night was...
――――A goddess of death.
====================C005_010 竹河紅緒03_0531.json====================
Takekawa Benio likes the view from Akihito's veranda.
A moment before sunset when the city is colored with diagonal sunbeams.
Akihito's working again. Kagome never shows herself when he's not around, so Benio and Yoshimori are the only ones there.
It feels uncomfortable being in an uninhabited room. She feels cold in the night air, but she doesn't want to go back in yet.
Benio: "What should I do......"
She puts her cheek on the railing and sighs.
She's asked herself that several times. Every day she comes out here alone, searches for the answer, and asks the red sky.
――She killed people.
That fact weighs heavily on her, more so than the fact that her life now depends on four strangers.
―――She would have died if she didn't kill them.
The sin doesn't even feel real, but Benio still can't seem to shake off the guilt.
She heads back inside after the sun finishes setting. Yoshimori's in the living room.
Benio: "You're awake. How are you feeling today?"
Benio smiles brightly. No reaction. Akihito asked her to keep an eye on her.
Yoshimori Minato. She's must have calmed down quite a bit over the last few days, because she doesn't feel as ghostly and unreliable as she did at first.
Instead, a faint, twisted smile never leaves her face.
Yoshimori: "......where's Aaaya?"
Ayaya Enishi.
Benio: "Ayaya-san? At school. She said she'd visit again on her way home."
Benio: "Ayaya-san's such a nice girl. People normally can't hold out a hand for someone in need even when they have the opportunity."
Benio: "I can understand hesitating for someone you know, a friend or a relative, but for a total stranger――You only have to take one step."
Benio: "But that step is really hard."
Yoshimori: "She's just an idiot. She should leave people alone."
Benio blinks a few times. She's slightly surprised. This is the first meaningful response she's heard from Yoshimori.
Benio: "She couldn't leave you alone. I'm sure."
Benio: "And, if you don't mind......could you tell me what's going on? ......if you really don't want to it's fine. Just if and when you feel like it――"
This is different from usual, but she feels good about it. Benio tries to take that step.
Yoshimori: "......you want to know?"
Benio: "......yeah. Not much I can do if I don't know anything......after all."
Yoshimori: "What? Are you gonna talk about saving me too? Did the stupid germs get into your head?"
Yoshimori: "You have weird taste for a rich girl. Or maybe――"
Yoshimori: "You've got time to kill so you're wasting it on me?"
She says scornfully.
Benio: "That's not――!"
Yoshimori: "――There was a man living with me."
A sudden start to her confession.
Yoshimori's faint smile continues. She spits out her words like lead, as if ridiculing and belittling her.
Yoshimori: "Though that was one of their tricks from the beginning."
Yoshimori Minato came here from further inland. Because of the college she was applying for, she ended up living separately from her parents for the first time.
At first she was just curious. About the man, and about drugs.
She'd only just come to this city, so she didn't know anyone well yet. The ease of having no parents around, and the loneliness of her room at night. The man paid attention to Yoshimori when she was conflicted.
They started going out. He quickly made her try drugs. At first it was just for fun, but over time she started wanting them more.
It was nothing at all. From the beginning he was just reeling in a clueless girl.
Before she knew it she couldn't let it go. Whenever she ran out, she decided she'd stop taking it that time. She decided several times.
But when she ran out, that resolve blew away like a piece of tissue.
It hurt. It hurt. It hurt.
But she still needed more. She couldn't help herself. She begged the man for it.
Yoshimori: "I'll do anything......please, please......anything at all."
Yoshimori: "The rest is as you'd expect."
Benio: "......as I'd...expect?"
Yoshimori: "The man took me to a hotel......and we did stuff. If you want to know more, I can tell you."
Yoshimori: "But I doubt a pure virgin like yourself could handle it."
Benio: "......"
She doesn't know what to say.
Yoshimori: "Haha, I've really fallen. Not that long ago, I was just as pure and innocent as you."
Yoshimori: "But it was no big deal. That was a small price to pay for getting more."
A faint smile on her dull lips.
Benio: "――――――Then..."
Benio: "Then......why did you run away from them?"
Yoshimori: "........................"
Benio can tell. She knows what's hidden behind Yoshimori's empty smile.
――Defeat.
Her knife of scorn is cutting her own heart, not Benio's.
She knew nothing. She was so easily misled.
Despite letting them have their way with her, despite running away from them, she still tried to cling to the man and his drugs.
She was kicked while she was down. Was she blaming herself? Running away from the pain?
Yoshimori: "It was no big deal."
She says it like a curse.
In the end, she hit one of her partners with an empty whiskey bottle that happened to be in the room, and ran for it.
The man's clothes were off to one side, so she stole his wallet on a whim.
After that she desperately ran, and ran, and ran.
When she thought she was finally done for――
Ayaya: "What are you doing there?"
Yoshimori: "I just got what I deserved for being so clueless. Even death can't cure an idiot. So――"
Benio: "That doesn't make sense! That's not right! It's not!"
Yoshimori: "――!?"
Benio closes in as if to bite her. Yoshimori is taken aback.
Benio: "That's completely wrong! Yes――"
Benio: "I'd die before doing that! Some things are worth holding onto no matter what the cost!"
Benio: "It's not about logic!"
Benio: "Besides, Yoshimori-san, you didn't do a thing wrong!"
Benio: "They're the bad guys!! Why are you talking like you are!?"
Yoshimori: "I'm the one who let them trick me――"
Because I'm an idiot. Before she could say that――
Benio: "Some people say it's the victim's fault for getting tricked, but I can't accept that. That's completely wrong!"
Benio's eyes fill with rage.
Benio: "You can't get tricked unless someone's trying to trick you! Isn't that obvious!?"
Benio: "Who else could be at fault!? How is the guy tricking you not the bad guy!?"
Benio: "They're trampling all over people's feelings and everything they care about just to benefit themselves――I can't forgive people like that!"
Yoshimori: "Don't......pretend to sympathize."
Yoshimori looks to one side. She averts her eyes. She can't look Benio in the eye anymore――
Yoshimori closes up and rejects her.
Benio: "............"
No matter how much she says, her words won't reach her. Shapeless words aren't enough for Yoshimori.
They won't reach her, but――
Benio: "――Ayaya-san."
Yoshimori: "............"
Her shoulders shake a little.
Benio: "She wasn't pretending, was she?"
Benio: "She wasn't your friend, she knew it'd be dangerous to get involved, but..."
Yoshimori: "......she's just an idiot."
Benio: "I like idiots a lot, you know."
Like Akihito――
Benio: "Mm......"
Why did she remember Akihito? She's not sure.
Is Akihito an idiot? He's probably not that smart.
Silence for several seconds.
Benio: "Don't worry, it'll work out somehow. If it doesn't, we'll make it."
Benio: "Akihito-kun's weirdly accommodating, after all."
Yoshimori: "――――"
No answer. Her mouth remains closed like a shell, not even twitching. She still has that faint, twisted, empty smile.
She's shaking with unease, beaten down by defeat and powerlessness. Yoshimori can't even trust herself anymore.
Benio: "............"
Ayaya: "It's Ayayaaa! Senpaaai, are you theeere?"
Ayaya arrives with great timing. Her bright voice softens the air in the room.
Ayaya: "Shenpwaaai."
Benio: "......yeah, that's right. Benio-san can't keep worrying about this all the time."
Shouting for a while helped get some of it off her chest.
No matter how heavy the truth, no matter how unatoneable it is...
She can't just stay cooped up in bed forever.
Benio: ""Don't worry, it'll work out somehow. If it doesn't, we'll make it.""
She repeats her own words, this time to herself.
Benio takes a single unconfident step forward, still quite shocked and worried about things.
Toward the front door, to meet Ayaya.
====================C005_015 芳守の話_0601.json====================
Akihito: "Breakfast is ready."
Before I can knock on the door, someone opens it from the inside.
Yoshimori comes out instead of Benio.
She's still wearing the same clothes, but she seems different from yesterday. For the first time, I'm seeing her face without makeup. It's better than I expected.
Akihito: "This is unusual."
This is the first time Yoshimori answered the door herself, and the first time she came out without makeup.
Akihito: "Wow, you might look better without makeup."
Yoshimori: "......you mean I look like a country bumpkin?"
She's not keeping her distance from me, but she doesn't come closer either. Yoshimori keeps the same distance as a stray cat.
Akihito: "Natural faces can be cute too."
Yoshimori: "Aaaya was right, you really are a womanizer."
Bad rumors never die out.
Akihito: "Is Benio still asleep? She still hiding in her room?"
When I saw her last night after work, she seemed like a weight had been lifted. I think Benio's made a breakthrough.
Yoshimori: "She's awake, but she has a fever."
Yoshimori: "I think she has a cold. Maybe she stayed out on the veranda too much yesterday."
Akihito: "Uwa......she is such a ditz."
Akihito: "Heeey, it's time for breakfast. Are you too sick to get up?"
I call to her inside. She doesn't answer, but I hear her rustling around under the covers.
Akihito: "If you can get up, you really should eat. Don't go hungry. If not, I'll make some rice gruel later, so get some rest."
Yoshimori: "......the veranda here has a nice view."
Akihito: "I guess so."
I hesitate a bit and answer vaguely. Yoshimori's never brought up something like that before.
Yoshimori: "My room's not far from here, but the view from there is completely different."
There's a short pause before Yoshimori brings up something else.
Yoshimori: "......hey, what's the deal with Benio?"
Akihito: "What do you mean......?"
Yoshimori: "Benio has some kind of problem, like I do, right?"
If you clap your hands right in front of a cat's face, he'll probably make the same face I'm making.
Yoshimori: "Why the weird face?"
Akihito: "You've never called her Benio or worried about her before."
Yoshimori: "......tsk."
She turns away. She's subtly embarrassed.At some point she and Benio formed a friendship. A mysterious phenomenon.
Akihito: "I'm not sure what happened, but it's lovely to see friendships blossom."
Yoshimori: "What are you talking about?"
Akihito: "Everyone has problems of some kind. Some of them are just a pain, so could I ask you to leave this one alone?"
Yoshimori: "Mizuwa......are you an idiot?"
Akihito: "What was that for!? Out of context even I get hurt by that."
Yoshimori: "Or are you really a womanizer? There's us, Aaaya, and......one other. You've got four girls coming in and out of here."
Akihito: "......uwa, now that you mention it, I'm amazing. The fact that I'm getting nothing out of it is almost pitiful."
Yoshimori: "Well, whatever. You're probably stupid the same way Aaaya is."
Yoshimori answers her own question, shrugs, and smiles. That smile has a little more warmth than it has the last few days.
Breakfast begins on the living room table. Since Yoshimori came, this is the first time everyone's eaten together. Me, Kagome, Benio, and Yoshimori.
Today's menu is normal. Rice, omelettes, pickled vegetables, and miso soup. The table's a little small for four people.
Akihito: "You're not looking good. Do you still have a fever?"
Benio: "Uuu, a little. But I can eat......"
Kagome: "Say woof."
Benio: "......woof↓"
Benio is descending rapidly.
Akihito: "First, breakfast. We can't fight on an empty stomach."
We eat uneventfully, without much chatter. The air feels heavy, so everything tastes different from usual.
Akihito: "It's nice to eat as a group once in a while."
I can't bear the silence so I try saying something wholesome.
Kagome: "......"
Yoshimori: "You sound like an idiot."
Benio: "*munch*......*slurp*......mmm......"
Akihito: "......"
This is awkward.
Yoshimori: "......hey, how long are you going to let me stay here?"
Akihito: "Dunno. You can stay until it's settled."
Yoshimori: "Settled? ......do things like this ever settle? How long does that even take?"
Akihito: "I'm planning to deal with your problem in two or three days."
Kagome: "You should be more ashamed of boasting about plans you haven't made."
Yoshimori: "......ha, hahaha. Are you serious? ......what are you going to do about them? Won't they want money?"
Akihito: "If so we'll make sure you get a job."
Yoshimori: "Actually, if I could just get a man, then――"
I flick her forehead.
Yoshimori: "......ow."
Akihito: "Idiots need punishment."
Yoshimori: "......it's not that uncommon nowadays."
Akihito: "It's fine if you actually want to do it. That's your freedom and your responsibility. But don't lie to yourself about it, idiot."
Kagome silently stands up now that she's done eating. Perfect timing. Once we put the dishes away, it'll be time to leave for school.
Akihito: "Also......I'll be working again tonight, so eat something from the fridge. If you can, I'd also appreciate it if you helped watch Benio."
Yoshimori: "............is that an order?"
Akihito: "No, a request."
Yoshimori: "Yeah, right."
I can't tell if she's laughing or getting fed up with me. It's a strange expression.
====================C005_020 裏事情の解決法_0601.json====================
Izalone before opening. It's not that big of a store, but there's a lot to do. Cleaning up, preparing for tonight's business, checking inventory, and various paperwork.
Akihito: "Why are you staring at me......? Is something on my face?"
Tianwen: "Did something happen? You seem different from usual."
He smiles like a popular angel to the girl who walked in. Despite appearances, the Owner is a dark and shrewd man.
Akihito: "......I remembered who said the devil's smile gets kinder the more he's deceiving you."
Tianwen: "You misunderstand, Akihito-kun. The devil doesn't deceive anyone."
Tianwen: "He never violates a word of his contracts. Even if the terms were as bad as a back alley loan, he'd follow it to the letter."
Tianwen: "It's the humans who try to shortchange him that end up doomed. That's only fair."
Akihito: "........................"
Tianwen: "You seem even more depressed now."
Akihito: "Nothing, just thinking how quickly my emotions appear on my face."
I used to have a little confidence in my poker face, but lately it's been transparent for everyone.
Tianwen: "The older you get, the more experience you have. Think of me as a dependable older brother who can't be deceived."
Akihito: "Got it, grandpa."
Tianwen: "............"
Gah! His eyes are scary!
Akihito: "......uncle?"
Tianwen: "The young are all enemies."
Akihito: "Really......?"
Tianwen: "I'm joking, of course."
I don't feel relieved.
Tianwen: "By the way, how's she doing?"
Akihito: "Yoshimori? The girl I brought here......?"
Tianwen: "Yes, yes, that girl. Since I helped hide her I wanted to know what happened."
Akihito: "The dealer group she owes is bigger than we thought. The leader's some guy named Sakaguchi."
Kururi-chan's information is highly precise.
Tianwen: "That's one of the newer south side groups. They gained a foothold by selling along new routes at prices low enough to undercut everyone."
The dark Owner also knows something about this.
Akihito: "......rising newcomers tend to get crushed by veterans at some point."
Tianwen: "Well, rumor has it someone big is backing them."
The new heart has complex and troubling secrets. You can't take this stuff lightly.
Tianwen: "So are you going to talk to them, Akihito-kun?"
Akihito: "Hopefully they'll settle for money."
According to Kururi's report, one of the dealers was going out with Yoshimori.
Tianwen: "Yeah. Some men get really possessive of their toys and won't let anyone else touch them."
Akihito: "And if we want to keep this from coming up again, we'd have to talk to someone above them......I guess."
Tianwen: "If you insist, Akihito-kun, I could suggest someone with the right influence......but that'll only get you so far. Can she pay the price for this?"
Akihito: "............"
Tianwen: "If that's not feasible, then what will you do? Pay it yourself?"
Akihito: "......how much do you think it'd be?"
The Owner stops arranging glasses. His expression changes behind his round glasses. To that of the devil. Or perhaps a mourner.
Tianwen: "Have you done it with her?"
Akihito: "What the hell?"
Tianwen: "You haven't? You really are nice to girls."
Akihito: "............I get plenty out of it."
I make a futile excuse.
Tianwen: "So as for the amount......I'd guess this much."
It's orders of magnitude beyond a student's imagination.
Tianwen: "Shall I loan you the money?"
Akihito: "There's no way I can pay that back!"
Tianwen: "I can take some out of your pay and let you pay off the rest without interest after you get a full-time job."
Akihito: "......there's no reason for you to go that far."
Tianwen: "Aren't we friends, Akihito-kun?"
Akihito: "Stop it. Don't touch my butt when I was starting to seriously consider that offer."
Tianwen: "You're no fun."
He pouts. I can't predict this man.
Akihito: "......I'll think about it some more. There must be a way."
Tianwen: "It's so like you not to say "I'll make it work out in the end.""
Akihito: "That's a coward's excuse. Charging into things with blood boiling just isn't my style."
Tianwen: "Let me give you one warning. If you're going to handle this rationally, make sure you stay rational to the end."
Behind the counter, the Owner holds up a bottle as he talks.
Akihito: "I am being rational."
Tianwen: "A truly rational boy wouldn't go out of his way to help girls in this much trouble."
The dark, shrewd Owner sometimes says things I really don't like.
====================C005_030 夜子が来る_0531.json====================
The night grows dark.
After midnight, even the new heart of the city gets quieter. But it also gets more dangerous. Like a poisonous snake sliding along the ground without a sound.
Akihito: "See you tomorrow."
Tonight I had an early shift, so there's still a few hours before the date changes.
――Yoshimori Minato.
To settle this with money, I need more than any ordinary student can get a hold of.
I have places I could borrow it from. Kagome's family is dizzyingly affluent, and she has millions in stocks herself. I'm jealous.
I could bow my head to the Owner or Kagome, but I'd never be able to pay them back.
Akihito: "I guess there is a way――"
An extremely simple way to solve all our problems.Sakaguchi's group just has to disappear. To vanish without a trace, like a magic trick.
I have the power to make that happen.
――An avatar.
Akihito: "......the forbidden fruit."
Black temptation. The taboo calls to me.
I don't hear the footsteps until just as I stick my key into my moped in the parking lot.
Akihito: "You――"
A small and delicate figure walking around the new heart late at night alone. Normally anyone like that would get caught up in something within a hundred meters. But she has a beret sitting on her head.
Akihito: "Shinomiya...Yoruko......?"
Yoruko: "―――Good evening, Mizuwa Akihito."
She glares at me as if I murdered her parents.
The business district back alley just outside the building Izalone's in. There's practically no one here.
A very private location. The only witnesses are a drunk who wandered in here from the main street and a cat rummaging through the garbage.
Akihito: "It's been......I guess it hasn't been that long."
Shinomiya Yoruko. A relative of Gasai Itsuki. This time I know about the monster I saw that night.
I count the days on my fingers. It was actually quite recent. The changes around me have been so sudden that my sense of time is off.
Akihito: "Isn't it dangerous for someone like you to be walking out here this late?"
I hold out a can of coffee I just bought. It has milk and sugar, for kids.
No answer. No hand to take it.
Yoruko: "Itsuki――"
Yoruko straightens her back. Her shoulders are too stiff, making her vulnerable.
Yoruko: "Told me to...thank you."
An invisible power clings to my cheeks. A wave of emotion with a heat close to hatred.
Akihito: "......I didn't think the king was that polite."
Apparently he knows my work schedule too.
Akihito: "Well, this is good timing. I wanted to ask you something."
Akihito: "Are you a "connector" too?"
Yoruko: "......"
She reacts, then looks sharply at me, like a violent guard dog.
Akihito: "Gasai is too, right?"
No reaction.
Akihito: "......why are you doing such dangerous things with a jerk like that?"
I remember the spectacle I saw from that crowd. Black smoke like a signal fire marking the edge of the world. An invisible giant. Yoruko smelling of blood, with swords in tow.
Black heat seethes in my body. A dangerous irritation like a sharp blade.
Yoruko: "............"
Yoruko makes a puzzled face, as if I just pointed at the cat and said it was a cat.
Akihito: "――――"
I can think of an obvious reason.
How the coμs are connected. If Gasai and Yoruko are also connected in a way they can never escape, then――
Yoruko: "Because I'm a knight."
A word I wasn't expecting comes in an answer I hadn't thought of.
Akihito: "......what?"
Yoruko: "Knights live and die for their king."
Her eyes are so honest they overpower me. Her will is straight as an arrow, just like her well-forged swords. An unwavering determination that seems too heavy for her small shoulders.
I don't know what her situation is or why she's saying that. However, she made this decision a long time ago.
Shinomiya Yoruko takes up her sword fully aware of what she's doing and what might happen to her.
For a woman like that, I have nothing to say, and no help to offer.
I shouldn't――But something is irritating the hell out of me. I'm not sure where these dregs of emotion in my gut are coming from.
Yoruko: "I have a message from Itsuki."
She coldly switches to the main issue.
Akihito: "He could've just called me for that, so......he sent you out here in person just to thank me?"
I don't feel appreciated at all.
Yoruko: "He says he will repay the favor."
Akihito: "He told me that in person already. I don't really care if a guy owes me something."
Akihito: "On top of that he's always glaring and seems displeased and takes every chance to look down on――Gya!"
She kicks me as hard as she can in the back of the leg.
Akihito: "What was that for!?"
Yoruko: "Hmph."
Yoruko looks away while holding out a piece of paper, as if it's the last thing she wants to do.
Yoruko: "............Itsuki's contact information."
An ordinary phone number. It feels cursed.
Akihito: "Okay, here."
Yoruko: "What's this?"
A note with my own phone number on it. I swap it with the number Yoruko's holding out.
Akihito: "I might've given you this before, but it's my number. Call me if you need anything."
Yoruko: "Like that'd happen. Idiot."
Akihito: "Uu......girls should choose their words more carefully!"
Yoruko: "As if I care. Dunce."
Her terse comebacks annoy me.
Akihito: "Did you come here to thank me or to pick a fight?"
Yoruko: "Go away."
Akihito: "G-geez............huh?"
Yoruko: "......?"
Yoruko looks the same way as me. There's something strange on the other side of the road.
I might ignore it on the main street, but that clean and lovely outfit just doesn't match this lonely back alley.
It's a maid.
Akihito: "......O-Haru-san?"
Haru: "Who do I look like?"
She shakes her hips gracefully. Her long apron dress moves in a smooth curve.
We've got all sorts of visitors tonight.
Akihito: "............"
Yoruko: "............"
The business district's neon lights illuminate the maid.
――It's a surreal scene. I almost want to pray to a god I don't believe in.
Kasukabe Haru. A false maid whose name in kanji is almost a palindrome, since "kasu" and "haru" are both written "spring."
She's tall, over 170 cm. Even conservative estimates place her two external airbags at no lower than 90D.
She narrows tightly at the waist then balloons out again at the hips for extra coercion.
A walking weapon. She's barely showing any skin at all, yet she draws people's gazes even at night. Her body shape alone could make her a model.
And yet, she's a maid.
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, do you ever not wear that maid outfit?"
Haru: "Does it not look good? Everyone seems to like it.They all say men love maids for some reason."
Haru holds up the corners of her skirt in a classic maid pose.
Height: 172 cm (without shoes, roughly)
Chest: 93E (upper estimate) Waist: 64 Hips: 95
Her specs are perfect.
She looks good. Or she should. But why does it feel off somehow? It's strangely sad, like painting a red X over a Renoir.
Haru: "Tsubame-chan in particular really loves this. He's the youngest of the three I'm going out with right now, and I always wear this around him......"
Akihito: "No one asked that!"
Haru: "Well, O-Haru-san is honest."
Akihito: "......my ill-natured Senpai told me anyone who smiles day-in, day-out is either the villain or a traitor."
Haru: "Hmmm, that's true."
As usual, I can't get a feel for her. She seems clueless then acts strangely sharp. Not the type I'm comfortable around.
Akihito: "So why are you here tonight? Actually, how did you know where I work and when I get off?"
Haru: "I called Benio-chan and asked her."
I need to pay more attention to my personal information.
Haru: "And I'm here for you."
Akihito: "Okay, so what happened?"
Haru: "Oh my, you forgot? O-Haru-san's shocked.I promised I'd give you a reward if things worked out."
Akihito: "................................................"
Even conservative estimates place her two external airbags at no lower than 90D.
......is she serious!? Is this a trap!? This evil maid is toying with my manly heart!!
Haru: "Let's go somewhere we can get comfortable. How are you for time?"
Akihito: "......I can afford to be a bit late."
I'm not sure how much of that she's serious about, but she does seem to want to talk about something.
I pull up a list of places where we can talk in private that are open at this hour.
――During that process, I remember something.
Haru: "Oh my, you have a cute little girl with you at this hour?"
Yoruko: "..........................."
Yoruko's taken aback. She looks back and forth between me and the crazy maid as if we're monsters.
Haru: "Are you picking up another girl? You really seem to like them."
Akihito: "Stop insinuating the same things as the fake doctor!"
Haru: "Or perhaps......is she also one of those connectors?"
Yoruko: "――――!?"
The shock appears immediately on Yoruko's face. She leaps back and braces herself.
Akihito: "......how could you tell?"
Haru: "She doesn't seem like the type to be hanging out around here this late at night, so......"
Akihito: "Can't underestimate the maid......"
Haru stoops down. She matches Yoruko's eye level and looks at her face.
Like a Doberman facing the unknown, Yoruko's ready to snap into action at any moment.
Haru: "Such a cute girl. O-Haru-san likes girls in cool outfits like this. And I want to braid your hair......but it's too short."
Yoruko: ".............................."
Haru: "Don't you think so, Akihito?"
Akihito: "I'm not a lolicon."
Yoruko: "＃"
Haru: "I see."
And then, Kasukabe Haru......
Yoruko: "――?"
Haru: "*smooch*"
......kisses her.
Yoruko: "Uunnnuunaunnuaaanunaunnnu! Uaaannauaauuuaauaunuuauuanaauuuaan, *gulp*, *gulp*, uuukauau, *lick*, anaua, uuu! Mmm~~!!!"
It's a tragedy. Yoruko despairs and cries tears of blood.
Yoruko: "Y-you kissed me!? My first kiss was supposed to be with Itsuki! But you stole it!!"
Akihito: "That's disgusting!"
Haru: "You responded pretty excellently on top and bottom, not like those high-brow movie kisses with the naive girl standing on her tiptoes to kiss the guy off-screen."
Haru: "O-Haru-san can go both ways."
Akihito: "Don't do that to someone who doesn't go both ways."
Yoruko: "............I should just die...no, I'll kill you first."
She's rotting. She's down on her knees, unable to move.
Akihito: "......what?"
Yoruko stands up without saying anything, like a robot.
Haru: "She recovered."
Akihito: "......are you sure?"
Yoruko: "I'll kill you!"
She snapped.
Haru: "This could be bad."
Akihito: "Apologize already. You're the source of all the evils here."
Haru: "I'm sorry."
Yoruko: "Bigwig, wake up!!!"
The light of the gate swirls at her feet. Yoruko-san's serious. Wait a minute, what the hell is she doing!?
Akihito: "Gyaaa!"
Tragedy #2.
====================C005_035 春とのＨ１_0601.json====================
―――We finally catch our breath after shaking off Yoruko.
Kasukabe Haru is right in front of me. I'm sitting down on the bed, and she's standing.
Her face looks clueless as always, but the dim lights cast strange shadows, giving her a dizzying eroticism.
The maid's boobs approach until they're almost touching my nose.
Akihito: "Amaziiing!!!"
Isn't this overpowering?
Haru: "You like them?"
Akihito: "I'm not sure it's possible to not like them."
Her real apron dress has an ordinary design, but just seeing it on Haru makes it extremely erotic. I can't help but think of the melons hidden beneath the fabric.
Would any man be able to resist this power? I want to shout "No!"
――Haru said "reward."
She seems serious.
In the process of escaping from Yoruko, we flew into a building in the corner of the business district. A love hotel.
The sweet smell of her body comes closer, as if she planned on this from the beginning and is already getting started.
Akihito: "Are you sure? O-Haru-san, doesn't this make you......a bit of a loose woman?"
Haru: "I'm fine with being loose. None of us are restraining each other. It's all nice and fun."
Haru: "Whoever has the most fun wins at life, right? I believe in simply doing it with any man I like."
Haru: "What about you, Akihito? Are you the type to keep your chastity for a special girl?"
She whispers in my ear. My back shivers.
Akihito: "If I ever start going out with someone I'll think about it then......"
Akihito: "But I guess I'm adaptable."
Haru: "Such an unfair boy."
She licked my ear!
Haru: "So, I should shower......now? Later? It is quite nice to rush into it with a man just after work."
Akihito: "That sounds like a fetish."
Haru: "So which would you like?"
Akihito: "Which what?"
Haru: "Should I strip? Or stay like this?"
Akihito: "This is some high-quality service."
Haru: "Maybe I should strip......"
Akihito: "Don't do that!!"
How many chances am I gonna get to sleep with a maid!? You can't throw away this fantasy!
Haru: "Okay, I'll keep it on."
She smirks like a veteran commander of countless battles.
The half-naked maid straddles my hips. She undoes her chest buttons, allowing the insides to spill out. They're even more forceful than when they were covered.
Akihito: "Ha, hawau."
Haru: "Mm, mmm~ It's getting in nice and deep......mm! ......looks like we're pretty compatible......"
Haru's on top. I'm on the bottom.
Akihito: "W-wait......O-Haru-san, if you......squeeze that much......"
Haru: "If I squeeze......whaaat?"
Akihito: "Uaa......wow, this is...aaa......!"
Her tight insides envelop me from above, rubbing against me. Her hips and mine stick together. Slightly sweaty skin sticks to itself.
I desperately hold down my hips. I feel like it'll be over the moment I move them.
Akihito: "Uaaa."
My mouth opens wide like an idiot.
Haru: "......huhuu......"
The maid looks down on me with a bewitching smile. I see her red tongue peeking in and out from her slightly thick lips. I feel like I'm being preyed upon.
Akihito: "Why......did we end up...doing this......"
Her breasts shake along with her hip movements. I grab them from below. The fluffy weight fills my palms. My fingers sink into them.
They're not breasts, but watermelons. With bright red cherries on top. Approximately 95 centimeters (revised estimate). Even bigger than E.
I've never seen ones this big before!
Haru: "Mmm......I wanted to come......somewhere we could talk slowly......!"
Haru's voice violates my ear like honey.
Haru: "But you......ahu! Mm......were so eager, Akihito........."
She opens her legs wide and holds up the hem of her skirt. That classic maid pose allows me to see where we're connected very well.
Haru's taking me in up to the base. The inside of those thick hips glistens with perverse bodily fluids.
Her body smells sweet like a ripe fruit.
Her skin feels different to the touch compared to women my age. Not only is she older, but she's used to men, polished to a shine. Everywhere I grab her body is ripe.
Akihito: "Th-this is an ero maid............!!"
Haru: "Uhuu, nnn......!"
Akihito: "Uwaaaaaaaaaaawaaaaaaaa."
The terror of being caught and killed in a trap of pleasure. Haru twists her hips with a smile, leading me deeper and deeper inside.
It trembles, it sucks, it curls around me. A moist hole formed by twisting a thousand soft threads together. A masterpiece created to please men.
Haru: "Aaa! ......ha! Hu......this isn't......your first time, is it......?"
Akihito: "......I-I've never......done it......quite like......this."
I grit my teeth and bear it. I can't bear to let her have her way completely.
I grab her approximately 96 centimeter (upper estimate) hips and move them back and forth. I push up, rubbing against her insides with my tip.
Haru: "Mmhuhu...that's really......good......we are compatible......"
Haru: "Ha...aaa! ......mm, hu......uuuuu......!"
Haru: "Nnhu......then I'd better......get more serious."
Akihito: "No way! You weren't serious already!? Ah, awawawa!"
Haru rotates her hips. My hair stands on end. Her narrow birth canal sucks me all the way in. It intermittently yet rhythmically tightens and loosens.
At this rate I'll be done for even if I don't move......
Akihito: "I-I'm discovering the unknown......!"
Haru: "You're......holding it in......trying to beat me......?"
Akihito: "No, not that......! I'd die if I......"
Her sweaty skin is illuminated by the night light. Her bangs are a mess obscuring her forehead. All of it is erotic.
Akihito: "......so what did you want to talk about......?"
I change the subject, trying to distract myself.
Haru: "Huhu, you know, O-Haru-san is a loose woman, and she likes it when things are casual......"
Akihito: "......I thought so."
Haru: "Which is why that's bad."
Akihito: "......"that?" Mmmoh!"
Something that can only be called a bomb heaves against me. A watery noise and the creaking of the bed.
I grit my teeth. If I don't, it'll end.
Haru: "The coμ rules, right? The stuff Mayu-Mayu explained......"
Akihito: "That was all......straight from articles on......Coμpedia and other sites."
Haru: "Mm......hu, but it's so flimsy."
The coμ rules. If we lose the avatar, the whole coμ dies. It's simple. Too simple.
Haru: "If any one of us fails it's all over. Such a cold equation."
Cut a single rope and the bridge will fall into the valley.
Akihito: "Avatars don't break that easily."
Haru: "Liar."
Akihito: "Auu."
The tip of her tongue enters my ear. My lust is lit on fire once more.
Haru: "Avatars can destroy other avatars. We've already proven that."
Haru: "Akihito, how strong do you think that avatar is?"
Akihito: "I'm not sure......we can't exactly test it."
Maybe as strong as a tank? Or a fighter jet?
Comparisons wouldn't mean much. A tool's value depends on the situation. Guns don't always beat knives.
In terms of simple destructive power, that black dragon could tear down an apartment building.
Haru: "What was it called......leveling up? What would anyone do with a leveled-up avatar?"
Akihito: "You're asking what someone would do with avatars? Well, considering your life depends on it having a stronger one can't hurt."
Akihito: "But power always creates its own uses. You can't do anything without it, after all."
Akihito: "So I have no way of knowing what they'd do with a leveled up avatar. Maybe terrorist attacks?"
Akihito: "It'd be so much simpler if a demon king hellbent on destroying the Earth showed up."
Haru: "Like Mayu-Mayu said, Babylon's more like the last boss than anything else......"
Akihito: "If this was a game, yeah. It does feel good to have a high level character, but I don't grind experience in RPGs when I don't need to."
Akihito: "I doubt it'd be any solace to the people killed for that."
Haru: "There's probably some people doing it partly for fun. How many coμs are there in this city?"
Akihito: "......definitely more than five or ten."
Haru: "Twenty? Or fifty? A hundred?"
Haru: "There's probably a few coμs where everyone's crazy."
Akihito: "Are you sure we're entirely sane?"
Akihito: "We've got a thug, an ally of justice, a false maid, a four-eyed frog, and a harmless guy. I don't know what Girl A was thinking."
No one knows how the units of a coμ are selected. Even on Coμpedia opinions are split.
Not to copy Mayuki, but it's probably best to assume it really is something like synchronization rate or latent genetic powers.
So who ends up in coμs comes down to probability. If three of them are sane, it's easy to stop an idiot. But if the crazy ones have a majority――
Akihito: "――If three people in a coμ are murderers――"
Three fifths. A majority. That's all it takes for a coμ to become a monster.
Haru: "Also......whoever strikes first gets a big head start."
Akihito: "You're smarter than you look, O-Haru-san......"
If coμs start fighting, whoever gets the first kill gains a clear advantage over all the others.
How many people are loaded into an avatar affects how much power it has. If you catch one person alone, your chances of winning go way up.
That's the difference from RPGs. Not only does fighting more make your avatar level up, but the more powerful you are the easier it is to level up again.
Having your member's identities made public hurts a lot. That increases the risk of a surprise attack. That's already happened to Benio.
Haru: "O-Haru-san's a coward."
Akihito: "There's nothing wrong with that."
Haru: "Though it's never a bad idea to get intimate with other girls."
......she really can go either way.
Haru: "So......"
Akihito: "Am I being tricked?"
Haru: "Nope, you've got it backwards."
Haru: "I was hoping you could get one of the others on your side."
Haru: "I can't do anything by myself, after all."
One person in a coμ is just one-fifth. Add one more and you have two-fifths. Not quite half. Get one more and you have majority control.
Haru: "As you know, I'm quite loose."
Haru: "I don't care about much as long as there's no problems, and I don't want to die――"
Akihito: "So you're trying to get some insurance that we won't do anything dangerous?"
They shake and shake. I play with the fruits bouncing in front of me.
Haru: "Exactly. Just some contract negotiations."
Haru: "......is that to your liking, master?"
Akihito: "Buu!"
That line melts my brain.
Akihito: "Amazing! Erotic maids are amazing!"
Just changing her voice makes my heart leap. I'm impressed.
Haru: "Huhu, so you do like this, master?"
She pulls my hand closer, and gently bites my fingertip.
Foreplay with a tinge of pain twists around my lower body. Haru's flesh envelops part of me. A hot, wet sensation.
Haru: "Ahuuun."
She exhales. Her butt and my hips are sweaty and sticky.
Akihito: "Ah, dammit......uu!"
Haru: "Had enough......?"
She looks down on me. I don't like losing, but the pleasure is too strong.
Haru: "Then I should get serious."
Akihito: "Haaaaaa......haaa! Aaaaaha!"
Haru: "Bend...your back more...move your hips......!"
Haru: "You can do whatever you want."
Akihito: "Haaaa, uhaaa, haaaaau!"
I hate to admit it, but I can't resist. This feels so good I'm falling apart. I feel sparks running from my hips to the back of my eyelids.
Haru: "Mmhuhu."
Her butt moves up and down. From below I behold the spectacle of her humongous breasts moving up and down as well.
It's slow, but she's wringing me dry.
Akihito: "Uaa! Ah!?"
Haru: "I felt it twitch. Akihito......you twitched inside me......"
Akihito: "Hiaaa, ahiii!"
Her red tongue pokes out of her lips.
Haru: "Nnnnn......!"
I can't hold back. I grab her hips and thrust up, straining the flesh inside her.
Haru: "Ahu! Hiin!"
Sweaty skin rubs against more skin. I feel like we could melt together.
The ultimate delusion of filling the absolute gap between two people.
Haru: "Ah, hau! Ama――......nnn, amazing! Stro――......faster......harder...nnn~~~~!"
I throw off rationality and match her pace.
I pull her white body, her chest closer.
I bury my face in it. The superboobs shake around me.
Haru: "Hu! Ha, ahu, nn, mmm, uhuu, uaa!"
Haru: "Hiin, ah, haa, you're getting...so...deep...ah, a......!"
Haru: "I can't...I can't...keeep......!"
Akihito: "Neither can I......!!"
Wet, sweaty, sticky noises.
Haru: "Hahii, ahaaa, hu......ha, han, han, oaa! Aaaaa......! S-so gooood!"
Her mature vagina draws me deep inside. I thrust madly upward.
My mind goes white.
Haru: "Ah, hii, ah, ah, uuuuu~~~~~~~~!"
I cling to her body as it bends backwards. Something burns off.
Release. I ejaculate several times. She sucks me dry from the base.
Akihito: "――! ――! ――!"
I can't even speak.
====================C005_050 悪意の行方_0601.json====================
I roll over on the dry-smelling bed. I feel like many things have been pulled out from my bones.
Akihito: "I feel like someone else......"
Maid play. Male fantasies. A brave new world.
Haru returns from the bathroom. She exposes her dripping wet hair and hyper-curvy body without qualms. It's even more impressive when fully exposed.
I'll revise the estimate again. Definitely 97. Kagome has melons too, but these are watermelons.
I thought these creatures only existed in gravure. A true cryptid. I had no idea......
Haru: "Do you like maids?"
Akihito: "Of course not, absolutely not, no way."
She's right, they're wonderful!
Haru wipes herself off crudely, drying off the moisture. They shake up and down. Tearing my eyes away would be a sin.
Akihito: "Lethal chest......"
Haru: "Next time I'll use these too."
Akihito: "Really!?"
I shout with joy. Not a shred of dignity.
Haru: "Really. I'm a bit of a sloth, but I get passionate about things that feel good.Hmm, should I wear normal clothes next time?"
Akihito: "Yeah, I guess so......"
Haru: "You look deathly disappointed."
Akihito: "............"
These days, it's a simple fact that anyone can read my face.
Akihito: "What time is it?"
Haru: "There won't be any trains left. I can drive you home though."
I check my phone. I planned to be back by midnight, but I'm late.
Akihito: "They might be worried."
Haru: "Your parents?"
Akihito: "They're not living with me."
Haru: "Ah, that's right, you're an eroge protagonist."
Akihito: "If you believe everything Mayuki says. Come to think of it......I haven't seen Mayuki around for a few days."
Haru: "Mayu-Mayu seems to have a crazy schedule."
Akihito: "Is she at that age where you spend all your free time in cram schools for entrance exams? Actually, does that mean you're talking to her, O-Haru-san?"
Haru: "Texting is so easy."
Akihito: "I'd better go before this drags on any longer."
I try to get out of the bed, then hesitate. She's gazing at my crotch. We already did it, but that's still a bit embarrassing.
Akihito: "......I'd like to get a shower too."
Haru: "That's fine."
Akihito: "There's a lot about this that isn't fine......"
My phone rings.It's from Benio. Did she get worried?
Akihito: "Hey, what's up? I know I'm late, but I'm about to――――"
Benio: "There's no time for that!!!"
Benio's voice is desperate.
Benio: "This is bad! What do I do!? I have no idea......hey, Akihito......what do I do......!?"
Akihito: "......calm down. What happened? Just stay calm and explain it to me."
I speak as calmly as I can, to get Benio under control.
Benio: "Y-Yoshimori-san, she......"
Benio: "Yoshimori-san's in the hospital............"
====================C005_060 芳守の事件_0531.json====================
――To summarize what happened......
After I questioned her, Benio admitted she was asleep at the time, and didn't notice Yoshimori left until it was all over.
Evening. Yoshimori went outside without telling anyone, and by nighttime she still hadn't returned. The next sighting was in the pleasure district.
Late at night. Yoshimori stumbled into the road, clearly in an altered state of mind. Someone grabbed her just before she got hit by a car.
She wasn't healthy. She overdosed on something. That person took her straight to the hospital.
I head home in Haru's car. On the way I'm torn by frustration and regret.
What did we do wrong? Either way, we can't recover from this.
I barge into the room as if I kicked down the door. Haru comes behind me.
Akihito: "So what the hell happened――?"
I gasp for breath as I rush into the living room and encounter an unexpected creature.
Izawa: "............"
Akihito: "What the hell are you doing here!?"
Izawa: "......hmph!"
Izawa stands against the wall like a starving beast. He doesn't fit in this room at all.
Kagome: "That titmouse has something to do with this."
Kagome dominates the sofa with a clear face. She's watching an old black-and-white movie on late night TV.
Akihito: "......how?"
I don't understand the situation.
Benio: "Umm, actually, Izawa's the one......who called me......"
Akihito: "This guy did!? ......why......?"
I point at Izawa. Benio nods. She looks pale, so she must still be feverish.
Izawa: "I was there."
Izawa: "The woman rushed out into the street. I grabbed her and took her to the hospital."
Izawa: "Her cell had Ironing Board's number."
Akihito: "............grabbed her?"
Izawa: "Yeah."
Akihito: "............and took her to the hospital?"
Izawa: "Do your ears work?"
First, I'm surprised that Izawa would ever consider helping other people. On top of that, I can't believe he went out of his way to call Benio just because he saw her number.
Haru: "Wow, this is unexpected."
Haru enters the living room and joins my confusion.
Izawa: "That's my line, maid. Why the hell are you here?"
Haru: "Mmm......because everyone else is?Besides, aren't we a group now? There's nothing weird about me joining you, right?"
Akihito: "Don't ask me about that."
Kagome: "......"
Benio: "*sniff*......huh? You smell good."
Akihito: "Buu!"
Benio: "What is that, soap......?"
Akihito: "Anyway, how's Yoshimo――"
Haru: "That was an unnatural transition."
Stop acting like you weren't involved.
Akihito: "Why'd Yoshimori head out? And how'd she overdose......? She didn't show any signs――"
Izawa: "I think I saw that woman get thrown out of another car. I know who did it to her. There's some guy called Sakaguchi whose friends are spreading drugs around the new heart."
Izawa: "You can figure out the rest from there, right?"
Sakaguchi――The leader of the group of drug dealers that originally tricked Yoshimori.
So this is revenge. A punishment for running away.
Akihito: "What the hell? Did she get unlucky and bump into that man outside? Or did she go meet them on her own and screw up?"
Akihito: "And Izawa......why do you know about Saka――"
Izawa: "Hey."
A surprise attack to my solar plexus. A heavier strike than you'd expect from such a small body.
Izawa: "If you're gonna babysit women, don't half-ass it."
Akihito: "――――"
He grabs me by the chest. The pain and breathing difficulty hammer home how badly I failed.
Izawa's right. I made the biggest mistake here. I should have kept a better eye on her. I could've done more.
Haru: "Oh my, oh my, boys will be boys."
Haru evacuates to the far side of the room to avoid damage.
Benio: "Wait! Wait, this is my...my fault......!!"
Benio clings to Izawa's arm, her face in tears.
Izawa: "Outta the way."
Benio: "No......this is my fault."
Benio: "I got a fever......you asked me to watch her, but I couldn't move. Yoshimori-san said......she'd go buy some cold medicine, and went outside............"
Izawa: "Tsk......"
Izawa's temper cools down. Benio disrupted his anger.
Akihito: "――――"
Izawa: "You don't even have the nerve to hit me back?"
Akihito: "......no. You're right."
Izawa: "You are so irritating. So much for ever getting along with――"
Kagome: "Hey."
Izawa turns around toward that voice, and Kagome suddenly kicks him.
――I've never seen someone fly through the air so cleanly before.
Benio: "Hyaaa!!?"
Akihito: "Kagome!? What the hell are you doing!!?"
Kagome: "By the way, that's called a hurricane kick. It's normally referred to as a roundhouse kick, but――"
Akihito: "No one asked you to explain your attacks!"
Benio and Haru rush over.
Benio: "Izawa! Hey, Izawaaa!?"
Haru: "Oh my, this isn't good."
Izawa's head is stuck in a cabinet. He's not even twitching.
Izawa: "............I'll kill you......Mizuwa, someday...I will kill you............"
Izawa regains consciousness after some first aid. He's no different from a man-eating tiger in a cage now.
Akihito: "......just to be sure, Kagome was the one who kicked you. I'm innocent."
Izawa: "I'll kill her too, no matter what."
I understand how he feels, so I stop there.
Akihito: "Anyway, Izawa......why do you know so much about this?"
Izawa: "......lately there's been an irritating group swarming around my territory."
Izawa: "They're newcomers who know no fear. They're using new supply routes and selling to young people."
Akihito: "So you've been bumping heads with them for a while. If you're calling them fearless, is it safe to assume their heads are filled with sawdust?"
Izawa probably found Yoshimori by keeping tabs on Sakaguchi's group.
Izawa: "I was planning to crush them soon anyway."
Benio: "This really is my......"
Haru: "I don't think you have to beat yourself up that much."
Benio: "But......"
Kagome: "Hmph, you're the motherly type?"
Haru: "Unya? I'm not motherly at all."
Izawa: "I'm done talking."
Akihito: "Where are you going?"
Izawa tries to leave without saying goodbye, so I ask him.
Izawa: "I told you what I know. What's the point in staying here any longer?"
Izawa: "I'll do what I want, so you all do whatever you want."
Izawa makes no attempt to hide his sharp emotions.
Akihito: "――What are you going to do? ......attack the group that did that to Yoshimori?"
Izawa: "I was going to crush them anyway. I'll just do it a little sooner now."
Akihito: "......you need to start being a little more friendly."
Izawa: "Since when do you care about shit like friendship?"
Akihito: "Not that――Don't forget the rules of the coμ. If you screw up, we burn with you."
Izawa: "You're the one that screwed this up."
I was reaching out to grab his shoulder, but Izawa draws his gun before I can touch him. The black barrel presses against my chest without a word.
Izawa's cold after passing his boiling point. He doesn't let it show, but he's seething inside.
Izawa: "You screwed up. You took this lightly after getting involved. I'll find them and make them pay the price."
His wrath turns from me to Sakaguchi's group. It's close to hatred.
Paying the price. Balancing the books. Izawa's motionless gun barrel feels like it's laughing at me.
Kagome: "You need more blood sugar."
Kagome casually places on the table a chocolate parfait she bought from the convenience store.
Akihito: "......I think she's saying don't waste your effort."
Izawa: "――That doesn't look half bad."
Kagome: "You want some? Spin around three times and bark, like the mad dog you are."
Izawa: "You always look so confident."
Kagome: "I prefer sweeter dogs."
Kagome's clear face reflects the darkness. She puts some cream in her mouth with a spoon.
Izawa grunts slightly. Sarcasm and threats have no effect on Kagome.
Izawa: "......I'll deal with things my way. Don't stop me."
Benio: "I can't forgive these people either――"
Izawa: "Stay down, brat."
Benio: "Brat? ......you little......! You're almost my age, Izawa!!"
Izawa draws his gun. A black star. He points the metallic grip toward Benio.
Benio: "Eh......?"
Izawa: "What are you afraid of? Where I'm going these things make the rules."
Izawa: "What happened to not forgiving them? What would you do when you found them? Make them say sorry?"
Izawa: "These aren't the kind of people that'll stop just from threats or kicks or punches."
Benio: "――――――"
Izawa: "This isn't like your world, rich girl. Understand?"
Benio freezes, unable to move. She can't even reach for the Tokarev, much less take it.
Izawa: "I will shoot, as much as it takes."
Akihito: "You're going to kill them all?"
Izawa: "If that's what it takes to even things out."
Haru: "Can the police do anything about this?"
Japan's police are excellent. But they're an organization. When they see something they process it mechanically.
A student got hospitalized for an overdose. Is that really enough to make them do something?
They're probably busy with the explosions and the group deaths. Smaller crimes are overshadowed by the bigger ones.
There's no helping it. No system can handle everything.
Authority, manpower, laws――There's constraints on every organization's power.
Izawa: "I'm going."
Akihito: "At least listen to me first. We've all got the same explosive collar on our neck, right? It can't hurt to at least give us your phone number."
Izawa: "Don't care."
Akihito: "This is a deal. I'll tell you everything I know about the people in that group."
Izawa: "――"
Izawa stops before the door.
Izawa: "Are you sure you want to give that to me? You have no way of knowing what I'd do with it."
Akihito: "Don't forget the coμ rules. If we want to stop you from doing something crazy, we can."
Izawa: "......like you say, we're connected to that monster. I admit that."
We face off like duelists. Invisible sparks fly between us.
Akihito: "For now there's no escaping that. We live and die together."
Izawa: "So how do you plan on dealing with this mess?"
Black heat builds up in my heart. A dry and cold part of me whispers to solve this in the simplest and easiest way. I have the power to do that.
Akihito: "......just give me a bit of time to think. Two or three days. That's all."
Izawa: "Hmph......here. This is my number.Call me for something stupid and I'll kill you."
Izawa leaves.
The room goes quiet, but it's not peaceful. The cabinet's broken, and Yoshimori's not here.
Haru: "This is quite the mess."
Akihito: "It's just a "mess?" You are something, O-Haru-san."
Haru: "It's good not to get too serious about these things."
She shrugs her shoulders, playing dumb.
Kagome: "Akihito."
Akihito: "Hm? ......I'm gonna think a bit more about what to do."
Kagome: "Such a troublesome man. You really need to think about this?"
Akihito: "......it's not that simple."
Benio: "I'm sorry......I'm really...sorry......"
Benio cried so much her eyes are red. I pet her hair like a child.
Akihito: "It's not your fault, Benio. You don't need to apologize."
Benio: "But............"
Akihito: "It's late. We should get some sleep. We can think about this in bed. We'll probably get better ideas that way."
The black heat is still smoldering.
====================C005_070 伊沢萩03_0601.json====================
Izawa walks quickly. He's heading toward the apartment of a man called Mutou.
The last train departed a while ago. The ripples of the recession reduced the number of taxis out here at night. He leaves the new heart and heads to an old residential area three stations away.
It's old, but it doesn't have the same historical atmosphere as Hanasaki Street. It's just ancient and decrepit.
Some houses from the Edo period are still here. They're completely out of place between the high-rise apartment buildings. This area wasn't hugely affected by the terrorism five years ago.
Akihito's information was excellent. Akihito may not be able to tell, but Izawa could guess where Sakaguchi's group was hiding just from skimming through it.
He had no intention of waiting quietly. He had no intention of getting along with them.
Sakaguchi's group was expanding dramatically. Rumor had it they were about to make a huge deal.
On the way back from Akihito's room, he tracked it down.
Four cell phones. He handed them out to people he controlled. Within thirty minutes he got an answer.
Recently, Sakaguchi's group tends to hang out at a specific place until dawn. Probably some careful meetings before making their big move. This is his chance.
Late at night, he walks alone on a street with no other people.
A cold glare and a mechanical gait――Izawa's in his most dangerous state. When he snaps, he grows cold.
Mizuwa Akihito――
He's a pain in the ass, acting like their leader. Every single thing he does irritates Izawa.
The world is inconvenient. It's a prison with frustrating chains. It takes power to break those chains. Power. Power. Power. A far stronger power.
Just having power isn't enough. You have to prove it. Bring down someone with power to give yours a tangible form.
That's why......
Hinaori Kagome――
Izawa: "That woman......"
He grits his teeth audibly.
Akihito calls Kagome a witch.
He has no interest in their indecipherable comedy routines. Calculating power is simple. The answer is always clear.
The simple answer is: Kagome.
They fought twice, and twice she won. He doesn't even know what she did or how. Something so ridiculous he can only call it magic.
She's broken her chains too. A conscience, kindness, common sense, logic――All those chains that normal people have don't tie her down.
She's different from people who drown themselves in the joy of pleasure.
Izawa: "......is that it?"
Two intersections from the highway. He found the apartment building with ease.
Izawa laughs mockingly. If there are beasts with human faces, he's one of them.
Deep in his ears, an irritating bell rings. He knows how to stop it.
Tonight's mad dog is also a hunting dog. His fangs are for chasing prey and tearing out their throats.
Near the base of the building, he looks up at the windows, checking the target room on the fourth floor. The curtains are drawn, but the lights are on.
They're there.
Izawa: "I'll crush you, bugs."
He imagines bullets of steel. One of five is loaded in.
The black steel magical being has a name now, so it's no longer a total mystery.
Kasukabe Haru. That clueless maid came up with the name. It's certainly easier than calling it the dragon.
Izawa: "――――Kill them, Babylon."
Izawa summons the dragon.
It suddenly appears.
The apartment has a dining room, a kitchen and two bedrooms. There are five people inside. The three of them in the dining room see it first.
Steel arms. Steel legs. A steel tail. Pitch-black steel armor, fangs and claws.
The monster literally falls out of thin air. No one there knew the warning signs of its appearance.
The gate light. A bluish-white light that always appears when an avatar teleports through space.
The pitch-black dragon crawls out of the light――
The room is too small for the dragon. The ceiling and walls groan from the pressure.
It gently swings its black tail.
The glass windows are all blown out at once.
The dragon's gaze stops on one corner of the room.
Those loaded into the avatar see what it sees, as if they share the same body.
Which is why......
Babylon saw them, so Izawa also saw them.
Izawa: "There you are."
Visual information flows from the dragon to him.
A headache. It's like seasickness or nausea. His brain is being bombarded by information it's not meant to process.
Despite that, he can rely on the dragon's senses to grasp what's in the room.
The two in the kitchen run into the dining room after hearing the noise.
Babylon swings its tail.
The wall separating the two rooms explodes into splinters.
The two of them and the fridge are blown into the front door. The third man gets knocked up into the air by Babylon's claws.
Into the ceiling, then down to the floor. His limbs are facing in strange directions, but that doesn't matter.
Izawa sets his sights on the fourth and fifth man.
He has trouble breathing. His vision is narrow and his body heavy. Babylon's too heavy to control alone.
Izawa: "――Tsk!"
Babylon writhes. It'll all end with a single swipe anyway.
Izawa: "――!?"
Babylon doesn't stop. With its arm still raised, it charges into the wall.
Crashing into a wall won't harm an avatar at all, but the two men will be crushed. He doesn't plan on killing them.
He stops.
He stops, but......Babylon's weight is too much for Izawa to stop by himself.
Izawa: "――――!!"
It's not so much charging as tumbling.
The two men that were at the dragon's feet as it charged have vanished like a magic trick.
It's been less than a minute since Babylon appeared.
The neighbors probably woke up from all the noise. They're pounding on the door.
The lights in the building flicker on like semaphores, spreading the commotion around like water flowing downhill.
In a room where nothing remains conscious, Babylon disappears into the same bluish-white light it came from.
====================C005_080 後日談＋_0601.json====================
Ayaya: "Heeellooo."
I open the door, and a faint light comes through. The afternoon sun slips between the curtains, creating the calm air of a hospital room.
Akihito: "Heeello, heeello."
Ayaya and I visit Yoshimori's hospital on the way home from school.
Yoshimori: "......you two?"
Her expression is too awkward to call a smile.
Akihito: "Benio wanted to come too, but she had to be somewhere."
We're putting off Benio's visit for now. She did want to come, but the BKs still haven't been dealt with.
If the worst case scenario happens as she's walking down the street with us, we won't be able to laugh it off. Not after my mistake with Yoshimori.
Akihito: "You look better than expected. Glad to see that."
I place the obligatory fruit basket on the cabinet next to her bed.
Yoshimori: "You're not very creative."
Akihito: "I was thinking of getting a potted plant instead."
Yoshimori: "That would've been more appropriate."
Yoshimori's recovering well.She seemed bad when Izawa found her, but she's stable now. The doctors say she'll be able to leave soon.
Yoshimori: "The police will be bugging me for a while though."
Akihito: "Well, you are connected to drug dealers."
Yoshimori: "Are you saying it's my own fault?"
That day, Yoshimori returned to her old apartment to get a change of clothes and some valuables.
One of the group's men was guarding the place. They were far more serious than Yoshimori realized.
On the way back, she was grabbed and shoved in a car. They jabbed her with drugs until she passed out, and she can't remember anything after that.
Akihito: "Also, we settled things with Sakaguchi's group. There won't be any more problems. This won't happen again."
Yoshimori: "What do you mean? ......you talked to them? Won't they want money from me......?"
Akihito: "No, nothing like that."
Ayaya: "Ah, really?"
Yoshimori: "Don't tell me you paid......"
Akihito: "I'm not that much of a philanthropist."
Yoshimori: "Then how?"
Akihito: "It's kind of a coincidence. Let's just say a righteous third party intervened. I'll tell you after you're out."
Ayaya: "We'll come again, Mii-chan."
Yoshimori: "I'll probably be out of here before then."
Yoshimori waves her hand.
Akihito: "Bye."
Yoshimori: "......Benio's depressed, isn't she?"
Akihito: "Somewhat."
Yoshimori: "If she's worried about me, tell her it's not her problem......"
Yoshimori: "And......tell her a lot happens in life. Even people like me have plenty of good days. I'm sure someone like Benio will have even more luck."
Akihito: "Nice line. That sounded very deep."
Yoshimori: "Idiot."
She smiles, as if embarrassed. Yoshimori's voice sounds free, released from something. I turn my back to her, say goodbye, and leave the hospital.
The weather's nice today. It's a comfortable afternoon.
Ayaya: "So anyway, I'm sad to leave so soon, but for today Ayaya-chin has to be on her way."
Akihito: "Okay, take care."
She waves her hand energetically. Ayaya's "goodbyes" aren't farewells, but promises to meet again tomorrow.
Ayaya: "Now then, Senpai, goodbye~"
Ayaya: "See you tomorroooooooooow!"
I leave the hospital and take the nearest bus back to Takakura Station.
Tonight I have to work at Izalone. I head there in my school uniform to save some time.
Hanasaki Street at night is full of young people. It's not summer yet, but there's plenty of hot-blooded types out there.
I walk along a sidewalk with three colors of tiles. The jumbotron faces the station. Evening news falls down on me from above."This incident took place in Takakura City. Two are dead, and three are in serious condition――""It appears to be drug-related――""The police are still investigating, but they believe this was a conflict between groups of dealers――"
I stand still and look up at the enormous LCD screen.
The incident's impact lingers on. Yoshimori was asked lots of questions about it, but she did a good job evading them.
Akihito: "Come to think of it――"
I forgot something.
I make a call. I dial the newest number in my contact list.
Akihito: "――――So Yoshimori's totally fine. She'll be out of the hospital soon."
Izawa: "This has nothing to do with me."
Izawa is unhappy again. I'd like to hear his sweet, heartfelt voice at least once.
Akihito: "I still want to thank you."
Izawa: "Thank me for killing two guys?"
Akihito: "......you solved the problem."
Three people in serious condition, and two people dead. The Yoshimori incident ends in a sudden and bloody way. Not one of them was left intact.
I don't feel like sympathizing with them, but I'm not sure they deserved that either.
Akihito: "I saw Yoshimori's parents in the hospital earlier. Seems like a typical ending."
Izawa: "Talking about mushy stuff like that gives me heartburn."
Akihito: "Allergies like that are caused by food. Try living a regular, peaceful life."
Izawa: "......"
Akihito: "Also, before your tongue gets dry, I want to talk about the fact that you charged in without asking anyone, so be ready for that."
Izawa: "I kill people who get in my way."
Izawa: "Including you, Mizuwa. I'll kill you someday. I'll kill that irritating snake too. No matter what."
The conversation ends without warning. I can't hear Izawa's voice anymore.
Akihito: "A lot happens in life... hmm."
Someone dies. Someone else is saved. Successes and failures.
Calculations fall apart. Logic stops working. Despite that, there's always an outcome.
Not a conclusion, but an outcome.
Unlike TV dramas, the story doesn't end when you turn it off. The plot continues until it ends in a truly final way.
I can't get off this bus now, no matter what sins I have, or what punishments I haven't been given.
Akihito: "This is hard."
Still, since this incident has ended, I stretch and relax.
Today's pretty peaceful. I pray that tomorrow is similar.
Akihito: "Who is it?"
A phone call ruins the mood. It's not a number I know. They don't hang up after the first ring.
Akihito: "This is Mizuwa. Who is it?"
Man's Voice: "Are you Akihito-kun?"
I search my memory for the familiar voice. One of Izalone's regular customers comes to mind.
Akihito: "......Miya-san?"
Miyato: "Yes, me."
Akihito: "Why are you calling me again? And how'd you get this number?"
Miyato: "Aaah, about that――"
Miyato: "First, can I ask you something? Do you know a girl called......Semimaru Kururi-chan?"
Kururi. That name's bad for my nerves, just like the person who said it.
Police and a crazy cat. There's too many things about this combination that can't be good.
Akihito: "I know her......I guess she's my senpai? Not quite a friend."
I'm cold when I'm in trouble.
Miyato: "Well, since I know you, I'm going to be honest about this."
Miyato: "――――We found a body with a phone and a student ID, so could you come to the police station?"
====================C006_010 死の方程式_0601.json====================
Day one. Miyato Kouzou's first call came at 5 PM.
They found a cell phone, a plastic case holding a student ID, a lot of bloodstains, and part of a body.
The body part is heavily wounded, so it can't be identified.
―――On that day, Semimaru Kururi vanished.
Day two. I head to the place where they found all the pieces of evidence. It's roped off so no one can walk through it.
Under a construction site on the outskirts of the city. There's no one around even during the day. A strange smell mixes into the stale air, stabbing my nose.
The asphalt and part of the wall have changed color. Two different shades of black. One is the color of dry, sticky bloodstains.
I go there three times.
Day three. I spend all day in my room, never going outside. I skipped school too. I stare at the ceiling twenty-four seven.
Kagome hasn't come back since yesterday.
My thoughts float up like bubbles and disappear, never forming a cohesive whole. My stomach is churning.
I check on Benio three times. She insists she's fine to get rid of me, and stays in her room.
I think. I sleep. I think. I sleep again.
I lose count of how many times I've woken up. There's a shrink-wrapped bowl of pasta next to my bed. I guess Benio made it for me.
My stomach growls. No matter how I feel, I get hungry and sleepy.
I put my hands together and eat it.
It's spicy enough to kill, but on an empty stomach it was so delicious I wanted to cry. I feel like moving once I'm full.
Day four. I go to class again.
Takahashi: "Did you catch a cold?"
Akihito: "Yeah, the dog ate my doctor's note."
Takahashi: "Who still uses that excuse?"
Today's class feels exceptionally ordinary.
Our middle-aged teacher wears a worn-out business suit. Lines of white text appear on the blackboard.
The classroom is as still as a mirror, except for a few people looking away from the board and whispering to each other.
I can't concentrate, so I search my memories.
I haven't seen a body up close in a long time. I'm no necrophile, so I'm not happy about it.
In the past seeing something like that would reopen my psychological wounds, but I'm tougher now. Humans are strong.
The police asked me to confirm the body's identity, but since it was only one piece there was no way for me to tell if it was Kururi.
I can think of several possibilities.
She might have simply dropped her phone and ID by accident. There's a ton of dangerous things she could be involved in. She loves getting involved in them.
―――They did say the blood was a match.
Akihito: "............"
I watch our school life go by in the corner of my eye. Removing one or two people changes nothing.
It's like the surface of a lake. Throwing in a rock creates ripples.
But all waves die down eventually. It's just a matter of time.
The pleasant sound of chalk. A tranquil morning.
Ayaya patters over to me.
Ayaya: "Suenpuwai."
She salutes firmly. I don't know what genes or upbringing created this strange creature.
Akihito: "I can't talk about it without crying."
Ayaya: "Wherefore might that be?"
Akihito: "There's a beautiful girl hitting rock bottom in front of me."
Ayaya: "O-ho, does this mean Ayaya is training you!?"
Ayaya: "Auu!?"
I flick her forehead.
Akihito: "Humans should know shame."
Ayaya: "Sir, yes, sir!"
Ayaya: "Anyway, Senpai......about...Kitty-senpai......"
Her real name hasn't been announced yet. But the rumors fill her school.
Akihito: "Don't worry, she's very hard to catch."
Ayaya: "That's true."
Meaningless reassurance. A cheap answer. Neither of us pry any further, as if talking about it will make our fears real.
I visit the nurse's room and find Kagome. We're reunited after three days.
Akihito: "......what are you doing?"
Kagome: "If you can't tell by looking, you won't learn by asking. You love asking pointless questions, Akihito."
Kagome gets out of the spartan bed in her personal uniform. The black invades the office's clean white space.
Akihito: "......it looks like you were sleeping."
Kagome visits the nurse's office from time to time because it has beds.
Kagome: "That is not inaccurate. I slept."
Her flawless answer to my question annoys me greatly.
Akihito: "This is supposed to be a sacred learning environment."
Kagome: "I can get a lot of sleep here. The nurse stays quiet too."
Hana-sensei's ignoring the delinquent and focusing on her paperwork.
In contrast to her chest, Hana-sensei tends to fade into the background. Simply having one of the bed curtains around her makes it as if she's not even here. This room is ideal for a nap, though it's a bit dark.
Akihito: "Hana-sensei, shouldn't you be moderating this student's tyrannical behavior?"
Hanako: "A nurse needs to be able to overlook a delinquent using their beds like hotel rooms."
Our educational system is falling apart.
Hanako: "So why are you here during class?"
Akihito: "I'm sleep-deprived."
Hanako: "I see, another delinquent."
Kagome: "Trash."
Society is cold.
I prepare for night by sliding into the bed. Kagome was sleeping here a moment ago. There's a person-shaped impression in it. I feel a faint heat and a subtle smell.
Akihito: "......"
The witch has a strangely sweet smell. I was on edge, but I loosen up a bit now. It's so poisonous it acts like a tranquilizer.
Akihito: "Kagome, I'm gonna be back late today, so I'll eat out."
Kagome: "If you don't make curfew I'll worry you're doing indecent things."
Akihito: "............are you my mother?"
Kagome: "Did you know? Whenever a newlywed husband has to do a lot more overtime just after his wife's pregnancy it means he found a new woman during the months without sex."
Akihito: "That has nothing to do with anything!"
Kagome sits down at my bedside without saying anything. Her special uniform has nothing in common with the one all the foolish commoners wear, emphasizing her privileged class.
Akihito: "You look bored today. In a bad mood?"
Kagome: "My face is always like this. I have no strong feelings regarding any place where the riffraff clamor."
Akihito: "True."
Kagome: "――You'll have the roof to yourself for a while, Akihito."
That stabs me far deeper than her usual poisonous tongue. This is nerve toxin.
Someone that should be here isn't. The rules of daily life cling stubbornly. This place reminds me of them, so I don't feel like being anywhere near it.
Akihito: "――――"
I laugh at how weak I am. I wanted to be strong.
My happy and peaceful days are just a shadow now. A brief breeze between misfortunes.
A dummy world cut clean out of the real one, and supported by luck and coincidence.
The very distinction between a normal and abnormal life is nothing but a fairy tale created by differences in perspective.
I know that better than anyone.
And yet......
That fact twists around my heart. At some point I started relying on a meaningless fairy tale.
This is a gentle kingdom. We're going to lose everything. That's been set in stone from the beginning. I've confirmed that several times. I've accepted it. I've understood it.
And yet, I continue getting hurt every time I lose something.
If only I could stay firm and unwavering, like a sharp, hard blade......
――I'm so, so angry.
Akihito: "Anyway, Kagome, you've been away for the last three days investigating, right? Did you learn anything?"
Kagome: "The werecat murder? Sounds like pulp fiction at best."
Akihito: "......we don't know if the werecat's dead yet."
Kagome: "I saw the scene."
She ignores my point and starts explaining.
Kagome: "Part of the wall was blackened, right? That was heat. It was a fairly large area, and the temperature must have been extreme."
Kagome gives the correct answer before I can guess.
The police probably saw that too, but they don't have the knowledge needed to interpret that inexplicable evidence.
Kagome: "Also, a one-way street sign nearby had fallen over. It was cut at the base. Recently."
Something that can cut through the metal pipe holding up a traffic sign.
Akihito: "What does that......?"
Kagome: "Akihito, I never knew your brain was so poor that you couldn't understand an obvious answer without me explicitly saying it."
Kagome's poison is exactly the same as usual. Strangely, that reassures me.
Akihito: "............an avatar."
We arrive at one of the worst possible conclusions.
====================C006_020 紅緒の問題_0601.json====================
Tonight I head downtown to search for Semimaru Kururi. The police have labeled her as "missing."
The forest has different food chains during the day and the night. This city also changes faces at different times. The only way to know what happens at night is to go outside at night.
Akihito: "It's Akihito. I know this is very sudden, but is it okay if I don't come to work much this week?"
I tell Izalone's owner about my absence. I don't know if one week will be enough time to get any clues though.
Tianwen: "Haun."
Akihito: "Please don't make weird noises."
Tianwen: "Don't be like that, Akihito-kun. I've been tweaking the shifts every day so Thursday nights can be our special love nest time."
Akihito: "Take your job seriously!"
Tianwen: "Mm-hmm~ This is one of those special privileges the employer gets."
Tianwen: "I understand that you'll be busy. But......"
Akihito: "Sorry about this. I know you're busy too."
Tianwen: "Not that much. But if things ever get dangerous, you can talk to me anytime."
The Owner looks like a nice guy at first, though he's really dark on the inside. Despite that, his warm words seep into my heart.
Akihito: "......just talk?"
Tianwen: "If you want, Akihito-kun."
A smile through the phone. Maybe his heart is dark after all.
After hanging up, I look down at my phone. Ever since I returned to Takakura, I've been asking favors of the Owner constantly.
Akihito: "Oh right, one other thing......"
I reopen my outdated cell phone. I type in the number the short-tempered puppy gave me. A hotline to the glaring king.
Akihito: "This is Mizuwa......"
The king answers on the third ring.
Gasai: "I can see that on my phone."
Akihito: "......why do you have my number recorded?"
A simplistic question. Did Yoruko tell him?
Gasai: "Those stupid details don't matter."
That answer irritates me.
Akihito: "Actually, I have something to ask of you."
Gasai: "Go ahead."
Akihito: "That was a quick answer."
Gasai: "A sword for a sword, and love for loyalty."
Akihito: "I don't remember giving you a sword, king."
That's the knight's job. The clown does little more than dance like an idiot.
Gasai: "That means I repay my debts."
Akihito: "......someone I know might have been attacked by a monster. I want some help finding her."
Gasai: "Understood."
The king's answer is terse.
After I tell Itsuki all the information I have, the night is already pitch-black.
I sit down on the guard rail, feeling like a stray cat.
The gorgeous station. The rows of lights on it look like a river if you squint hard enough. Some annoying pop music is coming from one of the shops.
The signals on the main street flicker from red to green. The herd of people crosses the street all at once. Strangers flow between other strangers, paying no attention to everyone beside them.
The world is shining, bright and white. I could almost forget what's lacking.
The old memories I dragged out create sharp pain. However, all pain dulls eventually. Emotions fossilize, and experience turns into memory.
But the scar itself never heals.
Loss. Pieces that fall off the board won't come back. They disappear just like pieces in chess.
This recollection gives me a displeasure much like lead flowing into my stomach. I want to vomit, but I can't even stay still. I rack my head about what else to do tonight.
Akihito: "Gyawa!?"
The back of my neck suddenly gets cold, and I scream.
Benio: "That was kinda cute."
I turn around to find Benio holding a can of juice. She bends forward and looks up at me with a silly smile. She sticks out her tongue mischievously.
Akihito: "B-Benio!? What are you doing here? I told you not to go outside......"
Benio: "Here you go."
She holds out the can of juice in her right hand. She has her own as well. This is the thing that made my neck feel cold.
Akihito: "Lovely thick wonderful squash flavor......the hell?"
Benio: "Doesn't it sound good?"
I shudder before Benio's totally serious face. This juice seems not only bad, but downright creepy.
This rich girl actually has no sense of taste. I should've realized that when she said she was an ally of justice.
Akihito: "Is this a prank?"
Benio: "I'm an ally of justice, so I'd stop others from doing that."
Akihito: "Justice......so it actually tastes good?"
Benio: "I haven't tried it yet, so I don't know."
Akihito: "You're testing this on humans!?"
Benio: "You have to always be positive in life. Let's set sail for the unknown in search of paradise."
Last week, Benio was a pillbug in a blanket.
Akihito: "......blind charges and willpower don't change the world outside of shounen manga."
Benio: "I like those manga."
Akihito: "The ones about friendship, hard work and victory? Sacrificing yourself by suicide bombing the final boss? Friends uniting and working as a team to take down powerful foes?"
Benio: "I've been digging up new juices. Today I hit the motherload. Two new flavors."
Benio: "These are both new to me so if you don't like that we can swap. Though I guess you'll have drunk some of it..."
She pulls on the tab without a care in the world. Her flavor is titled "Occult Banzai! Octopus Soda."
Akihito: "......today I learned how valuable branding can be."
I taste mine. The juice is so creepy I have doubts about the creator's sanity. A thick sensation on my tongue.
Benio: "Don't you like how simple yet strong the flavoring is?"
That's not how I'd describe this.
Akihito: "Is this what Benio tastes like?"
Indirect kiss.
Benio: "............"
She goes completely silent. Did I do something wrong?
Benio: "Fugya!"
Apparently it only just reached her brain. She goes red up to her ears and cries like a cat someone stepped on.
Benio: "Do you mind if I sit next to you?"
It took time for Benio to recover. Her eyes are still teary after losing something so precious.
Akihito: "It's cramped and dirty, but go ahead."
Benio: "Thank you."
A polite bow. She brushes off the guard rail with her hand before sitting on it.
Akihito: "Who told you about this place?"
Benio: "――――"
She suddenly freezes. She stands up straight as if being disciplined by a teacher. But only her face is off.
Akihito: "......? What? Why are you making a face like a horror movie victim?"
Benio: "......Hinaori-san taught me to do that."
Akihito: ".................."
Benio: "No! Stop! Not that! That's not what I meant!!"
She has a traumatic relapse right in front of the station. Burning stares wash over us from the pedestrians.
Benio: "Not that, not that! I'm not thinking anything like that!! 
Ah,aaaaaaaaa, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Akihito: "............"
......never again will I ask again what happened to her.
Benio: "......this is why boys are all bitches."
Akihito: "What the hell did she teach you!?"
I do want to know after all.
Akihito: "Now then......"
This is no time to be doing this. I crush the steel can and stand up.
Where should we start? As I think about that, Benio looks up at my face from below.
Benio: "Do you have work today?"
Akihito: "I'm taking a break from that. I plan to take it easy for a while."
Benio: "So are you going anywhere? I know good places for a night walk."
Akihito: "Benio, are you secretly a bad girl?"
Benio: "I am staying at a boy's house without telling my parents."
She smiles like a devil.
Akihito: "What happened to fighting for justice? Also, something bad will happen if you walk around too much. We still haven't done anything about the beginner killers."
Benio: "I can't just stay locked up in there forever.And I can't see my family or friends, so......"
Benio is at least trying to minimize the risk of heading out.
Everything has rules.
It's meaningless to try solving complex equations if you don't know how to add and subtract. Likewise, if you charge into things without knowing the rules, you'll just get thrown around.
The clue Nanase gave us made it clear that the steel illusions attacking us are no different from ours. The people controlling them are just like us.
We don't get a new space monster to fight every week, nor do we get a regular salary from some state-sponsored secret organization.
The BKs are no different from us. Normal people that suddenly gained power.
They live normally, devoted to their typical lives, worried about school or work.
They do know who Benio is, but they can't keep track of her twenty-four seven. The amount of work that'd take just isn't realistic.
Akihito: "Has anything happened to your family?"
Benio: "......I talk to them on the phone every day, and they haven't said anything."
So they're not crazy enough to randomly kill people connected to us. Or maybe they're just tired of following Benio.
Akihito: "There's a silver lining, I guess."
Benio: "Maybe it's over now?"
Akihito: "Let your guard down and they'll get you."
Benio: "So where are you going tonight, Akihito-kun?"
Akihito: "......I enjoy taking walks at night, like an old man. I just told you, I have no work so I'm gonna take it easy."
Benio: "Old men like that?"
Akihito: "I act a lot older than I am."
Benio: "You're looking for your friend, right?"
So she did know about that already.
Akihito: "......I didn't think you were enough of a jerk to pretend you didn't know about that."
Benio: "Gah!"
Akihito: "......"
Akihito: "I'm gonna check the west side of the business district tonight."
Benio: "Do you mind if I join you?"
Benio continues sitting on the guard rail, resting her chin in her hands.
Akihito: "What brought this on?"
Benio: "Friendship, good will, fortune, bonds, stuff like that."
Benio: "We're all friends now, right? Friendship is thicker than blood, so we have to combine our powers to win."
Akihito: "How much money do you want?"
Benio: "Money can't buy things that important. Did you not know that, Akihito-kun?"
Akihito: "The world has far more things that can be bought with money."
Benio: "Filthy! That's just a filthy adult's egoism!"
Akihito: "Now be honest. Why do you really want to come with me?"
Benio: "Aaah, you're the one not being honest."
She elbows me in the side.
Benio: "Fine. If you don't like friendship, let's say I'm doing this as thanks. You've been letting me stay with you for a while, so Benio-san has to do something in return."
Benio: "Also, don't tell anyone, but............"
She whispers into my ear as if telling me a deep secret.
Benio: "I like fighting for justice, so I want to help people in trouble."
Akihito: "......well, at least you're feeling okay now......maybe too okay."
Benio: "Eh? What?"
Akihito: "Nothing, I just didn't know you were like that."
Benio: "Right? Eheheh. So if you're ever in trouble, Akihito-kun, Benio-san will come help you."
She makes an extremely nice smile.
Benio: "So, who are you looking for?"
Akihito: "A senpai. She's from my school, a year older than me, and a weirdo. Part of someone's body was found with her student ID and cell phone. She's missing now."
Just putting all that together makes me want to die.
Benio: "I hope she's okay."
There's no way that cat would die so easily. I'm sure she's fine. She has to be. She'd better be.
I almost start to pray, but swallow my words. Prayers have no value.
There's nothing up there to listen to them. If you have time to pray, you should be getting off your ass and doing something. But it may already be―――
Akihito: "――――"
I stop thinking before I sink too deep. I become a machine and start moving.
A: The leader of a group of ruffians that always hangs out under a certain avant-garde bronze statue.
A: "Kururi-san did seem busy recently."
B: An illegal black immigrant collecting tickets at a clubhouse. 
B: "Sorry, I don't know anything."
C: A dropout who got a job with a famous company. I actually knew him before I left Takakura City.
Akihito: "You always make that scary face when you meet someone."
C: "It's part of my job. I'm finished if people start underestimating me."
Benio: "No leads anywhere."
The two of us wander around under the neon lights of the business district, failing to find a single clue as to Kururi's whereabouts.
I was wrong to expect to find anything.
The city is a swirling ocean of people. It's far too vast and complex for me to find anything just by walking around, especially when I have no clues to start with.
And yet, I can't stop walking aimlessly.
Is this a childish inability to accept the conclusion staring me in the face?
Or am I trying to make up for the past―when I couldn't do anything―by doing something no matter how futile?
I continue drifting around the town, still unsure which it is.
Before I know it, the flow of people has taken me to an especially crude street corner, even compared to the rest of the new heart. I can imagine Izawa hanging out here.
Benio's affluent background sticks out like oil on water, even when she's silent.
Akihito: "......Mayuki said something before."
Akihito: "In school battle stuff, apparently the good guys almost always fight because no one else can."
Benio: "Yeah, exactly. Everyone thinks that when they go into battle."
Benio: "We're the only ones who can do it, so......"
―――For someone else, in someone else's place.
Benio walks with such a spring in her step it's strange.
She skips through the dirty town almost desperately, shaking her flaxen hair and trying to fight my depressed attitude.
（―――I like fighting for justice, so I want to help people in trouble.）
This girl......she must be stupid.
There's a fine line between heroes and fools. Ignorance begets courage. Knowledge leads to resignation.
Divine secrets lie behind the fortress of the unknown. If the scalpel of wisdom ever cut the world open, those secrets would fall down to mere common knowledge.
Everyone learns about the edge of the world at some point. The limits on how far your own hands can reach. As they learn, fairy tales vanish.
And yet......
She insists on devoting her time and effort to other people, even if it's foolish, even if it's just self-satisfying hypocrisy instead of real justice, and I find that attitude enviable.
I haven't been able to believe in such innocent storybook fairy tales since I was a little kid.
A gemstone is beautiful because the person seeing it believes it is. To a bird or beast, such a priceless treasure has no value.
This is a gentle kingdom, so beautiful words are nothing but vain prayers.
Brandishing such attitudes won't save a single person.
It didn't help on that day when my hands couldn't reach anyone. It didn't help this week when Kururi disappeared.
Everything had slipped through my fingers a long time ago. I already know that, but......
It still disturbs me so much.
Akihito: "............"
Benio waves her arms and legs around, living off fairy tales like glass castles that don't exist.
Benio: "About that Senpai-san......"
Akihito: "Kururi-chan?"
Benio: "Were you good friends?"
Akihito: "I'm not sure. I've lost track of how much trouble we've caused for each other."
Benio: "So you were good friends."
I search for an answer, but nothing appropriate comes to mind. I stay quiet and turn away, unsure what I should look at. The city is so bright tonight, yet so dirty.
Benio: "What's it like......to die?"
She suddenly asks.
Benio: "......ah, sorry. Maybe I shouldn't have asked."
Akihito: "No, it's fine."
Akihito: "Are you scared to die?"
Benio: "Is it normal not to be? Does dying hurt? Does it feel cold? Hot? ......what happens after death?"
Benio: "When the scarlet BKs attacked, I didn't have time to tell if I was afraid or not afraid or anything."
Benio jogs ahead of me, as if to get away from her shadow.
Benio: "Living means getting closer to death, doesn't it?"
Akihito: "You think about some really dark things despite that bright face."
Benio: "Thinking about them keeps me from sleeping sometimes."
Akihito: "There's more efficient ways to use your brain's resources."
Benio: "You. Just. Made. Fun. Of. Me!"
She spins around and pouts.
Benio: "The world's full of stuff I don't understand."
Akihito: "Doesn't it outnumber the stuff we can understand?"
Benio: "Hey......can I call you Akihito?"
Akihito: "What brought this on?"
Benio: "Akihito. Akihito. Is that okay? Is it? Is it?"
Akihito: "......I'm fine with it."
Benio: "Yes!"
Her expression changes several times as she gives a happy thumbs up.
We haven't accomplished anything significant tonight.
A part of the new heart near the business district. The daytime crowds have long since dwindled, letting solitude enter.
Benio: "My legs are tired."
Akihito: "Better train them. Fighting for justice involves a lot of moving around."
Benio: "So much for doing anything flashy and cool."
Akihito: "Doesn't work like that."
We enter Central Park. I can see a fountain in the distance.
A digital clock attached to a pole tells us the current time. 11 PM. If we walk through here, we can get to the station quickly.
Akihito: "Should we head home before the last train leaves?"
I look to the side and see Benio holding out her hand.
She holds her right arm straight up, as if holding up the sky.
Up toward the city's canopy, where the stars don't shine because of all the light in this chunk of land encircled by towering buildings.
Benio: "――――"
She raises her heels, trying to stretch up as high as she can. Her shaking fingers search the empty air.
Small nails. White fingers.
Delicate wrists. Slender arms.
She reaches up with a serious face, farther and farther away.
Her hand touches nothing. A futile act like trying to grab a cloud.
There's nothing surprising about that.
People don't have wings, so their hands can't reach the sky.
Benio: "I'm different......"
The girl looks strangely small as she reaches as high as she can toward the night sky.
Akihito: "Different how?"
Benio: "I've always been the type to curl up as soon as things get bad. Hinaori-san and Izawa......they're amazing. They're so strong. I'm jealous. When I'm around them......"
Benio: "I just feel......inferior, I guess."
Akihito: "Don't compare yourself against someone with 780,000,000 Strength."
Benio: "Hoi-ya!"
She jumps like a video game character.
She floats for an instant, then gravity's chains pull her to the ground.
I look in the direction she was facing. The direction she was holding out her hand. There's a faint star there.
Far higher than the peaks of buildings, which she still can't reach, beyond the night in this dark, heavy, thick city.
A star that still shines faintly even with the light from the surface covering it up.
Benio: "Hoi-ya! Hoi-ya!"
Jump. Jump. Her pointless exertion continues.
All the light in the sky is stars. A lot of ideals and dreams have been attached to them across human history, but humans can't reach them.
A thousand years, a million years――――
After a nauseatingly long period of time like that, we might gain the ability to reach them.
But life lasts a hundred and twenty years at the most. Such a long period of time might as well be "never."
Akihito: "You can't fly."
Benio: "......that's true."
Benio continues looking up at the distant sky, sadly, regretfully.
An attempt so foolish, so obviously futile it makes no sense.
I can't stand to watch someone doing that, so instead of looking at the sky or at Benio, I turn toward the row of buildings rising faintly in the darkness.
Why do I feel this way?
When I'm with Benio, something I don't understand builds up around my stomach.
―――This is stupid.
I laugh at myself. It's so stupid of me to think these things now, after all this. I left those things on the side of the road years ago.
My old innocent self that used to believe in them. Back when I climbed that high wall and stepped into the white castle, I had a lot of beautiful feelings like this. But they've all blown away like dust now.
What moves my feet now is a black heat. It continues burning brightly in my cold, closed heart. A dense flame scorching my flesh and blood.
Holding out a hand―――That's the same as everything else I'm doing.
They're just efforts to make up for the past, when I couldn't do anything, by making myself feel like I'm doing something now.
Some part of me shouts in a deep, dry voice: "I can't forgive them."
I can't forgive those who took things from me.
Which is why......
I'm more than willing to take the same things from them. The whispering voice is like sweet nothings from a beautiful woman, repeating powerful words in an effort to control me.
The trigger is so easy to pull.
My hands are already dirty. I can't undo the fact that I killed people.
Even if humans had appeared on that hill instead of an avatar, I'm confident I wouldn't have hesitated.
If Kururi really is dead, and if I find the person who killed her, then―――
―――I have the power to do whatever I want with him.
Akihito: "――――!"
I stop myself, just before crossing the last line the heat wants me to cross.
Akihito: "......that would be even stupider."
My words vanish between the stars. In stories the good guys are happy once they settle things by killing their enemies. In this world, everything is far too complex for that.
My thoughts run in circles over and over, like a traveler trapped in a labyrinth, unable to go anywhere else.
Suddenly, Benio says......
Benio: "You know......if someone dies, afterward......"
Akihito: "Nothing remains."
I say tersely and clearly.
Akihito: "They say memories remain, but your memory is just a personal interpretation of things. A story written based on your experience. Nothing really remains. It all vanishes."
Benio: "If only a god was here."
Akihito: "I forgot his number."
Benio: "You don't believe in any gods?"
Akihito: "There might be some, and there might be none."
I hear some great philosopher once said "God is dead."
Benio: "What do you think will happen to us?"
Benio: "We have so many problems to deal with......monsters, monsters, and more monsters. Where do we go from here?"
I heard something similar from Benio a little while ago. A magic spell she chanted, seemingly sure that it will make her sprout wings at any moment.
――Where should we go?
Right now that question just makes me feel gloomy.
Akihito: "It'll work out somehow."
Benio: "Really? Are you sure?"
She comes so close I can look down and see the whorl in her hair.
Akihito: "What happens, happens."
Benio: "I only just noticed this, but――――"
Benio stands close enough that we can breathe on each other. Her smile is sweet.
Benio: "Akihito, I don't like you."
Benio opens her mouth like a weapon.
Benio: "You're scary right now, Akihito. Like a black sword."
Akihito: "Izawa's the pointy guy."
Benio: "I don't like you."
She repeats herself. This time Benio looks at me head on, like a perfectly straight blade.
―――My sharp memories itch.
Benio: "......I like the normal Akihito."
Akihito: "............"
Benio: "So I want to try something."
Akihito: "Try what?"
Benio beckons me over with one finger. She draws her face closer.
She whispers into my ear.
Benio: "A girl's magic."
Looks like this is what she was after from the beginning.
Benio: "――――――Cheer up."
She kissed me.
====================C006_040 ラウンド_0601.json====================
I'm beaten awake by the sound of a phone call. The light of morning sneaks in between the curtains. 5 AM.
Who would call me at a crazy time like this? Either the selfish witch or one of my irresponsible acquaintances.
I check the display.
――The King.
Akihito: "......"
Akihito: "The number you have called is no longer in service. Please wait three hours and try calling again."
Gasai: "I hear the knights of justice want to slay some dragons."
Akihito: "I'm gonna need more than that to tell what you're talking about."
Is it important enough to wake me up at this hour?
Gasai: "You sound ill."
Akihito: "......because I was woken up before dawn after staying up late."
Gasai: "Regulate your lifestyle better."
I'll kill him. I will definitely kill this guy.
Gasai: "I called to talk about those knights."
Akihito: "......the Round Table?"
Gasai: "They're searching for the dragon."
Akihito: "For Babylon?"
Gasai: "Is that its name?"
Akihito: "......"
I made a mistake. 0-15.
Akihito: "......so why are they looking for the dragon? Does the king give them land if they slay it?"
Gasai: "Knights fight dragons with pride. The black dragon has caused a number of incidents one after the other. They can't leave it alone."
Akihito: "That's not the dragon's fault. They're just whining about our self-defense and putting us on their shields. It's sick."
Gasai: "The world is made of selfishness."
Another selfish person crosses his legs on the other end of the call.
Gasai: "There's another interesting topic."
Akihito: "Is "interesting" really the right word......?"
Gasai: "Takatou Nanase. Sir Percival of the Round Table Masters. You know her?"
Takatou Nanase. One of Fuchur's connectors. She called herself an envoy of the Round Table.
Akihito: "What do you mean "Masters?""
Gasai: "The leading members."
Akihito: "That's a hell of a name."
Gasai: "The girl you asked about was tracking Nanase."
Akihito: "――――What?"
Kururi was tracking Nanase?
Nanase might have attacked Kururi.
She didn't seem like the type to do that, but anyone can get desperate.
For instance, if she had to in order to keep the coμs a secret.
―――Would she go that far?
It might not have been Nanase. There are four other people in her coμ.
I can think of several possibilities.
Akihito: "Are you sure about that......?"
Gasai: "The odds are about six to four."
So it's more trustworthy than a rumor.
Gasai: "What will you do?"
Akihito: "I was planning on talking to them at some point anyway......they must have regular meetings somewhere, right?"
Akihito: "――――Do you know where and when?"
The sun falls behind the buildings, creating long shadows. An old legend says that suspicious people gather during the vague time between midday and night.
The footbridge in front of Takakura Station. Six people have gathered at that standard meeting place. Those of us connected to Babylon, and Kagome.
We slip through the noisy crowds, shortly before the going-home rush. We lower our voices for a secret conversation.
Benio: "Mayu-Mayu, it's been aaages~"
She shouts, happy to see Mayuki.
Mayuki: "Don't grab me like that, Benio-san. Also I'm not Mayu-Mayu, I'm Mayuki."
Mayuki: "In addition, it hasn't been long enough to call "ages.""
Haru: "You didn't show last week."
Mayuki: "I was super busy with work. I had to eat lunch and dinner together so I couldn't tell them apart which was super annoying."
Mayuki: "I couldn't get away from it, it was horrible!"
Mayuki's breathing is unusually rough today. Work must have really stressed her out.
Izawa: "Did you call me out here just to chatter, Mizuwa?"
Mayuki: "Good to see you too, Izawa-san."
She greets him and bows.
Izawa: "......tsk."
Huh? He's not arguing that? That's a strange reaction for a prickly mad dog.
Kagome: "Pedophilia is the first sign of brain rot, titmouse."
Akihito: "You're not supposed to say things like that even if you're thinking them!"
Kagome: "I've been honest since I was a child. When my noisy grandpa asked who cut down the cherry tree, I told him the truth: Akihito did it."
Akihito: "You made me do that!"
Izawa: "......should we settle our score here and now, snake?"
Izawa refuses to admit defeat no matter how many times she beats him up.
Akihito: "Well, we're in a hurry, so I'd better get to the point."
I explain the situation concisely.
First, Kururi.She's missing, and avatars are likely involved.She was apparently tracking a key member of the Round Table.
Next, the Round Table.Apparently we've upset the knights of justice.
Haru: "What exactly is this Round Table?"
Mayuki: "Based on what I gathered from the internet, it seems to be a righteous secret society."
Benio: "A-a righteous secret society!?"
That implausible phrase makes Benio's eyes light up with strange stars of idealism.
Benio: "I'm not sure I understand, but that sounds cool!"
Kagome: "Hmph."
Akihito: "As for the details, let's turn to Mayuki-sensei."
Mayuki: "If you insist, I suppose I have no choice.""Help Me, Mayuki-sensei!! ~The Round Table~"
Mayuki: "Ahem. Before we begin, I should mention that all of this is based on information from the internet. Some of it isn't entirely trustworthy, so keep that in mind."
She pushes her glasses up with her middle finger, like a lecturer.
Mayuki: "Now then. The Round Table was founded two years ago, when the first generation of coμs started appearing and some of them formed a cabal."
Mayuki: "Apparently "cabal" is what you call a group of several coμs working together."
Mayuki: "In today's Coμnet, the Round Table is said to be the oldest and largest cabal. The others aren't even close to the same size――"
Haru: "Ah, so they're the ruling party."
Mayuki: "The Round Table's policies can be quickly summarized as "equality," "peace," and "maintaining secrecy.""
Mayuki: "All connectors are "equal" under Girl A, so there are no ranks or classes."
Mayuki: "Destroying stuff with your avatar or fighting between coμs is unacceptable. For the sake of "peace," we have to settle our differences with words."
Izawa: "This just gets worse and worse......"
Mayuki: "The last part, "maintaining secrecy," is what you'd expect. To avoid coming into conflict with regular society, it's forbidden to do anything that might reveal the existence of coμs."
Mayuki: "It seems like they also handle cover-ups when someone does do something in public."
Mayuki: "As part of that objective, whenever there are rumors of a new coμ, someone like Nanase-san heads out to talk to them and try to get them to join the Round Table."
Akihito: "So, I'm thinking we need to go talk to these people. What do you guys think?"
The coμs are managed democratically.
Izawa: "Mizuwa, you just want a lead on that woman that disappeared. What does this have to do with me?"
Akihito: "You're the one who pissed them off by swinging Babylon around."
We both say exactly what we're thinking. False friendship is wonderful.
Sooner or later they'll contact us again. Going there ourselves will give us more control over what happens.
On the plus side, we should gain a connection with the largest coμ organization. You're safest standing under the biggest tree.
On the downside, we'll be exposing all of our members. Depending on how the Round Table responds, that could put us in a bad position.
Mayuki: "We're still beginners, so I think we need the information."
Haru: "O-Haru-san likes holding the bigger stick."
A strangely obscene phrase.
Mayuki's priority is gaining information about Coμnet. Haru says it's safer to have the largest organization backing us. I agree with both of them.
Benio: "I agree. I'm pretty curious about them."
I'm guessing the idea of a secret society fighting for justice tugged at Benio's heartstrings.
Kagome: "Do whatever you want."
The witch sees no value whatsoever in the Round Table unless they have clues about Kururi.
Akihito: "......so, Izawa, are you opposed?"
Izawa: "No, I'll go too."
I wasn't expecting that answer.
Akihito: "No way."
Izawa: "Gotta see what they look like before I can kill them."
Izawa bares his canine teeth in a happy smile. The mad dog really is a mad dog.
A strange group to swim through the business district with. We'll draw a lot of eyes we don't want on us.
Akihito: "Kagome and I could've done this by ourselves......"
Izawa: "I don't feel like letting you scuttle around without us."
Izawa speaks sharply. Blunt words are the most comfortable right now.
Izawa: "Let me make this clear――"
Izawa: "I don't like you. I don't like that snake either. While I'm at it, I don't like this Round Table group that Nana-whatever woman was from either."
Kagome: "Stop wandering around in front of me. You're in the way."
Izawa: "Y-you...every single time you......!"
They always try to intimidate each other no matter where they are.
Benio: "You two should really get along better."
Akihito: "None of us are that compatible with each other."
Benio: "I understand Mayu-Mayu since she was busy with work, but why didn't we bring O-Haru-san?"
Akihito: "We need to hide as many of our cards as possible."
Kagome: "Not bad for you, Akihito."
Kagome can't blend into the heat on the business district. Her hair remains black even with all seven colors of neon on it. A pitch-black that doesn't mix with anything.
In every era, it's the heroes and monsters that gather the most attention. The glow of something beyond the masses. Someone isolated by their abilities.
There are six of us. Not five, but six. The black dragon and the witch both count.
Nanase thinks Kagome's the fifth person. That gives us a one-woman advantage for later.
It may make the difference between life and death.
The new heart's pleasure district. We pass through the middle of it, where groups from Beijing are continually fighting with local yakuza, and head to the eastern edge.
Akihito: "Are you sure this is the right way?"
Izawa: "If you told me the right place, it is."
Izawa walks in front. The pedestrians open up a path for him, as if he's cursed. This is close to his territory. It's like his backyard.
A back alley a fair distance away from the pleasure district's noise. The shops along here all have their shutters closed. One of them has an open door to a staircase leading underground.
Izawa: "It's here."
Kagome: "No guards? How lazy."
Akihito: "......were you a child soldier or something?"
We head down the stairs, with only emergency lights to guide us. Apparently, this place used to be an underground casino.
Five years ago, after the terrorist attacks happened, this building needed such huge repairs it was abandoned. No one's bought it since.
There is a guard outside the door at the bottom.
Kagome: "Eliminate."
Once Kagome activates, she's a bomb.
Akihito: "Learn to control yourself."
Izawa: "Control for that woman is like putting a fuse on a bomb."
Benio: "You're one to talk, Izawa."
The guard was a weak-looking man with glasses. I feel rather sympathetic, since he was probably forced to do this.
All groups have a hierarchy. Be it a country or a school, it's always the commoners that draw the short straw.
Kagome: "Control? A worthless facade."
Kagome: "Akihito, every last piece of the world is made of war."
Akihito: "That's a heavy subject."
The black dragon infiltrates the knights' castle.
Izawa kicks down the door. At his feet lies a poor guard who took a punch to the solar plexus.
A staged scene, like a shot in a movie. My heart shrinks when I realize how much of a show we're making.
Fast-paced techno music flows out from the open door. The room has moody lighting and extensive decoration. Too nice for an abandoned casino.
Kagome looks around the seats with indifference and disdain. It's picturesque.
Nanase: "Who are you......Mizuwa-kun!?"
Akihito: "Yep, it's me."
I wave my hand and say hi. The room remains tense. I feel like their collective glares might burn me. It's far too obvious that we're not welcome here.
Benio: "......Akihito."
Benio tugs on my sleeve.
Izawa: "The weak dogs band together."
Round Table Master: "Hey, Watanuki! We told you to keep an eye out!"
The guard they called Watanuki is already out cold.
Round Table Master: "You useless......you can't even guard a simple door!?"
At a glance the number of people in here is more than twenty. They have nothing in common other than being young.
The idea that all these people are connectors doesn't faze me.
At first glance they look harmless, but they could manifest steel monsters in an instant. Ultimate tyrants, stronger than any ordinary military unit.
The ones that stand out the most among this extremely dangerous gathering are those sitting at the round glass table in the middle.
Literally knights at a round table. The legend has been reestablished in modern Japan.
There are twelve knights in total. I recognize one of them.
Takatou Nanase――Because of our sudden and violent entrance, she can't decide how to react.
Round Table Master: "......do you know them, Nanase-san?"
Nanase: "Yes, I encountered them just recently......"
Round Table Master: "So these are the ones from the rumors?"
Kagome: "There are rumors about us. Should we collect a fame tax?"
Akihito: "Why would we do that?"
Round Table Master: "It's all right. We wanted them to come here at some point anyway. This just saves time. So calm down, Konomi."
Round Table Master: "Someone take Watanuki away."
Konomi: "Kugura, he's in our coμ. Don't tell us what to do with him."
Kugura: "Don't be so irritable. We're not gonna get anywhere by shouting at each other, so I'm taking charge of the situation. You should be grateful."
Kugura: "You all agree, don't you?"
He realizes the Round Table isn't that happy, so he asks us.
He sits perfectly naturally in the center of his chair. He looks good enough to be a small-time entertainer. He acts like a big-shot though, possibly on purpose.
He talks lightly, but with an adult demeanor, and a tendency to look down on us. He stands out a lot.
There is some opposition from the peanut gallery, but this man has the skill to back it up, so no one revolts. I guess he's the chairman or speaker or something.
Akihito: "Are you the leader here?"
Kugura: "No. Since you probably don't know, the Round Table is a parliamentary system."
Kugura: "Us thirteen......aaah, well one of us is missing. But the Majestic Thirteen or MJ13 run the Round Table."
MJ13. Now that sounds like a secret society.
Konomi: "Damn that Caesar. He never even shows up to the regular meetings."
Konomi's been hot-tempered from the start. He looks like the martial arts type, with slicked back hair and a leather jacket.
Round Table Master: "Please calm down, Konomi-kun."
This guy's a slender pretty-boy type. His voice is soft too. He feels young, and looks well-raised.
Konomi: "How can we stay calm in this situation!? You always say the wrong thing, Kamishiro!"
Kamishiro: "I apologize for that. I do tend to say too much."
Kugura: "So, our chairman is this man, Kawabata. For today we can skip a lot of the details."
Izawa: "You really like to hear yourself talk."
Izawa spits on the carpet, brewing more hatred.
Kugura: "I don't know who told you about this place, but most of our meetings are here. We have regular meetings twice a month, and emergency meetings."
Kugura: "Today's an emergency meeting......about you, no less."
Akihito: "Thought so."
Kugura: "How much do you know about the Round Table?"
Akihito: "Not a lot, just hearsay on the net."
Kugura: "That's enough. I'll skip the boring details."
Kugura: "I'm Kugura Kouichi, one of the leaders of the Round Table. My title is Sir Lancelot."
Despite introducing the chairman, he starts explaining everything himself.
Kugura: "Now then, we don't know the exact number of coμs in Takakura City."
Kugura: "But there are definitely far more connectors out there than you think there are."
The Round Table members chat amongst themselves. Their anger stings me like fish-skin disease.
The organization that prides itself on equality and cooperation is torn between Nanase and the chairman.
Kugura: "Our first members came from a website where people exchanged information about early sightings of Girl A."
On the right are six people counting Kugura. On the left are four. I'm guessing these are the old and new members.
It's a common situation. The new guys demand equal standing, while the old guard say they're the ones who've been doing all the work.
Kugura: "About how many of Takakura's coμs have joined us, Kamishiro?"
Kamishiro: "I think it's around seventy percent."
Akihito: "That's impressive."
I'm the only one making safe responses to keep the conversation going.
Izawa's acting extremely annoyed by all this.
Benio's staying quiet because of all the angry eyes on her.
Kagome looks like she's glaring at a piece of pork on a butcher's floor.
Kugura: "It is. You could say the Round Table is the law."
Izawa: "......hey, Mizuwa, what the hell is this asshat talking about?"
Kugura: "What? These girls have no manners."
Izawa: "―――"
Akihito: "Sorry, this guy's a bit of an idiot."
I grab Izawa's shoulders and pull him toward me.
Akihito: "Cool down and shut up for a moment."
Izawa: "What's wrong with you? You should be yammering on twice as much as that cross-legged dick over there."
Despite that, Izawa is lowering his tone of voice. That proves he's calm.
Kugura: "The more people you get together, the more dissidents and idiots you find. We need rules to make things go smoothly. That's why the Round Table exists."
Kugura: "We've been showing all the other coμs in Coμnet how they should live. Of course, there's still some problems."
Law protected by the knights of the Round Table――May the blessings of God and justice grace their swords.
Akihito: "Are we one of those problems?"
Kugura: "Nanase might have told you before, but one of the Round Table's basic policies is hiding the coμs from normal society."
Kugura: "It'd be bad if all the normal people knew we had this power. You understand that, right?"
Konomi: "There's no way they'd understand. They don't even see Girl A."
Nanase: "That's......true, but we don't know anything about her either. We have no idea why we were chosen to have this power."
Kamishiro: "I think there has to be a reason. There even used to be rumors that there were ways to see Girl A again."
He starts talking about something unrelated to the topic at hand.
Kugura: "Oh, sorry, we've gotten off topic......what're your names?"
Akihito: "I'm Mizuwa. These three are Kagome, Izawa, and Benio."
Kugura: "Got it. Now, Mizuwa's coμ, you're drawing attention by using your power too recklessly."
I'm slightly bothered by how quickly he uses my name without any honorifics.
Kugura: "It'd be bad if you made a mistake and caused a big commotion. It'd be especially bad if some crazy coμ attacked you in a public area."
Like BKs.
Akihito: "So what do you want us to do?"
Kugura: "Join the Round Table and follow our instructions."
Kugura: "If you're with us, no one will be able to attack you without consequences. I think it's a good deal for you."
Akihito: "One question."
Kugura: "Go ahead."
Akihito: "What's the membership fee?"
Several people burst out laughing.
I tell them we'll think about it and we head back to the surface.
Nanase comes along to escort us out of the business district. Her long hair shakes like a tail. Something's bothering her. I can read it on her face.
Akihito: "............"
Kururi was following Takatou Nanase. She doesn't seem like the type to do bad things in secret, but you can never judge women by their appearance.
Six to four odds it's true. Not strong enough to ask her directly.
Akihito: "Is this the right number for you, Nanase-san?"
I open my phone and show it to her. It's displaying an image of Kururi instead of my wallpaper. I press a button to bring up Nanase's phone number.
Nanase: "Yes, that looks right."
No reaction to Kururi's photo. I don't think she's tough enough to hide it that well. Was the king's information wrong?
Akihito: "By the way, what happened to the man Kagome hospitalized......?"
Nanase: "You mean David? He was released three days later."
The witch's spell was broken.
For some reason, Nanase starts staring at me.
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun......you're a bigger man than I thought."
Akihito: "I am?"
Nanase: "You barged in on a Round Table meeting......I didn't think you were the type to do that."
Kagome: "She's calling you stupid, Akihito."
Akihito: "Don't translate it. I am a big man. Starting tomorrow you have to worship me."
Benio: "I don't like this......"
Izawa: "Do you want to get thrown into the bay?"
The outsider's opinion has a low approval rating.
Nanase: "Also, I would like to hear your decision soon about whether or not to join us......"
Akihito: "And you'd prefer it was "yes?""
Nanase: "......there have been a lot more new coμs than usual this year. The Round Table needs to deal with them......"
Nanase: "So everyone we can get to join us is a real help."
Kagome: "Hmph."
The witch ridicules the knights of the Round Table.
Akihito: "By the way, Nanase-san, it looked like one of the thirteen was missing today. Who was that?"
The thirteenth seat on the Round Table――――In Arthurian legend, that was the cursed seat that only Galahad could sit in because he found the Holy Grail.
Nanase: "The newest Round Table Master――He's called "Caesar." Since that's just an alias, none of us know his real name or face."
The lone woman at the Round Table reveals a complex grievance.
Nanase: "He asked to join the Table himself, and we agreed, making him the thirteenth master when there had only been twelve before."
Nanase: "Caesar only appeared in the Coμnet about a year ago, but it's very rare for him to appear in public, and when he does he hides his face――"
So no one knows the identities of anyone in that coμ.
Nanase: "Also......his actions often contradict the Round Table's policies, so he's becoming something of a problem."
Akihito: "He's not joining you for meetings either."
Nanase: "That's...true."
She smiles bitterly.
Nanase: "......no one knows who he is. We only know his alias and his power."
Nanase: "If I may speak frankly......he is a "king." He rules the forces that call themselves "Caesar's Legion.""
Benio: "Forces......?"
Benio furrows her brows at that dangerous word.
Nanase: "......during the one year he's been around, Caesar has defeated, suppressed, and unified many militant coμs."
Nanase: "They are his army. His legion."
Benio: "So you're saying......that's a cabal of coμs that favor fighting?"
Nanase: "More than just that. Caesar's Legion has the most organized leadership we've ever seen from a group of coμs."
Nanase: "Caesar, his invincible avatar "El-ahrairah," and his Legion―――"
Nanase: "At the moment Caesar is one of the most powerful connectors in the Coμnet."
Nanase: "So it should be a good thing that he joined the Round Table, but......"
Superior power and will. Most of all, he doesn't need to follow others' rules.
There's only one appropriate term for someone like that.
Akihito: "Sounds like a "hero.""
====================C006_050 スティングの登場_0601.json====================
Izawa: "......they were such a pain."
Izawa stretches, looking as if he was let out of a cage.
Benio: "......what's going to happen to us now?"
Benio hasn't been talking much tonight. She looks down and walks ahead of us.
Akihito: "None of us can predict the future."
I don't think Benio found what she was after in there. What she wanted doesn't exist anywhere.
Whether it's the holy knights of the Coμnet or the Round Table, all there is are realistic human interactions.
Jealousy, envy, hatred, discord, rank, control, classes, motives.
The Round Table swallows up all desires equally.
Benio called herself an ally of justice, and dreams of using the power Girl A gave her for that purpose.
She might not be able to reach what she wants. She stood up straight, on her tiptoes, and reached out――
But her fingers never grasped anything but empty air.
Akihito: "We'll have to think about how we want to handle the Round Table......"
Kagome: "Akihito."
The witch turns into a blade. I'll get cut if I touch her, so I hesitate to even speak to her.
Kagome: "We're being followed."
Under a bridge far from the bustling business district. We weren't led here, but we did lead them here.
The train rushing over our heads grows distant. I only hear us breathing, and the din of the city from far away.
Before a second train can pass over us, footsteps approach us from the darkness.
Man 2: "What's going on? Are you leading us down here?"
Man 1: "Who cares? They're saving us some time."
Man 3: "So we're sure these are the guys, right? It'd be bad if we got this wrong. Not that I really care."
More than ten people come out of the shadows one after another.
All of them are young, and wearing flashy outfits that don't go together. When they walk chains jingle around them, just like any other youngsters in the district at night.
With one exception. Every last one of them has the disgraceful smile of a human targeting defenseless prey.
Man 2: "――――Hey hey, Shuu-chan, are you sure it's that girl on the far right?"
Man 1: "No question. That's the same face from the ID, remember? Though she looks cuter in person."
Man 3: "Wow, Take......wait, how do you read this name?"
Man 2: "Are you stupid?"
Man 3: "Shut up, Taka. Umm......Takegawa......Benio......?"
The men juggle around a plastic case. It probably has Benio's student ID in it.
The smirking red-haired guy in front was called Shuu. I can read it on his face. The game's about to begin.
The same as a hunt. The prey runs, and the hunter chases. A game they can't possibly lose.
Benio: "You're......"
The men completely ignore Benio's reaction.
Man 2: "So, Kouji, what do we do? Get 'em right here?"
Man 3: "After what happened to Kaburaya's coμ, we can't underestimate them. Shuu-chan, let's wipe them out right now. I've gotta be up early tomorrow."
Man 1: "That'd be such a waste. Come on, we've gotta at least make them show their avatar or all this effort was for nothing."
Man 1: "Besides......there's a few cuties here. We might as well enjoy them."
He gets excited with a lewd smile.
Kagome: "Kaburaya......Kaburaya Zenjirou?"
Izawa: "Who the hell's that?"
Akihito: "......he was connected to the giant we fought on the hill."
Which means―――
Akihito: "These guys are BKs."
Beginner Killers. I don't know how they found us, but they're right here, right now.
Benio: "............!"
Benio gulps at my side.
Man 1: "What? You know Kaburaya? Yeah, that's right, you guys killed him."
Benio: "......"
Benio hardens like a stone. She hadn't heard it before, but that is the name of someone she killed.
Izawa: "Ha! So you're friends of those idiots who came at us with the giant and got themselves killed? You here for revenge or something?"
Izawa growls as he looks at our enemies. He sets his sights on them like a wild animal.
The men react with cheer, as if to say "That's more like it."
Man 1: "Sorry about this, Benio-chan, but you could summon your avatar? You won't die if you do that."
Man 2: "Well, we're gonna get 'em all anyway, hiheheheh."
Man 3: "This is stupid, let's just do it already, Shuu-chan."
Man 1: "Yeah, I don't wanna drag it out either. I want to start playing with Benio-chan already."
The red-haired man's gaze cuts into Benio. She grabs her shoulders and takes a few steps back. Not from fear, but from definite anger.
Benio: "If you're all friends with the guys who attacked us on the hill――"
The men's muffled chuckling proves they are.
Benio: "Then why did you do that!? We almost died there, and......you've already killed......so many others......"
Man 3: "So you do know about us. Not bad, Benio-chan."
Benio: "You know that breaking people's avatars kills them! How can you do that!?"
What she says is perfectly common sense, and a total waste of breath in this situation.
Izawa: "You idiot......"
The reason is simple. If you can step beyond formless things like conscience, morals, and logic, this gentle kingdom is filled with freedom.
The separation between people couldn't be more complete. You never feel any pain from hurting another.
A shred of malice is enough to usurp everything a stranger has. They can control, subjugate and violate them. It's a sweet temptation.
Akihito: "――――――!"
A chill runs down my spine.
It's closer to anger than terror.
Against these assholes, plundering lives just for fun.
The kind of people who can violate another human being with a smile on their face, just for their own pleasure―――
I can't stand to let them live another second.
Man 1: "Are you gonna show us your avatar or not? I'm not a patient man. Hurry it up or we'll start without you."
Swirling blue, shining gate lights. One, two, three――
Each one tears through the darkness, allowing an avatar to appear.
One is a Pentagruel.
One is an Ivanhoe.
And the last one――
Benio: "The scarlet......avatar."
Benio stops breathing.
It appeared out of the last gate. A sharp silhouette reminiscent of blades.Its body is a deep scarlet like fresh blood.
It's shaped like a carnivore from the canine family.A scarlet hound that cuts the world with invisible blades.
Benio: "......Akihito, that's......!"
Akihito: "These guys are definitely BKs......"
That's the scarlet avatar that tried to lure us out using Benio.
Three illusions tower over us. If all the wackos in front of us are connectors, that's clearly too few.
There are even more hiding nearby.
They aren't showing themselves yet.Extreme caution. I think of a hunter diligently cornering its prey.
There's no doubt in my mind.The people hiding are connected to the scarlet avatar.They're the ones we have to keep the closest eye on.
Izawa: "Perfect. If we slaughter all these guys at once everything will be solved!"
Akihito: "Benio!"
Benio: "Yeah!"
The pitch-black Babylon emerges from swirling light in front of us.
Man 1: "Haha, there it is! You finally showed it!"
Loading――Three wills connected to the dragon.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!　　　　　
The black dragon roars ferociously after life is blown into it.
The BKs have three avatars.Their Ivanhoe stands at the front. Babylon's in its way.
Haru and Mayuki are missing. Izawa makes up for that with sheer instinct.
Babylon's speed is far from ideal, but it's more than enough to fight back against the Ivanhoe.
Before its spear comes down on our heads, Babylon leaps forward and tears through its arm.
The three meter giant is blown high into the air.
The Ivanhoe falls to the ground, crashing into an illegally parked car.Broken glass and steel fragments fly out like a splash of water.
Man 1: "Wh-what the hell!?"
The pitch-black dragon blew their avatar away with a single blow, as if it was just a tree leaf.
The red-haired man can't believe what just happened. He looks back and forth between Babylon and the pitiful avatar lying on the ground.
Man 2: "......hey! No one said they were this strong!!"
Man 3: "Maybe they really did defeat Nanase......which one of you morons said that rumor was a lie!?"
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――
The dragon of darkness gives a low roar, and the BKs back up.
Man 1: "――――Stop screwing around! Takaaa, do it!"
Man 2: "Aramis! Stand up, Aramis!!"
Fear transforms into anger as he shrieks.
There's a huge depression in the Ivanhoe's chest. It creaks like broken gears as it stands up.
It's as unstable as a drunk. The base of its left arm is also broken, so it can't move that anymore.
It took the full force of Babylon's pre-emptive attack and can barely function anymore. And yet, the Ivanhoe still manages to stay standing.
Akihito: "......it's still moving?"
Man 1: "Kouji, I'll help! That thing may be a monster but it's three-on-one! Let's kill 'em!!"
Izawa: "Nnn......!"
The dragon stands ready. It can't move precisely.
Three-on-one. The red-head's words are cruelly accurate. If they can get just one avatar past Babylon, they can target us directly.
Babylon's black shield deflects the invisible blades. It can brush aside the other avatars. But there are limits to that everlasting black wall.
Without Mayuki, we have to defeat all three avatars including the scarlet hound before we run out of magic for the shield.
Izawa knew we could handle two at once, which is why he immediately attacked one without hesitation. Unfortunately that Ivanhoe survived it.
Izawa didn't make a mistake. The BKs' avatars are tougher than we expected, probably because they've leveled up.
Power they gained by tearing apart innocent beginners, which protected them from the black dragon's claws.
Akihito: "Izawa――"
Eye contact. Izawa already understands we're at a disadvantage. When it comes to combat, he smells things faster than any of us.
Kagome: "We're doomed."
I look at Kagome too, and her answer is cold. We can't use the same trick we used against Nanase. There's too many enemies, and we're too close to draw them away from their avatars.
Even Kagome doesn't stand a chance against an avatar by herself.
Plus the scarlet Gevaudan is here. The invisible magic blades cut through everything within a few dozen meters using only a single swipe.
The witch's magic can't match that.
Humans are human――――
Only heroes can defeat monsters, not witches.
Akihito: "――――"
Is there anything we can do? We made it look like we're winning by surprising them at first, but we've got a sheer cliff behind us. We have nowhere to run.
Benio: "............are we in trouble?"
Benio can't analyze the combat situation, but she can read my face.
Benio: "......I don't want to lose......not to people like that."
She mutters, like a prayer.
Prayers won't reach anyone. There's nothing here to answer prayers.
If anything would reach someone――
Death. Defeat. Annihilation. Resignation.
Those are right in front of me, but―――
―――It comes from above.
Man 2: "Eh......?"
So suddenly......
So unexpectedly......
So unfairly......
So inexplicably......
Light falls down.
A sharpened blade runs through the Ivanhoe's chest from behind.
It slides in without a sound, stabbing the ground without a single piece of debris flying out.
Not one person here can take their eyes off it.
It's a blade.
Not metaphorically. It's an enormous piece of steel.It's almost three meters long, without a single unnecessary decoration.A perfectly flawless steel sword.
Sharp and slender. Hard but strong.An ultimate entity that could cut through my soul with mere eye contact.
The eternal white blade fell straight down from the sky.
That one attack ran through the Ivanhoe's core.It loses all strength and slides off the blade.
If avatars have a concept of death, then that's exactly what the blade just imparted.
Man 2: "――――"
The man's face is both laughing and crying.Connectors whose avatar was destroyed.The death cries of five men tear through the night.
Man 1: "What......what!? What the hell is that!?"
The "blade" rotates.
The Ivanhoe is still skewered on it as it turns.
The blade cuts the Ivanhoe in twain without even the sound of metal biting into other metal.
The cut surface is smooth like a polished mirror.
One rotation――
The blade flies toward its next prey before the two halves of the body can fall to the ground.
It sets its sights on the scarlet Gevaudan.
It moves at god-like speed, leaving sound itself in its wake.Even the scarlet avatar's speed can't hold a candle to it.
The hound's right arm is severed without a sound.
Akihito: "――――――!"
The flowing blade is merciless and vivid. A supreme weapon.
The perfect elegance of it doesn't terrify us so much as draw our eyes to it.
The scarlet avatar evaded it only by sheer coincidence.
The blade turns to a shooting star climbing back up into the night sky.
It turns around, and falls.
Another flash.
The scarlet avatar runs. It looks as if it's screaming pitifully.
A gate opens in front of us. It flees into the bluish-white light.
A hair's breadth. A silent slash without even the sound of air rushing. The space previously occupied by the scarlet avatar is cut by the supreme blade.
The Pantagruel is the only one left. It goes mad, as if emulating the terror of its connectors, charging straight toward the blade.
Man 1: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
The blade rotates―――
It points toward the Pantagruel. An iron will far too cold to call bloodlust.
The blade flies brilliantly. The ray of light targets its core.
The Pantagruel's right arm swings toward it like a hammer. No matter how fast it is, no matter how sharp it is, as long as you know it's coming―――
That logic doesn't work.Human reasoning can't match that thing.Human fairy tales are powerless before that thing.
Perhaps it could even pierce the edge of the world.
―――It flies.
The blade passes through it.
Less resistance than if it'd flown through water.The blade cuts through the Pantagruel's arm without slowing down in the slightest, then runs through its chest.
Man 1: "......"
The red-haired man and his friends clutch their chests and fall over.They look as if they have no idea what happened to them, even in their final moments.
Silence falls.
The blade floats high in the air.
It emotionlessly lords over a world that ended in death.
I'm not so much terrified as stunned. Is this thing an avatar?
Avatars are loaded with human wills. This blade feels too inhuman for that.
It flew down from the heavens without any gate light, and creates a massacre.
Is it really accurate to call that an "avatar?"
If this thing―――
If it targets us next, then......
My heart is clutched by a chill like hundreds of thousands of icicles being stabbed into me.
I gaze at the floating blade, digging into it with my eyes, ensuring I don't miss its slightest motion.
If it destroys Babylon, I'll die, as well as Benio and Izawa, plus Mayuki and Haru who aren't even here.
How can something that stupid happen?
But I can't even send Babylon back into the gate, much less try making it move.
If that triggers it......If that causes it to attack us......
We wouldn't be able to do anything. I don't have to try it to know that.
We can't fight it, face it, or resist it. It's in another dimension entirely.
Fighting it means defeat. Facing it means dying. Resisting it is logically impossible.
A flawlessly polished blade that reminds me of death itself.
The blade has been hovering in the air for several seconds now.
At long last, it flies off into the night sky, just as inexplicably as when it appeared.
====================C006_055 ロンドの登場_0414231.json====================
It was such a sudden massacre. The blade avatar......That force of nature flies off into the sky as we all gaze up at it.
Kagome: "――――"
Kagome reacts first.
Izawa: "You're still here!?"
Izawa reacts a breath later, watching the darkness under the bridge.At the same time, Babylon rushes forward.
A faint sound. Unmistakably human footsteps.
Akihito: "Wait, Izawa! That's a human――"
My shout doesn't reach him in time. Babylon pounces on the darkness, colliding with something enormous.
The dragon stumbles.
A huge object suddenly appeared, and is now floating in the air opposite the pitch-black dragon.
Benio: "Is this another avatar......?"
An object――
Its shape is so strange that I can't call it anything else.
It's sort of like an upside-down cone made of countless gears and polygons. It has no legs, floating silently like a balloon.
Izawa: "At least I get to clean up the survivors."
???: "―――Don't lump me in with them. My pride won't allow that."
In the darkness where the dragon and the strange object face off amidst several corpses, a theatrical line slips out.
???: "I can't believe that thing came out......you guys are either cursed by the devil or extremely lucky."
One set of footsteps, underneath a street light forming a spotlight in the thick darkness.
???: "The black dragon lives up to the hype, but honestly you would've been in real danger if Sting hadn't shown up."
A single girl walks out from under the "object" floating opposite Babylon.
It's as if a flower just bloomed. It's the middle of the night, but she's so bright and vivid. She draws our eyes in a different way from Kagome.
Blonde hair, green eyes, and brown skin. That red jacket is rather gaudy, but it works perfectly on her.
Like a princess visiting from a far-off land. She gently folds her arms and bends back, striking a nice pose.
Izawa: "......tsk, a woman?"
Akihito: "Calm down, Izawa."
Akihito: "So, who are you? I assume you're a connector too?"
The floating "object" seems to be serving her.
???: "Yes, I'm a connector, just like you. I watched what happened with the BKs."
Rondo: "Let me introduce myself――Rondo Rondo. That's my name."
Akihito: "......"
Izawa: "Huh......?"
Kagome: "......"
Three of us react with puzzlement.
Benio: "The thing that just flew by......was that your avatar? Did you save us?"
Benio's the first to speak.
Rondo: "Non, not me. Can't you tell? My avatar is this one here―――Miss Jh."
The floating object is an avatar in the Burroughs category.
Izawa: "......what's with her? She's irritating."
Not the kind of person Izawa would get along with.
Akihito: "I'm guessing you aren't friends with the BKs."
Rondo: "Didn't I just say so? My pride won't allow me to be lumped in with them."
Kagome: "This is a very conveniently-timed appearance."
Rondo: "I wouldn't call it a coincidence. I was following the BKs for my own reasons, which is how I ended up here."
Rondo: "I was planning to help you if things went south, but there was no need."
She looks up at the sky, where the blade disappeared.
Benio: "Umm......Rondo...san? If that wasn't your avatar, then what......?"
Rondo: "Just call me Rondo."
Benio: "O-okay. Umm, I'm Benio. This is Akihito, Izawa, and Kagome-san."
Izawa: "Keh!"
Kagome: "Hmph."
These two are utterly uncooperative.
Akihito: "So do you know what that thing was?"
Rondo: "―――That was the legendary Sting."
Akihito: "Legendary?"
Rondo: "Yes. An urban legend told throughout the Coμnet."
Us coμs are all urban legends already, so it's almost laughable that we tell legends ourselves.
Rondo: "Some say it's the oldest avatar, but no one's been able to confirm if it's an avatar at all."
Rondo: "Sting just flies and judges, as you saw."
Benio: "Judges? ......does it look for evil coμs?"
Rondo: "Who knows? Sting just kills. Inexplicably, unreasonably, absolutely."
Rondo: "No one knows where, when, or why it first appeared. It just flies in, cuts avatars apart, and disappears."
Rondo: "It's a legend. This is the first time I saw it myself."
Rondo: "If anyone knows where Sting comes from and where it goes――――"
Rondo: "I'd put my money on Girl A."
A delicate yet gorgeous smile.
Izawa makes a low growl in his throat as if to threaten her. They definitely won't get along.
Izawa: "This is getting stupid. I'm leaving now."
He takes one look at the corpses at our feet. The coμs connected to two avatars. A total of ten deaths.
Benio stands before the pile of bodies.
Akihito: "Benio-san."
Benio: "Kyawa!?"
She screams when I touch her shoulder.
Benio: "D-don't scare me like that......"
She puffs her cheeks, acting more lively than she is. Her lips look pale.
Akihito: "Don't worry about it. We didn't do this."
Benio: "......yeah, that's true......I know it's true, but......"
It's tough fighting for justice. There are too many things you have to protect. It prevents you from doing anything.
Akihito: "And you――"
Rondo: "Rondo Rondo."
Akihito: "Okay, Rondo Rondo. So what are you gonna do? It'd be bad if the cops found us here, so we're gonna get going soon."
Her well-shaped lips curve elegantly.
Rondo: "I will too. Now that the BKs are gone, all my effort was wasted."
She shrugs dramatically. She doesn't flinch at the dead bodies at her feet. She's tougher than she looks.
Benio: "Thank you, Rondo Rondo."
Honest gratitude. Rondo fails to grasp the meaning of it.
Rondo: "I haven't done anything to be thanked for."
Benio: "You still planned on helping us, right? That's plenty. Thank you."
Rondo: "......you say some funny things, Benio."
Benio: "Do I?"
Akihito: "Come on, let's get going."
Benio: "Goodbye, Rondo. Hopefully we see each other again."
She bows one more time.
Rondo: "Goodbye, Benio. If Girl A wills it, I'm sure we'll meet again."
Rondo Rondo says quietly as we part.
====================C007_005 烏丸手虎_0601.json====================
Karasuma Tetora is bad at lying. There's no particular reason. He's just bad.
It's been causing problems for him for a long time.
Karasuma can't even tell little white lies to politely end a conversation.
The world needs lies.
We teach our children that it's bad to lie, but in the real world, there are a lot of things that won't work without them.
In the end, Karasuma grew up as a man that didn't say much. He can't lie, so he just doesn't talk at all.
The smell of gasoline and exhaust fumes seeps into the walls and the street. It's not rare in this city, but he's never been able to get used to it.
He knows this parking garage well. No one uses it late at night, and the security cameras have lots of blind spots. It's an ideal place to do business.
He walks between the vehicles toward a corner in the back.
Four men are waiting for him. They're all business partners.
Hoodlum Leader: "What's wrong? You look out of it tonight."
Karasuma: "I've been dealing with a one-sided crush lately."
Hoodlum Leader: "Haha!"
Karasuma is always honest. He's bad at lying so he says exactly what he's thinking, but people always seem to take it as a joke.
He doesn't understand that.
Hoodlum Leader: "Let's get this over with."
Their leader pulls an adorable stuffed animal out of his sports bag.
A pink teddy bear. It's made in China, but the tag is in German. In department stores, it's sold for ten times the manufacturing cost.
But the issue is what's on the inside. The packs of white powder stuffed inside the cotton will easily sell for millions of yen per bear.
Hoodlum Leader: "Hey, what's wrong?"
Karasuma doesn't hold out a hand, which makes the leader suspicious.
Karasuma's been thinking. In fact, he's been wanting to put an end to these deals for a while.
It started as an accident. He started because he had the chance to, and he kept doing it because he had no reason to stop.
He makes pretty decent money from it. But now he has other things he wants to do, so he's going to stop doing this.
That makes sense, but Karasuma and his friends know far too much about these dangerous deals. He can't just leave.
Their leader is getting excited all on his own.
He rambles on about stuff Karasuma doesn't care about, like new drugs coming in and how he wants more sales next month and whatever.
―――Too bad I can't do anything about that.
Karasuma: "Sorry, but I'd like to stop doing this after today."
He has to do what he decided he'd do. Humans are best when they're honest.
Hoodlum Leader: "Huh? ......come on, that's not funny......"
Karasuma: "It's been a good run, but this is goodbye. Hope to see you again somewhere else."
Hoodlum Leader: "......hey, are you serious?"
The mood changes. The leader asks, faking a nice voice. The others look at each other, wondering if Karasuma has totally lost it.
Karasuma: "I meant what I said."
He puts his hands together and bows. He's serious.
Hoodlum Leader: "Umm, well......if you apologize like that, I can't really say no."
Hoodlum Leader: "But you know that saying you'll quit on a whim like that causes problems for us, right? We have to keep up appearances for the boss and all......"
The leader gestures to the guys behind him as he keeps that faint smile plastered across his face. It's obvious what guys like this do in these situations, but Karasuma isn't good with pain either.
Apparently they're worried about losing their boss' trust. Because of Karasuma. That's no good. He feels sorry about that. He might as well put those concerns to rest.
Karasuma: "It's fine, you won't have to worry about that."
First, the man on the left.
Without a sound, his body is cut apart at the hips.
His head, arms and legs are all cut off before the two halves of his body can tough the ground. Seven pieces in total.
A moment later, blood gushes out.
The organs and fresh blood flying out mix with the smell of gasoline, making the air thicker and wetter than before.
The smell enters his nose. It was a bit overkill, but now that the man is just a thing, he's far better off. He can't lie or worry about anything. Yes, it's wonderful.
Hoodlum: "Ah......hii!?"
The other three don't seem to understand what happened at all. One of them screams, his face red from his friend's blood.
He's afraid. So pitiful.
Cut.
All of his joints are severed, and he falls to the floor in pieces like a Jenga tower.
Kurasuma tries to count how many pieces he's in, but gives up after twenty-one.
Something is clinging to the parking garage ceiling. He knew from the beginning this would happen. Nothing would've happened to them if they just let him go, but......
Hoodlum Leader: "Ha, hya, kya! Uaaaa!"
The third man makes a shrill scream before the leader. He runs impulsively toward the exit.
Cut.
He thought he was running, but everything below his knees has been cut off.
The rest of his body is cut into four before it hits the ground. His face still has a strained smile on it.
Karasuma: "See? You won't have to worry about what happens next now."
Karasuma smiles with exactly the same face as usual. A vacant, meaningless smile, like a slit cut out of a mask.
Hoodlum Leader: "Th-this can't be...y-your......doing...th-this is...isn't...possi――...ah!"
He answers Karasuma with a conditioned response, still not understanding any of what's happening.
The scarlet monster falls to the ground.
Karasuma's avatar. They call it "Jack the Ripper."
Jack can cut anything in two. People, things, machines, buildings. He slices, dices, severs, and separates.
Hoodlum Leader: "Hya, ha, hii, gii, higii, ah, ah, agii......!"
The man is almost crawling in an attempt to flee. His reason is completely gone. Fear alone keeps him moving.
Karasuma targets him as he flees. Suddenly, he remembers.
These men work for an organization. If they die and his group is fine, they're going to suspect his group right away.
Karasuma: "Well, I'll just clean them up too if that happens."
The man opens his mouth to scream, and it gets cut in half.
Cut.
Karasuma: "Okay."
He savors the moment like a five-star chef.
A dismantled world. Peaceful and tranquil.
Any lying piece of trash becomes silent when taken apart.
Karasuma: "That's not bad."
He's captivated by it. This is rather beautiful.
However, he already knows something more beautiful.
Something perfect.
A beautiful blade without the slightest flaw. The first emotion in his life that ever shook him to the core. It wields fear in a sweet and graceful manner.
His spine shivers repulsively as his heart pounds with joy.
Could such a thing be real?
Yes―――
A hot, wet breath escapes him, like that of a prostitute drowning in pleasure.
He doesn't know what he should do anymore.
He doesn't know, but he's in a hurry.
―――He has to go there right away.
====================C007_010 コミュ狩り_0601.json====================
Izalone around midnight. It's unusual for customers to still be here.
The city's been pretty dangerous lately, so their late-night business has dried up.
Salaryman: "It'd be so much easier if everything had a right answer."
Tianwen: "Some would say the lack of an answer is what makes those things fun."
The Owner chats with one of the customers at the bar. At times witty, at times elegant, he performs his job with a sublime sense of what distance to maintain.
Sometimes young girls, fans of his, show up and screech for a while.
Salaryman: "What about you, Owner?"
Tianwen: "I'm a coward."
As they chat, closing time arrives.
Akihito: "This is the first I've heard of your supposed cowardice, Owner."
Tianwen: "Don't say that. I'm like a rabbit that can't survive being alone. Plus I get freaked out easily. Kyaa, cockroaches are scary!"
Akihito: "Gyaaa!? Get off my butt!!"
He grabs my hips.
Tianwen: "I prefer it a bit softer than this though."
Akihito: "No one asked!"
Tianwen: "I'm worried about your diet, Akihito-kun. You've been looking pale a lot recently, so I'm wondering if you're having digestive troubles."
Chai Tianwen rests an elbow on the counter with an affectatious smile.
Akihito: "Do I really look like that?"
Tianwen: "You're good at playing dumb for your age, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "My life has its fair share of secrets."
The Owner puts two cocktail glasses on the deserted counter. He shakes up a drink and pours it into them. The way his hands moved imply he just made this up.
Tianwen: "This is on me."
Akihito: "In that case............
gefu! This is awful!"
I spit out the salty, scratchy cobalt blue fluid. The Owner skillfully evades it.
Tianwen: "Yet another failure? I was so sure I had a winner this time."
Akihito: "Taste these things yourself first!"
Tianwen: "Eeeh? Don't say that to Tian-chan~"
Akihito: "That's not cute."
It makes me more annoyed.
Tianwen: "Well, at least it served to shake things up a bit."
Akihito: "Should you really be complimenting yourself?"
Tianwen: "You seem to have a lot of problems lately."
He gets us back on the previous topic.
Akihito: "......I've been making a series of mistakes I seriously regret. Two big ones now."
Tianwen: "That does sound bad. On par with a mini-screwdriver being jammed under your fingernails to break them."
Tianwen: "But that's still valuable experience. There's a lot you can learn from pain. Only when you're young can you take action and force it to work out."
Akihito: "......you're pretty grim today, Owner."
Tianwen: "I am a beautiful young man always equipped with both soberness and kindness."
And tonight――
A picture of Kururi smiling is still on my phone's display.
Akihito: "Do you know anything about this girl?"
Business District Resident: "Nothing."
Business District Resident: "I think I saw her somewhere......"
Business District Resident: "......"
After midnight, the waves of people in the business district start to calm down. I hear there used to be a time when people would run around making noise for days on end.
Those are all dreams, like bursting bubbles. The echoes of that era have long since left this place.
Under the neon chaos, I continue drifting aimlessly, seeking a clue about Kururi.
The height of the sky starts making me feel sad. It's far too distant for my hand to reach. If I tried, my fingers would only grab empty air.
I should have abandoned these thoughts a very long time ago. Why are they bothering me now?
Akihito: "Ha......"
Feeling like lashing out at things isn't going to make the world change.
Whether someone is here or not, the Earth will keep on spinning.
Ayaya: "Did you hear, Senpai? Yosshi's gonna be out of the hospital soon."
Lunch break. I open my bentou on a bench with no master. Ayaya sits next to me, sticking a straw into her strawberry milk pack.
Akihito: "Is Yoshimori okay now?"
A game I played a long time ago passes through my mind. I don't normally play that many games, but someone pushed me to try it, insisting it'd be fun.
I was a warrior of the oppressed minority. I and my comrades fought the tyrants for our release. I was basically playing a terrorist.
We crushed their fortress, razed their bases and snuck into their castle. I'm not sure how I feel about that premise, but there was nothing I could do about it.
Eventually I unified enough races to start a war with the empire. The hard fight ended in victory, but as soon as it ended I became not a hero, but a target of resentment.
After fighting people from every race to level up, all of them had reason to hate me. Once our common enemy was vanquished, that hatred bloomed.
The ending showed us heroically leaving our home, proud that we saved the world.
A lonely journey with no end in sight. Just thinking about it hurt.
And yet, once I turned the game console off, that story ended. The hardship and the emotion stopped right there.
But in reality―――
Akihito: "......a lot's happened, but do you think it worked out okay?"
Ayaya: "I think it did. That's what Ayaya believes. I mean, we all did our best, and we're moving forward now."
Akihito: "You're positive."
Ayaya: "But of course! A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step! Keep your dreams big and someday you'll manage 148,000 lightyears!!"
Ayaya points beyond the sky.
Reality continues, never ending, until it ends.
We accept what we've done, what wounds we've received, and the regret we carry.
Evening. The rays of sun color the station plaza red. Those of us meeting on the bench form a very strange group.
First, me, after getting out of school.
Kagome's not here today. When I'm alone things are calm and less poisonous. Something feels lacking, but that's probably because of the witch's daily brainwashing.
Akihito: "......that's a dangerous sign."
Benio comes next.
It's been a while since Benio could go outside without fear. Thanks to Sting, she has nothing to worry about tonight.
Sting. The illusionary avatar spoken of like a legend in the Coμnet.
It appeared for no reason and with no warning, performed an inexplicable massacre, and suddenly disappeared. It was like a storm of death.
The legends about Sting can't be counted if you include the fakes.
Every avatar it targets is killed without exception.No one can even damage it.
Even by avatar standards it's just so different that the net talks about it like a god or a demon.
The night we visited the Round Table, the BKs targeting Benio were almost wiped out by Sting.
The scarlet avatar did escape, but we can still rejoice about how much weaker they are now.
Benio: "Here's a gift."
Benio jogs back carrying two ice cream cones she just bought.
Benio: "I haven't had a chance to enjoy the town for a while."
Akihito: "The red guy's still out there. Don't go too crazy."
Benio: "I know that, but......anyway, ice cream!"
She immediately holds one out. I eat it to kill some time.
The last person is Izawa. He comes a while after the time we agreed on.
Akihito: "―――So, that's about it."
I summarized the important parts of Yoshimori's aftermath. I reported that she'll be leaving the hospital soon.
Benio: "I see."
That's rather cold for Benio. She puts the rest of her strawberry ice cream in her mouth violently and swallows it.
Akihito: "Don't eat it that way."
Benio: "――"
More people fill the park as the sun descends. This area is dominated by the young. A different sort from those in the pleasure district.
Akihito: "What's left of them――?"
I'm referring to the drug dealing groups. Izawa took care of the figureheads with Babylon, but that doesn't necessarily mean the rest of them can't retaliate.
Izawa: "I told you I'd crush them."
Izawa believes in doing what he says.
Benio: "Yoshimori-san......why did she have to go through all that? She's a good girl. She didn't do anything wrong."
Benio crumples up her wrapper and throws it into the trashcan.Two points.
Benio: "And yet those horrible things happened to her. People hurt her. Her body might recover, but that doesn't mean......"
Wounds heal. They only heal. They don't disappear. Even after pain turns into memories......
Akihito: "That's true."
I give a quick answer, crumple up my wrapper, and throw it.Miss.
Akihito: "――――"
During the Yoshimori incident, I put off making a decision, and Izawa made it for me, for better or for worse.
Sakaguchi's group was punished. Babylon attacked them, hurting them in ways that will keep them from ever walking again.
I searched my heart, but I never did find any sympathy for them. Honestly, good riddance to them.
Akihito: "Izawa......I asked someone I know in the police about that case. He says the investigation will probably conclude that they were taking some of the drugs and had a big fight."
Benio: "That sounds so irresponsible......"
Akihito: "Well, even if they all agree on a story about a huge black monster attacking them, everyone will just call them crazy."
Truth is more ridiculous than fiction.
Avatars. They appear and disappear like magic. Fantastic monsters that exist outside what's normal.
Izawa: "Scram! Go the fuck away!"
Izawa suddenly shouts.
Akihito: "What was that for?"
Izawa: "We've been getting stares for a while."
We're gathering attention. Benio on my right. Izawa on my left. A flower in each hand, as they say. Passersby who know nothing whistle as they walk by.
Izawa: "They need to shut up."
Izawa would go nuts if someone called him a woman, so he doesn't understand stuff like this. The mad dog is only sensitive to hostility.
Girl: "Did you wait? I'm sorry."
A tall girl rushes over to us. She waves her hand and runs up to Izawa.
Akihito: "......"
Who is this!? Izawa has a woman!? A cute girl!!? The pure type who'd look great in a one-piece!!!? 
Benio: "――!?"
Akihito: "――!?"
Benio and I look at each other. We're both shocked by this.
Izawa: "You need to watch the time better. Come sooner next time."
Girl: "Don't say that......"
The girl pouts her lips.
Akihito: "What? What's going on? Don't tell me......"
Benio: "Who is she!? Who!?"
Benio pressures him――
Izawa: "What's the big deal? She's my little sister."
Akihito: "Gya!?"
Benio: "No way!?"
The shocking confession makes my heart skip a beat. It would've been better if he said girlfriend.
Akihito: "Step-sister!?"
Izawa: "We're blood-related, you asshole!"
Benio: "Genes are amazing! They can mutate so much!"
Keiko: "Nii-chan, you should choose your friends better."
Izawa: "These two aren't anything like that."
She's honest and adorable. Nothing like Izawa. She bows her head politely.
Keiko: "Thank you for taking care of Nii-chan. I'm sure he's caused lots of problems for you."
Akihito: "A proper greeting!?"
Benio: "This is amazing!!"
Benio and I are amazed in rude ways.
There's no way she's actually his sister. Even if that's somehow true, they just can't be blood-related.
Izawa: "Bye now. I'm going. I promised to hang out with her."
Keiko: "Okay. Please keep taking care of Nii-chan."
Izawa: "Shut up already."
Keiko: "What's the problem? It's true."
Izawa's sister takes his hand and they walk away.
Benio: "He's actually a good brother......"
Akihito: "A world we know nothing about......"
His huge sister runs and spins around him. They seem to be enjoying themselves.
Akihito: "............"
No matter who dies, no matter who's missing, the world keeps flowing onward without changing.
That's the way it should be. We should dream of the unseen tomorrow instead of living in the unchanging past.
I'm sure that's the right way to do it.
Benio: "What should we do tonight? Look for Senpai-san again?"
Akihito: "Well, that's my plan. I still don't have work......"
My life of drifting through the city at night continues. I've gathered plenty of gossip and rumor about the super-detective. I know nothing about where Kururi actually is.
Finding a single person in this huge city is like looking for a needle in a sand dune.
I sigh with exhaustion, but quietly so Benio doesn't notice. 
I looked, and looked, and kept on looking, but it may have been for nothing. The weight of that futile effort pushes down on my shoulders.
I don't get these things back once I lose them.
Effort. Wishes. Pain. Tragedy. All those things are washed away equally in this place. Perhaps they're all worthless―――
Akihito: "Nyu."
She pulls on my cheeks with both hands.
Benio: "Forget it. We're not looking for her today. Get some rest, then fight. You need to clear your mind once in a while."
Akihito: "Nyu-nyu-nyu-nyu-nyu!"
Benio: "Let's go get some dinner. Take me somewhere."
The crosswalk signal turns green. Benio makes the strongest smile she can with a clear face. It's night, but I feel like I see the sun in her.
Benio: "Is that okay? Is it?"
Akihito: "......ohkway."
Benio: "Yaaay."
She seems happy. Banzai. For some reason I feel more at ease.
We walk around for a while and select a small German eatery behind the park.
The basement of a building facing an unpopular street. It's small, but it is the real thing, and proud of its German beer. The prices are a bit high.
Akihito: "They're gonna try and make us drink something."
Benio: "I don't think alcohol is appropriate for anyone."
A big street heading along Central Park. I walk alongside Benio, under the pale lights lining the street.
Benio casually puts her arm around mine. I feel the delicate but soft girl through my arm.
I look at her, wondering what she's doing, and the ally of justice smiles invincibly. My sinking heart moves back up a little. Men are simple.
Benio: "The cheese in that place is really good, though kinda weird."
Akihito: "Should we take Mayuki and O-Haru-san next time?"
Benio: "Good idea. We're all friends, so we should......"
Benio uses the word "friends" very naturally.
Akihito: "Friends......"
Benio: "Aren't we? We're all connected to Babylon. But I wish we got along better."
Benio: "I wish we were more friendly. A lot more. We should be doing these things together, as a big group."
Simple, just like her.
We were just connected suddenly one day, and given the title of "coμ."
We're too weakly connected to call friends, and we don't feel much for each other. But we still form a group without those things.
Though it might be better if what Benio's saying comes true.
Akihito: "You're really optimistic, Benio-chan."
Benio's face suddenly changes, then she tries to answer.
One of the streetlights on the road suddenly flickers strangely.
It flashes twice. The main street along the park.No other people. Darkness, light, darkness, light.
That's all.
A common malfunction.
Benio: "............"
I notice Benio went quiet.Nothing's there, but she's standing still.
I quiet my breath naturally. The back of my neck feels prickly.A lukewarm breeze.
Akihito: "――――"
My mouth is dry and scratchy.
Our conversation ended suddenly.
I feel like a thin layer of ice under my feet has opened to reveal a bottomless chasm.
I can't go any farther forward.
I look to my left and my right. I see nothing out of the―――
It appears without any warning.
Benio: "――――!"
A voice of terror.
A red color comes down right in front of me. An almost silent landing.
There was no gate light, so it must have been waiting for us, already summoned.
Scarlet eyes. A scarlet body. A sharp silhouette reminiscent of a blade.
The scarlet avatar――
The streetlights are all cut down at the base in one swing.The upper halves slide down and fall to the ground in unison.
Darkness comes.
The hound is right in front of us.Behind a thick blackness, the one scarlet eye gives off a brilliant light.
Benio clings to my left arm. She clings so hard her nails dig into me.
I need to get Babylon――――
No. It won't make it in time.
It'd have plenty of time to cut us into eight pieces and head back home before Babylon came all the way out.
Benio: "Ah! ......ah, a......"
Akihito: "――――!"
That scarlet eye peers at us. The inorganic glass eye reflects me and Benio. It covers us in red.
――I remember the red color.
A scarlet very similar to that red from the past.A sharp mold like a blade raised high in the air.
This thing is the same as back then.
Like despair visiting upon us inexplicably, unreasonably, meaninglessly, and without warning.
Akihito: "――――"
I have no words. I can't speak.
Death―――
I feel death itself nearby.I can't move, as if my legs are numb.Even my heart stops beating.
The scarlet hound. This guy's different. It's not like the other BKs.
It's not doing this for fun, nor does it have the excitement of a hunter.
A monster I can't understand. I can't even laugh at myself.
We can't escape it. There's no way.This is an undeniable end without the slightest chance of survival.
But so what―――?
At the very least......
At the very least, Benio should――――
Akihito: "........................"
The scarlet avatar turns around just as suddenly as it appeared.It leaps high into the air, disappearing once more into the forest.
Akihito: "――――――"
What just happened?
Benio: "Akihito......what was......that......?"
Akihito: "――――It let us live?"
Her mind, frozen with terror, finally begins to understand that we're alive.
We run back home.
I make an extra-thorough check of all the doors and windows before remembering those things won't keep out an avatar.
I don't stop to catch my breath until Kagome comes over.
Kagome: "I see......that was dangerous."
That's Kagome's reaction to my story. Her unusually plain and ordinary answer tells me just how dangerous this situation is.
Kagome: "What about the flat-chest?"
Benio: "............"
Akihito: "She's still shaken up."
Benio's a pillbug under my blanket right now. She's afraid to be alone in a room with a closed door, so she fled to my bed instead.
I understand how she feels. I don't think I can stay calm tonight without feeling someone else's presence.
Akihito: "I knew it could happen, but reality shoved it in my face. That's no good. I can't do anything about it......"
Kagome: "In a war between coμs, the best tactic is――"
Akihito: "――Strike first."
If you know where the enemy lives, it's easy to dispose of them. No matter how powerful avatars are, human connectors control them.
When an avatar catches you by surprise, like tonight, just getting away from it is nigh impossible.
Kagome: "Even you seem to understand that logic, Akihito."
Kagome rolls over and stretches, seemingly uninterested.
Her white legs extend from below the white shirt. A rather lascivious pose.
Kagome: "What is it? Are you lusting?"
Akihito: "......get back on topic."
Kagome: "Between coμs, the first to attack has an absolute advantage."
Kagome: "You got lucky this time, Akihito. If you don't want it to happen again, never think about going outside without telling me."
Akihito: "......you weren't at school. How could I have told you?"
I sigh with terror and fatigue. I lean back against the sofa and ask the big question.
Akihito: "Why the hell didn't he kill us......?"
No answer comes from Kagome. Apparently, there are some things even the witch doesn't know.
====================C007_020 繰莉からの電話_0601.json====================
At some point I fell asleep on the sofa. The lights in this room are off.
There's a towel on my stomach. Kagome must have put it on me, like a stubborn mother.
Akihito: "Ahu......"
My exhaustion is peaking after the last several days. I head to my bedroom like a prisoner returning to solitary confinement. I run out of energy after three steps. I fall into my bed.
Benio: "Gyau!?"
I collide with something soft that isn't a cushion. Benio comes out from under the sheets like a caterpillar, looking at me like a shocked feral cat.
Benio: "............"
On the bed, so close our noses almost touch. We gaze directly at each other.
That's right, she went to my bed today. I remember far too late. My head really isn't working right now. At times like these I'm supposed to――
That's right, I should say good morning. As I think those stupid things, Benio turns into a beast.
Benio: "Gyawa~~~~~~~!"
She swings around her pillow in a mad rage.
Akihito: "Gyaaa! Have mercy!!"
Benio: "N-n-n-no perverts! That's forbidden! It's against the rules! Off with your head, your head, your head, your head~~~~~~!!"
Should an ally of justice be giving out such harsh sentences?
Benio: "Ha! Wh-where am I!? Huh......?"
Benio's brain cells restart. She returns to her senses and cuddles the pillow.
Akihito: "............my bed."
Benio: "That's right......I went to Akihito's bed......"
Benio: "......b-but, umm, well......it's still......horrible......to attack a girl in bed......"
Akihito: "I'm not attacking anyone!"
Tragedies occur when you share your limited living space.
Benio: "But, that was......well......I trust you Akihito, but, but, you did...see me......in the bath...a while ago......"
Akihito: "......so you don't trust me."
Benio: "........................"
She's going quiet!?
A sudden call cuts off any chance for vindication. It's my phone.
A ringing amidst midnight strife. Kinda like a horror movie.
Benio and I glare at the display, as if it's a cursed phone that'll kill us in seven days. The name on it is――
Akihito: "......a public phone?"
I'm already in a bad mood, and getting called by someone I don't know only makes that worse.
I decide to take the call. Benio should calm down after a few minutes.
Akihito: "......if this isn't important, I'm going to take out some frustration on this guy."
I'll force him to listen to fifty terrible puns in a row. I press the call button.
???: "Kayama Yuuji-san the Flatfooted once said his feet were sore."
Akihito: "............................................................"
That's not even a pun. Normally I'd hang up immediately, but that stupid voice stirs my heart.
Kururi: "Huh? Did Kururi-chan do it wrong? Did she?"
A terrifying call from the afterlife.
Akihito: "Gyaaaa!!!"
A shout, a wail in the middle of the night.
Akihito: "You're still alive!?"
Kururi: "Uwa, that's a hell of a greeting, Kouhai. If that's how you talk to me now, I wish I was dead. Come to think of it they say cats have nine lives."
Akihito: "And you're totally normal!?"
She usually doesn't consider what other people are thinking.
Akihito: "Y-you............!"
Wait, this is no time for that. I can yell at her for this later.
Akihito: "Anyway, where are you now!? Are you okay!? What the hell happened!? Hey!! Explain everything in chronological order right now!!!"
Kururi: "Hmm, explain......"
Kururi: "Well, super-detective Kururi-chan's job is to interpret evidence, but that's different from explaining it."
Akihito: "No it's not!"
Kururi: "Kururi-chan's doing pretty well, actually. Did you really think I died?"
Kururi: "There's so much left I still want to do. Even if someone killed me, I'd come back anyway."
Akihito: "......so you're admitting to being an immortal werecat?"
Kururi: "Oh, how rude."
Kururi: "I'm at a public phone right now. There aren't as many of these anymore and I don't have much change. I even had to use one of those special pay cards weirdos collect. Not cool."
Akihito: "What about your phone and student ID......?"
Kururi: "I dropped those. It is true I got involved in a lot of bad stuff. I'll come back to school after it cools down just a bit more."
Akihito: "......tenacious as ever."
Kururi: "Once I'm back, I'll regale you with the tale of a super cool super-detective. My card's about to run out, so talk to you later, Aki-chan."
Akihito: "............"
Kururi: "Also, Aki-chan............
were you worried about me?"
Akihito: "Of course not, you idiot! Go die in a gutter, you werecat!"
Kururi: "Ukekeke! Kekekekekeh!"
The laugh of a werecat.
We hang up.
I glare at the phone in my hands like a cursed object. I feel like I was just spirited away by a cat with too many tails.
Akihito: "I see, so she's just fine......"
Senpai's always getting in trouble. She slips through life-and-death predicaments all the time but all the annoying stuff falls in my lap.
I can't keep up with her.
But so what――――?
I'm sleep-deprived and my body can't move anymore, but tonight I feel strangely good.
As if something stuck in my heart has finally vanished.
Benio: "Huh? ......who was calling you? Hey, Akihito......?"
Akihito: "Hu! Huhuhu............"
Outside my window.I throw my body onto the bed while looking at the blue, incomplete moon. I never stop laughing.
====================C007_022 コミュネット02_0601.json====================
555 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:11:02I hear there's some new coμ hunters?
556 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:11:25Isn't this the fourth time this week?
557 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:11:30That's just crazy, lol
558 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:11:50The Round Table needs to get their act together
559 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:12:00The coμ hunters are upon us! age
559 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:13:07lololololol, this just made my day lololololol
560 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:14:33
Stop acting like it's not your problem. None of us know who they'll go after next.
561 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:15:38The thing is, who's going to deal with the coμ hunters?
562 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:15:55Won't the Round Table do something?
563 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:16:50
Don't they hate avatar fights in general? Up until now they always dealt with problems by throwing people out of the group.
564 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:17:27
>>562Do what exactly? Should the Round Table go kill the coμ hunters?
565 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:18:20Don't let them start lynching people!!!
566 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:19:05So you'd let the coμ hunters run free?
567 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:20:34They're all murderers
568 ：Anonymous-sama 
：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:22:59The Round Table hasn't killed anyone yet
The Coμnet was shaken. Every image board has at least one or two threads on the subject.
The coμ hunters――
Insane coμs that kill their own kind, sometimes referred to as BKs, beginner killers, sharks, any number of names. The avatars they've destroyed still aren't enough for them.
The Coμnet has existed for two years since the first coμ came into being.
There have been a few times in the past when coμs squabbled enough to start killing, but they generally crushed each other.
Most of them are living in a far more peaceful world than you'd expect, considering the overwhelming power avatars give them.
They're a group――
That keeps the Coμnet in check.
Coμs are groups of five people. You need to work with the other four to move your avatar effectively.
You're connected with four total strangers. Everyone acts a little more politely when they know strangers are watching them.
But it's not all good.
Kaburaya's group is a perfect example. They formed a cabal called "Boskone," and began killing beginners on a large scale.
Any single coμ would get wiped out eventually, but when five or six get together it's very hard to get rid of them.
Their actions were so widespread and evil that Boskone's dominance had been the primary topic of Coμnet for some time. But one night, that suddenly ended.
Kaburaya's coμ died when they fought us, and the other important members were wiped out by Sting.
Boskone, the worst beginner killers the Coμnet ever saw, have been permanently weakened.
―――Only the scarlet avatar survived.
That scarlet avatar now dominates the conversation in Boskone's place.
The coμ hunters controlling the scarlet avatar.
They've destroyed more than five avatars in this week alone.
The scarlet beast became a monster. It cares not for preexisting rules or the existence of other people. It's a real monster now, killing whomever it finds no matter who they are――
====================C007_030 支倉透理との出会い_0601.json====================
I access the internet from my cell phone.
A terminal small enough to fit in my hand connects me to the electronic sea. A pocket-sized Alexandria with worldwide knowledge crammed into it.
Even at this moment, a huge number of people are connected to it. They have no presence, voice or appearance online.
I check a number of personal blogs I visit regularly."Takakura City Beheadings""A tragic event took place in Takakura City tonight. Two schoolgirls were murdered on their way home.""The residents of Takakura live in fear now after all the recent incidents in their city.""The murders took place on a road in the West Harbor Ward. According to this blog's sources, the police were notified after part of one victim's body was discovered.""We've been told that the body of what appears to be the same victim was found nearby cut into several pieces with very sharp blades.""In fact, a similar incident took place just the other day.""Four gang members were found murdered in a parking garage in Takakura City. I think my readers already know about this, but their bodies were also cut into pieces――"
Kagome: "Eighty to ninety percent chance it's the coμ hunters doing this. The students may have been connectors, but it's unlikely the hoodlums were. This means he's started indiscriminately attacking whoever he can get his hands on."
Mayuki: "Yes, it's being talked about in the Coμnet and on normal sites. Bodies torn into several pieces......it's getting more and more like a school battle manga. Are they after us too?"
Izawa: "No, nothing's changed here. I haven't seen the scarlet bastard. Hmph, if he does show up―――"
Haru: "Honestly, if it did show up, I wouldn't last a second. Women need time to prepare themselves, that's why you're supposed to agree on a time to meet up. Also, I heard Akihito and Benio-chan almost got killed."
The coμ rules give the attacker the advantage. Benio and I would be dead if it hadn't let us go.
The scarlet avatar knows who we are. If it came after us again......
There's only one option. We have to find it and deal with it ourselves.
Benio: "......Akihito, are you gonna be late today?"
Akihito: "No, I don't have work tonight."
Benio: "Okay......I'd like it if you came back early. Right now......I'm afraid...of being alone......"
Benio: "And............I'm worried about you, Akihito."
I close my phone and access the net again. I check a number of personal blogs I visit regularly."Two schoolgirls murdered. More dismemberments?"
Akihito: "――――――"
―――I remember the red color.
Things that were stolen. Things I lost. Warmth that fades away.
―――"Coμ Hunters"
A black heat aches in my chest, like a scar that never healed.
I look up at the city from the forest. It's so silent that I feel a ringing pain deep in my ears.
That space is formed by trees rather than concrete and rebar. The border between it and the city creates an abnormal world.
When unusual things approach it, they fight to control the area. No different from any other era.
The humidity is high. The air's sticking to me. On nights like this, I feel safer in the city than the forest. I quickly run to the station.
Akihito: ".........huh?"
About halfway through Central Park, I stop.
It's strange. I planned to come home early tonight, so why did I come out here, in the opposite direction of the station?
Akihito: "――――――"
This isn't right.
Something's very, very wrong.
Like sand between gears, preventing them from meshing.
Takakura Central Park. Just a few days ago, the scarlet avatar almost killed us here.
There's no reason for me to come out here again in the middle of the night with no people around.
This isn't right. This isn't right. This isn't right.
I focus all my nerves on scanning for threats around me, still unsure what's happening.
――Snap.
Somewhere I hear a dull breaking sound.
As small as the sound of kicking a pebble. I could have ignored it.
Instead, I head deeper into the forest.
Even though nothing good ever comes of worrying about stupid little things.
No, that's not right either......
I can't put this feeling into words.
―――I have to get away.
There's a voice inside me shouting that I mustn't go.
And yet, my feet move as if being pulled by strings.
As if someone's calling me.
――Snap.
Again, a destructive sound.
Destructive――Why did I think that?
A sound like steel hitting steel. Like iron breaking iron. A single short syllable. It echoes deep in my ears.
The Central Park's forest. A region of darkness our eyes can't reach from the outside. Those that live in there always bring bad luck when they appear.
――Snap.
The third sound. An enormous iron beast gnashing its teeth.
I step quietly closer.
A woman.
Her shape is wrapped in the darkness of the forest. For some reason, it reminds me of a machine.
An emotionless and absolute creation made of springs and gears.Unwavering, unfailing, with no means of stopping it.All who see it once are destroyed without concern for any details.
――Snap.
A man writhes in agony at the woman's feet. His eyes are opened wide, so afraid that his mouth is hanging open. He wets himself and backs up with a crawl.
The woman smiles, mocking him. Her happy smile has no blood flowing through it, just like steel. A gun barrel glaring at its prey.
A black woman.
The woman resembles a shadow. She's different from Kagome. Not the color of darkness, but the black of death.
She doesn't repaint things, she levels them. This woman reduces all things to a single state.
Death.Death.Death.
Old, young, men, women, good, evil, doesn't matter. Without hesitation, without scruples. She's a flawless device designed to annihilate all who face her.
A beast weeps behind her.
Those steel arms and legs can crush boulders, but all four were cruelly cut off, and it was crushed until it could no longer move.
The beast's shape is closer to a monkey than a human. It's a little over three meters tall.
――A Pantagruel.
The woman reaches out toward the avatar with just her arm――
――And tears its head off.
A death cry tears through the night.
The man breathes his last at the man's feet. A "crash" caused by the avatar's destruction.
The thoroughly destroyed avatar returns to particles of light. Once the steel beast dies, not a speck of it remains on the Earth.
Akihito: "――――――!?"
What is this?
A badly-made comedic scene. It doesn't seem to enter my brain.
I can't even smile bitterly.
That was an avatar. An illusion of steel summoned by a connector, capable of tearing through metal, even destroying buildings.
What did that woman do to the avatar?
She pulled its head off.
How can something like this even happen?
My reason rejects the reality before my eyes.
Girl A, connectors, avatars―――Yeah, there's been no lack of crazy-ass things in this city lately, but there has to be a limit somewhere.
The woman doesn't even have a dagger. She can't destroy an avatar.
If anyone can do that―――
She can't possibly be human.
???: "Did I make you wait?"
A cheerful look, and a voice colder than the dead light reflected by the moon. The woman turns toward me.
???: "You didn't come here. I brought you. You're the guest of honor, unlike this guy."
???: "I guess I should say "guests," but that's not important."
Without warning, the woman approaches.
She only took a step toward me, but the chill raises my hair and prevents me from speaking.
My instincts are sounding the loudest alarm they can before this overpowering brutality.
Every nerve, every cell, down to each nail, each strand of hair......all of it recognizes the woman before me as nothing but a threat.
Even that scarlet avatar is human compared to this.
If I look away......if I let my guard down even the slightest bit......
That will be the moment when my head and body will say goodbye. I'm sure of that.
If anything could possibly rival this magic, it would be―――
―――Sting.
If that was here......If I just had that......
Either way, she's a monster. How strong or how weak doesn't even matter. She's completely outside the definition of human.
An intense pressure beats my skin. A ghastly presence.
The corpse at my feet was just killed by this woman, but even that fact vanishes from my mind.
I have no time to worry about little details like that.
――A thick smell of blood.
The woman is covered in it. Not fresh blood flowing right now. The thick smell of blood has seeped so deep inside her that her every footprint has a layer of it.
Something in me far more primal than reason produces terror――
Akihito: "―――Babylon!"
I shout without waiting.
Even the fact that she's a woman doesn't hold me back anymore.
She has the shape of a woman, but she's not.
Definitely not a human. Even calling her a "monster" would be insulting.
She's something far more terrifying. More than human, more than monster, just something destructive.
Gate light appears, blocking the woman's path. From deep inside the bluish beam, the pitch-black dragon appears, prying apart the trees around it.
Loading―――
A gentle night breeze makes the leaves rustle.A faint serenade, inappropriate for this space of death.
Akihito: "――!!"
The woman closes in defenselessly, but hesitates before crossing the final line.
Babylon and the woman. Based on their heights, she'd have to weigh at least ten times more to do anything to it. A single swipe of its steel arm can change the woman into formless dust.
My reason produces that obvious conclusion. Something else denies it.
―――If you don't want to die, kill her right now.
The woman's already right in front of the dragon.
After her unconcerned approach, the woman carelessly holds out a perfectly ordinary hand.
There's no trick, nothing even resembling metal, not even a ring on her finger. That attack is not a woman's. It's the iron hammer of a death goddess.
The surging tornado is too fast and too heavy. I don't expect that, I know it. Be it a boulder or metal armor, anything that blocks the woman's hand will be shattered without exception.
But what blocks the woman now is a dragon, not a boulder. The black steel protecting it can probably withstand a direct shot from a tank's main gun.
That one attack makes the dragon's armor creak as if it's screaming.
That slender arm gouges through its enormous black body. The defeated monster folds up and cries out.
Akihito: "――――!?"
That arm doesn't have a sliver of metal on it, but it breaks through the steel's magic. It's not even shocking. It's just silly.
No――
I just saw it a moment ago with my own eyes. I saw this woman tear an avatar apart with her bare hands.
――I saw no such thing.――My eyes saw it but I couldn't understand it.
The woman unleashes her other limbs as well. My human vision can't follow them. Compared to that enormous steel body those arms and legs may as well be wires. They act as bullets in the darkness.
With each shot, Babylon gasps in anguish.
Babylon is extraordinary even for a Georgios. Much of that is because its ability to control gravity allows it to strengthen itself.
But since I'm the only one connected to it, moving the creature is all I can do. I don't have the power to strengthen it as well.
Right now, Babylon is little different from an average Georgios.
But this is an avatar. An illusion of steel that breaks boulders and tears through metal. People can't possibly compete with it.
As if to ridicule that childish logic, the dragon's armor cries out from the series of five attacks. Its body finally falls to the ground, creating a tremor.
The woman continues calmly approaching, as if taking a walk.
Akihito: "――――!"
The woman smiles. With her steel face. She holds up her fist. Her iron hammer of death. 
I instinctively order it to attack. My fear of death shakes off all reason and common sense――
Akihito: "Babylon!!"
A black arm lies on the ground like a fallen tree. It swings toward her――
The woman's arm catches it effortlessly.
Akihito: "!?"
What is this!?
Black claws come down from over her head, but she blocks them with her right arm. It would be perfectly logical if you forgot the difference between a human and an avatar.
???: "――――――!"
Her right hand clenches into a fist. Her slender, beautiful arm――
It's not an arm anymore. It's shaped like a human arm, but it's the stake of a death goddess.
The pitch-black dragon is blown away, as if hit by a giant's arm. It breaks down trees and plows into the ground in a pitiful landing. Babylon stops moving.
My eyes remain wide open, beholding the unprecedented disaster.
Since I'm alone, Babylon is far less powerful than it should be.
But still――
This isn't possible. A normal human can't fight a monster.
―――Or so I thought.
???: "――――Despair and be destroyed."
The woman's boot stomps down on Babylon's neck as it cries.
The woman's arms and legs crush steel. If she presses down, the black dragon will certainly stop breathing. That will happen in a few seconds.
And I'll die――――
Akihito: "Babylon!"
The gate light appears.
The light expands at my feet, swallowing up Babylon and disappearing.
Only the woman and I remain.
???: "――――"
For a short while, the woman remains silent, gazing at me like a hunter gauging her prey. 
???: "You sent your avatar back?"
???: "That's interesting."
It takes me a while to realize that was a question. She's asking why I did that.
A voice with no emotion, quiet and cold, but unforgiving of falsehood.
Why did I send my avatar back?
When she asks, even I'm not sure.
It was a snap judgment.
I can't beat this woman. No matter what I do, by myself this monster has no hope of winning. I acted the moment I was sure of that.
If I had to explain why......
Akihito: "――Babylon can't beat you when only I'm controlling it. But if you destroy it, four others will die along with me."
The rules of death surrounding avatars. If an avatar is destroyed, all five people die without exception.
???: "Their lives are more valuable than yours?"
Akihito: "Of course not――"
Why would they be?
That would be stupid. Everyone values their own life the most. No matter how righteous or self-sacrificing you are, in the end you're out for yourself.
So――
Akihito: "......I can accept death if I choose it myself. That way I can give up."
This isn't anything that noble. Just a bit of stupid, stubborn pride.
Akihito: "I just don't like gambling with other people's lives when they have no choice in the matter......"
The lives of people far away were being toyed with without their knowledge. They could have been taken away for no reason, for no purpose.
That's a truth I can't do anything about in this gentle kingdom.
I know that all too well.
But so what?
I can't stand that.
So this is just pride.
I can't do anything about this, but I'm going to struggle to the very end, even though it won't amount to anything.
The steel woman is silent.
This woman is different. Different from Kagome. Different from Yoruko. Something else――
She's from another world.
???: "I see. That's not bad."
She speaks casually.
Here's a funny story.
The woman calls herself a "magician."
???: "I'm Hasekura Touri."
The woman states her name. That shocks me.
Touri: "Is it that strange for me to say my own name?"
Akihito: "Umm, no, I guess not......"
The woman――Touri is letting me live. My head is still connected to my body.
Touri: "I tell people my name when it won't cause problems. It's easier to talk that way."
I look at Touri's face again under the streetlight. I remember now.
A steel woman I once spotted in the evening city.: （――You can have one if you want.）
Akihito: "――――――!"
The impression I get from her digs up a worn-out memory.
Touri: "What's wrong?"
Akihito: "......no, nothing."
That can't be true.There's no way it's her.
Touri: "Getting a woman's attention by saying things that seem meaningful is the first step to seducing them."
Akihito: "............that was rather vulgar."
Touri: "There's not a huge difference between sacred and vulgar."
Akihito: "So......why did you......?"
――Save me?
Nothing about this encounter makes sense to me. This is even more unbelievable than when I first met Girl A and the avatars.
I was almost killed for no particular reason, then she suddenly let me live.
Instead of feeling relief, I'm just irritated at how arbitrary it is.
Who is this woman? Where did she come from?
And what was she doing there?
―――She crushed avatars under her foot.―――She destroyed them and took away the connectors' lives.
What kind of magic allows you to fight an avatar with your bare hands?
I'd feel so much better about this if someone told me it was all a bad dream.
Touri: "I don't judge. I just harvest. You no longer meet the conditions, so you're safe."
Akihito: "That doesn't explain much......if I asked who you were, would you tell me?"
Touri: "Are you interested?"
Akihito: "Well, you did just try to kill me......"
I'm not proud of it, but I have fought multiple avatars with Babylon. 
Even though I was controlling it alone, I've never experienced such a hopelessly one-sided fight.
That steel magic can compete with a tank, but this woman tore it apart like twisting a child's hand――
I am curious. I doubt she's anything other than a death goddess, but......
Touri: "In one word, I'm a magician."
Akihito: "............"
That really was just one word.
It's no good for a joke, but it's not helpful enough to be serious.
If she really is a magician, she could show me a pumpkin carriage or something.
Touri: "Can't believe it?"
Akihito: "......asking me to believe it is a bit crazy."
Touri: "You believe in avatars, but not magicians?"
Touri: "Magic is just heretical abilities. Logic and wisdom that people judged to be offensive. Rituals passed down in secret."
Touri: "A magician is simply someone who has been taught that magic."
Akihito: "That stuff......really......?"
Touri: "I used some on you. I told you that I brought you here. I made you think "I want to walk through the park." It's a simple trick, but useful. I can also keep people away from certain areas."
Akihito: "............seriously?"
Touri: "You don't have to believe me. But if you don't, then what am I?"
A quiet question. I have no way of finding another answer.
Akihito: "......if you're calling yourself a magician, how do you beat up an avatar with your bare hands without chanting a single spell?"
Akihito: "It'd be more plausible if you said you were a surgically-created human-beetle hybrid."
Touri: "They say truth is stranger than fiction."
The woman states coldly.
That could mean she's heartless, or she just doesn't care.
But I don't think she's lying.
It's just too ridiculous. A magician? If she was going to lie to me to hide something, she'd probably pick something more realistic.
I remember the trick to deceiving someone.
The bigger the lie, the easier it is to get people to believe it. If you're a young, up-and-coming entrepreneur, apparently people trust you more if you call yourself the third prince of some foreign country.
......I don't like this.
Akihito: "............I guess I'll have to believe you."
Touri: "You're more accepting now."
Akihito: "Either way......it just happened, so it must be possible."
Akihito: "I've lived my life that way for a long time. If there are dragons, there might as well be magicians."
Akihito: "So what the hell did you actually do――――?"
Once the shock wears off, something like anger flares up.
This woman killed that avatar's connectors without a second thought.
Touri: "I told you. I don't judge, I harvest."
Touri: "My job is pruning and covering up."
Touri: "Magic users hide their art from prying eyes. That's always how it works."
So magicians also keep themselves secret. I remember Mayuki saying something about that before.
Touri: "The world always rejects heretics. Since that's what magicians are, they automatically bear the burden of being the world's enemies."
Touri: "Magicians hide their art so they can live longer. If everyone knew these powers existed, they'd be able to find us."
Akihito: "By which you mean avatars......?"
Touri: "When you grow trees you have to cut off certain branches to get the right shape. That's what I'm doing."
Touri: "Some cause excessive disorder. Some desire excessive destruction. I'm pruning them for everyone's sake."
Akihito: "Excessive――?"
Her one-sided argument irritates the hell out of me.
Touri: "If you must know, they're pitiful beasts that drown in power and lose sight of themselves."
Touri: "They kill several people and wallow in the pleasure. I make them pay the price for that joy. Namely, despair and death."
Akihito: "But you're still just killing them for your own――"
Touri: "Everyone acts for their own reasons."
The death goddess smiles slightly. My spine freezes.
Touri: "Small parties that take place entirely within your world are fine, but larger ones draw attention, whether you want them to or not."
The goddess comes from the edge of the world. She crosses that boundary to trample on and ridicule our little rituals. She comes from the other side of the absolute border called death.
Her world is different. Her rules are different.
Whether you know about it or not, there's another world outside your own.
Some things are judged and disposed of under the rules of an outside world.
For instance, the BKs targeting us.
Hasekura Touri is that world's agent.
Touri: "There are many magic users who see all of you as a sort of threat."
Akihito: "A threat? ......but we can't even begin to fight you."
This woman is a far greater threat than I am. She's a cannon to my handgun.
Touri: "There are groups of people who use magic......secret societies, cliques, whatever you want to call them. Some of them feel that way."
Touri: "Magic is a secret. Only after a long accumulation of knowledge, technique, and hardship can we harness these powers."
Touri: "But what about you?"
Akihito: "What do you mean......?"
Touri: "No one teaches you, you don't study, you don't pay any of the prices we do. You're given a tremendous power out of the blue."
Touri: "You may not be able to match me on your own, but what about all of you combined?"
Touri: "The coμs are increasing. There are more and more every day. And more avatars. Is it really strange that we might feel threatened?"
An underground group of connectors called the Coμnet.The city's undercurrent, constantly growing in size.
Touri: "All humans lose some of their inhibitions when they gain a great power, especially if it just falls on their heads one day."
Kagome said something similar. If you have a gun or a knife, you want to use it. That's the way people are.
Akihito: "......I still don't get why you're letting me live."
Touri: "I only prune. Someone else judges. He had no reason to judge you. That's all."
Touri: "If that's not good enough, let's say there's a woman who thinks kindly of idiots who put their lives on the line to save their friends. How about that?"
She gives me words without any deep feeling.
I walk alongside Hasekura Touri. A strange chilling sensation. Going on a date with a death goddess doesn't faze me.
This woman is the one natural enemy of avatars. She came from the edge of the world to give despair and destruction to Coμnet.
Touri: "There should still be time to catch a train."
Akihito: "Magicians use the train?"
That's almost sad.
Touri: "Technically, we call ourselves magic users. That's been the term for a long time."
Akihito: "If your job is to keep your magic a secret, why did you just tell me all about it?"
Touri: "You already use magic yourself. It makes no difference. Besides, as you said......"
Touri: "No one would believe you even if you told them."
The goddess makes a low laugh as she walks through the turnstile and disappears into the train.
Something's stuck in my chest. I go home quietly, still not feeling any better.
The lobby of my apartment building. A nice entrance fully equipped with security cameras. As I pass through it......
A call. My phone displays a surprising name.
―――Takatou Nanase.
I belatedly remember swapping phone numbers with her after we left the Round Table meeting before.
Akihito: "What is it? If you want a date, I'll need a minute to go check my schedule."
I'm more talkative than usual.
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun."
The seriousness of her voice makes me stop.
Nanase: "Can you come here tomorrow?"
Akihito: "To the Round Table? That's awfully sudden."
Nanase: "It's about the coμ hunters――――"
====================C007_040 MJ13_0601.json====================
The lights turn on in the underground room.
The same members as before, starting with Nanase. Twelve holy knights surround the Round Table.
The thirteenth and final knight. Caesar doesn't show himself tonight either.
Kugura: "Mizuwa, you're a sign of bad things to come. The Coμnet is getting more dangerous."
The technopop in the background doesn't fit the serious mood. Kagome and I are the only ones responding to Nanase's sudden summons.
Kagome sits arrogantly on a four-person sofa in front of the table, like an empress.
Akihito: "We didn't do anything. If it's getting dangerous now, that just means it always was dangerous."
It was always there. People just didn't see it.
Kagome: "Hmph."
Kagome's quieter than I expected tonight. She just shows a stubborn smile, gazing at the aristocrats around the table without spitting any poison.
Kamishiro: "There's no fire where there's no smoke. I see. That is insightful."
Kugura: "Don't be impressed by that. Anyway, do you know why we had you come today?"
Akihito: "More or less."
This sofa is the defendant's chair. The twelve in front of me are the jurymen.
Kugura: "Do you recognize this man?"
He slides a photo of a young man across the table.
The man's faint smile is like a mannequin. A lifeless copy of the real thing. His narrow eyes are especially distinct.
Akihito: "Not really."
Kugura: "This is probably the leader of the coμ hunters."
So he's connected to that scarlet avatar.
Akihito: "How do you know he controls the scarlet avatar?"
Kugura: "Its name is "Jack the Ripper.""
Jack the Ripper――A serial murderer who once plunged all of London into terror. It's a fitting name for this avatar.
Kugura: "Because this man and Kaburaya were both members of the Round Table once."
Kugura: "We knew the hunters used a red Gevaudan. His name came up quickly just because of that."
Kugura: "Karasuma Tetora."
Kugura: "I don't have to tell you what he's been doing, do I?"
I shrug my shoulders, telling him "I know, I can't avoid hearing about it." Mayuki has been telling me in great detail about the Coμnet freaking out.
Kugura: "Now we get to the problem. This is the first time this has ever happened in the Round Table. We have to get rid of this guy somehow."
Nanase: "Get rid of...Kugura-san......you can't mean...kill him!?"
Nanase flares up, losing control of her voice. I can imagine how rare that is.
Kugura: "Of course I don't want to kill him. But Takatou, even if he came back and bowed his head, how could we accept him?"
Nanase: "We still can't allow ourselves to execute someone!!"
―――We must not kill people.
Nanase voices a very ordinary rule. Hearing that feels so strange.
If you don't shoot, you'll be shot. Ever since I got connected to Babylon, that's been how my life worked.
Akihito: "――――"
Up until now the Coμnet has functioned without any clear rules. The authority of the Round Table was enough.
If any coμ in the Round Table commits a crime or disobeys the leaders, they get thrown out.
That's bad enough. They lose their support and their source of information. Other coμs in the Round Table start avoiding them. 
That was all they needed.
Until now―――
Kamishiro: "We can't allow coμ hunters to hunt either. What do you think we should do, Takatou-san?"
Nanase: "Well......"
Kugura: "After what he's done, I'd much prefer Karasuma took some kind of responsibility for his actions."
Karasuma is more than they can handle. He's an unusual monster, unconcerned with their authority and rules.
Heretics always eat away at the kingdom.
In order to survive in this equal, merciless, indifferent, gentle world, humans developed the concept of a "group," and the ideals of unity and teamwork.
Groups are a convenient tool, but they're also very fragile. Humans are clever creatures. If everyone does what they want, the group will rapidly collapse.
That's why rules are needed.
Rules restrain the desires of the individual, robbing them of their freedom in order to allow the whole to survive.
Heretics cross over those lines. They head outside the edge of the world defined by those rules, disturbing the kingdom.
Once people realize the heretics have all the freedom, they stop caring about the rules. Monsters attract people's attention just as much as heroes.
―――That's why monsters have to be defeated.
Kugura: "We can't coexist with a monster that kills whomever he pleases. I'm sure that the other members would agree."
Nanase: "......are you saying that makes it okay to kill him?"
Kugura: "It doesn't make it okay. We're not the police, nor are we executioners."
Kugura: "But Takatou, if we leave him be, this is only going to create more trouble. What do you think, Mizuwa?"
He turns to me at a perfect time. There's a good reason he's doing all the talking instead of the chairman.
Akihito: "―――You mean people will start trying to take revenge for everyone he killed?"
Kugura: "Haha, see? You understand perfectly."
The coμ hunters have laid hands on many other coμs. A huge number of people hate them.
If all those coμs move out with their avatars to kill him, we'd have a small war on our hands.
Kugura: "Besides, Jack may stampede at any moment."
Akihito: "Stampede?"
Kagome: "......"
An unfamiliar word that doesn't sound good.
Kugura: "If you don't know, then I'll explain it quickly. You should know that stronger avatars are harder to control."
Kugura: "There's a lot of ways it can happen, but when an avatar levels up it definitely gets stronger in some way."
Kugura: "As long as the connector can control it, that's fine. But when the connector's mind can't support the avatar any longer――"
Kugura: "The avatar runs rampant, without the person's will. Once that happens it's just a monster. It'll run wild until it's out of magic."
Akihito: "So that's a "stampede"......"
Kugura: "That's actually happened a number of times in the past two years. The first one took place near the new heart, and caused lots of casualties. We managed to cover it up, but it was still a huge commotion."
Kugura: "We were all there when it happened, but we couldn't restrain it............"
Akihito: "What happened?"
Nanase: "The avatar stopped after it ran out of magic. The coμ connected to it fell into comas and died."
An awkward silence among the older members. They were probably all there when this happened.
Kugura: "They were devoured by their own avatar. When the connectors' minds and wills can't support the avatar, it engulfs them. In the end......"
Kugura: "The coμ becomes no more than a circuit helping the avatar move."
Kugura: "After the avatar's done using up its energy, their souls don't come back."
Akihito: "So you're saying Jack will stampede if this keeps up?"
Konomi: "Jack's killed a lot of people. He must have leveled up several times now."
Kamishiro: "But every coμ has a limit on how much power it can support."
Kugura: "Exactly. Jack could start stampeding at any moment."
Kugura: "But that's why we can't understand him. Karasuma should know about stampedes too......but he continues to put himself in that danger."
Kugura: "I don't have any idea why he's doing that."
Akihito: "......I have a question, Senpai."
Kugura: "Ah, go ahead."
Akihito: "Please tell me the real reason you called me here."
Kagome: "You can be surprisingly impolite, Akihito."
Kagome clears her throat softly.
Kugura: "......for some reason, Karasuma's obsessed with your coμ. Right?"
Karasuma Tetora and the scarlet avatar Jack the Ripper. I've met them four times, once without my own avatar, yet I'm still in one piece.
The coμ hunters―――Jack isn't picky about his targets. Avatars, normal people, it'll cut anything at all into pieces. Except for us.
Akihito: "Well, he's definitely been targeting us."
Kugura: "Since you're involved, we wanted you to be part of the discussion."
The Round Table stirs. Agreement and hostility directed at Kugura, not me. These guys don't have it easy either.
Akihito: "......where is Karasuma now?"
Kugura: "We don't know. He's hiding. We have teams searching for him, but there've been no leads yet."
Akihito: "I see."
We're bait. Karasuma used Benio as bait, and the Round Table will use us as bait to lure him out.
They're going to hang his favorite prey under his nose and pounce as soon as he moves out.
Akihito: "Actually――"
I stand up as I speak. They make bitter faces at the man rude enough to stand up in the middle of a conversation.
I don't care. I need time to harden my resolve.
A deep breath. I turn toward the counter and grab a glass. I pour a nearby drink into it.
I can make decisions about my own life. But what about the others' lives?
If I take this step, I'll be risking their lives too. I know that.
But so what?
I'm trying to take that last step.
I know I'm trying to do something stupid. I know I'm trying to make other people help me do something stupid.
I empty the glass, then say it.
Akihito: "――I have an idea, Senpai."
Kagome: "......"
Nanase: "An idea......?"
Kugura: "What does your dragon coμ have in mind?"
Akihito: "Babylon."
Kugura: "――"
Akihito: "That's our avatar. A knowledgable woman in my coμ came up with that name."
Kugura: "Babylon......wasn't that an old city in Mesopotamia?"
Akihito: "You know your stuff, Senpai."
Kugura: "So what's your proposal, as the leader of Babylon?"
He leans back in his chair and holds out his glass toward me, calling me the leader.
Akihito: "Why don't we take care of this for you?"
Kagome: "............"
Kugura: "............of Jack?"
Akihito: "Someone has to get rid of him eventually, right?"
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun!?"
―――Jack the Ripper.
Once you see someone as prey instead of person, they fall outside the realm of humanity and into that of a pitiful monster.
Akihito: "He does seem to be interested in us, after all."
Akihito: "Cutting off the head will wipe out the rest of the problems. Though at this point, cutting it off is probably the only way to solve anything."
Jack has slaughtered many coμs. He must be a very powerful avatar by now.
It's going to be leagues above Kaburaya's avatar. We might even get ourselves killed trying to beat it.
Kugura: "......this is different from BKs hunting beginners."
For some reason those composed words carry a nuance of irritation. He glares at me. His face says that he wasn't expecting this.
What the hell was this guy after?
Kagome: "Ha! Hahaha! Hu! Huhu!"
Kagome clutches her stomach and starts laughing. She has no sense of tension.
Akihito: "Stop it, Kagome. They're glaring at you......"
Kagome: "Huhu......don't worry, Akihito. Keep going."
You're the one interrupting me.
Akihito: "Ummmm――"
I remember where I was.
Akihito: "So we're going to destroy Jack the Ripper ourselves."
Nanase: "Destroy? ......but that......"
When an avatar is destroyed, so is the coμ connected to it.
If we lose, we'll be killed. Even if we win, we'll be killing Karasuma and four others.
That's all there is to it.
Akihito: "He is targeting us, so I wanted to settle this soon anyway."
Akihito: "So that means the Round Table doesn't have to go kill him. Right, Nanase-san?"
Nanase: "That's......true......but......"
Kugura: "............all right, Mizuwa."
Kugura stands up from his seat. Leaving the other members aside, he holds out his arms in a pompous pose.
Kugura: "The Round Table exists to uphold law and order in the Coμnet. We'll do what we can to fulfill that role, and prevent further conflict――"
Kugura: "While a coμ not associated with us destroyed the monster of their own free will......that doesn't sound bad."
Nanase: "But, can Mizuwa-kun's coμ really defeat Jack on their own......?"
Kugura: "We won't know until they try. He wants to, and I think they have a decent chance."
Kugura: "If they lose we'll have to come up with something else, but let's trust Mizuwa first."
Kugura: "Now......"
Kugura puts his hands together, gathering attention.
Kugura: "This is an unofficial poll. The Round Table has seen or heard none of this, but I want your opinions."
Kugura: "Should we support Mizuwa's actions, or not?"
Kugura speaks loud and clear, like the lead actor in a comedy.
――――The vote begins.
====================C007_055 バビロンの話_0416.json====================
On the hill――A swarm of towers marking abandoned buildings like tombstones in a graveyard. Out here, this far from the new heart of the city, there are no people or lights nearby.
The monuments of failure command a view of the city, making me feel like a sinner exiled to the edge of the world.
The brightness and twinkling of the city's lights have all been pillaged from this place.
There's no particular reason why we chose to gather up here. If I had to give one, it's because this is where we began.
Sunset.
Darkness falls silently upon the roof. The six of us are all here, like back then.
That night, Girl A brought us here with her song, and we met for the first time on top of a ruined building here.
The western building we were on that night has partially collapsed, but still towers in the corner of our eyes.
Kagome: "This is a rather dramatic gathering, Akihito."
Akihito: "This is going to be a dramatic talk."
Benio comes first. A lively girl whose main strength is her cheerfulness. She's been depressed over the last few days.
Mayuki comes next. It's been a while since I saw her, but the tiny girl still has that mature look on her face.
A little later, Haru. She's changed even less than Mayuki. Her apron dress twirls as her face looks clueless.
And......
As expected, Izawa comes last.
Akihito: "You're late."
Izawa: "Who cares?"
We exchange displeasure.
Now we're all here. The black dragon and the witch. Six people.
This is the first time we've all gotten together since we talked about the Round Table.
As our members occupy their preferred positions on the roof, I present today's topic of discussion.
Akihito: "Now then, the reason I called you all here today――"
Haru: "You wanted to talk about that guy?"
Akihito: "That's right, O-Haru-san. We need to decide what to do about the coμ hunters."
Mayuki: "What to do? ......you mean we're going to do something?"
She sits on an old pipe and rests her chin in her hands. Mayuki asks with cold eyes.
Akihito: "If we don't do anything......they're going to come after us."
Benio: "......the scarlet avatar......"
Benio's face darkens.
Haru: "Well, they still haven't seen O-Haru-san or Mayu-Mayu's faces."
Kagome: "That's very true."
Akihito: "Uwa, don't try to say that this is only our problem."
Coμ hunters―――Jack the Ripper knows about me, Kagome, Benio, Izawa.
Akihito: "Yesterday, someone from the Round Table called me――"
I explain to them what happened last night.
Izawa: "......those bastards sicken me. They want us to do their dirty work for them?"
Izawa curses and spits.
Akihito: "Actually, I'm the one who said I'd deal with Jack."
Izawa: "Huh? What did you just say?"
He can't believe what he just heard.
Akihito: "......Jack is a real monster now."
A dry breeze passes over the abandoned rooftop.
Akihito: "Someone has to deal with him."
Mayuki: "Why does it have to be us?Akihito-san, are you the hot-blooded type now?"
Akihito: "I'm not."
Haru: "Hmmmm, in that case, what brought this on? It's not like any little girls are in peril."
Haru has her usual clueless face.
Akihito: "Benio-san's in danger though."
Benio: "Uuu............"
Akihito: "Jack's targeting us anyway. We might as well deal with him so we won't have to worry about him anymore."
Akihito: "If we leave it to someone else, we might get shredded while they look for him."
Kagome: "......"
Haru: "True, O-Haru-san wouldn't like that."
Izawa: "......keh!"
Mayuki: "I understand what you're saying, Akihito-san, but can we even beat him?"
Mayuki: "That avatar's leveled up, right? ......Jack the Ripper, I mean."
Izawa: "How much leveling up has this "Jack" bastard done?"
Akihito: "He ate five coμs just last week. That's all we know about, but there's probably more......"
Izawa: "......tsk, what a pain."
I remember the night when Boskone attacked us. That Ivanhoe withstood Babylon's first attack because it had leveled up.
Akihito: "Jack is a real monster now. He's started killing connectors, avatars, and ordinary people without discrimination."
――Four drug dealers killed.――Two schoolgirls attacked on their way home.
Those killings were the work of a superhuman power. An avatar of scarlet steel with invisible blades.
Akihito: "There've been two cases involving innocents. If we leave him alone there might be more......no, at this rate there definitely will be more."
Mayuki: "You sound like a hero now. You haven't been hot-blooded before, so does this mean your inner protagonist has awakened?"
Kagome: "I warned you. Akihito's an idiot."
Kagome throws a smirk back at me as she faces away.
Akihito: "How am I an idiot!? What are you talking about!?"
Kagome: "――"This is serious trouble. Worse than any you've ever seen. You'll have to carry this burden on top of everything else.""
Kagome did say that after the attack on Benio's apartment. A witch's prophecy.
Akihito: "......yes, yes, Kagome-san's always right, we know."
Benio: "Umm, Akihito......can I ask you something?"
Mayuki: "Here comes the confession."
Benio: "Not that."
Benio: "Akihito, why do you want to do this now?"
Her eyes gaze directly into mine. They're so beautiful I want to look away.
―――I remember the red color.
I remember the pieces that I've lost. The things stolen from my heart.
Black heat pierces my chest.
Once I clear away the rubble deep in my heart, I find a piece of steel I thought I threw away a long time ago.
A tough, sharp, black blade that should have rusted by now, that I tried to forget about.
Akihito: "There's no big reason."
It'd probably be very simple if I did say it.
Akihito: "......what happens, happens."
Benio: "Eh............?"
Benio looks up at me, mystified.
I look at the city from the edge of the roof. Its lights are like countless stars. I can't see the faces of the people there.
This gentle kingdom. This equal, merciless, unreasonable world.
Akihito: "What happens, happens, and that's it. I've known that for a long time, but......"
Anger. Cursing. Effort. Agony. Belief.In this gentle kingdom they're all equally worthless.
Akihito: "But......there are still things I just can't forgive."
That's why......
I'll take the steel blade once more.I'll hold up the sharp knife of an unwavering will.
And I'll chant a single spell."But so what"―――?
Benio: "Akihito......"
Haru: "So what do we do? We don't know where the ripper is, do we?"
Akihito: "We'll lure him out. He wants to kill us."
If Jack was sane, he wouldn't fall for that. But we know he's not like that.
Benio: "Seriously!? We're gonna have a duel? You mean it!!?"
Mayuki: "I'm not sure if that's......"
Izawa: "Ha! That's just laughable."
Haru: "Could we get other coμs to help us? O-Haru-san likes strength in numbers."
Akihito: "If we start doing that, we'll have a small war on our hands."
There's no way we'd be able to hide it completely from the normal people.
Kagome: "That'd be the end of the Coμnet."
Haru: "Isn't that better than dying?"
Akihito: "That is a valid choice, but......"
Kagome: "It's not a bad choice to fight just with Babylon."
Izawa: "What the hell?"
Kagome: "If you really want to bring down Jack, it won't matter if you bring ten ordinary avatars with you."
After leveling up that many times, Jack the Ripper is an extremely strong medium-range combat avatar.
Those invisible blades won't allow any normal avatar to even get close.
You need long-range attacks to get an advantage.But the city has too many things to hide behind.
Jack the Ripper is an animal.A scarlet man-eating monster hiding in the concrete jungle.Sending a mob after him is no different from handing him food.
Akihito: "But Babylon's capable of breaking through Jack's blades."
Haru: "Hmmm, is that all?"
Akihito: "Also, I want to settle this myself."
Akihito: "If more people get killed while we wait for someone else to find him, I wouldn't be able to sleep at night."
Akihito: "Jack's hiding somewhere in this city, but if we call for him, I know he'll come out."
Akihito: "We have to settle this sooner or later anyway――"
Akihito: "So I'd prefer we settle this ourselves, instead of relying on someone else to do it for us."
Stabbing the enemy with the sharp blade of my will.
Akihito: "Admittedly, that is just self-satisfaction, O-Haru-san."
Haru: "Uwaaa, how manly. And you want us girls to join you?"
She leans against me with a sweet face.
Akihito: "You don't have to if you don't want to――"
Akihito: "But if I summon Babylon and lose, you'll go down with the rest of us. I apologize in advance if that happens."
Mayuki: "Then if you start losing, please unsummon it and die by yourself without causing us any trouble."
Akihito: "Don't be like that."
It's hard to believe, but that's an unshakeable rule of coμs.
Each life in the coμ is an equal part of the avatar. None of us can back down from that.
Kagome: "So what do we do?"
Akihito: "All that's left now is voting."
Haru: "......"
Benio: "......"
Mayuki: "......"
Izawa: "Ha!"
Avatars are controlled democratically.If the nays outnumber the yeas, Babylon won't move.
One person isn't enough to control an avatar anyway.If they don't agree to help me, I won't stand a chance against Jack.
――What will I do then?
Give up and go home?Or fight anyway and throw all our lives away?
We're all connected, whether we want to be or not.None of us has full control over our lives.
Benio: "―――I'll do it."
Benio casts her ballot first.She looks at me with unwavering eyes, with a hardened resolve.
Benio: "I want to protect everyone. That guy doesn't care who he kills. For all I know he might do something horrible to my mom or Kouchin or Saho next――"
Benio: "I can't stand that. That's not right."
Benio: "Besides, Jack's killed so many people. How can he do that!? I can't forgive him."
Benio: "So I'll join you!"
That's exactly the answer that you'd expect from Benio.
Mayuki: "You really are a heroine of justice......"
Which is why she's hopelessly foolish and beautiful at the same time.
Akihito: "Next, O-Haru-san?"
Haru: "......Mayu-Mayu?"
The maid passes the hot potato to the four-eyed chibi.
Mayuki: "Me? Hmm......"
Mayuki thinks for a little while.
Mayuki: "I'll help. Since they're after Babylon, it is our problem."
Mayuki: "Plus......it's kinda cool. There's something only we can do. We have to fight to protect everyone――"
Mayuki: "That's standard in action stories. I was hoping something exciting like this would happen."
Mayuki: "If we do this, there won't be a war, and the bad guys will be defeated. Isn't that nice and heroic?"
I'm not sure how serious she is about that.
Haru: "Oh well, why not."
Akihito: "O-Haru-san?"
Haru: "I'll play along with your manly heroism."
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't care about any of this reasoning, but......I know, to get you more motivated, how about I give you a reward if this works out."
Akihito: "............"
A reward!?
Benio: "Reward?"
Mayuki: "I smell evil."
Kagome: "What's wrong, Akihito? Your face is green."
D-does she know everything!?
Akihito: "A-anyway, what about Izawa-cha――"
Izawa: "......I'm not "-chan." Do you want to die?"
Izawa's turning into a wallflower. He can't open up.He lives alone, as if rejecting connections with other people.
Izawa: "What do I get out of helping you?"
Akihito: "If we fight Jack and lose, you die too, Izawa."
Izawa: "Hmph, you and that snake are the only ones suicidal enough to threaten me."
Akihito: "I'm sorry about that."
Izawa: "I don't like you or that snake."
Akihito: "As my employer would say, the world's full of things we don't like."
Izawa: "But I'll help. I'm not gonna die from you screwing this up."
Izawa: "Besides, that idiot is too dangerous."
He's talking more seriously than usual.
Izawa: "He's gonna keep being a nuisance if I let him run around."
Izawa gazes at the distant lights of the city, squinting his eyes.His will is sharp, like a beast hiding in the darkness.
He's the same Izawa as usual, but for some reason I see a faint heat in his gaze. Maybe I'm imagining it, but also a slight warmth.
The far-off neon lights are reflected in his eyes like glass.
He won't say it, but maybe there are one or two things Izawa wants to protect.
Akihito: "Kagome."
Kagome: "Do what you want."
She immediately thrusts the question back to us.
Akihito: "Then it's decided."
All five of us will fight Jack the Ripper.
After we decide what to do, we all scatter toward our respective housing, where we wait for the upcoming battle.
Benio: "......
good night."
Akihito: "Hm? Night."
In the end, she disappears into her room without saying anything.
Akihito: "......you didn't say much tonight."
Kagome and I are alone now.
Kagome: "Would you have stopped if I did?"
Akihito: "No."
Kagome: "I hate wasted effort."
Kagome sits down on the desk without restraint. I feel like she's a little closer than usual.
Akihito: "Do you think Karasuma Tetora will come when we call?"
Kagome: "You're asking me after promising you could lure him out? You are an idiot, Akihito."
Akihito: "......you didn't need to say that last part."
Akihito: "What do you think the Round Table will do?"
They decided to leave Jack to us, although Nanase continued objecting until the very end.
Kagome: "They won't do anything until you fail. After all, you didn't do what that mouse expected."
Akihito: "Mouse? ......you mean Kugura Kouichi?"
Kugura Kouichi, Sir Lancelot of the Round Table. They have a chairman, but Kugura's the de facto leader.
He looks like a hero in a romantic drama. Kagome laughed at him during that meeting.
Kagome: "You didn't notice? You really are an idiot, Akihito."
Akihito: "Stop calling me that!"
Kagome: "Mice are mice. They run around without ever realizing how small they are."
Kagome: "Having ambition beyond your ability is self-destructive. Not only that, it spreads that destruction among all those around you."
Akihito: "He didn't want us to be the bait?"
Kagome: "After you get bait, you still need a fishing rod to reel in your target. What he wanted was a justification and a precedent."
Justifying the Round Table's use of violence against public enemies. Once the rule's established, they can do it whenever.
Akihito: "So that was all politics......? What a pain."
Kagome: "You said you'd do it, Akihito, so that went out the window."
The witch seems to be enjoying herself.
Akihito: "......there's still one thing bugging me about Jack."
Kagome's black eyes almost seem to be drawing me in. From her seat atop the desk, those eyes reflect my face.
Akihito: "He didn't kill me. He's killing any human or avatar he wants, but why not me?"
Kagome: "Who knows."
Even the witch can't answer questions she doesn't know the answer to. She refuses to think meaningless thoughts.
You can't overcome the absolute separation between people. No matter how much time they spend together, they never truly connect.
One's own way of living versus that of another. If they turn out to be incompatible, the only choice is to fight for your survival.
Kagome: "Tactically speaking, it's correct to fight with Babylon――"
Kagome: "But why aren't you choosing the simplest method?"
Kagome moves closer with a mysterious silence. She invades my personal space. The sweet smell of a woman.
The corners of her mouth come up, like a snake telling me to eat the apple.
Kagome: "I know who the coμ hunters are. The weakest part of any avatar is――――"
Akihito: "Its connectors......"
Kagome: "If you ask, Akihito, I can find them right away."
Karasuma Tetora is in hiding, but the witch can probably catch him.
Akihito: "......that's no good. We can't do that."
Kagome: "That's stupid. You'll be killing him anyway."
Kagome: "You can't start a war, and you can't be a knight."
But so what?
Akihito: "I want the knife to be in my hands."
Kagome: "You're hopeless. In that case, let's get going."
Kagome: "――We need to put the sacrifices on the altar."
Kagome snatches my cell phone, opens it with one hand and holds it in front of me.
The mouse sticker inside it bares its teeth, smiling at me.
Akihito: "――Karasuma Tetora?"
Karasuma: "Who is this?"
Akihito: "Mizuwa of the black dragon."
Karasuma: "Aaah, aaah! This is perfect. I wanted to talk to you at least once."
Karasuma: "No matter how much I do it never works, so I was thinking of asking you at some point."
Akihito: "I want to settle this."
Karasuma: "......you're challenging me?"
Akihito: "That okay?"
Karasuma: "Yes, of course. So, when?"
Akihito: "Tomorrow night, in the――"
Karasuma: "Mind if I choose the place?"
Akihito: "..................okay."
Karasuma: "Thank you. I'll tell you the place by noon tomorrow."
Karasuma: "Hu, huhuhu, huhaha, ha! Ha! Haha! Hahahahaha!"
Karasuma Tetora laughs loudly.His delight turns to laughter, bursting out of him over and over.
I close my phone. It's a long time until dawn, but it is coming.The sun climbs, and once it sets again, we'll face Jack.
Whether you call it a skirmish or a war, we'll be fighting for our lives.
Kagome: "――――"
Kagome says nothing and looks outside.For a while, I gaze at her face in the moonlight.
The witch is sitting on my desk.That desk has a drawer I haven't opened once since I came back to this city.
I'm tempted to open it, but I stop myself.It's been known for a long time that forbidden boxes contain calamities.
A red memory is in there.
That day, a cursed item handed to me from the edge of the world.I locked it away along with those crumbling memories.
I repeatedly dream of that red color.
A dream of the unfixable consequences of someone's thoughtless actions.
Actions have consequences. Consequences aren't endings.
Because this is a gentle kingdom.
The Kururi incident―――That new sense of loss dug up these old memories again.
Years ago, when I put my fingers through the iron fence.How I felt as I simply gazed at the gray sky and the gray roof.
What I remember are the rules I chose for myself back then.
That day, under the blue sky. Struck by defeat, I curled up on that roof, and met a woman whose name I still don't know.
The woman came from the edge of the world, and never told me her name.
However, she pushed me forward when I was standing motionless on that gray roof. She helped me start walking again.
―――A fairy tale about a death goddess.
This gentle kingdom.This world is too gentle, too merciless, too unreasonable.There's only one valuable thing here.
But so what―――?
That spell is the one thing I need to say.
The black heat that tore through the shell of resignation that night.
A tiny feeling that I can't forgive this.
I'm going to fight Karasuma only because of a personal grudge.If I let him live, my rules, my way of life, everything......
That's reason enough for me to take a life.
Akihito: "Hey, Kagome."
Kagome: "What?"
Akihito: "I'm a horrible guy."
Kagome: "Hmph."
The witch smiles with scorn.
Kagome: "I knew that a long time ago. Akihito was always a horrible man."
Akihito: "I'll kill Karasuma because I don't like myself."
Kagome: "What does that matter?"
She says as if it really doesn't matter.
Kagome: "Even if no one else forgives you, I will. Even if no one else accepts you, I will."
Kagome: "Whether you live or die, I will watch the result of your foolishness."
Kagome: "I am your partner."
The silent night passes by. At long last, dawn arrives.
The storm awaits.
It's not that close, but it's definitely there. I feel Kagome's heat.
====================C007_060 バイバイ・ジャック_0416.json====================
The night smells of blood. The city sleeps in fear.Tonight's horror show will be over when the sun rises.
The enormous moon is laughing, calling our actions and our wills foolish.
Now, let tonight's play begin.
A row of department stores reasonably far from the new heart.A blue beam of light appears on a high roof.
A pitch-black dragon rises up out of that light.
Steel arms. Steel legs. Steel fangs. All of it black.
A pitch-black serpent with ten sharp points and fourteen red eyes.The dark beast named Babylon.
It lands.
Its control over gravity removes the sound.
The stage is ready for us to bring down the starving animal.
We watch from the roof of another building.Our vision relies on the moon and the lights of the city.
The greatest weakness of any coμ is the humans.Our bodies are completely frail before avatars.
Kagome chose this place, from which we can easily see the enemy but they'll have trouble finding us.
Haru: "Have you agreed on any rules?"
Akihito: "Nope. Just the place and time. Here, tonight. No one else will be involved."
It's clear why Karasuma chose this place. There's lots of cover, and every part of the city will have some people in it.
It's ideal for Jack the Ripper since its attacks are medium-range, and we can't use Babylon's fire here.
Akihito: "It'd be risky to get any closer. Jack's power might hit us by accident if we're in range."
Mayuki: "Invisible blades......you said?"
Jack the Ripper's invisible swords can cut through steel a dozen yards away.
Akihito: "Mayu-Mayu, what do you think those things really are?"
Mayuki: "There are a bunch of common tricks to this, but unfortunately they're all difficult to deal with."
Just the right amount of tension and calmness.
Five wills are loaded in.Five humans are loaded in.
Izawa: "I'll kill you if you fuck up tonight. Especially you, Mizuwa. I trust you the least. You've been doing a lot of stupid things lately."
Akihito: "You'll be dead before you can kill me."
Benio: "We know our roles for tonight, right?"
Akihito: "All five connected......we haven't had it at full power since that fight on the hill. This is strangely emotional."
Izawa: "Quit your blabbering."
Mayuki: "The problem is the time limit."
We can't dodge Jack's invisible blades. Babylon's shield can keep them away, but keeping it at full power will drain our MP quickly.
Izawa: "We just have to kick his ass first."
Haru: "――――"
Haru raises an arm. She hasn't pointed so straight since that night――
At the roof she points to, the scarlet avatar appears.
A pale gate light.
A scarlet shadow flies out of it.A hound covered in the color of blood that brings about death.
The water tower next to Babylon lurches diagonally.The top half slides off without a sound, the cut surfaces as flat as a mirror.
The monster rises up between gray buildings and the moon, above a narrow back alley between buildings, after cutting that steel tank in half as a greeting.
Gevaudan.An evil creature that appears in old French folklore.This avatar takes on its form, and borrows its name.
――――Jack the Ripper.
Mayuki: "It really came......"
Akihito: "You didn't believe me."
Mayuki: "I didn't think he'd be nice enough to come when we told him to."
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, Benio."
Haru: "Go ahead. Ready when you are."
Benio: "We have to win this――"
She chooses not to say "or else we'll die."
Izawa: "Enough talk, dammit!"
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――
The scarlet hound growls.Jack the Ripper flies from roof to roof in sharp arcs.
Its sharp head is truly the tip of the spear.That bright red lance surges toward the black dragon.
An unforeseeable blade, an invisible magic sword that cuts even steel in half.
Jack the Ripper is a Gevaudan.Its mobility can't be rivaled, but it has trouble with defense.
Thus, the scarlet devil fights best at medium-range, where it can use distance to defend itself......or so we thought.Jack betrays our expectations and chooses a close-quarters fight.
That first attack was a flash of claws, like supernatural swords.Babylon fails to dodge it.
In general, Gevaudan avatars have the highest agility.
Jack has leveled up, so it's even faster than that.I can barely follow it with my eyes.
A sharp slice from the black dragon's shoulder to its chest.If we'd stepped back a moment later, its head would have been cut in half.
With a click, it deploys its left and right appendages.
Jack jumps faster than Babylon turns around.
It jumps from the roof to an iron tower, and then to the wall of a building. The scarlet hound crosses space as if freed from the laws of gravity.
Bright red lightning leaves afterimages. Each time they cross, the hound's claws leave gashes in the dragon's armor.
We back off for a moment.
It follows the retreating dragon and releases its invisible blades.Seven cuts at once, far more than our previous encounter.
Invisible swords capable of cutting even steel.We can't block or dodge the silently approaching blades.
Jack the Ripper jumps over Babylon's head and lands on a generator room behind it. Every construct on the roof is cut vertically and horizontally all at once, and their pieces slide apart.
Stone and metal are both cut, severed, and dismantled.Wherever Jack's knives reach, all things are separated.
Only the pitch-black dragon remains intact on the crumbling roof.
Its ten sharp points produce a tremendous rumble.They deploy the black shield, an impervious wall tearing the world apart.
It deploys it at full power, and the defensive gravity field deflects all seven swords.
But that only gives it a momentary reprieve. Jack already knows Babylon's tricks, targeting it with the eyes of a composed hunter.
It doesn't rush. Once the dragon's MP runs out, only then――
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――
Jack the Ripper emits a low growl, as if smiling at its return from the legends in that foggy English city.
Again we endure it. Despite receiving over a dozen attacks that should have been lethal, the black dragon is still in one piece.
It's not possible.
Frustration spreads through their chests. With the exception of Sting, no avatar has ever lasted this long against Jack.
Not to mention Jack the Ripper has devoured so many that no one in the Coμnet can compete with it.
Avatars level up with every life they absorb. The scarlet hound is so powerful now that the dragon can't even scratch it.
However, the black dragon is enduring Jack's attacks.
Two more. It uses its left and right claws and invisible swords after some feints.
Each part of this three-step attack can easily cut an ordinary avatar apart.
The black dragon survives even that. The blades bounce off that shield of darkness, and it leaps out of the path of the bright red claws a moment before they hit.
There's no doubt that Jack has the advantage. The black dragon is just blocking and dodging.
Stalling for time will just make it run out of MP so it loses the black shield. After that, it's just waiting to be torn apart.
But time is the enemy for Jack's connectors as well.
A coμ is a circuit containing five people. To bring out a hundred percent of the avatar's power, all five connectors are indispensable.
Only three people are left in Jack's coμ.
The other two are dead.
That's clearly not enough to support Jack after all its level ups.
The longer they clash with the dragon, the greater the risk that Jack stampedes. It's eaten tons of strangers in the past, but it might eat its own connectors this time.  
―――That's no joke.
Karasuma: "――――"
Only Karasuma smiles with glee.
Whether or not he realizes they're dangling off the edge of a cliff, their leader claps his hands loudly. The other two men glare at him like a monster.
Karasuma Tetora was behind everything.
He's also the one who killed the other two.
After meeting Girl A, Takatou Nanase invited them to the Round Table, and they joined.
A while after that, Karasuma said they should leave.
Up until then, he'd been completely silent.
He never asserted his own opinions or objected to the direction their coμ was heading. He always followed the majority and didn't seem to care about anything.
When their then-leader laughed at Karasuma's suggestion, he killed him on the spot.
No sign, no warning, no hesitation, as if it was just a doll he was cutting into.
If they wanted to, the other three could easily have eliminated Karasuma with their avatar.
But Karasuma controlled his coμ with terror.
Karasuma was a skilled leader. Honest, clever, and fair. He made connections with a new group from Beijing reaching into the new heart of the city.
They used women and drugs. Since they had the avatar, there was no need to fear trouble. Karasuma brought many benefits to their coμ.
They joined a cabal of beginner killers too.
Boskone―――Once they grouped together, even the Round Table couldn't do anything.
They hunted down beginners' avatars with impunity, intoxicated by Jack the Ripper's ever-growing power.
Everything was going well, up until the time when Kaburaya Zenjirou's coμ lost to the black dragon.
―――Boskone was destroyed.
Sting. The legendary avatar that flies in unexpectedly and kills unreasonably.
They survived that.
Inevitably, they had to stop actively hunting beginners, but the fact that they survived Sting was a miracle in and of itself.
That's why they foolishly believed their good fortune would continue.
―――In the end......
Karasuma cruelly slaughtered the core members of that Beijing group they were on such good terms with.
He said he wanted to do something else now.
As if to say they'd used up all the good luck they had, the mean-spirited loan called fate started demanding they pay up. Everything got worse in a hurry.
They realized far too late that Karasuma is more of a monster than they could comprehend.
Where were their fates thrown off? Was interacting with this man a mistake from the very beginning?
Another one finally disobeyed, and Karasuma stabbed him. After that, the other two were broken. They're now dolls, not people.
Coμ hunters――
At this point Jack the Ripper and its coμ are monsters. They can't be forgiven, so they have to suffer their fate sooner or later.
Karasuma: "Come on, keep it together."
Unlike the two cornered rats, Karasuma seems to be enjoying himself immensely.
Akihito: "――――!"
Pitch-black fangs and red claws clash.
How many times has this happened? Each time, we take damage.
It's clearly overpowering us. Jack the Ripper has killed, devoured and stolen so much that Babylon can't match it.
Only because of our special ability do we stand a chance here.
Normally Babylon's only as powerful as any other Georgios.
But we have all five connectors and we're using gravity control to enhance and strengthen everything, allowing us to temporarily catch up to Jack.
We pay for that in MP.
To match the enemy's level, Babylon consumes several times more MP than the average avatar.
Time is the enemy.
Thus, we endure.
That strengthening just barely makes us capable of holding our own against Jack. We preserve our remaining MP, wait for an opening, and endure its fierce attacks.
Izawa: "Tsk!!"
Izawa's a Fighter. He has control of Babylon in close-quarters, continually avoiding a fatal blow.
Mayuki: "I'll stop him here!"
Mayuki the Priest defends. Her job is to control the black shield.
If she relents for even a moment, we'll be devoured. Every moment, we're balancing on the edge of a knife, but we keep surviving.
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, back away now!"
Haru: "Got it."
Haru is the Mage. Her white fingertips dance across a fictional keyboard, making the black dragon dance like the wind under the moonlight.
Jack's blades groan. In a world cut off from sound and light, Babylon retreats, evading them by a hair's breadth.
And finally, Benio the Rogue.
Benio: "What should we do? How can we beat this――"
We're connected. We're trapped.
The dragon races, fighting back, struggling.
Akihito: "――――It's coming."
A fragile, piddling resistance. Five creatures together in one.
The scarlet hound doesn't stop for a moment.
Building to building, behind a sign, through an alleyway. It easily shakes off Babylon and crosses five buildings in the blink of an eye.
Everything Jack passes through falls apart in pieces. Walls, poles, fences, verandas, concrete. Each time the surface of the cut is as smooth as glass.
In the middle of a crumbling world, Babylon gives up on pursuing it.
It can't possibly outrun it. Babylon's speed has a time limit.
The gravity field strengthening Babylon is also finite.
The more power we direct to movement, the weaker our attack and defense becomes. 
Given how much MP we have left, we can't afford to spend any of it on movement.
―――We focus the field, set its effective range, and inject the required magic.
This shield is our last line of defense, and even that is running thin.The black dragon switches from an all-around shield to one deployed only in the front, and waits for the scarlet hound.
It sees that as an opportunity―――
Jack dashes toward Babylon. The scarlet shadow leaves a trail like a comet.
The scarlet shadow leaves a trail like a comet. That speed is truly godlike.
A head-on collision of red and black.
As if we'd been waiting for it―――
Babylon jumps.An explosive acceleration propels the pitch-black body upward.
The black dragon's speed is now orders of magnitude beyond any other Georgios.
For a fleeting moment, the scarlet hound wavers.
But it can't change its trajectory now.The bright red bullet rushes in a straight line to shoot through the enemy.
An instant until they cross paths. A span of time shorter than a second.
Red claws and invisible blades.Those attacks cut through the sky, in theory leaving no room for escape.
The dragon dashes like lightning. It accelerates on par with a Gevaudan.The two collide at a higher speed than expected.
Thus, Jack the Ripper loses track of the black dragon for a moment.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!!
The dragon roars.
A single swing of its enormous black arm targets the hound.
Karasuma laughs.
Not much longer. This time for sure.
His prayers will surely be answered.
If you believe and work hard, your wishes will be granted.
If he can cut into that dragon, if he can tear it into pieces...... 
――A silver blade that stole his heart.
――Glistening steel piercing the sky.
――The legendary sword of judgment.
Karasuma has a simple wish.
He wants to see it one more time. He wants to touch it with his own fingers. He wants to listen to the heart pounding at the core of that cold steel.
Karasuma's heart aches like a maiden in love.
He wanted to be like that. Something hard and sharp, not impure like a human.
How could he achieve that?
He thought about it day and night, but never came up with an answer. So he decided to try killing.
Sometimes people, babies, the elderly, men, women, and so on. He tried killing them, but that wasn't enough.
He even tried avatars. Giants, soldiers, dragons, hounds. He tried killing them, but that wasn't enough.
No matter how much flesh and blood he built up, no matter how many avatars he ate, Jack's blades can't hold a candle to it.
His desire to meet it, to see it one more time, led him to that black dragon.
Just like the first night he saw it, he chased them, chased them, and chased them.
He tried targeting two people from the dragon's coμ.
Even when they were on the brink of death, it didn't appear.
He thought about killing them anyway, but he let them go.
After all, he had no other leads.
Conveniently, they contacted him later.
This time it's the same as that night. They've summoned the black dragon, and he's going to back it into a corner. Once he does that, surely―――
The black dragon does a good job of withstanding it.
But that's coming to an end.
The dragon starts moving slower, as if it ran out of energy. Jack targets it carefully.
Should he start with the arms? Or the legs?
Just killing it won't be enough. He'll have to hurt it, make its situation even more desperate.
Karasuma: "――――"
He realizes there's a woman next to him. There wasn't a single footstep, but she got close anyway. The other two have their eyes wide open in fear.
Black hair. Black eyes. A black shadow.
A black woman. Sharper than a blade, blacker than the night.
The woman there is like an illusion.
The woman looks across the lonely roof from which Karasuma's coμ observes the battlefield.
Kagome: "So you're exactly where I expected to find you. 70 out of 100."
Karasuma: "I've seen you before."
Karasuma remembers the woman. He'd never forget this woman.
That night, when he first witnessed the steel blade piercing the sky.
A member of the black dragon's coμ.
No, wait.
If she was part of their coμ, wouldn't she be busy focusing on the battle?
Kagome: "Ah, he's just my partner."
The woman gestures with her jaw toward the black dragon fighting Jack.
But either way, this woman is an enemy.
And yet, Karasuma doesn't feel any animosity.
The woman is very beautiful. Not her face or her physique, but her presence. She's like a blade that contains not a single impurity.
Karasuma: "Are you here to kill me?"
Kagome: "He imposed these rules on himself. I can't intervene."
Kagome: "However――"
Kagome: "If you somehow manage to kill him, I'll kill every last one of you."
Karasuma: "That's not bad......"
He imagines that death, becoming entranced and intoxicated. Being killed by this woman would be such a sweet moment.
That blade, or this woman. Either way, that dragon is cursed. And that's why he loves it.
Karasuma: "――――!?"
He watches the black dragon blow Jack away.
Jack has multiple swords that have massacred several avatars, so the beginners controlling the black dragon shouldn't be able to follow them.
How did they――――?
Karasuma: "I see, a rival......"
If that thing is loved, he's fighting to take that love away.
For the first time......
He stops looking for the unreasonably beautiful blade he saw behind the black dragon that day.
He sees the dragon itself as his enemy――
Jack flies through the air.It was blown away like a toy, and now plummets to the ground.
The scarlet hound struggles to pick itself up. Its arms and legs were twisted by the impact, so they make dull creaking noises like screams.
Even with all its level ups, Jack is still a Gevaudan with weak defense.At such high speeds, its fragility worked against it.
It accelerated for a head-on charge. Jack's entire body took damage.It's unclear if it can even stand up again.
Mayuki: "――――Just as I thought."
Akihito: "So far, at least."
Jack's level is overwhelming. Its speed is truly godlike now.
But that doesn't change the fact that more powerful avatars are harder to control.
Because of its high-level abilities, Jack has to rely on simple, monotonous behavior. It's swept along by its own uncontrollable power.
That's why we aimed for that moment.
Babylon approaches Jack, still lying on the ground.
Jack's appendages still move, swinging its invisible blades.Those attacks are deflected by Babylon's gravity shield.
The same thing. Repeating the same thing yet again―――
―――Or so we thought.
Akihito: "What!?"
One of the swords I thought we deflected cuts into Babylon's back.A deep, sharp line.
One after the other, Jack's blades come from unexpected directions, slicing into Babylon's armor.
Izawa: "What the hell is that asshole doing!?"
Haru: "......this is bad."
Benio: "Wait!!"
Benio finally understands what those are.
She closes her eyes, focusing her mind on all the visual information from Babylon's eyes. She entrusts her body to the flood of an incomprehensible mind.
Humans can't understand what the dragon sees.
No――
That's a hasty judgment.What the dragon sees is just so different that we can't process it right.We have to get used to it.
As the Rogue, Benio's the best at doing that.
――――I knew it.
That sensation is the answer.
Benio: "......I think it's something extremely thin."
She interprets the information sent to her by the dragon.
Akihito: "――You mean like string?"
Izawa: "What string?"
Akihito: "The invisible attacks."
Mayuki: "I see. That's a fairly typical kind of weapon. Single-atom strings or super-vibrating wires."
Most likely――Jack's body can produce a special substance.
And it uses that substance to create super-long filament blades, thin enough to be invisible――
The filament catches on a pole on the roof, using that to turn around, and coming at Babylon from an unexpected direction, getting around our shield.
When we're not deploying it all around Babylon, it only covers a small area. If we can't predict where the attacks are coming from, we're practically defenseless.
Benio: "But we can do this. I've seen it now, so I know what to do!"
The magic swords rush forward.
Babylon narrows down its shield, but it can't afford to take another hit.
Benio: "Above!"
Mayuki: "――!"
Benio: "Below――And from the right!"
Mayuki: "――!!!"
Benio looks, interjecting herself into the avatar's senses, using the information to direct Mayuki's actions.
Once you see it, the string's paths are simple.Mayuki the Priest can position the shield so as to block the magic blades.
No――
Maybe they have to be simple because of how much it's leveled up.
Izawa: "Maid, go!"
Haru: "Got it."
Babylon's movement changes.The smaller shield allows her to accelerate more.The huge black body runs along the ground like a shadow.
Slashes coming from up, down, left and right all at once.
Babylon charges forward while deflecting all of them.It's right in front of the scarlet hound now.
Karasuma doesn't feel anger so much as hatred.
He has the upper hand in strength and speed. The black dragon is preventing what should be an unavoidable defeat.
Not only can he not cut through his enemy, but he's been beaten down so hard he can't even stand back up.
He can't forgive them.
This is maddening. Frustrating. Intolerable.
That day, he was taken in by the glint of steel that looked like "death" itself.
He wanted to reach it, as if reaching his hand to a distant star.
He was only one step away.
Karasuma: "Why......?"
Karasuma says like a curse. The black witch gazes at him.
Further hatred stabs through both of their backs from the other two men who were supposed to be helping Karasuma.
Karasuma kills indiscriminately, both avatars and his uncooperative friends―――
They used to believe their leader was whimsical but competent. When did he start acting like "this?" Or was he always like "this?"
Karasuma: "――――!?"
Those complex thoughts......
（Thump――）
Like a ripple, they spread out, taking things in.
His vision turns red. A brighter red than that of blood or Jack the Ripper.
Something flows against the current, eroding it, making it lose its form.
Karasuma: "Giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii――――!"
A scream like grinding gears.
From Karasuma and his coμ.
Frustration, joy and hatred are all swallowed up.
There was no pain.
（Aaah――）
Some parts of their minds were shaking from pleasure.
The three of them collapse like every other group death. Kagome looks down at them without emotion.
Kagome: "......a stampede?"
Haru wasn't around in either of our previous fights with Jack.
Thus, the scarlet hound doesn't know Babylon can move this fast.Once the Mage is in control, she uses gravitational magic to make the black dragon race along the ground like lightning.
Jack the Ripper can't even move properly anymore. Now that we know what the invisible swords are, it'll only take a few more seconds to settle this.
The only option Karasuma has left is escaping through the gate, just as they ran away from Sting.
But we won't let them. This time we will crush them before they can, to make sure they can't ever lay hands on anyone else.
The dragon approaches with its final judgment, about to make them spill their own blood to make up for how much they took―――
Without warning, Jack reactivates.
It forces itself back up on twisted, creaking limbs.That ominous sight makes me think of something more than a monster.
We can't stop now. I don't plan on stopping.
The scarlet monster has devoured and spilled the blood of countless lives.
Jack stands back up and jumps. I can't believe my eyes.Its speed clearly surpasses all of its previous leaps.The scarlet hound flies up into the night sky as the moon laughs at it.
Jack comes from above.Five wires changing speeds three times.Our shields block them.
It's different.This is clearly not the same Jack we were fighting a moment ago.
Babylon is an exceptionally powerful avatar. Its specs are higher than the typical Georgios because of its ability to control gravity.
But being powerful isn't always enough to win.It's nonsense to compare the power of guns and knives, because each one is superior in different situations.
Babylon's destructive power, its fire would cause tremendous casualties in a highly populated urban area like this. If you can't use a weapon, it might as well be a pea shooter.
Babylon's had that huge handicap from the beginning.
Jack the Ripper doesn't.
Jack's magic swords can cut the enemy from any direction it wants.They can't cause as much destruction as Babylon's fire, but they're an optimal weapon in this urban space.
And he's a murderer who doesn't care about collateral damage anyway.
I don't know what magic it used, but the scarlet hound has come back from the abyss of death even more powerful than before.It's the ultimate monster now.
Izawa: "Hey, maid!"
Benio: "Don't shout!"
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, can we keep doing this!?"
Haru: "I've moved it a lot already, so there's not much magic left......I won't be able to move it that fast for much longer."
Mayuki: "......we can only use the shield one or two more times."
This clearly isn't the same Jack as before.It's heavily wounded, but even more powerful now.
Haru: "But we can't die here now, can we――!!"
Haru does everything she can.Babylon leaps with all the power it has left.The two beasts race around the barren rooftop.
Jack has serious wounds.
That's what we'll use. Jack can do a lot of damage, but now that he's wounded he can't maneuver as well as before.
We only have a little MP left. If we screw up this next trick, we'll run out of fuel and Babylon will be finished.
Thus, this is our last stand―――
One of the little buildings on the roof ends up between us.Babylon uses that moment to duck behind the water tower.Jack loses sight of us.
The black dragon charges straight through the water tower and directly into Jack.
Babylon's right arm moves forward to grab it, but it's cut into seven pieces.
Benio: "Not good!!"
It saw that coming.
An invisible cage made of thirteen invisible blades.
A trap of single-atom filaments woven like spider silk. Since the threads weren't moving, they were harder to see, and Benio missed them.
Izawa: "――――――!"
Jack swings all its blades at once.
Seven come from the front, changing their speed and direction multiple times. Four surround us from left, right and behind. Two more steal even our last chances of escape.
Even if we could defend against them all with the gravity shield, some would change direction again and cut us up. Babylon can't avoid being torn apart.
―――I remember the red color.
Black heat pierces my chest. It forms a sharp, hot blade breaking out of me.
Akihito: "Ah――――――"
I remember the black heat that once scorched my body.
Akihito: "――!"
I couldn't forgive it.
The unreasonable theft.
The merciless violation.
The inexplicable malice.
That's why......
This anger――
This pitch-black heat still burns.
To make sure I never forgive this world for stealing so much, for tearing so much apart, vaguely and inexplicably.
Akihito: "Ah――――Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
My final gamble――――
The pitch-black dragon lost an arm, but now it sprints forth at mesmerizing speed. Directly forward. I'm not even going to try dodging.
We charge straight into Jack's attack range.The black armor, arms and legs all get torn apart.
But so what――?
In exchange for getting torn up by five of the thirteen blades, Babylon arrives at Jack's throat.
―――Jack's expectations were right.
Since Babylon can't use its fire, it's only natural that the black dragon will try to fight in close-quarters.
One small step.
With one final step, Babylon's claws will reach Jack's throat.
That step will be the end.
Jack swings a single sword.
The dragon no longer has the power to defend against it.
An ordinary swing would be more than enough, but Jack won't let up.
It wraps around the last intact antenna to change directions.The sword approaches from a blind spot on our right side. Without a right arm, we're defenseless. It cuts through the side of Babylon's head.
Babylon moves its head just a little bit.Nowhere near enough to evade it. It looks more like a taunt.
The next moment――
The wire that should have cut its head off gets dissolved.It looks as if Babylon ate it.
That's not possible.There's no way to cut through a wire only one atom thick.
Jack is confused by this result.
In that moment......
Babylon's fangs reach it.
Those black fangs tear into Jack's throat.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
Babylon swings its head, pulling Jack up into the air.
Jack probably understands what wiped out its wire.
Babylon's fire.
It's is powerful enough to affect the area around Babylon's head, even when it's just charging up inside its mouth.
That gravitational field snapped the wire. It literally tore it apart.
Babylon looks up at Jack from below.It can only keep moving for a few more seconds.
Jack is directly above it. There's nothing in the way now.
Babylon's fire―――
Akihito: "――――Bye-bye, Jack. See you in London."
A murmur that can't possibly reach the avatars, since they lack vocal cords.
It shoots――――
That pitch-black flame climbs up into the sky, tearing through the silence and quickly disappearing.
====================C007_070 覇王との邂逅_0416.json====================
The footbridge at night has no people on it. You can hear someone's breathing very easily.
In the cold darkness, under a dim streetlight, the five of us stand around.
Benio, Mayuki, Izawa, and Kagome are with me.
Akihito: "......where were you?"
Kagome: "I found Karasuma's coμ."
Akihito: "I see."
I don't ask what happened to them. I don't need to.
Mayuki: "It's finally dawn. I really didn't feel alive tonight."
Benio: "It's still nighttime, dawn's a little later."
Izawa: "Tsk."
Haru left afterward as if she suddenly remembered an errand. She's carefree even during wars and thunderstorms. Nerves of steel.
A lonely street at night. The time when you could spend all night downtown making stupid noise has long passed. The recession shows no sign of changing, even after all these years.
I look up to see a castle of glass towering over us. The eastern sky.The moon and the city's afterglow rise up even though it's night. Takakura Station.
The station has a bold, modern, glass-heavy design, and it was only just recently completed.
An incident happened five years ago. A religious cult committed acts of terrorism after throwing around cheap claims about the "end of the world."
When that happened, the old station was damaged. They were already planning on rebuilding it, so instead of repairing it they simply moved those plans forward.
It's been five years since work started. Given the size of it, this was a fast project.
The new station looks like a fairytale castle. A huge hallway that our entire school could fit into.
It's more like an enormous arch than a castle. Luxurious papier-mache, if you want to make it sound bad.
We lean against the footbridge fence in various places. None of us even face in the same direction.
Mayuki sits down and fiddles with her phone. A single-player mobile game.
Benio: "I guess this means it's over?"
Benio leans back against the fence and looks up at the sky. Her murmuring doesn't have the same tension of a period drama actor.
It's over――Things in this world don't end that nicely. 
Akihito: "The coμ hunting is over at least."
The incident may end, but its effects linger. The dead won't come back to life. We can lament, but the rest of us just have to keep living.
And that's when Haru comes back.
Haru: "Welcome back. What would you like to have?"
Benio: "Why are you saying "Welcome back?""
Haru: "That's just what maids say."
Mayuki: "So you really do work at a maid cafe."
Haru: "You thought I was lying?"
Akihito: "I can't imagine you working, O-Haru-san."
Haru: "I always say "Welcome back.""
She takes a can of coffee out of the convenience store bag. It looks a little like magic.
Mayuki: "I can't stop thinking I want to have that one can of sweet soft bean-jam purity."
Benio: "Our elders do know what they're doing sometimes."
Izawa: "Ha!"
Izawa takes his too.
Kagome: "No calories."
Akihito: "You like dieting."
Haru: "Here's yours, master."
Everyone stares at me. She respectfully offers me milk sour soda.
Benio: "......something's not right."
Mayuki: "That looks impure."
The maid herself takes semi-black.
Haru: "Oh, this stuff is good."
She seems satisfied with that flavor.
Akihito: "They say leftovers have good luck."
I drink my strange juice as I look at the stars. I don't pay attention to how it tastes.
Benio: "Hey, what about the guys connected to Jack?"
Kagome: "When the avatar's taken away, the coμ is lost."
The witch recites a rule, answering Benio's question. It's hard to tell exactly how she feels about that.
The coμ rules have no exceptions. No matter where you are, even if you're on the other side of the planet, if your avatar is destroyed the members of your coμ will all crash.
Mayuki: "............that's true."
Benio: "............"
She seems bothered.
Haru: "There's no point worrying about it. It's not like the police will arrest us or anything."
Benio: "It's not that......"
Haru: "We didn't break any rules, so it's not like we're in the wrong."
Benio: "Uu......I don't think...it's that simple......"
Benio can't argue it well, so she stumbles on her words.
Coμs aren't bound by the rules of the normal world.
This is a gentle kingdom. All things are equally worthless. Ethics and logic are just tools.
Izawa: "You know what people like you are called? Idiots."
He spits out those words as if this is boring him.
Izawa: "The world is full of idiots, but the most difficult to deal with are the idiots that can't stop themselves."
Izawa: "Someday, somewhere, their brakes fall apart, and they run off without realizing it, unable to stop until they hit a wall."
Izawa: "Some idiots drove themselves into a corner and that was the end of it. It's nothing to worry about."
Haru: "You're so nice."
Izawa: "What? Maid?"
Haru: "Yes, I am a maid."
Mayuki: "......"
Jack the Ripper is dead.
We can create a reason for that. We can create a purpose for that.
That's a problem for each of us to resolve, whether we worry about it or toss it aside.
Benio: "......I can finally go back to school! Who knows what Kouchin and Saho will say to me after this."
Mayuki: "Are those your friends?"
Benio: "It was so bad last time they called me. They could hear Akihito talking behind me so they wouldn't stop asking me who the boy was."
Mayuki: "That's so typical it's heartbreaking."
Haru: "So now it's just "Akihito.""
Benio: "What?"
Haru: "Oh, nothing. Huhu, right?"
Akihito: "......why are you asking me?"
Don't do that.
Kagome: "There'll be a big commotion in the morning."
Haru: "We did break a lot of stuff."
Death――
Karasuma and some others whose names I don't know. They died tonight.
Benio: "When will we meet up next?"
Akihito: "......dunno."
I really don't know.
We're not allies or friends. We're prisoners chained to the dragon's kingdom.
Which is why―――
We continue passing by each other without even facing the same direction. We have so far, and I'm sure we always will.
Akihito: "What happens, happens. That's all."
Kagome: "You have some really boring answers, Akihito."
Kagome smiles coldly.
She's not disagreeing with me. Benio smiles too.
It's not the bright smile she showed during the day, but her clear voice is strangely fitting for this city at night.
And we take that as the signal.
Haru: "Bye."
Mayuki: "Goodbye."
Izawa: "Go die already."
Benio: "Bye, guys!"
Kagome: "......"
Kagome remains quiet as two people say it behind her.
Akihito: "Bye-bye!"
We each wave one hand as we say goodbye. That's all, and nothing will remain afterward.
We head off in our own directions. Our separation couldn't be any cleaner.
Strangers are completely isolated from you. Filling the gap between two people is a glass fairy tale.
Just like reaching up to the sky. Your fingers won't reach anything.
We continue passing by each other without even facing the same direction. We have so far, and I'm sure we always will.
But so what――?
We're connected.
And tonight――I'm in the city again.
The chill has vanished from the night breeze.Is it the end of spring? The onset of an early summer?I fiddle with my still-unopened can of coffee as I head to the station.
I'm on my way home from work.There's still time before the last train leaves.I head toward the west entrance instead of the east on a whim.
The west entrance staircase――It's becoming a new tourist spot for Takakura City.110 steps in total. 68 meters tall.
During the day, it's covered in young couples.Some events are hosted there too.It was designed more like a plaza than a staircase.
After going down about a third of the staircase and running out of breath, I turn around.
I felt someone's gaze from the top of the stairs.
A white man stands there, like the lead actor in a play.
Akihito: "It's been a while, king."
Gasai: "It's been a while, clown."
Gasai Itsuki.A much sharper blade than Jack ever was.An iron will that crushes things rather than cutting them apart.
Gasai walks down.He stops ten steps above me.
Gasai: "My prophecy came true. You've seen it with your own eyes."
Gasai: "I've been watching you dance atop the stage for some time, clown."
Akihito: "You've got a lot of free time, king."
Gasai: "His eyes reach for thousands of miles. He does not overlook a single immoral act, and he judges with great anger."
Akihito: "The hell does that mean?"
Gasai: "A legend about a certain man. A meaningless illusion. He disappears at dawn."
Akihito: "Sounds like quite the guy――"
Gasai: "He's a fairy tale called "Caesar."""Caesar"――
Said to be a connector whose identity no one knows, with the invincible avatar "El-ahrairah." The champion who organized the militant cabal called "Caesar's Legion."
The newest and last of the Round Table Masters.
Akihito: "............so you're the "king" of Caesar's Legion?"
Gasai: "That's right. You have good ears."
I think for a moment, then reach an answer.
Akihito: "I see, so you're "Caesar.""
Gasai: "Yes, I am Caesar."
The confession doesn't shock me very much.I just feel a calm sense of understanding.
Gasai: "I will have my kingdom."
Akihito: "You sure sound like a king. Anachronistic as all hell."
Gasai: "What I need to do, what needs to be done, is exactly the same as it was in the past."
Akihito: "Why are you here tonight?"
Gasai: "I've been watching."
Gasai smiles slightly and folds his arms.That quickly disappears, and he returns to being a sharp blade.
Gasai: "I've seen you defeat the monster, play the pawn in a stupid plot, and volunteer to pluck coals out of the fire."
Akihito: "And?"
Gasai: "That is why――"
This man――
A soft, arrogant laugh.His voice is faint enough to dissolve into the night, yet as strong as steel.
Gasai: "I'd like to have you for myself, Mizuwa Akihito."
====================H0105_ある夜の会合.json====================
One plus one equals two. Obviously.
Numbers are clear and unchanging. Even if the world comes to an end, no matter where you are in the universe, the fact that one plus one equals two will never change.
The witch laughs, saying it's not that simple. The answer could be one, and it could also be three. The world is never that simple.
Tonight, the world is dizzyingly fast. We're always too complicated to keep up.
You can look for simple fairy tale answers like that, but you won't find any lying around.
Akihito: "For now, I booked this place for two hours."
Kagome: "............"
Izawa: "......I didn't come here to sing."
Benio: "Eeeh? Of course we'll sing! We're in a karaoke box. I've already chosen a song. What about you, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "I'll pass. I don't really like karaoke."
Haru: "Then O-Haru-san will join you......ummm, E42681......there!"
Tonight is one of our team meetings. We have these twice a week.
You can never completely cut off ties with groups.
We don't always have stuff to talk about, but we still get together to hang out.
Today we're at a karaoke box called Orbis Tertius near the Takakura Suspension Bridge.
Benio: "What's wrong, Akihito? You're making a face like an eel someone stepped on."
Akihito: "What kind of face is that?"
Mayuki: "I've heard that when men dislike karaoke it's a sign of psychological infancy, because they're denying the social aspect of singing."
Akihito: "Seriously!?"
Mayuki: "I'm lying, of course."
Akihito: "Y-you......!"
Kagome: "Pick one already."
Akihito: "......fine. It's not that important. Gimme the remote."
I happened to get some discount karaoke tickets at the station. It feels new and different to ask others out.
I almost never invite anyone out, though it's not that rare for others to ask me. Admittedly, I had to do something with those tickets.
I usually avoid getting deeply involved with anyone. I came to Takakura City to live by myself, or so I thought.
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, you like western music? That's not what I expected."
Haru: "Would heavy metal have been better?"
Mayuki: "For the booby maid, I'd recommend something like "Bokura no Uta.""
I try imagining Haru as the nice lady on a kids' show. Uwaa, now I wanna see that.
Benio: "You should sing too, Mayu-Mayu. Karaoke isn't about singing well, it's about making noise."
Izawa: "This is a meeting, not a frat party. Don't forget that, Ironing Board."
Benio: "............
I'm not a board."
Mayuki: "You aren't?"
Kagome: "Maximum 81. Could be A or B."
Benio: "Gyaaa! Hinaori-san, wh-why do you know that!!?"
Haru: "What's wrong with A or B? Size isn't that important."
Benio: "..................!!!!"
Akihito: "The arrogance of those who have."
Kagome: "............"
Haru: "That's a tasteful choice."
Akihito: "..................why enka?"
Kagome: "Do you have a problem with that, Akihito?"
Akihito: "Not really a problem, just......that doesn't fit your character."
Benio: "Ah, here it comes! Now then, contestant number one, Takekawa Benio!"
Izawa: "..................do you have to be so noisy about every little thing?"
Mayuki: "Uwa, a Yuuna song......"
We sing for two hours, then leave.
Benio: "Uwaaa!"
Akihito: "What?"
Benio's eyes sparkle. She spreads out her arms like wings and rushes over to the fence.
The lights of the city across the river. A common sight that never changes no matter how many times I see it.
Benio: "It's so pretty......hey, we protected that, didn't we? Right, Akihito?"
Benio spins around after taking in the night view.
Akihito: "Protected......"
Kagome: "......"
Haru: "......"
Mayuki: "......"
Izawa: "......"
All of us go quiet at once, bringing on a mysterious pause. Are we moved by those words? 
Jack the Ripper. The city's string of nighttime murders completely stopped after a certain day.
――Who was the murderer and where did he go?
It remains unclear, so the city remains tense for now.
The plausible rumor that Jack the Ripper died runs through the internet, but unsourced information is no different from static, and it's a weak ending to such a bloodstained fable.
That monster that tried to demolish the world was defeated by the black dragon.
No one outside Coμnet knows the truth.
――Babylon's coμ.
That's what the Coμnet has been calling us lately.
We're completely lacking friendship, trust and cooperation. An ally of justice, a four-eyed frog, a false maid, and a thug. Plus a witch and a harmless guy.
There's a bunch of other names like "black dragon coμ" and "black prince" getting thrown around.
Babylon defeated Jack the Ripper――――
Only our avatar's name and the details of the incident get circulated.
Fortunately, the information out there on "those guys who aren't in the Round Table" is a jumble of truth and falsehood, so no one really knows who we are.
Benio: "Huh? Am I wrong? Don't you all think that? I've been looking out at the city every night lately. It's so emotional to think that I helped protect this place."
Akihito: "I was wondering why you never seemed to come back from that veranda."
Benio: "Ah......tehe."
She sticks out her tongue.
Benio: "But, but......don't you think so? Don't you feel it too, Akihito?"
Kagome: "Such a shallow flat-chest."
Akihito: "......why does that matter?"
Mayuki: "Hot-blooded justice characters are such a pain. They always turn into little kids when they get excited."
Benio: "Gah, Mayu-Mayu......
aren't you happy about this~!? 
Come ooon, come on, spit it out!"
Mayuki: "Gyawa! Ya! Ah, tickling is no......kyaun! Yau! Please sto――! Kyuu!"
Tickle fight.
Akihito: "You're more like a hero than an "ally of justice.""
Ally of justice――The magic phrase Benio often chants. If nothing else, it did defeat the monster trying to demolish our world.
Benio: "Eh? ......I guess that works. Why a hero?"
Mayuki: "Haa......hau, haau, ha, hauuu......I-I've been...violated......the maid's pervy enough already...why you too......?"
The cool-headed Mayu-Mayu is weak to physical attacks.
Akihito: "It's a hero's job to defeat monsters."
Does someone become a hero, then defeat monsters? Or do they defeat a monster, and then become a hero?
A monster comes from the edge of the world, and a chosen hero stands in its way. That's a very common fairy tale that's been around since ancient times.
Izawa: "Enough of your jabbering, Ironing Board."
Benio: "What did you say, Izawa!? You're part of the team too, so you need to start acting cooperative or......"
Izawa: "If you wanna act like friends then leave me out of it."
As usual, Izawa's bad at compromising. Still, he's softer than when we met him.
Benio: "......what are we, if not friends?"
Haru: "Dunno. That's a good question."
Mayuki: "That's a difficult, fundamental problem, Benio-san. I just learned this recently, but everyone Girl A chooses has a vein next to their nose that sticks out after 11 PM."
Benio: "Eh? You're kidding!"
Mayuki: "I am."
Benio: "Kuwa! You tricked me!"
Kagome: "It's your own fault if you get tricked that easily."
Haru: "You're so trusting, Benio-chan. O-Haru-san kinda likes that."
A relaxed mood, as if we're all covered in silk.
Kagome is cold. Izawa is thorny. Haru is whatever. Mayuki talks people down. Benio is constantly boisterous.
Not one thing has changed since we first met, but......
Benio: "What do you think about us, O-Haru-san?"
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't like thinking about tricky things like that. Well, maybe friends with benefits. Right, Akihito?"
Akihito: "Bubo!"
Her reckless behavior makes me spit out my drink.
Benio: "......what?"
Mayuki: "Having friends in the voice acting business can be critical. The voice cast alone can give a tremendous boost to sales."
Benio: "......what do you think, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "I am not Mayu-Mayu, I am Mayuki."
Mayuki: "It's not an easy question, figuring out what our relationship is now. We didn't come together for any particular reason, we just had to."
Girl A chose us, but didn't tell us anything.
Benio: "Aren't we all allies, then? Though friends works too."
Mayuki: "Friends......"
Mayuki makes a strange face behind her coke bottle glasses.
Mayuki is smart and talkative. She says a lot of mean things, but she's not anti-social. And yet, we don't hear her talk much about any of her own friends.
Mayuki: "What is it? If you keep looking at me with those glaring beastly eyes, I'll sue for sexual harassment."
Akihito: "You could've used nicer adjectives."
Kagome: "I'm pretty sure Akihito had the power to measure a woman's waist with his eyes."
Akihito: "No I don't!"
Benio: "......so, Izawa?"
Izawa: "This is just a pain in the ass, obviously."
Akihito: "That's it?"
Izawa: "If you'd all just disappear, then I could get back to doing what I want."
Mayuki: "That's true, but if you're controlling Babylon alone, 
it's so weak someone might one-hit-KO it."
Izawa: "............"
Haru: "Well, that's quite typical."
Benio: "Got it, short stuff? 
You should be grateful. We're being very nice letting you hang out with us, Izawa."
Benio's justice doesn't hold back against Izawa's evil.
Izawa: "......I'll throw you in the Naruko River."
Benio: "What about you, Akihito?"
Akihito: "......"
It's hard to answer. Friendship, trust, malice, everything. We were connected without having any of that.
We're a "coμ," chained to the rule that we all die if we lose our avatar. None of us are allowed to live or die alone.
Akihito: "......that's tough."
Benio: "We can't have our leader acting so indecisive."
She puffs up like a blowfish.
Akihito: "......I'm only the leader by default."
A group needs a leader to manage it, but we don't have many choices.
Haru and Mayuki don't have the time to do it. Putting Benio or Izawa in charge would be signing our own death warrant. Kagome......can't do it, nor would I want her to.
Akihito: "Not much choice."
The sounds of our feet are completely out of sync. Five people. Kagome doesn't make any sounds as she walks. Six people. We walk at different speeds, with different paces, along the same path.
Akihito: "......"
Jack the Ripper was an opportunity. Five bullets not even facing the same direction.
In that desperate situation, we joined forces and went on the attack for the first time.
Kasukabe Haru's love lessons. A surreal, depraved, dizzying interpretation of the world.
Benio: "Hawahawa~~"
Mayuki: "......that was an informative experience. Thank you very much. I see you believe in free love, O-Haru-san."
As Benio panics, Mayuki looks up at the night sky.
I look up too. The narrow band of sky between the city's buildings is still a lonely black.
Haru: "I have three now......I guess four, since I started with that guy recently."
She appears to be including me. We exchange looks, and she has her usual clueless smile on.
Haru: "It's just like late night snacks. It's hard to give up a cute guy, a cool guy, or a rich guy."
So I'm just a side dish of pickled vegetables?
Mayuki: "It's so wonderful talking honestly about money like that."
Benio: "............your view of love is so dishonest, O-Haru-san."
She glares so hard it could kill.
Women seem to love suggestive topics. There's a reason the kanji for boisterous (姦) is written with three women (女).
Akihito: "......don't come near me."
Izawa: "......you're the one who was gonna bump into me."
We poke each other with our elbows but neither of us move away. We men form a minority in this coμ. Two against four. Every minority in the world has less elbow room than the majority.
Benio: "Ummmm......"
Despite sulking over Haru's free love policy, Benio puts some of her change in a vending machine.
She falls into anguish just before pushing a button. She settles on a caffeine-free diet carbonated beverage.
Kagome: "If you're afraid of scales, then give up and drink water."
Benio: "............!!"
She quickly hid the brand name on the can, but she couldn't escape the witch's eyes.
Haru: "What feels good is best for O-Haru-san."
Haru: "Benio-chan, you'll understand once you get a nice man and kiss and hug and lick and suck and swallow and thrust your hips."
Benio: "Th-th-that's not what......"
I think she imagined it. Benio-san goes red and fidgets.
Mayuki: "That seems like a heavy topic for a virgin who hasn't been pounded yet."
Benio: "Heeeey!"
Benio panics and flicks her forehead.
Benio: "Educational discipliiine!"
Mayuki: "......please stop hitting me just because you don't have a boyfriend."
Benio: "I-I may not......have a boyfriend, but that's not why......I hit you......and besides, I have...kissed before......so it's not like that."
Akihito: "Bu!"
I spit out my drink behind them.
Kagome: "What's wrong, Akihito?"
Akihito: "Nothing. Absolutely nothing."
Haru: "Did you kiss a girl?"
Benio: "......that...too......"
Mayuki: "............you have?"
A sad and painful confession.
Benio: "......what about you, Mayu-Mayu? Are you going out with anyone?"
Mayuki: "I keep telling you it's Mayuki, not Mayu-Mayu. That aside, I currently have no interest in men."
Mayuki: "Boys are all childish, anyway. They can't do anything but yell, shout, and glare like perverts. I'm impressed anyone can fall in love with such things."
She shrugs her shoulders and laughs with an adult expression.
Akihito: "That's depressing......"
The conversation continues to be hard on men.
Benio: "Umm, Hinaori-san, what about you......?"
Mayuki: "......you're truly fearless. Ditziness should not be underestimated."
Haru: "But it is a good question."
The fearless Benio turns everyone's attention to the witch.
Kagome: "I am always dere dere."
Kagome: "And lovey-dovey with Akihito."
Benio: "Oooh, I seeee."
Akihito: "Stop lying."
We both object in monotone.
Akihito: "......anyway, let's meet up again next Monday, okay?"
Haru: "I might not be able to make it on Monday. I have a paper due."
Benio: "......hearing O-Haru-san talk like a serious student feels so wrong."
Mayuki: "That's true. It's so easy to imagine O-Haru-san exchanging favors for good grades."
Benio: "Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "Uue......"
Benio: "――――――!
　――――――!
　――――――!"
Benio's educational discipline lasts for about five minutes at the alley's entrance.
Mayuki: "While we're here, let's add overly talkative to your list of attributes."
She's been worn down.
Benio: "Maybe we need to pay a bit more attention to our morals."
Izawa: "......work on your chest before complaining about other people."
Benio: "Th-they are getting bigger!"
Benio says "we." I still don't really know what "we" are.
Izawa: "Is there a point to meeting up besides small talk and time killing?"
Akihito: "We have no way of knowing when something might happen. You're the one we should be worried about. I never stop hearing bad rumors about you."
Izawa: "What? Acting like the leader again? Stop whining about every little thing I do on my turf."
Akihito: "If you cause trouble by throwing Babylon around on your own it's going to affect all of us."
Izawa: ""Us"......ha! Stop acting like we're friends."
Izawa has his hands in his pockets as he spits out those words. The lone wolf hates herds.
Haru: "If you overuse that avatar again, the Round Table will talk our ears off."
Kagome: "Because they're riffraff."
Izawa: "Who cares about those idiots? Do we really have any reason to wag our tails on their command?"
Mayuki: "Did you say "we?""
Izawa: "............tsk."
Mayuki's harsh follow-up forces Izawa to look away.
Benio: "We're allies, right? We fought together and we won."
Mayuki: "If only the black dragon wasn't so fussy. Please increase your friendship points before the first cours ends, or else you might lose your individuality and just become an ordinary side character."
Akihito: "......when does the cours end?"
We might not get along well, but we are a team. We share our power and our downfall.
Mayuki: "Still, it's been long enough that I'd really like a special event to happen soon. At this rate, our dragon will be wasted."
Haru: "A special event......like this?"
Haru picks up four-eyes.
Mayuki: "Ho......?"
She kisses her.
Mayuki: "Unumun~~~~~~~~~~~~~!!!!???"
Mayuki: "Nyowaoaaannu, uuuumu, nuu, nnnnnnn, npupu, huu, nuuuuu, fuuuu, aaau, nyawa, na, nuuu!"
Quite deep.
Mayuki: "Nyao, nnn! Auuu! Moa, ya! Hya, nnaaa, stop, stooop......auaa......hyahi, n-not that, nyao, *slurp*, *sluuuuurp*, *kiss*, *lick*, naaaaa!"
She's a technician.
Mayuki: "Fua, pufua, haa! Hiya! Ah, ah, ah, I, I can't, brea――, uu! *gulp*, *lick*, uuuuun! No more, my legs......hurt......help me...hyauuu~~~!"
Release.
Haru: "That was delicious. Unripe fruit is nice once in a while."
Benio: "Ha!? That was so shocking that I just stood and watched it!! M-Mayu-Mayu, are you alive!? Are you okay!? Answer me!!"
Kagome: "What a tragedy."
Izawa: "......stay at least three meters away from me, you perv."
Mayuki: "......th-that was......my first kiss......"
As I watch Mayuki shed tears, my phone rings. I have a text.
Akihito: "......it's Nanase. I think this is the special event you wanted. She wants help from whoever's nearby."
The place isn't far, only about ten minutes away.
Benio: "Benio-san's all for it!"
Her hand flies up as a reflex action without asking what's going on. Kagome smiles meanly, and Izawa displays his anger. Mayuki and Haru don't seem to care.
Akihito: "Something wrong, Izawa?"
Izawa: "You have to ask, shithead? You're just letting that woman use you. I don't remember us ever volunteering to be the Table's lap dog."
Mayuki: "......he has a pretty decent point, you know."
She recovered quickly, but her eyes are still wavering.
Benio: "Izawa aside, Mayu-Mayu, how can you be so cold!? Someone's in trouble and we're nearby. Of course we're going to go help them!"
Mayuki: "......I keep telling you it's Mayuki."
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't care either way."
Kagome: "Everyone's opinions are split as usual, Akihito."
To keep the coμ running smoothly, we use a method as modern as our generation.
Akihito: "In that case, let's put this to a democratic vote――"
====================H0110_おとぎ話の夜・サイドB.json====================
The crowds quickly dwindle away once you leave the heart of the city.They used to say night didn't exist here, but by the time we were born, things were changing.
Gray buildings and a gray sky.This area's declining in popularity because of the recession.At night, it's practically deserted.
The department store buildings are quiet this late at night. I lean against my moped on the street corner, waiting. Our guest of honor has yet to arrive, and I'm sick of waiting.
Izawa: "How long is that bastard Nanase gonna make us wait?"
Haru: "She's a woman."
The vote was four versus two. We answer Nanana's call for help, and she sends us out to solve a problem.
The two were Izawa, opposed, and Kagome, neutral. Haru sides with whoever's winning, so once Benio and Mayuki sided with me that was it.
Benio: "So what is it tonight?"
Akihito: "A little bit of punishment for some idiots who went off the rails."
Sir Percival, Takatou Nanase, is a saint made of glass. She's so clear it almost hurts to look at her."Nanana-san" refers to Takatou Nanase. Her mailing list was recently formed to help deal with how unruly the Coμnet's been lately.
It includes Nanase's fans, volunteers with an overflowing sense of justice, and some pragmatic types like me.
We use that to exchange information regarding coμ-related incidents. When something happens, we all text each other. Some of us rush to the scene, talk about it, and sometimes use force to resolve it.
A vigilante team keeping the local area safe.
Izawa: "That's not much. Let's be nice and gentle. I'll feel better after this is over."
Izawa cracks his knuckles and bares his teeth, ready to lash out at whoever's handy. Whoever we're up against tonight has pretty bad luck.
We're a team. We're not close enough to invite each other on our honeymoons, but we do share some common interests.
We share survival, not fate.
Girl A brought us together and connected us to an avatar. Five bullets carrying a piece of a destructive power, each with its own size and direction.
Finally, after a lot of waiting――
Kagome: "It's coming."
The witch announces the arrival of the guest of honor.
Akihito: "What? Weren't they going to text us after they cornered him......?"
Kagome: "Change of plans. That sow screwed up."
Akihito: "――What direction?"
Kagome: "You're so dense, Akihito. An idle life dulls the mind. At least learn to sense someone's presence."
Akihito: "You're the only one here who can do weird stuff like that."
Despite the wait, it'll only take a moment to appear once it arrives.We can't stop it. It's like sand falling through an hourglass.
――――There.
The first thing I see is a shadow.A shadow of something huge descending onto the roof of a dull building.
It dashes at the speed of a hurricane, breaking through the metal fence.
It's the size of a railway car, plummeting to Earth from an eight story roof.Surprisingly, the crash is almost soft.
The black mass remains frozen in place, crouching under the moonlight.
Its ghastly pressure creates the image of an impregnable fortress atop a precipitous cliff.
The fortress writhes like a living being a mere twenty meters away from us.
It writhes.
It creaks. It grates. It grinds.The sound of metal grinding against metal hurts my ears.
The fortress opens its hand. Its fingers are the length of human arms.
It extends arms the length of human bodies.
It rises.
It turns its head as it stands up.
Its legs are too large for an adult man to wrap his arms around.Its foot steps on the "Stop" sprayed in white on the road.
The streetlights cast a fantastic shadow on the ground.The fortress, when standing, resembles a human with its two arms and legs.
――Twice the size of a human.――Fully armored like a knight.――Warped and twisted like a devil.
A bluish-white giant――――
It's a basic Ivanhoe.
The steel knight glares at us, the group of dwarves blocking his path.
We humans are nothing compared to this giant soldier.It wouldn't even have to use its weapon.It could reduce us to dust with a mere kick.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
A high-pitched, static roar that only connectors can hear.The deserted nighttime road rumbles.
The giant runs like the wind once more.
Steel grates, and dust scatters――The knight's sprint doesn't have the explosive sound you'd expect.It races along the ground with an unbelievable silence.
The dizzying pressure approaches us. The towering, blue fortress can crush humans with ease. Trying to run away won't help.
The surging wind beats on my cheeks. I look up to see blue.A dull, sunken blue coats the fortress. The color of the vivid moon.
The knight's eye ridicules the fragile creatures below.
――It's coming.
The giant holds up a large spear and swings it without any particular technique or timing.
A single swing is all we insects deserve.That's what its emotionless eye says to us.
And it's right. Humans are below it. They're not even worth mentioning.
――――But we're more than human.
Akihito: 　　　　　　　"――――Come, Babylon."
The sound of clashing steel tears the night apart.
Neither me, nor any of the five behind me take a step back.
――――A pitch black arm grabs the blue spear in mid-swing.
The heartless steel knight steps back as if we scared it.
Blue light swirls around the giant's hand.
That's the gate Avatars use to teleport――
An arm reaches out of the light.A pitch-black arm, like onyx shrouded in darkness.
The black fist crushes the spear.
The giant spear shatters in the middle, even though the arm barely strengthened its grip.
A second arm manifests from the blue vortex.The Ivanhoe tries to flee, but the arm breaks through its shoulder.
The black claws easily break through its firm armor.
This time, the terrified blue knight is blown backward.
The three meter tall lump of steel flies through the air, arcing high above our heads before tumbling to the ground.
Darkness crawls out from the blue light.
Steel fangs. A steel body. Steel legs.All of them are black, black, black.
A dragon――――The pitch-black Babylon.
A pitch-black serpent king with four limbs and a snake-like neck.Its body is blacker than the night, but then its brilliant eyes open all at once to show off blazing crimson light.
With just one punch, the black dragon turned the Ivanhoe's chest into a crater.
The giant struggles to prop itself up with its remaining arm.It's as awkward as a broken clock.
Babylon proudly roars with its steel throat.
　　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
A number of men rush out from an alley without thinking. Five in total.
Man: "......the......black dragon......!? It can't be......"
The men back up when they see Babylon.
They scold the blue knight with flustered shouts.
Man: "Stand up, Munchhausen!"
　　　　　　　　　■■■■■――――!
The knight roars. Its twisted limbs creak as it stands, like a death cry.
Its single, emotionless, sapphire eye reflects Babylon's majestic appearance. The magical steel knows no fear or fatigue, continuing to fight according to the wills loaded into it.
Akihito: "Hey, don't let them use any special abilities. Also, killing them is out of the question."
Izawa: "As if I'd let them do anything else――――Here we go, maid!"
Haru: "All right, take it away."
Izawa bares his fangs. Babylon answers.
Gravity Control―――Speed boost.
The mage loosens the gravity field's restraints, turning the pitch-black dragon into a bullet.
The men scream out of primal fear. Their fear transfers to the blue knight.
The steel knight knows no pain. It acts as an enormous metal hammer.A simplistic counterattack against the black dragon.
It has no spear, and its arms are crushed. It has no plan or other moves. However, even an avatar's body is a decent weapon.
　　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The dragon shouts, as if mocking the blue knight's charge, its foolishness, and its power.
A sprint comparable to flight. Black claws clutch the knight's head and slam it into the ground.
The steel knight is flattened. This time the Ivanhoe falls completely silent, and the men stand perfectly still, as if their spirits have left them.
Man: "Ah―――Uaaaaaaa......!"
The black dragon doesn't stop.
It digs its claws into the inoperable knight.
It cuts apart the body, pries off the armor, and tears off the legs, taking it apart.
The men scream.
The laughing black jaw turns its fangs toward the knight's throat――
Akihito: "――Izawa."
Izawa continues fighting as the four of us order it to stop.Babylon stops moving as if it's been turned off.
Izawa: "......how merciful. Don't rain on other people's parades."
Benio: "You were clearly overdoing it. Izawa, were you trying to kill them!?"
Izawa: "If I was, they'd have been dead after that first hit."
Benio walks up to him, as he laughs through his nose.
Benio: "What did you――"
Kagome: "That's enough mischief for today."
Kagome sneers.
Is the witch mocking us, or the men on the ground?
Probably both.
====================H0120_嵐《テンペスト》.json====================
―――A storm has come to the Coμnet.
An unprecedented tempest breaks through our slumber, bringing an end to the calm dream.
It's been two years since the Coμnet formed in Takakura City.
Because of the Round Table's watchful eyes, it's been rather peaceful that whole time.
There were coμs that crossed the line, going on a rampage or turning into criminals, but they were few and far between.
It was probably fortunate for everyone that Coμnet's first cabal was the Round Table, which promoted morals and reason.
However, dregs continue to gather no matter how much you clean them out. After two years, the problems have come to the surface.
In every era, people copy the victors. Many other cabals appeared in Coμnet, directly imitating the Round Table.
Just as atoms join to form molecules, coμs with shared interests collude and grow larger.
The crazy coμs thrown out of the Round Table are banding together. Anyone could have predicted that, just as you're sure to end up writhing in agony on the ground if you try to eat the purgatory ramen sold near the station.
The first case was Boskone, a cabal of beginner killers founded by Kaburaya Zenjirou. That group targeted other coμs in order to level up.
And then, the Jack the Ripper incident―――
But the hero who defeated Jack the Ripper wasn't the rational Round Table, but some unknown black dragon's coμ.
In the end, that only proved how powerless the Round Table is against true monsters.
And then, the victor was imitated.
Jack the Ripper copycats began appearing in the city.
Little monsters wandering around in search of freedom once they realize the power their avatars have.
Everyone knows now that the peaceful kingdom was no more than a glass castle.
Jack the Ripper tore open a hole in the Round Table's fortress.And we helped make it happen.
Good will creates evil. Righteousness, error, failure, law, order, violence. All of those things readily change into each other like shapes in a kaleidoscope.
Tonight, the world is still dizzyingly fast. We're always too complicated to keep up.
Once the dream ends, this is a wasteland―――
The Fifth East District――
Three cars are parked in front of the Takakura Suspension Bridge. The men are shoved into them like prisoners about to be transferred.
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun, thank you so much for your help tonight. Thanks to you, we've captured both coμs without incident."
Nanase thanks us with a graceful, soft demeanor. Two vans that look like undertakers drive off in formation.
Takatou Nanase. Her nickname is Nanana-san. She's a small internet idol in the Coμnet. The healing beauty type.
She's also one of the thirteen Round Table Masters.
Mayuki: "Those are rather ordinary vans for a secret society. You need to up your game."
Nanase: "They're volunteers too, so we can't be choosy about that."
It's so like Nanase to give a serious answer to such a meaningless question.
Benio: "So what was all that about anyway?"
One of those vans is carrying the coμ controlling the Ivanhoe we fought.
Nanase: "They were having a "duel game.""
Kagome: "Another way for the riffraff to kill time?"
Kagome doesn't seem to care.
A duel game―――
It's a "game" in name only.
After the Jack the Ripper incident, coμs are starting to settle their differences by fighting.
A simple way of resolving grievances. Every coμ has more power than they know what to do with.
The commonly understood rules are:-Don't attack the connectors directly-Stop fighting once the other avatar can't move
Of course, there's nothing stopping evil coμs from attacking the connectors, or getting overexcited and breaking the other avatar, so we're seeing a lot of group deaths as a result of dueling.
You get burned when you play with fire.
Mayuki: "The Coμnet's getting really into duels, battles and stuff lately. It'd be so peaceful if they just fought with cards."
Nanase: "We keep telling them to stop doing this......but it doesn't have much of an effect......"
Akihito: "Of course not. Lots of these guys just want to use their power for the sake of using it. We're lucky none of them are turning terrorist."
I shrug my shoulders dramatically like an American movie hero.
Benio: "How did you know where they'd be tonight? Duel games can happen pretty much anywhere, right?"
Mayuki: "That's not necessarily true. They have to find partners online, and some invite other coμs to watch."
Benio: "They go that far......?"
Akihito: "Is this going to turn into a bunch of gang warfare?"
Nanase: "We have a secret meeting tonight, actually. Ah, I shouldn't call it that, that makes it sound bad――"
Kagome: "They seem moderate enough. You should get along well, Akihito."
Akihito: "Why do you always sound insulting even when you're saying something nice?"
Every group, every organization, has its moderates. The most popular view is always staying under the radar and not rocking the boat.
Not all of them will be young males eager to smash their big toys into each other.
Izawa: "You trash can't even wipe your own asses. Don't force us to help sort it out."
Kagome: "Don't waste our time any more."
Mayuki: "We've found people with no ulterior motives. They clearly don't understand that human relationships need a certain amount of dishonesty to function."
Mayuki: "By the way, don't you think it's cute how misreading the kanji for "human" makes the word sound like "love of people?""
Akihito: "Nothing's more important than love."
A lot of wide-eyed stares come my way. "Friends" with no love.
Benio: "I agree! The world is all about love!"
This one has a bit too much.
Haru: "Ahu......"
Haru leans against her car parked on the side of the road and yawns wide.
Nanase: "Hopefully it will always go this well."
The conscience of the Round Table heaves a heavy sigh. Her ponytail melts into the night. She pulls it over her shoulder and fiddles with the end of it.
If she starts hanging her head, the whole Round Table will get depressed. She's more important than I am, but I feel a strange desire to protect her. Some morals are wired into me.
Benio: "But......that's right! You know, a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, right?"
Benio's one of Nanase's fans.
A lot of people in the Round Table believe in her. The shrines of Nanase emit healing auras and boob power. She even has fansites.
The password to prove you're a fan is "Nanase is peace."
Nanase: "Also......I might have told you about this before, but there have been more connectors appearing than usual lately."
Nanase: "The Girl A sightings that the Round Table knows about have increased forty percent since last year."
Nanase: "We can't begin to estimate how many more connectors there are in Takakura City now."
When you meet Girl A, you awaken as a connector. As far as we know, there are no exceptions to that.
She starts beckoning about two weeks from your first encounter. Once all five people come together, the avatar appears.
There are some cases where not all five people manage to get together right away, but almost everyone's "dormant period" is about the same length.
Kagome: "The number of accidents in the city seems to be increasing too."
Izawa: "Huh?"
Akihito: "What do you mean "accidents?""
Kagome: "Traffic accidents, gas explosions, fires, buildings falling apart from old age......there are lots of excuses."
Haru: "I see, excuses to cover up avatars."
Haru mumbles behind us with a yawn.
In the darkness of Takakura City, avatars and coμs walk around unseen. The greater their number, the more incidents they'll inadvertantly cause.
Akihito: "Girl A's not thinking things through."
Benio: "Yeah, I wish she'd give us some kind of follow-up support......"
Izawa: "That's what "important people" are like. All they ever do is lean back, cross their legs and eat overly-priced food."
Haru: "Let's try to be nice to the hard-working important person here."
Haru glances at Nanase, who isn't sure what to say to that.
Nanase: "Ah, it's not......"
She forces herself to smile. Apparently she's weak to blame, despite being an "important person."
Nanase: "But I agree, it'd help so much if she'd say something."
Nanase: "Because of these recent trends, even the Round Table is starting to talk about forming an official peacekeeping force......"
She looks down. She seems a little displeased.
Akihito: "You don't like that idea, Nanase-san?"
Nanase: "I don't think using force like that will change things for the better."
Nanase's volunteer group exists partly to mitigate the desire for a peacekeeping force. She's trying to show that the Coμnet can clean up after itself, so there's no need for a formal system.
Nanase: "I should get going now. Again, thank you so much for your help."
Akihito: "Goodbye, Sir Percival."
Nanase: "I really don't like that title. It sounds arrogant."
She lowers her head slightly, and slips into the last car. The driver is David, from Nanase's coμ. Kagome once sent him to the hospital, but he looks better now.
Benio: "She was embarrassed."
Benio waves her hand as she watches the car's tail lights grow distant.
Akihito: "Percival, Lancelot......I'd probably die of shame if people called me one of those."
Mayuki: "Isn't it kinda cool though?"
Their tastes don't match at all. The rifts between people are always deep.
Honestly, it's quite tricky to capture a coμ.
Just pinning down the avatar is a big challenge. If we go overboard and destroy it, they'll all die.
We have to be extremely careful. Lots of effort, little reward. I get why Izawa doesn't like it.
But the real problem is past that.
We can't cut the connection between connector and avatar.
The duelists will get scolded by Nanase in what's commonly known as her "seminars." I'm not sure if that's enough to knock sense into them.
As long as the avatar isn't completely destroyed, it'll recover over time. Then they'll have that power again.
It's like using your hands to cover a hole in a dam――Nanase's efforts are essentially wasted.
Even if her healing boobs manage to melt the hearts of these crazy people, every day there are more reasons for fighting.
One woman's chest just isn't enough to bring about world peace.
Haru: "We should start heading home now."
Haru gets in her car and starts the engine.
Izawa: "This was such a wasted day."
That low voice tells us it's time to go. Izawa, Benio and Mayuki get in the car.
Izawa: "Hey, Mizuwa."
The window comes down, showing Izawa in the back seat.
Izawa: "Have you heard of Caesar's Legion?"
Akihito: "I know the rumors."
Caesar's Legion. A militant group of coμs led by a charismatic connector called Caesar.
I leave out the fact that I've met "Caesar" in person.
Izawa: "They say he's been wandering around the town lately. I still haven't seen him yet."
Akihito: "What do you mean "wandering around?""
Izawa: "Apparently he's trying to be a little peacekeeping force."
Kagome: "Hmph. So one of the Round Table Masters is ignoring the rest of the table and mobilizing an army on his own. He's just as unreasonable as Akihito."
Akihito: "You just want to insult me for the sake of insulting me, right?"
Kagome: "Despising Akihito is part of my daily life."
Akihito: "Well change that!"
Izawa: "......we're not done talking."
Caesar's the newest Round Table Master. He has his own private army, but the Round Table gave him that position anyway.
They had to because his Legion was growing in power so rapidly.
It's like taking poison so you don't get sick.
And Caesar is lethal for them.
Akihito: "......Caesar and the Round Table are gonna butt heads at some point."
Izawa: "Now you know."
Akihito: "Wait, are you worried about me?"
Izawa: "Fuck no. I'm making sure you don't screw up and step on the ticking time bomb."
Benio: "Bye now."
Instead of saying goodbye, Haru makes her stick-shift car spin its wheels before smoothly moving forward.
Kagome and I watch the license plate disappear.
Benio: （Yeah, I wish she'd give us some kind of follow-up support......）
I remember Benio's complaint.
―――What do we do with this power?
That's a question for all coμs and all connectors. Girl A says nothing, thus we have nothing to do with our power.
When you get a power like this, you feel good about it at first, and then you want to use it for something.
If you bought a crossbow――At first you might stick to empty cans, but eventually you'd hunt small animals. If something's wrong with you, it'd take no time at all to move up to humans.
After the incident with Jack, people stopped controlling themselves.
They can control things and people. Lives, assets, safety, emotions. Invading the kingdoms of others.
―――It's a sweet temptation.
Akihito: "You can hurt others without feeling any pain. It's easy to kill people without resolve or malice......"
Kagome: "So stupid Akihito is finally starting to learn a few things."
That's something Kagome said to me a while ago.
The separation between people couldn't be more complete. You can walk beside them, you can be connected to the same avatar, but other people are still "others."
You can't understand them, even if they're right next to you. There may be a monster there, ready to slip a knife gently into your heart――
―――But you wouldn't be able to see it.
Akihito: "If the cops catch us riding tandem, you're paying for half the ticket."
Our team gets around via my moped and Haru's car. Kagome always rides with me. She says she hates being in cramped spaces with people she knows.
Kagome: "You have no limits, Akihito. The fact that an irredeemable womanizer like you exists is a crime in and of itself."
Akihito: "I never asked you to ride on this thing!"
I listen to Kagome's poison as the two of us ride home.
====================H0130_学校の風景02.json====================
―――I dream about the red color.
When I wake up, I have trouble remembering what I dreamed about.
I gaze vacantly at the ceiling and reflect on it. There was a time when I had that dream almost every night. I'm not sure when I started seeing it only occasionally.
I reflect upon the scene in that memory, even though it's not going to change.
――The evening when I learned how gentle the world is.――A soft madder red sky, and a far darker red on the ground.
I shake my head, getting rid of the dream.Another day begins.
Yesterday was relatively peaceful. Hopefully today will be peaceful as well.
I get up, and then go to the living room. The witch is polishing her knives first thing in the morning. A rather surreal sight.
Akihito: "I wake up to another nightmare......"
Kagome: "If I don't sharpen them frequently, they won't cut as well. You're still a child because you don't even know that, Akihito."
Akihito: "......since I'm no adult, please tell me why it matters if they don't cut as well?"
Her tools are spread out on the living room table. The bent blades look more closely related to axes than knives.
Kagome: "Tarou-kun is handy."
She turns over the thick knife in the palm of her hand. It's the largest of Kagome's three knives. They're all named, and she always calls them "-kun."
Kagome: "Tarou-kun the Kukri Knife is a multi-purpose blade from Nepal. Good for farmwork, cooking, and splitting heads."
Akihito: "Please give humanity a fraction of the love you give those knives."
Kagome: "Mostly splitting heads."
Kagome gently swings the blade, checking its balance. Looks perfect.
I'm feeling Prussian blue this morning. I turn on the TV to cheer myself up.
Yuuna: "Good mooorning! It's Yuuna!"
An ever-unchanging local good morning show.
One of this week's guest appearances is an idol singer who proceeds to describe in frightening detail how many traffic accidents there have been in Takakura City recently.
Akihito: "I've seen her on TV a lot lately."
Kagome: "She's from this city, so they're hopeful."
Akihito: "Wow, I didn't know Takakura City had a superstar (in progress)."
Kagome talks about idols. That feels like a contradiction. Like a vegetarian man-eating tiger.
Yuuna: "Yuuna is very sad about these accidents. I hope we don't see any more of them......"
A large LCD television my dad bought because he likes new things then stopped using within half a month. His son continues to make good use of it.
Akihito: "If a car gets crushed from an avatar fight like the one last night, does that get treated as a "traffic accident" too?"
The duel game we helped stop at the end of last week. Some cars and buildings were damaged from that.
Kagome: "The riffraff are satisfied as long as you tell them a fairy tale. Every era has been like that."
Akihito: "Mayuki was saying that in light novels the heroes always get pulled into some alternate dimension so they can fight without damaging anything."
Now that I have an avatar in real life, I envy those superhumans who can completely avoid drawing attention to their actions.
On top of that, I just recently learned that there are real magicians in this world.
And she's a death goddess. It's so ridiculous I haven't told Kagome about it yet.
Benio: "Gud mwornling......"
Benio rubs her tired eyes. The rich girl isn't that good at mornings. You can almost see her brain sputtering.
Now that the Jack the Ripper problem has been resolved, justice girl has begun going back to school.
However, defeating Jack didn't bring back her apartment. For no particular reason, Benio's still living in my room.
She seems to be looking around for a new place, but hasn't found one she likes yet.
Akihito: "Take a shower to wake yourself up so you can eat and go to school."
Benio: "Funyaaa."
The mysterious soft-bodied animal disappears into the bathroom.
Kagome: "What a shameless flat-chest."
Benio is freeloading, but Kagome makes me breakfast and has a "What's Akihito's is mine" attitude.
Which is the bigger nuisance?
Akihito: "......both sides could be argued."
Kagome: "By the way, this is the flat-chest's bra, and this is mine――"
Akihito: "Don't show me those!!"
She holds up both ends of it.
A splendid before and after comparison. Kagome likes simpler designs than I expected. But it's huge. D......?
Kagome: "It's E."
......how do you know?
I look down at the disorder of the world from the roof of this glass castle on a hill called Ayamine Academy.
Below me is the typical hustle and bustle of the school. In the distance, I can see every major landmark of the city, with the new heart in the middle. The north part on one side, the south on another.
The five of us and the witch live in there. Benio's rich girl school is over there. Izawa's turf is over there. That's the maid cafe Haru works at, and that's where Mayuki lives.
When the steel monster appears, I feel my connection to it. Even now, when I feel nothing, we're still connected.
I've been avoiding the roof lately, but I come up here today.
Kururi: "School is so nice. You can get so much sleep here."
There are a lot of people outside during lunch time. The popular bench is dominated by Semimaru Kururi, using a pile of books for a pillow.
Kururi: "Behold the strict classes and the diminutive students busily pursuing their youth. This is how the young are meant to be."
Akihito: "The young need to focus on studying. Don't cut class all day."
Kururi's returned to her studies too after that long break.
Kururi: "Some devote themselves to studying, and others cut class. Two sides of the same coin. That is the true nature of the world."
Akihito: "Those sides aren't connected."
Ayaya: "I congratulate your hard efforts, Kururi-chan-senpai. Ayaya has been waiting for your return as the sun awaits the dawn."
Kagome: "Hmph."
The hamster and the snake witch are here to see the cat return from being missing and presumed dead. Ayaya shows her respect with teary eyes.
Akihito: "Weren't the police annoying?"
Kururi: "That went pretty well, though I still have to make a statement."
Kagome: "The worms don't seem to be loitering around today."
Kururi: "You mean the media? That's right, that was horrible, they almost killed me. But what happened to me wasn't even unusual. It's super out of proportion."
The super-detective rolls around and complains to the sky.
The four of us eat together. This doesn't happen often.
Akihito: "A homemade bentou. Kagome made it."
Kagome: "......"
Ayaya: "Th-this is...amazing......Hinaori-senpai, that's no fair......"
The witch can do anything, so her full spec bentou is enough to make my kouhai feel like she's failed as a woman.
Kururi: "Melon bread and strawberry milk."
Ayaya: "......Mom made mine."
Accidental Ayaya alliteration. Her tiny bentou is well-balanced. Her mother knows what she's doing.
Ayaya: "Put your hands together to show gratitude to Mom and the farmers."
Akihito: "I'm surprised you eat so little, Ayaya."
Ayaya: "No, not at all, I insist this is normal for an average person. Isn't this a cute size for it too?"
Ayaya: "Have no fear. Ayaya has excellent gas mileage, so her parts will continue to grow unhindered!"
Akihito: "That doesn't matter."
Ayaya: "What harsh sadistic words!?"
Ayaya: "Since Senpai invited me to lunch, Ayaya was hoping for an adventure on a deserted rooftop or maybe in the PE prep room......"
The witch, the super-detective, and the hamster kouhai. These people are a bit too strange for this to be a natural group. Kagome starts eating some of the snacks in her handmade bentou.
Akihito: "......"
I find myself thinking about how delicious it looks. Kagome can cook. Her technique and flavoring are never wrong.
Ayaya: "We're all a happy family."
Kururi: "Munch munch."
Kagome: "Munch."
Familiar faces. Time passes leniently.
I've had a lot of busy days lately, so things feel even calmer than usual.
When I thought Kururi died, the loss I felt dug deep. Frustration. Pain.
A black heat resembling anger――
She was okay in the end because she was lucky. If I'd handled things better, if I'd been more careful......
Akihito: "Mmm..."
I scratch my hair.
I can't reach anything with my little hands. I know that better than anyone.
Kururi: "What are you doing, Aki-chan?"
Kagome: "Shut up and eat."
Ayaya: "Senpai, Senpai, keep it together. Don't lose your love. If you need emotional support, Ayaya shall humbly provide you with a soft mat to rest on!"
Akihito: "Kagome has a better mat."
Ayaya: "Ayayaya!? That can't be! This is the despair of being confronted with a truth you can't do anything about!!"
Ayaya: "Not only have I been defeated by an enemy of such terrifying strength, but now I'm shocked to learn you and Kagome-senpai are so close you've been checking her size every day with both hands!"
Kururi: "Oh my, wifey, did you hear that? What an indecent claim."
Kagome: "Akihito is a boobman. Once he even gleefully compared my bra to that of a flat-chested woman."
Akihito: "You were holding them in my face!"
Ayaya: "For numerous reasons, gyaaaa!!"
The misunderstandings spread throughout the world.
Ten minutes later. Peace and quiet. No, really.
Ayaya: "Now, just a little to the right. There, I've got everyone. Now Ayaya too."
Ayaya takes a picture with her cell phone to celebrate our reunion.
She sends it to our phones. I save it.
Akihito: "......"
Akihito: "You really aren't photogenic, Senpai......"
Not getting involved with people was supposed to be one of my policies.
Sudden death. Unreasonable acts. Misfortune. Failure. I always insisted those things happen all the time, wherever you go.
I shouldn't have come back to Takakura City. I'm connected to too many things.
The place I was born. Memories of my hometown. Kagome.
Connections that should have been severed by those years of absence, yet......
Even though everyone's always alone, this gentle kingdom won't let me rot away by myself.
When I look away, a connection forms. Over the course of these meaningless interactions, I find myself more at ease.
Akihito: "......come to think of it, I never asked you what happened."
Kururi: "Meow."
Akihito: "Don't play dumb, werecat."
Ayaya: "What prompted you to exploit some corpse vanishing trick, Kururi-chan-senpai?"
Kururi: "Kururi-chan is drawn to interesting cases just like cats to string."
Kururi: "I was following a lead on my own that night, drifting through a nighttime city filled with decadence――"
Kururi: "But when I came across someone useful, a monster came down out of nowhere. It looked like an estranged second-cousin of a gorilla."
Kururi: "The guy next to me didn't make it so I jumped into a river and escaped."
Akihito: "Bu!"
Kagome: "That's disgusting, Akihito."
Ayaya: "Wow. You're sure it was gorilla-like? Not an iguana that evolved in the scorching summer heat even though it's spring?"
Kururi: "You don't believe me, do you? You're trying to tell if I'm lying."
Kururi: "Kururi's Grand Adventures Chapter 3. She sees a huge green monster hiding in the darkness of the city! Will she survive to tell the tale!?"
Ayaya: "It's starting to sound fake."
Kururi: "It's true, it's true, super-true."
Kagome and I know that it probably is true.
If that really was an avatar, then Kururi was extremely lucky to come back from that. They say cats have eight lives. Or maybe nine.
Akihito: "......so what were you looking into?"
Kagome: "The monster's tamer?"
Ayaya: "Does that thing have a tamer? I know some recent Hollywood flicks have mysterious Japanese companies as the bad guys."
Akihito: "......a Japanese company?"
Kururi: "............not telling."
She rolls around.
Akihito: "Hey."
Kururi: "Super-detective secret technique: Rolling around."
She blatantly avoids the question. Once she gets like this there's no point pushing or pulling on her.
Akihito: "......fine, but don't stick your neck into it anymore."
Kururi: "Actually, I'm not sleeping at home these days."
Kagome: "So the cat has a brain."
Kururi: "It'd be bad if that monster came after me."
Kururi: "There was an image board where some idiot started a thread called "Finally, an accident at my school!" and uploaded Kururi-chan's name and address."
Ayaya: "Ayayayaaa, the evils of internet society."
Kururi: "He was from this school's computer club, so Kururi-chan was very annoyed and ensured every one of them went through hell."
Akihito: "The iron fist of judgment?"
Kururi: "I snuck into their rooms at night, reformatted all of their hard discs, and threw away all the backups. Geheheheheheheh."
A very uncute laugh.
Ayaya: "That would be hell......"
Our lunch boxes are now empty. I set my chopsticks down on the lid and put my hands together.
Akihito: "Senpai-sama, keep lying low until this blows over, okay?"
Kururi: "Meow."
Can't trust that.
Tianwen: "I see. I'm glad to hear that your friend's okay, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "I'm still not sure if she's all there."
I have work tonight. Right now, I'm busy getting Izalone ready to open.
I was skipping work a lot lately, so I'm dangerously low on money now. You can't eat if you don't work. Eternal truth.
Tianwen: "There have been a lot of strange incidents lately. Akihito-kun, keep your eyes peeled whenever you walk around at night."
Tianwen: "I'm patiently waiting for the chance to ensure Akihito-kun's first time is as gentle as possible."
Akihito: "You're the bad guy here."
Tianwen: "Oh, I mean hoping, of course."
Akihito: "That's the only word you want to change?"
I hurriedly finish mopping. Cleaning, arranging dishes, checking inventory, paperwork. There are a lot of things to do before opening.
Tianwen: "You seem to have more friends lately."
Akihito: "I've always had a lot."
Tianwen: "You mean you always had lots of numbers in your cell phone."
The Owner carefully adjusts the wine bottles. He doesn't like how some of them look at certain angles.
Akihito: "Not all of those new relationships are something to celebrate."
Tianwen: "Relationships are like that. They have lots of things you do need, and a lot you don't. That's what makes life so rich."
Akihito: "Thirty-year olds are really good at saying profound things."
Tianwen: "Uuuuuuu......"
He slams his head into the counter and cries.
====================H0135_ロンドとの再会.json====================
The early summer in Takakura City is a little cooler than last year.
Since I haven't lived here recently, for me the city's typical weather is just faded memories and pictures in an album.
It's Thursday, with the weekend starting tomorrow. We have one of our regular meetings on the footbridge in front of the station tonight. There's plenty of time before the evening rush, but it's still crowded.
There are two street bands of dubious skill performing tonight. They're close enough together that their music interferes with each other, so I can't make out the songs.
Foreign Peddler: "Hey there, want any silver? What about you, miss?"
Akihito: "I'm possessed, so silver's toxic for me. Sorry."
Foreign Peddler: "Hey you, rich boy!"
A middle-eastern peddler tries to show off some cheap accessories. I evade him.
Akihito: "We might start seeing mosquitos around here soon. Any way we can get a roof and walls around us?"
Kagome: "I don't think an idiot's blood tastes that good, Akihito."
Akihito: "You'll take any chance to call me an idiot, won't you?"
Kagome: "I didn't say that at all, but if you're aware of it, I might as well admit that it's true."
Day or night, the witch spits poison whenever she has time to kill.
Chairman: "Right now, we're playing your new song, Yuuna-chan. This only came out last month, right?"
Yuuna: "Yes. It's a very cool song, so I put a lot of energy into singing it."
Yuuna: "There have been a lot of worrying incidents lately, so I hope this song helps everyone cheer up."
The evening talk show on the jumbotron plays a new song from the local idol I saw this morning. This one has just been added to karaoke boxes.
Kagome: "If you stand in the middle of the road with your obscene eyes on the gravure idol on TV, people will worry about you."
Akihito: "I'm not doing that! She's outside my strike zone anyway!! And she's not gravure!!"
The show switches to a commercial. Before it ends, two more people show up.
Six people again. This is probably the only wrong-numbered coμ in the city. The black dragon and a witch.
Akihito: "Wah, mosquitos did show up."
Benio: "It is almost summer. Should we go burn some anti-mosquito incense together?"
Izawa: "Do it on your own."
Benio: "Muwa......
fine, Izawa, let the mosquitos eat you alive."
Haru: "Izawacchi and Benio-chan still don't get along."
Mayuki: "They have conflicting alignments. Every team has a few members that don't really belong since they were left over after everyone else got picked."
Akihito: "No, it's not like that. We're just a mess."
It feels like each of us was randomly selected out of the huge variety of people in this city.
Akihito: "I wonder how other coμs manage themselves."
Benio: "Aaah, I would like to know that."
Izawa: "Beat up the annoying shits. What else would you do?"
Mayuki: "That couldn't be more anti-social......"
Kagome: "Be careful who you hit, titmouse. You'll die if you attack someone stronger than you."
Izawa: "......y-you......!"
Haru: "Well, I doubt the others are that different. Grass always seems greener on the other side."
I've seen some people talk about it on Coμnet sites. There are a few threads like "I hate this about my coμ" with sad stories that get rather popular.
Those only show one side of the story, but the fact remains that getting a bunch of humans to work together as a group takes a lot of effort.
The street performers finish behind us. One of the vocalists lazily thanks the peanut gallery.
Vocalist: "Thanks, everyone!"
Benio: "Waaa!"
Benio applauds along with the rest of the audience. Some coins are thrown into a donation box shaped like a guitar case.
It was a disheartening performance, and he wasn't even really singing, but the listeners hand over a surprising amount of change.
Every so often some of these performers put effort into it, but about eighty percent are no better than this. Are they coming out here just for practice? Are some of these people listening every day?
There's no end to this city's mysteries.
Haru: "Benio-chan, do you go to concerts a lot?"
Benio: "Yeah, with Saho and Kouchin......friends from school. The other day, I went to see a band called Uroborus."
Izawa: "You've got a lot of free time, Ironing Board."
Izawa insults her. The music has been bugging him for a while.
Benio: "......I'm not a board."
Haru: "Beni-chan, do you ever play instruments in a bunny girl outfit?"
Benio: "No, I don't."
Mayuki: "What genre do you usually see?"
Akihito: "Wasn't it punk?"
Akihito: "The guys who scream "Anarchyyyy! Anarchyyyy!" while shaking their heads around, chasing their audience away with a chainsaw and drinking chicken blood?"
Benio: "N-O! NO! I like rock that's closer to pop."
Kagome: "So the pebble-chest sides with the masses."
Benio: "P-p-pebble......!?"
Lately, Kagome's been merciless to people other than me. I don't think her dictionary ever had the word "mercy" in it.
Akihito: "Don't they break guitars too?"
Benio: "N-O! NO! Why would you break your own instruments?"
Kagome: "Try doing it once. Barbarism suits you."
Benio: "I'm not into visual-kei, I like bands that actually focus on the music――"
Izawa: "If we're gonna chat, let's get moving."
Akihito: "You're right, let's go."
Kagome: "Hmph, very well."
Haru: "All right."
Mayuki: "Understood."
Benio: "W-wait! I'm still talking!!"
We head off, seeking a meeting place for tonight. The bouncy fawn is left behind. Benio doesn't get rewarded for her energy much.
We pick a fairly close place this time.
There are a lot of open cafes around the plaza in front of the station. "Shambleau" is one of them.
The menu's closer to a proper restaurant than a cafe.
Mayuki: "Can I see the menu, please? That one. Not that, the blue one next to it."
Benio: "But this is the dessert menu. You need to eat healthy at your age, Mayu-Mayu, or you won't grow."
Izawa: "You do look like you've been skipping a lot of meals."
The rich girl responds to the insinuation by readying a pepper shaker, while the ruffian shields himself with a menu. One of the maids approaches us, scared.
Maid: "H-have you reached a decision?"
The plaza is always packed. No one pays much attention to the people next to them. For that reason, it's perfect for secret meetings.
Mayuki: "I'd like this spring bamboo parfait and orange set first, and later the honeywart cake."
Haru: "What's with all the traditional desserts they're pushing? Hmmm......"
Akihito: "Does the order really matter?"
Mayuki: "You know so little, Akihito-san. Meals aren't just about eating."
Mayuki: "The order you eat things can enhance or destroy any flavor.Only after savoring the harmony of bamboo and orange will the subtle aroma of honeywart――"
The mental symphony of taste and smell is a complete mess.
Izawa: "Coffee and a cheese doria."
Benio: "......so normal."
Kagome: "That doesn't fit your character, titmouse."
Izawa: "............shut it, snake."
Haru: "The Japanese set with udon."
Akihito: "That's also pretty typical."
Haru: "I am supposed to be lower-middle class."
The maid claims to be a commoner as she shakes a chest of royalty.
Kagome: "The meat spaghetti set with a mushroom hamburger, as well as a soup and drink combo. For dessert, a chocolate parfait and blueberry cheesecake."
Benio: "W-wow, didn't see that coming, Kagome-san."
A resentful voice like wind rising up from the bottom of the Earth.
Kagome: "I am on a diet, after all."
Benio: "Die――......!!!"
Akihito: "So, Benio-san, what are you getting?"
For some reason I'm still calling her "-san."
Benio: "......bread and a vegetable salad."
I feel a dark aura that'd make even the watchdog of Hell walk away with his tail between his legs.
Kagome: "That's not much. You won't get any bigger if you don't eat properly."
She whips the fleeing dog.
Haru: "Don't look a gift horse in the mouth."
Benio: "Why God......? Why are you so cruel......?"
She curses the heavens. The two next to her know nothing of diets, so Benio's futile request ends up in tears.
Kagome: "I eat this every day."
Akihito: "You'd never be that thin if you did."
Benio: "This......this fat on my stomach...all of it must......!"
Mayuki: "I don't think I've ever seen someone cry tears of blood before. This is a valuable experience."
Mayuki takes a picture with her cell phone. One page of our beautiful youth.
Akihito: "You can be pretty cruel yourself."
Mayuki: "I've been battered and bruised by the harsh adult world. I may be honest, but I know that kindness is a sin."
Akihito: "You're not honest."
Benio: "Not much longer, Mayu-Mayu......you can still pretend it's not your problem only because you're so young. In a few years――
You'll taste the same suffering as me!"
Fallen justice produces a resentful prayer.
We stack up our empty plates.
Benio: "I know you said this before, Mayu-Mayu, but I'd like it if something happened soon."
Benio rests one elbow on the table.
Akihito: "You mean like forming a club or something?"
Benio: "Not that. I mean this power we have. I want to come up with a use for it. Something constructive and forward-thinking."
Mayuki: "You have a point. At first we were too busy staying alive to think about that."
Akihito: "We had no idea how it worked either."
Until recently, we've been fighting for our lives.
Now that we don't have to run around like headless chickens anymore and a calm unchanging time has come upon us, we start needing something new.
Creating groups, organizations, countries――The richest humans start producing pastimes and ideas.
Haru: "Wanna try a bank robbery?"
Benio: "Nothing evil."
Akihito: "Got any ideas yourself?"
Benio: "............fighting for justice."
Izawa: "Don't make us laugh."
Kagome: "You're lacking brains as well as boobs."
The two dark characters laugh.
Mayuki: "I am deeply interested in being a superheroine, but there's the rather large problem of finding an enemy to fight."
Benio: "But there are all these accidents happening around the city every day. If we could use Babylon to―――"
Akihito: "If we walk around with him in broad daylight the Round Table won't let us hear the end of it."
Benio: "Uuo......"
Izawa: "......they're such a pain. I hate people who act like they know everything."
The Round Table wants to hide the existence of connectors to avoid conflicts with regular society.
Haru: "It's hard to tell what we should do with such a huge, black thing."
Strangely erotic.
Avatars are excessive. They have too much power, and they're too imprecise to function as tools.
We can demolish entire buildings, but there's no use for that. Not only does Babylon draw attention, but all of us need to be together to use it.
Mayuki: "Now we're getting some typical backstory. Normally everyone wants to use their superpowers as soon as they learn of them."
Izawa: "......don't call it a "backstory.""
Haru: "Aren't there manga where they have to train a lot first?"
Mayuki: "Usually they do six months of training in a week. It's no fun watching all the hard work and willpower before it pays off."
Mayuki: "Besides, the protagonist is always some kind of genius."
Mayuki: "He'll promise to learn in a week what lesser characters took ten years to master, then actually pull it off."
Benio: "Oooh, you're right."
Akihito: "So it all comes down to talent?"
I glance to one side. The pure, unadulterated genius is snobbishly scooping out the bottom of her chocolate parfait.
Akihito: "Where on Earth does all that food go?"
Kagome: "My stomach. Didn't you learn that in school? Or were you focusing on Ms. Kushida's breasts instead of listening?"
Akihito: "Don't bring up stuff from eight years ago!!"
This is why women who know my past are so......!
Benio: "So boys are like that......"
Mayuki: "You're a lolicon but you like huge breasts......Akihito-san, as of this moment you have made enemies out of ten million people in this country."
Haru: "Isn't that normal? Boys always like a girl's chest."
Izawa: "Hu, huhuhaha!"
Th-these guys......I can't stand this.
Kagome: "There's a phrase that goes something like "you reap what you sow.""
Akihito: "You sowed this!"
Since I'm losing, I casually look at the inside of the crowded cafe, and then at the plaza entrance.
Something red comes toward us. It's surprisingly clumsy, bumping into people entering and leaving the plaza.
Blond hair, green eyes, brown skin. Her movements are as vivid as her red jacket.
Akihito: "Rondo Rondo?"
The night we saw Sting――This connector appeared before us.
Rondo: "By Hecate, this is a lucky meeting."
Rondo brushes her hair aside with one hand and smiles like a blooming flower.
Akihito: "Umm, who's that?"
Rondo: "You don't know Hecate? An ancient goddess of witchcraft. My mother comes from a long line of Massachusetts witches."
She folds her arms and looks down in a picturesque pose.
We have a witch with us already. Rondo feels more like a foreign country's princess than a witch.
Benio: "Rondo Rondo."
Izawa: "You......you're that bitch. Did you come all the way out here just so I could kill you?"
Kagome: "............"
Benio and Izawa react since they recognize her. Kagome gives her a quick glance then swiftly ignores her.
Iroha: "Heheeh, so you're the famous Mizuwa-san. Hmm-hmm. Rondo's been talking about you so much. Oh, sorry. I'm Kimizuka Iroha. We're teammates."
Another person pops out from behind the princess.
The short-haired energetic girl sniffs like a dog. The legs coming out of her short denim pants look healthy and athletic. I see freckles there too.
Rondo: "Stop doing that in front of people. And stop pointing."
Iroha: "Who cares? It's not changing. Come on, you're always posing like that. Hey, what do you guys think?"
Rondo has another girl with her. They give off a powerful friendship aura.
Mayuki: "Do you know these two, Akihito-san?"
Haru: "It looks like everyone but O-Haru-san and Mayuki-chan know these two."
Akihito: "Well, I don't quite know them, per se."
Mayuki: "Another girl."
Haru: "Another!!"
Akihito: "Don't emphasize that part."
I summarize how we met them. The air around the table grows quietly tense.
Haru: "Hmmm."
Haru scans Rondo up and down, her face resembling eaves in mild autumn weather.
Actions are determined by past experience. Since we've going through a baptism by fire at the hands of the BKs, we act as prickly as porcupines around strangers.
Rondo: "Am I interfering?"
Akihito: "No, not at all. I'm always nice to girls. So what is it today?"
Rondo: "I promised we'd meet again, didn't I?......
kidding, this is just a coincidence, but a convenient one."
Iroha: "Yeah, yeah."
She nods like they planned this.
Benio: "Girls really do like you......"
Mayuki: "What kind of skill is this? I'd like to see the kind of people who fall for this."
Haru: "You don't look that bad, and you know how to talk. That's worth a lot."
Kagome: "Everyone loves you, Akihito."
Akihito: "――――!!!"
The witch's cold gaze almost stops my heart. The air temperature just dropped.
Izawa: "......idiot."
Akihito: "Still, this is a really big city."
Rondo: "There's a shop I like around here――And you guys stand out a lot. Like roses."
We might as well be wearing collars with bells.
Kagome's no good all by herself. She can't hide even in the middle of a crowd. Everything from her hair to her attitude sets off alarms in everyone's head.
Next, the maid. She might blend into the south side pleasure district, but she's a super maid walking around town in broad daylight. Her body is extra super. A walking time bomb.
Izawa is a hero in some of the bad parts of town. People living in darkness have a lot of connections. His name comes up a lot, even among people who haven't seen him.
The fact that Mayuki and Benio are somehow the least conspicuous shows just how useless it is for us to try and hide anywhere in this city.
My head falls into the table. Fortunately, the dishes have been cleared off.
Benio: "What's wrong?"
Akihito: "Nothing, it's just scary what you can get used to......I only just remembered how much this group sticks out."
Mayuki: "You're complaining now? This is autumn, when everyone reaps the richly-colored harvest of the city."
A rich girl, a ruffian, a maid, a frog, and a witch. We have the lowest and highest levels of the city hierarchy.
Akihito: "It's Kagome's fault. With her around, my sense of who looks normal is thrown off."
Kagome: "Don't blame others for your terrible eyesight."
Izawa: "Mizuwa, are you really in a position to criticize others?"
Izawa doesn't like noisy places, so he's out of place here.
Akihito: "I'm normal."
Izawa: "Hyaha! Don't make me laugh."
Iroha: "Ah, but I've heard about you, Mizuwa Akihito. Rumor has it you're a "troubleshooter" who will help any girl you find in distress."
Akihito: "The hell is that street name? ......is that supposed to be me?"
Kagome: "Uwa, that's so embarrassing."
Akihito: "Stop it. That doesn't fit your character at all, so stop it!"
Mayuki: "It's embarrassing just listening to it. My face feels like it's burning. "Troubleshooter" sounds like a superhero from the Showa era. Why do some people let bygone eras hold them back instead of advancing?"
Benio: "......so you do only help girls."
Akihito: "These accusations are baseless."
Haru: "*sip*"
Haru sips her after-meal tea.
Rondo: "Your coμ's getting a bit famous too."
Rondo smiles and points. 
Rondo: "You beat down Nanase's Fuchur and defeated Jack the Ripper with your black dragon avatar. You're the Coμnet's new heroes."
Haru: "I can imagine Nananatchi's fans getting jealous."
Rondo: "But you're also popular. There are a lot of people opposed to the Round Table, and they like what you guys did. You're an anti-hero."
Akihito: "The newbies always end up hating the old bigshots."
Rondo: "So......"
She puts a hand on the table and leans forward.
Rondo: "There's also a rumor that Izawa Shuu might be part of that black dragon's coμ."
Izawa: "What do I care? Keep your face away from me."
Izawa threatens her with a ferocious glare. Rondo Rondo is like a hard, sharp spear. She doesn't back down like a puppy even before Izawa.
Akihito: "......you cause way too much trouble."
Izawa: "I've forgotten all that old stuff."
Akihito: "You'll get lobotomized at the end of all this."
Akihito: "Anyway, you said this was convenient, so why are you here? Do you need our veteran combat advice on something?"
Iroha: "He's so embarrassed."
Rondo: "Unfortunately, we can handle that ourselves. We're not that weak."
Rondo's face is so close I can tell she smells like flowers.
Rondo: "Are you free this weekend?"
Akihito: "Are you asking me on a date?"
Benio: "A date!?"
Rondo: "One of these gets three people in."
Rondo holds out two tickets.
Benio: "......it says so on them."
She's strangely wary.
Rondo: "It's a party. You should come. It'll be fun."
Akihito: "I don't have any dresses or pumpkin carriages on hand."
Rondo: "There's no prince, don't worry. You can wear whatever you want."
The tickets say "Gig 04" on them. A small scale live concert held in secret.
Izawa: "......is this some amateur band's concert?"
Benio: "That might be fun."
Mayuki: "Mayukin has dead zero interest in that stuff. If you want a Priest in your party, please go ask someone else."
Akihito: "Aren't you more like a Curse Maker?"
Mayuki: "I'll subject you to baritsu later."
Rondo: "It's a gig, but not for a band. Like I said, it's a party for people like us."
Us. Connectors.
Kagome: "Oooh? Finally something worth listening to."
Akihito: "......I might be interested."
Rondo: "I think you guys would benefit from a bit of socializing."
Haru: "You're being awfully nice."
Rondo: "Just being polite. We found each other again, so we should take this chance to make new friends."
Benio: "Yes! I'm all for making new friends!"
A hand flies up. Everyone else gives her a cold look.
Rondo: "Besides, I'm interested in this black dragon coμ from all the rumors."
Rondo: "But why are there six of you......?"
Coμs have five people. It doesn't add up, so Rondo tilts her head.
Rondo: "Never mind, I won't ask. We can't trust each other enough yet."
――"Can't trust" is the inverse of "don't trust."
Rondo Rondo――She's involved in some dangerous stuff too.She's a much more serious woman than she looks and acts.
Akihito: "Okay, if there's room in my schedule I'll show up."
I try to grab the tickets, then I notice she's holding out her other hand too.
Akihito: "What?"
Rondo: "Ten thousand yen for these two tickets."
Benio: "......you're charging us?"
She's shrewd.
Rondo and Iroha walk away. We leave the shop soon ourselves. It's evening, so staying too long will annoy the manager.
As we think about what to do next――
Iroha: "I forgot something."
One of Rondo's teammates comes back. Kimizuka Iroha.
Akihito: "Are you secretly a ditz?"
Iroha: "No, that's Rondo."
Girls have no mercy on their friends.
Iroha: "Hmm, hmm."
She stares intently at us.
Benio: "Th-that's too close. No perverse conduct!"
Iroha: "Oh, sorry. Actually I didn't forget anything. I just wanted to get a closer look at you guys."
Iroha: "Rondo seems to like you guys a lot, so I was wondering what you're like."
Benio: "Nyao!?"
Mayuki: "You're so noisy, Benio-san."
Haru: "Isn't it nice and youthful?"
Izawa: "......geez, can you stop making this even more annoying?"
Akihito: "She's just like this."
Iroha: "You guys seem nice."
Akihito: "When women call people nice it's not a compliment, is it?"
Iroha: "Hahaha, you're not suppossed to say that."
She makes an X with her arms. Everything she does is overblown.
Iroha: "Bye now, see you on the weekend. Get along with Rondo if you can. She's actually quite shy."
Iroha waves as she runs off, her last words making her sound like a mother.
Benio: "......more women."
Benio maintains a weird expression.
====================H0138_紅緒の告白.json====================
Today's meeting ends with a lot of fuss.
Partly because Rondo showed up in the middle, but also because we end up aimlessly killing time without any particular goal, as usual.
Mayuki: "Now then, I have work tonight, so I have to get going."
Haru: "Such a hard-working girl. In that case, O-Haru-san will leave too."
Akihito: "What're you gonna do this weekend, Izawa?"
Izawa: "......hmph."
The lone wolf snorts instead of answering. He acts as if everyone who makes eye contact with him is an enemy as he walks off into the city at night.
Akihito: "......guess we're going home too."
Kagome: "You don't have a single clever line for times like these, Akihito."
Akihito: "Stop trying so hard to come up with insults."
Benio: "......I'll go catch a train, then."
Benio waves goodbye and runs off to the station.
Akihito: "............"
Kagome: "Get going, Akihito."
Akihito: "Hm? ......ah, right."
Before reaching to the ticket machine, she turns around as if she just remembered something. She begins looking through a vending machine next to one of the shops.
Benio: "Hmm, okay."
Just as she picks something and pulls out her wallet――
Akihito: "I'll pay for that."
I put some coins in myself.
Benio: "Oh,thank you......okay."
A carbonated drink called Abyss. Clearly not a safe name.
Akihito: "What is that? ......it sounds ominous."
Benio: "It's fun to try stuff and see if it's any good."
Benio: "This is a rare drink. I've been wanting to try it ever since BJ blogged about it."
Akihito: "How did that guy describe it?"
Benio: "A new man-made hell."
I'm betting his screenname stands for "bad juice."
Akihito: "You're so brave, Benio-chan."
Benio: "Humans must always be willing to brave new frontiers!"
Akihito: "I'm pretty sure this is just foolish."
I play it safe and get some coffee. I am curious about these unknown flavors, but I don't want to spend my own money on them before sacrificing someone else.
Benio: "......umm, didn't you head home with Hinaori-san?"
Akihito: "I'm making her wait. Kagome doesn't have a license. Once in a while, I need to make her grateful for me."
Benio: "Did I worry you?"
Before she ran off toward the station, Benio looked at me for a strangely long time.
Benio: "You really do look out for people a lot. I'm not sure if that's surprising or too obvious."
Akihito: "I'm trying to be a cool-guy feminist."
Benio: "......so you're a womanizer."
Akihito: "That's not......true."
......I'm pretty sure I got seduced, not the other way around. Right?
Benio: "You're only ever nice to girls......"
Akihito: "......don't insult me too much. You're not Kagome."
She was glaring at me pretty hard.
Benio: "......and yet you don't let people get close to you."
Akihito: "......"
I watch people go through the turnstiles as I try to process that.
Benio: "......but I'm still......losing it a bit."
Akihito: "......you are?"
Benio: （A girl's magic.）
I remember that night, back when I thought Kururi was dead, and the BKs were still a threat.
I walked around the city at night on an utterly futile search, but Benio came with me.
......is that why she did that?
Benio continues looking away, her arms quivering.
Benio: "Ah! I shook the soda......"
Akihito: "That was clumsy."
Benio: "Umm......I'm not really sure myself, but I think I might like you."
Akihito: "You think?"
Benio: "Yeah, I think. So I was trying to make you like me."
That's so like Benio. She did that entirely on impulse.
Akihito: "Was that why you......?"
Benio: "Why I what?"
Akihito: "Back when my Senpai disappeared, you......"
Benio: "......"
She looks embarrassed. She must have remembered what happened under the night sky.
Benio: "Something like that. Maybe I don't sound like it, but I'm serious. I don't get infatuated easily......normally......"
Akihito: "Well, you definitely don't look like the type to pick up guys just for fun."
Benio: "Yeah, so it's probably love."
Akihito: "......thank you."
There's this strange distance between us, even though she just confessed. For lack of a better idea, I thank her.
Akihito: "Simple and honest guys like me tend to lose their heads and do something stupid for girls like you."
Benio: "Yes, yes, Mister Honest."
She puts a few fingers to her mouth and thinks for a moment.
Benio: "You know, that was my third kiss, but the first one that I started."
She talks about her past even though I didn't ask.
Benio: "The first time was before I started going to school here."
Benio: "There was this really cool older girl I liked a lot, and she suddenly forced a kiss on me......and I felt like I was dying."
Akihito: "Is this your first love?"
Benio: "Then there was this really pretty partly foreign woman......"
Akihito: "............"
Come to think of it, she did say she'd kissed a girl before.
Benio: "That was a girl at my current school, younger than me. She kissed me when I let my guard down."
Akihito: "......aren't you going to an expensive all girls' school?"
Benio: "Yeah......"
My condolences. She must be the type of girl that other girls like.
Akihito: "......did you ever swing that way?"
Benio: "No! No! Not in the slightest!"
She shakes her head so hard her whole body twists. Her drink starts fizzing again.
Benio: "Why do girls like me so much......?"
She lowers her shoulders, recalling painful memories.
Benio: "But......th-that means......well, th-that night was...m-my first time...kissing......a boy......"
Akihito: "That's a little embarrassing."
Benio: "Hinaori-san's really pretty, and......huge......"
The conversation suddenly flies off in another direction.
Akihito: "......well, everyone's different."
Benio: "......which do you like, Akihito?"
A serious gaze. Have I ever been asked a question with more serious eyes?
Akihito: "If you must know......"
Of course I prefer large ones. There are some weirdos that like them small, and moderates who value shape over size.
But if I'm asked whether I like big or small, of course I'm gonna choose "big!" The only reason I'm not saying it is because I'm (hypocritically) kind.
Benio: "Ah, a text......
Kouchin?"
Akihito: "What's that weird strap?"
Her cell phone strap has what looks like a hero on it. Not very girly.
Benio: "This? It's an "Acceptor" strap."I will accept my destiny!""
Benio makes a transformation pose, right in front of the station's turnstile.
I guess that's some transforming hero show. Seems like exactly what Benio would watch.
Akihito: "......we should get going. I'm done drinking this anyway."
Benio: "Wait,you still haven't answered my question."
Akihito: "......"
Akihito: "......we should get going. I'm done drinking this anyway."
Benio: "Wh-why are you repeating that!? Why won't you answer me!? Whyyy!?"
Akihito: "Don't worry, the four-eyed frog is still your friend."
Benio: "You're mocking me! Uu, you――! Big ones are evil!"
Benio cries tears of blood as she endures the sorrows of life. I wave goodbye to her.
Benio: "It's much easier going up and down stairs when they're light!!"
Benio runs up the stairs. She's practically a delinquent now. Her arms were swinging all around, so her carbonated drink is probably in a miserable state.
――I'm not doing much better.
Akihito: "That's just mean......"
By the time I get back to the plaza――Kagome already took my moped and went home.
====================H0150_ワルプルギスナイト.json====================
――The weekend arrives.
A festival held on Friday and Saturday, right around when the date changes. The red girl Rondo Rondo called it a party. A Walpurgis Night for connectors――
Mayuki: "It's kinda like Manma."
Benio: "What's that? It sounds delicious."
Mayuki: "Going there is more tiring than tasty......"
Mayuki: "Twice a year, wild geese who've endured countless battles expose themselves to scorching heat and frigid cold to fulfill a mission they have devoted their souls too......it's that kind of place."
She looks off into the distance, as if gazing at a shooting star.
Mayuki: "I've never braved it myself, though once I had a horrible yet sweet nightmare in which I gave it a shot."
Haru: "That sounds impressive."
Benio: "Don't do it, Mayu-Mayu. You'll die!"
Mayuki: "No, there are times when you must risk your life for something......that is what I believe."
Benio: "Mayu-Mayu."
She takes her hands. Sympathy between two girls with strong beliefs.
Kagome: "Akihito."
At first glance, she's being terse as usual, but that extra hint of sharpness means she's telling me to be wary.
Akihito: "I'll keep my eyes peeled. Anything could happen here."
Kagome: "This is a surprise. Akihito's starting to learn how to use his tiny brain."
She mocks me extra hard.
The city is colored in the same light and shadow tonight as always. Purity and confusion. Law and disorder. White and black. Day and night.
Nothing's the slightest bit different from before, but under the water's invisible surface, the web of connectors quietly eats away at the deepest parts of the city.
An abandoned factory on the edge of Takakura Harbor. The one-night festival of magical creatures takes place surprisingly close to the din of the city.
Babylon's coμ is on high alert. We split up into teams in order to make it harder for anyone to figure out who we all are, or take us all out at once.
Team A is me, Kagome, and Benio.Team B is Izawa, Mayuki, and the maid.
Akihito: "You're in charge of that team."
Izawa: "......so you want me to babysit these brats?"
Izawa did come in the end. He's sensitive to the situation. Lonely beasts die in the gutter when they lose track of the big picture.
This is supposed to be an event hidden from the public eye, but we can see some of the attendees before we even get close.
Men and women. All of them young.
Rondo called it a party. The atmosphere of the event is mysteriously uplifting. It's almost taking a hold of me.
A guy at the entrance tears our tickets. I walk by him into the windowless abandoned hall, just like the opening to a crime drama.
The ground vibrates as if giants are playing drums. This place must have good sound-proofing, because I didn't feel this before walking in.
We've arrived shortly after the event got started.
We walk through a hallway with temporary lighting and come out onto a catwalk. 
A wave of heat pushes against me like a hurricane. Everyone on the floor below is standing, surrounding the central stage with a whirlpool of stamping and shouting.
The stage is old and basic, like a wrestling arena.
A simple three-meter tall circular steel frame.
There's a metal fence stretched across that stage, making it feel like the base of some construction project.
This catwalk is effectively the second-floor seating.
There's more than a hundred people crammed into this hall. Too big to call a gig. The guests are going so wild it feels like there's more than that.
Waves of voices pressing against me. Several chants. Cheers. Screams. Stamping. Excitement. The whole hall is an active blast furnace.
Guest: "KAZUYA!"
Guest: "Reconquistaaa!"
Guest: "Sabasuu!"
Names. Names. Names. Several names fly up, like a series of waves out of phase. They pump their fists and applaud the names of their heroes.
Considering the size of the gray, ruined building, more people could definitely fit, but their passion is already more than enough.
Benio: "Wooow, it's like a concert hall......"
Benio's mouth hangs open.
Kagome: "The riffraff are being swept up in the heat of the festivities."
Akihito: "......are these guys all connectors?"
Rondo: 
（It's a gig, but not for a band. Like I said, it's a party for people like us.）
If what Rondo said was true, they all are.
Akihito: "Seriously? How many are there......?"
Kagome: "Just the avatars these people have would be enough for a small army. Of course, this can't be all the connectors in the city."
The witch's ridiculing smile makes my spine freeze. Below me is a giant bomb with its fuse lit.
Benio: "Look! Look! Something's happening!"
Benio points to a corner of the first floor.
A large LCD screen on the wall turns on.
The heavy doom metal in the background switches to solumn classical music, instantly changing the venue.
The madness remains, but all the guests hold their breath as they look up.
Akihito: "But this is――"
Rondo: "I told you it was a party."
Brilliant colors on par with the madness bloom upon the catwalk.
Rondo Rondo. Iroha waves her hands behind her.
Iroha: "Hellooo, nice to see you."
Benio: "Ah, Rondo and Kimizuka-san......"
Kagome: "The ticket sellers?"
Rondo: "Good evening. Just the three of you tonight?"
Akihito: "The others might be around here somewhere."
Rondo: "I see, so you don't trust us that much. It's good to be paranoid."
Akihito: "I'm a coward at heart. So you have these events every week, or what?"
Rondo: "Of course not. Tonight's performance is special."
Rondo: "The guests aren't normal either. This is a party, not just a gig, remember?"
Rondo: "I didn't see you earlier so I was worried you weren't coming, but I'm glad to see you're in time for the main event."
Akihito: "......can't miss that."
Kagome: "This is a lot of effort for a party that no one's supposed to know about."
Rondo: "He likes putting on a show."
Akihito: "............?"
I feel like something sharp and dangerous appeared on her face, despite her voice being as clear as a bell.
Rondo: "So how is it? Learning anything about Coμnet?"
Rondo smiles invincibly. The shadow I saw a moment ago has vanished without a trace.
Akihito: "A lot. We're still beginners, after all."
Just how many coμs and avatars are lurking in the everyday life of our city?
One division of the Self-Defense Force has about 140 to 150 tanks. There's probably enough connectors in here to destroy all of that.
Akihito: "One question, Rondo Rondo."
Rondo: "I'm your guide for tonight. I'll tell you anything I can."
Akihito: "......does the Round Table ever complain about this kind of event?"
Kagome: "Hmph, that's true, this is the sort of thing that'd annoy them."
At the moment they're just partying.
They may not have any good reason to stop this, even if they see it as an inflated ballooon with a needle sitting beside it.
Iroha: "We do them some favors and they let it slide."
Benio: "Like what?"
Rondo: "The Round Table isn't a monolith. It's just a group of first-generation coμs. It's just as hard to control member coμs as it is everyone else."
Akihito: "So even those knights can't beat the magic of the golden rule."
Rondo: "Not just that. One of the Round Table Masters is coming tonight. They don't officially condone this, buuut......"
A deafeaning roar and bellowing heat swell up from the hall below.
Rondo: "He's here."
Rondo's voice is like a hot knife. The tip is burning, and it stabs all who listen.
Benio: "There――"
Benio points at the opposite catwalk.
The factory's control room is attached to it. There's a guest of honor in a robe and some strong-looking men.
He comes out and on to the catwalk. The bizarre group shows themselves.
The crowd's excitement reaches its peak. At the center of the group is a white silhouette surrounded by his bodyguards.
Caesar!Caesar!Caesar!
The voices form a single chant for their hero.
Akihito: "――――Caesar?"
Rondo: "Yes......that's Caesar. A living legend of the Coμnet. No one knows his name or face. The king of Caesar's Legion."
Rondo's green eyes target the white man.
Izawa: "Hey, Mizuwa."
Izawa's group comes over to us amidst the madness.
Akihito: "The hell are you doing? We're trying not to be seen together."
Izawa: "None of them are looking over here anyway."
Akihito: "But still......at least leave Mayuki and O-Haru-san back there."
Haru: "He did try to stop us."
Mayuki: "But the black dragon is too selfish."
For now, I guess I'll pretend we're unrelated guests that hooked up by accident. I look over the fence at Caesar.
Izawa: "So what is this a festival for?"
He glances at Rondo.
Akihito: "According to our guide there's something special tonight."
Izawa: "Special......you mean that guy?"
Akihito: "Looks like it."
The white figure of Caesar walks back and forth along the catwalk.
Izawa: "So that's the famous king, the leader of Caesar's Legion."
Kagome: "The titmouse is good at sensing enemies."
Izawa: "......do you want to die, snake?"
Benio: "But isn't Caesar an important member of the Round Table?"
Izawa: "You're right, Ironing Board. Did the Round Table plan this event?"
Benio: "......you didn't need to say that."
Akihito: "I don't think they did......but it's complicated."
Haru: "So it's complicated politics."
Mayuki: "I am in despair over all the lies in the world of adults."
Mayuki: "When I get home I'll lock myself in my room and live for three years off of mail ordering food and trolling image boards. Not really."
Akihito: "Somehow that sounds like what you'd actually like to do."
Mayuki: "......that's not it."
Caesar!Caesar!Caesar!
He appears on a terrace and waves to the masses. He has the appearance of an emperor. A connector that people call a living legend. They say it's rare for him to appear in public.
The energy of the guests explodes. Hundreds of pumping fists and stamping feet, drowning out the classical music and shaking the building with a hot wind.
Caesar!Caesar!Caesar!
That man is completely white.
A white king followed by pure white knights. His antiquated robe blows up from the wind. He walks slowly, without any haste.
The man wears a mask. It depicts a monster baring its fangs, making me imagine a South American festival. That brightly-colored ornament is strangely expressionless.
The masked man raises one hand as an answer to the roars filling the hall.
Caesar!Caesar!Caesar!
Caesar!Caesar!Caesar!
Kagome: "That is an unusual creature. As the main attraction of the party, he passes."
Izawa: "――――"
Izawa leans over the fence. He's shaking with joy, not anger.
A dangerous gling appears in his eyes, like a beast that found its prey.
Akihito: "......don't pick a fight with him."
Izawa: "He's a king. Without a doubt, the most powerful in the Coμnet."
Whoever kills the king of the forest becomes the next king of the forest――
I remember that from an old European legend.
Rondo: "That's exactly right. Caesar is the most powerful man in the Coμnet right now."
Rondo was silent for a while before saying that.
Iroha: "Yeah, yeah."
Rondo: "The newest and strongest knight of the Round Table."
Rondo: "A masked man. A white knight. The leader of the Legion―――Caesar."
The heat of this other world hits me. I feel like I've wandered into the labyrinth.
Rondo: "The invincible emperor who wields the silver El-ahrairah. No one's ever seen his face, even though he leads Caesar's Legion."
Iroha: "Isn't he getting popular too?"
Izawa: "Keh!"
He expresses contempt without looking away.
Benio: "But he's kinda cool......"
Mayuki: "............"
The four-eyed frog is quiet for once. She has a strange expression.
Akihito: "Why the face?"
Mayuki: "I am very very shocked."
Haru: "Oh, that's unusual. What's wrong, Mayu-Mayu?"
Akihito: "I don't think frogs can handle hot, dry air like this."
Mayuki: "You can't crack jokes with younger girls without sarcasm, can you? That's just unpleasant."
Akihito: "Don't emphasize your age only when it suits you."
Mayuki: "Putting that aside for now......"
I move my shoulders around and heave a heavy sigh.
Mayuki: "Maybe I shouldn't be saying this since I'm a school battle protagonist at this point――"
Haru: "O-Haru-san's a student too, so it's not just you."
Akihito: "Enough talking about age......"
Everyone's being harsh to me lately.
Mayuki: "I didn't think it would feel this weird to see an anime character in real life......"
Kagome: "A mask and a cape, I see. Maybe I should go over there with a marker and write "anime character" on his forehead."
Akihito: ".................."
That'll turn this whole place into a bloodbath, so please don't.
Akihito: "To me it feels more like a bad festival outfit than an anime character."
Mayuki: "Caesar's Legion has definitely been gaining power in the Coμnet lately. I'm seeing more rumors about them online too."
Rondo: "That's right. What the little girl said is true."
Rondo: "Ever since Jack the Ripper, there've been a lot of people hoping for Caesar's rise."
Heresy always destroys the world.
People are terrified of the unknown monsters lurking beyond the edge of the world.
Thus, people desire a kingdom with certainty. Since the Round Table is powerless against monsters, they want a more powerful leader.
Kagome: "The republic collapses, and an emperor appears――"
Kagome: "And now the masses are hoping this emperor will repeat that historical event."
Caesar conquered Gaul, building the foundation for his imperial rule. From his catwalk, the white king answers the jubilation, just like the hero who changed the world by conquering Rome.
Caesar: "――――My bretheren."
The emperor gives his speech through a voice changer. The microphone ensures everyone gathered here can hear him. 
Caesar: "You who have been chosen by Girl A to wield a great power. Behold the disorder that is before us. Monsters run rampant in the city, threatening the great kingdom of the Round Table."
Caesar: "The peace and order of your city has been shattered!"
Caesar: "But why!? Who brought about this evil!? For what sin must your safety and security be taken away!?"
The Round Table!
Someone in the crowd shouts a name. That shout infects the others in the blink of an eye. The voice spreads out like a wave. Voices. Voices. Voices.
The Round Table!The Round Table!The Round Table!
The Round Table is powerless!
Kagome: "So this is the start of a rebellion."
Akihito: "What the hell!? He's supposed to be one of the Round Table's bigshots......can he really do this out in the open?"
Kagome: "Akihito, the world isn't changed by reason or morals or emotions, but by violence."
The witch gives a simple answer. When you cut the world open and look at its veins, you'll plainly see the energy of violence running through it.
She says that is the fundamental thing that makes the world go 'round, despite what most fairy tales say.
Izawa: "They can't do anything about a rally this blatant? The Round Table is just weak."
Haru: "Hmmm, that king really is a bigshot."
Rondo: "When things heat up between the Round Table and Caesar, there's going to be a war."
The white king's words continue. If we're going to stop him, we'll need even more power than he has.
Benio: "That can't happen! They can't let that happen!"
Rondo: "That's why they aren't doing anything about this."
Benio: "Oh......"
Benio has nothing else to say to Rondo.
Caesar has power. The white king with his supposedly invicible avatar "El-ahrairah" and his army, "Caesar's Legion."
People who fear power can't stop those who use it properly. The Coμnet wants Caesar more than anything, now that they know the Round Table is powerless.
Caesar: "Precisely! The Round Table's weakness is threatening your kingdom. What you need right now is a decisive and powerful leader."
Caesar: "Bring back law and order to this kingdom, so all connectors can live in peace! That is our duty! Our mission!"
Crowd: "Take the throne!"
Crowd: "Build a new kingdom! A new world for us!"
Caesar!Caesar!Caesar!
Caesar!Caesar!Caesar!
Caesar!Caesar!Caesar!
Voices roaring, voices reverberating, voices rumbling. Heat races through the rubble palace where the king reigns.
====================H0160_覇王への謁見.json====================
The waves of heat are so intense that it's hard to breathe, but the heat continues to create more heat. No one can stay calm when the sparks of such madness are flying around them.
I'm burning. The white world makes me dizzy.
Kagome: "Where are you going, Akihito?"
Akihito: "I'm gonna cool my head off. Call me when you guys are leaving."
Kagome's sharp eyes help the heat in my brain cool down a little.
Kagome: "You'll get lost if you leave the group."
Akihito: "............are you my mother?"
Benio: "............"
Akihito: "See you later."
I raise one hand a little then head out.
An abandoned factory on the edge of the harbor. A sticky, gloomy odor with oil and sea salt mixed in.
During the day, this area is closed off by a fence with "No Trespassing" signs. I see a few other guests hanging out here like me.
The facility's soundproofing really is good. The roar from the inside is faint and distant like thunder on the horizon.
I sit down on a nearby forklift and cool my head.
Akihito: "That was bad."
I feel like I want to smoke.
A typical movie scene. A grim man fills his lungs with smoke, slowly exhales, amd smiles.
The one time I did smoke, it didn't taste bad or good.
I squint at the faraway city. A city I saw a long time ago, but it's different now.
The Coμnet. The vague kingdom shudders from a vague threat.
How many connectors are there in total? Twice the number I saw here tonight? Three times?
An unknown number of monsters are lurking in Takakura City, waiting for an excuse to do something.
And once again, Girl A is singing somewhere in this city, preparing to awaken new connectors.
Akihito: "This is just laughable."
Man in a T-shirt: "Hey, you over there. Do you have a ticket? They're pretty cheap now."
Akihito: "I'm fine. Go away."
The man's shirt has the bright colors of the Italian flag. I verbally and physically brush him off.
Man in a T-shirt: "What was that for?"
The middle of his T-shirt has a logo reading "Caesar."
There were a lot of people inside with signs and posters cheering Caesar on.
Akihito: "Humans can be so strong."
The usual nighttime cityscape―――A kingdom of monsters living in secret, passing by each other, sometimes colliding. I feel helpless, as if I've wandered into a fairy tale.
???: "Mizuwa Akihito."
A voice calls to me.
The girl glares at me. She stands with the night on her shoulders, a beret on her head and eyes challenging me.
The connectors in that hall have all sorts of outfits and faces, but they're all young. This girl is the youngest I've seen yet.
Akihito: "......Shinomiya Yoruko?"
Shinomiya Yoruko. A tiny sword dancer who calls herself the king's knight.
Yoruko: "......my name."
She looks like a housewife who just found a cockroach.
Akihito: "Hm? Yes, I remembered your name."
Yoruko: "A thing like you remembering me makes my skin crawl."
She came to pick a fight again.
Akihito: "If you don't choose your words more carefully I'll make you crawl."
Yoruko: "I'd like to see you try. 
Pitoo!"
She spits on the ground.
Akihito: "I see, okay."
Akihito: "No choice then. I'll call Gasai and tell him about how the pure and righteous Yoruko-chan was seen making out with a maid downtown."
Yoruko: "Kyaaaaa!!!!!!"
She screams and leaps for my phone. I have fun keeping it away from her as she swipes.
Yoruko: "――――――!!!"
Akihito: "......your weaknesses are way too obvious. You need some more life experience or people will take you for a sucker."
Yoruko: "......I won't......forgive you......"
She glares at me with tears in her eyes. She takes everything so seriously that I can't resist toying with her. I think I understand how people turn into bullies now.
Akihito: "So what are you doing here?"
Akihito: "......that's right, if Caesar's here, of course you would be."
Yoruko: "What about you?"
Akihito: "I'm here to learn more about the Coμnet, since I'm a beginner and all."
Yoruko: "What does that mean?"
Akihito: "Did you really just come here to chat?"
Yoruko: "..............................Itsuki wants to talk to you."
Yoruko spits out the words, as if to say "This is the last thing I want to be doing. I'd rather eat all the parsley around my order than tell you this."
Akihito: "......you hate it that much?"
Yoruko gestures with her jaw, telling me to follow.
Akihito: "......Itsuki, huh."
He could just call me, but he sent Yoruko in person. He really likes making a show.
Maybe wearing a mask like that would suit him. I can easily imagine Gasai nitpicking that Caesar's outfit with a stern face.
Akihito: "............!!"
That's going to keep me laughing all week.
Akihito: "It's kinda weird thinking about all the heroes and heroines in the world having to work so hard on their costumes......"
Yoruko: "What are you muttering about?"
Akihito: "Does he actually enjoy these shows so much he practices posing in front of the mirror?"
Yoruko: "Come with me."
Yoruko ignores me and walks off without waiting for an answer. I consider telling Kagome where I'm going, but they'll probably call me when they leave anyway.
Akihito: "......by the way, are you serious?"
Yoruko: "About what?"
Akihito: "......about giving your life for that guy."
Yoruko: "Yes. I'm a knight."
Yoruko answers without the slightest hesitation, as if it's an obvious fact.
Akihito: "That's just weird."
Yoruko: "＃"
She kicks me in the back of the leg.
Akihito: "What was that for, you rabid dog!?"
Yoruko: "Hmph."
Yoruko walks faster.
Akihito: "Hey, hey, that's too fast."
Yoruko: "You're too slow."
She increases her pace again.
Yoruko: "Hurry up, or I'll leave you behind."
Akihito: "You're really irritating."
Yoruko: "Faster!"
Akihito: "Why are you running!?"
After weaving through a complicated series of alleyways, we find Gasai waiting for us about ten minutes away from the party.
Gasai: "......what happened to you two?"
Yoruko: "Haa, haa, haa, haa."
Akihito: "What was...the point...of running...that fast......?"
At the end we were sprinting as fast as we could, so we're both gasping for breath. Yoruko's very fast. Small but nimble.
Gasai: "It's been a while, clown."
Gasai: "Yoruko, I'll take it from here."
Gasai looks as cold as a winter night.
Yoruko: "Yes, Itsuki."
Akihito: "......your life won't end well if you go out with a guy like this. You should really look at some alternatives."
Yoruko: "Shut up, go away."
I feel like she'll bite me, so I run away. I follow Gasai.
Once again, I stand on the road with a can of coffee in one hand.
We're far from the city's bustling heart. I can't even see any convenience stores around here. The wind is the only sound out here at night. The vending machine and street lights are painfully bright.
Akihito: "I see you're still working your little girl like a dog."
I glare at the king's iron mask with all the unpleasantness I can muster, but it hurts him less than a papercut.
Gasai: "Yoruko chose her path. Should you really be criticizing that?"
Akihito: "......I'm always nice to girls."
Shinomiya Yoruko is a stranger. Not a friend, nor a member of my coμ. We just bumped into each other one night.
Even relatives, friends, and lovers are just as thoroughly separated from me as any stranger.
I can hold someone's hand and think they're special, but in the end, we're all alone.
I know that, but―――
I remember the night I met Yoruko. Flying swords and an invisible giant.
Akihito: "Is that puppy part of your coμ?"
Gasai: "......"
He answers with silence. Neither a yes nor a no. An unsociable and haughty glance.
Gasai said Yoruko chose this path. For some reason, I believe him.
If Yoruko is part of Gasai's coμ, then the same rules binding every coμ might be her reason for fighting――
Akihito: "............"
No, that's not it.
Yoruko called herself a knight. She follows her king, serves him, and defeats his enemies. Shinomiya Yoruko took up the sword of her own free will.
Akihito: "......you could've just called me, so why bother sending her to get me? Who do you think you are?"
Gasai: "You're weak to women. When I send Yoruko, you're guaranteed to accept my invitation."
He talks as if he sees right through me, which irritates me. If he'd just called......okay, maybe I would've refused. Talking to this guy is a pain.
Akihito: "Anyway, weren't you in that party just now?"
If a connector's identity gets out, they risk being targeted, just like when Jack attacked Benio.
The Coμnet seems peaceful on the surface, but who knows how many of them are actually nice enough to keep such secrets.
When you're active in the Coμnet, whether you like it or not, someone will learn who you are. If you want certain security your only choice is to lock yourself up in your room. And even then, the other four in your coμ might get you killed.
And yet Caesar's identity remains a mystery――
Gasai Itsuki. A cold, arrogant, calculating, cautious king. He's been hiding his identity from the very moment he became active.
Gasai: "That is but a vessel. All I need is the legend of Caesar."
Akihito: "So it doesn't matter who's actually there as long as they look good."
The masked connector. You could call it cowardly, but Gasai's turning it into a divine legend of invincibility.
And the more mysterious his charisma, the more hearts he captures. Two birds with one stone.
Gasai: "That's what "Caesar" is for."
Gasai: "It's not a bad performance."
Akihito: "――!!?"
Wait, does he actually think that outfit looked cool!?
Akihito: "......anyway, so you really do have stand-ins."
Gasai: "Don't compare a lion's caution to a mouse's cowardice."
Akihito: "It's your own fault you have so many enemies. Even I know about you and I'm just a beginner. "Caesar's Legion." You've been doing some crazy stuff to expand your influence."
Gasai: "The issue here is you, clown, not me."
Gasai: "I didn't think you'd show yourself at tonight's party. Did you decide to join the Legion without a fight?"
Gasai: （I'd like to have you for myself.）
Akihito: "――――"
I'm not even sure what he's offering me. There's no way I can answer.
Akihito: "I don't like being stiff and formal about these things."
Akihito: "A girl invited me to this party, and I figured I might learn something about the Coμnet while I was here. Gotta see things for yourself sometimes."
Gasai: "You're still so effeminate, clown."
Akihito: "It's healthier than letting your face harden into a scowl, king."
Gasai looks toward the venue. The heat of the event doesn't reach us here.
Gasai: "So, have you seen a bit more of the world now?"
Akihito: "......is this gig some kind of rally against the Round Table?"
Gasai: "No, it's just a gathering of connectors."
Gasai: "I thought it might be useful so I teamed up with the organizers. That's all that happened tonight."
Shared interests. I don't know who organized this event, but they clearly weren't trying to get on the Round Table's good side.
In this vague world, you need a hand of fire for guidance. It draws connectors toward it like bugs drawn to a light in the darkness.
But Gasai's different. He's not so naive.
A firm objective, exceptional power, and a strong mind. Someone this influential creates storms that sweep up everyone around them.
Everything burns when fire touches it, but the insects willingly fly into the fire and burn within it.
Akihito: "......you should start recruiting some monster hunters soon, king."
The Coμnet has always dreamed of a monster called peace.
The Jack the Ripper incident proved that peace without a solid foundation is just a glass castle.
Underneath the thin layer of ice that we thought was peace, the enormous monster that is the Coμnet swirled around like magma.
Gasai: "The Coμnet is twisting. The number of connectors is growing, growing, and growing. No one can keep up with the world as it expands every day. In the end, only lawlessness will remain."
Akihito: "Welcome to a brave new world."
Frontiers always have total freedom. The age of exploration, westward expansion, the information age, all lawless wastes.
The law catches up slowly, because laws are what determine the edge of the world. They say what they contain, what lines you must not cross.
As long as the edges keep expanding, it's only natural that laws can't keep up. To protect yourself in the frontier, you need power and resolve of your own.
Gasai: "It's dangerous these days. We can't simply laugh it off."
Akihito: "We never could. Nothing's changed."
Gasai: "About the duelists that Nanase's group captured recently......"
Akihito: "......you have good intel."
Gasai: "I am a Round Table Master. They do tell me these things."
Akihito: "But you never attend the meetings."
Gasai: "I will have my own kingdom, not their glass table."
Akihito: "......did you plan on taking over from the moment you joined them?"
Gasai laughs off my moral objection.
Gasai: "They're the ones who fear power. They have none, so they fear those who have it, and try to recruit them to keep themselves strong."
Gasai: "I simply took advantage of that."
Gasai: "They've been pretending not to notice a very simple principle."
Gasai: "There is no way to put reins on something stronger than yourself."
Gasai took advantage of the fairy tale that reason, words, and kindness could contain the rampaging monster called "power."
Akihito: "So what did you have to say about the duelists?"
I get us back on topic.
Gasai: "That was caused by trouble between the Round Table and their opposition."
Akihito: "Is that what your guy at the party was talking about?"
Gasai: "The Round Table used to be the largest cabal. Almost every connector was a member."
Gasai: "As the number of connectors rises, they intermingle more easily, and the value of the Round Table falls."
The Round Table used to monopolize authority and information, but the Coμnet has outgrown them now.
Right now the connectors are on the frontier, and all the information is online. They can survive without bowing down to the Round Table.
Gasai: "A lot more connectors are declining to join them now, just like you."
Akihito: "Doesn't that just mean a lot of us dislike the overly formal and whiny old guard?"
Gasai: "It's a problem for them."
Akihito: "......it seems to me like we all have the right to choose not to join."
Living is synonymous with changing. Organizations and worlds are alive too. They change as long as they stay alive.
We can't keep seeing dreams on the far side of the rainbow with the innocent eyes of a child. We can't keep clinging to fairy tales about finding paradise there.
Gasai: "At the moment the "opposition" is just a bunch of completely different groups that happen to all disagree with the Round Table's policies."
Gasai: "―――But that will change."
A smile like a blade.
Akihito: "......are they picking any fights with the Round Table?"
Gasai: "There have been sparks for a while. As you say, most of the Round Table Masters are older coμs. The new ones find them stuck-up and annoying."
Akihito: "Generation gaps are a pain."
Gasai: "The old kingdom and the new are facing off. It's a common story."
People gather together to form organizations. Organizations have authority. Then things get political, for better or for worse.
Gasai: "After what Jack did, they're starting to collide head-on. Every day, every week, something happens."
Avatars make these conflicts all the more serious. Once something starts, carnage is unavoidable. Even pacifists will strike first when they fear for their lives.
These monsters can level entire buildings. Laws and rules mean nothing to them. The police can't help us.
The only thing that prevents them from using their limitless powers is a shred of reason, and a bond with the others in their coμs. It's like a game of chicken.
The number one rule when it comes to coμs is: Whoever attacks first wins. The traitor has the advantage.
Akihito: "So――――"
Akihito: "―――What does "Caesar" hope to accomplish by encouraging this kind of sentiment?"
Gasai: "Sooner or later, water will flow down. It's only natural for the weak to join forces against their common enemy, whether or not Caesar does anything."
Large-scale violence involving several coμs. Gasai Itsuki is trying to build an empire.
The Jack the Ripper incident proved the Round Table was powerless.
Everyone has to cling to something in order to live. When their leaders are shown to be powerless and indecisive, people wish for a stronger king.
Thus, the Coμnet leans toward Gasai.
Gasai: "Let's hear your answer."
He pins me down with eyes like freshly-frozen ice. I feel like he's looking deep inside me.
Gasai Itsuki. He makes people fear him, but he also attracts them.
――I'd like to have you for myself.
Akihito: "First off, just so you know, I don't swing that way."
A serious face. Gasai doesn't find it funny.
Akihito: "......why me? Did I do something to make you like me?"
Akihito: "......you're taking a big risk here. What if I tell everyone who Caesar is?"
Gasai: "You still want to keep it secret."
Akihito: "I might change my mind tomorrow."
Gasai: "Hmph."
His laugh seems to dig all the way through me. I don't like this guy.
Akihito: "You're acting like a villain."
Gasai: "Your black dragon is the evil one."
Akihito: "......people have been calling us heroes lately, so that's unexpected."
Gasai: "Do you know what evil is?"
Akihito: "Doesn't it depend on your morals?"
Gasai: "Evil is anything that can dismantle the kingdom."
Gasai: "Whoever disobeys the kingdom's laws. Whoever crosses its borders. Those people are "evil.""
Gasai: "Thus, "evil" affects a kingdom's survival."
Gasai: "You are the black heroes that passed judgment on Jack."
Gasai: "You did better than I expected, clown."
Gasai: "The Round Table has been afraid of you ever since what happened on the hill."
Akihito: "Afraid of some beginners they don't even know the names of?"
Gasai: "Kaburaya was a well-known BK. No one should have been able to beat him the same night they became a coμ."
Gasai: "But you defeated him and destroyed a large chunk of that building. They were terrified of whatever avatar did that."
Akihito: "What's wrong with letting one or two dragons live quietly in the corner? The king should be showing off his generosity."
Gasai: "That's the nature of laws. Same as these."
Gasai flicks a silver coin up in the air.
A firm sound so clear it's like an illusion. He catches it in the same hand. A five hundred yen piece.
Akihito: "......that has value only because everyone believes in it."
Gasai: "They're both handy tools, just like dreams and hope."
Gasai: "They get created because it's convenient for someone. No one will obey a law if they don't gain anything from it. It disappears once they stop trusting it."
Gasai: "The law ends when the kingdom's dream ends and the people awaken."
The kingdom's borders. They don't exist on any map, only in our minds and hearts.
Gasai: "The kingdom itself is no more than a fairy tale. A glass castle that only exists as long as everyone is sharing the same dream."
Gasai: "Evil trespasses in the kingdom's territory, and those who obey it destroy the kingdom."
Gasai: "Thus judgment is about both destroying that evil and chiding the masses for assisting it."
Just like Jack the Ripper.
Gasai: "That's why "evil" heroes are such a big problem."
Akihito: "......I thought the Round Table didn't trust us because of all the little things we do that annoy them on a regular basis."
Gasai: "Your coμ had a hand in the incident that ignited this movement. Don't pretend you're not involved."
Akihito: "That's why?"
Gasai: "That is exactly why."
We look directly at each other.
Gasai: "One kingdom isn't big enough for two heroes."
Gasai: "So I need to make you mine."
Akihito: "......by having me join your Legion?"
Gasai: "If the Legion suits you that could work, but you don't have that kind of blind loyalty."
Gasai: "Mizuwa Akihito."
Gasai takes a step toward me.
Gasai: "You once saved Yoruko, and you fought Jack the Ripper despite knowing the risks."
One more step. Gasai's tall figure approaches me with the speed of a sigh.
Gasai: "You still haven't joined the Round Table, but you are helping with Nanase's pastime."
Gasai: "Truly a clown. You're clever enough to sense danger, and yet you walk into the death zone of your own volition."
He comes close enough our noses almost touch. We don't look away once.
I imagine a steel wind. A wave of heat, a will so strong that it might break me if I step back now. My throat feels like it's burning.
Gasai: "And you pull the trigger."
Gasai: "You're different from the others. You don't kill as an unintended consequence. When you shoot, you know it's going to kill."
Akihito: "......that was self-defense."
Gasai: "Call it whatever you like."
Gasai: "They say monsters lurk within us――"
Akihito: "......you mean avatars?"
Gasai: "That's an interesting view. For all we know, those things might be drawn out of the depths of our hearts."
Gasai: "But everyone has a "monster" inside of them. What is yours like, I wonder?"
Akihito: "............"
Gasai: "That avatar called "Babylon.""
Gasai: "It defeated Kaburaya's avatar just after appearing for the first time, subdued Nanase's Fuchur, and destroyed Jack the Ripper."
Gasai: "Mizuwa, the world is all about "power.""
Gasai: "Reason, love, faith, justice......once you strip away those fantasies, the one clear truth that remains is power."
Gasai: "You need power to protect, to take away, to win, to live."
Gasai: "Your power is far too great to ignore."
Akihito: "Are you some kind of evil overlord now? That line's so old it's growing mold now."
Suddenly, the pressure weakens.
Akihito: "......I'm not doing anything."
Gasai: "Are you sure? Can you really say that you won't do anything no matter what may happen next?"
Akihito: "......"
Gasai: "The kingdom can't have two heads. That will break the world."
Gasai: "Sometimes, you're willing to pluck coals out of the fire. Can a man like you really stay quiet?"
Gasai: "A tremendous power is like a stone in water. Even if it's not doing anything, its very existence gets in the way."
The mere existence of another power erodes the kingdom, whether it wants to or not.
Babylon the dragon is the same black as this kingdom.
Akihito: "......our coμ has an "ally of justice" in it, but she won't try to fight someone unless they're a true "villain.""
Gasai: "Good and evil are mere differences in perspective."
This is a gentle kingdom, altruistically allowing everything. Thus, all things are equally meaningless.
Life, death, good, evil, love, hate―――
Many of the things people cling to out of fear are no more than delusions made entirely within themselves. Stories spun to suit the situation.
Which is why――
Gasai Itsuki laughs arrogantly, saying such things are not worth believing.
Gasai: "Let's hear your answer."
Gasai: "The "dragon" can protect my kingdom. That's a common story too."
Akihito: "Dragons are monsters from outside the kingdom. Don't start putting them on your coat of arms."
Gasai: "If you wish to decline, then that is that. I will simply have to do something else."
Akihito: "Such as......?"
Gasai: "Whoever defeats the dragon becomes a hero. That's yet another familiar fairy tale."
That one is as well-known as they come.
Akihito: "You're not very generous, king."
Gasai: "You should be cursing your strength rather than my lack of generosity."
Akihito: "――――Can I ask you something?"
Gasai: "Go ahead, though I can't guarantee that I'll answer."
Akihito: "What do you plan on doing with your Legion?"
I ask that question like part of a ceremony.
This man speaks of power as the one great truth. A masked idol calling himself Caesar. This really is a ritual.
―――I already know the answer to this question.
Gasai: "I'll obtain my kingdom. I told you that already."
Akihito: "But where?"
Gasai: "There are kingdoms everywhere. Destroy a world, take a world away, face the world with power. Power is all I believe in."
Akihito: "Can you really destroy the whole world with just avatars? If we tried, I doubt we'd accomplish much more than the guys who decide to break every window in school on graduation day."
Gasai: "Avatars are pawns. I will destroy the world with far more useful weapons――My brain and my luck."
Gasai: "I will have my kingdom."
His face tells me that not one word of this is a joke. He gives me the exact same answer as the night when we first met.
Gasai: "The lawless kingdom, the old world will be overturned and a new kingdom will be built."
Gasai: "I will give it law and order. To do that, I need power."
―――Destroy the world and claim the throne.
Those words have long ago lost any realism, but when Gasai says them they burn into me with a definite weight.
No, even that is just a sweet delusion.
Even if that becomes true in the future, at this moment it's merely a toy. Not a single aspect has been realized.
However......
I find myself wanting to believe.
The heat has shaken me. For a moment, I saw a blindingly bright earthen castle reaching to the sky.
If kings give their subjects dreams, then Gasai is more than worthy of wearing a golden crown.
Which is why......
Akihito: "I refuse."
I couldn't tell you why. I just don't want my fate to be in someone else's hands, even if that fate may be kind, just, and beautiful.
I refuse to offer up a single piece of myself, of my kingdom to anyone or anything else.
Akihito: "There's an idiot in our coμ......and the things he hates most are kings and allies of justice."
Gasai: "I see. That's a shame."
Izawa, once in a while, you're quite handy.
Akihito: "Also......I don't like guys who are cold to women."
Gasai: "A clown to the bitter end."
Akihito: "......so?"
My spine tenses up. The next moment is up to him. Gasai is cold, but I can't tell if he's cruel.
Gasai: "What do you mean?"
Akihito: "You know, doesn't the mid-game boss always say "If you won't join me, I'll just have to kill you?""
Gasai: "You've been poisoned by vulgar pastimes. My designs are not so narrow. I won't kill you until the need arises."
Akihito: "I guess that makes sense."
Gasai: "――――But once in a while, vulgarity can be appropriate."
Akihito: "No, it's definitely not!!"
Gasai starts walking away, ignoring my scream. After a certain distance, he turns around.
Gasai: "This is a perfect chance. I've wanted to see for myself what exactly this black dragon "Babylon" is capable of."
Akihito: "Didn't anyone ever tell you that curiosity killed the cat?"
Gasai: "This is a game, Mizuwa Akihito――If you have luck and power, let's see you survive this."
Gasai: "―――If not, die."
Akihito: "Listen to me!"
Gasai: 　　　"――――Conquer all, El-ahrairah!"　　　
Gasai gives the order without mercy.
Bluish-white light swirls in front of him. Gate light.
A bright, spinning beam of light that appears when an avatar teleports into space. Something even brighter appears from it.
First, an arm.
A silver arm the length of a human body.It sticks up from the blue sea to the heavens.
After that――Another steel arm, a steel head, a steel torso.
It floats in the air.
Its glowing form is beautiful, with subtle yet complete detailing.It's clearly distinct from any avatar I've seen before.
That is Caesar's avatar. The supposedly invincible silver blade, El-ahrairah.
The white armor floats in the moonlight.It reminds me of an armored knight on horseback. Swords of polished, shining silver beautifully compliment the knight's body.It holds one like a weapon, with nine more sticking out from its back.
El-ahrairah has no legs. The bottom of it is assembled from parts resembling both a horse and an old tank. This is the dignified form of a legendary champion riding his favorite steed.
Akihito: "――――"
Akihito: "I see......"
Akihito: "So this is your avatar......!"
Gasai: "Since this is a game, I'll give you a time limit."
Gasai Itsuki proclaims with such arrogance he might as well have been looking down on a roadside pebble.
Gasai: "One minute. You can run, or you can fight. If you survive that long, you win."
He's――
Gasai is serious.
When he says he'll do something, he will do it.
A time limit of one minute.If I can't fight my way out of this execution, I'll be killed.
――I have to call Babylon.
Fear and hesitation grip my heart like a cold hand.
If my avatar is destroyed, my coμ will die.All five of us will die at once, no exceptions.
I'm not putting my own life at stake here. I'm risking the futures of complete strangers I have invisible connections to.
――Can I win?
――Or......
Gasai: "Now summon your avatar, unless you want to get crushed."
The champion of the Coμnet won't give me time to hesitate.
The presence of El-ahrairah towering before me creates an almost physical pressure battering my body.
Within that silver armor seethes a power that's extraordinary even for avatars.
But―――It doesn't matter if I can win.
I have to win.
I have no choice. Defeat, resignation, despair.
But so what?
As long as I keep rejecting those things―――
Akihito: 　　　　　　"――――Come, Babylon!!"　　　　　　
Swirling gate light answers me.The black dragon rises up out of that blue light.
Akihito: "Since I know even crying isn't going to stop you―――"
Izawa: "――!?"
Kagome: "What is it?"
Mayuki: "Wasn't that......?"
Haru: "Yes, it was. Babylon just activated."
Two gods roar. Two bright colors.The pitch black dragon clashes with the silver war god.
The silver king races through the sky like a wind demon.Those silver wheels run along space, not ground.
El-ahrairah crosses the distance between us faster than I can blink.
Akihito: "―――Guoo!"
The roars of powerful swords. Five blades move toward my dragon within a single breath. If I overlook a single one I'll suffer a fatal blow.
We're both controlling our avatars alone, so how well we predict each other will be critical.
Avatars are supposed to be controlled by five people. The more you're missing, the heavier and slower it gets.
Plus Babylon is a Georgios, giving it a C for Control. There's no way I could hope to bring out Babylon's full potential by myself.
Since my power is limited, what should I spend it on, and what I should I skip?
Attacking and defending are the same thing. Predict the opponent's move, and plan ahead for it.
It all happens in an instant, if that. Famous shogi players think about what the board will look like ten or twenty moves in the future before moving their pieces. 
Gasai laughs. El-ahrairah's blades close in.
A moment's hesitation will mean death.The pitch-black Babylon dodges two. Two more graze it.The last one it can't escape, so it catches it with its right hand.
Darkness expands from Babylon's hand.
The gravity shield appears slower than usual. This is the difference between me and Mayuki. Even if I focus on defense, a Bishop can't match a Priest.
El-ahrairah's swords swing toward me again.
Akihito: "――――!"
I predict his swings correctly and deploy the shield in time, but even that doesn't completely eliminate the impact. Babylon is blown away, crashing into trees on the other side of the road.
Gasai: "It's moving pretty well. The rest of your coμ must be nearby."
Five people are connected to Babylon.
We're not that far from the party.Benio, Izawa, Haru, Mayuki, they're all within range.
That's a connection none of us can reject.
When someone summons the avatar, the coμ's members are loaded in whether they want to be or not.
None of us get to live or die alone.
My own foolish actions will cause the death of five people including myself.
Akihito: "――――"
I can't lose this, but I don't see a way to win.
The silver war god's body shines.Like me, Gasai's controlling his avatar alone, and yet......
Akihito: "―――You're really good by yourself."
El-ahrairah's power. They must be here. At least three others must be nearby. Gasai's coμ must be within range.
Gasai: "Your movements are quite precise as well."
Akihito: "A Bishop is a jack of all trades."
At times like this that's not a bad thing.
Akihito: "Are you a Bishop too?"
Gasai: "I'm a Lord. Don't compare me to a clown like you."
Lord. Like a Bishop, but better. An extremely rare class.
Akihito: "Damn you......"
That's just irritating.
Are you trying to say you have some natural talent I can never compensate for?
Akihito: "......and you're the bastard starting wars for no reason."
Gasai: "This is nothing like war. It's just a duel."
Gasai: "I made sure we're on even footing here. You and I are the only ones here."
Gasai: "I don't usually fight with all five. Be grateful."
Akihito: "Enough bragging, you coward."
Gasai: "That's how wars work. You win before you fight, because you made sure you would."
Gasai: "My weapon is not a sword or an avatar―――But myself."
My cell phone screams at me from my pocket. It's probably been ringing for a while. It's not going to stop. Probably Kagome.
They're looking for me. If I don't take the call, she'll probably kill me even if I survive this.
I know that, but there's no time. If I look away, it'll come, and I'll die that instant.
Gasai: "You deserve praise, clown."
Gasai: "Not many can endure El-ahrairah's first attack."
Gasai: "Now keep dancing for the rest of your minute. Prove your worth by surviving this encounter."
Once again, El-ahrairah charges. Silver afterglows cut through the darkness, leaving long tails like shooting stars.
―――What do I do?
I can't block this the same way as before.
The members of a coμ are like chess pieces.Irreplaceable parts that an avatar needs to function.
Were we chosen because we were needed to complete this avatar?Or was it created based on who we were?
I don't know.
But either way―――
An army in chess has five types of pieces, all working to protect the king.
Each person in the coμ is in charge of a specific part of the avatar.
Akihito: "――――"
El-ahrairah's acceleration resembles an explosion.The silver champion closes in.
―――So fast.
It's not as godlike as Jack the Ripper, but I can't believe he's controlling it alone.
A Lord is an elite connector who excels at every aspect of avatar control.
Unlike a Bishop, who helps out all the other members, a Lord controls everything himself and the others help him.
There's no changing the fact that Gasai is better suited to control an avatar alone.
I didn't survive this long through dumb luck alone, but―――
Is he more talented? Better suited to this? In the end, no matter how much I struggle, Mizuwa Akihito will never be able to match Gasai Itsuki.
―――I'm used to situations like this.
I know far too many geniuses I could never hope to defeat.
The sword in El-ahrairah's right hand groans.It moves faster than Babylon's gravity field can converge.I won't be able to block El-ahrairah's second attack like this.
And if I can't block it―――
Akihito: "Babylon!"
Babylon leaps out of El-ahrairah's path. The tip of the sword digs through its nose as the dragon spins around and rushes into the forest.
It twists its black shining body, weaving between the trees.
Gasai: "Not a bad move."
El-ahrairah is large but fast-moving.Like a knight from the Middle Ages, it's best in the open.
Even footing―――
I'm missing the rest of my coμ, but so is Gasai.
No matter how skilled Gasai is at controlling avatars, and no matter how amazing a class "Lord" is, there's a limit to what he can do alone.
If I draw him into the forest, where he won't be able to see as well or move as freely, there should be an opening for me.
El-ahrairah doesn't follow blindly, but he does move through the forest with dignity under the moonlight.
Gasai said one minute. That's how long until this game ends. How long until people might start noticing.
Akihito: "Can I keep doing this until time runs out?"
Gasai: "If you can get away from me."
I don't plan on getting away.
El-ahrairah. An undefeated silver god said to be invincible. I have no idea what it might have up its sleeve.
But I can't afford to lose.
I can't let others get screwed over by what's happening to me.
So......
―――Loading.
There is one thing I can do. My first and strongest attack.
Babylon's fire.
I sent it into the forest not to avoid attacks, but to buy time. And not the rest of the minute.
From here I can use Babylon's fire without worrying about collateral damage.
It's physically impossible to block that black gravity bullet. No matter how strong its armor is, the black fire will destroy it at the atomic level.
Also, no matter what special move Gasai has in store, Babylon's flame will eat through it. In the fight with Kaburaya it absorbed the giant's fireball.
The ultimate attack that can't be stopped or blocked in any way.
And yet, a cold shudder runs down my back instead of confidence.
What is making Gasai so confident?
Either way, this is the only card I have left to play.
If Babylon's fire doesn't work, I'll have nothing left.
Akihito: "―――Roar, Babylon!"
Grating. Grating. Grating. Ten points cut through the world.The atmosphere grates. Darkness groans in the dragon's mouth.
The atmosphere and the forest cry out from Babylon's gravity field.Its pitch-black pieces of armor rub against each other, like steel singing with a heavy voice. Its bright burning eyes glare at the silent silver king.
Akihito: "――――――"
A moment's hesitation. If I shoot through El-ahrairah, the five people connected to it―――
Gasai: "――――El-ahrairah!!"
El-ahrairah begins roaring, answering the king's order.
Nine swords shatter the world. Bluish-white light runs wild all around the white war god.
The atmosphere is white hot. El-ahrairah's swords are electrified, producing beams of light.
Gasai: "Burn all creation, El-ahrairah――!"
Gasai: "――――Judgment of Frith!!"
Light. The flash created by those huge swords forms a torrent melting all of my vision into whiteness.
The white light is indeed pulverizing all material objects in its path.
―――It cuts through the black dragon.
―――Somewhere, I hear an alarm.
Gasai: "You survived? Then you win, Mizuwa."
Gasai's voice brings me back to my senses. It's night. This is a battlefield.
The night returns to my white vision.The silver war god sinks into a gate light at our feet.
The alarm was from his phone, after the one minute ended.
I see devastation.
A swath cut through the forest. El-ahrairah's "swords of light" carved a trench through the earth, uprooting all the trees in its path.
The smell of dirt and trees smoldering stabs my nostrils.
Akihito: "......"
I'm just stunned.
So this is the invincible silver avatar called El-ahrairah.
Destruction and control incarnate.As advertised, it's a level beyond the rest of us. 
Babylon took heavy damage from that.
Its armor creaks and groans like a broken clock as it writhes.The right half of its body was burned by the "swords of light," and its right arm is almost gone.
If Babylon's fire hadn't shielded it, it may have been completely deactivated.
No, it would've been worse than that.
Akihito: "............you need to aim better, king."
Gasai laughs at my bluff.
Since he's controlling the avatar alone, even Gasai can't aim that precisely. But he was still able to chase Babylon down.
Akihito: ".........do I get a prize for winning?"
Gasai: "Of course. You get to go home alive. What could be worth more?"
He looks down on me almost as harshly as Kagome.
Akihito: "............one day I'll assassinate you in the most cruel way imaginable, you tyrant."
Yoruko: "Itsuki!!!"
Yoruko runs over with an incredible look on her face.
She's running so fast she can't stop herself. She trips right in front of me, so I hold out a hand to grab her.
Yoruko: "Let go!"
Akihito: "Could you be any less cute?"
Yoruko: "Itsuki, was that......?"
Gasai: "It was a game. We just finished."
Yoruko: "......but............no, never mind."
She looks down, like a rain-soaked puppy with her tail between her legs.
Gasai: "We can't stay long. Let's go."
Akihito: "......and whose fault is that?"
I spit toward Gasai as he walks away.
Gasai stops.
Akihito: "Geeh!?"
Did he notice that?
Gasai: "Yoruko, did something happen?"
Gasai stops and talks to his puppy.
That's a relief. He didn't notice me spitting.
Yoruko: "Yes, w-......well, the truth is......"
Yoruko looks back over her shoulder, just as someone comes around the corner.
Benio: "Ha......hahi, hii, wai――......wait, you're too...fast......"
It's Benio.
====================H0170_紅緒のお出迎え.json====================
There's no one nearby, but that was a lot of noise.Someone might be coming.
After Gasai and Yoruko leave, I head off as well, almost running.
After a lot of sprinting, I finally get to sit down and breathe.
I grimace from a headache. My temple hurts.
Controlling an avatar is tough on connectors' minds. Their brains are being connected to an inhuman construct. Using it for a long time causes a lot of exhaustion.
I did a lot of crazy things with Babylon all by myself. That's probably one of the reasons I'm exhausted.
Benio: "Here."
She hands me a handkerchief.
Benio: "Your face is all black."
Akihito: "......oh, thanks."
I feel proud, but also weary.
So there really is a kind of pleasure that comes from using all the power you have in a life-or-death fight.
I wipe my face with her handkerchief. The white cloth with a cherry blossom pattern turns black.
Benio: "............"
Benio kicks a small rock. She's pouting.
I stop it with my foot and gently kick it back.
Akihito: "Why were you following me?"
Benio kicks it back again.
Benio: "Because I was worried."
Benio: "When you left, I got worried, so I followed you."
Benio: "Then I saw you walking off with this little girl......"
That must've looked incriminating.
Benio: "So I got even more worried and kept following."
Akihito: "......what were you worried about exactly?"
Benio: "......many things."
Hmmm.
Benio: "I lost track of you at one point, so as I was looking around, I felt you summoning Babylon......"
Benio: "So I started running around, and somehow I found that beret girl――"
And then she found me.
I block the stone again, and this time kick it off in the direction of the party. We both watch it fly, then get up and start walking back.
Akihito: "You didn't need to――"
My tone gets a bit rough, possibly because I didn't expect Benio to come.
Benio: "Didn't need to? ......at least let me worry about you!"
Akihito: "......those guys have nothing to do with you, Benio."
Benio: "How can you say that, Akihito!? Besides, aren't we friends!?"
Benio snaps at me. Her two ponytails shake.
Akihito: "Friends......"
No unity, trust, or friendship. Just "friends."
Strangers connected as a coμ. Even our shared risks don't guarantee unconditional trust.
Me, Izawa, Benio, Mayuki, Haru.
We can't even die alone, but our interests don't always align.
Sometimes we clash and fight each other.
Akihito: "............"
I'm irritated at Benio. My heart burns from frustration.
She followed me without a word, then barged in at the end.
And yet, I'm not mad enough to push her away. A half-assed irritation.
Akihito: "......that was my problem, not yours, Benio."
I end up at that vague emotion.
Instead of being irritated at her, I don't want to let her get involved.
Is my connection to Gasai something I want to keep from everyone else?
......I'm not sure.
Benio: "......isn't that unfair?"
Akihito: "You're the one who tailed me."
Benio: "......I wouldn't want to slip outside and come to a place like this to secretly meet with someone......"
A heavy silence. The poorly-maintained street lights flicker, throwing light and shadows at us.
Akihito: "............feel free to stop trusting me."
Benio: "That's no fair!! I was really worried about you, Akihito......that's why I followed you out here!!"
Benio: "Besides, we're all――――"
Benio swallows the last word.
―――Connected.
Since I had to use my avatar, everyone in my coμ could have been affected. It's Benio's problem as much as it is mine.
Benio doesn't point out that simple argument.
Akihito: "......sorry, I shouldn't have said that."
Benio: "That's okay......it wasn't bothering me that much."
A standardized apology―――
Benio's sincerity overcomes my sour mood. Ever since what happened on that hill, Benio's been so bright it hurts my eyes.
I try to come up with the right words. I can't find them.
Akihito: "......"
Everyone has their own world, places they don't want others to enter, their own personal secrets.
We may be a coμ with invisible connections to each other, but we're still alone. Strangers can never understand each other.
Akihito: "Sorry......"
I just repeat a meaningless word again.
Benio: "Don't worry about it, it's fine......I'm over it now."
Benio: "So......umm, about those two......"
Akihito: "......I can't talk about them."
Benio: "I......see, okay."
Benio: "Got it. If you're sure, I won't ask anymore."
Your feelings can't reach other people. You can't read others' hearts either. Strangers are completely isolated from each other.
A coμ. Five people suddenly connected one day. A vague, ambiguous group that can't be separated.
Now that I think about it, we don't know anything about each other. I don't know what they've been doing with their lives, or how they're doing right now.
But so what――?
We need the fairy tale that we believe in each other.
We share our survival through our connection to the avatar. If we doubt each other and start acting alone, we'll be easily destroyed.
A complex game played with chips representing our lives.
This is different from when we fought Jack. Back then we were looking forward and simply had to defeat a common enemy.
Benio: "Umm......I'm sorry for yelling......I wasn't thinking clearly......"
Akihito: "No."
I find the rock from earlier, and this time kick it behind me. I wish I could throw away this bad mood just as easily.
Benio: "You look down."
Akihito: "I do?"
Benio: "Akihito, you're making a really weird face right now. Why? Are you worried about something?"
Akihito: "............maybe."
Benio: "If so, you can......talk to me about it. I might......not be that dependable, but just telling someone might help......"
Akihito: "......"
I remember what just happened with Gasai.
Our conversation before that life-and-death fight. A huge but shapeless anxiety forms a heavy weight in my chest.
Something larger than I can handle is approaching me, coming right up next to me.
No―――
I've never been able to do very much with my own hands. The world has always been dizzyingly fast, and far beyond my reach.
Right now, a storm's coming.
The Coμnet's era of peace is coming to an end. As newcomers, we have a raging storm to look forward to, rather than songs of prosperity.
―――I wish I could've come into this at a calmer time.
Not that it matters what I think about that.
Benio: "Mm!"
She suddenly kisses me.
Akihito: "――!?"
Heat touches me.
She pulls my face closer, and stands on her tiptoes, just like that night when she reached out to the sky.
I hesitate from the sudden, sweet sensation. She gently nibbles on my lips.
A strange kiss. More than just touching, but no farther than that. Benio's smell renders me slightly intoxicated.
Akihito: "Oh............"
Her lips move away. Unlike the first time, I feel strangely lonely.
Benio: "............eheheh."
An awkward smile. She's red up to her ears.
Akihito: "You're embarrassed."
Benio: "......well......yeah, I am......"
She looks down and fiddles with her fingers a bit.
Benio: "I don't just......kiss random people or anything. This is......only the second time...I've kissed a guy......"
Akihito: "Okay."
I tell myself I can come up with better responses than that.
Benio: "I'm the type who likes pure love, believe it or not."
Akihito: "Yeah."
Benio: "So............well, feeling any better?"
Akihito: "Yeah."
Benio: "......girl's magic, level two."
She folds her fingers together in front of her, then behind her. Benio fidgets restlessly.
Akihito: "......is there a level three?"
Benio: "That's a secret......"
Benio: "So......"
Benio: "Please cheer up."
A deep breath. She bends over a little, looks up at me and smiles.
Benio: "Go back to the usual confident Akihito, eheheheh."
Akihito: "O-okay."
Benio: "I don't like when you make dark faces, Akihito."
Benio: "I'm not saying you have to force a smile."
Benio: "......I can't quite say this right, but......I think smiling might make you happier."
Akihito: "......happiness is tough."
Benio: "Doesn't eating a delicious cake do the trick? ......I think that's what happiness feels like."
Akihito: "That's cheap......won't that make you unhappy when you get to the scale?"
Benio: "Th-that's...not......!!"
Akihito: "Weird face."
My mood lightens. For some reason, my cheeks loosen.
Benio: "Akihito, you were making a much weirder one earlier. 
Your eyes were wide open like thiiis."
Benio's eyes pop open and she spins her head around. It does look weird.
Akihito: "I wouldn't be able to copy that wacky face no matter how hard I tried."
Benio: "Don't call me wacky!"
This time she puffs up her cheeks. Benio has a lot of funny faces tonight.
We walk slowly back to the party. The two of us walk side-by-side on the dark, moonlit road.
Benio: "Actually, Benio-san might be rushing this a bit."
She confesses something.
Benio: "Since there are a lot of girls around you, Akihito......"
Akihito: "Bu!"
Benio: "If any of us wasn't there you'd have plenty of replacements......"
Akihito: "No one's replacing anyone!"
Benio: "You are a womanizer, aren't you, Akihito?"
Akihito: "......did you tell Yoshimori that too?"
Benio: "No, I didn't! Absolutely not! I said nothing of the sort!"
Any juror would vote guilty after seeing that reaction.
Akihito: "......I'm just nice to girls because I'm a feminist."
Benio: "When people call themselves feminists it sounds like they're lying."
Akihito: "............"
―――I remember the red color.
My mother's blood covering the white floor. Her body getting cold within my arms. I saw the irreversible change from person to thing.
From past to future. Actions and consequences are connected. Humans and the world are made out of a series of past events.
Everything we once were defines who we are now, whether we want it to or not.
Benio: "......is there a reason for that? Is it something you can tell me?"
Akihito: "It's pretty ordinary......"
I can't be bothered to make up an explanation right now, maybe because it's late at night, maybe because I'm tired after fighting Gasai.
Akihito: "Something bad happened to my mother a long time ago."
Benio: "Eh......?"
Akihito: "You don't have to look so distressed. It was a long time ago."
Akihito: "We went to a convenience store together to buy something, and someone was robbing the place......"
Benio: "And the robber hurt her......?"
Akihito: "............"
Benio goes quiet. She understands that my mom died without me telling her.
Benio: "........."
Akihito: "I said you don't have to make that face."
Benio: "Do you think you can seduce me by telling some sad story about your past like an old shoujo manga?"
Akihito: "Y-you......!"
Benio: "Kiiidding. I'm actually shocked to hear that."
Akihito: "............"
She wraps an arm around mine and draws closer, reminding me of an animal consoling another.
Benio: "I want to fight for the kind of justice that lets everyone be happy."
With her arm still wrapped around mine, she walks with high steps.
Benio: "When I was younger I believed my father was an ally of justice."
Akihito: "Are you trying to lure me in with your own dark past now?"
Benio: "Yep, exactly. Uhuhun."
Benio's carefree smile is nice. It's too pure and bright, so it hurts to look at her.
Benio: "My dad's job was to do the right thing."
Benio: "He worked really really hard at his job,but because of that he didn't spend as much time with us."
Benio: "My parents are divorced now."
Benio: "I do want to be an ally of justice, but not like him."
Benio: "What he's doing isn't quite right. I have to work for everyone's happiness."
Akihito: "......"
Benio: "I'm glad I met "Girl A.""
Benio: "A superpower no normal human has! Now I can help people I otherwise couldn't. I might be able to do something now."
Benio: "But that hasn't really happened......not yet."
Benio: "It hasn't been going well at all, so I was a little sad about that."
Benio: "But......but Akihito, because you......"
Akihito: "I didn't do anything."
Benio: "Because you were there, I still did my best."
Benio: "When we first met on that hill, you did everything you could. You saved Mayu-Mayu even though it might kill you."
Benio: "I think that made an impact on me."
Under the moonlight, I feel Benio's warmth through my arm. She presses her meager chest against me defenselessly.
Akihito: "That was just an impulse."
Benio: "Aha, you're embarrassed."
Benio: "Akihito, you've been helping girls in trouble since before you had an avatar, right? I think helping people like that is amazing."
Akihito: "I'm not doing anything that special."
Benio: "Akihito, come on."
Benio takes my hand and holds it against her chest.
Akihito: "Oh......?"
Her boldness makes me hesitate.
A soft, squishy sensation. It's not just a flat board like a certain someone keeps saying. I can feel Benio's heartbeat under her shallow but soft chest.
Benio: "Can you feel it? ......my heart's pounding. I might be serious about this......"
Akihito: "It is pounding pretty hard."
Benio: "Yeah, really hard. It almost hurts."
Benio won't let go of my hand.
Akihito: "......umm......could you please let go?"
For some reason I ask politely. Part of me wants to keep touching, and part of me doesn't.
Benio: "......so you do...feel something......from touching my chest? Or......do they have to be as weighty as O-Haru-san's......?"
I compare the minimalism in my hands to the enormous mass in my memory. The softness of pillows larger than my hands, versus the softness of warm marshmallows.
Akihito: "......that was pretty amazing."
Benio: "Oooh, I see."
Akihito: "No seriously, they were superdreadnoughts."
Benio: "............what does that mean?"
Oh shit!
Benio: "What do you mean "amazing!?""
She intimidates me.
Akihito: "Gyaaa!? My fingers, let go of my fingers!!"
Benio: "O-Haru-san's body is unbelievable, but shouldn't you have said "those are pretty amazing?" Why'd you say "that was!?" WHY!?"
Akihito: "I-I'm not sure...how to explain......!"
Benio: "Don't tell me! You've touched them! You have touched them, haven't you!? And not just accidentally bumping into them, you grabbed them deliberately!!"
Akihito: "......u-umm, you could say I did."
Benio: "Soyouhave
......!?"
Her eyes tell me I'll die if I don't confess.
Akihito: "Yes......"
Benio: "Tell me every last detail about what you did with her......!"
Akihito: "......that doesn't matter......"
Her fierce inquisition made me admit everything.
Benio: "Y-you did it with O-Haru-san!? You did "that" with her!?"
She completely panics. Benio has no tolerance for erotic subjects.
Akihito: "......well, it's a thing men and women often do."
Benio: "A-aaaaah!!!!?"
She's clearly shocked.
Benio: "H-how can you...act so normal around her...after doing that!? Wait, when did this even happen!?"
She takes on several exaggerated poses and gradually steps away from me.
Benio: "A-a-a-a-are you and O-Haru-san in that kind of a relationship......?"
Akihito: "No, that was kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing."
Benio: "Spur of the moment!? You have sex that easily!? And then you act like nothing happened when you see them the next day!? You don't save it for your first love or anything!?"
Akihito: "Ummm......that wasn't my first time, so......"
Benio: "A-aaaah!! That's even more shocking!!"
She bends so far back she almost falls over, like a figure skating move.
Benio: "But we're the same age!! Doesn't that mean you've done it really early!? I'm still a virgin, does that mean I'm behind!?"
Akihito: "Everyone does it at different ages......"
Benio: "Do you have these relationships with other girls too!? Like Hinaori-san or Mayuki-chan or Yoshimori-san or Rondo or Kimizuka-san or Nanase-san!?"
Akihito: "Wait a minute!! Not that! I'm not involved with any of them!!"
Benio: "Liiiaaar!!!! You're doing it with one of them every night sometimes two at once!"
Akihito: "I haven't had a threesome yet!"
Benio: "What do you mean yet......? Why "yet"......?"
Akihito: "Eh......? I mean I haven't......"
Benio: "So you haven't done it yet but if you got the chance you'd do it in a heartbeat! Wouldn't you!? You really are a playboy......"
Akihito: "I'm a feminist!"
In all seriousness, I think you'd be hard-pressed to find a young man who'd willingly refuse a chance to be in a threesome.
Benio: "Aaah, aaah, why did I kiss you? Why did I let you touch my chest? Aaah, aaah......"
Akihito: "Y-you're not losing anything......"
Benio: "Of course not! My chest can't get any smaller!!"
Akihito: "Okay......"
I'm not gloomy anymore, but there's still an awkward silence between us when we get back to the party.
Haru: "Oh, you two. Where have you been all night? Did you have fun?"
Benio: "Noooo! We weren't doing anythiiiing!"
She's offended.
Kagome: "I hear you summoned Babylon."
Akihito: "A lot of stuff happened."
Haru: "Actually, we were looking for you."
Izawa: "......where the fuck did you go?"
Mayuki: "Glare."
A harsh investigation.
When connectors are loaded in, they receive sensory information from the avatar. All five of us know how the battle went.
Humans and avatars are built differently. Human brains aren't designed to move wings or tails, much less control gravity fields or super-vibrations.
Being loaded into the avatar forces all five of us to connect to something not like us.
Thus, being connected to an active avatar hurts our brains. We get exhausted if it stays out for a long time, and if it gets too serious we can't control the avatar anymore.
Connectors receive sensory information from the avatar, but that's more complicated than simply "seeing" what the avatar sees.
Snakes and dogs can look at the same object, but they understand the world in different ways. An avatar's sensory information is very unusual to a human.
The amount and precision of the information is affected by distance and the connector's class. It's still very hard to control an avatar if you can't see it yourself.
Akihito: "......we'll talk about that later. The short version is someone started a fight with me."
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, please don't do something so thoughtless. If you let your libido tell you to go nuts and you lose the fight, we all die with you."
Akihito: "......sorry, I won't do that again."
Izawa: "You cause nothing but trouble."
Akihito: "......you are the last person who should be saying that."
The party is still overflowing with heat. They might keep going until dawn.
Akihito: "Wanna keep watching, or should we head home?"
Izawa: "I'm bored. Let's get outta here."
Mayuki: "Agreed. An incendiary rally like this does nothing for kids in my generation."
Kagome: "Let's go home so I can lounge around Akihito's room."
Haru: "Good idea, I feel like rolling around under my covers too."
When Haru talks, Benio's shoulders jump a little. I don't like where this is going.
Benio looks at the ground as she walks at the back of the pack. Then, she stops.
Benio: "U-umm, O-Haru-san!"
She stutters as she talks to Haru.
Haru: "Whaaat?"
Benio: "Umm, well......"
Akihito: "............"
I feel strangely tense.
Haru: "Hmmm?"
Rondo: "Are you guys heading home?"
Benio continues hesitating up until Rondo comes out of the building.
Akihito: "Yep, we are. We learned a lot tonight."
I take my chance to change the subject.
Rondo: "I'm glad it helped. Are you sure you don't want to keep watching? There's another little event coming up later."
Akihito: "Event?"
Rondo: "Yes, a very interesting one for coμs."
Akihito: "I think we'll pass for today. A lot happened, and we're kinda exhausted now."
Rondo: "Okay. That's a shame. Let's meet again sometime."
She gracefully turns on her heels.
Akihito: "Okay, let's really go home now. Hopefully the parking meter hasn't expired......"
Akihito: "Ow!"
A man runs toward us, and our shoulders collide.
Man: "Ah......"
The man must have come out of the party. He glances at me for a moment, then runs off without apologizing.
Akihito: "At least say you're sorry! Humans get along much better when they all say sorry and thank you!"
He continues running away.
Akihito: "Wait, have I seen that guy before......?"
Kagome: "Akihito, why are you drooling with that stupid face?"
Akihito: "I'm not drooling!"
I search my memories, but I can't find that guy's face. Maybe I was imagining things.
Mayuki: "Do you have imaginary little sisters now? Please keep those things in your bedroom."
Izawa: "If you're using Keiko for your delusions, I'll kill you."
Akihito: "You really think I'd do something so dangerous? You violent siscon."
Izawa: "What!? I do not have a sister complex!"
Izawa suffers from a disease he doesn't know he has.
Haru: "So Benio-chan, what was it?"
Benio: "Eh? Ah, no, it was nothing! Nothing, absolutely nothing!"
Haru: "Hmmmmm?"
Four of us get in Haru's car, while Kagome and I get on my bike. Same as how we got here.
Akihito: "Here goes."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Kagome grabs my hips. We ride through deserted streets in the dark of night, with the din of the party behind us.
====================H0180_コミュネット04.json====================
029 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Mon) 21:23:46Caesar-sama's wonderful!
030 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Mon) 21:48:57
I can't believe the Round Table's leaving him alone. He's obviously a dangerous guy.
031 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Mon) 22:14:23
>>029Fangirl
032 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Mon) 22:24:46Yes, yes, I can hear his armies marching now
033 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Mon) 23:25:12
Isn't Caesar part of the Table? None of them did anything about Jack the Ripper, that's just a fact
034 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Mon) 23:29:03
Caesar's Legion is just a private army. They're nothing like the Round Table. The Coμnet is getting a lot more dangerous lately and a lot of people are asking for some kind of peacekeeping force, so that's allowing the Legion to expand its influence.
035 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Mon) 23:36:57
Someone I know got hurt in a duel game near the train loop the other day
036 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 00:37:50
>>034The Coμnet doesn't have any government or laws, so a private army isn't automatically a bad thing. We all have our own avatars.
037 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 02:50:28It was so peaceful until last year......
038 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 06:52:45
I hear there are more connectors and more Girl A sightings this year
039 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 21:54:02Source?
040 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 10:30:43
>>038That does sound bad. In the past it felt like people were being "chosen," but these days it's clear Girl A's just drawing names out of a hat.
041 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 14:57:55
If another insane coμ like Jack the Ripper's shows up we'll all be in danger, so we need law and order. We probably need harsh punishments too. Personally I'm amazed no one's tried to make it happen before.
Man: "Hey, where'd they go!?"
Man: "Stop losing them, look around......
there!"
Even from one of the many lonely roofs that commands a view of the whole city, there are plenty of places to hide behind enormous billboards and water towers and the like.
An Ivanhoe just jumped out of the shadows.
But it's knocked back in midair, and falls to the ground pathetically.
The grating of steel against steel. It's easy to imagine they might try to counterattack, so......
The Gevaudan's claws move forward in order to deal the final blow, but the Ivanhoe avoids them by a hair's breadth.
Man: "Mikan! Youko! Keep up the pressure!"
His friends' answers move the steel hound. Through the Gevaudan's senses, they search for the other avatars fighting nearby.
One looks like a two-legged goat leaping through the darkness. The Ivanhoe. The other looks like a misshapen monkey. A Pantagruel.
Man: "Slaughter the dogs of the Round Table!"
Man: "Dammit, lost 'em again."
Man: "He's not getting away tonight. Let's settle this."
Despite his words, they've been thrown off. Even their avatar can't sense any enemy movements. They probably did lose him.
There've been a lot of turf wars like this lately.
It started with something stupid. A squabble over who tresspassed on whose territory. Once it started, neither side could back down.
Man: "What about you guys?"
They call their allies on the phone. The answer isn't good. They can imagine them sighing.
Man: "......I see, so you lost them."
Man: "No, so did we. This is probably it for tonight. We'll finish this next time we see them."
Man: "Yeah, see you next week――"
At that moment―――
Ka-boom.
The Gevaudan's arm is cut in four.
Man: "Wha――――"
He's more taken aback than he is surprised. His mind can't keep up with what just happened.
The sound of some large projectile flying―――
A second shot. An explosion.
The hound's legs are crushed, but they can't even tell where the shots are coming from.
The projectiles are faster than sound. If they hit a human, not a shred would remain.
Man: "――S-snipers!?"
They hurriedly look around. No avatars anywhere.
But they're in-between buildings. Enemies could come down in front of them, but shooting them from a position they can't see?
That's just not possible.
Ka-boom.
The Gevaudan's arms and legs continue to be shot off.
Man: "Where are they!?"
Their allies are in disarray, but there's no time to worry about them.
This is bad. This thing's serious. It's really going to kill them.
If they don't send their avatar away―――
But before they can think about that......
The next shot destroys the Gevaudan's head.
The five death cries are much quieter than you'd expect.
====================H0200_とあるクラスメート_0428.json====================
Ayaya: "It's mor――"
I stop the alarm clock with blinding speed. I woke up one minute before the alarm started yelling, so I decided to wait for it.
Akihito: "I feel kinda good."
Waking up on my own and shutting off the alarm clock the moment it goes off makes me feel like I've defeated time itself.
Akihito: "Ayaya, you need to train harder."
Slight self-satisfaction.
Akihito: "Mm! Mmmmmmm!"
I stretch, then get out of bed.
The living room in the morning. Strangely, Kagome and Benio are together today.
Benio's normally bad at mornings, but right now she's making a conflicted face while holding her knees on the sofa.
Kagome crosses her legs arrogantly, with the same dangerous wardrobe as usual.
An awkward tension makes my stomach feel heavy.
For some reason I feel like I'm walking next to a minefield, so I tread lightly as I pass through the corner of the living room.
Benio: "Glare."
Her eyes stick to me like glue. Benio's been unhappy ever since the party.
Kagome: "You're awake. Let's have breakfast."
To the witch, tension and enmity are just pebbles on the roadside.
Kagome: "Akihito."
She curls her finger, calling me over.
Akihito: "What?"
Kagome's mouth curls like a crescent moon, and she holds out a white finger toward my mouth.
Kagome: "You can lick it, Akihito."
Akihito: "Don't say things like that without an explanation!"
Kagome: "Oh, you don't want to? I thought you were saying you wanted to lick a girl's finger."
Akihito: "That's not even close!"
Kagome: "It'd be far more constructive to go ahead and lick instead of wasting your breath denying it."
Akihito: "There's nothing constructive about this!!"
Kagome cuts off the conversation by heading off into the kitchen.
Lately Kagome and Benio have been rotating cooking duty. However, since Benio's not a morning person, Kagome ends up dominating breakfast.
Benio: "They really are huge......"
A curse against the witch now that she's vanished into the kitchen.
Akihito: "Umm......Benio-san......?"
Benio: "............"
She glares harder.
Benio: "......everyone's huge."
For some reason she bangs her head on the table.
Akihito: "Fuaau."
English class. The words go in one ear and out the other like a magic spell as I yawn.
An indescribable tension floats through the classroom. The scenery is no different from usual. It's because Kagome's here today.
Heretics are always feared.
English Teacher: "So that's how that works. Now onto the next passage――"
The school operates normally today. Only two people are absent. Not a bad attendance rate.
One of them has been missing all week, so there's no point worrying about him. He could be sick, fed up with school, or just not want to leave his room. It's not unusual for a couple people to disappear from the class over time.
I try to remember their faces and fail. They must've been quite ordinary.
I yawn again. Outside the window, white light fills everything.
Akihito: "......"
Underneath the calm peace, a deep abyss opens its mouth wide.
At the end of last week, we went to a party late at night. A pandemonium of rebellious coμs.
Dozens, maybe hundreds of steel monsters are running rampant through this town without anyone's knowledge. It's a ticking time bomb.
Break time again. I follow my routine and the day passes by.
Takahashi: "Hey, playboy."
Takahashi sits down sideways in the chair in front of me, his potbelly shaking. He always seems to be enjoying himself.
Akihito: "What's up, pig?"
Takahashi: "Shut up, you're the one on the harem route. I hope one of those girls snaps and stabs you at the end."
Akihito: "I have no idea what you're talking about."
I'm nowhere near as blessed as he thinks I am. Does it really count as a harem if some of the girls are violent and tyrannical?
Takahashi: "You won't be able to talk like that much longer. Listen and be amazed, bedwetting brat, for I have begun a diet!"
Akihito: "E-eeeeeeeh!? Impossible......Hell's freezing over."
Takahashi: "I'm gonna lose as much weight as those people in the before and after pictures in ads!"
Akihito: "Those are often pictures of different people. But why are you trying to do something so impossible that the world might end?"
Takahashi: "I saw a video about a cute, tiny new idol last night online."
Takahashi: "I asked a friend and he said that girl is from Takakura City! I was freaking out for a moment."
Takahashi: "Yuuna-chan is going to be huge in the future."
Takahashi: "And when that time comes, I will be the one standing beside her!"
Takahashi, didn't you say 3D women are no good, and the most you'll ever be interested in is 2.5D?
Akihito: "Was she really that cute?"
Takahashi: "Aaaah, she's just sooooo tiny, and her chest is completely flat......"
Akihito: "I'm reporting you."
Takahashi: "Fool! I am a gentleman. I'm rational enough to wait until Yuuna-chan's of proper age."
Akihito: "Hmm......well you still have to get in a relationship with her before any of that matters. For now, I'm putting a thousand yen on your diet failing."
Takahashi: "Okay, two thousand on it failing."
Akihito: "Come on."
So he's not even going to try.
Akihito: "By the way, whoever's in that seat has been skipping school for a while. Who was it?"
Takahashi: "Come on, man......Yamate. Yamate Yoshirou. Don't forget people just because they're normal."
Akihito: "Aaah, Yamate. That's right."
I pull out my memories. My impression of him is vague, and his face is hazy in my mind.
Groups have hierarchies. In this classroom, the tyrant Kagome sits on top of the pyramid.
Ordinary people aren't all that high. The larger the group, the harder it is to see the ordinary parts.
Then there are some people like Takahashi who brave those seas through communication, not through any special ability.
Takahashi: "When no one remembers your name you start hiding in your shell and eventually stop coming to school at all without anyone missing you. So don't forget these people."
I wonder how many people in this room remember Yamate. The guy wasn't just normal, he never stood out in any way.
He didn't talk that much, his grades weren't anything to brag about, and he just felt bland in general.
An individual you can't identify once he's in a crowd. Some people are just shallow like that. They're lacking any ability to draw attention to themselves.
Akihito: "Next time I see him I'll start calling him Jimmy."
Takahashi: "That's too close to bullying."
I suddenly remember the man I bumped into the night of the party.
Something in the corner of my memory bugs me. Does my vague impression of him resemble Yamate?
Akihito: "............"
Takahashi: "What? Ghosts talking to you or something?"
Akihito: "Hm? No......I think I saw Yamate recently."
Takahashi: "Outside? Then he's not staying in his room all day. I guess that's a good thing."
Akihito: "I might be wrong about that."
I continue responding to Takahashi's blabber as I gaze at the empty seat.
It's possible Yamate was there, which would mean he's a connector――
No one knows how Girl A chooses people. Everyone is equally likely to be chosen.
This bugs me a little.
Takahashi: "This is unusual, Mizuwa."
Akihito: "What is?"
Takahashi: "You've always been nice to girls, but cold to guys, right?"
Akihito: "That makes me sound like a dick."
Takahashi: "Isn't it true? One of my kouhai said so and I agreed with him."
Akihito: "That's just mean. At least try to defend me!"
I don't have work tonight. I think I'll try visiting Yamate Yoshirou tonight. Hopefully, I'll find nothing.
By the time class restarts, I'm dead-set on doing that.
====================H0210_竹河紅緒04.json====================
Takekawa Benio is in the city.
Takakura Station, the staircase at the west entrance――
The sixty-eight meter staircase is considered a tourist attraction, and events are often held here.
Today there's a small concert.
An up-and-coming idol is singing here. She's getting more popular after appearing on some local morning shows.
Benio sits down on the stairs, rests her chin in her hands and gazes at the stage with a conflicted expression.
She's new, but her singing isn't that bad. A girl smaller than Benio is singing on a stage in front of a huge crowd.
Saho: "So this is the local girl everyone's expecting great things from."
Kouchin: "Yeah, yeah, everyone's talking about her lately. My grandparents are both locals so they're rooting for her too."
Saho and Kouchin are sitting next to her. Normally they go to small indoor concert halls, but today's a little different.
Saho brought them here to "support local talent," which Benio didn't entirely understand, but now they're watching an idol concert.
Saho has a habit of suddenly saying things that don't make a lot of sense.
Saho: "Actually, Benio, don't you like Yuuna-chan too? You were singing her new song at karaoke before."
Benio: "I know."
They both move their bodies in tune with the idol's songs.
Yuuna: "Thank youuu~!"
Yuuna. An idol designed to exude purity. A certain online image board voted her the number three idol they'd like as their little sister.
Her adorable and innocent appearance is said to captivate the hearts of wannabe older brothers everywhere.
Kouchin: "My little brother started buying all of her CDs recently."
Saho: "She doesn't have any singles yet, right?"
Kouchin: "She's only sung two songs. She is new, after all."
The idol waves to the audience. The recently-recruited fans in the front row cheer her on, and their cameras flash vehemently.
She is getting more well-known, but she's not yet at the level where she has waves of fans crashing into the stage.
A respectable level of excitement and applause.
Yuuna: "I'll capture your heart☆"
Benio: "Mmmmmm......"
Benio groans by herself. She doesn't see a lot of idols. Her heart is captured by a different issue.
Akihito, O-Haru-san, and also Kagome.
She can't actually complain about the fact that O-Haru-san is in a relationship with Akihito.
It's not like she was dating Akihito at the time. In fact, they still aren't.
They kissed. Twice. And she let him touch her chest.
But technically, that's it. She said she liked him, but that doesn't necessarily mean anything.
It wouldn't count as cheating on her.
Benio: "C-cheating......"
What would she do if the guy she liked "cheated" on her?
That's dishonest, whether men or women do it.
O-Haru-san said with a straight face that she was going out with three or four guys. Akihito is one of them.
Benio: "!!!!!!!"
She makes a bitter face and almost falls over. She doesn't even know who to confide in or how to express these feelings. An unclear depression hangs over her.
Love is an earnest, sincere, straightforward, unshaking, lifelong, one-time-only feeling, according to certain people. Benio knows that's not achievable, but she wants to be as close as possible.
Kouchin: "What's wrong? You're grumbling a lot tonight."
Saho: "What? What? Are you constipated?"
Benio: "......no! Not that! I'm eating nothing but salads for my diet, so I'm getting plenty of fiber thank you very much."
Kouchin: "Then what is it?"
Benio: "Eeeh? ......eeeeeh!?"
Benio: "Ummmm, well, it's......a little......"
The next song begins. She glances at the idol to run away from her poorly formed thoughts.
The spotlights make the stage shine bright. They're putting a lot into this song. The new idol's trying her hardest. If she was in her normal happy mood she might be enjoying this.
Benio: "Umm, well, it's just, that......"
Kouchin: "Hmm~~~?"
Kouchin tends to act like a wise elder sister, so her questioning is persistent. It's not easy to get away from her.
Should she talk to them about it or not?
After thinking hard for a while, she decides to make use of a well-known cliche.
Benio: "It's about a friend of mine......"
Kouchin: "Yeah, and?"
Saho: "You're trying to help people again, Benio?"
Benio: "Yeah, yeah, exactly, I'm helping someone!"
She's relieved. Saho believed her right away. This must be one of the perks of being a good samaritan.
Benio: "There's a guy that girl likes......and she was about to ask him to start dating, but then she found out he's been ***ing with another girl."
Saho: "Eh? He's cheating?"
Benio: "Not really......she hadn't asked him out yet, and he's not really going out with her anyway......I think......"
She's using nothing but pronouns, so her story gets confusing.
Kouchin: "Aaah, well men do tend to do it whenever they get the chance."
Saho: "They're such beasts. All of them. But when they look good enough you just want them to do it to you instead."
Benio: "Ahaha......I guess that might be it......"
So it's not that Akihito's a womanizer, it's that all men are beasts. Hmm.
Benio's still hoping for some pure maiden love, so that's rather sad.
Benio: "......what do you think she should do?"
Kouchin: "So she still likes him even though he's done it with someone else?"
Benio: "......I think so, though it seems like she's not sure about that."
Saho: "Not knowing whether you like him or not is the most dangerous part, isn't it?"
Saho: "She's gotta try and seduce him directly before someone else claims him!!"
Benio: "S-seduce......?"
Saho: "Yeah, like wearing nothing but an apron in his kitchen. Uhuuun......Ow!"
Kouchin disciplines Saho by hitting her in the head.
Kouchin: "No crude jokes in public places."
Benio: "......Saho, you always try to bring up pervy things."
Saho: "Young bodies yearning for lust, but their hearts desire pure love, plus their eyes desire good looks, and their unsatisfied desires overflow until......Ow!"
Saho holds herself with both arms and quivers until Kouchin disciplines her again.
Kouchin: "I told you to cut out the crude jokes."
Saho: "Buu, buu, but they're fun, talking about them casually proves we're friends~"
Kouchin: "Wait until we're in a karaoke box or something."
Benio: "But......the idea is still exciting......
if a guy you like......and you, well......yeah, yeah, yeah......"
Saho: "How far exactly does this "yeah, yeah, yeah" go, my adorable little Benio-chan? Hmmm?"
Benio: "H-how far......?"
Of course she's curious. She's very curious. Benio's at that age where everyone is.
She doesn't talk about it as brazenly as Saho, but it's not just guys who are fascinated by the idea of doing it for the first time.
Though whenever she thinks about it, she can't really picture it.
Doing stuff with a boy, with Akihito......
Benio: "~~~~~~~"
She falls on her face.
Benio: "............I just don't know."
Saho: "In the movies no one ever seems to know, do they?"
Benio: "Y-you're right, they don't, but......"
Saho: "It's so nice being under the moonlight together, with a view of the sea, then he pushes you down......"
Benio: "Well, that's, I guess......if the guy's gentle......"
Saho: "Th-then it comes all the way inside and you're connected physically and mentally with your beloved and it just feels so good! Hey!"
Saho gets whacked in the shoulder.
Benio: "Well, that's......a little scary, but......I guess it sounds nice......"
Kouchin: "It's really not that good."
Saho: "It's not?"
Kouchin: "No, it's just painful......"
Time freezes.
Benio: "Eh?"
Saho: "Oh?"
Kouchin: "Eh? What!?"
Saho: "I can't let that slide. How can you say sex isn't that good!?"
Benio: "I can't let that slide. How do you know if it hurts or not, Kouchin!?"
Saho's the princess of erotic subjects, but she's a virgin. Kouchin's been in charge of stopping her for a while, so Benio assumed she was a virgin too.
It can't be――――
Kouchin: "Eh? Ah, did I say it wrong? I hear it's not that great. That sound better?"
Benio: "No, it's nooot~!!"
Kouchin: "Hiiii!?"
Benio flails.
Saho: "It's too late, Kouchin. I can't believe you would betray us and lose your virginity first. Saho-chin's sad now."
Kouchin: "No, I didn't say I......"
Benio: "We're not ignoring that!! I can't believe you, why is everyone so――!?"
They said men were beasts, but it turns out all young people are.
The current state of modern sex is that young men and women will do it whenever they get the chance!
Pure love is dead! Face the wrath of a virgin!
Benio: "We're going to make you confess everything."
Kouchin: "Ueeeeh?"
Saho: "Benio-chan, you're scary. Very scary."
Benio: "Who with!!? Where did you do it!!!?"
Saho: "What position did you use?"
Benio: "Eh!? Position!?"
Saho: "Aren't you curious?"
Benio: "............yes."
Kouchin: "Hiiiiiiiii!"
She's getting desperate.
Benio: "How many times have you done it!!? Was it good!!?"
Saho: "Did you use your mouth!? Did you try anal!?"
Kouchin: "Hiiiii, I'll tell you everything so please stoooop~!!"
Kouchin: "Euuuu, euuuu......"
Kouchin's broken down as if she just got raped.
Benio: "A-aaaah......! This is so shocking......"
Saho: "Yeah, it is......! How could Kouchin's body have already been broken in by a man's......"
In the end we're the ones most shocked by what she tells us.
Kouchin: "E-enough crude jokes!"
Benio: "Shut up, non-virgin."
Saho: "She's right, used goods."
Kouchin: "I-it was pure looove......"
The three of us are damaged in three different ways, and we fall out of our seats exhausted. The concert is nearing its end now.
Yuuna: "Did everyone enjoy Yuuna's concert? We'll do everything we can to make the next one even more fun, so I'd be very happy if you all came♪"
And once more, applause and shouting. The idol turns toward everyone and waves.
Yuuna: "Thank you~☆"
The idol shows off her perfect smile. Benio and her friends wave back carelessly. It looks like the crowd's on the verge of death.
Benio: "Let's go home."
Saho: "Yeah."
Kouchin: "Good idea."
Saho: "From now on, we're calling you "non-virgin.""
Benio: "Agreed."
Kouchin: "Eeeeeh!?"
Saho: "Definitely."
Benio: "Definitely."
Non-Virgin: "Eeeeeeeh!?"
Now that the inconvenient truth has been revealed, the virgin girls minus one sigh and leave the local idol's mini-concert.
====================H0220_山手家にて.json====================
I tried asking a classmate for Yamate's address, but no one knew it.
Instead, I had to tell the teacher I'd take the homework to Yamate's place, so that he'd look it up for me.
Akihito: "Everyone's so picky about keeping their personal information private these days......Sasakura-sensei should really be more careful."
Akihito: "Ummmm......get off at the station, then I guess it's on foot."
It's afternoon, hours away from the rush. The station is empty.
I try to remember Yamate, but even though we were in the same classroom, I have no connection to him at all. The larger the group, the more people end up estranged.
Should I bring some kind of gift for visiting someone's house? Would that only make it more unnatural?
Benio: "Heeey, Akihitooo!"
A familiar face waves her hand in the corner of my eyes. It's Benio.
She's sitting on the terrace of the open cafe "Shambleau" with two of her friends.
On one side is a nimble little girl with a Sauvage haircut, and on the other is a tall older sister-type girl with semi-long hair.
Benio: "What a coincidence!"
Akihito: "Is your school off today?"
Benio: "Yeah, it is. This is the day it was founded. Are you on your way home from school, Akihito? Wait, do you even take the train home?"
Unlike her attitude last week, she's bright and cheery again. Maybe because she's with her friends.
Saho: "Benio, Benio, who's that? Who is he? A man!? Benio with a man!? Gyaaa!!"
Benio: "Gyaaaa!!"
She grabs Benio's chest from behind. Why must friendship produce such tragic conflicts?
Saho: "You're a traitor tooo!!"
Benio: "No, no, nooo!"
Kouchin: "I haven't seen you before. You a friend of Benio's?"
Benio: "Ah, yeah.A friend?Hmm,yeah he is."
Saho: "You're using each other's first names......"
Benio: "......you're harsh today, Saho."
Benio: "Umm......anyway, his name is Akihito. Akihito, this is Kouchin, and this is Saho."
Benio introduces us to each other.
Saho: "No honorific."
Kouchin: "No honorific."
The girlfriends miss nothing.
Akihito: "Hey. I'm Mizuwa Akihito. You two from Benio's school?"
Saho: "Hey. So how close are you and Benio~?"
Kouchin: "Pleased to meet you, Akihito-san."
Benio: "I told you guys we're just friends."
Saho: "Something's not right, something's suspicious, something's fishy."
Benio: "Saho, what happened to trusting your friends?"
Saho: "Of course I trust you, but this is different."
She fails to clear her name.
Benio: "Huh......Hinaori-san's not with you today. What are you doing out here alone, Akihito? Shopping?"
Akihito: "Well......there's a classmate who hasn't shown up at all lately, so someone asked me to make sure that nothing bad's happened."
I can't tell her it might involve the Coμnet, so for now I tell a slight lie that won't sound suspicious if I ever meet these friends of Benio's again.
Benio: "Hmmmm, so you look out for people even at school.Ah, is it another girl!?"
Akihito: "No, it's a guy this time, a guy. Yamate Yoshirou. Clearly a guy's name."
Saho: "You're getting along so well. Uuuun, Saho's jealous."
Kouchin: "Benio, who were you to complain about what I've done? You already know guys from other schools......"
Benio: "Shut up, we're talking!"
Saho: "Uhihihi."
They seem pretty close. I can't ignore them.
Akihito: "Anyway, I'd like to wrap this up quickly so I'll get going now. See you."
Benio: "Wait a minute, can I come with you?"
As I raise one hand to wave goodbye, Benio stops me, and her friends start whispering.
Kouchin: "Something's definitely up."
Saho: "Isn't it a certainty at this point?"
Benio: "What are you two talking about!?"
Kouchin: "Just go off with Akihito-kun now. Uhuhuhu, have fun."
Saho: "So spring has finally come for simple little Benio despite all those rumors she was a lesbian. Aaaah, now I'm the only pure girl left............"
Benio: "P-pure!?"
She wants to object to that with all her might.
Saho: "You don't have to be embarrassed. This should be celebrated."
Kouchin: "She's right. Akihito-kun, take good care of Benio now."
Akihito: "Aaah, well......"
Benio: "I told you guys it's not like that!"
Kouchin: "But aren't you two about to go somewhere we don't know about?"
Saho: "Don't blush Benio, now go get him! Get him hard!"
She clenches her fist, then gives her a thumbs up.
Benio: "Gyaaa!"
Benio: "H-hard......!? You idiot! I told you Akihito's just a friend!"
Kouchin: "Anyway, we don't want to interfere so we should get going now."
Saho: "Yeah. Bye now, Benio and Akihito-kun. Play nice~ And text me later. Be sure to tell me which position."
Benio: "Posiiii......!?"
The two of them wave as they walk off with smirks.
Benio: "You two......"
Benio watches them go with her cheeks puffed. She looks like she's having fun.
Akihito: "Why'd you want to come with me?"
Benio: "No particular reason......just women's intuition. It looked like you were hiding something."
Akihito: "............"
A very illogical statement. But she's right, so I can't laugh at it. Women's intuition is terrifying.
Benio: "......is it bad?"
Akihito: "Won't know 'til we get there."
A vague unease builds up in my chest.
Akihito: "You really didn't have to come out here."
Benio: "It's fine, I had another reason."
Akihito: "What is it?"
Benio: "......well, you've been acting kinda awkward lately......so......"
I think I hear an inaudibly soft whisper. Something like "I wanna make up."
Akihito: "That's not a bad idea."
Benio: "Unyu!?"
Benio's a child of the sun. She's much better when she's looking forward rather than hanging her head.
Yamate lives in an apartment building in the center of town, a ten minute walk from the station.
Whoever drew this map, they left out far too much. We only found this place by using the gas station nearby.
Benio: "Is this it?"
Akihito: "Yeah, it is. I've hardly ever spoken to Yamate, but let me do most of the talking for now."
Benio: "So you don't know him that well."
Akihito: "He was a pretty ordinary guy."
After clarifying that, I ring the bell.
Yamate's Mother: "Yes, who is it......?"
A middle-aged woman answers. Must be Yamate's mother.
Akihito: "I'm Mizuwa Akihito, one of Yoshirou-kun's classmates."
Akihito: "I haven't seen Yoshirou-kun come to school this week, so I wanted to make sure he was okay......"
Yamate's Mother: "I see......sorry you had to come all the way out here. I'll open the door."
I can hear someone moving around behind the door, then I hear the chain lock being removed.
Yamate's Mother: "Thank you for coming all this way, but Yoshirou's not here right now."
Akihito: "......where is he?"
Yamate Yoshirou's mother feels like an extremely ordinary housewife, just like the apartment.
They're not particularly well-off, but the place isn't a mess either.
Yamate's Mother: "He doesn't come home much anymore."
Benio: "Eh? What do you mean?"
Yamate's Mother: "He's not a child, so it's not that strange for him to stay at other places, but it's been a week since I last saw him, so I'm starting to get a bit worried......"
Akihito: "A whole week......?"
Yamate's Mother: "His phone's been dead this whole time too, though even in the past he wouldn't answer me at times."
Yamate's Mother: "I'm wondering whether I should call the police. I don't want to make a big fuss over this, but......"
Akihito: "If you don't mind, could I look around in Yoshirou-kun's room? I might be able to find a hint as to where he's been."
Yamate's Mother: "Ah, good idea. Go right ahead."
Either because we're classmates, or because Benio gives off some kind of peaceful aura, Yamate's mother has a decent impression of me.
If she's letting strangers into her son's room this easily, she must really be worried about him.
Akihito: "Thank you."
Benio: "Thank you."
We head into Yamate Yoshirou's room.
His room is neatly organized.
Again, nothing distinctive stands out. Just like himself, his apartment and his mother, this room is very normal.
Yamate's Mother: "I'll bring some tea."
Akihito: "Ah, don't worry about us."
His mother walks away.
Akihito: "............"
This home feels so ordinary. A mother's concern for her son, and her son drifting away from her. A perfectly normal family domicile.
Benio: "......"
Benio's standing still. She watches Yamate's mother disappear.
Benio doesn't get along well with her family. She's living by herself despite still being in high school. There must be reasons for that.
Bright and sunny Benio is dark and cloudy now. The night of the party, she told me her parents were divorced.
Humans are infinitely far apart. Their hearts can never reach each other. Despite that, at this moment I feel like ours might be connected. We share a similar loneliness.
One day, something disappeared. It doesn't matter whether it was malice, misfortune, or something else.
Akihito: "Benio."
Benio: "Haeh?"
She reboots after I say something.
Benio: "This is a pretty normal room."
She might not let us do a thorough search of the house, so I plan my evil deeds while she's away.
I quickly open the drawers and check what's inside. Sorry, Yamate.
Benio: "D-don't open that, you're violating his privacy."
Akihito: "What if he's in real danger? Besides, heroes who save the world have to open other people's stuff all the time."
Benio: "I don't think that matters here......"
I see a card in a plastic case in the top drawer.
Akihito: "............?"
A season ticket for getting to school, and behind it, a single picture.
Yamate's smiling. I've never seen that expression. Next to him is a girl with a faint air of determination.
Benio: "Is that his girlfriend?"
Akihito: "......maybe."
An ordinary classmate I don't remember. But just like everyone else, he has a life and plenty of connections I know nothing about.
I quietly take out the photo.
Akihito: "Do you know this girl?"
I show it to his mother.
Yamate's Mother: "......I'm not sure. I don't remember her. He never had very many friends, so......umm, where did you find this......?"
Akihito: "......"
Akihito: "......he left some stuff in the classroom......maybe I shouldn't have looked, but......"
I give an excuse. Not a good one.
Akihito: "I'm wondering if he might be crashing at her place."
Yamate's Mother: "Thank you for worrying so much about Yoshirou......"
Akihito: "......it's nothing."
Yamate's Mother: "If......you find out where Yoshirou might be, could you please call me?"
Akihito: "Yes, I definitely will."
Akihito: "I think we should get going now."
Benio: "Thank you for having us."
A seemingly normal house. A mother's concern for her son, and her son drifting away from her. A small space neither affluent or messy.
And yet......
―――I find that place so enviable.
====================H0230_猫と鼠の夜.json====================
We head back to the station.
Benio: "Akihito, I had no idea you were the class rep."
Akihito: "I don't remember becoming anything that annoying."
Needless responsibility. Putting a weight on your shoulders never ends well. I'm busy enough with my own problems.
Benio: "But isn't this the kind of thing class reps do? And you're leading our coμ too."
Akihito: "That doesn't count. I'm only the leader because everyone else would've been worse."
The shallower my relationships, the better. If I get in too deep, I'll just get hurt.
Akihito: "Also......that wasn't really about our class."
Benio: "It wasn't? I thought you said your teacher asked you to check on him."
She blinks, puzzled.
Akihito: "I just came to investigate something that was bothering me."
Akihito: "Remember the guy who bumped into me on the way home from the party last week?"
Benio: "A guy bumped into you......? I don't remember that very well......"
Benio's eyes swim around. Come to think of it, she was very distracted after hearing about me and Haru.
Akihito: "......someone did, and I think it might've been Yamate."
Benio: "Eeeh!? So that means he's a connector......?"
Akihito: "And then the fact that he's skipping school started bugging me......so I came here to learn more."
All we got out of it was this one photo.
According to his mother, Yamate stays out a lot without telling her.
If this is his girlfriend in the photo, that would explain why.
Benio: "Does the girl in that photo have something to do with it......?"
Akihito: "Who knows. She might be totally uninvolved. Hopefully this turns out to be nothing."
Benio: "......eheheh."
Benio suddenly laughs.
Akihito: "What?"
Benio: "Mmmm, it just seems so like you to help people like that, Akihito."
Akihito: "Not much point helping a guy though."
Benio: "So you are a womanizer......"
She pouts. Her expression starts changing.
Benio: "So what do we do?"
Akihito: "Find out who this girl is."
Benio: "But how? ......make a website asking for help?"
Akihito: "I'm gonna talk to an expert."
Akihito: "I know a certain someone who loves to learn people's dark secrets to use against them."
Benio: "Sounds like a weirdo."
Akihito: "Not quite."
I correct her.
Akihito: "She is definitely a weirdo."
I call Semimaru Kururi. I was sure she'd come to school today, but I was unlucky and missed her completely.
We agree to meet up at a rather late time. There's no point in going home, so Benio and I decide to kill some time together.
Benio: "A movie, then karaoke, then dinner......"
Akihito: "We did do a lot."
Benio: "............"
Benio folds her arms and makes a puzzled face.
Akihito: "What is it?"
Benio: "This is actually the first time I've hung out with a guy by myself......"
Benio goes red right away.
Benio: "Does this......count as a date......?"
Akihito: "......"
Benio: "I-I don't mean that, it's not like that, it's really not......I mean, that's not what I'm trying to say!"
As Benio agonizes, Kururi-senpai appears.
It's 11 PM. A school uniform in the business district late at night. It's bizarre and worrying, but it works on Kururi somehow.
Kururi: "Good day, meow."
Akihito: "Good day, meow."
Benio: "G-good day......meow?"
Benio forces herself to make the same weird greeting. She really didn't have to. Kururi is accompanied by an older girl with a bit too much makeup.
Older Girl: "Heya."
Akihito: "So who's that? Another "connection" you can't explain to me?"
Kururi: "Just a friend. We're not sisters or anything."
Akihito: "That much was obvious."
Older Girl: "Kururi can't go home right now so she's crashing at my place."
Must be related to why Kururi-chan disappeared. I get that she can't go home until things calm down, but I didn't think she'd be living like this.
Kururi: "Kururi-chan's just a cute pet right now. It's so fun being a pet though, letting someone else be dominant."
Benio: "S-scary."
Akihito: "Why not something normal like leather?"
Kururi: "That's not entirely unerotic either."
Older Girl: "I gotta get to work now. Kururi, buy whatever you want for breakfast tomorrow."
Kururi: "Meow, leave it to Kururi-chan. I'll buy another cat food bentou."
Older Girl: "Anything but that, please."
They bump fists in an American farewell before the older girl leaves.
The pleasure district at night has its own way of life. Izawa's probably out here somewhere.
Kururi: "So what are you gonna buy me today, Aki-chan?"
Akihito: "Nothing. I have a request."
Akihito: "I want to know who the girl in this picture is."
I show Kururi the photo.
The super-detective shakes her body from side to side.
Kururi: "Another girl, I see."
Benio: "Another!?"
Akihito: "It's not on purpose!!"
Kururi takes the photo. She spins around and looks at it from several angles, gazing at it in detail.
Kururi: "Normal clothes. This would be so easy if she was in her uniform."
Kururi: "Look at that smile. These two have to be an item. They're still in honeymoon mode so they hooked up within six months of this photo."
Akihito: "The boy is Yamate Yoshirou, from my class. He hasn't come to school in a while."
I glance at Benio, telling her to join in the conversation.
Benio: "Oh............? Oh......"
It's tough having a life full of secrets.
Kururi: "So you're worried about her, not Yamate-kun?"
Akihito: "Yes. Can you find her?"
Kururi: "I can, probably. After all, Kururi-chan is a super-detective. Hu! Hu! Hu! Huhuhuhuhu!"
Kururi spins around as she laughs.
Benio: "......are you sure she's okay?"
Akihito: "She's fine. She acts like her mind is broken but she gets the job done."
Benio: "So this is the fine line between a genius and a lunatic?"
Akihito: "That's giving her too much credit."
She's definitely no genius. No matter who says she is, I won't.
Kururi: "Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent cat!"
She spouts nonsense toward the heavens.
Akihito: "That makes no sense. Anyway, can you do it?"
Kururi: "Of course, of course. It's super simple for a super-detective. But why this girl? Are you targeting her next?"
Akihito: "Hell no!"
Akihito: "I'm trying to find out what happened to my classmate."
Kururi: "So why not ask me to find the boy?"
Akihito: "............"
Because if he is a connector, the cat may finally have to reap what she's sown.
Though it's possible the girl is a connector too.
Akihito: "Doesn't matter. Look for the girl."
Benio: "......womanizer."
Her eyes stab me from behind.
Akihito: "Why are you jumping to that!?"
Kururi: "So it's not just Kururi-chan thinking that."
Kururi: "Aki-chan is always surrounded by a pretty girl kouhai, a pretty girl senpai, and a pretty girl tsundere, so he's having the time of his life."
Benio: "I knew it! You are doing things with them!"
Akihito: "No I'm not!"
I'm impressed Senpai can call herself a pretty girl.
Kururi: "Oh, my sixth sense is kicking in! This girl――――"
Akihito: "What!? You have a sixth sense!?"
Kururi: "This girl is not a virgin!"
Akihito: "Gyaaaasu!"
A blood-curdling scream.
It takes ten minutes for me to calm down.
Kururi: "If my cute kouhai insists, then I have no choice. Kururi-chan will find this girl."
Akihito: "......I'm still worried."
Kururi: "......ah, can I ask you one other thing?"
Kururi starts walking away then spins around. She acts like an old detective who wants to retire after one last case.
Kururi: "What's her name?"
Kururi points to Benio, standing behind me.
Benio: "Ah......I'm Benio. Takekawa Benio."
I never introduced her. She bows her head after stating her name.
The cat tilts her head for a while, thinking about something.
Kururi: "I see, I see, Benio-chan. Got it. I'm Semimaru Kururi, super-detective. Don't forget the super part, and call me Kururi-chan-sama."
Benio: "Haa......"
Akihito: "......you don't have to, by the way."
Kururi: "Take care of my worthless and fickle kouhai."
Akihito: "Don't insult people just before leaving."
As usual, it's hard to predict Semimaru Kururi. The tiny girl disappears into a back alley.
It's late enough now that we should check when the last train leaves.
Akihito: "We've been out here a while."
Benio: "Yeah, I'm pretty tired after all the walking and other stuff we did."
Akihito: "Half of it was just goofing around though."
Benio and I walk slowly, relaxed, without any particular destination. It's been a while since I acted like a student and spent all day killing time like this.
Benio: "Hey, about that girl."
Akihito: "Kururi-chan-sama?"
Benio: "Yeah. I wasn't sure about her at first, but now I'm thinking that behavior makes her seem more like a truly skilled detective."
A strange form of praise.
Akihito: "You're the type to get scammed easily."
Benio: "I think being a little weird makes you more genuine."
Akihito: "That means she's already fooling you."
Benio: "There are a lot of different people here in the new heart. Like the old woman on my lifeline."
Akihito: "What kind of lifeline are you talking about?"
Benio: "An old woman who knows a lot about the new heart. It's a bit pricy, but she can find anyone or anything you want. Want her number?"
Benio opens her phone with one hand and shows me the number.
The heroic mascot on the end of strap shakes around.
A lifeline. If only an ally of justice really would appear and save people.
Akihito: "I don't feel like documenting the strange ecosystem of the business district right now."
I gaze at the sparse late-night crowds.
Benio grabs my arm casually.
Benio: "You're making a weird face again."
Benio takes no time at all to close in. She's defenseless. And yet she's never gone out with a guy, and she can't handle talking about sex. Or maybe that's why.
Akihito: "Come to think of it, those two......"
In the photo, Yamate and his girlfriend are holding hands just like me and Benio.
Yamate's smiling. He looks like he's having fun. He doesn't look a vaguely-defined ordinary character here. I was surprised to discover he had a girlfriend.
Akihito: "People never are what they appear to be."
Not Kururi.Not Yamate.
Benio: "That's true. Neither are you, Akihito."
Akihito: "Why me?"
Benio: "Why not? You look like a cool guy, Akihito, but you're kind."
Akihito: "......"
Benio: "And you're a man-slut."
Akihito: "Wait a minute."
Benio: "But you do the right thing a lot, Akihito."
Benio likes justice. She likes doing the right thing for the right reasons.
It's hard to tell what's right. Justice at one time and place can be evil somewhere else. Doing the right thing can easily produce evil.
Jack the Ripper――We defeated him, saving all of our lives.
We killed someone. We stole everything those people had. I've been told doing that is "evil."
The Coμnet considers the black dragon a hero for defeating that monster.
But defeating that monster showed the masses how powerless the Round Table is, which created the storm currently tormenting the Coμnet.
Akihito: "......I don't remember being that picky about my morals, nor do I want to be."
Benio: "Even now, you're doing your best to find out what happened to your classmate."
Akihito: "Because he might be in serious trouble......"
Benio: "But you have no evidence that he is."
Akihito: "............"
―――I remember the red color.
I remember the day I came to this town.
The past doesn't vanish. An unbreakable connection to the present. It comes back over and over, causing more pain.
I tried to let those memories rust and die, but I couldn't even follow through on that.
Benio: "You're spending a lot of time trying to find out what happened to him because he "might" be in trouble. Isn't that the sort of thing allies of justice do?"
Benio: "Yamate-kun isn't even a girl."
Akihito: "......if something happened to Yamate, his girlfriend might cry. I don't like making girls cry."
Benio: "Yes, yes, Mr. Feminist♪"
She smiles, as if she saw something adorable and praiseworthy. I feel strangely annoyed.
Benio: "I'm sure everyone has somebody who'd cry if they got hurt, who'd be happy when they got better."
Akihito: "Not everyone."
Everyone's alone. It's far from impossible for someone to live without being loved by anyone.
Benio: "His mother was worried about him."
Akihito: "Yeah."
Benio: "Family......"
She squeezes my arm.
Benio: "I hope nothing's happened to Yamate-kun."
Akihito: "......that'd be the best outcome."
People's lives can change easily in this gentle kingdom, where everything is equal, unreasonable and irrational.
Benio: "It's getting late. Should we head home soon? I still feel like doing something else tonight."
I remember something and take out my cell phone.
Akihito: "Come to think of it, I forgot to tell Kagome I'd be late. She hasn't called me so I guess it's okay."
Benio: "Mmm."
Akihito: "So what do you want to do? ......if anything."
Akihito: "Most places are gonna be closed by now......"
I look around, and find a slightly dubious building. Might as well get her back for laughing at me earlier. I point at that building and say......
Akihito: "Wanna take a break in there?"
Benio: "Oh............"
I'm pointing at what looks like a white castle. It's a love hotel.
Benio: "........................"
She goes red and freezes up. She looks down and her shoulders quiver. I'm getting used to Benio reacting like this.
Benio: "............
okay.Let's go."
Akihito: "............"
I freeze up.
Benio: "What's......wrong?"
Akihito: "......what?"
Benio: "I said let's go."
She says coldly, still looking down. She's red up to her ears, but she's determined not to take a single step back.
Akihito: ".................."
Now that she's accepted I can't really say it was a joke.
Benio: "......so let's go. Are you wimping out?"
Akihito: "N-no, of course not. Let's go."
Benio: "Okay......"
We walk awkwardly toward the love hotel.
====================H0240_紅緒とのＨ・脱処女編.json====================
Benio: ".................."
Akihito: ".................."
A room in the love hotel, with the right coloring to set the mood.
This highly specialized room isn't overdecorated at all. It's actually quite simple.
I've been to places like this before, but I feel tense anyway. My eyes move around, unsure what to look at.
Reproductions of paintings on the walls. Pale curtains. A tapestry at the front of the bed. 
The two pillows lined up on the bed almost seem to be screaming, "Yep, that's what we're here for!"
Benio: "......"
Benio hasn't opened her mouth once since we got here. Not when we walked through the entrance, designed to keep the interior hidden from the outside. Not when we chose the room. Not when we got in the elevator.
She's been looking down the entire time.
We're in the room now, but she's still frozen. We sit down on the bed. She's still stiff. It's starting to make me tense too.
Akihito: "......Benio?"
Benio: "Hyaayawa!?"
Akihito: "Wait, calm down."
She's way too twitchy. She shouldn't be forcing herself to come in if she's that bothered by it.
Akihito: "I-it's fine, we're just here to take a break."
We have two hours for that. These days some hotels come with karaoke boxes and game consoles. We could just kill time here, and it'd still be good experience for Benio.
Benio: "Y-you're right! We don't have that much time, so we'd better......hurry......and......take a break."
Akihito: "Hey now."
I try to tell her not to force it, but she doesn't notice, and moves a little closer to me.
The bed creaks.
Amidst the oddly moist air in the hotel, I can smell Benio's body. If you keep doing this, I really will assault you. Men are beasts.
Akihito: "Benio, you......haven't done this before, right?"
Benio: "Y-yeah, but I'll try! Everyone has a first time, after all!!!"
She tries to be positive. Her gaze is extremely hot-blooded.
Akihito: "Leaning forward doesn't make you any more persuasive......"
Benio: "U-ummm! First, I'll take a shower!!"
Akihito: "O-okay."
Benio: "..................I'll kill you if you peek."
Akihito: "I'm gonna see it all later anyway."
Benio: "R-r-r-r-......right, that's right......you're right......all of......it......!"
Akihito: "You don't have to think about it."
Benio: "Y-yeah......umm......could we......shower together?"
Akihito: "......we could, but... well, isn't that a bit advanced? You might kill yourself."
Benio: "I might......die?"
Akihito: "Just go in already."
Benio: "O-okay! Wait for me here......"
Akihito: "Will do......"
Benio disappears into the bathroom with red ears. Actually, her whole body is red.
Akihito: "Hmm......"
I lie on the bed. I think I can hear movement and talking from the next room, even though I'm pretty sure the walls aren't that thin...
I'm really not sure what exactly set Benio off tonight.
But I've been told people used to say that no self-respecting man would refuse a woman's advances.
Akihito: "......I could just ignore it, but..."
The shallower my relationships, the better. Benio's serious about everything she does, which makes me hesitant. Should I pretend to fall asleep before she gets back?
Benio: "Ah, Akihito......no falling asleep, okay?"
The moment I roll over and close my eyes, Benio comes back from the bathroom.
Akihito: "H-huh? Is something wrong?"
Benio: "I forgot......my towel."
Akihito: "O-okay. Don't worry, I'm awake."
Benio: "Yeah. Anyway, I'll take a quick shower and come right back......"
Akihito: "Okay......"
This time Benio disappears into the bathroom like a gopher shooting back down into its hole.
After a few very long minutes......
Benio: "I'm back......"
Akihito: "Ah......"
Benio returns, wearing nothing but a bath towel. I was expecting her to dress up a bit more.
Her wet, glistening hair hangs down, accentuating the curves of her shoulders and arms. Her soap smells nice.
I can't help but imagine her naked flesh beneath that single layer of cloth. Her chest just barely makes itself known through the towel. She's giving off the sweet smell of a girl's skin.
Benio: "......Don't......stare so much... It's embarrassing......"
Akihito: "Sorry...... Wait......like I said before, we're gonna be seeing each other naked anyway."
Benio: "That's...true, but......"
A quiet room, without the white noise of the shower. The clock on the bedside table clicks loudly. I can't stand being silent for long.
Akihito: "......what day is it tomorrow?"
Benio: "Wednesday......"
Akihito: "So you have school. Are you sure we should be doing this?"
Benio: "I'll skip tomorrow......"
So much for that. I tried to ease her into the idea of not doing it after all, but she didn't let me.
Akihito: "............"
Sadly, I've been reacting to Benio's smell and exposed flesh for a while.
The silence hurts my ears.
Benio's head hangs down as she looks up at me. Her eyes are wet.
A sweet numbness. I feel like I've been shot through the heart. The smells of soap and flesh make me dizzy.
Since we've come this far――I'm done worrying about it.
Akihito: "Benio."
Benio: "Uhi!?"
I suddenly say something, and she jumps with shock.
Akihito: "......are you okay?"
Benio: "Eh? Ah......ah......my throat's...dry......that's all."
Akihito: "There's some drinks in the fridge. They're a bit pricy though."
Benio: "Eh? No! It's fine! That's okay! I don't want anything expensive! I'm not that thirsty!"
Akihito: "Benio."
I put a hand on her shoulder. She's shaking, but she's not backing away.
Benio: "O-......okay......"
She bites her lower lip and looks up at me, nodding. I slowly push her onto the bed.
Benio: "Uwa, uwa......uwa......what do I do......?"
Akihito: "......do you not want to?"
I would feel kinda sad if she said no now, but......
Benio: "Not that...... I'm just a little...scared......"
Benio holds her chest and shakes her head.
Akihito: "It's your first time. I'll be as gentle as I can."
Benio: "Okay......Akihito, kiss me......"
I touch my lips to hers, as if covering her up.
Benio: "Mm............"
A light kiss. I gradually go deeper, eventually ravaging her sweet lips.
Benio: "Unn......mm, mmm......u, uuu!? Hu! Hu, hu!"
At first, Benio's lips were tense and tightly shut. As I gently tickle them with my tongue, she timidly responds.
Benio: "Mm......hu, n......*kiss* Mm......huu......mm! Mm......mha......*kiss* *kiss* Mm......"
Unlike all of our previous, playful kisses, this one is part of foreplay, so I gently insert my tongue.
Benio: "Nnn......!?"
Her eyes open with surprise as a man's tongue enters her for the first time.
Benio: "Mm............"
I smile at her with my eyes, still kissing. Her eyes shake uneasily for a while, but they slowly close again.
Benio: "Mm......*kiss* Mm......*kiss* Mm......mm......*kiss* *kiss*......mm......"
Benio's tongue is still shrinking back inside her mouth, but I twist around it anyway.
Benio: "Mmm......! *kiss*......mm......*lick* Mm......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......"
As our saliva mixes, I reach for her towel.
I move from her chest to the seam, and slide it a few millimeters before she feels it and puts her hand on mine.
Benio: "Mmha......"
Her eyes aren't focusing, making me uneasy.
Akihito: "Benio, I'm going to take the towel off."
Benio: "O-......okay......"
Benio begrudgingly removes her hand. She's so tense, her body is stiff.
I slowly pull off her towel.
Benio: "Ha......"
Her breathing is barely audible. She can't endure the shame of being naked, and covers her face with her hands.
Benio: "Hau......th-this really is......scary......"
Akihito: "Not embarrassing?"
Benio: "That too."
Akihito: "By the way, even I can't stop after coming this far......"
As a man, it's thoroughly impossible.
Benio: "Yeah, I know......I don't want you to stop. I want you to do it......"
Akihito: "............"
Benio's healthy, desperate motions are stimulating me a bit.
I touch the small chest she's always worried about.
Benio: "Ah......!"
She gasps just from my palm touching her.
I gently caress her chest, trying to get her flesh used to my hands.
Benio: "Ha......uuuun......hau......A-Akihito......you're touching my chest......au...uuu......"
I squeeze them with my palms, since there isn't enough there to sink my fingers into.
Then I use both of my hands to move them around in circles, feeling two little protrusions slowly harden under my fingers.
Benio: "Haa, haa, haa......aau, mm......mm......hu, hua......ah......mmhu...nn......"
I can feel Benio's heartbeat beneath her quivering chest.
Akihito: "Your heart's beating really hard."
Benio: "O-of course......it is......! You're......touching me......hau, mm......mmmu!"
She's twitching this much just from her chest. What would happen if I reached down?
To satisfy my curiosity, tease her, and fulfill my desires, I slide one hand down her body.
Benio: "Ah......! Mm, mhu......mm......hiuuu!"
When I pass her stomach, her whole body shakes. She's really sensitive from being so tense.
Benio: "Haa, haa, haa, haa......aau, mm......Akihitooo......I'm scared......"
Akihito: "Don't be scared. I'll be gentle. There's nothing to be afraid of."
It's cute how much she reacts to the smallest things.
I move farther down, caressing her thighs.
I touch her gently and cautiously. She seems to shiver wherever my hand moves.
Benio: "Mm! Huunn......ha, ah......au...mm......huuun......nnn......"
Benio's hips twist, like a little child about to cry.
I move my hand down to her abdomen, taking detours right and left, and then arrive at her most sensitive spot.
Benio: "Ha, aaah......! Aau...y-your hand......!"
Akihito: "What about it?"
Benio: "Akihito, you're......almost touching it......"
Akihito: "We can't do much if I don't touch it."
Benio: "Uuuuuu......softly, okay? Softly......a-and, please......don't......l-look too much."
Akihito: "......too much, hmm."
That's probably impossible. Benio's so sensitive I can't caress her properly just by groping around blindly.
I start touching her there gently, making sure not to hurt her or overstimulate her.
Benio: "Ah......!"
Benio bends backward.
Fluid is just barely leaking out through her thick, hot labia.
Benio: "Haa......ah, aaa......Akihitooo......I-I'm scared......!"
Akihito: "It's not scary."
I reassure Benio and spread that fluid around her crevice.
I make an effort not to reach inside her, but Benio's shaking just from having her outsides rubbed.
Benio: "Ha, auu, ah, ah, ah......! Hyau, uu, uuuuuu......mm! Mmm! Funyaaaaa............"
I move around, careful not to touch her sensitive clitoris, rubbing plenty of her fluids all around her crotch.
I then open up two of my fingers and start gently rubbing the sides of her crevice.
Benio: "Ha, ah, auuu......! This is, mm......mmm! Hyauu! Mm......muu......ah, ah......!"
I gradually narrow those fingers, touching her entrance.
As I rub the sides of her crevice, I kiss her chest. 
Benio: "Ah, ahaaa......! A-Aki...hitooo......! Nooo......no, nonnn! Don't play with that, or I'll, mm!"
Akihito: "We won't be able to do it if I don't."
I haven't even put my fingers inside yet, but she's already shaking her hair into a mess.
She's not enjoying it so much as subconsciously refusing to accept this stimulation.
Benio: "Hu! Uuuunn......!! Ah, no, no......no, Akihitoooo......ah, no, no! Don't...put......your fingers......mmmmmmm......!"
I bend my middle finger and invade Benio's insides. I'm surprised by how hot it is.
Benio: "Ah, no, no, aaaaaaaa......! Hnnnnn, it's...inside......haa, haa, haa......"
Her soft, slimy flesh writhes, guiding my finger deeper inside. However, her tight vagina is painfully constricting, refusing to let me in.
At this rate, I won't be able to get all the way in her.
Akihito: "This might hurt a bit, so tell me if it does."
Benio: "Hue......? M-more than......fuaaaaaa......!"
I change the angle of my finger. I start rubbing both sides, trying to open her up.
Benio: "Hya! Mmhua! Ah, nnnnn! D-don't do that, that's, no! T-too tight......ah, ah......!"
Benio freaks out, one arm flailing in an effort to grab my hand. If she bumps into me the wrong way I might hurt her insides.
Akihito: "So much for that."
I pull out my finger for now.
Benio: "Aha......! I-it's out......haa, haa, haa......"
This is still just foreplay, but she's completely out of breath.
Akihito: "......you're way too sensitive......have you never even touched yourself before?"
Benio: "Not......that much... Not really...... I-it's embarrassing......"
She sounds like she's about to cry. She really hasn't done anything like this before.
Akihito: "......if fingers are too much, I'll try something milder."
Benio: "Milder......?"
Akihito: "I'll use my tongue for now. That won't hurt, right?"
Benio: "Eh? Eeeeeeeh!? L-lick me!? With your tongue!? N-no no no no! Absolutely not! Don't do that!"
I grab Benio by the hips as she tries to back away.
Benio: "No......stop, stop, stoooop!"
Akihito: "Not happening."
I move my face closer to her crotch.
Benio: "W-wait! N-nooo! That's too embarrassing! I'll die! R-really! Really, don't! Please, Akihitooo......!"
I raise my head and see tears in her eyes.
Akihito: "Fine......so, Benio, should we stop here for today?"
Benio: "Eh......? N-no way......! Weren't you just saying we came this far......?"
Akihito: "But there's no way I'll be able to get in like this. It's going to hurt like hell if I don't do something to you first."
Benio: "Uu......but......don't lick me......that's too embarrassing......"
Benio bites her lip and her eyes water again. Despite her face, her body seems excited.
Her nipples are still hard, which seems strangely erotic given the contrast with her attitude.
Akihito: "Then should I try sticking a finger in again?"
Benio: "Uu......not that either......"
Akihito: "Then we can't do it."
Benio: "Y-yes we can! Just......put it in, Akihito......you can force it, just......"
Akihito: "Force it......?"
I don't think that's going to work, but she looks so determined my body reacts a little.
Men are so simple......
I swallow the saliva in the back of my throat while cursing my body.
Benio: "I'll deal with the pain......okay? Just do it......"
Akihito: "............"
How am I supposed to refuse after a girl says that?
Akihito: "......all right. No crying even if it hurts, okay?"
Benio: "Okay......!"
Benio: "Auu......I told you not to look......"
Akihito: "Yeah, but it's so tight I have to look at it to make sure it's getting in."
Benio: "Uuuu......this is the most embarrassing day of my life."
My thing is ready to spring up at any moment so I hold it down with one hand and touch it to Benio's entrance.
The tip touches her wet labia. Pleasure shoots through me like a tiny electrical shock.
Akihito: "......Benio, I'm coming in......this may not work, but try to relax."
Benio: "Okay......come in, Akihito......"
Akihito: "Mm......!"
It doesn't feel like I'm going to get anywhere, but I grab Benio's body and pull her toward me.
It's so tight I can practically hear her insides stretching out. I force my way in.
Benio: "Hiuu......mm......u......! Mmmmm......!!"
Blood oozes out, and Benio lets out a gasp.
Just a little more. If I can just get the tip inside, I should be able to get all the way in with one thrust.
Benio: "Hiu......nuuu......hi! Hii, mmm......!! Mm! Uu......!"
Akihito: "Not much...longer......!"
I move my hips left and right, trying to worm my way into her.
I then put enough strength in my hips to move even deeper in, and my tip slides roughly into Benio's insides.
Benio: "Hiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa............!!!!"
I knit my brows and endure Benio's scream.
I hold her body down so she doesn't cause herself any more pain by flailing around.
Benio: "Ow! Ow! Ow! It hurts, it hurts, it hurts! Hiu, nn! Uu, i-i-it's tear-...ing me............!!"
Akihito: "Are you okay!? Benio, should I pull out!?"
Benio: "N-no......don't...do that......!"
She doesn't want me to pull out, but is she really okay?
Akihito: "Okay, a little further......"
I shift my body weight toward her to push in. Now that my tip's in, that's enough to get sucked deeper inside.
Benio: "Mmuu......mm............! Mmm......muu......hau, hau, hau............ha! Haa! Ha! Haa! Haa! Haa! Haa............ah......haaa............"
Akihito: "......you okay?"
I've finally gotten all of it inside of her. She's so firm and tight it's hurting me too.
Benio: "Huu......haa......huu......haa......o-okay, I think......I'm okay now......"
Her breathing is intermittent. She says she's okay, but her forehead is covered with sweat.
Akihito: "Well done. You're a woman now. But trying to do any more will probably just hurt, so I'll pull out now."
She's clearly not okay, so I want to end this as quickly as possible.
Benio: "N-no!"
I try to pull out from her, but Benio clings to me and won't let go.
Benio: "O-owowow......it hurts, but don't pull out. We haven't done anything yet."
Benio: "I want to make you feel good, Akihito......and......make you cum......"
I keep trying to stop her, but Benio refuses to back down in the slightest.
Benio: "So......please, move......Akihitooo......y-you can be rough if you want......"
Something inside me shatters into a million pieces.
Akihito: "O-......okay."
Sweet nothings from the girl I'm physically connected to. I can't hold back anymore.
That was my very last line of defense, but Benio completely destroyed my last vestiges of reason.
Benio: "Akihitooo......"
Akihito: "I won't stop anymore, okay? Don't blame me if it hurts! Okay? You're sure about this?"
Benio: "Yes......"
She nods, her eyes wet from pain.
Benio's cheeks are a light red. Right now she's cuter than any girl I've ever known.
That completely removes whatever trace of reason I had left.
I pull my hips back and start thrusting like a piston.
Benio: "Ow! OWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!"
Akihito: "Eh......?"
Akihito: "Hebuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!?"
Her wildly flailing arms turn into backhanded strikes with lethal power, and one scores a clean hit on the bridge of my nose.
Akihito: "Ouch......I think my nose is bent......"
Benio: "......sorry...I'm really sorry......"
Benio bows to the ground in apology.
Akihito: "Is it normal to hit the guy......?"
Benio: "......y-you made me bleed first......Akihito......"
Akihito: "Is that the issue here......?"
My nose bled ten times more than Benio. The bed's covered with it. Sorry, janitors.
Benio: "......b-but......we have done it now, right?"
Akihito: "Well, technically. Very technically."
Benio: "Technically's fine. I'm finally a non-virgin!!"
Akihito: "Is that really something to celebrate....?"
Benio: "Sure it is. Girls have lots on their mind."
Benio smiles happily, the complete opposite of her expression a minute ago.
I clean up my nosebleed with some tissues.
I look at myself in the mirror. My nose is bright red now.
====================H0250_ロンドと社会勉強.json====================
Once again, Yamate doesn't come to school.
I ask some people in class, but none of them seem to know where he is or anyone who might know him better.
Everyone says he's just an "ordinary guy."
Akihito: "Okay, time for me to get going."
I have work at Izalone tonight. I'm on the graveyard shift so I decided to eat dinner at home.
Whether Yamate's here or not, the world continues spinning at a dizzying speed.
Kagome: "Akihito."
Kagome's monopolizing the sofa again. She closes the magazine she was reading and looks up. The title is "You can do it too! Japan's Top 100 Buddha Statues."
......do what exactly?
Kagome stands up without a sound. A beautiful childhood friend wearing nothing but a T-shirt. A man's fantasy come to life.
Kagome: "You're hiding something, Akihito."
Akihito: "It's the bogiemaaaaan!!!"
By the way, the bogieman is a knife-wielding immortal serial murderer from some old famous horror novel. His trademark plastic mask and knife are exceptionally creepy.
Akihito: "Gyaaaa!?"
I run.
She clutches my shoulder from behind.
Kagome: "You're better off telling me everything before I do something irreversible."
Akihito: "What the hell does that mean!?"
Kagome: "Huhu."
She smiles like an angel.Scary! This is far scarier than when she threatens me!
Akihito: "Why would I ever hide something from you, Kagome?"
Flawless monotone.
Kagome: "Akihito, since childhood you've always blinked twice when you were lying."
Akihito: "Seriously!?"
Kagome: "Of course not. You really are stupid, Akihito."
Akihito: "Uu! Why do I keep falling for such basic............!!"
Hiding――
My nose still hurts from Benio's attack. Kagome wasn't here when I got back from the hotel. For some reason, I let myself assume I got away with it.
Akihito: "W-wait."
Kagome: "Don't worry, Akihito. I'll have you crying and begging to tell me everything in no time."
That's not reassuring at all!
Akihito: "Do you have no compassion?"
Kagome: "I have as much of that as the atmosphere has carbon dioxide."
Akihito: "So global warming should be making you more――Dowa!?"
She pushes me down onto the sofa, and bears down on me wearing nothing but a shirt. The witch is superlatively cruel yet her skin is so hot it burns me.
Akihito: "――!"
――――Ah.
This is bad. I didn't get to finish yesterday.
My body's locked down and being twisted around, but I have to hide it while fighting her at the same time.
Kagome: "The night of the party."
Akihito: "......huh?"
Kagome: "......why do you look disappointed?"
Akihito: "No, no, it's nothing."
She wasn't referring to last night.Peace.
Kagome: "You never told us what happened that night, Akihito."
She's referring to my fight with Gasai.
Kagome: "Is it something you can't tell even me?"
Wet lips. A voice as sweet as nectar. Hair as black as night.
The witch carries only poisoned apples. I know that, but I still feel the urge to reach for one.
The secret that Gasai is Caesar. I search for a reason to voice that tremendous bombshell.
Since it involved our avatar, it affects the other four, not just me. If Babylon gets destroyed, all five of us go with it.
Akihito: "......I don't want to say."
Kagome: "Why not?"
I'm hiding something. In a sense, that means I'm betraying my friends."Friends"――?
A coμ of five connected people. An ambiguous group without purpose. We don't have the unity or the trust required to call each other friends.
I have no reason to hide it, but I can't bring myself to tell anyone. That makes me feel guilty.
Akihito: "............I'm not sure."
I don't understand why I'm hiding it, or why I feel guilty about it.
Kagome: "That's highly illogical."
Akihito: "......I thought I was a more rational guy than this."
Kagome: "You've been full of holes lately, Akihito. Just like cheese a cat and mouse are fighting over."
I've been full of holes for a long time. I've never been able to fill the void created by that first knife.
The world is too gentle. Even our wounds are eroded away by our daily lives.
Kagome lets go of me. Her hot flesh moves away.
Akihito: "You aren't gonna torture me?"
Kagome: "I'm your dere dere childhood friend."
Kagome: "I would never torture the Akihito I love so much."
Akihito: "Why do you always lie about that?"
Kagome: "Because I'm your partner."
She might rain spears on me tomorrow.
I sit back down on the sofa. Kagome takes up position next to me. She crosses her legs, her dangerous lack of attire unchanged.
Akihito: "I have one question too."
Kagome: "What is it?"
Akihito: "It's about that revolutionary charade from the party."
Kagome: "It was like some boys were so happy their daddy bought knives for them that they snapped and started killing each other."
Akihito: "I doubt they want to hear that from a woman who swings knives around for no reason herself."
Kagome: "Two is a conflict. Three is a cabal."
Akihito: "......humans are the same wherever you go."
There are gaps between people, which malice and animosity can seep into no matter how small. The seeds of strife can thrive anywhere.
That's why we make rules and protect each other.
For example, a family might have a rule that everyone gets the same amount of cake. If there are two children, it gets cut in half. If there are ten, it gets cut into ten even pieces.
If one of the ten is stronger than the others, then he can ignore the rules, beat up the other nine and have all of the cake.
Rules are inseparable from punishment.
Punishments aren't about retribution, but setting prices. The worse the punishment for breaking the rule, the higher the price of breaking it. If that price is higher than what you stand to gain, there's no longer any point in breaking it. 
If no one's there to punish them, nothing holds people back but their trivial rationality and shreds of a conscience.
Kagome: "I'm impressed it lasted two years."
Akihito: "The Round Table must've done a lot of things right."
Kagome: "The riffraff don't care about the details when things are going well."
An iron law of the world. No one cares until something lights a fire under them.
If you have to fight to protect every drop of water you drink, then the slightest wounds become serious threats.
The more connectors there are, the more coμs there are――
The world gets more cramped, everyone's interests become more complicated, and clashes of opinion become more fierce.
Kagome: "It was going to catch fire sooner or later."
Gasai said the same thing.
I can see the street lights flicker through the curtain behind me. Red, blue, yellow, green――A swarm of lights made of wishes and desires.
Cowardly people are the most common thing in the world. I'm one of them.
When people get cornered, the first one to pull the trigger won't be a hero, but a weakling who couldn't endure the terror any longer."I might get shot. No one's going to protect me."
It's always scary to face the world as it really is. The monster called truth devours the minds of cowards.
Akihito: "I need to study the Coμnet a bit more."
Kagome: "You just finished fighting Jack the Ripper for the sake of justice. Are you going to fight for peace next?"
The witch teases. The "justice" of defeating Jack has merely spawned a new storm.
Akihito: "......I'm not gonna do anything that stupid. I'm leaving love, friendship, justice, peace and whatnot to Benio."
Kagome: "Benio."
Akihito: "――――"
The hairs on the back of my neck stand up. Did I do something to make her suspicious?
I don't think so...... I should be fine.
Kagome: "Don't worry, Akihito. I'm quite forgiving of adultery."
Akihito: "I-I didn't say anything like that......"
It feels like she's clutching my heart.
Kagome: "So where were we?"
Akihito: ".........I...was thinking I need to study the Coμnet a bit more."
I stand straight up like a tiny kid on the first day of class.
Akihito: "I don't want to blindly accept what I've been told so far, so I'm gonna call someone else and get their viewpoint."
Kagome: "Who?"
Akihito: "The girl who's familiar with Coμnet and light on her feet."
Kagome: "......that one?"
Akihito: "That one."
Akihito: "And thus, I brought "that one.""
Rondo: "I'm not sure I like being referred to as "that one.""
Rondo Rondo. The brown-skinned princess runs her fingers through her bright blonde hair.
Akihito: "Those details aside......"
We swapped phone numbers at the party. She said yes immediately after I explained my request.
Akihito: "Everyone needs friends who are willing to help out."
Rondo: "Friends, huh. I didn't realize we were that close already."
Kagome: "Akihito's always extra nice to women, but to men he's cold and blunt."
Akihito: "So you're the one helping Ayaya lower everyone's opinion of me."
Rondo: "Didn't you say others would be coming?"
Kagome and I are the only ones here today.
I did ask everyone else, but it's a weekday, and we were all out late last night.
Mayuki and Haru were busy. Izawa was his usual self.
Benio......seemed awkward, I guess. Anyway, she couldn't come.
Iroha: "They're gonna be missing out."
Rondo will be showing us around, and Iroha came along with her.
Akihito: "Are you gonna be guiding us too, Kimizuka?"
Iroha: "No, no, I'm here for something else. I just followed Rondo since she was going the same way."
Iroha: "Rondo does all sorts of weird things when I'm not watching her. It's exhausting being her partner."
Iroha looks up at the sky.
Rondo: "......should you be saying that in front of people?"
Akihito: "......"
Kagome: "Is there something you want to say?"
Akihito: "......no, not really."
We have very different partners.
Iroha: "I'd like to join you guys, but I'm busy today, so I don't have the time."
Iroha: "Anyway, take care of Rondo for me today. 'Kay?"
Akihito: "'Kay, I accept."
We bump fists.
Iroha raises her right hand as she speeds off into the crowds.
Rondo: "Geez, will she ever stop......? She's not my mom."
Akihito: "She's just worried about you. Isn't that a good trait for a friend to have?"
Rondo: "......I guess."
She turns around, embarrassed. The princess is surprisingly sensitive.
Kagome: "So where are we going?"
Rondo folds her arms elegantly and tilts her head a little as she thinks.
Rondo: "I'd like to say wherever you two want, but I take it neither of you has a place in mind."
Akihito: "That's why we need to learn more."
Rondo: "Do you have a lot of time? In that case, I'll try to fit in as many places as possible."
We start walking, with Rondo leading.
The clear sky is narrow and blue.
That cobalt blue hangs comfortably over the layer of exhaust gas above the buildings.
It's almost summer. Even the wind blowing through the alley carries faint signs of the upcoming heat.
Akihito: "By the way, where does your coμ stand, Rondo?"
Rondo: "Us? Same as you. We're striders."
Akihito: "You seem like the type who might change into a king."
Though Rondo's a princess so she'd probably be a queen.
The brown skin and blonde hair pass through the city serenely, like a boat with a gorgeous glowing sail. She stands straight up and faces forward. A queen's crown would look good on her.
Kagome: "Get some tonfas and go on a rampage."
Says the agent who swings knives around by default.
Akihito: "Sounds like something Mayuki would suggest."
We look absentmindedly at the buildings along the street. Several of the signs have anime-style designs on them.
Rondo: "Striders."
Rondo: "That's the slang term for coμs that haven't joined the Round Table. It's a pain to say "coμs not in the Round Table" all the time."
Rondo: "Your coμ hasn't joined either, right? So you're striders."
Akihito: "You seem to know a lot about us."
Rondo: "You guys are famous."
Akihito: "Do you dislike the Round Table?"
Rondo: "What makes you say that?"
Akihito: "You haven't joined them either."
Rondo stops at a red crosswalk light.
Rondo: "I don't really like them. All sorts of people have joined, but the majority always seem to be spewing outdated ideas. They're a pain to deal with."
Akihito: "Thought so."
It's never easy for a large group to start or stop moving. The law of inertia applies to non-physical objects too.
The Round Table is so big now that it simply can't change overnight.
Trading safety and stability for speed. Risk and reward are always two sides of the same coin.
Akihito: "Where are we going now?"
Rondo: "A safe house."
She keeps pulling out new Coμnet slang terms.
Akihito: "If we can save, I hope there's at least a hundred slots."
Kagome: "You have a bad habit of gathering things you'll never use, Akihito."
Akihito: "......I feel like I'm missing something if I don't have them."
Kagome: "Which gives away what a small man you are. Though you're also bottomless, so size doesn't matter."
Akihito: "......what the hell does that mean?"
Rondo: "I can't come up with a hundred, but there are quite a few of these."
Akihito: "Safe houses, you mean?"
Rondo: "Yeah. They're just places where coμs tend to hang out when they want to talk to other connectors. Everything from restaurants to karaoke boxes to cafes."
Rondo: "If we're lucky, someone might be there."
Akihito: "So they have offline meetings there."
Akihito: "What do normal coμs normally do?"
I'm not sure if "normal" means anything here, but......
Rondo: "What do you do?"
Kagome: "Akihito plays with women a lot."
Akihito: "Please don't say things that make me sound bad."
Total monotone.
Rondo: "Hmmm."
She tells me with her eyes that she thinks worse of me now.
Akihito: "......so what do you happen to do with your time?"
I say weakly.
Rondo: "I'm trying to say everyone does different things."
Rondo: "Most of us just live like normal people, though there are some who turn to crime, and some who start small businesses selling to other coμs, and others who form teams...... There's a little of everything."
Akihito: "......humans never change."
We pass by the large bookshop in front of the station. The glass window has a poster for a new light novel that went on sale this month."You'll meet your destiny――"
A good slogan. Brightly-colored heroines strike poses as if rushing forward to fight something.
We're clearly missing something.
Girl A――
The nameless singing princess connected us to avatars, but didn't give us any guidance afterward.
Heroes have a stage prepared for them. Something they need to conquer. A magical, demonic force eating away at the world without the people's knowledge. Something worth burning into the ground with the flames of vengeance.
The first and last piece, more important than any other.
―――A destiny.
The coμs were just released into the wild. They have no promises to fulfill, but were given the power to tear apart the old kingdom.
It's been two years since the Coμnet formed.
An invisible kingdom of people connected by the fact that they have avatars. We can't find any places to go or enemies to defeat, so we just spread out aimlessly.
A stable but unhealthy situation. Like Kagome said, it's impressive that it's lasted this long.
Akihito: "......"
I'm used to seeing the city's sky, but I can't tell it apart from the sky's true color.
Gasai: （You don't kill as an unintended consequence. When you shoot, you know it's going to kill.）
Gasai's words come to mind.
I'm stubborn, small and weak. I stand on a street on the north side, made to resemble foreign countries that I've never visited.
Kagome's waiting for me a short distance ahead. She's selfish, uncute and looks down on everyone, so that doesn't suit her at all. 
Akihito: "It's tough not knowing where you're going."
Kagome: "Such weakness. It's nauseating. Stay away from me."
Akihito: "I can help with your bulimic diet then."
I walk faster. For now, I'm trying to catch up to Rondo.
Round Table Member: "Umm, I get that, but being a member doesn't necessarily mean I'm......"
Round Table Member: "Well, I don't really have an answer to that. At first, I didn't know right from left, and then they told me everything they knew, so I felt like I should join. That's it."
Round Table Member: "Yeah, I can't say this too loudly, but there are a lot of annoying things about them. I don't think they can help it though."
Round Table Member: "Eh? Rebellions? No, no, I've got nothing to do with that. I'd never go that far. I attend their meetings and everything."
Round Table Member: "Besides, I haven't even been able to meet with my coμ much lately. We've all been active at different times of the day."
Round Table Member: "Believe it or not, we used to go pretty far as a big group together. Yeah, for avatar practice. It was tough to control at first."
Round Table Member: "It'd draw too much attention in the city, so on weekends we'd rent a car and go to some deserted mountain or wherever. Of course we don't do anything like that these days."
Round Table Member: "Rebellions......I hear a lot about that lately. What a pain. There was even a guy talking about that on a site I frequent. Are you sure they aren't just blaming the Round Table for things that aren't their fault?"
Strider Boy: "Eh? Why didn't I join? Well, because I didn't like them."
Strider Boy: "Remember all that fuss over Jack the Ripper? In the end, those guys didn't do a damn thing about him."
Strider Boy: "And they're always acting high and mighty. Somehow, they're even worse than the alumni from my club. They toss out orders like they have every right to be in charge."
Strider Boy: "In fact, we did join the Round Table at first. I guess it was partly for Nanase-san's looks, but we couldn't handle it in the long run. We left after three months."
Strider Boy: "Heheh! Yeah, I do play around with it sometimes. Gotta use it for something. I do try to make sure no one sees it though."
Strider Boy: "Well, the other connectors I know read a lot of magazine articles about the yakuza and the Korean and Chinese mafias, so this one time we tried to hold up a convenience store."
Strider Boy: "I know... We're never doing that again. It was such a pain to get away, and drew so much attention. It wasn't worth it."
Strider Boy: "Huh? Isn't that the Round Table's fault? They've been having their way over everything so it's time for them to pay. It felt good."
Caesar Fangirl: "Yeah, we changed recently. We used to be striders. Yes, exactly...... We just didn't like how stiff they were."
Caesar Fangirl: "I know, I know, the Round Table can be so whiny and picky sometimes. Tell us your email, use polite speech, every damn time..... Some of their "higher-ups" have even gone to girls' houses......"
Caesar Fangirl: "But now we have Caesar. Isn't he cool? ......yeah, yeah, that's right. Eeeh? I dunno, some say he's actually a girl."
Caesar Fangirl: "Eeeh? Why are there four of us? Well......I'm pretty sure he's alive. Dunno, it's been a while......"
Caesar Fangirl: "No, not really. At first we were getting together all the time......hanging out, going to karaoke and stuff......you know? Yeah, yeah, our tastes didn't match, so we eventually stopped."
Caesar Fangirl: "We're not ignoring each other......not really. We never really talked that much anyway. We just didn't have much in common. Nothing you can do about that."
Caesar Fangirl: "About that, she was pretty funny. She'd trick pervy old men into going into alleys then threaten them into giving her stuff. And if it gets bad it only takes a little stroking to make them pipe down."
Caesar Fangirl: "Recent rebellion? That's got nothing to do with us. I guess they can go ahead and pick whatever fight they want as long as they don't cause trouble for us."
Young Round Table Member: "Frankly, they're idiots. All of them, idiots. They're just full of themselves. They think they're so great "standing up for themselves"......something like that."
Young Round Table Member: "They say it's the Round Table acting high and mighty...... But they have no idea the kind of trouble we go through."
Young Round Table Member: "They aren't doing a damn thing, but all they do is whine about our "attitude" or "favoritism"......stuff like that."
Young Round Table Member: "They don't know the first thing about coμs......connectors who awakened a day or two ago can talk big but nothing else. I don't have time to squabble with them."
Young Round Table Member: "I've got a lot of experience, that's why I can say all of this. I probably know tons of stuff that none of you know. So they all come off as idiots."
Young Round Table Member: "I have nothing at all to do with any rebellion. The Round Table doesn't allow avatars to be used for such things."
Young Round Table Member: "Nanase-san, Kugura-san and the like are especially strict about that part."
Young Round Table Member: "Honestly......there are some guys that scare me. Yeah, the antis will start fights with us at the drop of a hat......"
Young Round Table Member: "It's not like we're trying to get away unharmed from all this. One of the coμs I know is......yeah. They were in one of the recent......god dammit!"
Strider Man: "We didn't learn about the Coμnet until quite a while after we awoke. There weren't as many coμs around back then."
Strider Man: "I guess that means we never joined the Round Table? That's right, strip......strider? I think that's the word. If you want to put us in a category, it'd be that."
Strider Man: "A rebellion? That sounds bad. I wish they wouldn't. They must have better things to do with their time."
Strider Man: "More importantly......we've been searching this whole time. Well, I dunno about that, I guess we want to know why this happened to us."
Strider Man: "Girl A...... I see. We're looking for her. We want to know......why she makes people into connectors...... Rumor has it you can see her again under the right conditions."
Strider Man: "Why did she choose us――? I think there's a reason......how to put this......destiny, maybe? It's not that big of a deal though."
Strider Man: "I've got nothing to do with that. Our leader takes the coμ seriously...... Well, maybe not seriously, but he's a good guy."
Strider Man: "Helping people out...... It feels good, you know? Yes, we've saved people from fires and scared away muggers. And......we've busted a few back alley deals too."
Strider Man: "Avatars are hard to hide so it's not as easy as you'd think, but you still can't afford to draw too much attention."
Strider Man: "......yes, I've heard about the recent fighting. Some groups I know have people who got hurt......I just wish they'd quit it already."
We walked around town all day. Before I knew it, it was evening. I watch my shadow fall on the park's paving stones as we sit down on a bench to take a quick break.
I know this area, so I head to the nearest vending machine to get us some drinks.
DD: "Heya, you're early today. Heading to work? Or do you have a date?"
Akihito: "The second one. No work today. And the date's still happening."
DD: "Gyaaaa! I can't believe you! Not even the weekend and I'm already jealous. I've gotta sell stuff today. It's awful."
Akihito: "Plus, it's a double date. Somehow I've got a flower in each hand."
DD: "Oooh! Wait, amen soumen... Just get stabbed and die already."
Akihito: "Your eyes look way too serious."
DD: "Everyone feels that way sometimes."
Akihito: "Did you just get dumped or something?"
He falls to the ground.
Akihito: "Umm......sorry."
DD: "......You had a cute girl with you last time. Is it her?"
Akihito: "Who was that?"
DD: "She had this rich girl aura to her......and hair like this."
He gestures with his hands to represent two ponytails coming down from his hair.Benio. He must've seen us that night.
Akihito: "Not her."
DD: "............you...how could...you fucking......!"
Akihito: "Umm, well......I'll get going."
He sees me off with cursing eyes.
When I get back to the bench near the fountain plaza, the air's changed. Kagome and Rondo are sitting on opposite ends of the bench. The space between them is begging to be occupied.
They don't get along well, though the only one who gets along with Kagome is that weird super-detective.
Akihito: "I'm back. Here's some drinks."
There's just enough space between them for one person to sit.
For some reason, I imagine the Grim Reaper ordering me to sign my own execution notice.
Rondo: "......she's such a strange person."
Rondo indirectly asks for my agreement. She glances through me at Kagome.
I don't make eye contact. I'm not sure if I want to know what happened while I was gone.
Akihito: "I'll stay silent."
Kagome: "If you want to say something, don't hesitate. I might feel like telling others old stories about you."
Akihito: "Gyaaa!!!"
The mere possibility of that trauma incites terror.
Rondo: "......so how's it been so far? Learned anything?"
Rondo drinks some of her juice, clears her throat, and then restarts the conversation.
Kagome: "The riffraff are all stupid."
Akihito: "Well, it's not that different from anywhere else."
Rondo: "......what do you mean?"
Akihito: "School, downtown, coμs......I'm sure foreign countries are the same too."
Akihito: "Two people make a conflict, and three make a faction. The more people there are, the messier the web and the hierarchy."
Kagome: "A marathon everyone keeps running until they die even if they start coughing up blood."
Akihito: "That's just torture."
Akihito: "......they aren't connected as strongly as I thought."
Most of the coμs I talked to were laid back. None of them got prickly or wary when I asked questions.
Letting other connectors know who's in your group is risky. On the other hand, if you do nothing but hide you'll be completely isolated.
If you don't interact with others at some point, you'll have no choice but to lock yourself up in your room forever.
Beginner killers like Jack the Ripper are a very tiny minority.
It's like the internet. When you make a blog and post stuff, you're participating in a discussion with many, many people other than yourself.
Akihito: "I thought it'd be more reserved."
Rondo: "Hmm...... You've had a lot of bad luck with your first few encounters."
Akihito: "The first few coμs we met were BKs. We're all cowards now."
Rondo: "It's pretty amazing that you survived that."
Rondo: "The legends about your black dragon aren't for nothing."
Akihito: "Flattery won't get you anything."
Rondo: "There are some paranoid coμs out there, as well as some who willingly post profiles on the wiki."
Rondo: "Mizuwa, look."
Rondo points to something on the other side of the plaza. A group of five people in bright yellow jackets are passing through.
Their dangerous eyes make me think of hoodlums who sit down next to "Beware of Rabid Dog" posters.
Kagome: "Anyone who thinks those outfits look good has the fashion sense of an insect."
Rondo: "......no one said they look good."
Akihito: "So who are they?"
Rondo clears her throat.
Rondo: "Caesar's Legion."
Kagome: "So they're that anime villain's henchmen?"
I'd like to see Gasai's reaction to that.
Akihito: "I remember hearing they were wandering around town now......"
Rondo: "They've only started wearing those outfits recently......after Jack the Ripper was killed."
Rondo: "They're trying to make the Coμnet think they're protecting our peaceful town."
Akihito: "So the king's trying to do something useful for the commoners."
The bright yellow is to raise awareness then.
Rondo: "Things have actually gotten a bit more peaceful since then."
She says that without emotion. Rondo watches the yellow hounds leave without blinking once.
Akihito: "You don't like them?"
Rondo: "Who knows?"
Everyone wants freedom and peace.
But freedom is equivalent to danger, which puts it in constant opposition to safety.
Freedom and peace are on opposite sides of the scale. They search for an equilibrium, maintaining an uneasy balance.
Kagome: "Hmph."
That's why the witch laughs. She ridicules the absurdly simple contradiction within people's hearts.
====================H0260_炎のプリンセス.json====================
Three angled parasols adorn the open cafe Carino along the plaza.
At first I thought the name might have something to do with curry, but it's the Italian word for "cute."
The logo has a red, a yellow, and a green parasol. It gives off the atmosphere of a nice Italian place. One cup of coffee costs 360 yen.
Rondo: "I come here a lot. I like the atmosphere and the view. The food isn't that bad either."
The streets fill with light red sunbeams. The vivid color of the burning sky just before it transitions into night resembles Rondo herself.
Rondo: "I think that's everywhere I can show you guys."
Akihito: "Thanks for showing us around on such short notice. I learned a lot."
Rondo: "You're welcome. How's your coffee?"
Akihito: "......ah, it's good. This tastes like proper coffee."
Rondo: "I'm glad you like it."
She looks proud. I feel like I've been shown up, but it's not that bad.
Rondo: "The owner takes his job seriously, so he's really picky about where they get their coffee beans."
Akihito: "I walk by this place a lot, but I've never gone in."
I'm so used to this street that I don't pay much attention to what's on it. There are some surprisingly good things waiting to be discovered in your backyard.
Kagome: "You're never aware of where you're going, Akihito."
Kagome: "If you keep glossing over your carelessness like that, I'll eventually tear your mouth open."
Akihito: "Are you a sadist!?"
The cruel witch stands up after spewing her poison.
Rondo: "......she's pretty strange."
The witch's smell lingers in the empty seat.
Akihito: "Everyone says that. This is normal for her, so I'd give up on correcting it."
Rondo: "......are you lovers?"
Akihito: "That would be terrifying......no, just childhood friends."
Rondo: "Ah, so more than friends, less than lovers?"
That seems kinda right, but still off.
Rondo: "Does that mean she's not a connector?"
Akihito: "......what makes you say that?"
Rondo: "Knowing someone already doesn't make them any more likely to be chosen as part of your coμ. It's very rare for people who know each other to end up together."
Akihito: "You're talking about Girl A's selection process now?"
Rondo: "Yes. I can't say it's unheard of for friends and lovers to get connected."
Rondo: "But they're rare exceptions."
Akihito: "She's a woman who walks outside alone at night. She's already a rare exception."
Rondo: "It's certainly not normal for a non-connector to be so involved with coμs."
Akihito: "Yeah, Kagome's invincible."
Rondo: "......"
Her hands stop, holding the teacup in the air.
Akihito: "What?"
Rondo: "......the face you just made."
Rondo: "I didn't think you were that kind of person."
Akihito: "What does that mean?"
Rondo: "Is it okay to say it?"
Akihito: "......say what?"
Rondo: "What you just looked like."
Rondo: "You were making the face of a little kid boasting about his favorite toy."
Akihito: "......"
Akihito: "......don't be stupid."
I savor the last of the espresso. A strong, bitter taste.
I enjoy the nice smell of Italian coffee as my eyes wander around the plaza.
A young couple making out on a bench. A pair of girls heading to the east exit.
Street dancers making loud noises as they use the pavement like a canvas.
Calmness slips its way into me. I'm shaking for no particular reason.
There's no distinction between normal and abnormal days. It's a matter of opinion or interpretation. Either you live "normally" and dream of something abnormal, or you get sick of the "abnormal" and want what's normal again.
I've known that for a very long time, but......
A silly couple's chatter. An amateur band making countless mistakes. A stray dog whimpering for food and an old man throwing him bread.
Those meaningless things stir my heart.
Akihito: "......Rondo, have you been a connector for long?"
Rondo: "A little over half a year."
Akihito: "That's not as long as I thought. You seem to know the Coμnet a lot better than that."
Rondo: "Anyone can learn this much in half a year if they put the effort into it."
Akihito: "It seems weird for you to talk about putting effort into things."
Rondo's the type who seems like she does everything with graceful perfection.
Rondo: "Everyone has to make an effort, or whatever skills you have all go to waste."
Akihito: "You're living proof of that. I respect you."
Rondo: "......"
She looked composed before, but I think she liked the compliment. People who act noble tend to have a childish side.
Kimizuka Iroha felt rough around the edges at first, but now I can understand why Rondo triggers her maternal instincts.
Schoolgirl: "Rondo!"
A girl I don't recognize runs toward us. She's wearing a blazer uniform with a cool design, which means she's from one of the all girls' schools near here.
According to some people at Izalone, that uniform is very popular with a certain crowd. No comment as to what crowd.
Rondo: "Hi, Ikuhara!"
She waves to the girl, like a scene from a movie.
Ikuhara: "Rondo! ......you look fine. I was worried when you didn't come to class today. I was gonna call and ask later."
Rondo: "I had other commitments, so I'm skipping today. I'm still a bad girl."
Ikuhara: "Rondo......you're always doing that. Don't blame me if you miss too many days to graduate."
An acquaintance of Rondo's――I mean classmate. Unlike her, this girl has glasses and seems like the nice quiet type. She's normal enough that you might not even notice her if there were ten others next to her.
Ikuhara: "U――......umm......good afternoon."
She notices I'm here and bows slightly.
She looks between me and Rondo, her eyes holding an appropriate blend of unease and suspicion.
Rondo: "Let me introduce you. This is Mizuwa Akihito. He's a friend."
Akihito: "I'm Mizuwa the Friend."
Rondo: "That sounds like a stage name. Put more thought into it."
Akihito: "But it's cute. Don't you think so?"
Rondo: "Not in the slightest."
Ikuhara: "Umm......"
Rondo: "This is Ikuhara Shizuru. A classmate of mine. As you can see, she's an honors student."
Ikuhara: "No! I'm not at all......your grades are better than mine, Rondo."
Rondo: "So modest."
Ikuhara: "Umm......pleased...to meet you......I'm Ikuhara Shizuru."
Another bow. She lowers her head awkwardly.
Ikuhara continues looking down, but examines me with her eyes. She reminds me of a small animal alert for threats.
Ikuhara: "Rondo, tomorrow, will you......?"
Rondo: "I'll be a normal student tomorrow, don't worry."
Ikuhara: "Okay, I'll be waiting for you. Ah, it's so late......umm......I have to go now."
Rondo: "You busy? 
That's right, your mother......"
Ikuhara: "Hm?"
Rondo: "Cheer up. Hold your head high. Don't stop smiling. I like the way you smile, Ikuhara."
Ikuhara's bending over almost as far as a cat, so Rondo slaps her back.
Ikuhara: "......okay."
A quiet answer. She shows the best smile she can given the darkness hanging over her. The girl with glasses turns around and heads down the main street.
Akihito: "You're popular."
Rondo: "Thank you...... Is that a compliment?"
Rondo's smile makes me think of vivid flowers and exotic sunsets.
Rondo: "Just so you know......"
Rondo: "Ikuhara's brother died three months ago, in one of the group deaths."
The summer flower fades, sending gray words my way.
Akihito: "......a group death......"
Akihito: "......so......does that mean he was a connector?"
Rondo: "Unfortunately, he was driving at the time, and their mother was in the passenger seat."
Akihito: "So she was an innocent victim?"
No matter what they want, everyone connected to an avatar dies when it's destroyed. An unfair, cruel rule of all coμs.
Akihito: "So she was just heading to......"
Rondo: "Visit her mom in the hospital. She goes every day."
Rondo: "Ikuhara's brother was killed by the Legion."
I remember the yellow jackets from the park.
Rondo: "Like you said, she was just a victim."
Rondo: "Ikuhara's brother's coμ caused some trouble with the Legion."
Rondo: "They've been doing whatever it takes to expand. More coμs have been killed than you can count on one hand."
An expressionless face like a bronze statue. The dark tinge which has fallen on her vivid features makes me uneasy.
Caesar's Legion. Their glory rests on many sacrifices, one of whom was Ikuhara's brother.
That's not unique to the Legion. Victory always requires racking up a body count.
Rondo: "And that's why Caesar has the power to act like the good guys by keeping the peace now."
Akihito: "You think it's hypocritical?"
Rondo: "Maybe."
Sometimes Rondo deliberately refuses to answer questions.
Unfamiliar green eyes. There's something sharp hidden deep beneath them, and it's churning up my heart.
―――I remember the red color.
A far darker color than Rondo's jacket. The smell of rusted iron. As it gets even darker, it loses the heat and color of life.
For some reason I can't bear to look at Rondo. My eyes wander aimlessly.
Akihito: "......"
Lots of people are crossing through the plaza. Students, salarymen, housewives, middle-aged men with tired faces, dogs, the elderly.
Countless lives briefly crossing each other. Momentary connections between strangers. Most of them are severed without holding any meaning.
Connections don't always bring rewards. They can bring pain, calamity and malice. They carry all sorts of things.
Akihito: "......?"
Someone's gaze pricks my skin. A young man on the other side of the plaza is watching me.
Before long, another man joins him.
The first points at me and glares. They quickly exchange words. I feel strangely uneasy.
A man no different from the others filling the city, wearing the same young fashion as the others loitering around the station, and yet I feel a murky spark of animosity from him.
Rondo: "――――!"
Rondo stands up, knocking her chair over.
Rondo: "――Crap......follow me!"
Before I can say anything, she grabs my hand and runs off.
Akihito: "......Rondo...what just......!?"
Man: "――――!"
I see movement from another direction.
My mental radar fills with red klaxons. Something very bad is happening.
Akihito: "Kagome hasn't come back y――"
Rondo: "Not now!"
Rondo rushes out of the cafe, still dragging me behind her. There's no time to pay.
Rondo: "Haa......ha! ......haa, haa......"
I continue running behind her. We pass through several intersections, alleys and main streets. Both of us are losing breath.
We slip into the darkness of a back alley between old buildings. Unfortunately, it's a dead end.
Rondo: "......we might be cornered."
Akihito: "Weren't you trying to run away from them!?"
Rondo: "I was trying......of course. I shouldn't have to explain that."
Akihito: "I can't believe this......"
Rondo Rondo looks cool on the outside but can't plan her way out of a paper bag. Kimizuka's warning was accurate. Dealing with her might be exhausting.
Akihito: "――!"
I hear several footsteps from the entrance to the alley. With a street light behind them, their long shadows reach deep into the darkness. I see four......five in total.
The same guys I saw in the plaza.
Brown-Haired Man: "I kneeew it. I found youuuu. Remember what you did the other day? We had quite a bit of fun too."
Rondo: "You really need to start using your head. You even look as dumb as ever."
The brown-haired man with an earring looks like the group's leader. Rondo's words do nothing to him.
Brown-Haired Man: "Niiice, you're the tough type. I like 'em that way."
Rondo: "I don't like guys who dye their hair."
The others behind him wince. Rondo shows no hesitation to throw mud in his face, though she really shouldn't be in this situation.
Brown-Haired Man: "So much for that. You've got a boyfriend anyway, so there wasn't much I could do. Still, we did lose a man back there. Sorry, but I can't let you go home without paying for that."
Brown-Haired Man: "Sowe'llsquashyoulikeabug――――You're not getting away today."
Brown-Haired Man: "――――Tear them apart, Banco!!"
His bloodlust is so thick you can cut it with a knife. It changes into blue light over his head.
The swirling bluish white gate light tears through the alley's darkness as their avatar comes down.
Akihito: "They're connectors......Rondo, what did you do!?"
Rondo: "Beats me. I'd appreciate it if you didn't pry."
Even in this situation Rondo simply sighs.
The sound when it lands is much smaller than you'd expect given its size. Its silhouette blocks all the light from the city, reaching deep into the alley.
An agate giant――A Pantagruel.
Brown-Haired Man: "You really piss me off. Let's see how you handle pain――"
Laughter comes from behind the giant.
The Pantagruel just barely fits in the narrow alley. It moves with both hands and feet, almost crawling.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!　　　　　　　
Its steel throat roars.
A roar only connectors can hear shakes the alley.
It looks like an animal, but it towers far over us humans.
It raises one arm like a tree trunk, preparing to squash our tiny human bodies.
No ordinary human can block that attack.
But Babylon――――
My thoughts finally catch up with the situation. The giant's arm above is about to pulverize us.
Akihito: "――――!"
The wind roars as the iron hammer of death approaches.
The giant stumbles. Three spears attack it once it's off-balance.
The Pantagruel stoops down, evading the speartips.
The creature that blocked the steel arm stands between us and the giant like a shield.
A bizarre form, making it hard to call it an object. The body is constructed out of countless gears and geometric shapes. The same fantastic avatar that appeared the night we saw Sting.
A Burroughs――――
Rondo: "――It's time for dinner, Miss Jh."
Rondo's avatar, Miss Jh.
Burroughs avatars are even rarer than Georgios. It's essentially the "miscellaneous" category, covering everything that doesn't fit in the other categories.
Thus, the differences between individuals are greater for Burroughs than any other category.
You could say Miss Jh is a typical Burroughs, in the sense that it has nothing in common with any real animals. It feels as inorganic as a bronze sculpture.
Instead of a head, it has a sculpture of a woman like you'd see on the bow of an old wooden ship.
Three spears flash.
The tips of Miss Jh's three appendages. They're moving in such strange ways that it doesn't feel like they're aiming at anything, but neither avatar has much space to work with in this alley.
The giant's legs stop when one spear passes just in front of its nose.
Akihito: "You're controlling it that well by yourself――?"
Rondo's furrowing her brows, forming deep ridges in her temple. She's focusing so hard it hurts.
Despite that, I can clearly see Miss Jh's movements aren't as tight as they should be.
She blocked that first attack with its armor, but Burroughs aren't good at close quarters fighting.
Plus, an avatar's capabilities depend on the number of people connected to it. It's one versus five. Few versus many.
Rondo doesn't have much chance of winning this head on.
Akihito: "――This way!"
This time I grab her hand and run.
Rondo: "......what!?"
Akihito: "Calm down and think! You can't win this fight!"
Rondo: "I-I'm not――!"
Blond-Haired Man: "Ha......haha! You think you can run away!?"
Miss Jh follows us.
With nothing in its way, the Pantagruel naturally gives chase.
These men can't hide the fact that us running away whets their appetite. We hear their laugher behind the Pantagruel's charge.
We run through narrow alleyways. I turn right.
I head in without turning back.
It's a dead end.
All the alleys around here are like that.
Rondo: "See!? We have to defeat them or――"
Akihito: "I know, just focus on controlling your avatar!"
Rondo: "――!!"
Miss Jh follows from behind, and behind it the sounds of the giant come closer. I wait for the right moment, and......
Akihito: 　　　　　　　"―――Come, Babylon!"　　　　　　　
The moment the giant turns the corner, Babylon swings its tail, even though half of it is still inside the gate light.
The agate giant slams into the wall of a building, several times louder than a traffic accident.
That's not enough to destroy an avatar.
I'm controlling Babylon by myself too.
I'm not a super-cyborg like Kagome or a mad dog like Izawa, so there's not a lot I can do in a five-on-one fight.
Not to mention―――
Akihito: "――――!"
Babylon's heavy.
The same weight I felt when fighting Gasai. After leveling up from Jack the Ripper, Babylon's even harder to control than before.
Like a car modified so much it's practically an F1, and no one can use it as a passenger vehicle anymore.
The more it levels up, the stronger it gets, but the harder it is to control.
Rondo: "The black dragon―――"
Rondo's voice carries a tone of awe. To her the black dragon she stumbled across one night is still little more than a legend.
Babylon pulverizes the walls of the adjacent buildings. They collapse into rubble, giving off thick clouds of dust. The alley is filled in an instant.
Akihito: "Now! Run for it!"
Against an avatar, that's only going to buy time.
Rondo: "But it's a dead end!? Run where!?"
Akihito: "Use your head, princess."
We make it to the roof.
We grabbed onto Miss Jh's white, bony arms and let it fly us out of the alley. That felt a little like an action movie.
I unsummoned Babylon too. If I have to summon it again that'll be a waste of magic, but oh well.
Rondo: "......I see. Now the Pantagruel can't follow us."
For the most part, only Burroughs and Caspar avatars are capable of flying.
Pantagruels are especially heavy, so even if it jumps, it won't be able to get up here. 
Akihito: "Idiot."
Rondo: "I-idiot? What was that for!?"
Akihito: "It's an avatar. They can just resummon it up here."
Rondo: "......that's......"
That aside, it's still hard to fight an avatar you can't see.
Since they're down there, they can't see us, so we should be able to get away.
We should, but―――
Rondo: "――!?"
I hear something fly through the air. A neon sign on a nearby building suddenly explodes.
Roaring air. Scattering stone. The shockwave hits us like a tornado, knocking me and Rondo out of Miss Jh's arms and onto a roof. 
Akihito: "What――?"
I pull myself up. The moment my thoughts finally catch up with the situation......
A second shot.
This time the generator room next to us explodes. The windows shatter, unable to withstand the pressure. The shockwave, the heat, and the glass form a whirlwind.
Caspar-Type Avatar: "――――――――"
There's a black scar on the wall of the generator room, as if it just withstood an artillery shot.
――Actually, it did.
There's a long-range avatar bombarding us from farther away than we can hope to reach. The shots are supersonic, so I don't hear them until after they hit.
Is this that giant's special ability? It's possible he has allies here.
Akihito: "Are these guys the type that don't care how much damage they cause?"
Rondo: "―――I think so."
Rondo fled out from the cafe to avoid putting it in danger.
From long range, it's easy to blow away an enemy before they know where you even are.
Rondo: "If only Iroha was nearby......"
Wanting what's not here isn't going to help us.
They have distance on their side. That alone is a wall preventing us from counterattacking. Whoever it is, they're more dangerous than the giant.
Rondo: "What do we do!? Auu!?"
I pull Rondo's hand and run again. The princess is surprisingly high-maintenance.
An extremely dangerous long-range type―――
There's no way for us to attack them from here. Our best bet is to head back into town and try to lose them.
Rondo: "We can't just ru――"
Akihito: "We can. Those guys are amateurs."
It takes practice and experience to use an avatar well. It's not that hard to practice beating things up with a close-range avatar, but there aren't many suitable places to do target practice with a long-range one.
This enemy has the will and the power, but not the experience. The fact that they couldn't kill us with two shots gives that away.
Akihito: "Run! We'll use your avatar to get back down!!"
We run. We run. We run.
We're near our limits, but we keep running. Rondo's out of breath. Miss Jh is wobbling as it moves alongside us.
She's controlling it alone. Precise movements are impossible. There's no way to know if she'll even keep it heading the right way.
When will the third shot come?
Steel supersonic torpedoes. They may not be that accurate, but they only need to hit us once.
And each firebomb is more accurate than the last. The next shot or the one after will probably hit.
If it even grazes us, we'll be minced meat. There'll be nothing left if it hits us dead on.
Bringing out Babylon would only give them a bigger target, and risk the lives of the other four.
The situation's so bad my hair stands on end. Despite that, I shake off my fear and run.
Humans are just sacks of flesh against an avatar.
I continue pulling Rondo's hand as she gets overwhelmed by her own powerlessness. She clutches her heart as if it's about to give out.
I know my odds of survival go up about thirty percent if I abandon her, but I don't even consider letting go.
To survive, we just need to sprint to the edge of the roof before the next shot comes.
Rondo: "Ha, hau......ha, haa――!"
Miss Jh breaks through the fence.
The last two steps. We run. I grab onto one of Miss Jh's gear-like parts. My muscles scream, but I pull myself up anyway.
I feel myself floating. Miss Jh moves down from the roof.
Rondo: "Ah, ha......!"
The moment Rondo takes that last step......
The third shot.
It hits.Rondo is blown forward by the explosion behind her, flying off into empty space.
Rondo's arms flail meaninglessly in the air.
Rondo: "――――――!"
She doesn't even have the strength left to make her avatar catch her.
Rondo falls.
I reach out from Miss Jh's arm.
Reach!
Reach dammit!
A red color. A metal bridge falling.
But this time, I won't......
I think it like a prayer.
―――But so what?
I reach out my hand, as if praying for her life.
Reach!!
Rondo: "――――――"
I catch her.
I stretch out as far as I can from Miss Jh's arm, and grab Rondo's arm as she falls.
Akihito: "Uuo!?"
I feel like my shoulder's dislocating. I lose my balance and we both tumble down together.
Rondo: "Kyaaa!"
Akihito: "......!!"
Rondo: "Ah, ha......!!"
Akihito: "Stop moving or you'll die."
Plus I'll die.
Miss Jh descends like a feather as we cling to it.
Akihito: "......don't screw up the landing."
Kagome: "――――And?"
Akihito: "What do you mean? That's what happened."
Once things calmed down, I called Kagome immediately. She answered on the seventh ring. I stood up straight and talked extra politely.
Kagome: "Don't worry, Akihito. I have at least as much mercy as the oxalic acid in spinach. Of course I wouldn't blame you for something you couldn't prevent."
Kagome: "But I will ask for details later."
Akihito: "......okay."
Kagome: "By the way, Akihito."
Akihito: "What might it be?"
Kagome: "I paid for the coffee."
Akihito: "......"
I'm gonna die. She's gonna kill me tonight.
Akihito: "U-umm――"
The call ends before I can defend myself. The emotionless beeps of the phone line are very sad.
Akihito: "......I'm dead......I am so dead......"
We ran away from two avatars and escaped to the roof of who-knows-what.
I try to catch my breath. I'm exhausted.
Unfortunately, when we leapt off the building, a couple of people saw Miss Jh.
But only for a moment, and in the dark. It should be just another urban legend that no one takes seriously.
......hopefully.
Rondo: "―――They're a really horrible group of coμs. I won't go into details, but they're probably three times worse than you're thinking."
So they're the kind of people that just do whatever they want with their avatars.
Akihito: "......750 years of forced labor would be a light sentence."
It's always the same. The Coμnet and "real" society are identical.
There are good people, bad people, strong people, and weak people, taking things from others and having them taken by someone else.
Akihito: "......how'd you manage to piss off guys like that, Rondo Rondo?"
Akihito: "And you're quite calm now. Is this not the first time they've chased you?"
Rondo: "Ha! Something like that."
She laughs through her nose.
Rondo: "I crushed some of their allies a while ago."
Crushed――I can tell she means that literally.
When you destroy an avatar, the coμ connected to it is destroyed too. There's no escaping that rule.
Rondo: "And yes, I am used to this. They weren't my first enemy, and they won't be my last."
Akihito: "So you're a reporter by day and a crime fighter by night?"
Rondo: "Of course not."
Rondo: "I'm Rondo Rondo. I won't hold back against anyone who stands in my way."
Rondo: "And there are some people I just can't forgive."
I can't tell if that's a sense of justice or something else.
Akihito: "So you're――?"
Rondo: "Yes, just like you when you fought Karasuma Tetora."
She challenges me with green eyes. A strong will without a shred of doubt.
―――A princess of fire.
I feel like I'll get burned if her soul touches me.
Akihito: "......"
If those coμs are worse than I thought―――They've probably been using their avatars to commit real crimes.
No one's there to stop them. This is a gentle kingdom where the only things that matter are swords and resolve.
Rondo: "So what about you? Are you gonna brandish your own morals? Scold me like a kid who's done something naughty?"
Akihito: "......no, I think it's great."
Rondo: "What? Is that a compliment?"
Akihito: "Yes."
I have no sympathy for the people Rondo crushed.
―――I remember the red color.
They took what they wanted, and then it was taken from them. They paid the price for their actions.
Embers that nearly vanished flow through my blood. I want them to die.
And yet, something stirs in my chest.
Lives are surprisingly cheap. They're easily broken, like a tragedy and a comedy. Even the slightest shred of malice can easily take it away.
And yet, there's no way to give it back.
Rondo made her decision. I don't know how much will and how much resolve she had behind her actions, but......
She's holding a searing heat like an unbreaking lance.
I honestly think that's a beautiful way of life.
Akihito: "......"
Is she right? Is she wrong?
I have no right to judge other people's decisions.
There's no one here to judge or punish anyone's conduct.
Since no one's made a set of rules, popular opinion is the closest thing we have.
Babylon's a hero because the Coμnet made it into one.
Rondo: "......"
Akihito: "You look like you're doubting me."
Rondo: "You seem like the type who'd lie to women without hesitation."
Akihito: "No, I'm honest. Look at my eyes."
Rondo: "Hmph."
Akihito: "Gyaaa!? My eyes!?"
She poked me.
Rondo: "Fine, I'll take the compliment. Thank you."
Akihito: "That's all you have to say!?"
Rondo: "......guys who pretend to be feminists but constantly shout orders at women are just awful."
Akihito: "Don't use your womanhood only when it suits you!"
Rondo: "My brother taught me pretty girls can do whatever they want."
She turns the other way.
Akihito: "Bring that faux feminist here so I can beat some sense into him."
Rondo: "Screw you."
She sticks out her tongue and runs around the small roof.
A dry place where the pipes and fences are red with rust. The cold light of the rising moon turns it into an imaginary land.
Rondo frolics about like a child, almost dancing in the night. The sharpness I glimpsed earlier is nowhere to be seen.
Akihito: "What the hell? You have some serious mood swings. No wonder Kimizuka was complaining."
Rondo: "None of your business."
Rondo: "I just feel like it."
Rondo: "I'm in a good mood. Today was fun, Akihito."
I think that might be the first time she called me Akihito.
Akihito: "You were the one showing me around, and we almost died back there."
Rondo: "Yep, we almost died."
Akihito: "Are you a birdbrain?"
Rondo: "Now then, I don't want you to forget me, so here."
Akihito: "Oh?"
Rondo's feet stop right in front of me. Her slender hands pull my face closer. She raises her heels to make herself just a bit taller.
Her lips cover mine.
A kiss.
Our shadows overlap below.
A short time, only about three blinks long.
Our shadows part regretfully after melting together.
Akihito: "......"
Rondo: "......"
Akihito: "......you like me?"
Rondo: "Of course not, that was just gratitude."
Rondo's green eyes reflect my face coldly, vividly, so close I could touch them.
Rondo smiles. The first soft, clear, honest smile I've seen all day.
Rondo: "Thank you for saving me."
The moon silently looks down on us.
====================H0270_竹河紅緒05.json====================
Takekawa Benio is in the city.
She was called out tonight by Kasukabe Haru. She said she'd treat her to dinner since she just got a bonus paycheck.
Benio: "Owowowow......it still hurts to run......"
They're meeting up near the intersection in front of Takakura Station.
She makes sure no one's watching, then rubs her crotch a little. It's been a few days since she (technically) became a woman. The price for her recklessness was worse than she'd expected.
Today, it's a girl's night out.
There's a deep, wide river separating men from women, even if they happen to be connected by an avatar. Hanging out with just the girls is a bit easier.
They called Kagome too, but she just said "Don't care."
Haru: "You're early, Benio-chan."
Benio: "Good evening, O-Haru-san."
Haru eventually arrives.
She's in her usual maid outfit, shaking her unfair chest. The fake maid gathers pedestrians' attention whether she wants to or not.
Benio: "Mmm......"
She envies them every time she sees them, but she's more awed than jealous because they're so overpowering.
Benio: "......again with the maid outfit."
Haru: "I've decided to wear this whenever I meet with you guys. It's part of my lifestyle now."
She doesn't get it at all.
Haru: "You're standing a bit weird. Is something wrong?"
Benio jumps a few centimeters.
Benio: "Eh!? No! I-it's nothing, really!"
Haru: "You sure?"
Benio: "Y-yeah, really! I stepped on some gum a minute ago and I was making sure it came off."
Haru: "Aaah, yeah, that's so annoying."
Benio: "I know, right~!? Ahaha, ahahahaha......"
Benio's phone rings in her pocket.
Benio: "Ah, it's Mayu-Mayu......
!!"
Just taking her phone out sends a strange dull pain through the core of her body.She tries to pass it off as a laugh as she answers the phone.
Benio: "Hello, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "......I'm not Mayu-Mayu, I'm Mayuki."
This exchange has become a daily greeting.
Mayuki: "I'll be there in about ten minutes."
Benio: "Okay, see you then."
Benio: "Mayuki-chan says she'll be here in ten minutes."
Haru: "Not long enough to be worth going ahead without her......
huh?"
Benio: "What......!?"
A strange sensation runs through both of them. An avatar activation signal.
Benio: "Who do you think it is? Izawa again?"
Suddenly, they're loaded into Babylon. The moment she realizes it must be nearby, she sees something huge and black between two nearby buildings――Or so she thinks.
Benio: "Oh............"
She blinks a few times, wondering if she really saw that. Then a tiny figure appears from a back alley.
Mayuki: "I'm here."
Benio: "I just saw something huge and black......"
Haru: "That makes it sound like a cockroach."
Mayuki: "Having a private cab service is nice on my busier days."
Benio: "I had no idea you could use it for that......"
Mayuki: "You can do whatever you want with that big dragon, just like a stupid friend. If I was better at controlling it I could use it to help redecorate my room."
Benio: "Who are you calling a stupid friend......!?"
Haru: "That does sound a lot better than using it to fight. Maybe O-Haru-san will use it to take out the trash later."
Benio: "I'm being ignored again......but wouldn't you feel sorry using Babylon for redecorating and taking out trash?"
The power to fight for justice is being turned into a household appliance.
Mayuki: "If we do this again, I'd like to set the time a little later."
Haru: "Okay. O-Haru-san likes the night life, so next time I'll pick a place that's open late."
Benio: "No, no, don't take Mayuki-chan anywhere weird!"
The three of them head to the pleasure district, guided by Haru.
They pass through a small, inconspicuous entrance, and find themselves in a calm, atmospheric dining bar. There's only a counter and two booths.
There's only three staff in total. Benio and Haru take one of the booths, while Mayuki looks around.
Mayuki: "Oooh......this is actually a pretty nice place. I look forward to this."
Haru: "Well, O-Haru-san has plenty of money tonight, so have whatever you want. It's all on me."
Benio: "Waaa, thank you."
The jazz music is a bit much for the tiny place, but the rough design helps balance that out.
Waitress: "Welcome. Would you like drinks to start with?"
Haru: "O-Haru-san will have beer."
Mayuki: "Hmm, I'll have this draft ginger ale."
Haru: "Oya, you don't drink?"
Benio: "We can't let Mayu-Mayu drink at her age, come on. I'll have some instead."
Mayuki: "Such a delinquent."
Benio: "I'm an honors student, believe it or not."
Haru: "So what'll you have, Benio-chan?"
Benio: "Maybe one of these sweet cocktails......waitress, any recommendations?"
Haru: "O-Haru-san recommends the "Butterfly Effect" with Takakura shouchuu."
Mayuki: "That's a terrible name."
Benio: "But shouchuu isn't sweet at all."
Waitress: "If you want a sweet cocktail, perhaps this one, or this one?"
The waitress points to her recommendations on the menu. Benio doesn't know what they are, so she chooses the one with the prettiest picture.
Benio: "Okay, I'll try the China Blue."
Waitress: "The China Blue, all right. I'll bring your drinks out right away."
Haru: "Okay~~"
As soon as the waitress walks away, Mayuki grabs the menu with a strange amount of dexterity and quickly opens it up on the table.
Haru: "What'll you have? If it's a pain to decide, then you can just give them a budget and let them pick stuff."
Mayuki: "No. You have to make a careful and well thought-out selection to optimize the meal's cost performance."
Benio: "Mayuki-chan, you can get weirdly obsessive sometimes."
Mayuki: "People with lots of obsessions are called otaku."
Haru: "Hmmmm, well, O-Haru-san doesn't care either way. For now, let's get some edamame."
Benio: "Okay."
Mayuki: "You must be pretty well-off if you can afford to buy dinner for all of us."
From a quick glance at the menu, this place seems to assume four to five thousand yen will be spent per person. Not cheap.
Benio remembers Haru saying she has a job and is also a student. She's just as puzzled as Mayuki.
Benio: "You're right. O-Haru-san, what did you mean by "bonus paycheck?""
Haru: "I got it from a man."
Benio: "Aaah......"
Mayuki: "Aaah......"
They both give lukewarm reactions.
The place isn't designed for everyone to order tons of side dishes, so the table's only big enough to fit their entrees.
Haru's already switched from beer to diluted shouchuu (with a pomelo slice), casually grazing on her appetizers.
Mayuki is busy reading every scrap of information on the menu.
Haru: "By the way, what is draft ginger ale?"
Mayuki: "They have the actual ale stored here and they carbonate it when you order it."
Mayuki: "Basically, handmade ginger ale. You can read the menu for details."
Haru: "Oooh......can I try some?"
Mayuki: "Go for it."
Benio: "What're you drinkin'~? Lemme have sum!"
Benio's vocal cords are already failing her.
Mayuki: "Didn't you just drink something?"
Haru: "She was glugging that China-whatever thing like fruit juice."
It was sweet and easy to drink a lot of at once, so Benio is already completely drunk.
Benio: "Wha? This is hust juice. How could I get dlunk from this!? Ahahahaha!"
Mayuki: "They say ninety percent of drunks will claim they aren't drunk."
Haru: "Getting drunk is the point of alcohol. What's the problem?"
Benio: "Yeah, yeah, everything's A-okay!A-ooooh!"
Benio cheers and tries to lean on Mayuki. She moves away from her without making any attempt to hide her displeasure. They nearly fell out of their chairs.
Mayuki: "Please do something about this old man."
Haru: "Did something bad happen to her? She seems a bit high-strung."
Benio: "The world is wrong! Stupid boob monsters! Stupid Akihito!"
Mayuki: "Why are you talking about Akihito-san?"
Benio: "He's a loser who loves big boobs. Why did they even invent cup sizes......uuuu......it's discrimination......euu, hic, uuuu......"
Haru: "Laughing, shouting, and crying all in under a minute."
Benio: "Mm! Mmu, muu!......puhaaa!"
China Blue. Wine Cooler. Cassis and Orange. Screwdriver. Gin Tonic. Horse's Neck. Cuba Libre. Margarita.
She just finished downing her eighth cocktail, and every one of them had a different base. It's no surprise she can't talk well.
Benio: "Of course I wanna cry! Uu......uoooo......so much anger......and sadness......auua, damn you Akihito, that hurt like hell!"
Mayuki: "......what hurt?"
Haru: "Come to think of it, you were standing weirdly earlier."
Benio: "Eh!?"
Benio instantly returns to her senses.
Haru: "Reaction~"
Mayuki: "I request further explanation."
Benio: "Eh? Well......I was standing weird because I twisted my ankle the other day, I think......"
Haru: "Earlier you said you stepped on gum."
Mayuki: "You screwed up already."
Benio: "Eh? Th-......that was just because I twisted my ankle slightly when I stepped on the gum. It threw me off balance......"
Mayuki: "Why are you talking more formal now?"
Benio: "D-don't say that, Mayuki-chan! Ahahaha, O-Haru-san's our elder, we're supposed to be polite around her. Ahahaha! Isn't that right, O-Haru-san!?"
Haru: "Yes, of course, though you don't have to worry about that tonight."
Haru: "......anyway, I'm going to check under your shoe."
Benio: "No!!"
Thirty minutes later. More food has been ordered, and the situation has grown much worse.
Benio: "It's over......"
Benio tastes bitter defeat.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san's already taken a bite out of you......? What do you even like about that guy?"
Haru: "Relationships aren't always about personalities or chemistry. Sometimes their bodies just get along."
Benio: "I-it's not like that with me and Akihito!"
Mayuki: "She's hopeless."
Haru: "You'll understand when you're older, O-chibi-chan. So did it feel good?"
Benio: "Eh? W-well, umm......"
She fidgets.
Benio: "It reaaaally hurt......there was lots of blood too......"
Mayuki: "How am I supposed to eat my meat when you're talking about that?"
Haru: "Did he get you ready first? For some girls even fingers hurt at first, but you can always have him lick you."
Benio: "Th-that's too embarrassing!"
Mayuki: "This is terrible for my upbringing. I think I'm going to grow up into a delinquent."
Haru: "Well, those parts recover quickly. You'll be fine in no time."
Benio: "It still hurts though......"
Haru: "So, when are you doing it next?"
Benio: "N-next!? How should I know!?"
Haru: "Boys really can't hold it in. He'll come after you."
Mayuki: "......is that true?"
Haru: "When the time comes, even the coldest guys might make you do erotic poses, lick and suck various things, or even urinate while saying "Nooo!" in a cute voice."
Benio: "Enough! I'm drinking!"
Benio downs a dry martini in one gulp.
She even had it put in a tall glass with ice, but it's still a strong cocktail.
Benio: "Kuuuu! Kaaaa!"
Mayuki: "Huu............"
Haru: "That's right, you should get some condoms for next time. You'd be surprised how often boys forget them."
Benio: "Enuuuuf! How can I love when sex is so scary!?"
Mayuki: "This does sound horrible. So 2D relationships are the best after all......"
Haru: "There, there, drink some more. Waiiiter, a Cossack for her."
Haru: "Why don't you have a glass, Mayuki-chan? "
Mayuki: "I'm fine."
Benio: "I'm gonna drink tonight! Uoooo!"
The debauchery continues until Benio finally collapses.
Benio: "Munyamunya......uuu! Oeeee......mmyu......"
Benio: "......O-Haru-shan, no more kissing in the dark......munyamunya."
Haru: "Want more? I don't have any good cocktails here but there's some stuff in cans."
Benio: "More...more......wait, what!?"
She wakes up in an unfamiliar room.
Benio: "Wh-where art I......!?"
The atmosphere of the room vaguely resembles the building of her bloody memories.
Haru: "Oh, you were saying that in your sleep."
Benio: "Wh...e......hiee!? Where are we!? Where am I!? Is this a hotel!? Why am I in a hotel......?"
Haru: "You fell asleep in the restaurant so I brought you here. Mayuki-chan went home by taxi."
Benio: "Wh-why did you take me to a hotel......?"
Haru: "I thought you might need a break."
Benio: "A break......"
Her hazy mind wanders through the word's multiple meanings. Breaking into pieces. Breaking one's spirit. Breaking out in a rash. Taking a break.
Benio: "A break!?"
Benio's mental dictionary already has pornographic images associated with the phrase "take a break." Last time someone used that phrase someone took her clothes off, looked at her naked body and played with her.
Benio: "Wa! Wa! Wa! I'm not into that! I-I-I-I-I'm going home, home, right home! Home......owa!"
The alcohol did more than she thought. Haru catches Benio as she trips.
Haru: "You don't have to run away."
Benio: "A-anyone would run in――――"
Smooch.
Benio: "........................................................................................................................................................."
Benio: "............! Mmmmm!! Nnnyu!? Nunyu, naa!"
Benio: "Aau, mmu, nna, au, hu......nn, nnn, funyuuu............ah, yau, aaau, stop, kya! Nnu! *gulp* Mmm, aauuuu............!!"
Benio: "Ha――"
She was kissed.Deeply.
Benio: "Ha, hahahahahahahahaha."
Haru: "Look, you still can't walk straight. Come to the bed."
Benio: "Gyawaaa!?"
Haru pushes her down.
Benio: "Owa, O-......O-Haru-san!? Please stop, seriously! I mean it!"
Haru: "Hmm, I seeee."
Haru moves closer. Benio doesn't realize she's just having fun with her.
It's not uncommon for people to use love hotels as casual business hotels.
There are even former business hotels that changed into love hotels when times got tough.
Benio: "Gyawa, gyawa, gyawa."
The tremendous shock from before is still carved into her. Combined with the alcohol, it makes her head swim.
Haru: "I see. Cute, very cute. No wonder Akihito got drawn in."
Haru moves in even closer, her hands twisting bewitchingly. Cold sweat pours from Benio's forehead.
Benio: "Wai-, umm, O-Haru-san......!?"
Haru: "It's fine, it's fine. Now relax. O-Haru-san's going to teach you a few things. I won't go all the way, so don't worry. I'm not trying to steal you from Akihito."
Benio: "Teach me what!?"
The bed springs creak under Haru's weight.
Haru: "Girls' bodies are made to feel even better than boys', so it's a lot of fun once you get into it."
Benio: "Th-this isn't about having fun......wa, wa, wa, noooo!?"
Haru: "Okay, okay, try to relax now."
Benio: "Waaa! Gyawaaa!"
Haru reaches out to Benio's chest with one hand and her thigh with the other. She's trying to keep her from tensing up by not allowing her to concentrate on protecting one place.
Benio: "Ah, wa-wait! ......umm......fua......"
Haru: "Having fun yet?"
The sheets fill with wrinkles as Benio struggles.
Haru strokes Benio's slender thigh with almost no force at all.
Her other hand on Benio's chest moves in a circle, her middle finger pressing down just a bit to stimulate the center.
Benio: "Ah, no......umm......auu......"
She reaches for the edge of the bed, but she can't grip it well. She can't tell if that's because of the alcohol or what Haru's doing.
Haru: "It's time to give in."
Benio: "G-give in? ......auu......! Nn, nnn......!"
While she was distracted by the hand on her chest, the other hand snuck down where it shouldn't be.
Benio: "Wait, seriously, not there......umm......hauuu, nn......kya! Stop......!"
Haru: "I'm trying to teach you something. Don't you want it to feel good next time you do it with Akihito?"
Haru doesn't let up. Her hands both move skillfully as if they're separate beings.
She caresses Benio's reserved chest through the bra, running a finger along the protrusion inside.
Benio: "Haa, ahu......i-it's not that important......huwa, mm......! A-as long as......Akihito enjoys it, I don't......"
Haru: "That's no good. Boys love seeing the girl moan with pleasure."
Haru's hand works its way inside the bra.
Benio: "S-stop......mmm! Ah, haaaa......O-...O-Haru-saaan......not...my chest......"
Her back goes numb and her hips go limp.
She should be completely sober by now, but her body still won't listen to her.
Haru: "All right, your chest is pretty sensitive. Now what about below......"
Haru melts Benio's will with perfectly attuned caresses only another woman can perform. Her fingertip rubs Benio's crotch through her panties.
Benio: "Hiunnn!"
Benio's body is already getting hot, and she lets out a loud cry.
Haru: "Aww, that was cute. I'll rub here some more."
Benio: "N-no......mmm! Ha, hau, stop......stop, stop......! Wh-why......can't I...move......nnu, haa......"
At first Haru's hand was rubbing gently, but she gradually puts more force into it. She accurately rubs Benio's sensitive spots.
Benio: "Nooo......! N-not......there......! N-nowhere else either, but especially not there......aaann!"
Her feeble resistance ends after a slight pinch of her nipple. A sweet numbness rises from the base of her hips up her back.
Haru's just getting started, but Benio's already completely immobilized.
She keeps thinking she can't let this happen, but she can't bring herself to move. Instead she wonders if this is what girls in porn feel like when they're going 'Noooo!' but not fighting it.
Haru: "Don't worry, I won't touch directly down there, all right? It's not cheating if there's cloth in the way."
Benio: "That's not the......! Ah, aannn! Ha, ah, nnu......aha! Hua......ah......!"
Haru: "You're really sensitive down here too, though you're not that wet. Maybe you just don't secrete much. Well, once you're used to it this'll get easier."
Benio: "Hyaaaa......!! Ah, hua!"
Benio tries biting her lower lip, but she still can't hold her voice in. Haru's just rubbing near her entrance, but her hips are moving on their own.
Benio: "Mm! Mmm! Hu, uuunn......! Ha, aaa, ah! Uu......nn! Hiunnn!"
Benio: "Mmah! Ah, nn! Yaa, ah! Haa, haa, haa......! Aau......mm, mmmmm!"
Haru: "This isn't the real thing. You don't have to hold back. When you're doing it with Akihito you'll have to think about the timing though."
She's still gentle, but her unrelenting stimulations makes Benio writhe.
Benio: "Ah! Ah! Ah! S-something's......ah! Uhuu, mmm......! Ha......haa! Nn......!"
Haru: "Just one more push."
Benio: "Hua! Ah! Aaah, ha! Hiaa......! Uhua, mmm......! Haaaaaa!"
Shivers race through her body as she drowns in a rising sensation. Her voice continues to go higher.
Benio: "Ah, haaaaa, huaaaaaaaaaaaa............!!!!"
Benio crosses the final line and falls into the white vacuum of climax.
She then loses consciousness――――
Benio: "..................ah............"
Haru: "Morning."
Benio: "Ukyaaa!?"
She hurriedly tries to protect herself, but her clothes are already back on. Haru must've done that while she was asleep.
Haru: "I bought that underwear at the corner shop. Sorry for getting yours wet."
Benio: "Aau......"
She's so embarrassed she could die.
Haru: "And here's a parting gift."
She tosses it over and Benio catches it without thinking.
Benio: "Ho............?"
Haru: "That's O-Haru-san's secret weapon."
Haru: "Lotion! Just what you need to get wet, Benio-chan."
Benio: "I don't need this!!"
She throws it back at high speed.
Haru: "Don't be modest. It'll be more fun the next time you do it."
Benio: "..................ha, hahahahaha."
Benio: "Aaah.................."
She groans with a dull, hoarse voice.
Shock, defeat, and many other things finally hit her, making her collapse onto the bed.
====================H0280_裏側の事情.json====================
An early morning call wakes me up instead of my alarm clock. I answer it by reflex without looking at the display.
Akihito: "Yeeesh?"
Kururi: "Good morning, Kouhai. It's good for your health to keep a strict sleep schedule."
Akihito: "Don't say that after waking me up......"
It's the super-detective, of all people.
Kururi: "I found something out, so I wanted to tell you before we went to school. Kururi-chan's being extra nice to you."
Akihito: "......is this about Yamate's girlfriend?"
Kururi: "Nope."
Her answer wakes me up. I shake my head and sit up cross-legged on the bed.
Akihito: "I told you that you didn't need to look into Yamate."
Kururi: "I didn't, this came up on its own. Dogs bump into poles wherever they walk, just as cats step on landmines."
Akihito: "Don't step on them."
Kururi: "Don't worry. I'll be shielding you when it happens, Aki-chan."
Akihito: "That's even worse!"
Why am I friends with her again? I search my memories, but I still don't understand.
Akihito: "So basically......they are together? I don't really need to know what he's up to with his girlfriend......"
Kururi: "Yep, they're hiding out on top of the hill."
That phrase stirs my heart. That's the place where Girl A connected us to Babylon.
Akihito: "Hiding out? ......in the ruined buildings?"
Kururi: "It's a perfect place to lay low. They're protected from the elements, and everyone thinks it's haunted so no one's ever there, except the occasional lowlife."
Kururi: "They're in room 604 of Eastern Wing 8. The girl is―――"
I scribble all this down.
Akihito: "Okay, thanks."
Kururi: "You're welcome. Tell Beni-chan I said hi."
Akihito: "Tell the woman you were with I said hi."
Kururi: "Cheater. Geheheheheh. Also, send the payment to the usual Swiss bank account."
I call Kagome. She's not there. A dry electronic message plays from the answering machine.
Akihito: ".........guess she's out."
After thinking for a while, I make another call. Benio didn't come home last night.
Instead, Mayuki calls me. She tells me in an unhappy voice that Benio stayed with Haru overnight.
Akihito: "......why do you sound unhappy?"
Mayuki: "There are many reasons, but why not put a hand to your heart and think about it yourself?"
Akihito: "......I have committed no sin."
Mayuki: "Why are all men like this......?"
The pipsqueak criticizes me like a woman.
A tool the size of my hand lets me communicate with someone I can't even see.
No matter where she is, the press of a single button will let me talk to her. Sometimes those connections feel forceful.
I call Benio's phone. It takes a while for her to pick up, probably because it's so early.
Benio: "Yeeesh?"
Akihito: "You sound awful. Did you catch a cold?"
Benio: "......yeah, something like that. I really hurt. My head and chest keep throbbing."
Akihito: "I know where Yamate is now. I'm gonna go look for him. Things might get bad. I was hoping you might come with me, but if you're sick......"
Benio: "I'll be right there."
Benio arrives in Haru's car.
Haru: "We're here."
Benio: "H-hello!"
Benio flies out of the passenger seat like an insect fleeing into the shadows.
Akihito: "You were with O-Haru-san? That's right, Mayuki said you stayed with her."
Haru: "We had a girls' night out."
Benio: "Y-yeah!"
Benio: "It really doesn't matter, it doesn't matter in the slightest, but I was with O-Haru-san last night!"
She acts as suspicious as humanly possible.
Akihito: "......what's with her?"
Haru: "She drank last night, so maybe she's still hung over. If her liver stays that weak she might have problems in the future."
Akihito: "......a hangover? You don't have to come with me if you have a headache. I still don't know if anything bad happened to Yamate. I can go alone."
―――I do know.
Yamate's gone into hiding on that hill. There has to be a reason for that.
Benio: "I-......I'm fine! Really, I'm fine! It's j-j-just, j-j-j-j-just a hangover, yeah a hangover!"
Benio stiffens up every time O-Haru-san talks, moving ever so slightly closer to me.
I have no idea what that reaction means......maybe Haru made her drink too much?
Akihito: "So, you're sure you're fine?"
Benio: "I am! I'm fine!"
Haru: "She sweated a lot, so the alcohol should be out of her system now."
Benio: "Sweat!? Y-yes, it should!"
Haru: "Since Benio-chan didn't tell me, where are you heading today? It doesn't look like you're going on a nice, fun date."
Akihito: "We're heading to that hill to investigate something. Are you free today, O-Haru-san? It might be nice to have a car......"
Benio: "Eeeh!?"
She screams like someone in a Munch painting.
Akihito: "......what's wrong?"
Benio: "Nothing! It's absolutely nothing!"
Haru: "Hmmm, could you tell me the details?"
Akihito: "Basically, there's this guy called Yamate in my class――――"
After I explain it, Haru decides to come with us.
Akihito: "This might turn out to be something dangerous, so......"
I'd like to deal with this on my own.
But we're a coμ. Sadly, we can't live or die alone.
Haru: "Hmmm, so you'd like as many people as possible."
So this is what happens.
On top of the hill.
Because the apartment complexes up here are so old and decrepit, there are No Trespassing signs on a fence around the area.
We can't get through the fence in the car, so we get out and walk.
Since the sun's up high now, the ruined buildings look like fossils.
It's only been half a year since the last resident left.
Once the last signs of life vanish, a building turns into a husk of its former self in no time at all.
Because of the bright sunlight, we can clearly see their emptiness, like the dark, hollow space inside a skull.
Haru: "It feels so different in the daytime."
Haru's voice normally sounds unshakable no matter what happens, but now there's a subtle emotion in it. 
Akihito: "You feel it too, O-Haru-san?"
Benio: "Huh? Akihito......you don't know?"
Haru: "Do you remember what happened here? I guess it was five years ago."
Akihito: "......I wasn't in Takakura back then."
Benio: "I had no idea."
Akihito: "Really? I thought I mentioned that......I lived in this city a long time ago, but my family had to move elsewhere for work."
Akihito: "I only got back here about half a year ago."
Benio: "I......see."
A gentle wind blows. The spring winds from the ruins smell of rust.
Haru: "This is where the biggest explosion happened five years ago."
There was an incident five years ago. A series of terrorist attacks lasting seven days and seven nights. Several buildings were destroyed, and countless people died.
Haru: "So that part of the complex is called "ground zero.""
Akihito: "Who chose to call it something that ominous?"
Haru: "It's local slang. The worst of the damage happened around there."
Haru: "It's a little east of here. The place looks like a cruise missile landed on it......"
Akihito: "Ah, I think I heard about that from the news."
Haru: "It was right in the middle of a bunch of buildings, but there weren't that many people around at the time so it wasn't as lethal as it looks."
Benio: "......the worst off were two apartment buildings that utterly collapsed."
Benio's footsteps slow down. A ruined apartment complex. Empty verandas. The sky. The clouds. Her gaze passes over them one by one.
Benio: "Those buildings fell down early in the morning, so most of the residents hadn't left for work yet............"
They were completely wiped out.
Haru: "Five years already......time passes so quickly."
Benio: "It was so bad back then. I knew a few girls who got killed in that......"
This town is home to all of us, but I don't share these experiences. For Benio and Haru, the events of five years ago connect to painful memories.
Akihito: "So Yamate knew about that too......"
Benio: "No one who knows about that would live up here. If he's hiding here, something bad must be happening......"
Haru: "It wouldn't be my first choice for a safe house."
Benio: "......actually, I was a bit scared."
Benio: "When Girl A summoned me here. Everyone says this place is haunted and all......"
Benio: "I wondered......if I was being summoned to my death or something......but it didn't feel like it, so I forced myself to go. Then I found you, and O-Haru-san, and......"
Akihito: "......"
The first time I came here, Kagome didn't tell me any of this.
Did the witch feel something here too? Or did she just look down on it and laugh with her usual cold scorn?
We pass through the ruins, and come out into a wide open area.
The remains from the two fallen buildings have been left exactly as they were. The signs of that incident are just as vivid now as they were five years ago.
The mountain of rubble reminds me of an altar. A religious symbol of the terrorist acts that cult committed.
Akihito: "......the news covered it for days, so I've heard about this, but it's still hard to take in."
Haru: "Yeah."
The maid plays with her braided hair. That's an unusual expression for her.
Benio: "......it was really scary."
Benio: "Umm......I was there when it happened. One of the other incidents, I mean."
Benio: "I was looking at a building across the street, and it suddenly exploded. I thought I was dreaming at first."
The area's slightly dark, probably because of the forest of buildings around us. The sunlight that makes it through seems to be illuminating only the area around the altar.
Just being here makes me feel gloomy. I doubt Yamate wanted to come hide here either.
We quickly find Yamate's room.
I stop and think in front of the rusty door. He'd probably freak out if I just opened the door, but a knock would be pretty weird too out here.
As I'm thinking, the door opens on its own.
Shrine Maiden: "Ah......"
Akihito: "Ah............?"
Someone comes out in a shrine maiden's outfit.
Haru: "A shrine maiden."
Shrine Maiden: "A maid."
We have a maid in our group. The two cosplayers stare at each other.
Benio: "Uwa, why does this feel so weird......? Should we be saying something......?"
Yamate: "Monou, is someone there......!?"
Shrine Maiden: "Ah, Yoshirou, it's a maid......"
Yamate: "......a maid......?"
The voice from inside brings back vague memories.
I recognize the shrine maiden. She's Yamate's girlfriend.
I'm pretty sure Kururi said her name was Tokiha Monou.
Yamate: "What do you mean "a maid......?""
Yamate pokes his head out.
Akihito: "Yamate, I'm here to visit you."
Yamate: "Y-you......Mizuwa!? Why are you here!? Did you follow me......!!?"
Akihito: "Follow? Well, I figured you might've done something bad since you're hiding out here, but I'm not gonna do anything to you."
Monou: "Yoshirou......you know him......?"
Yamate: "......he's a classmate. But what are you doing here......?"
He recoils with fear, just like as a stray cat.
Akihito: "I'll explain, but first, there's one thing I absolutely have to ask."
Yamate: "Wh-what is it......?"
Akihito: "Why is your girlfriend wearing a shrine maiden costume?"
The ultimate question. Did an ordinary guy like him really get a girlfriend who'd cosplay for him? My jealousy is palpable.
Monou: "I live at a shrine."
The mystery is solved. She actually is a shrine maiden.
Yamate: "Anyway, you have to leave! It's dangerous here!"
Akihito: "It is? Then we definitely can't leave."
I went out of my way to ask about the shrine maiden, but Yamate's already forgotten about our maid. He must really be worried about something.
Yamate: "I'm not kidding! Please, go home!"
Akihito: "Hey, Yamate, didn't you bump into me when you ran out of that party the other night?"
Yamate: "Party? ......wait, Mizuwa, if you......that means......so that was......!"
He's clearly shaken by this. It's not the nicest way to test someone, but now I'm almost certain Yamate's involved in something coμ-related.
Akihito: "Don't panic. We're here to help."
Yamate: "Hel......p......?"
Benio: "That's right! If you're in trouble, we want to help you. After all, we're co――......"
I cover Benio's mouth.
Akihito: "Yamate......can we talk about this in front of her?"
Yamate: "......yes, Monou knows about avatars."
Monou: "I do......"
She nods slightly.
Akihito: "Okay, then I'll be blunt."
Akihito: "What did you do? Is someone trying to kill you?"
Yamate: "............"
Monou: "............"
They look at each other and go quiet. They're trying to decide whether they should tell us, whether we're on their side or not.
Akihito: "Don't be so suspicious. I know we haven't talked much, but we're still classmates."
Yamate: "I'm not sure that's enough......"
Akihito: "If we were really here to kill you, we'd just send in our avatar first."
Yamate: "That's true, but still............"
Haru: "Well, I can understand not being able to trust us right off the bat."
Benio: "I mean it, we're on your side! We want to help."
They both stay quiet for a while.
Monou: "......Yoshirou, they're going to find us eventually, so let's ask these people for help."
Monou holds Yamate's hand, as if giving him an invisible power.
Yamate: "Monou......"
Akihito: "What happened to you guys? Why are people trying to kill you?"
Monou: "Come on, Yoshirou."
Yamate: "......all right, I'll tell you everything I know."
Yamate's safe house is in relatively good condition. We all head inside and start talking again.
Yamate: "......you're right, I'm a connector."
Yamate: "I met Girl A very recently......after I started going out with Monou. That's why she knows about it."
Yamate: "I was connected to a monster along with four others I've never met. I didn't have the slightest idea what to do about it. Then one of them got information from somewhere."
Yamate: "A man called Satou, who always seemed to have a lot of money. He had a strong personality, so he ended up being our leader."
Akihito: "......did anyone come from the Round Table to help you out?"
Yamate: "No, nothing like that."
Haru: "I see. They missed him."
No one submits paperwork when they become a connector. There's probably tons of people the Round Table never realized had avatars.
Akihito: "So who did your leader get that information from?"
The internet. Other coμs. The Round Table. There are plenty of sources a connector might have, but all seeds need water in order to bloom.
Satou must have come into contact with another connector at some point.
Yamate: "Dunno. I never found out......"
Yamate: "And then, that night......"
He didn't even tell his own coμ the source. 
Akihito: "The night of the party?"
Yamate: "Satou brought us there. He said there were lots of other coμs like us, but I was still shocked to see so many."
I remember feeling the same way. I can sympathize with that.
Yamate: "It was really noisy there, and I wasn't sure what was going on, but we all got swept up in the excitement."
Yamate: "And then......out of the blue, Satou said, 'Prepare yourself. It's almost time for us to kill people with this sword......'"
Monou: "Yoshirou......"
Haru: "Oya, that is a big jump."
Benio: "What the hell......!? Kill people? ......how can he say that so easily......?"
Yamate: "Two of the others were close to Satou, so the three of them were making all the decisions."
Yamate: "I and the fifth guy were scared at first, but we were also afraid of disobeying Satou......"
Yamate: "But......how could I do something like that!? I'm not a murderer!"
Akihito: "Shh! Even out here, it's still not safe to shout like that."
Yamate: "Ah......yeah, sorry......in the end I said I couldn't do it and tried to leave, then Kinoshita followed me――"
Yamate: "......Kinoshita was the other guy like me. Satou must've blackmailed him or something, because he looked really desperate......and......he pulled out a blade......I just ran for it."
I can hear Benio gasp.
Akihito: "So that was when you bumped into me?"
Yamate: "I ran all the way home, but they could easily kill me there with the avatar, so......I was too scared to stay there, and asked Monou to help me move here......"
Heretics always eat away at the group, so the group has to exterminate them to keep itself alive.
Yamate: "......Mizuwa, you know way more about coμs than I do, right? Please help......the truth is I'm still worried about having Monou here with me......"
Monou: "Yoshirou, I told you I'm fine. I made sure no one followed us."
Haru: "You never know for sure. There are lots of avatars out there. For all we know, some might be able to watch us from miles away or track our scents."
Monou: "Uu, but......"
Yamate: "Please! Do something about this......!"
Akihito: "That's why I came here......"
Though we just don't have enough clues. Without more information, I can't decide what to do.
Akihito: "Yamate, do you know anything else? Like who he wanted you guys to kill?"
Yamate: "Mizawa? Mijima? ......something like that. I only heard it once that night so I'm not sure, but I think he was on the same side as the masked guy."
Benio: "Caesar!?"
An ally of Gasai. Mizawa or Mijima or whoever is being targeted by a coμ the Round Table knows nothing about.
Akihito: "......we might be able to do something about that."
Information has value. I might be able to trade this for Gasai's assistance later.
Yamate: "Really!? Thank you! I don't want this power anymore. I'll do whatever it takes to get rid of it......!"
Akihito: "............I wish I could help you with that. Anyway, for the time being keep hiding here."
Yamate: "Okay............"
To get rid of it―――
You can't escape the coμ rules. No matter how much you wail and plead, you can't sever these connections.
Does Yamate not know that? Or is he simply begging for the impossible?
Yamate lowers his head and grabs my knees.
We leave the hill before sunset. Haru agrees to drive Monou home, but Yamate has to stay in the ruins for a little while longer.
Haru steps on the accelerator.
I glimpse the town's painful scar briefly in the side mirror.
Monou: "Umm......Mizuwa...san?"
From the passenger seat, I hear Monou's uneasy voice behind me.
Monou: "Please......save Yoshirou."
Benio: "Tokiha-san............"
Monou: "We can't go to the police about this, so I don't know what else to do......"
Monou: "I know it's an unreasonable request, but is there anything you can do for him......?"
Haru: "I think it'll work out. Believe it or not, Akihito has a lot of friends in high places."
Haru's words are probably a gentle lie. I do have those friends, but that doesn't guarantee anything.
Monou: "Then......?"
And yet, Monou feels reassured.
Akihito: "......"
I remember Yamate's mother.
Family bonds. There's someone praying for his safety. 
If anything happens to Yamate, his mother and Ikuha will cry.
It's easy to take a life, but the wound that leaves won't disappear, like a chess piece removed from the board.
Akihito: "I'll do what I can."
Benio: "Yeah, I'm sure we can save him."
Monou: "Thank you......so much......!"
Benio takes Monou's hand and adds the "I'm sure" that I couldn't say.
Monou: "I......umm......"
Her words continue awkwardly.
Monou: "I lost someone close to me recently......a childhood friend, almost like a brother, but he was in one of the group deaths......so he must have been......"
He was also in a coμ.
Benio: "That's just......"
Monou: "Tetora-onii-chan......was so kind to me......"
The air in the car freezes. Monou is the only one who doesn't notice it.
Monou: "He was such a good brother......"
Benio: "――――――"
Benio's hand moves away from Monou with fear. Monou doesn't notice her shivering fingers.
Akihito: "......what was his full name?"
Monou: "Karasuma Tetora. Yoshirou said he must have died in some kind of fight."
Haru: "............"
Karasuma Tetora―――The leader of Jack the Ripper's coμ. He attacked us several times, especially Benio, and in the end we killed him with Babylon.
Monou: "So......I don't want anyone else to suffer that same fate......"
Monou: "Please, save Yoshirou at least. I beg of you......!"
Monou's crying.Monou and Karasuma. I don't know how they were connected or how long they spent together.
But we're the ones who killed Monou's "kind onii-chan."
My heart pounds harder than usual. My vision narrows and my breath grows shallow.
I press one hand against my chest. I knew this was a possibility.
I knew this when I pulled the trigger.
I killed Karasuma. I don't regret it, but the consequences still hurt.
Everyone's alone, but no one can live or die by themselves. One domino falling over takes countless others with it.
That's a fact of this gentle kingdom that no one can change.
Akihito: "......we'll save Yamate, somehow."
Haru drives us to the shrine Monou lives at. Monou bows several times and waves as we drive away. 
Akihito: "I still don't get it. Why try to kill one of Caesar's friends?"
Benio: "............"
Akihito: "......Benio?"
Benio: "Y-......yeah, it's nothing......we've gotta help Yamate-kun......"
She doesn't look like it's nothing. Her face is pale, as if she could collapse at any moment.
Akihito: "Anyway, I'll try making some calls. O-Haru-san, thanks for driving us."
Haru: "Welcome. I guess that's it for today."
The maid is tough. She turns the wheel with her usual carefree attitude despite the heavy truth we just heard.
Benio: "............"
Benio looks down at the ground.
We killed Jack the Ripper. It's a heavy truth, but it's just a metaphor.
Killing someone with an avatar makes it feel much lighter. We just glimpsed a side of Karasuma that wasn't Jack the Ripper. A scar left behind when we usurped the human Karasuma Tetora.
Like Benio said before, there was someone who'd cry for him.
We just saw the girl who mourned Jack the Ripper's death.
Haru: "Here we are."
Akihito: "Huh? The station? Weren't you driving us home?"
Haru: "I could drive you guys the rest of the way, but......"
Haru glances at Benio behind us.
Haru: "This is when the boy's supposed to comfort her."
Akihito: "............me?"
Haru: "Oh, so cold. You're throwing her away after taking her virginity?"
Akihito: "............!!"
Why does she know that!?
Haru: "So what'll you do?"
She can be surprisingly considerate sometimes.
Akihito: "......thank you for your insightful opinion."
Akihito: "Benio."
I get out of the car and open the back door.
Benio: "......what? ......we're still at the station?"
Akihito: "Come with me."
Benio: "Eh......? Okay......"
Akihito: "You shouldn't hold it all in."
Benio: "............yeah."
Haru: "O-Haru-san will be heading home now."
Akihito: "Okay. Thanks again for driving."
Haru: "You're welcome."
Haru: "Ah, by the way."
She waves me over.
Akihito: "Something else?"
Haru: "She should be fine this time."
She whispers into my ear.
Akihito: "......I've gotta ask. Are you sure you're okay, O-Haru-san? It hit me pretty hard."
Haru: "O-Haru-san isn't made to think about tricky things like that. I prefer to use these instead of my brain."
She shakes her evil chest.
Akihito: "I see......"
Haru: "But there is one thing."
Akihito: "I shall graciously consider the opinion of my elder."
Haru: "If you're helping Yamate-kun as some kind of atonement, you should stop."
Akihito: "......"
Haru: "We haven't sinned, have we?"
Akihito: "You're saying Jack was self-defense?"
Haru: "Not that. The Coμnet doesn't have any police."
Haru: "So we didn't do anything wrong."
Akihito: "......"
The maid isn't ashamed at all. She doesn't try to talk around what we did.
She just tells it like it is.
Akihito: "......maybe I haven't lived long enough to avoid feeling bad about such things yet."
Haru: "Well, everyone's different. Have fun with Benio-chan."
I watch Haru's car drive away while holding Benio's shoulders.
Her shoulders are cold, shaking from pain.
====================H0290_紅緒とH01.json====================
Benio: "............"
Akihito: "............"
Just like the last time we came here, we sit down on the bed without saying a word.
But it feels different this time. The air is so heavy that our thoughts and movements are slow.
Akihito: "......Benio, are you okay?"
Benio: "Somehow......yeah, I'm fine......I'm recovering......"
Akihito: "Don't push yourself too hard."
I move closer and put an arm around her shoulders. Benio leans her head against me.
Akihito: "......"
No words.
Benio: "......u-umm......"
Benio: "............thank you."
The space between us disappears. I can now feel her breathing and her heartbeat.
Benio: "It was a little too heavy......on my own......"
Akihito: "I see."
Benio: "Will you......help me recover......?"
Akihito: "I'll be right here."
Benio goes quiet.
We're so close, holding each other, our skin touching, but other people are still just other people.
The gap between people can't be filled. We can never touch each other's hearts.
Benio: "............huhu!"
Benio suddenly laughs.
Akihito: "......are you okay?"
Akihito: "You are recovering, right?"
I get worried. Benio usually recovers quickly, but she is very easily shaken.
Benio: "......I'm okay......I'll be fine......"
Benio: "It's pretty stupid......worrying about something like this......isn't it?"
Akihito: "Don't force yourself."
Benio: "I'm not......forcing anything......"
Benio: "I'm just wondering......if I should stop letting things like this affect me."
That doesn't sound like her at all.
Benio: "......maybe I should just......focus on enjoying my life."
Neither regretting the past or fearing the future. Living only in the moment.
That's probably one form of happiness.
Akihito: "............"
I hold her shaking shoulders and stay perfectly still.
If strange things happen often enough, they become normal.
At some point, the difference became unclear, and one of the consequences of our actions has been shoved in our faces.
Should I try to cheer her up? To console her?
―――How?
By telling her she did nothing wrong?
Or......
By telling her it couldn't be helped?
Fighting for justice is just a dream, like a flawless gemstone.
It doesn't exist in the real world.
One person's justice is always another person's evil. We're always fighting to define what's right.
Haru: （Not that. The Coμnet doesn't have any police.）
The maid's sweet words.
―――Why can't we kill people?
The simplest answer to that naive question is "Because it's against the rules."
Without rules, you can't have a kingdom.
Those who break the rules get punished. The force needed to do that is promised righteousness.
But in the Coμnet, there's no moral authority to appeal to.
So―――
Why not live a little more carefree?
Convenient things, delicious things, fun things, pleasant things――
Do things because they're fun. If the risk outweighs the potential fun, don't do it.
A simple logic. It works no matter where you are or what you're doing.
In that case you might as well forget every last――
Akihito: "............don't forget."
Benio: "Eh......?"
Akihito: "......you can run away, you can fall over, you can even cry......if you want......"
Akihito: "I don't mean you should regret it, but......"
I can't put it into words.
Akihito: "You can't......forget......"
The past won't disappear. You can hide it and bury it, but it'll still be connected to where you are right now.
I'm busy enough dealing with my own problems. Can I push this onto someone else?
Benio: "That's harsh......"
Akihito: "......sorry, forget I said anything......"
Benio: "But......well......you might......be right about that."
Benio: "We did do that...after all......"
There are plenty of things in the world that are better off forgotten. The natural response isn't always the right answer.
Benio: "......"
And yet, Benio seems to understand.
Benio: "Nnnn,there!"
Akihito: "What? ......uwa! H-hey!?"
Benio pushes me down onto the bed with a fun though tense voice.
Benio: "......life's too short to miss out on love, right?"
Benio: "Let's give this another shot."
Akihito: "You sure you wanna do that so soon?"
I wasn't planning on doing anything here. I just wanted somewhere private so no one would disturb us.
Benio: "No way to know how much time we have left."
Those words feel exceptionally heavy given what we just learned.
Benio: "I want to treasure how I feel at this moment, so I won't have any regrets no matter when it ends......"
Benio: "There's no point making choices that you'll just regret later, right?"
Benio: "No matter what it's about......"
She sounds like she's trying to convince herself.
Akihito: "......well, people say rushing love causes a lot of regrets too, but......"
Benio: "That's a different issue."
Akihito: "You're sure?"
Benio: "Yeah."
She nuzzles up against me like an animal.
She wants affection. It's too hard for her to hold it in by herself. She wants proof that someone's here with her.
A fairy tale you get by touching, by connecting to someone else. A gentle lie that someone else truly understands you.
Even transient pleasure can heal pain.
Akihito: "Okay then......but are you sure you'll be okay this time?"
Benio: "Yeah......probably. Umm......I'll take my clothes off this time."
Akihito: "Can I watch?"
Benio: "Not yet. Turn around and take your clothes off too, Akihito."
Benio: "This really is embarrassing......"
Akihito: "Gonna have to get used to it."
Benio isn't sure what to do with her hands. There are parts she wants to cover up, but she also feels like she shouldn't be hiding anything.
Benio: "N-no licking or anything, got it!?"
Akihito: "If you get wet enough, then I won't need to."
Benio: "Ah! That's right, O-Haru-san gave me......"
Akihito: "Hm? What is it?"
Benio: "N-nothing! It's nothing!"
Benio's freaking out a lot today.
Akihito: "Okay, then......"
Benio: "Ah, ha............"
I've seen it before, but her chest is still really smooth. Her breasts are small but sensitive. I can feel her shaking just by putting the palm of my hand on them.
Benio: "Hau......i-it still feels weird letting someone else touch me......ahu, nn......nyu......my face feels hot too."
I can feel her heart beating fiercely. She's always asking me to do this, but she keeps getting embarrassed when I do.
Akihito: "Your body's getting really excited."
Benio: "Is that what it is? ......aau, mm......I still feel...scared too......hau, ah, auuu......"
I stroke her chest, ever so slightly changing its shape.
Being so tense is making her extra sensitive. The pink tips have been hard from the beginning.
Benio: "Uuu......ha! ......mm......A-Akihito......shouldn't we......turn off the lights or something?"
Akihito: "Nope."
Benio: "You're mean......nna......! Ha, mm, m......haa, haa......ahu......haaa......"
Her breathing sounds very childish for her age, but there is a sweet girly scent coming off her.
Benio: "Haa......nn! Nnn......aaa, ha! ......nku......fuuu, hau, nn, nnn......"
Her chest gets hotter and hotter as I touch it. I gently caress the rest of her body, then start touching her nipples.
Benio: "Hiunnn......!"
Benio jumps and puts a hand on her chest.
Akihito: "You're oversensitive because you're too tense. Loosen up more."
Benio: "B-but......ah......nhu......! There's no way I can relax......unn......ha! Ah, hiu!"
Akihito: "Oh well, being oversensitive makes it more fun for me."
I pinch the charming, quivering pink protrusions with both hands.
Benio: "Nn......! Ihu......! Mm! Ha, ah......!"
I kiss Benio's neck as her breathing gets rough. I want to ease her into it as much as possible.
Benio: "Uhuu......! Nn, ha......nooo......that makes me twitch......ahu......haa, haa, haa......"
Akihito: "Does it feel bad?"
Benio: "Not......bad, I think."
Akihito: "Your neck is getting goosebumps."
Benio: "But that part's......sensitive......hyaaannn! Ah, haaaaa......ah! Nnu......!"
Benio's sensitive everywhere, not just her neck.
I lick her slender, girly shoulders up to her neck. At the same time, I gently press on her nipple with my thumb.
Benio: "Uyuu......! Nnha......ha! Hi! Iin......ah, ah......haa, haa......uuu......"
I rub her nipple around and kiss her ear, then her cheek, then her lips.
Benio: "Mm, huu......! Mmm! *kiss* *kiss* Mm......mm! *kiss* Nnha......! Huuuuuunn......!"
Her mouth is busy moaning, so I only kiss it gently, but even that's enough to make Benio's eyes melt.
Benio: "Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! ......aha......! Ii! Mm......huu, huuu......mm! Mm......! Haa......!"
I don't want her to tense up again, so I slowly... very slowly reach one hand down, trying to keep her from noticing.
Benio: "Haa, haa, haa, haa......A-Akihitooo......it really is embarrassing being touched like this......a-are you sure we need to keep going?"
Akihito: "Wh-what are you talking about? You smacked me last time after we did more than this."
Benio: "Uuuu......buuut......"
I've missed my chance, so I stop moving my hand down.
It didn't work last time because we rushed it. I should try spending more time on her upper body first.
Benio: "Ah......! Nnhu......haa, hau......Akihitooo......hifu, nn......haa, haa......"
I kiss her neck again, then lick down from there to her chest.
I lick around the pink center, then put my mouth on it and suck.
Benio: "Hiaaaa......! Ya, ya, ya! Haya, hahya, hi! Nnn, ah, nn......!"
I rub my lips up and down against it.
I stroke her gently with my free hand along the center of her body.
Benio: "Haa......! Nn......! Hu, nku......! Haa, haa, haa......aha......nn, nnnuu......"
Between her breasts, I see the lines of her rib cage. I can understand why some people call this a washing board.
I continue enjoying the touch of her skin, moving one hand from Benio's neck to her hair. I stroke her head as part of an embrace, then continue licking her nipple.
Benio: "Haaaaaa......haaaaa......ah, aha......huaaa......hifu......nn......I like it...when you stroke my hair......"
Benio seems to like the softest possible stimulation.
Benio: "Ah......!!"
Just touching her crevice with one finger makes Benio's whole body stiffen up.
As usual, her vagina is shut tight in a straight line, but hot fluids are still coming out.
Benio: "Hia......! Ya! Aaannn......! Uyu......mm! Hi......! Aha......ah, nn, mmm......!"
I take my mouth off her nipple and kiss her forehead.
As her labia secrete fluid, I can feel them slowly opening up.
Benio: "Hyaaa......ahu! Mm, nuuu......mmm! Haaa! ......uha! Ah......nn......!"
Akihito: "You are wetter than before. This might work today."
Benio: "Yannn......! D-don't say I'm wet......you...idiooot......ah......aha! Nn......haa, haa, haa......"
She doesn't like being talked to, so I focus on the foreplay.
I try pushing one of my fingers against her crevice, but it's still resisting pretty hard.
I poke her entrance several times, soaking my finger in the fluids that come out.
Benio: "Hi! Mm! Ah! Nn, uhu......! Ha! Ha! Ha! ......hiunnn! Haaaaa......"
After getting plenty of fluids, I start rubbing it around. I lubricate her entire crotch, trying to get her labia to open up.
Benio: "Haaaaa......! Ah! Hiiinnn......hu! Uuu......mmmmm......! Haa, haa, aau, uuu......nnnnn!"
She'll get mad if I try to look, so I use only my hearing and touch to tell how she's doing.
Her tight entrance is already relatively loose, so I might be able to get a finger in easily.
Benio: "Huaaaaa......! Y-your......nuuu......!"
I try pushing my middle finger all the way in, and surprisingly it slips in without much effort.
Her entrance is still shut tight because she's so tense, but her insides are wider than before.
Benio: "N-no fingers......! D-don't move around...inside......! Ihu! Mm! Huaaa......!"
Akihito: "I'm not moving it, don't worry. You're the one moving, Benio."
She doesn't seem to be in pain. Maybe I can get two in.
She'll have to open up more than this anyway, so I try pushing my index finger in a bit too.
Benio: "Hyaaaannnnnnn......!! Huuu, mm! Mmuu......ah, haaaaaaaaa......!!!"
I put more force into it in an effort to break through, and my finger suddenly slides all the way in.
Benio: "Aya, aaah! Mm......mmu! Ah, no no no no......you're rubbing......ah! I'm......!"
Just putting my finger inside is enough to make Benio react.
Akihito: "Umm, I'm not doing anything......"
She's reacting so much I'm not sure what to do. I think about pulling out, but her slimy insides are squeezing down tight on my whole finger.
I start pulling my finger out, like tugging on the starter for an engine.
Benio: "Hiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa............!!!!!"
Benio lurches and twists on top of the bed. When my finger comes out, some of her fluids come with it, spraying over the bottom half of the sheets.
Benio: "Ah, ah, ah............! Aha......hu......! Mma............!"
Akihito: "Umm......did you...cum?"
I wasn't even trying to do that yet.
Benio: "Hahu, hahu......ha......! Auu, ua......haa, haa, haa............"
Benio nods as she desperately tries to take in oxygen. Will I really be able to get inside her if she's like this......? 
Akihito: "Benio, I'd like to actually do it soon......do you think you can handle that?"
Benio: "Ahu......nn......mm, huuu......haa, haa......u-umm......that didn't hurt, so I think......it should be fine."
Akihito: "Okay. Like before, I'll try to start off gentle......"
Benio: "Wait."
Benio stops me before I push her legs apart.
Benio: "This time......I'll do it......"
Akihito: "W-wait......seriously?"
Benio: "Yeah......I've heard it goes in easier that way."
Akihito: "Who told you that?"
Benio: "............O-Haru-san."
Akihito: "Why is she giving you advice on this......?"
I press one hand against my temple in annoyance as I let Benio have her way with my crotch.
Benio: "Hmm......th-this is a really......interesting-looking thing......"
Akihito: "I guess it's not cute."
Benio: "No, it seems kinda alien, but it's actually surprisingly cute......*kiss*......"
Akihito: "Uu......!"
Before I can ask if she's serious, she kisses my crotch.
Benio: "Mm......*kiss* *kiss*......I should lick this......right? *lick*......*kiss* Mm......"
Pleasure races up my back. Benio's tongue feels like a lush strawberry.
Benio: "*lick*......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......mm......*lick*......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......*kiss*......"
She was quite timid at first, but she's really starting to get into it. She occasionally looks up to make sure I'm enjoying it, which is really cute.
Benio: "*lick* *lick*......mm! ......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss* Mm......*kiss*......*lick* *lick* *lick*......"
Benio's tongue crawls up from my base and twists around my tip. She carefully licks up and down the glans, then starts to use more than just the tip of her tongue.
Akihito: "Nn......!"
Benio: "*lick* *kiss* *kiss*......mm......should I suck it......?"
She asks while rubbing my thing against her tongue.
She's so weak when I do stuff to her, but she's strangely good when it's her turn.
Akihito: "Uu......! Yeah, maybe......I think that'd be good."
Benio: "Huhuhu, you're really enjoying this, Akihito......hamu, nmumumumu......*lick* *lick*......*slurp*......"
I bend back without thinking when she puts me inside her hot, sticky mouth. After Benio's reactions earlier, I'm pretty sensitive too.
Benio: "Npu......! *kiss* *lick* Mm......*suck* *kiss*......*kiss!* Nnu, nyupu, *kiss* *kiss*"
Without realizing it, I've been gritting my teeth and breathing through them. I think about how to avoid doing anything that might startle her, but Benio's tongue just keeps moving around.
Benio: "Npu, *kiss* *kiss*......*kiss!* Mm, mpu......*lick* *lick*......*kiss* *kiss* Nnmumu......"
The wet ring of her lips rubs me up and down. I feel my tip being licked, then the sides, then everywhere else.
The mere fact that Benio's sucking on me is exciting in and of itself. My pleasure rises before long.
Akihito: "Nn......u."
Benio: "*lick*......*kiss* *kiss*, *kiss*, *suck*......*kiss!* Hau......umm, when you're about to......"
Akihito: "Yeah, I know, I'll warn you."
Benio: "Not that......I mean......you can go ahead and cum, in my mouth......"
Akihito: "......you don't have to......uuu."
She shakes her hand, telling me it's fine, and swallows me whole again.
Benio: "Nyupupupu......*lick* *kiss*, nyupu......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......*suck!* *lick* *smack* *smack*......"
She's never even seen a penis up close before, but she gets the hang of this in no time.
Benio's already found a pattern I like, so she starts stimulating the base while moving her head rhythmically.
Benio: "*suck* *kiss* Nn! Nnpu! *kiss* *lick* *lick* *lick*......*kiss!*"
My lower body gets hotter, and my chest feels a strange pressure. I'm panting like a dog, so I know I'm near my limit.
Benio: "Nyupu! *kiss* *kiss* *lick*......*kiss!* Mm......amumu......*smack* *kiss* Nn, nupupupu."
I can't resist the urge to put a hand on Benio's head.
Benio realizes I'm close. She stops checking my face so she can focus and speed up.
Akihito: "Huu......!"
Benio: "Nnpu! *kiss* Mm! Mm! *kiss* *suck* *suck!* Mm, mpu, *kiss*, *lick!*"
I realize my hips are moving on their own, violating Benio's mouth.
When I look down and see my thing jammed into her mouth and filling her cheeks, I hit my limit.
Benio: "Nnpu! *kiss* *lick* *lick*......!"
Akihito: "Uua......! B-Benio......!!"
Benio: "Mmmmmmm!!!? Mmpu! Mm! Mgu......!!"
I release so much sperm into Benio's mouth that some of it spills out.
The semen in her mouth mixes with her saliva as it leaks out.
Benio: "Mm......mmu! Mm............hau......"
Akihito: "Haa, haa, haa, haa......!"
Benio: "Mm! Mmm......! Mm, this stuff's......really sticky and hard to drink...... Mm, mmu!"
Akihito: "You don't have to go that far......"
Before I can stop her, Benio swallows it.
Is this something else Haru told her......?
Haru: （Boys like it when you swallow their sperm――）
......she would totally say that.
Benio: "Hunyaaaaa......haaaaaa......that tasted weird, but it was kinda erotic......"
Akihito: "You're so cute...Benio............"
She's trying so hard to please me, I can't help but see her that way.
Benio: "Eh? ......d-don't say......things like that......so bluntly......"
I know touching someone won't truly bring me closer to them, but I can feel a precious, definite sensation filling my chest.
Benio: "Nyuuu......"
Benio's completely naked, and she just sucked me off, yet whispering that is still enough to get her completely red.
My thing hasn't weakened at all.
I watch Benio curl up with some of my semen still on her lips. I want to be connected to her as soon as possible.
Akihito: "Benio!"
Benio: "Wakya!?"
This time I push Benio down.
Benio: "U-uwa......wait......isn't this even more embarrassing than last time......?"
Akihito: "You're imagining things."
Benio: "Uuuuu......I feel like an animal in this position......"
Akihito: "Humans are animals too. And if I do this from the front, you might hit me again."
Benio: "Auuu......"
Benio complains about being on all fours with her butt facing me. She doesn't seem as embarrassed as her words imply. What she did to me must be making her more confident.
I grab her firm, shaking buttocks with both hands.
Benio: "Huwa......this is tense......"
Akihito: "Sorry, but I want to be inside you right now, Benio. I can't resist any longer."
Benio: "O-okay......go ahead......that's not like you though."
Akihito: "Are you scared because I jumped on you?"
Benio: "No, I'm glad you want me."
Akihito: "Okay. Here goes, then."
Benio: "Okay......"
Benio bites her lower lip and endures the shame as I move my firmly expanded thing inside her.
Benio: "Nnah............!"
I push harder, and slide right inside. Once I'm through the entrance, her insides are so soft and comfortable I almost sigh.
Benio: "Aaaaa, haaaaaaaaaaa......hi! Uu......! Mm, mmm............!"
Akihito: "Beni...o......!"
Benio: "Haa, haa, haa......A-Akihitooo......"
Benio isn't screaming any more. She doesn't say aloud that I'm inside either. Her whole body is accepting me.
Benio: "Nnu......kyuuu......mmm......! Huaaaaaaa......!"
I move deeper inside Benio, bringing her cute butt closer to me.
Her whole body is narrowing and tightening around me, pressing soft flesh against me. That pleasure almost makes my hips give out.
Akihito: "Mm......!"
Benio: "Huaaaaa......! Ah, ah, ah......! Aki...hito......! Akihitooo......!"
After being blocked by pleasure a number of times, I finally make it all the way inside her.
Her butt presses against me, sticking to my hips. Inside, I'm covered by Benio from base to tip.
Benio: "Haa......! Ah, hau......Akihito......you're inside me......I can feel it......! I feel so......ho...t......!"
Akihito: "Benio......!"
I can't hold myself back anymore, so I start moving without asking.
Benio: "Hua! Ah! Mm......uu, uuu......mm! Mm! Mm......! Hiu! Mm! Ii! Haaaaa......!"
Fluids mixing and flesh slapping.
Those perverse sounds fill the room as my hips slam into Benio's butt.
Benio: "Hi! Ah! Mm, mmmmmmm! Ah, ah, ah......! Uuu......mmm! A-Aki......hitooo......!"
She can't move around much on all fours, so she's dragged back and forth as I thrust.
Watching her stimulates me even more.
Benio: "Hiunnn......! Hu! Uhu......nn, haa, haa, haa......ah! ......nuu......nnnnnnn!"
Benio: "Akihito, Akihitooo......huu......! Ngu, i-it's good, so good......this is......aaaaa!"
As my stake pounds into her wet, broken vase, Benio responds with a cute voice.
The pleasure isn't just in my lower body. I'm incredibly happy that we're sharing this ecstasy together.
Akihito: "Benio......! You feel...so good......!"
Benio: "Aaan! Aannn! A-Akihitooo......! Y-you......too! Ahaaa! Hi! Nku, nn......naaaaah! I-I feel good......too......ooo......!!"
Normally, she'd find it too embarrassing to say something like that. Benio's completely forgotten her shame now.
Her insides suddenly writhe, licking every inch of my thing.
Benio: "Huaaaaaan! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Haaaaaa......ah! Nnu, nn! Hinnn!"
I aggressively sink my fingers into her buttocks as I move repeatedly in and out of her.
The wet sounds our genitalia produce as they collide sends me so much pleasure that I'm on the verge of going unconscious.
Benio: "Hau, mm! Mmu......! Huu, nnnnn!! Akihito, Akihito......huu, uu! ......nha......aaaaa!"
Each time I thrust into her, Benio's vase is pulled and pushed around.
Her fleshy entrance is glistening with fluids pouring out from her insides.
Benio: "Hiu......! Nn......nhaa......! Ha, ah, ah, nnnnnnnnn......! Huu......! Ha! Ah......!"
Benio's insides form complex ridges as she reacts to the pleasure, changing the stimulus I receive with each thrust.
As I touch the path to her womb, they try to wring the sperm out of me.
Benio: "Ah! Mmm! Haaaa......! Uu......you're so...deep......insiiide......! Aaaaah......! Nn! It's so hooot......!"
Just watching Benio adds more pleasure. Behind her disheveled hair, I can see her trying to turn around and face me as she gasps from the overwhelming pleasure.
Benio: "Akihito, Akihitooo......! Akihito, Akihito, Akihitooo......! I...I'm......nnnnnaaaaah!"
We gaze at each other as we mix together.
Sweat and vaginal fluids fly around as lewd sounds and smells fill the bed.
Benio: "Ah, ah, ah! Akihitooo......! Yes, yeees......haaaaa, haaaaaa......! Auu......nnnn!"
Our excitement is rising rapidly. It's already well past our limit, so we ought to have cum by now.
But I want to mix in with Benio so much I continue fiercely moving back and forth.
Benio: "I-If you......k-keep doing this......! Hi, nn! I-I'll...fall......apart......!"
Benio's expression could be one of conflict or one of drowning in pleasure.
It's probably both. She's never experienced this much pleasure before, so she's gasping while in awe of it.
Benio: "Hiuuunnnnn......! M-my......! Head's......going...blank...I can't think......haaaa......! Nn, uuuuu......!"
I can see glimpses of a climax, like lightning flashing through the clouds.
All we're doing is shaking our bodies together, rubbing our connected genitalia against each other as the fluids coming out of us drip and squelch.
We're just about at the peak.
Benio: "Mmmmm! Ha! Ha! Ha......! Nn! Uuuuuu......! Hiu! Mm!"
I feel an overwhelming desire to cum, but I don't stop pounding into Benio's hips.
Akihito: "Benio......!!"
Benio: "A-Aki! Hitooo......! I-I-I'm......!"
Akihito: "Me too......!"
Benio tightens even harder, pushing a huge amount of hot fluid out from deep inside her.
I can't hold back the impulse building up in my lower abdomen any longer.
Benio: "Ah! Ah! I――! I can't......! H-hold it...iiin! Mmm! I caaan't......!"
Akihito: "Uuu......! Beni...o......!!"
I push all the way inside her soft flesh and pump my thick semen inside.
Benio: "Ah! Haaaa! Higu......haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa............!!!"
I force my body to move even as the climax restrains it, pounding into her hips several times as I shoot.
Benio's hips twist as they accept my semen.
Benio: "Aha......aaah......hua......! Mm......! Nha......ah......ah......aaah............!!"
Akihito: "Uuha......"
Benio: "Mm......muu......haa, haa, haa, haa, haa......!"
When I finally finish pumping all of my semen inside Benio, I collapse on top of her.
Benio: "Kyahu! A-Akihitooo............"
Akihito: "Beni......o."
We kiss, still connected.
Our flowing sweat soaks the sheets.
They're a little uncomfortable since they're so moist, but we continue kissing as long as time allows.
====================H0310_阻止作戦.json====================
I open the contacts menu on my outdated cell phone, and pull up one of the newest ones.
Shinomiya Yoruko. A hotline to the king left by his short-tempered doggie.
Even after that life-and-death fight, I've hung on to this eleven digit number.
As usual, the scrupulous king doesn't keep me waiting long. I hear his unsociable voice through the electromagnetic waves right away.
Gasai: "What is it, clown? Wanna try dying for real this time?"
His arrogant greeting ticks me off.
Akihito: "I'm not that bored."
Gasai: "You have enough free time to call me though."
There's no limit to his gall. I'll make sure he dies at some point. Definitely.
Akihito: "I wanted to ask you something, king. Do you know someone called Mizawa or Mijima?"
A few seconds of silence. Gasai's head fills with a dizzying volume of numbers as he calculates the situation.
Gasai: "―――You mean Mishima? He's one of the Legion's leaders."
Now it's my turn. I put together a puzzle out of the pieces of information I have. A strange game where no one can see the complete picture.
Yamate's coμ. Satou having lots of money. His sudden desire to kill a core member of Caesar's Legion.
And there's probably an unknown person who talked him into it.
Making the first move is of the utmost importance between coμs. A human is infinitely fragile compared to the power of an avatar.
―――It's so easy to take a life away.
All the time that person spent until now, and all their possible futures. Even the slightest shred of malice is enough to usurp everything that constitutes a human being.
After the Jack the Ripper incident, Caesar's Legion has been making their activities more obvious.
In the past, Caesar's Legion would have been considered a bunch of clueless morons for showing their faces all over town.
But even if you know who and where a tiger is, no one's dumb enough to go step on his tail.
――Caesar's Legion will not forgive anyone who fights against it.
If you turn your fangs on the Legion, you'll make enemies out of everyone in it.
That fear. That legend. The power of a group―――an organization.
Caesar's empire is growing. Some people don't want it to happen, but they can't easily shake a powerful system once it's established.
The only people who'd cross his empire's boundaries either don't understand what they're doing, or are just plain stupid.
For instance, newcomers drunk on the "power" that just fell into their hands, regardless of the real situation.
Akihito: "I've heard someone's planning to target him in the near future."
The unknown person hooked a rookie coμ, making them dance in the palm of his bloody hand.
Gasai: "......that is intriguing."
A calmness so lacking in warmth or excitement I find it hateful. I imagine his iron visage laughing haughtily.
Akihito: "That's my information. I have one thing to ask of you in return."
Gasai: "But you already told me the information. I knew you were a clown, but you're a terrible businessman too."
Akihito: "Do you really think I can play the part of Shylock?"
Gasai: "State your condition."
Akihito: "If you can, please try to capture the assassins alive."
Gasai: "――I see. So someone in that coμ told you about this."
The king understands quickly.
Akihito: "Which means if you destroy their avatar, he'll die along with them."
Gasai: "I'll do what I can."
It's just words, but that's probably the best answer I could have gotten.
It's hard to fight someone off without killing them. No one can risk their own life just to help others.
The sky today is as blue as ever. The signs of approaching summer make the wind softer each day.
The town and the net are calm. Nothing seems unusual at all, but the roof is different today.
Kururi almost always comes to the roof when she's at school, but I haven't seen her since the start of the week.
Akihito: "―――So that's the situation."
I lean back against the fence, explaining and complaining to the witch.
Kagome: "Yamate, hmm......one of the riffraff disappearing won't have any effect at all on the classroom."
Her heartless statement is entirely true.
Kagome: "That aside, Akihito."
She grabs my uniform's necktie and yanks me toward her. Kagome's face is so close our foreheads almost touch, and I feel so much pressure it's hard to breathe.
Akihito: "Wh-what......?"
Kagome: "If you're going to do something dangerous, tell me about it first."
Her eyes are as cold and sharp as blades. She's almost ten centimeters shorter than me, but I feel like I'm being looked down on.
Kagome: "If you do something like that to me again, I might be in so much shock I'll accidentally leak some of Akihito's traumatic pictures onto the internet."
Akihito: "Don't shock me to death too!"
This woman is too terrifying. I know she really would do it.
Akihito: "......besides, I was going to tell you about it, but you haven't been around for the past few days. I couldn't even reach your phone."
Once in a while Kagome will randomly disappear like a cat. Usually she comes back in a day or two. At most she's gone for a week.
One time my life was perfectly calm for five straight days, so I started thinking about filing a missing persons report, but then――
Kagome came back without warning, carrying a crab and some mefun from Hokkaido.
Akihito: "Where have you been?"
I should be complaining to her.
Kagome: "I paid a visit to Inoue the swordsmith to get my knives sharpened."
Akihito: "......seriously?"
It's clearly a lie, but it's so blatant that I can't help but wonder if it's actually true.
Akihito: "At least go somewhere where I can call you."
Kagome: "You're a man, Akihito. Do something about it."
Akihito: "There are some things that no amount of manliness can change."
Kagome: "Ha! You've been so incompetent for so long that I'd be shocked to hear about something you could change, Akihito."
Umm, you're the one who told me to do something about it.
Akihito: "......anyway, Kagome-san."
Kagome: "There's someone behind all this, right?"
She lets go of my necktie and we get to the point.
Akihito: "Caesar's done a lot of crazy things to get where he is. He probably has more enemies than he can keep track of."
Akihito: "The puppetmaster probably has some grudge against Caesar's Legion, since Mishima's one of the leaders."
Kagome: "Caesar's Legion is a well-known militant group. I see. Making the first move is critical in a fight between coμs, but even so, a fresh group of amateurs is worth less than a disposable pawn."
Even if they can take out Mishima, it's unlikely that'd be enough to make a dent in the Legion.
Akihito: "So you're saying they aren't serious?"
Kagome: "They don't care whether the assassination succeeds or not."
Kagome: "Idiots on cloud nine can be made to dance just by tickling their throats. There's no cure for stupidity."
Kagome: "But regardless of the outcome, the Legion will have to take action."
Kagome: "It's a common situation. One idiot who wants to retaliate against something, and another who wants to let them."
Akihito: "An idiot who wants to retaliate......"
It's possible Caesar planned all of this.
Gasai wouldn't be choosy about his methods. He didn't make his empire by being a saint.
Kagome: "But Caesar has plenty of enemies who'd burn if he lit a fire near them. There's no reason to go give valuable information to some newbies just so they can do it."
Kagome: "It's probably a group that can easily find newbies, and who considers Caesar their greatest obstacle."
There's only one group we know of that meets those conditions.
Akihito: "――――The Round Table?"
Being in the same group is merely a matter of convenience. Sharing a common name never guarantees that you can trust someone.
Even within a group there are factions and conflicts. Not all of their interests are compatible. They may want to go in completely different directions.
Like me and Izawa.Like Izawa and Benio.
Kagome: "They're trying to make their enemies fight each other instead of themselves. It's such an old tactic that I can't help but yawn."
Akihito: "Someone from the Round Table......maybe Kugura?"
Kagome: "He's likely, but we can't assume. There are plenty of people who dislike Caesar. There may be some other second-rate chessmaster we don't know about."
The Round Table.
Caesar.
Striders.
The more sides there are, the more complex the game.
It feels like there's a bizarre and complex beast stirring next to me, too enormous for any one person to comprehend in its entirety.
Kagome: "So what will you do, Akihito? Stick your hands in places they don't belong and get them burned? You really should add the phrase "learn from past mistakes" to your dictionary someday."
Akihito: "―――I have a promise to keep. I told Ikuha that I'd do what I could to help Yamate."
Kagome: "You always are nice to women, Akihito. Only women."
The world is still dizzyingly fast, but humans are far too slow.
Only the sky remains unchanged, as high and blue as ever.
====================H0320_阻止作戦の続き.json====================
On the hill in the evening. A time when the orange sunlight smolders on the cooling rubble.
The streets are littered with garbage and the skeletons of cars. A long time ago, they were filled with people heading home.
Now, nothing moves at all, except for a stray cat poking its head out one of the broken windows.
The other four appear shortly. Their long shadows extend down the abandoned road.
The fifth person, Yamate, steps on the ends of their shadows.
Satou: "We've been looking for you, Yamate. I kept calling you but you never picked up. We were seriously worried."
The road in front of Northern Wing 7――Yamate called Satou and three others here. The members of his coμ.
Their scorn and animosity pierce through him. They're in the same coμ, but Yamate's been an outsider for some time.
Satou: "You need to treat your friends better. Still, I'm glad you called us. You said you wanted to talk about something?"
Satou's the leader.
He has an aggressive look with a sharp chin, bald head, and the determination of a German Shepherd.
He's definitely "above" the other four, including Yamate. His position was cemented after he started getting a lot of money, but he was always naturally suited to the role.
Yamate: "......I do."
There are many types of people who can lead a group. Some like taking care of others, some are naturally influential, some are physically strong, some are smart, and some just had the position forced onto them.
Satou feels like the slightly evil type who uses force to make his way up in the world. Violence is simple and powerful. No one was fighting him for the position, so he got it.
Satou: "You also said you'd sell us out to the Legion if we didn't all come. Did you really need to go that far?"
Yamate: "Satou......listen to me. We're talking about killing someone here. That's not something anyone should be doing."
Yamate: "Don't you guys feel the same way!?"
Yamate's question is directed at the other three besides Satou. The rules of a coμ――if Yamate can convince two of them, Satou won't have majority control anymore.
Satou: "Once a chicken, always a chicken."
The three others look at Satou's face.
Coμs are yet another kind of human group. The rules for survival are exactly the same as regular society.
First impressions are important. If you overpower someone right away, that hierarchy won't shift easily.
Satou: "I understand, Yamate. That's fine. I get what you're saying."
Satou: "Basically―――You're useless. We can't do a damn thing with you. Traitors like you should be buried!"
Satou slowly shows his teeth. Not to threaten, but to mock. The cruelty that comes from knowing you're in a far stronger position.
Satou: "―――Break them apart, Lagos!"
A swirling gate light appears in the air, answering the laughter between the ruins. 
A fantastic creature with neither arms nor legs. A mythical steel fish swimming through the air. An armored sea creature that seems as if it once circumnavigated the ancient oceans.
It's a Caspar.
What's unique about it are its extremely long range shots, capable of killing from much farther away than claws or fangs could ever reach.
Satou: "Yamate, you've really been underestimating us today. You're not getting away this time. Don't expect an easy death either. We are going to cru――!?"
Just above Satou's head, the wall of an abandoned building ruptures from the inside.
The pieces of concrete rain down like hail.
As Satou's eyes open wide with shock, the pitch-black dragon falls down to the ground from the building it was hiding in.
With its power over gravity, Babylon lands on the ground eight floors down without a sound.
Satou: "A-another avatar!?"
Satou and the others step back with obvious fear before the towering pitch-black beast.
The rain of rubble only makes it worse.
Without any wills to load into them, these powerful steel beasts are no more than humongous lawn ornaments. As the four of them stiffen up in terror, they lose the ability to control their avatar properly.
Nonetheless, the armored steel fish tries to move away as it circles overhead, but then a second object falls from the roof of the opposite building.
An upside-down cone with a woman-shaped figurehead, and three bony arms.
Miss Jh.The angel's pedestal controlled by Rondo Rondo.
Satou: "Another one!? Ya――Yamateee!"
Satou finally realizes he's the one that walked into a trap.
He turns around to yell at him, but Yamate already ran off into the ruins.
Rondo glares at the cornered avatar from the roof, and states her sentence with the grace of a goddess.
Rondo: "Miss Jh――Hammer of Brody!"
The horizontal arm thrusts forward like a knight's lance, shining in the setting sun.
Miss Jh races through the sky. Burroughs normally aren't good at close-quarters fighting, but this one moves like a white arrow.
It moves faster than any average avatar. By the time you see it, it's already somewhere else.
Rondo was alone the other day. Things are different this time.
It crosses ten meters in an instant, releasing its fantastic spears.
One of Miss Jh's three arms. The attack looks almost weak, but it pierces through Lagos' armor like water.
It's completely different from the damage you'd receive from a bombardment. Its armor falls apart in several pieces as if it blew apart from the inside.
Rondo: "Someone begged me not to kill you guys, so I won't finish this thing off. Be grateful I haven't changed my mind."
The Hammer of Brody―――
I don't know how it works, but Miss Jh's special power makes an avatar largely immobile in just one attack.
Izawa: "Nothing for me to do? What a waste of time."
Izawa watches it happen from the roof with no outlet for his ferocious energy.
Akihito: "Not just you, any of us."
I asked Yamate to call them so we could set up a trap.
We knew it'd be dangerous. We made sure we had all the advantages we possibly could.
I brought everyone here, including Kagome, and even asked Rondo to help out.
Akihito: "The easiest victories are the best. It's better to aim for things you know you can handle."
Izawa: "That part of you is always irritating."
Akihito: "And it's not over yet. Tear them up, but not enough to kill them."
Avatars have no obvious weak points, but given enough damage they can become largely immobile.
Of course, if we overdo it, we'll cause another group death.
It's a really troublesome task.
Izawa: "This is such a pain in the ass."
Babylon roars under the setting sun, and begins pulling it apart.
Haru: "You're gutting that thing nicely. Maybe we should make sashimi tonight."
Akihito: "That fish is way too dangerous to cook anything out of."
We gather all the pieces of the avatar in the middle of the road. Once we make sure none of Satou's coμ escaped, we can finally relax.
Akihito: "Don't overdo it. We'll kill Yamate too if we destroy it completely."
Izawa: "Easier said than done. I've never had to do something so half-assed before. Not my fault if something goes wrong."
He laughs with an evil face.
Akihito: "Thanks again for coming. I didn't think you guys would accept so easily."
Rondo: "I was in a good mood today. My heart changes like the wind. Don't expect me to be there next time, friend."
A smile like a blooming flower. Someone tugs on my sleeve from behind.
Akihito: "What?"
Benio: "When did you get so friendly with her......?"
Akihito: "Well, recently......"
Rondo: "......"
Benio looks up at me. A complex silence.
Benio: "You never told me about it......"
Haru: "Yeah, O-Haru-san didn't know either."
Akihito: "......didn't I tell you guys?"
Kagome: "Did you not feel it was worth telling them?"
Akihito: "......"
I feel like I've been handed a goblet of poison.
Mayuki: "By the way, not to completely change the topic or anything......"
Mayuki: "The most common reason for clubs and doujin circles to fall apart is some kind of love triangle with a woman. What do you think about that, Akihito-san?"
That's exactly the same topic!
Iroha: "Should you guys really be fighting about this right now?"
Akihito: "Oh, that's right! We still have to finish this. Let's go, Izawa!"
Izawa: "Ha! Idiots."
He laughs through his nose. Normally I'd make a comeback of some kind, but everyone's against me right now.
Rondo: "All right, we'll talk about that later."
Benio: "Yeah, yeah, let's talk about it later."
Haru: "There's nothing wrong with women enjoying other women too."
Kagome: "The night is young."
The most hellish women in this world are forming a fast friendship.
Mayuki: "We're always on your side, Akihito-san. Of course, that's a lie."
Akihito: "Don't say that!"
Benio: "Still, thank you for helping today, Rondo."
Rondo: "It's no big deal. We're all friends, so it's nice to help out once in a while."
There are two men behind her. They feel like a visualization of yin and yang. They're part of Rondo's coμ.
One guy's cool and aloof. The other has messy hair and a baby face. Their hair colors are different, but aside from that they're perfect opposites.
With Rondo and Iroha next to them, it almost looks like a fashion magazine page. These guys really do stand out.
Akihito: "Who're they?"
Rondo: "They're in my coμ. I'll introduce you. This is Ichigaya, and this is Randou."
The aloof guy practically ignores me, but Randou waves to me as one might expect.
Iroha: "Is there something on my face? You're giving us a weird look."
Akihito: "I was just thinking...there's only four of you."
Iroha scratches her head roughly, as if she finds this difficult to say.
Iroha: "The last one died."
Akihito: "......I see."
Death is everywhere. Rondo and Iroha have their own pasts. I'm not nosy enough to pry into these things.
Iroha: "That aside, Mizuwa......"
Iroha: "Rondo's a very whimsical and selfish girl, so it's not common for her to accept other people's requests."
Iroha: "Yet look how happy she is today. Maybe she really likes you. I might be jealous."
Yamate's problem has been solved for the time being.
Yamate: "Th-......thank you......I have no idea what to say...really......thank you so much......"
Akihito: "It's fine. Now go tell...Ikuha? Your girlfriend. Go talk to her right away."
Yamate bows several times as he runs off.
The real trouble is going to be cleaning up afterwards. The situation's not as hopeful as I made it sound to Yamate.
There's no way to sever the connections of a coμ. No matter what Yamate does or where he goes, he'll always be connected to Satou.
Akihito: "And that's what happened......sorry for making you do all the boring stuff."
Nanase: "I understand. But......"
What should be done with Satou and the other three now? Watch them? Imprison them? Restrain them?
Nothing sounds quite right. We're not police or politicians. Honestly, this is out of my league.
Let the experts use their expertise. Thus, I asked Nanase.
I didn't ask her to begin with because I didn't want to risk tipping off the Round Table to what we were doing.
Satou's coμ is taken away in a coffin-like van, just like the day we helped stop that dueling game.
Just to be safe, we made sure to tell them over and over that we'd grind their avatar to a pulp if anything happened to Yamate.
Only the risk of physical retaliation can keep us safe from each other.
At this point, we can only pray Nanase and the Round Table take care of these guys. Prayers are free, after all.
Mayuki: "They're off to the labor camps."
Akihito: "This isn't a world war."
Mayuki: "They'll be sent to an unfamiliar country, have their arms and legs bound and be forced to watch videotapes on being a good person twenty-four hours a day."
Mayuki: "Once it starts taking effect, we can applaud their release."
Akihito: "Why do you know how to brainwash people?"
Mayuki: "The internet is scary."
I've seen the dark side of a digitized society.
Benio: "So that's what Nanase-san does."
Akihito: "No she doesn't......I don't think."
Nanase turns around, gently folding her arms with a stern face.
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun, as a Round Table Master, I can't keep this incident entirely secret from the others......"
Kagome: "You asked her to keep it secret too? The thickness of your skull is one of your few appealing traits, Akihito."
Akihito: "You're seriously telling me that I'm the one with the thick skull?"
Mayuki: "I like you just the way you are, Akihito-san, as a dark, sinister adult. Though that's a lie."
Akihito: "I'm not a lolicon, but I like how cute and honest you are, Mayuki-chan. That's a lie too."
Mayuki: "The lie being that you aren't a lolicon."
Kagome: "Pedophile."
Akihito: "N-not that......"
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun."
The Round Table Master is displeased. We've gone off topic too many times.
Akihito: "If this gets out, people might start asking who was behind it, and the hostilities between Round and anti-Round would increase."
Nanase: "I know that, but......"
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun, I simply can't believe that someone from the Round Table could be behind this."
Satou's coμ was just a bullet. A tool to be used and thrown away.
Izawa: "Hey, Mizuwa. This woman's head is a milkshake, so you have to be blunt."
Izawa: "The Round Table masters are more irritated by that Caesar guy than anyone else in this city."
Akihito: "You drink milkshakes......?"
That doesn't seem right.
Izawa: "......Keiko likes them."
Benio: "But isn't Caesar a Round Table Master too? ......they're supposed to be allies......why would he......?"
Benio's so devoted to her principles that she actively tries to believe in people before having any basis for it.
Mayuki: "Are these the woes of the entrepreneur whose shares have all been eaten up by a new venture firm?"
Akihito: "Caesar seems more like foreign capital that barged in just when everyone was getting along."
Caesar has a will of his own, and cares nothing for what the Round Table represents.
Unlike them, he has a clear goal and a guiding hand, drawing to him people who have nothing else to do with their avatars, and people concerned about the lawless state of the city.
Kagome: "I see, you're a suspect yourself."
Nanase: "............!!"
The witch's evil eyes bind the knight.
Akihito: "I'm pretty sure it's not Nanase-san."
Nanase: 
（
Geez, what's Caesar's problem with us anyway? ......he should just die already.）
Trying to imagine it is quite painful.
Mayuki: "You never know. There are some amazing double lives in the world. Even idols are capable of calling their boyfriends just after a bath when they're still naked."
Benio: "That's not a proper lifestyle."
Akihito: "Anyway, for those reasons, I'd like to ask that this stay a secret until we find out who manipulated Satou."
Nanase: "............I understand."
Nanase stands down begrudgingly.
Izawa: "Did that bastard ever give up a name?"
Akihito: "He did. Asahi Ichirou."
Benio: "That sounds so fake."
Izawa: "......of course it is. I wasn't asking for that shit."
Kagome: "So he's at least smart enough to use fake names."
The witch ridicules her unseen enemy.
Akihito: "Take care of yourself. We'll try to track the guy ourselves, but if you find anything――"
Nanase: "Yes, I'll tell you."
She nods with a harsh face.
Nanase: "......"
She starts to walk away, then hesitates and turns around.
Nanase: "Umm, actually......"
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun, please make an effort not to draw attention to yourself."
Her words are clearly meant as a warning.
Nanase: "After you defeated Jack, there've been people in the Round Table......saying your coμ is dangerous......"
Benio: "Wh-what the――!? ......what the hell does that mean?"
Mayuki: "From what I heard, I was under the impression Akihito proposed it but the Round Table was totally okay with it. Is that wrong?"
Akihito: "Umm, that's pretty much it......"
Kagome: "No one needs a guard dog when there's no prey to hunt, plus a dog who gets more praise than the owner is just a nuisance."
Haru: "Aaah, I see. That is a really old pattern."
Izawa: "Bastards like that will never change."
Nanase: "............umm......I'm sorry."
Akihito: "Well, there are guys like that everywhere. You're still on our side, right Nanase-san?"
Nanase: "I'm...yes......of course......I can't......let them get away with this."
Nanase: "I should get going soon. I hope we meet again."
David: "Good night. Take care of yourselves."
The Round Table Master leaves.
The dangerous incident is over now. For the time being, things are peaceful.
====================H0330_炎上.json====================
The sun rises once again. Night comes once more. Whether rushed or calm, the days keep passing.
Izalone may be two streets away from any major roads, but we still get a lot of traffic on the weekends. I left home early this evening to help prepare, but this happens every week.
Tianwen: "You're worrying about something."
I stop wiping the tables when he talks to me.
Tianwen: "Something about women. I can tell."
Akihito: "I didn't say anything."
Tianwen: "Akihito-kun, you cheater!"
Akihito: "That's creepy as hell, so please don't do that."
Tianwen: "You're really bad with women considering how much you brag about being a "feminist," Akihito-kun."
Tianwen: "And yet you let girls sleep at your place overnight without laying a finger on them."
Akihito: "You make it sound like you were there watching me all night."
Tianwen: "It feels like you've gotten a little softer."
I look into the Owner's aloof eyes. I can't tell what emotion lies behind his smile.
Akihito: "......I was never that stiff to begin with."
Tianwen: "You've never let anyone else get close to you though, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "......"
Tianwen: "I think it's good to spend time with other people."
Tianwen: "It takes experience to fully understand human relationships. If you don't learn what is and isn't good, you might miss something wonderful walking right by you."
Akihito: "But it's scary letting someone get close......you have no idea what they might be hiding."
Tianwen: "Are you sure?"
Akihito: "Do you actually think these naive things?"
He's surprising me. I was expecting something more grim.
Tianwen: "People are still terrifying even when you get to my age. You never do learn how to see into their hearts."
Tianwen: "The things that are truly terrifying and truly important are the ones we can never hope to see for ourselves."
The Owner usually doesn't talk much about himself, but those words have a strange sense of impact.
Akihito: "What do you mean by "important things?""
Tianwen: "It varies from person to person. There may even be things you don't realize are important to you, and vice versa. You can't depend just on your feelings."
Tianwen: "I must sound quite jaded now."
Akihito: "Not really jaded. That's just a very ordinary, grim thought, which surprised me."
We look at each other, and smile slightly.
The Owner selects a bottle of Early Times bourbon from the shelf and pours some into a glass. 
Tianwen: "You can't learn how sweet alcohol is without getting used to it first. Experience is everything, especially with girls."
Everyone has to speak from their own experience. We see the world from closed kingdoms.
Tianwen: "Not bad. I'll keep using this supplier for a while."
The Owner takes a sip from his glass.
Tianwen: "As long as you stay a good man, what's to lose?"
Tianwen: "Maybe someday when you have more experience you'll be just like me, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "I thought you weren't a good man."
Tianwen: "Oh no, you knew?"
He pouts like a naughty boy.Chai Tianwen――I can't read this man at all.
Tianwen: "Wanna drink something with me, Akihito-kun? It'll be on the house."
Akihito: "I'm planning to go shopping on the way home, and I can't drive drunk."
I pat my chest pocket and take off my apron. There's a piece of paper in there on which I wrote all the things we're low on. I have to go get more before the place opens.
Akihito: "Yeah, I'll take my moped."
Tianwen: "Be back soon."
I cut through the park toward a nearby shopping center.
According to a horror movie I borrowed recently, these places will be humanity's last bastions when the zombie apocalypse hits. I wonder when the avatars will chase us in there.
Akihito: "Wouldn't do much against avatars."
I buy what we need without incident. He handed me another note on the way out with other miscellanea that we'll be using. For some reason, "seven melon bread" was one of them. 
Chai Tianwen――I really can't read him......
A river of cars flows through the evening street without pause. A variety of colors.
The streets are blood vessels, while cars or traffic are the red, white, and lymph cells. I rush down the crowded main street on my moped, feeling like part of a living, breathing city.
It's been a few days since the trouble with Yamate wrapped up. I haven't heard of any new moves from Nanase or Gasai.
Akihito: "Maybe I really should get Kagome to interrogate Satou."
I remember a movie set in a European hostel. It made my teeth grind and fingers shake so much that it caused me physical pain. I still regret borrowing it.
I shouldn't have to explain why I remembered it.
Akihito: "No, everyone has their basic human rights......"
I dunno if he knows anything for Kagome to extract anyway. Satou's the only one who had direct contact with the mystery person, but he told us everything he knew. Our threats must have worked.
The man used a false name. He kept no pictures of him. All he knows is that he has facial hair, and even that can be faked.
If he was seriously trying to pull one over on a careful man like Caesar, he may very well have gone that far.
Should I go to one of the Round Table meetings to see all the core members?
Akihito: "......no, it's probably not that simple."
I could ask Nanase, but I doubt she'd say "Yeah, sure."
Our suspicion is still just suspicion right now.
I simply don't have the evidence I'd need to push her into giving me any kind of special access.
Several cars pass me.
I'm required by law to drive slower than traffic, but disturbing the natural flow like this with my funny-shaped vehicle can be much more of a nuisance sometimes.
No doubt they all think I have no idea how much I'm annoying them.
Akihito: "......this is just silly."
I can't get my thoughts together, so I get rid of them through a sigh.
At that moment―――
A very real explosion sweeps away the calmness of the road in front of me.
Akihito: "――――!!"
The shockwave throws my moped into a nearby building's glass window. People run and flee amidst groans and screams.
And then......
―――The smell of blood.
A thick, rusty smell reaches me through the cloud of debris blocking my vision, scooping up some of my deepest memories.
―――The red color floats up from the bottom of my memories.
―――The red color drifts ever higher.
A dark red.
Blood. Blood. Blood.
The color of nauseating memories.
Akihito: "――"
I feel sick. A sour taste fills my mouth.
―――A bomb!?
Just one sharp word comes to mind without justification as I teeter on the verge of panic.
I don't know how much damage my body has taken. Pieces of glass crunch under my feet as I stagger forth.
Someone's crying.
Someone's screaming.
Someone's reaching out to help them.
Through gaps in the dust cloud, I can see a scene from hell.
Some of them are alive. I can see others that may or may not be dead. Yet others are clearly dead.
――I should run.
There might be another explosion, perhaps an even bigger one.
Which is why――
I walk at a snail's pace toward the nearest voice.
Hey now......what are you doing? Run away already. You're such an idiot.
Screams. Sobs. Cries for help. "Save me......"
But from where......? I can't tell.
I can't see well. There's blood in my eyes.
I don't care. In this cloud, I'll have to grope around anyway. I put up with the pain and head toward the voice.
My limbs are heavy. My joints hurt. I don't walk so much as drag my legs behind me.
Blood.My old memories grind and grate.My body quivers with shocking memories.
I'm terrified of losing something.
When you die, it's easy. Everything's gone in an instant.
Someone was laughing at me, telling me not to pretend I'm some innocent good guy. I imagine Gasai's face.
I continue pulling the trigger over and over, stealing several lives away.
They weren't lost. I took them with my own hands.
Kaburaya Zenjirou.Karasuma Tetora.
No regrets. No sympathy.I shot them because they shot me.
―――I shot them because I had no choice but to shoot them.
Dammit......why am I wasting time thinking about this?
I must still be in shock. My head's not working right.
Pain returns to my dulled senses. My ears finally remember their purpose, and start to pick up sounds other than screaming.
Grinding.Grinding steel......
―――Babylon?
No, it can't be that, I haven't felt an activation signal――
Just before my fractured brain cells arrive at the obvious conclusion......
―――Enormous legs.
Akihito: "――!!"
It's right in front of my nose.
It's an avatar.
Fantasies wrapped in steel, blowing up dust and scattering sparks.
Two avatars are fighting.
An almost human-shaped monster is fighting an utterly non-humanoid monster. They roar. Their steel grates. They aim for each other's throats.
Why here? Why now?
Akihito: "Bab――"
My reflex instincts make me try to summon Babylon.
But at that moment――
The human-shaped avatar swings down its spear, tearing into the ground.
I'm blown away by the wind like an insect crawling under a human's foot.
I feel myself collide with something.
――I black out.
====================H0340_炎上続報.json====================
I wake up in a hospital bed with Kagome next to me. That's strange.
Akihito: "......why are you here......?"
Kagome: "You're supposed to tell your dere dere childhood friend that we're connected by a red string."
I imagine it as a piece of barbed wire.
Akihito: "......what happened......?"
Kagome: "A terrorist attack in the new heart of Takakura......the carnage from five years ago has returned. Everyone's in an uproar outside."
Kagome: "You were brought here from the scene in an ambulance. Fortunately, your injuries were minor, even your bruising. The lowest life forms really are the most resilient."
The crafty witch's malice feels softer than usual. I must still be in shock.
Akihito: "......one question."
Kagome: "What is it, Akihito?"
Akihito: "How did you know where they took me?"
She got here so fast I doubt anyone's had a chance to call anyone else yet.
Kagome: "I put bugs and trackers on you whenever you go outside."
Akihito: "No international espionage, please!"
Kagome: "I'm kidding."
..................is that really a joke, Kagome-san?
A terrorist attack in the new heart of Takakura City――
It's been less than half a day since it happened. The scene is still in chaos, and the news updates its death count every hour.
The tragedy has returned. A nightmare from five years past. A night of terror――
The internet quickly ran wild with people's reactions.
My phone has a pile of texts and missed calls from people I know. Everyone's uneasy when things are this unclear.
Hanako: "......I see, glad to hear you're okay. I'm fine too. Think you'll be coming to school tomorrow?"
Haru: "If you made it out alive, then it's all good, right? O-Haru-san was just watching the news. Looks like it'll be specials until morning. Should I record it for you?"
Tianwen: "That's the second time I've sent you on an errand and you ended up in the middle of something......"
Tianwen: "They say what happens twice will happen thrice......but in any event, I'm glad you're okay."
Ayaya: "Seeeeenpaiiiiii! I'm so glad you're okay! As you can hear, I was super worried after how much school you've been skipping."
Ayaya: "If you came to this room right now and reached out gently to the weeping Ayayan, a full course of boob service would――"
Izawa: "......what dumbass made this mess?"
Izawa: "There've been far too many weird things happening lately to blindly believe this is connected to what happened five years ago. Tell me if you learn anything."
Mayuki: "That's right, it's been online for a while."
Mayuki: "It even has a dedicated thread on a certain large-scale image board. A bunch of poor-quality pictures have been uploaded. Yes......a bunch of people say they saw monsters there."
Benio: "I'll be there right away."
Some people don't pick up, so I leave messages. I'll call again later. I have to make sure they're safe and gather information. There's a lot to do.
The doctor tells me to stay, but I ignore him and leave on my own. I'll come back for a checkup tomorrow, just in case.
None of my wounds are that serious. My body hurts all over and my head's pounding like I'm suffering from a hangover, but that's it.
The hospital's lobby is in disarray. I walk quickly through it, with Kagome following close behind like a shadow.
The TV in this room shows a reporter describing the scene.
At night, the outlines are less clear, so the destruction looks more like a bad piece of abstract art.
Shattered show windows. Twisted shutters. Stop signs snapped off at the base.
Akihito: "――――"
I relive it like a bad dream, feeling slightly nauseous again.
A few hours ago, I smelled blood and burning flesh there. Hoarse screams. People crying for help.
―――The red color rises up.
A black emotion races through my veins. A heat similar to anger.
It really is laughable.
In this overly gentle world, in this place where right and wrong are equally worthless, as if ridiculing all hard work and prayers......
It was so sudden.
It was so unfair.
Misfortune and death take things away.
All the past you had until then, all the future you could have had, all the possibilities that could have been realized......they take those away en masse, like a casino dealer taking your money when you lose.
Miyato: "Oooou, Akihito-kun! Is that you, Akihito-kun!?"
A tall man skillfully weaves through the crowds in the lobby.
Akihito: "......Miya-san?"
The prefecture's assistant inspector raises one hand casually, as if he's asking for his favorite whiskey at Izalone.
Miyato: "Yes, it's me. Miyato Kouzou, ally of young women in particular, is pleased to meet you!"
Kagome: "......"
Kagome-san gives him the ultimate cold shoulder.
Miyato: "......she's always cold, isn't she?"
Akihito: "Please cut her some slack. She's made mostly out of nitrogen and carbon dioxide."
That along with selfishness, inconsideration, and arrogance.
Miyato: "So coooold!"
He presses his fist against his face, like someone who just ate too much ice cream at once.
Kagome: "Let's go, Akihito."
Akihito: "......we're in a hurry today, so if you need someone to goof around with, maybe some other time."
Miyato: "You're no fun. Wait, wait, I'm kidding. I do have something serious to talk about, Akihito-kun. Miyato Kouzou can't forget his work."
Kagome: "Is he a comedian?"
Akihito: "Well, something like that."
Miyato: "I'm a detective."
He puts a hand to his jaw in a thinking pose. Miya-san has a lot of poses.
Akihito: "I already gave a statement to one of the other detectives."
Miyato: "Yeah, I know that. But if you remember anything at all, no matter how small it is, will you make sure to tell one of us?"
Akihito: "......must be tough being a detective."
Miyato: "Fighting for justice takes a lot of plain old hard work. We had to bring in a bunch of off-duty guys tonight to deal with everything. I doubt we'll be getting any sleep for a while."
His lighthearted smile feels strangely dependable today. Maybe he just looks manly.
Miyato: "That aside, I'm glad you made it out of there okay."
Akihito: "Thanks."
But no matter how skilled Miya-san is, this incident is beyond him. 
The internet has been telling everyone the truth for hours. A fight between monsters in broad daylight.
―――Avatars.
Fantastic creatures beyond the edge of the world. The police can't hope to match them.
Which is why――
The hospital's main entrance opens. Benio's the new guest.
Akihito: "......Benio."
She said on the phone that she'd be here soon. I'd assumed she'd call me when she got close, but that was wrong.
Benio: "――――"
Benio's face right now is incredible. She strongly resembles a mad bomber rushing to the Diet to blow it up.
Miya-san takes one step forward with the face of a detective.
Akihito: "Oh――"
Before I can even speak to them......
Benio moves.
So does the detective.
They cross paths like two swordsmen putting their lives on the line in a duel.
Miyato: "Kieee――――――eh
, go!"
A shining wizard―――
Benio uses her opponent's knee as a stepping stone to kick the middle-aged detective extra hard in the face.
Benio: "Huu――"
The detective falls to the ground as Benio picks herself up and glares down at him.
Akihito: "Umm, what the hell......did you just......?"
I can be such a coward sometimes.
Kagome: "Obstruction of justice and injuring a government agent."
Kagome-sensei gives a harsh and precise critique of her actions.
The detective's grudge transfers to his shaking hand. Miya-san grabs the culprit's leg.
Miyato: "M-......my dau......"
Akihito: "..................what?"
The middle-aged detective with a manly smile slinks up to Benio's legs."My daughter."
Benio's crimes are being overlooked. I dunno if that's in exchange for this, but......
She's not giving Miya-san's love a second thought. She might drown me in love instead.
Benio: "That's my biological father, though my mom divorced so our surnames are different now."
She talks as if spitting out a bad-tasting medicine.
Akihito: "......the world really is a small place."
Kagome: "A divorced detective father and his domestically violent daughter. Third-rate, even for gossip."
Akihito: "Umm, I get what you mean, but still......"
Her father comes to her singing and dancing before a hug. That's a bit too intimate.
Benio: "Dad's always like that whenever I see him, no matter how many people are around. I wish he'd learn a thing or two about common decency."
Akihito: "......he's just lonely because he rarely gets to see you."
Kagome: "He's a pervert."
We're not supposed to say that. I secretly support Benio's mom's decision to leave him.
Benio: "Anyway......"
Benio: "......I was worried."
Akihito: "Sorry about that."
The lights in the park are evenly spaced at night. The three of us walk together.
Benio: "So you mean what happened this evening......"
Akihito: "Had to do with coμs."
Akihito: "I saw two avatars there."
Kagome: "Either someone went completely insane, or......"
Akihito: "We don't know anything yet......"
This place is quiet tonight.
The silhouettes of buildings towering behind the forest haven't changed in the slightest.
But invisible flames are rising. The background music has been filled with nonstop sirens from dusk to dawn.
Benio: "......what do we do?"
Akihito: "Give chase."
It's a little weird that I'm not hesitating.
What kind of joke is this? Do I think I'm some kind of transforming superhero now?
I ridicule myself on the inside, but my resolve was already hardened when I said those words.
I have no intention of holding up dangerous ideas like "justice."
But so what?
Now that I know what's happening, I can't just ignore it.
―――The red color.
It's burned into the back of my eyelids again. Flashbacks of nausea and phantom pain. A heat continually burns deep inside my chest, almost like anger.
Akihito: "We'll do whatever we can."
Kagome: "You really like getting into trouble."
Benio: "......do you mean chase the culprits?"
Akihito: "The incident in general, I guess."
Was it just a few guys exploding, or were there people manipulating this, just like in Yamate's case?
Benio: "So we're allies of justice now."
Rather than enjoying that, I lament over the fact that reality needs such people.
Akihito: "Benio-chan......you really like that phrase."
Kagome: "I could almost vomit."
Benio jogs past me.
Then she spins around and shows me a full smile.
Benio: "Yep, I do."
Benio: "Teams of five heroes in different colors, feudal samurai carrying inrou, guys in black masks, strong men with an S on their chest, I like all that stuff!"
Benio: "I want to fight for what's right just like they do."
Benio: "So I'll do everything I can with you, Akihito."
I look at Benio's face, and think that she's really not that different from her dad.
Either way, we have to hurry before this powder keg of a city goes off completely.
――We begin chasing invisible shadows.
====================H0345_余韻の音色.json====================
The change is small, but unmistakable.
I start to see a lot more uniformed police officers around town. When two or three are seen together, people immediately start speculating.
A lot of people start paying more attention to their surroundings, as if they're afraid of something appearing out of nowhere.
Izawa: "You've got nothing? Useless fuck. Can you do anything but play with women?"
Akihito: "......what do women have to do with this?"
Akihito: "Besides, you've got nothing either, and it's only been one day for crying out loud. Even the cops don't know anything yet."
We met up on the footbridge during school hours.
Izawa's short and looks girly, so there's a risk of me getting blamed for something if he flips out.
Izawa: "What about the snake, the chibi, the maid and the ironing board?"
Akihito: "You're worrying about other people? You must be in a really good mood today. Will it rain blood tomorrow?"
Izawa: "I'm just checking if any of them are doing something useful. If they're slacking off, I might go whip them."
Akihito: "O-Haru-san and Mayu-Mayu are helping out too. They're with Benio doing the indoor work. The rest of us are handling the outdoor work."
Izawa: "Meaning me, you and the snake?"
Izawa clucks his tongue, displeased. Though he's always displeased.
Izawa: "I heard you got kicked by one of the avatars. Still in one piece?"
Akihito: "You're worrying about me too?"
Izawa: "I'm just making sure you won't start whining about being in pain when we need to fight!"
Akihito: "I was lucky. Only light wounds. The pain's mostly gone now."
Actually, my bruises still ache a bit, but I really don't feel like lying here doing nothing.
Izawa: "So what have you been doing?"
Akihito: "I do know a cat who's quick on her feet and has nine times the luck of most people."
Semimaru Kururi.
Akihito: "But she's still normal, so I'd like to leave her out of this."
Izawa: "......if you insist."
We know for sure that this is dangerous. Curiosity might really kill the cat this time.
Though she probably is on to something. I'd better talk to her about this and try to stop her from getting involved, even though I doubt she'd listen.
Akihito: "More and more things to worry about."
My muscles hurt, but I can move my legs.
Izawa: "If you die of an ulcer, I'll give a toast during your funeral."
Akihito: "......by the way, Izawa, why did you ask to help us with this?"
Izawa goes quiet for a minute.
Izawa: "If idiots are messing around in your backyard, you'd want to crush them into paste too, right? It's just annoying."
Izawa wants to live alone, like a tiny beautiful gemstone.
Izawa sees everyone as an enemy, as if he takes pride in being alone. He won't back down for anyone else's sake.
It feels weird working alongside a guy like that.
Akihito: "I'll look into the Round Table some more, and talk to a few other coμs I know."
Izawa: "And that snake――?"
Akihito: "She's probably casting magic or something."
The witch never does what ordinary people have to do.
Izawa: "......I'll be in the back alleys. If you learn anything――"
Akihito: "I'll tell you. And vice versa. No secrets."
Izawa: "Whatever."
We walk off in separate directions without saying goodbye.
Akihito: "Oooh, I finally got a hold of you. Yay."
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun, thank goodness. I was just thinking of calling you."
Akihito: "Same here. Did you see the news?"
Nanase: "About that, Mizuwa-kun......I'm not sure about this yet, but......"
Akihito: "You sound really serious. What is it?"
Nanase: "Yesterday's attack seems to have been an attack on Caesar, and I heard he was heavily injured......"
Akihito: "――――"
Kings are always targets of poisons and daggers.
According to Nanase――
The news of Caesar's wounds came from the Legion.
She tells me to keep it a secret, but it leaks to the internet within a day.
We don't know where the leak came from.
Anonymity makes everything easier to say. Everyone wants to be a hero when they get this kind of information.
―――The calamity happened because of an assassination attempt on Caesar.
―――Caesar was heavily wounded in the process.
Caesar's Legion starts making suspicious movements as well. Rumor has it they're looking for the assassin.
I called the king's hotline several times, but he's away. I don't know Yoruko's number. I really should've made her tell me.
Akihito: "......we can't keep up."
The world moves fast, like sound, like wind. Is there any way of keeping up with it?
I spend half a day visiting some of the safe houses Rondo showed me before.
Everyone's on edge. The rumor that avatars were involved has spread through the Coμnet as an uncontested fact.
Another disaster shortly after Jack the Ripper, but this one's even worse. Jack was a murderer, but this is a war.
Light one end and the whole thing combusts. Hit someone and they hit back. It's simple logic.
Making the first move is critical with coμs. Everyone knew that, but they were pretending to ignore that trap.
No one knows when someone might be targeting them. They might even get bombarded in the middle of town.
The only thing holding the avatars back was a weak semblance of ethics.
Is there any guarantee that we won't get attacked? How do we make sure that no one's going to kill us?
―――The answer's very simple.
I sit on a bench in front of the station and kill time. The vending machine ran out of the new coffee brand. Everything's going wrong today.
Akihito: "Gasai......"
A cold, cautious king.
Many people hate him, so he lays low. He seems like the kind of guy who wouldn't die even if you killed him. Would he really slip up that easily? A calm corner of my brain laughs, reminding me that when people die, they die in an instant.
I lose someone I know. When something that should be there vanishes, that hollow moment makes me dizzy.
―――I remember the red color.
Old memories with the smell of blood.
A hand.A palm I was holding lost its warmth, switching from a person to a thing.
That was the beginning.Time started flowing then.
A gentle kingdom―――
It's fair in that it doesn't discriminate for or against anyone.
All value is determined by comparison with other things of value.Even love and friendship are compared and ranked.
To the world, everything is equivalent.A grain of sand is no different from a human life.
And that's right. There's no real value to it. There are only people who see value in it, and fairy tales about it being there.
But so what――?
In my cold, dry heart, something cries out with a voice that doesn't form words.
It should have rusted and fallen apart a long time ago.
Sudden deaths. Unfairness. Unreasonableness. Misfortune. Destruction.Such things can be found anywhere and any time.It whispers that to me.
On that day, when I came back to this town, I killed some time doing nothing in particular, then passed by her for no reason whatsoever on that footbridge.
It was a total coincidence.
Hinaori Kagome.
A childhood friend that I hadn't seen in years.She beat me out of my slumber like a kick to the head.
Akihito: "That was......"
After drowning in sentiment for a while and letting my eyes wander around, I stumble across someone I know.
Akihito: "Rondo."
Three parasols at slight angles. The terrace of the open cafe Carino.
Akihito: "What the hell? Shouldn't you be worried about those guys finding you here again?"
Akihito: "You stand out a lot more than most people, so you need to be more careful about these things."
Rondo: "......"
She's lost a lot of her vibrance. Her eyes have no confidence.A wax doll named Rondo turns her head slowly toward me.
Rondo: "......Akihito."
Akihito: "Did something happen?"
Rondo: "......"
Rondo: "......Iroha was...there yesterday......"
Akihito: "......!"
Kimizuka Iroha. Rondo's partner, cheerful as a sunflower. She can't be――
Rondo: "She got hurt......"
Rondo: "......the doctor said......i-if she doesn't wake up tonight, she won't......"
I wish there was a manual for how to deal with human relationships.
If there's something I can say to a human who's been thrown down to rock bottom like this, I'd love to know what it is.
I―――
I have a way. A magic spell to pull the pieces of a pulverized heart back together. Give that person an objective, and a means to complete it.
You can't tell them meaningless things like "It'll be okay."Rondo knows that better than I do.
Akihito: "......which hospital?"
Rondo gives me a name. It's one of the bigger hospitals in the city.
Akihito: "Is anyone with her right now?"
Rondo: "Her parents......are there......"
Akihito: "......you should go too, Rondo Rondo."
Rondo: "......"
Rondo: "......no."
Rondo curls up in her cafe seat, almost holding her knees.
Rondo: "No......I can't be with her......"
A voice like white bones.
Akihito: "......why not?"
Rondo: "......I'm...scared......"
Rondo: "No, I've always been afraid, really. I knew that. But I can't bear it this time."
She bursts into tears.
Her words break through the last of what was holding them back.
Rondo: "I'm scared of things I can't help. I can't change what'll happen to her, no matter how much I pray or scream. The people I love always leave me behind."
Rondo: "If that happens again, I don't know what I'll do."
Rondo: "Iroha's dying behind that door, and I have to listen her heartbeat get weaker and weaker right beside me......?"
Rondo: "I'm always causing trouble for her. I can't do anything without her. I wouldn't even be able to stand up anymore."
Her words keep going like a flood. Her resignation is like water seeping out of dark frozen soil. She's robbing her body of warmth with her own cold words.
An unfair world where things can be taken from you without any warning whatsoever.
It's making Rondo wilt.
Rondo: "I never thought about what I'd do if I lost Iroha, but now she's going away."
She's half-sobbing. Her crying voice creates cracks in her pride. I can hear someone rusting away.
―――The red color.
I remember the red color.A gray town I gazed upon after being crushed and defeated.
Rondo: "What should I do? What can I do? What do I......"
Rondo: "Lord, save me."
Akihito: "If you can pray, you can stand."
Rondo raises her head as if I just hit her, but I'm even more surprised at what I just said.
Those words came out as a reflex before I could even think.
Black heat pierces my chest. An emotion like anger pours out.
Aaah, it really is anger.
This heat has broken, rotted, fallen, and smoldered ever since that day, but it's never disappeared.
I tell it over and over that we just can't do that, but it never went away completely.
Prayers won't save anyone.They only save you from your own inability to do anything.
They let you cover up the fact that you're powerless in a gentle dream.Omnipotent tools allowing you to create new worlds.Supplications that never come true.
Akihito: "At least be there for her. Rondo, aren't you Kimizuka's partner? Or was she lying about that?"
Rondo: "No......I am......we are partners."
Akihito: "And that means you stay together until the bitter end."
Everyone lives and dies alone, partners or not.
Akihito: "Wouldn't Kimizuka want you to be there for her?"
But right now, I'll lie.A gentle lie, no different from a prayer.
Everyone needs something to cling to once in a while.Not to rely on it, but to stand back up later.
Akihito: "So stand."
A cold and cruel order.
Face the fact that you're powerless.Go look at despair with your own eyes.If you can't stand, then crawl.
As those words come out of me, I'm more surprised than anyone else.
Akihito: "If you have time to sit here doing nothing, stand up and go see Kimizuka."
I harden, sharpen, and polish my heart like a blade to cut through the world.
Rondo: "............Akihito, you're a cruel man."
Akihito: "If you're too scared to go alone, then I can come with you."
I hold out my right hand.She glares at it as if it's a knife pointed at her throat.
Rondo: "――"
Rondo's pale, white fingers squeeze mine like a child.
I remember back when my mother pulled me by the hand.At the time, my hands were small, and she was reaching downward.
That memories bring back pain. Everything fades with enough time.
Nothing remains after death. Only life holds meaning.
Rondo: "......"
Rondo's shoulders are shaking.
I touch her so she can feel my heat. A human being other than herself.The illusion that someone can support you.
Kagome once said that humans can't see the world directly, that everything we see is no more than a glass castle.
But so what―――?
I put her at ease with human contact.
I give her the illusion that my hands are reaching her for just a moment.
Sometimes, just having someone near you can save your heart.
Even if you know better than anyone that it's just a gentle deception.
Rondo: "......I'll go to the hospital."
Rondo Rondo takes her time standing up.She's not touching my hand anymore.
Rondo: "And since you offered, you're coming with me."
Akihito: "Okay, friend."
I'm in a hurry right now, but I should have time for a little detour.
Akihito: "Sorry Kagome, but I'll be late tonight. Something came up."
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "Umm......Kagome-san?"
Kagome: "Akihito, have you learned anything?"
I haven't gotten much today, but I tell Kagome what I do know and then hang up. I head back to the waiting room where Rondo's holding her knees.
Akihito: "Have some dignity."
Rondo: "......don't act like my dad."
Her lips are pale and shut tight.She's fighting with her fear, her despair, and her resignation.
Even if she wins that fight, she might not get anything out of it.
But so what―――?
Akihito: "Are you going to wait here tonight?"
Rondo: "That's the plan."
Akihito: "In that case, here's some coffee."
Rondo: "Two cans?"
Akihito: "One's for me."
Rondo: "......?"
Akihito: "You'll be here until morning, right? I'll stay with you. It's no big deal."
Rondo: "............"
Rondo looks surprisingly young when her eyes are that wide.
Rondo: "......I didn't ask you to stay."
Akihito: "I didn't think you did."
Rondo: "......"
Rondo continues facing forward. After a long, yet short silence――
Rondo: "............thank you."
I think she whispered something quietly, but for tonight I'll pretend I didn't hear it.
The night dawns. No one's heading to work yet, so the deserted streets feel almost like mirages.
It's always slightly unnerving when things don't look the way they should.
Akihito: "I'm glad she's okay."
Rondo: "......"
Kimizuka Iroha was let out of the ICU before dawn. The doctor came out with sweat on his forehead to say "She'll be fine." Iroha's parents broke down in tears from relief.
They looked quite old, so they must've had her later in life. After watching them all hug each other, Rondo and I left the hospital without saying goodbye.
Akihito: "You sure you don't want to stay longer?"
Rondo walks a little farther ahead.
Her blonde hair flutters in the wind. Unlike yesterday, she's standing straight now. It feels good looking at her.
Rondo: "It's fine. I'd feel like I was in the way since her parents are there."
Akihito: "Okay."
Akihito: "By the way......what about the rest of your coμ?"
Rondo: "I don't think they'd come. We aren't that close or anything."
I remember the cool guy and the baby-faced guy.
Akihito: "Really? That's a shame. You four looked great together."
Rondo: "......also...about yesterday......"
Akihito: "What is it?"
Rondo: "......nothing."
She looks down, embarrassed. She's very stubborn about hiding her weakness.
I'm sure everyone has something like that which they simply can't give up. Their own holy kingdom.
Perhaps pride.Perhaps a childish habit.Perhaps――
Those naive sentiments.
We're all so dysfunctional.We're all so incomplete.We're all so half-assed.
Rondo: "......"
Rondo slows her pace. We start walking side by side.
Akihito: "......"
Walking with someone is different from being alone. It can be irritating, and it can be fun.
Akihito: "It's gonna be a while before the trains start."
Rondo: "I'm exhausted."
Akihito: "Well, that was an all-nighter. So what do you want to do? I'm pretty sure there are places around here that open early......"
Rondo: "I'm sweaty, so I want to take a shower."
Akihito: "......"
Rondo: "I want to take a shower."
She's serious.
====================H0350_ロンドとのＨ１.json====================
We kiss.
Rondo: "Mm......huu......uu!"
A nearby boutique hotel. Simply put, a love hotel.
We're in a cheap but nice room. Rondo invited me into the bathroom.
The foreign mermaid beckoned me through the silky curtain of water.
I didn't ask if she was sure. She didn't say she was.
Kimizuka Iroha. She almost lost her again. One of the many misfortunes in this gentle kingdom.
The memory comes back. That red color constricts my chest.
Being with someone. There are times when I want to immerse myself in that sweet sensation.
That's weakness. I'm hopelessly weak. I wanted to become stronger.
For no good reason, I wonder if Rondo's the same.
Rondo made the first kiss too. She pressed her lips against mine, and her tongue forced its way in between my teeth.
A long, hot tongue.
Rondo: "Hu......n......!"
I hold her from behind, wrapping her brown body in my arms.
I twist my neck to kiss her back.
Rondo's lips are tiny, like a flower bud. Soft and well-crafted.
Her wet lips have a light taste of rouge.
After a long kiss, more out of mercy than passion, her closed lips turn into a smile.
Rondo: "You're very......gentle when you kiss."
Akihito: "I do try to be a feminist."
Rondo: "You always say stupid things like that, but you can be so mean sometimes."
Akihito: "I've been called a clown before."
Rondo: "I can see why. Whoever said that is a good judge of character."
I move a hand to her chest. It's surprisingly small, but it has the elegance of a queen. I touch it softly.
I kiss her several more times, lightly sucking.
Rondo: "Mm......m......mm......u."
Rondo: "Nnn......!"
I put my tongue in slightly. Rondo's shoulders twitch.
I pull her hips toward me and slide my hands along her skin. I can feel her muscles through the wet flesh, but the princess still feels like silk.
Rondo: "Mmmu......*kiss*......amu......hu......au."
Her tongue rustles slightly. I touch it carefully, like playing in the waves on the edge of a beach.
Rondo: "Ah......"
She makes a noise when I caress below her navel.
She looks hesitant.
Rondo: "......that was sudden."
Akihito: "I can go slower if you want."
Rondo: "Yes."
The shower noises. Beads of water adorn her body like jewels. The color of coffee with milk added.
I've never seen the bare skin of someone from a faraway country before. Smooth skin truly is a gem.
Rondo: "......I want to be stronger......"
A feeble whisper.
Akihito: "You are strong, Rondo."
Rondo: "Not at all. Not in the slightest."
Rondo: "I wanted to be strong......I thought I'd gotten stronger, but I'm still just as weak as ever......"
Rondo: "When I thought I might be alone again, I couldn't even stand up on my own......"
Rondo: "......someone must be making me weak again."
Akihito: "Who?"
Rondo: "Akihito."
She says, as if I'm the villain.
Akihito: "Did I do something?"
Rondo: "You're seducing me, right now."
Rondo: "You're so bad when it comes to women."
Akihito: "......you prefer sticking to one partner?"
Rondo: "No, it's fine."
I trace Rondo's lips with my finger.
Water, protein, fat, calcium and a few other things. The substances that make up humans.
Human willpower, love, pain, even tragedy......they're all ordinary phenomena in this gentle kingdom.
On that roof I learned that it was all a fairy tale.
And yet―――
My fingers are entranced by Rondo's form.
Rondo: "This isn't about love or hate."
Rondo: "It's not a thank you either. I'm not that cheap."
Not love or hate――Not something as cheap as thanks――
Sometimes humans just want to contact each other.
Rondo: "I just wanted to know Akihito a bit better."
As if to block her words, I nibble on her lips.
Rondo: "Nn, huu."
I carefully enjoy the feel of her skin around her abdomen. Her wet flesh sticks to my hand.
Rondo: "Uu, unyuuu!!"
She makes a weird noise when I rub her side. I brush my fingers gently against her, and she shivers as if it tickles.
I slide my right hand up, scooping up one of her breasts.
Rondo: "......you like......my chest......? You're getting much rougher."
Akihito: "......people are drawn to what they don't have."
Rondo: "......trying to make it sound cool? You just like boobs......"
You're not supposed to say that.
Someone once said that men can't live without trying to act cooler than they are.
Rondo: "Uu, n......ha, hau, nn......"
I knead her brown chest. Rondo's fairly tall, so they feel smaller than they really are.
Putting any strength into my hands makes them change shape. Hemispheres with protrusions on top. I'd love to show these off to the other ten million boob lovers in the country.
Rondo: "......ha! This is......uu, hu......hau."
Akihito: "*nibble*"
Rondo: "Aau!"
I gently nibble her earlobe, which shakes like a grapevine.
The gasps coming out through her nose are slightly erotic.
Akihito: "You really are sensitive."
Rondo: "You have no decency......!"
I move my hand down. I can feel Rondo's body getting tense.
I rub the inside of her thighs. Her muscles and blood vessels pulse visibly through her clear skin in time with her breath.
Rondo: "Ah......aaaaa......! ......ah, w-wait, wait......"
My hands don't wait, heading up to the base of her legs. I touch that part of her.
Rondo: "Haa......ha! ......ha, ha......haaaa, ah!"
There's heat in here. I caress it, being careful not to do anything painful.
Rondo: "......uuaaa, aaaaa......hau, haa, hahi......"
She makes strange noises. I search her form delicately, as if handling a glass sculpture..
I can just faintly feel a slit. When I move my finger up and down it, something sticky leaks out from the inside.
Rondo: "Tha――! ......th-that......feels......weird!"
She fidgets around. She puts her knees together out of shame, but I gently push them open a little.
Rondo: "Aaah............n-no, st-......op......!"
A fragile breath of resignation comes from her lips, which I suck again. I insert my tongue, and suck, and suck, and suck.
Rondo's coming apart. I feel the satisfaction of untying the ribbon on a present.
Rondo: "............"
Rondo: "......you seem...used to doing this......"
She's strangely displeased.
Rondo: "Huu......nn......!"
Rondo starts sucking my lips. It's not a kiss, so much as an attempt to tear my lips apart. Our saliva makes sounds in the process.
Rondo: "Mmm! Mm, *kiss*......puu, haunn, *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......puhua......hau......!"
Her dark skin and green eyes are shockingly close to me. Her tongue violates me. It invades deep inside my oral cavity.
Rondo: "Nna......aaun, nn *kiss!* Mm!! ......nn! ......ha!"
Rondo's getting into it. Her long tongue makes watery noises as it moves.
Our saliva can't fit in our mouths, so it pours out from the corners of our lips. That somehow makes me sad.
Rondo: "Ha............ah! Mm......that's...ha!"
Rondo's body jumps a little when I touch her down there.
Rondo: "That's...strange......ah, don't......auuu!"
I sink my middle finger into her and move it gently in a circle.
Her body reacts immediately.
Rondo: "Kyau......awa......nn......awaaa......"
Akihito: "You make some weird noises......"
Rondo: "Weird? ......that's not...hawa......kyau......what you're doing is weirder......kyau, kyau."
These reactions are funny. I'll take my time with this.
Rondo: "Uukyauuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!"
Rondo drowns in the sensation coming from deep inside of her. Even her fingers are dripping wet.
Rondo is almost too sensitive. I know she's coming undone because of how hot her skin is now. Her fissure is still tightly closed, so I push it open with my fingers.
Rondo: "Ah!"
Her voice rises at the unexpected stimulation. I move my middle finger inside.
She's wet enough that strings of fluid lead from my fingers to her skin, but it's still so tight that I can't move a single finger around inside.
Rondo: "Ah, ah, ah, ah."
I move back and forth slowly. Her breath staccatos.
Akihito: "Relax a bit more."
Rondo: "......easier...said than......done......hyauan!"
I lick her collarbone.
Rondo: "Ah..................it's! In......"
My finger slides in, up to the base.
Rondo: "Nn, nnnnn! ......unn!"
I bend my finger, getting even deeper inside. Rondo's cheeks get redder from the sensation in her abdomen.
Rondo: "You're pushing, pushing......ah, auu! ......no, something's......falling."
Rondo: "Ah......kyau, ah! Hiuun!! ......mm! ......uuun!"
I get my thumb wet with her hot fluids before prying her open. I find a little protrusion sticking out. I carefully press down on it.
Rondo: "Ah, aau!? That's...wait, ah, ha, it's coming out......!"
Akihito: "Some of what you're saying doesn't make much sense."
Rondo: "It really feels like it's coming out!"
I move my thumb around and her body reacts. I use my middle finger too.
Rondo: "Ahi, hiaau!!!"
Akihito: "Stick out your tongue."
She obeys. I gently nibble her long tongue.
Rondo: "Hua, nn, *kiss* Nna, uhun, mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!"
I twist my tongue around hers and peck at her lips.
I start wondering if we could just keep doing this the whole time.
Akihito: "Here goes."
Rondo: "......from...behind......?"
Akihito: "Do you mind?"
Rondo: "It's...fine, but......"
Rondo: "Try to......do it slowly......"
Akihito: "Hm?"
Rondo: "......"
I'm still holding her from behind, but she's sticking her hips out a bit now.
Her green eyes are so close to me they're making me tense.
Rondo: "Ah, ha......uwaaa."
I touch it to her and pull her hips closer.
Rondo: "No, not that fast, stop."
Akihito: "This is slow."
Rondo: "B-but, there's something......touching me."
She's completely freaking out.
Akihito: "It has to go in somehow."
Rondo: "Th-that's true, yeah......"
Rondo: "Nn, nnn......!"
She looks at me with puppy dog eyes, having no idea what to do.
Rondo: "Hau, haa, hau, haa!"
I push inside, parting her tight walls of flesh.
Rondo: "Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu......"
Sweaty breasts. Smooth sides. Stiff hair below her navel. Slender but needlessly stiff legs. I can feel every part of Rondo sticking to me.
Rondo: "Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!"
Rondo: "Aauuuuuuu, ah, auu, uaa............"
Rondo: "Ah, nuu, uu! Nnah......y-you're spreading me out...this thing's......pu-pushing me open, aaaaaaaaah......"
I go deeper inside.
Rondo: "Uu!! ......ah, ua......kyau!!"
I fill up Rondo's insides, though I've only gotten my tip in so far.
Rondo: "Iiiiiiii......owwww............"
Rondo: "That hurts! That hurts! That hurts!"
Akihito: "That hurts! That hurts! That hurts!"
She digs her nails into my arm.
Rondo: "Ha! Ha! Ha..................!"
Rondo's breasts move up and down. She tries to catch her breath.
Akihito: "............have you never done this before?"
I wondered about that when she started reacting so strongly, but the shock still hits me like a hammer.
Rondo: "I'm gonna die from this............"
She's almost crying.
Rondo: "I heard it hurts, but I had no idea it was this bad......how can everyone else put up with this......?"
Akihito: "......why didn't you tell me before we started?"
Rondo: "......what's wrong with not mentioning it?"
Rondo said she wanted to know. To touch. To connect.
She was motivated by that simple emotion, more like an impulse.
Rondo: "But now......I'm a woman."
Akihito: "We've still got a lot left to do."
Rondo: "No way."
Akihito: "Yes way."
Rondo: "That'll kill me......"
Akihito: "......I don't want to stop after coming this far."
Akihito: "Though if it really hurts that much, we can."
Rondo: "......"
Akihito: "I don't enjoy having sex with someone as they cry from the pain."
Rondo: "......I want......to go all the way......"
Akihito: "It might hurt a lot more."
Rondo: "......don't be too gentle......or I'll be mad......"
Rondo smiles wryly, and I draw her hips closer.
Akihito: "Okay, princess."
Rondo: "Ah, ha......!"
I'm only two thirds of the way in, so I slowly push.
Rondo: "Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.................."
I push through as her insides fight back. Once I'm all the way inside, I stop. I wrap my arms around her and squeeze.
Rondo: "Ahu......"
She sighs like a child. She's much looser now, so the pain shouldn't be that bad, but Rondo is still recovering from the shock.
Akihito: "I'll stay like this for a minute until you're used to it."
I can still feel her heartbeat, even without moving.
The thick warmth covering my thing contracts each time her chest rises and falls.
We're touching each other's skin and sharing parts of our bodies. Our flesh and our breath assure each other that we both still exist.
It's a contradiction.
Everyone lives in a lonely kingdom.
And yet―――
In the deepest part of the world, in the place closest to all of us, we want someone else.
Rondo: "Haa, ah, hau......"
Akihito: "Does it hurt?"
Rondo: "B-banana."
Akihito: "What? ......you want to eat?"
Rondo: "It's like......there's a banana inside me......"
That's oddly accurate but a little disconcerting.
Rondo: "Uuu, don't move yet."
Akihito: "Like I said, I'll stay put."
Rondo: "......but, you're still......twitching inside......aau, you did it again......"
I can't do much about that.
Rondo: "Umm......"
Rondo wants my lips.
Rondo: "Nn, *kiss*......hupuu."
We stick out our tongues and twist around each other's.
Then we kiss, with our tongues, our lips, our mouths, our saliva. We repeatedly suck.
Rondo: "Mmm, mm......mmmmm! Nnmuu, *lick!* Hua, nuuu......aaun, *kiss*"
I try licking behind her beautiful teeth. Her back tightens up as my palm moves across it.
Rondo: "Umuu, npuu......!"
We gently nibble each other's tongues. If we put a little too much force into it, we'll hurt each other. We enjoy pleasure close to pain as we search for the fine line between them.
Rondo: "Puhu! Hua......nnn! Hamu......*kiss* *lick*......*kiss*"
We slowly move our tongues in and out of each other as we touch our bodies.
I gently roll the tips of her breasts around, trace the shape of her ribs, and head down her thighs to her butt.
Rondo: "Uu......hau."
I excavate untrodden land. Her sensitive skin has never touched a man, so the touch is slightly fun.
Our flesh rubs together as saliva flows between our mouths.
Rondo: "Nnhuuu......nuu......nnn......auu! ......nuu, nuu, mm......*gulp*"
She swallows what's in her mouth.
Her throat moves as she swallows. She can't get it all down at once, so it moves several times.
Rondo: "Nnuuu, nnn......*gulp*......*gulp*......"
She drank it all.
Rondo: "Hau......"
She weakens. We're still connected as she leans against me.
I reach out and touch where we're connected from the front. I've pushed myself into her fragile, hot insides, carrying my own heat. It's so wet that the fluids reach down to her knees.
Akihito: "It might be okay now."
Rondo: "Ah......ah! Ah! ......oh!"
I hold her hips and move them back and forth like a wave.
Her shallow breath is the only noise echoing in the bathroom.
Rondo: "Aau! ......nn, nn! Hyau......uu! Uu, ha!!"
I sometimes move left and right in addition to forward and backward.
Rondo: "Aau! Uu, nnn......kyau!"
Akihito: "......does it still hurt?"
Rondo: "I can't...tell......uu! Uu......nna!"
Rondo: "Aau! ......it's sticking...deep into me......stirring me around......but it's better than before......"
Rondo's legs squeeze together with the desperation of a drowning man clutching straw.
Akihito: "Then I'll speed up a little."
Rondo: "Aauuu......ah......haun."
I pull her hips closer until we stick together. I stab deep inside her.
Rondo: "Hua......ah, aaau......huu, huu......hua, haa."
The breath coming out of her lungs is thrown off.
Rondo: "Ah, no......stop!"
Apparently she doesn't like me watching her face.
She clings to the bathroom wall, so I push her against it.
Her breasts are flattened against it.
Akihito: "I'm moving now."
Rondo: "Okay......okay!"
She accepts right next to my ear with her breath touching my nose. Her voice is slightly sweet now, not just tense.
Rondo: "Ah......uhua......haaan! Nn, nnn, n......uhu! ......kyau......uu! Nnn!"
Rondo: "Ha, haa, mmm......hiun......m-my stomach......it's......filling......ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Huaaau!"
Rondo: "Ukyan!"
I gently poke her deepest part, and she rises an octave.
I lick her ear. The pressure increases down where we're melting together.
Rondo: "......ah......ha! ......I can really......feel......"
Rondo: "Your shape...inside me......"
Akihito: "You didn't know about that part?"
Rondo: "Not at all......"
Akihito: "Then let's make you feel more of it."
Rondo: "Eh? Ah......kyaaa!?"
I pull back my hips and then jam back into her.
Rondo: "Ah, nnnnn! Uuu......uu, if you're...that rough......"
I shake her hips, stirring up Rondo's body.
Rondo: "Ah, aaah, au......!!"
Rondo: "It's so......deep......nnn, so...deep......! ......hahii, uaa! Ah, ah!"
Her eyebrows move together as her body quivers.
Rondo's wet eyes. A comfort felt more through flesh and soul than through the body.
Something you can feel by touching someone else, by being connected to them.
Her heart is being filled, even though what's filling it is formless, ambiguous, and invisible.
Rondo: "Haaaau......ah! Ahii, that's......no, i-it tickles......"
I stick my tongue into her ear.
Rondo: "Ah......aau, nn! Uuuuu, aan! Yau......no, no, no, that's-, ah! D-......don't...shake it like――!"
Rondo: "Haaaaaaaaa......ahi! No, my insides...you're pushing...them apart......uu, uuu! This is...so weird......"
Akihito: "Then I'll go here."
Rondo's always acting tough, but she fits neatly inside my arms, as small and frail as a child. It makes me want to tease her.
Rondo: "Uuuuuuuuuuuuuu!! ......it's...r-rubbing...the front...of......my stomach......!"
I change my angle, and Rondo leaps like a fish.
She bends her back and twists her legs around my lower body. The smell of sweat and Rondo's weight.
The sense that someone else is there with you.
Her heart is being healed after coming apart at the seams over the last few days. A gentle escape to a momentary illusion.
I close my eyes and think about a lot of things.
The city. The school. Gasai. The blood spilt. Red memories. Kagome. Benio.
Akihito: "I really am a bad man."
Rondo: "......you just noticed? ......idiot......nn, hua......aaa!"
Rondo smiles, her eyes wet with her own heat.
Rondo: "You're mean......unfair......and weird......"
Akihito: "......okay, you need to be punished."
I try to surprise her by spinning my hips around, churning Rondo's insides.
Rondo: "Eh!? ......auu! N-not so......sudde-......nnn!"
Rondo: "Uuaaaaaaa, ha, ha, kyau......! No, not yet, not so fast......uua, auuuuuu."
I speed up, raising the volume of my hips hitting her butt.
Akihito: "Okay, take your time."
Rondo: "Aaah......aaun......hi......!!!"
Akihito: "Ow! Ow!"
She bit my finger.
Rondo: "Ah! Aau, ah! ......ha! ......uaaaaa......hia......aaah......I've been......completely......"
Rondo: "You've touched...everything......inside me......ha! Ha, ha, haaaa!"
Rondo: "......nnn!!!!"
She holds her breath and quivers. It's her first time, but I'm shaking her and twisting around inside her.
Akihito: "It'd probably hurt to keep doing that, and I'm getting close now, so......"
Rondo: "Auu......uoh! ......ah! Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn! Uuu, haa, ha, ha, ha, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
I speed up, and she starts flailing.
Rondo: "Ha, auuu, my insides......ah, no, stop, stop......AAAH! You're......digging into......"
She's never felt this before, so she doesn't know what to do.
She shakes her head around. I kiss her on the eyes, the lips, and the neck.
Rondo: "Aaaaaaaaah! Auu! ......yan, that's, no......ah! Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!"
Her skin quivers as my lips touch her. She's happy to be touched. I can tell we're nearing the end.
Something slowly starts rising up from deep inside me.
Rondo: "Nngi! Ah! Hya......hua, ah! Aauuu, aan, aan, aan! ......haaan!!"
Rondo: "Nnaaah............aaah............you twitched......again......!"
Rondo: "You keep......twitching......"
I feel it coming. A numbing sensation spreading out from the back of my head.
I thrust strongly, rubbing deep inside Rondo.
She stops breathing. Her eyes close, and her back bends. I can feel all of Rondo.
Rondo: "Nn! Nnna, nooo! Auuu! No, ah, ah, ah, ha――――――!!!!"
We climax at the same time.
I shoot semen so many times I wonder if it'll ever end.
====================H0355_コミュネット05.json====================
097 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:14:59
Have they turned into coμ hunters now? That's the third coμ those Round Table bastards have killed.
098 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:17:00
Was last night's fire in the warehouse district them too? Rumor has it they were having a really huge fight.
099 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:19:21They're gonna have to apologize for this.
100 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:24:33
There's no way they'd do that. This isn't gonna end until they have a straight-up fight. Where've all the other big coμs been? Like the anti-Rounds and Macbeth?
101 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:35:34So the war between Round Table and anti-Round is finally happening.
102 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:50:34
Some are saying Caesar died in that attack, but others say he actually died a long time ago and they're just bluffing about him being injured now.
103 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 15:10:40
Caesar's part of the Round Table, but he didn't like the way they were doing things.
104 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 15:44:44
I know a guy who's in his Legion and he says they'll be ordered to retaliate soon.
105 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 16:02:48
>>032Someone knock some sense into these people. This isn't a "war." Calm the hell down.
106 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 16:36:53
I'm getting really excited about this. I can't wait for the action any longer!
107 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 16:43:05It's true that we really can't rely on the Round Table anymore.
108 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 18:26:14So what are we supposed to do?
====================H0358_赤の追憶.json====================
The terrorist attacks in the new heart of Takakura City―――
The tragedy came back after five years. Terror that should have been long buried has been lit aflame once more. The town is like a stirred hornet's nest. The Coμnet is shaken as well.
Storms always devour what's in their path. Everything starving arms have grasped, with perfect equality.
Mayuki: "It's spreading like wildfire, all over the place, both in real life and online."
First thing in the morning, I get a call from Mayuki of the indoor team.
On the other side of the electromagnetic waves, Mayuki's sitting in front of her desk with eyes closed and legs curled up.
Akihito: "It's a weekday. Don't you have school, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "Mayu-Mayu has caught mumps, measles and chicken pox all at once and is on the brink of death, but for her beloved Akihito-san she insists on going online and gathering information."
Akihito: "Liar."
Mayuki: "You've learned a lot, Akihito-san."
Mayuki: "Anyway, a lot of message boards look deserted now. More and more are requiring registration, and people think they're discussing something untoward in the private areas."
Mayuki: "And there are more and more accidents which seem likely to be caused by coμs......did you hear about the warehouse at the harbor going up in flames yesterday? That was from a fight between the Round Table and the anti-Rounds."
Akihito: "You found out fast."
Mayuki: "You know, in a thread about a certain subject there's always someone who claims to have been directly involved and starts posting information."
Mayuki: "Most of them are trolls, but the guy yesterday seemed legit. It looks like he really was there......so the information's from him."
The coμs hiding like submarines throughout the town learned this back when Jack the Ripper appeared.
Peace is an enormous castle built on thin ice.
We and our neighbors both have an enormous power. It's easy to kill someone after they run rampant with it, but it's very difficult to prevent them from doing it in the first place. There isn't anyone here to judge or punish us if we do.
In this gentle kingdom, the only one who will ever protect you is yourself. All the coμs know that now.
Suspicion brings fear, fear brings animosity, and animosity breeds new suspicion. The foolish cycle accelerates with each iteration.
Mayuki: "Anything could set everyone off at this point......what do you think will happen when it does?"
Akihito: "......nothing good, Mayu-Mayu."
The call ends. I gaze at the ceiling of the dark hotel room with the phone beeping in my ear.
Mayuki: （......what do you think will happen when it does?）
What Mayuki just said a moment ago replays in my head.
―――War.
A word that's always been taboo in this country comes to mind.
Fantasies of steel running wild in the city's shadows. There are probably hundreds of them.
This fighting can't be called anything but a war anymore.
Unless someone can strike a decisive blow somewhere――――
Everyone's turning into bloodthirsty runners on a track, just waiting for some kind of starting signal.
The Coμnet is already aflame.
There are people getting angry, saying that they need to strike first.There are people freaking out, saying that they need to run away.There are people screaming in loud voices that we all need to calm down.
Voices are powerless. Prayers can't reach anyone but yourself. Only willpower and action can change things in this gentle world.
That's what I learned on that gray roof.
Akihito: "......"
Rondo: "......someone called?"
She moves around on the bed. Rondo's tired face comes out from under the sheets.
Akihito: "I need to get going."
Rondo: "You look scary......what are you going to do, friend?"
Rondo has nothing but a thin sheet over her. The princess props up her chin with one arm, reminding me of a scene from a movie.
Akihito: "Figuring out who's behind the terrorist attacks."
Rondo: "The one......that Iroha got hurt in......? I knew you were an ally of justice, but now you're trying to fight mysterious terrorists?"
Akihito: "Of course not."
I'm no ally of justice anyway.
That day――My mother was killed. I hated the killer.
The police and the courts didn't grant my feeble wish for revenge.
I learned many years ago that the world doesn't care about me at all.
The world moves for its own reasons. The only thing that does what you want is yourself.
Akihito: "I almost got hurt myself. I'm after revenge."
Pain like being burnt by a fire.
If that was caused by fighting between the Round Table and the Anti-Rounds......
I'm the one who lit this fire. I chose to kill Jack.
Akihito: "――――"
Rondo: "If you find anything, talk to me. I have a score to settle with those guys too."
Her smile has confidence behind it now.
Akihito: "......see you, then."
Rondo: "You too, friend."
Rondo: "Also, Akihito......"
Rondo counts down something on her fingers.
Rondo: "Does that count as three times?"
Akihito: "Well, something like that."
Rondo: "Bye, Akihito."
Akihito: "......see you."
I'm surprised at how terse our goodbyes are.
The intersection in front of the station. When the light changes to green, that red jacket walks off with a newfound lightness.
It's still early morning by the time I get back to my room.
I pass through the empty living room and enter my bedroom.
For once, it's silent.
This place has always been too big for just one person to live in, but because Kagome barges in day and night it almost never feels tranquil, much less hollow.
And nowadays we have Benio here too.
We're too close together. We touch and invade each other's space whether we want to or not.
I try to remember what this apartment was like when I returned to Takakura, but I fail. I'm completely used to it now.
You can't become one with a different person. No matter how close you are, physically, emotionally, sexually, it won't happen. I know that, and yet......
Akihito: "――――"
The quiet is unsettling, almost making my ears ring. I turn my computer on to try and calm down.
I'll take a quick swim in the electronic sea. News sites. Message boards. Blogs."Another bombing in Takakura City―――"
Online people are talking about these attacks as if a monster committed them.
The explosion the day I met Yoruko. The destruction on the hill where the five of us met. The new one is being called the third incident.
All of these can be passed off as fairy tales. The other person behind the electromagnetic waves can be burned away with fear, tension, and amusement.
Akihito: "――――"
However......
Peace is also a fragile fairy tale, no different from a glass castle on a hill. The monster called misfortune is always sleeping right in front of our eyes.
Even without avatars and Girl A, this gentle kingdom has been resting on a monster's back from the beginning.
All tragedies and all joys are equally likely to occur.
There's no reason or meaning behind death. Likewise, life has no reason or meaning.
Those are all stories told by people who witnessed them.
That day――I wanted my mother's death to have a meaning.
What I saw was so sudden and so unfair that I couldn't stomach how meaningless it was.
Why did it have to be my mother? It could've been anyone at all.
It could've been me. It could've been the young couple next to us.
But in reality, the knife went through my mother's throat, and no one else's. Everything she did and everything that she might do in the future were denied in that instant.
―――Just like everyone who died in the recent attacks.
I unlock the top drawer of my desk. I locked it on the very first night I came back to this city. I thought I'd never open it again.
Inside is a crude tool.
A single knife given to me by a woman who came from the edge of the world.
The plain grip and heavy blade are simplicity itself. I can't infer any of the feelings its previous owner put into it.
I look at myself reflected in the blade.
A while after my mother died, I sat down on a roof under a frighteningly high sky which seemed gray despite clearly being blue. There, I met a death goddess.
Killer: ―――There's no meaning behind death.
She told me the gentle rules of this gentle kingdom.
Until that day, I'd been searching for the impossible, looking up at a sky I could never reach, but she told me to stop dreaming.
Don't dream. This is a gentle kingdom. Only willpower and action can change it.
Akihito: "......hm?"
A breeze brushes my cheek, pulling me out of my memories. No one's on the veranda, but the curtains are fluttering.
Akihito: "I thought I closed that......"
Kagome: "So you've grown to like knives as well, Akihito?"
Akihito: "――――!!!"
I thought my heart would stop. Somehow Kagome got behind me without a single footstep.
Akihito: "......are you a freaking ninja!? Were you trying to give me a heart attack!?"
Kagome: "Just a ninja? Don't insult me."
Kagome's black eyes focus on the simple blade. She appeared so suddenly that I had no chance to hide it.
Kagome: "That's a pretty good knife to keep hidden in a desk drawer."
Akihito: "......isn't it cheap?"
It's so simplistic that I can't imagine it's worth much.
More than anything, this is a curse. I've never considered its monetary value.
Kagome: "Not the price. The meaning. It's been used a lot, more than ten or twenty times. It's a pretty interesting thing for you to have, Akihito."
Killer: ―――I'm a killer.
That's what she called herself. She never gave a name.
This blade's history has the blood of countless people carved into it.
Many lives. Many souls. That woman said she stole them.
Thanks to her and this blade, I was able to stop living in a state of death, and I took my first step off of that gray roof.
Once again, I need this in order to move forward. I need the resolve and the heat that I had back then.
So......
I put the cold knife in its sheath and hide it under my jacket.
Kagome: "You seem more motivated than usual, Akihito. Normally you have too much excess fat to move."
Akihito: "This is something I need to settle."
I move my mouse. The browser tabs show articles about the bombings, one after the other.
Kagome: "Settle what? No one's done anything to you."
Akihito: "If this guy used Jack the Ripper as a stepping stone......then I'm responsible for this too."
Kagome: "Mouths never close once they open."
Akihito: "That's awfully straightforward for you, Kagome."
Kagome: "Someone would've killed Jack, even if you hadn't. The Round Table would've collapsed someday, even if you hadn't killed Jack."
Kagome: "Do you claim responsibility for those things?"
Kagome: "That's maddeningly arrogant. You're not even glossing over reality, you're making it up."
The witch ridicules me.
―――I remember the red color.
Far too many of the dying faces on that street reminded me of my mother's final moments.
Akihito: "I know......but I'm going to find him. I'm going to catch him. I will make him pay for all of this."
Don't dream. That's what I've been taught.
I can't reach the sky, so my hands have always grasped empty air whenever I tried.
But so what―――?
I chant just that one spell.
That day―――
Despite being told that only willpower and action can break through the world, I locked the drawer and let those words gather dust.
I left my fate up to chance, giving up and telling myself that whatever happens, happens. And yet, those words kept breathing deep in my heart, never disappearing.
They may be buried under fossils of emotions, but they never rusted.
Black heat pushes me forward.
That heat――
The anger over what's been stolen.The sadness of having them torn apart.The lament over being unable to save them.
Death. Defeat. Annihilation. Resignation.My unwillingness to forgive any of those things.
Kagome: "Very well. If that's what you want, I'll make it happen. I am your partner, Akihito."
She tickles my earlobe with her sweet nothings.
Akihito: "By the way, Kagome-san, I have a question."
Kagome: "What is it?"
Akihito: "............how long were you watching?"
Kagome: "I saw the part where you unlocked the drawer with a disturbing grin on your face and started licking the sharp blade."
Akihito: "I didn't do that!!"
So she was watching the whole time.
Akihito: "You invaded my privacy!!"
Kagome: "Don't hide things from your partner."
Akihito: "That's not the kind of partner I want!"
Kagome: "By the way, Akihito, I have a question."
Akihito: "......what? That's a very strange way for you to ask something."
Normally she'd just interrogate me.
Kagome: "......you smell like a woman I don't know."
She bites my ear. It barely hurts at all, but my heart shrinks.
Kagome: "Soap, and a woman, and......"
Akihito: "A-and......?"
Kagome: "Rondo Rondo."
Akihito: "――――!?"
What magic did she use!? There's no way you can figure that out just by smelling me!! She really is a dog.
Kagome: "This is her perfume. When someone uses the same perfume for a long time it starts mixing with their body odor, producing a unique smell."
Kagome: "If you don't want to get found out, you need to be more choosy when it comes to your playmates."
Akihito: "U-umm, my ear......"
She's still biting it, so I can't move, as if she's holding a gun to my head.
Benio: "Ah, morning......"
Benio just woke up.
The rich girl is no morning person, so she still looks out of it. She goes red and looks down when she sees us.
Benio: "Auuuuuuuuuu............"
Kagome: "You remember having it in you the moment you see the man's face in the morning? You really are a sow, on top of having no chest."
Akihito & Benio: ""Bu――!""
Benio: "Hi-Hi-Hina-Hinaori-shan, wh-wh-wh-what are you talking about!?"
She's fully and completely awake after one attack.
Kagome: "Go eat rice in the corner or something like a proper mistress. You should be grateful he's still giving you a room to sleep in."
Akihito: "......wait, why the hell are you saying that!?"
Kagome: "I'm going. Contact me if anything happens."
I reach out, but she slips through my fingers. You can't touch the witch no matter how close she seems.
Kagome vanishes from the veranda with the agility of a wild cat. Her long hair flies up for a moment, leaving a dark afterimage behind.
Benio: "Nyauuu."
Benio curled up when threatened, just like a pillbug.
Akihito: "You alive?"
Benio: "............uuu, it's no fair."
She glares at me.
Akihito: "Wh-what's no fair?"
Benio: "I'm really embarrassed, but you look perfectly fine, Akihito......"
Akihito: "......well, umm...everyone does it......"
Even after losing her virginity, she's still super-sensitive to erotic subjects.
Benio: "You've done it with everyone!? I really am just a toy to you!? Akihito, you playboy!"
Benio: "Hinaori-san and Ayaya-chan and Yoshimori-san and Mayuki-chan and O-Haru-san and Rondo and Nanase-san and――!"
Akihito: "No one said I slept with those people!"
Benio: "A-and me......"
Akihito: "............"
I was with Rondo until this morning. I feel a dull ache from that, even though we shouldn't be close enough for me to feel any guilt.
Benio: "Akihito, you cheater."
Akihito: "I keep telling you......"
Benio: "But I guess it's fine."
Akihito: "It's fine? You don't seem like the type who'd be okay with it......"
That's really surprising from Benio.
Benio: "I was thinking about this until a minute ago."
Benio: "You can only experience true love once in your life."
Benio: "I want to focus solely on the person I love, and I want that person to do the same for me."
Benio: "So......cheating, or going out with lots of other people...of course, that's no good."
Benio: "Or so I thought, but now it seems different......"
Akihito: "......it does?"
Benio: "Hey, when you stayed with me the other day, I really did feel better. Maybe that's why."
Akihito: "I still don't get it."
Benio: "Ehehehe......
so, do you dislike me?"
Akihito: "......of course not."
I find the words coming out of my mouth very strange.
Benio's a good person. She's so honest and straightforward that it's blinding.
But......
Love and hate. How much meaning do they really have?
This is a gentle kingdom. Our hearts never reach, our words never mesh, and our outstretched hands are always too late to help.
There's no meaning or reason behind anything. Hearts and lives can be reduced to phenomena.
Connections between people are just shallow fairy tales.
If you're going to be connected to someone, it's best to keep it shallow.
Connections aren't always beneficial. They bring pain and calamity as well.
Connections give rise to other connections, carrying all sorts of things with them. Wealth, destruction, friends, enemies, all in equal measure.
And yet......
Benio: "Do you like me?"
I'm at a loss for words.
Benio's so energetic.She trips and falls a lot, but she shakes it off and keeps walking.She's small, but she always gives her best effort.
It's different from Kagome's sharpness.It's a soporific warmth, like summer sunlight.
I feel a dull heat like charcoal somewhere in my chest.I find Benio's energy beautiful.
Benio: "......still no good."
She lowers her shoulders and sighs a little. Not a dark, sad exhalation, but the first breath of an engine starting up.
Akihito: "?"
Benio: "I like you, so I'm going to do everything I can."
Benio: "Until you like me back, Akihito."
Benio: "That's how I feel after losing my virginity."
Akihito: "......is that...maturity?"
Benio: "No idea."
Benio: "But I do like you. I mean it. I don't want to lie about that feeling, at least."
Benio: "So I hope we can stay friends."
Benio bows slightly as I'm taken aback.
====================H0359_事件の裏側.json====================
Akihito: "Are you sure I can't just do this myself?"
Benio: "Buuu."
Kagome: "Rejected."
My feeble attempt to shake off my guards is instantly squashed.
The huge digital clock on the side of the building says it's 7 AM.
We agreed to meet up on the footbridge in front of the station. I lean back against the fence as always, with a can of coffee in one hand as we wait for him to show up.
Akihito: "............"
The jumbotron's large LCD screen spits out news. Under the bridge is a row of cars with taillights on. The pedestrians' faces are all dark.
The world moves fast.
The world is a group of over six billion people. It races along billions of times faster than any one person.
Deep in my heart, a dry sensation similar to resignation threatens to steal that heat.
―――You might never catch them.
Then the noisy voices interrupt my thoughts.
Benio: "No good. Absolutely no good. That's as utterly unacceptable as sprinkling salmon roe on a melon and eating it!"
Benio crosses her arms in rejection.
Geez, why is she always so energetic for no reason?
I don't even have time to be depressed when she's around.
Akihito: "What kind of girl uses salmon roe in a random simile like that?"
Benio: "I know it's Nanase-san, but she's still a connector. You're the one always telling us to be careful in case things get dangerous."
Benio: "Always take action in two man cells! 
Takekawa Benio is on your side and will protect the peace and justice of this city. Takekawa Benio reporting for duty!"
Two people is enough to at least make Babylon move around competently.
Benio: "......and, besides......it is......Nanase-san......so......"
Akihito: "I can't hear you."
Benio: "H-......ey......"
Her mouth opens and closes. Her cheeks are red.
Akihito: "What?"
Kagome: "That sow's chest was massive."
Benio: "......"
Her eyes look like a fish that's been rotting in the fridge for two weeks.
Kagome: "And Akihito is a boob man no matter what time of day it is."
Akihito: "I've never called myself that and you know it!"
Benio: "......so you are thinking about it."
Akihito: "Uu......I just dug my own grave."
Benio: "You think about it morning, day, and night, before and after every meal! You're comparing me and Hinaori-san! You look at me and O-Haru-san together and smirk!!"
Akihito: "No! I don't!"
When the digital clock on the building shows 7:15, Nanase arrives.
Nanase: "Sorry for making you wait."
We walk as we talk to make it harder for anyone to eavesdrop on us.
The north side is typically filled with couples on a weekend, but after the explosion happened, it's nowhere near as popular.
Nanase: "The situation isn't good."
Akihito: "That bad?"
To catch up to the world, we need information more than anything else. That's why we asked for some of Nanase's time, even though she's incredibly busy.
The Round Table is the largest cabal in the Coμnet. Power in numbers. They gather a lot of information.
Nanase: "People are growing tense everywhere, as if a war is about to begin."
Caesar's Legion―――
The arrogant king was already powerful enough to be a major source of the Coμnet's stability.
Akihito: "Now that Caesar's gone......"
――Gasai Itsuki.
Has he really been injured? Or......
Everything about this situation is vague and gray. There isn't an easy answer to any of it.
When I think of that hateful iron face, my chest hurts for no real reason.
I really don't know why, and that makes it all the more annoying.
Many short-tempered militant cabals gathered under Caesar's hand, so that power was behind them whenever they glared at the Coμnet.
But now the king is gone. What he'd been holding back is gushing to the surface.
Some run wild for revenge on the king. Some draw the bowstring on their accumulated hatred. Some of them load new bullets from terror.
Thousands of enemies climb over the king's corpse, like an army of vengeful ghosts.
Kagome: "The idiots are knocking each other down like dominoes."
Akihito: "And they might knock us down too at some point."
Benio: "Situations like this really aren't logical......"
Akihito: "They are."
For instance――
A and B make a deal. A holds money in his right hand, and B holds the item in his right hand. They both hold a gun in their left hand. 
So what should they do?
Benio: "......why not just give B the money and take it?"
The best answer is――Draw your gun and shoot him in the head.Whoever shoots first wins everything.
Benio: "Eh? But......that's......eeeh?"
Benio's confused by the idea that betrayal can have a perfectly logical justification.
That was a simplified example. The real world is a bit more complex.
For example――If the deal has to happen several times over, and others hear what you did to him......
Then the assurance that you can repeat the deal later makes it more beneficial to make the exchange than to kill him.
If everyone else learned you betrayed one person, they'll all avoid you and you'll never be able to make that deal again. No one will do business with someone who might shoot them in the head.
That's logical. So logical that it's frustrating and depressing.
We can't live without hanging around each other like cattle, but we can't stay together without some kind of restraints.
Akihito: "Nanase-san, is it true that Caesar was seriously injured? From what I've heard, he doesn't seem like the kind of guy who'd die that easily."
That means nothing. All humans die easily, for no reason, with no meaning.
Nanase: "After the incident, we haven't heard from him once. The Round Table knows nothing more than that......"
Red warning lights flicker somewhere in my head. I sense an invisible, bottomless abyss right next to me.
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "Why the weird face?"
A slight change you wouldn't notice if you weren't used to seeing it. The snake is targeting prey.
Kagome: "――The sow's been tailed."
She whispers in my ear, too quietly for Nanase to hear.
Akihito: "Who? The anti-Rounds? Or――"
Kagome: "It could be internal. After all, the sow is hanging out with the black dragon coμ a lot."
A tremendous power is like a stone in water. That's what Gasai said.
Akihito: "I still don't feel famous though."
Nanase: "Is something wrong?"
――She lost one of her targets.
She took her eyes off of them for less than two seconds as she passed through the crowds, but the long black hair vanished like mist.
Did she just lose her? Or did that woman slip away?
She looks around. Her ears prick up. She's proud of her sensors, but at this time of day and on this street, there are too many cars driving by and people heading home from work. 
It'd be easy to keep going. She knows both the north and south sides of the new heart like the back of her hand. That group stands out so much that she could easily find them again. 
???: "......?"
Her nose shakes slightly.
Something other than logic warns her that she's in trouble. Her instincts are usually right, but whether she listens to them or not depends on her mood.
Normally her curiosity outweighs the risk, but she decides to be careful here, given what she's up against.
She can always talk to him tomorrow and try to get him to spill the beans.
This is far enough for tonight. She turns back into the alleyway.
Kagome: "Die."
The black witch is already in that same alley. Her eyes glimmer in the darkness.
???: "Nyoooo!!?"
Even in a back alley, it's not normal in modern Japan to greet someone with "Die" when you bump into them downtown. But that logic doesn't apply.
The witch's blade changes on a daily basis. Today it's the medium kukri knife, Sanrou-kun.
Despite the cute name, it has enough speed and power to kill.
The steel knife cuts five millimeters in front of her nose.
She just barely avoided it, not because of her quick reflexes, but because a hand pulled her back at the last moment.
Akihito: "Why are you trying to kill her?"
Kagome: "I was holding back, I think."
I caught a 148 centimeter cat. It's even longer than the mad dog of Cape Inuubo.
Akihito: "So......what are you doing here, Senpai?"
Kururi: "Nyaaa."
Semimaru Kururi acts like a feral cat.
Dark subjects are best discussed in dark places.
We go three alleys away from the main road, where even the air feels completely different.
Underneath one of the bridges of the Houzan Loop Line―――
One of the prefecture's major routes of transit, which passes through Takakura Station.
In a typical school battle story, this is where the serial killer's first victim would be found by the hero or one of his childhood friends......according to Mayuki.
Akihito: "So what were you doing?"
Me, Kagome, Benio and Nanase. We surround Kururi and question her. Most people would call this an interrogation.
Kururi: "Nyaaa."
Akihito: "If you keep playing dumb, the snake's gonna eat you, eat you~"
I repeat the ending for emphasis. I pull on one of her cheeks.
Kururi: "......Aki-chan, you owe me."
Akihito: "I don't remembering owing you anything."
Kururi: "Men who pry into pretty girls' secrets have no right to live. Right, Beni-chan?"
Benio: "Eh? Ah, well......yes."
Akihito: "Hey, Ojou-san, don't play along with the cat."
Benio: "......ah, uu."
Kagome: "Do you know what usually happens to the detective in a thriller just before the first half ends?"
Kururi: "Blackmail, of course. But Kururi-chan won't break so easily. Detectives have dignity too, especially super-detectives."
Kururi: "The thick wall of confidentiality prevents us from understanding each other. Aaah, what a sad world we live in."
Kagome: "I see."
Of course, Kagome's dictionary has no words like "ethics" or "morals."
Kagome: "Then we'll start with the A course."
Her tone is gentle, but she looks at Kururi like a fish on the cutting board.
Kururi: "I changed my mind. I very suddenly changed my mind. Humans need to understand each other after all."
In this world, one's life always outweighs any obligation or human dignity.
Benio: "......uwa, you make it sound so sad."
Akihito: "So what's going on?"
Kururi: "Well actually, this wasn't a request. I was just curious. So confidentiality has nothing to do with it."
Kururi: "Remember back when Kururi-chan almost got erased from the record books? I'm still investigating that."
Akihito: "That sounds typical for any of your cases."
Benio: "Do you mean back when――"
There was a time when Kururi encountered an avatar and disappeared for several days.
Nanase: "............?"
Kururi: "Well, it all started when――――"
According to Kururi......
At the time she'd been looking into a new and popular drug out of personal curiosity.
Any sensible person would consider that far too dangerous, but the catgirl would stroll into the depths of hell if she felt like it.
That drug has been coming into the town for about half a year through a brand new route that the old guard doesn't know about.
It got popular with students since it's cheap and effective, so it cut into the profits of the pleasure district.
Akihito: "―――A new drug shipped in from a brand new route?"
Kururi: "Yep, yep."
―――No doubt about it.
That's the same drug that Yoshimori Minato got addicted to.
A typhoon suddenly rearranging the map of the city's underworld. Of course, the old guard wasn't happy.
When she looked into it, the suppliers seemed to be amateurs and she couldn't pin down their source of funds.
There had to be someone more experienced behind them.
So there was only one possible outcome. The insolent brats who showed no respect for the preexisting business would get beaten to death and thrown in the bay.
A typical turf war.
But there were a few atypical things about it.
Despite her expectations, those newcomers managed to survive not only scuffles but also serious fights with the existing suppliers.
A ridiculous rumor started spreading that one of them could control monsters.
Benio: "Control monsters......"
Fantasies of steel hiding in the city's darkness―――Avatars.
Even one group of connectors would be enough to fend off any illegal community relying on mere muscle strength.
Akihito: "How plausible was that rumor?"
Kururi: "Kururi-chan did think it was 70% fishy at first......"
Kururi: "So I pinned down one of the places where they make the deals――"
Kururi: "And a wild man-eating drug appeared!! A beast of terror! A chupacabra! A 4.5 billion year old monster!"
Kururi: "Then that Hollywood-style gorilla-like thing met up with a green thing and they had a lovely first time together......it was amazing."
Akihito: "You watched all of this instead of running away?"
Kururi: "Don't worry, I'm still alive."
Akihito: "But you almost died!"
Kururi is unperturbed.
Benio: "Anyway, umm――"
Nanase: "...why me......?"
Why was Kururi tailing Takatou Nanase?
Akihito: "If you pretend not to know after all this, we'll cut off all your whiskers."
Kururi: "Ginyaaa!!"
Whiskers are a cat's weak point.
Benio: "Which parts are the whiskers?"
Akihito: "Don't take it so seriously, Benio-san."
Kururi: "But first......Kururi-chan has one question. Aki-chan, do you and your friends know that woman?"
She looks back and forth between Nanase and the rest of us.
Akihito: "......somewhat. It's a long story."
Kururi: "Oh well. I'll look extra hard into the details later."
Akihito: "At least respect my privacy! We're friends!"
Why does everyone I know love trampling over people's privacy?
Kururi: "She's my lead. She's connected to them."
She's pointing to Nanase.
Benio: "No way."
Akihito: "......drug dealers and Nanase-san?"
Nanase: "I-I've......never............done......"
Akihito: "That's about as impossible as Kururi-chan turning into a pure glasses-wearing librarian girl."
Kururi: "Humans are strange creatures that live in the darkness. You never know what they might be doing behind your back."
Kagome: "Akihito."
Kagome prompts me.
Akihito: "Nanase-san."
I tell her a date, too quietly for Kururi to hear.
Akihito: "Do you remember feeling an activation signal that day?"
Nanase looks down and thinks for a moment, then tells me she's not sure. 
Nanase: "There might have been, but I don't know for sure. I don't always ask the rest of my coμ when that happens."
Akihito: "Do you have any pictures of the other members?"
Nanase: "Eh......?"
Nanase doesn't seem to understand the situation.
Akihito: "Senpai, you mentioned a "huge green monster" a while ago. Is that the one you saw with the gorilla?"
Kururi: "Yeah, yeah. Good memory. I love it when kouhais listen."
A green monster, neither dragon nor lizard. For instance――
Fuchur.
Nanase: "That can't be......!"
Akihito: "We need to find out for sure, right?"
Nanase: "......"
Nanase hesitates.
Because of her job advising new coμs, everyone knows what she looks like. There's no point hiding her personal information.
But she can't accept herself and her coμ being put under such clear suspicion.
She reluctantly opens her cell phone's photo gallery. The LCD screen shows a picture of everyone in her coμ. They're all smiling.
Akihito: "Senpai, was it one of these guys?"
Kururi: "Him."
Kururi instantly sticks a finger toward the right side of the screen.
Nanase: "――――!"
I can hear the blood rush out of Nanase's face.
I already know the name of the man standing next to Nanase.
――David.
Nanase: "That's not possible. This has to be a mistake!"
It's rare to see her voice rise like that.
Benio: "C-calm down, Nanase-san! We still don't know for――"
Kagome: "Call him so we can find out."
Kagome effortlessly crosses a line the rest of us were hesitating to touch.
Nanase: "Uu............!"
Nanase shrinks, like a frog with a snake glaring at it.
Kagome: "Don't misunderstand. You have no choice here. If you don't call him, you'll die."
Akihito: "Are you a gang boss now? At least try to consider her feelings."
Kagome: "This is how I do things. Got a problem with it?"
Akihito: "Do you seriously think I don't?"
Akihito: "......Nanase-san, can you call him right away?"
Nanase: "Umm......yes. Given the situation, I've told David to be ready to move out at any time."
Akihito: "......let's go somewhere isolated, just in case things get bad."
We all have avatars. We don't know what he might do when he's cornered.
Nanase: "I can't believe......David would......"
It's nice when people understand things quickly.
Akihito: "Just to be safe."
Kagome: "There is one problem."
Benio: "What is it?"
Kururi: "What? Wh-wh-what? I smell a delicious secret."
Her nose twitches with excitement.
Akihito: "Senpai, you need to stop sifting through people's dirty laundry all the time."
Kururi: "Things you want to hide now will be beautiful memories of youth when you're older."
Kururi: "But people are such sad creatures, placing a lid on their memories and shelving them forever......"
Kururi: "So Kururi-chan gathers up their memories instead and makes a scrapbook out of them. I'm so kind."
Akihito: "You're the worst humanity has to offer."
But we need the worst in order to solve this case.
Benio: "......does that mean you'll tell her?"
Kururi: "What? Tell me what?"
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "......hmmmm."
I have to think about this.
Haru: "This must be huge if you're bringing out O-Haru-san too."
Akihito: "Not really, we're just worried there might be a bit of a fight."
Haru: "This has nothing to do with the terrorist attacks, right?"
Akihito: "Yeah, but this guy could be dangerous, so we want to be ready."
Mayuki: "Fuchur of the Round Table? So we're settling a score with our rival. We know what it can do now, so I think we'll be fine."
Izawa: "I'm too busy for this shit."
Akihito: "I'd like to wrap this up quickly myself. We've got plenty of other stuff to do. If David comes alone, there shouldn't be a problem."
Izawa: "He could bring the other three."
It's possible that all four of them have betrayed Nanase together. Izawa smiles with glee as Nanase trembles with disbelief.
Izawa: "I missed my chance to kill him last time. This time I'll do it right."
Benio: "Learn some common sense, you animal!"
Akihito: "Even if he summons Fuchur, don't break it."
If we destroy Fuchur, Nanase dies too. Connectors are bound by that cruel rule.
Nanase: "Is this your coμ, Mizuwa-kun?"
Nanase stares at us, puzzled.
Nanase: "Why six? ......is one of them not a――――"
Kagome: "Hmph."
The black witch looks down and laughs instead of answering the question.
Izawa: "By the way......what's the pipsqueak doing here?"
Kururi's hiding in the shadows under a nearby bridge.
Benio: "I think she's taller than you, Izawa."
Akihito: "You're not supposed to say that!"
Izawa: "......you...I'll crush you until you fold up like a real ironing board."
Akihito: "Gyaaa! Another taboo!"
Kururi: "Hey, Ii-chan."
A casual voice, indifferent to the flying sparks.
Kagome: "Ii-chan?"
Kagome reacts. That's rare.
Kururi: "Izawacchi, so Ii-chan."
Akihito: "Why the hell are you calling him that!?"
Izawa: "......stop it."
Kururi: "What's wrong with it, Ii-chan?"
Akihito: "......do you two know each other?"
Kururi: "Yep. The girls that Kururi-chan's staying with live in Ii-chan's territory."
Izawa: "......tsk."
Kururi: "But I didn't think Ii-chan was the head of such an evil organization. It's amazing, just like Acceptors."
Izawa: "......Mizuwa, what the fuck did you tell her?"
Akihito: "We made a secret society to do school battle stuff and you're one of the ringleaders."
Izawa: "I'll throw you off the Takakura Suspension Bridge."
Actually, I tried giving her a general summary of the situation while leaving all the important bits as vague as possible, but the details don't matter.
Akihito: "The world really is small."
Kururi regularly slips in and out of the city's underworld, so it makes sense that she'd know someone like Izawa, but still――
Kagome: "Ii-chan, let's put a skirt on you next time."
Izawa: "......!!"
Akihito: "Don't bully him."
Nanase: "......he's almost here."
Nanase hides her unease, and David appears momentarily.
A natural honey blonde, unlike any dyed imitation. We can hear his footsteps from the darkness under the bridge.
David: "What's going on, Nanase? I don't remember you saying they'd be here. And who are all these people? I don't think we......"
A train passes overhead. The light from its windows briefly illuminates David's puzzled face. The metallic sounds grow distant.
Akihito: "We were in a hurry, and there's something we wanted to ask you in person, David-san."
David: "Ask me? All right. If there's something even I could help with, I'd be happy to."
Akihito: "You heard him......"
Mayuki: "Your turn, Sensei."
Kururi: "Nyaaa."
Kururi appears from the shadows. A small cat wearing glasses shines in the moonlight.
David: "――――"
That should have been a complete surprise, but David doesn't flinch.
Akihito: "Whaddya think, Sensei?"
Kururi: "Let me make this perfectly clear. The culprit is among us. He thought he could cover up his crime, but one slight mistake revealed all the answers."
Kururi: "Yes, the abominable killer who murdered Semimaru Kururi is――"
Akihito: "You're not dead though."
Kururi: "Y. O. U!"
Kururi's finger points directly toward David's face so hard it almost makes a noise.
Nanase: "......! David......you......!"
David: "W-......wait, what is this about? I have no idea what she's talking about......"
Haru: "Wow, people actually say that line."
Mayuki: "It's so generic. Hearing someone say it seriously is weirdly shocking."
Kururi: "Oyaa? You're playing dumb?"
Kururi: "Kururi-chan's glasses saw you attending that drug deal on that day, at that time, on that night, at that place!!"
David: "......I still don't understand, but have you confused me with someone else?"
Kururi: "Still playing dumb."
David: "......do you have any proof that it was me you saw?"
Kagome: "Yet another generic line."
Izawa: "Hey, Mizuwa. Let's just grab him and make him talk already."
Benio: "What are you saying!? How is that acceptable!?"
Akihito: "Well, do you have any?"
Kururi: "Not really."
That answer gives David back his confidence.
David: "I've heard Japanese find it difficult to tell one Caucasian from another. There are lots of tall men in this city who look like me."
David: "Whoever you saw at that deal must have been――"
Akihito: "When you put it like that, it sounds plausible."
Kururi: "Uwa, you're so useless, Kouhai. Why are you letting the culprit talk you out of it?"
Akihito: "Because you aren't taking this seriously, Senpai."
David: "Umm, so, is that all you wanted to ask me?"
Akihito: "More or less. Honestly, that is all we wanted to ask you."
Akihito: "After all, we can just show Nanase-san the picture Kururi-chan took of the guy on her cell phone."
His confidence a moment ago turns into tension. He instinctively reaches for her cell phone, but Izawa grabs his arm.
David screwed up. Izawa's fist digs into his solar plexus.
David: "......! ――Gobu!?"
After David bends down, Izawa slams his knee up into his face.
David rolls along the ground like a broken doll.
Nanase: "David!?"
Benio: "Izawa, that's too much!"
Izawa: "He should feel lucky that he's not dead yet."
Kagome: "So dark."
Nanase: "David, you......"
David: "............!"
David's face contorts as much as any human's can, only partially because of the physical pain Izawa inflicted. I can't tell if he's smiling or crying.
I was bluffing about her having a picture.
I found what was left of Kururi's cell phone in that alley back when she disappeared.
If David had read and remembered the newspaper article about it, he wouldn't have fallen for such a simple trick.
Kururi: "You're so mean, Kouhai-kun."
Akihito: "It's his fault for falling for such a simple trick in the 21st century."
Kururi: "I didn't mean that."
A Cheshire Cat's smile looks up at me from the darkness.
Kururi: "You went out of your way to mention Nanase-chan's name. You knew that was his weakness, Aki-chan."
I remember the picture on Nanase's phone. David was smiling at Nanase, and he looked like he was really enjoying himself.
Nanase: "......then...it's true? ......it's all true......? Y-you've......been..."
David: "Fu――――――"
David groans with despair as Nanase approaches. Instead of a grating scream, he speaks that name.
David: "―――Fuchur!!"
His violent shout reverberates through the corridor under the bridge. Before the echoes fade away, a blue-white light explodes before our eyes.
A gate light. A green jewel emerges from beyond the bright, oozing blue glow.
A holy warrior who serves the Round Table Masters―――Fuchur.
Kagome: "Don't waste your breath."
The witch laughs with the gate light at her back.
Kagome's long shadow blots out the new swirl of light.
Akihito: 　　　　　　　"――――Come, Babylon."　　　　　　　
A black dragon, darker than night, crawls out of its own blue gate. Its name is Babylon.
David: "Nanase, kill them, now!"
Nanase: "......uu, a......uaa......hi......"
David: "Nanase, help me!"
Nanase shakes her head like a sobbing child.
David: "Nanaseee!"
David's terrified.
Connectors come in groups. There's a limit to what any of them can do alone.
Plus, Fuchur is a Georgios.
In exchange for their tremendous power, controlling dragons is complex and finicky. Even with all five members, it's not easy to move one around the way you want.
All five of Babylon's connectors are here. His only hope of putting up a fight against us is to get Nanase's help.
Akihito: "―――We're gonna attack now. Get ready."
After I say that, the pitch-black dragon moves toward Fuchur.
The dragon's claws carry black magic. Babylon's special power is controlling gravity, so one of its attacks can easily pulverize even heavy Georgios armor.
There's no way for him to avoid the fact that he's fighting alone. But just before Fuchur is thrown to the ground―――
The rumbling of torn air reaches our ears.
A sharp flapping noise, but nothing nearby is flying.An invisible hammer crashes into Babylon head-on.
Heat explodes. The air burns with a pure, intense heat, but no flames.
Fuchur just released what was effectively a bullet of wind from its mouth, so of course we couldn't see anything.
The same power that produced the "Song of Ende"―――Fuchur's vibrations heated a ball of air to a few hundred degrees in only a few seconds.
Unlike the song, that ability has a much shorter range and is far more damaging.
Even if it didn't hit you directly, the waves of heat would annihilate a connector in no time.
David: "Did that work――――!?"
Mayuki: "David-san, the guy who says that always ends up losing."
Ten points cut through the world.They devour the scorching atmosphere and belch darkness.
A black shield――
It's five versus two. Since Nanase isn't going to help him, he never had a chance.
His last gamble was attempting a surprise attack, but even that was crushed by the black shield.
David: "Uu......ah, aaaaa......!"
Haru: "Let's go, Izawacchi."
Izawa: "Tsk, this thing's so weak."
Just one attack. Babylon's black fist sends Fuchur flying through the air.
Without his avatar, David has no means of fighting back anymore.
He falls to the ground like a toy whose batteries have died, and answers all our questions.
David: "Yes......you're right. I tried to kill her with Fuchur. I was there when the deal went down."
Nanase: "Why......would you......?"
David: "Why? ......aah, why......that's a tough question."
Akihito: "You did it for Nanase-san, right?"
David laughs dryly. His cold porcelain expression is just hollow mask, which tells us more than anything that what he's saying now is true.
Benio: "For Nanase-san......?"
Mayuki: "I don't understand."
Nanase: "What do you............?"
Kagome: "A simple calculation."
Kagome: "Moving an organization takes people. Moving people takes money, even if they all claim to be volunteers."
Nanase: "――――"
At first, the organization ran on passion, but that didn't last forever, especially as they got bigger.
Resources. Real estate. Personnel......everything takes money, money, and more money. Philanthropy will only get you so far.
Mayuki: "That does make a lot of sense."
Benio: "......so......that's why......?"
Nanase: "I never wanted――It wasn't worth......"
David: "It wasn't like this at first."
David's confession continues like drops of water falling to the ground.
―――It started when the Round Table was reorganizing itself.
Takatou Nanase was the lone woman among the Round Table Masters. She was a serious pacifist and a small-scale internet idol.
Nanase's popularity was a double-edged sword. She gathered both good and ill will. Her public support could slip out from under her at any moment.
David was an excellent strategist. He took charge of all the background tasks supporting Nanase's activities and never exploited that position for selfish gain.
Late last year, Nanase's group started to run low on resources.
Girl A continued appearing, indifferent to David's predicament.
More and more connectors appear every day. This year in particular, the rate has been accelerating.
So Nanase's group had to work on a larger and larger scale.
Takatou Nanase was a "good person." She's kind, she trusts people, and she wants to help them.
But―――Kindness and good intentions don't keep the world spinning. As the group got bigger, it got heavier, and at some point, it passed the level where people's trust in Nanase was enough to support it.
On the surface, everything was running smoothly, but from David's point of view behind the scenes, they were living in a house of swiss cheese.
Nanase's efforts were an incredible boon to the Coμnet. That's a fact.
She was giving newly awakened connectors the precious information they needed.
David didn't want to crush Nanase's passion.
So―――
David: "......someone invited me."
David: "One of the other leaders of the Round Table had a lot of connections to criminal organizations, so he suggested that I join him."
Nanase: "......no......in the Round Table......?"
Izawa: "Keh! You people make me sick."
Power becomes beneficial only after conversion, just like water and fire spinning turbines to make electricity.
Avatars are extremely powerful, but all tools depend on how they're used. Knives can kill people, or they can cut down trees and butcher animals, allowing people to live.
That man reached an obvious conclusion. He found a way to use the power of avatars to make money.
Kagome: "Clever little mouse."
Akihito: "Mouse?"
Kagome: "He won over the man in charge of keeping the whole group going. Whoever he is, he's effectively taken over the group."
Haru: "Must be a smart guy."
Izawa: "So who is it? Hey, don't go quiet now. Say it. Or are you gonna protect him out of dignity or something?"
Dignity......even if he was used, it was his choice to make a deal with the devil.
Nanase: "............please tell us, David."
David: "............Kugura."
Nanase's words prompt him to reveal it.
Nanase: "......!"
Akihito: "Kugura......there's a big name."
Sir Lancelot of the Round Table. Kugura Kouichi.
Kagome: "Open the box and there's a sewer rat inside."
Izawa: "That pompous bastard? I never did like him."
Benio: "......!"
Akihito: "There's one more thing I want to ask......do you have any idea why Kugura wanted to get you involved?"
Was he just after Nanase's group?
That question is rolling around uncomfortably in the pit of my stomach. He might have just been making more connections, gathering more accomplices......but it doesn't feel like he was just in it for the money.
David: "......Kugura......wants to replace Caesar."
Akihito: "Huh?"
I make a stupid noise.
David: "That's what he's using the drug money for. He's recruiting other groups."
David: "He's......Kugura's already decided to give up on the Round Table."
David: "The Coμnet is too big now to keep under control just by trying to get along with everyone, so――"
Akihito: "He wants to be the king?"
David: "Yes. The prince is serious. He's going to use this situation to his advantage."
Akihito: "Prince?"
Nanase: "......that's what Kugura-san's allies call him."
David: "He's hoping that Caesar's Legion and the anti-Rounds will crush each other so he can be the one left in power at the end."
David: "He's going to abandon the Round Table......no, reshape it. He'll direct all the criticism toward the old leaders, and paint himself as the leader of a new generation."
Haru: "Wow, that's ambitious."
Mayuki: "Why do men always want to be such bigshots?"
Akihito: "I see. So Kugura went after you to get a connection to Nanase's group."
More bluntly, so he could use her. It's rare to find someone as good for PR as Nanase.
David: "......this isn't just about us. Kugura had something special planned for your coμ."
Haru: "Oya? He never told us."
Benio: "Wait, what do you mean!?"
Mayuki: "That sounds intriguing."
Izawa: "Explain."
Izawa grows colder. Nothing is more dangerous than a cold Izawa.
David: "......it's about Caesar. Kugura needs to defeat Caesar to become the king himself."
David: "Caesar's very careful. No one knows his identity."
David: "But when the real fighting breaks out, El-ahrairah has to appear sooner or later."
David: "El-ahrairah is an indestructible king. It's fought a thousand battles and never lost. Our Fuchur and Kugura's Oberon don't stand a chance against it."
David: "For a long time, Kugura's been looking for a special bullet that might reach Caesar's heart."
Izawa gnashes his teeth ferociously.
Izawa: "Now isn't that interesting."
He smiles like a carnivore who's found prey.
====================H0360_代価の結末.json====================
Akihito: "If Kugura's after Caesar, then maybe what happened to Yamate......"
Someone used Yamate's coμ as a disposable pawn. A cheap, roundabout trick requiring lots of money. That matches Kugura.
It didn't matter if Yamate's coμ succeeded or not. They'd still serve as a spark. If by some chance they managed to do some real damage to the Legion, so much the better.
Izawa: "Hey, was the attack the other day―――"
Akihito: "......that feels too violent for Kugura."
Most likely――There's an invisible monster hidden in the mist.
Several plots. Stratagems. Plans moving where no one knows about them. The world is made of as many threads as there are people. The world is still dizzyingly fast.
Akihito: "......"
This progress should make me happy, but instead I feel down, as if it's been raining since morning.
Izawa: "――――"
Izawa pulls out his Heishin. The sound of cold steel grating. The barrel glares at David's temple from point-blank range.
Benio: "――Izawa!"
Haru: "Oh my."
Mayuki: "......why are you threatening his life all of a sudden?"
Kagome: "Such an unstable titmouse."
Izawa: "He did it, so I'm going to make him pay."
Izawa's anger is like iron.
Benio: "But......he'll die if you shoot him."
Izawa: "Duh."
Normally Izawa's like gunpowder, but right now we're seeing a much thicker shadow flickering deep in his eyes.
David: "......ii!"
His regret and self-loathing fly away. Pitiful terror and an unsightly will to live return.
The man who used to be Nanase's right hand struggles in vain.
Nanase: "Please......Mizuwa-kun, what will come of executing him here like a mob......?"
Izawa: "And what'll come of not killing him? Do you understand what he did? How many people he affected? Or do you think you can fix him with one of your little seminars?"
Haru: "Hmm, I've gotta go with Izawacchi on this one."
Benio: "But... no matter what he did......we can't just kill him!"
Mayuki: "I'm on your side tonight, Benio-san, but still......"
Mayuki doesn't finish her sentence. She can't completely commit herself to Haru's or Benio's opinion.
Mayuki: "......Akihito...san."
She looks up at me, hoping for help. Dammit.
Akihito: "......Izawa, I'm surprised you're taking the side of justice."
Izawa's calm.
You can't cut connectors away from their avatars.Killing them is the only way to stop them for good.
The kingdom of coμs――The Coμnet.There's no one here to judge or to punish.
That's why Izawa pulled out his gun. He doesn't depend on others, and he's not afraid to destroy others for what he feels is right.
Izawa: "I've never done anything that sickening."
Izawa: "I'm just going to make him pay for what he did."
Izawa: "So――Which side are you on, Mizuwa? The girl you like's asking for help. Why not join her?"
Kagome: "It's three against three, Akihito."
The witch's eyes urge me on as she smiles like a crescent moon. She's recommending I make the same decision I've made time and time again.
Nanase, Benio and Mayuki are objecting to the severity of the punishment. Haru and Kagome are acknowledging Izawa's motives as just.
If I add my little finger to the scales, they'll tilt in one direction.
Nanase: "Please stop this, Mizuwa-kun!"
She clings to me. Dammit......it always feels bad having women cry at me.
David. He distributed the new drugs. Yoshimori was one of their victims.
He almost killed Kururi. Someone else died in Kururi's place. He tried to kill all of us just a minute ago.
It's so stupid. Why can he kill so easily? Even Jack the Ripper was never so casual.
He cleans up lives that are of no use to him just like throwing out a broken TV, and yet he's trying to plead for his own life.
Death is easy. Death has no reason or meaning.
So it would be easy for me to allow this. I just have to dismantle my emotions with reason, to tell myself anger is useless, and nothing will change what he's done.
―――I feel disgusted.
Akihito: "......Nanase-san, I have no reason to feel sympathy for him."
Nanase: "Mizuwa...kun......"
She steps back, her hope crushed. Tears appear in her eyes.
――The red color.
I can't stand to see a woman's tears.
――Yoshimori's face. Pale resignation. A shadow of defeat.
They just happened to be in the wrong place and the wrong time, so they were chosen to have their lives taken away.
――Ikuha's face. The screams after the attack.
I feel nauseous.
Izawa: "Then it's settled."
Izawa's voice brings me back to reality. The mad dog starts to slowly pull the trigger.
Benio: "Stop it!"
Just before fire shoots out of the barrel, Benio stands in front of it.
Izawa: "Out of the way, idiot."
Benio: "I'm not moving! You'll kill him!"
She glares at the gun head on. That pointless bravery is so like her.
Izawa: "What's the big deal? You killed Jack the Ripper just like the rest of us."
Izawa: "......this guy's done plenty to deserve getting shot. Call it karma or something......you've heard of that, right?"
Benio: "......I know all that. I know what I did, and what he did......but......this......this doesn't feel right at all!"
Izawa: "......you are such a pain. Don't come out and argue when you can't do a damn thing yourself."
Izawa: "Just move. Do you want to get shot too?"
Benio: "Do it! Shoot us! Stupid Izawa!!"
She yells at the gun as her face twists with something resembling desperation. I can't tell if she's crying or angry.
Living is synonymous with changing. Likewise, purity and foolishness are two sides of the same coin.
No one can ever stay pristine. Sooner or later, they realize that there is no paradise waiting at the other end of the rainbow.
And yet, Benio's still saying these things.
――She still believes in justice.
Just like a spell.
A spell no one will ever grant.Justice and evil are merely differences in viewpoint.
To Ikuha, the heroes of the Coμnet who defeated Jack the Ripper are just the murderers who killed her brother.
Benio: "――――"
But so what―――?
Benio holds out her arms and stands in Izawa's way because she can't accept this.
Behind her is a man who tried to kill her before.
She has no logical reason to be protecting him.
Only in manga can you change someone just by extending a hand with good faith.
The real world is always filled with unfairness.It's easy to take things from others, and vice versa.
And yet, Benio keeps saying these things over and over, like a stubborn child.
She always gets depressed when she fails, but for some reason she never gives up.
She's―――
Something solidifies inside Izawa, and his right hand moves. Crap, he's gonna shoot.
Akihito: "Nanase-san, David, can we make a deal?"
I interrupt them before it happens.
Izawa: "......"
Izawa's trigger finger stops five millimeters before setting it off.
Akihito: "If you accept my conditions, we'll leave David's punishment up to you, Nanase-san."
Nanase: "............what conditions?"
Akihito: "I want you to put pressure on Kugura."
Akihito: "Accuse him or impeach him or whatever, just try to drag him away from the Round Table and keep him tied up elsewhere."
Benio: "Akihito......"
Izawa: "Don't ignore the rest of us."
In this situation, that's exactly what I'm going to do.
Akihito: "How's that sound?"
Nanase looks down and thinks for a long time. Her answer is predetermined.
If given a choice between a medicine that's hard to swallow and one that's easy, nine out of ten would pick the latter even if it was poisonous. We wait patiently.
Nanase: "――――All right."
Nanase gives the expected answer. She takes David away without saying goodbye. It's hard to describe, but I can feel that something changed decisively.
Izawa: "Screw you, making that decision all by yourself......did you feel pity for him or something?"
Izawa complains, but he did put his gun away.
Akihito: "You should follow your leader once in a while. What's the point killing only the lizard's tail? You've gotta get the whole thing or it'll come back later."
Izawa: "Then give them a stronger threat so we can be sure they'll take care of Kugura."
Akihito: "If that made them desperate again, we'd be back where we started."
Akihito: "It's better to give them a nice deal and earn some trust than it is to piss them off. Use your head once in a while. Negotiation's a valuable skill."
Izawa: "At least I'm honest, instead of a scheming bastard like you."
The mad dog is good at making people sound bad.
It's about time for us to start heading home. Seven of us crawl out from under the bridge. The usual six plus Kururi.
We're not a tightly-knit group as we walk to the station, but you can't really say we're walking separately either.
Haru: "I'd better get home soon before the man arrives."
Mayuki: "Hearing about the maid's lifestyle never ceases to amaze me."
Benio: "......Akihito, were you serious about that?"
Benio whispers as she walks with her head down.
Akihito: "About what?"
Benio: "That you had no reason to sympathize with him or obligation to defend him."
Akihito: "Pretty much."
Benio: "......"
She opens her mouth, as if to say something. Uncertain words get stuck in the back of her throat, failing to form logic, and evaporating like smoke.
We can't see souls with our eyes. They have no form.Thus, we have no basis for saying they exist.
Reason. Good will. Righteousness.They all come with vague boundaries.
If he'd somehow beaten us tonight―――
Would David have revealed his own crimes to bring Kugura to justice for his? Would Nanase have tried to make her friend atone for his sins?
Everyone cares about themselves and their relatives.Even saints have weaknesses. Even the devil has whims.
People's hearts can easily change form. We can't even control our own.
Kagome: "That was a strangely good idea for you, Akihito."
Akihito: "Hearing a compliment from you makes my nervous system feel like turning inside out."
Benio: "......even without that deal......I think Nanase-san would've done something about Kugura. That's the kind of person she is......"
Izawa: "Ha! Quit your dreaming."
Kagome: "The Round Table will have some infighting soon."
Benio: "Eh............?"
Kagome: "The only way to ensure righteousness is the barrel of a gun, not some foolish bravery."
A poisonous smile.
Kugura aims to bring down Caesar. He's probably roped in a lot of people.
Kagome: "Though if that sow has the power to wipe out Kugura, then it'll end quickly."
Benio: "That's...not......there's no way."
Mayuki: "......Nanase-san probably feels the same way as you, Benio-san."
Kagome: "Hence, a war."
For some reason, I feel like the smile on Kagome's face is more poorly defined than usual.
If he gets impeached or whatever, Kugura will probably mobilize his allies. In this situation, he can make up a justification for it afterward.
Benio: "......there must be a way to stop it, right? You can think of something, right, Hinaori-san?"
Kagome: "Kill one person, or let a hundred die."
Kill Kugura and stop everything at the outset, or let him live and allow a hundred to die in the war.
Either way, "power" will be what makes that choice right. That's why there's no guarantee Nanase will be able to do the right thing.
Akihito: "......such a trite scenario."
Kagome: "It's used a lot because it's effective."
Very few people are strong enough to live solely on the truth.
Even if you know prayers have no meaning, everyone still needs dreams or hopes――They need fairy tales.
Benio: "......that's it? ......there's nothing else?"
If Nanase can't do it, then someone else has to. It'd be nice if someone in the Round Table had enough power to take control and isolate Kugura completely, but......
Kagome: "Nope."
The merciless decision of a guillotine.
If there was a person like that, then we wouldn't be in this situation.
The times are to blame as well.
Everyone's looking for a target to swing their fists toward.They want enemies to defeat, enemies to bring down.There are tons of people who'll dance when Kugura blows the whistle.
Benio: "............I don't like it."
After a long silence, Benio whispers.It's just an illogical emotion that won't resolve anything. 
And maybe that's why――Tonight, I find it very beautiful.
Akihito: "That aside, it's surprisingly quiet out here."
Kururi comes up behind us.
Kururi: "I was hiding in fear of the wicked wizards plotting things in the underworld. I'm too delicate for that."
Akihito: "By "delicate," you mean selfish."
The short smirking girl appears under the moonlight. All I see are the corners of her lips, so she looks like a real Cheshire Cat.
Kururi: "Today I learned Aki-chan's the protagonist of the school battle stuff, not just one of the villains."
Kururi: "Hmmm, another page for Kururi-chan's super-collection."
Akihito: "It's a really busy job even though you never get paid a single yen for it."
Kururi smiles mischievously.
She's really tough to be able to laugh about what happened so soon after.
Kururi: "I recommend finding new life goals like revenge or world destruction so you can keep going without money or justice to worry about."
The naughty cat skips past me and dances under the moonlight ahead.
Akihito: "I'll leave all that to the real protagonists. I'm better as a side character anyway. In a super sentai team, I'd be blue or black."
Kururi: "Black's the lone wolf, so that'd be Ii-chan."
Izawa. Come to think of it, she's right.
Akihito: "Anyway, keep what you saw tonight a secret, or else this scary girl might curse you."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Kururi: "I'm cuuursed, I'm cuuursed!"
Akihito: "You might really die next time, so be careful."
Kururi: "If you say so. For now, I'll keep my lips zipped for you. I had a lot of fun tonight, anyway. Call it thanks for letting me attend the live broadcast of the latest episode."
Akihito: "Does that mean you'll be catching mice for me tomorrow?"
Kururi: "That aside, Aki-chan."
Kururi beckons me over with one finger. She wants to talk privately. I crouch down and move closer.
Akihito: "What?"
Kururi: "Lemme tell you a secret about Ii-chan."
Akihito: "You really do ignore everyone's privacy, Senpai-san."
Kururi: "So you don't wanna hear it, Kouhai-kun?"
Akihito: "I do. I do. I need to understand my friends better."
Kururi: "It'll be hard to keep him under control without having some dirt on him."
Akihito: "I'm not gonna use it that way......much."
After what just happened, I try to crouch down extra low.
Kururi: "A few years ago, Ii-chan lost one of his friends in some drug-related fighting."
Akihito: "―――"
Izawa's far ahead of us. The lone mad dog walks ahead since he doesn't like being chummy.
That explains a lot.
How he reacted to Yoshimori's issues. The feelings he had when he pointed his gun at David's forehead――
It's not a rare story. One of the common fairy tales that can be found anywhere at all in this city. Stories of nameless kingdoms as numerous as people.
Akihito: ".........that's pretty cliche."
Through the cracks in that heavy iron door, I think I can catch a glimpse of his sharpened fangs.
====================H0370_追想と決別と.json====================
I tell everyone that I have something I need to do.
I leave them all at the station. Benio eventually stops walking, so I start waving goodbye. She disappears into the station without a word.
I didn't come on my moped today. Kagome's not here, so I enjoy the night air by myself.
I wanted to be alone.
It's still closer to evening than night. After the terrorist attack, no one's walking around outside. The world feels lonely, like a ruined building.
A city this quiet isn't that good for a solo walk.
I walk once around the poorly-lit park. In the end, I reach the usual footbridge.
A city painted by the rising moon. The multi-colored neon stars are far away tonight. The background noise of car engines passes under my feet and grows distant.
Akihito: "......"
I stop here for no particular reason.
Akihito: "......you there?"
Kagome: "I am."
A shadow takes human form. Kagome appears. The witch's feet never make sounds.
Akihito: "Are you a ninja?"
Kagome: "You lied to me."
An unimpressed voice. I think of three excuses, but they won't work on this witch.
Kagome: "You lied twice."
Akihito: "......only once, and it wasn't even a lie. I had to come out here to think."
Kagome: "Think about what?"
Akihito: "Caesar's careful. Very careful. He's managed to hide his identity from everyone up until now."
Akihito: "Isn't it strange that someone suddenly attacked him directly?"
Kagome: "Perfect secrets are impossible. There's always a leak somewhere."
Akihito: "That might be true."
Kagome: "But it might not be?"
Akihito: "That chaos was the spark to light the Coμnet. And now Nanase and Kugura are going to have a big fight. Whoever wins, the Round Table won't be able to stand on its own two feet anymore."
Kagome: "You made a different choice tonight, Akihito."
Akihito: "Different how......?"
Kagome: "You didn't do what you did to Jack the Ripper. If an outsider like you got rid of Kugura and David, the Round Table wouldn't have to have a civil war."
The witch is stubborn. She'd have no problem telling a general in the wasteland to start a rebellion against the king.
Akihito: "......I thought about it, but not this time."
Kagome: "Why not?"
She's known the reason the whole time, but she insists on making me say it out loud.
She wants to make me thoroughly understand that I signed the devil's contract a long time ago.
Akihito: "Even if I saved the Round Table that way, after that......"
Kagome: "Then you'd let Kugura be responsible for everything, and you'd be a hero for defeating him."
Akihito: "......after that, we'd be the next to hang."
Kugura is part of the Round Table, and we're not. They wouldn't accept us killing him.
Groups need rules.
Even if someone's rules seem comical and incomprehensible from the outside, they're necessary to keep a kingdom intact.
People who cross those lines have to be crushed.
Destroyed by the internal rules called customs, and judged by the external rules called justice.
I would be trying to judge them by the laws of a foreign land.
Anyone would be terrified of a monster like that.
Akihito: "That's why they have to deal with Kugura themselves. I'm not cut out to let everyone hate me......"
Kagome: "The dragon really is a monster."
Kagome: "No kingdom can raise a dragon. At best, they can kill one and put it on the coat of arms."
Akihito: "......however powerful Babylon is, I'm sure they could destroy it easily if they really wanted to."
Skirmishes are different from a war.
An avatar's weakest part is always its connectors. You don't even have to destroy their bodies, just break their wills.
If you aren't choosy about your methods, there's always a way to neutralize an avatar, no matter how powerful.
Kagome: "Monsters aren't synonymous with power. Monsters are merely those which cross a certain line."
Kagome: "Customs, laws, justice, taboos――They cross those lines, fully aware that they exist."
Kagome: "Monsters spell the end of a kingdom's fairy tale. Thus, they're enemies of the world."
Kagome: "A clown with a dragon. Akihito, you really are a bad clown. You and the sow let yourselves get tricked by the appearance of doing no harm."
Akihito: "If only it was just about me."
Kagome: "............"
I can endure my own wounds.If I lose my life because of my own blunder, I can accept that.If I decide to do something stupid, I can laugh about it at the end.
But that's not good enough. The world is so gentle that it's cruel.
Akihito: "If I screw up, I take Benio, Mayuki, and O-Haru-san down with me......I can't stand that."
Akihito: "......well, I guess Izawa's fine."
Kagome: "You're still only nice to women."
Akihito: "......I'm a feminist."
The red color. I remember it over and over.
It's already over, so it will never ever leave me.
Weak.......I am weak.
I feel small. I wanted to become stronger than this.
I avoid getting deeply involved with others.
That's because of my weakness.I don't want to bear any burdens that I don't have to.
Connections don't always bring joy.They bring pain and calamity as well.
The deeper the connection, the stronger the pain of losing it.We're always too late in the end.
The witch is at my side, turned the other way.As if to push me away.As if to reassure me.
I first met Kagome at the white castle on the hill.A princess I met at the edge of the world.
She never breaks, never wilts, never regrets anything.I was drawn to that way of life.
Akihito: "Plus, if I killed Kugura, I'd be making the others murderers too."
Kagome: "As if your hands aren't all stained with Jack's blood already."
Akihito: "If I had to come up with a difference......how it feels? We could easily make Jack the "bad guy," but Kugura has some logic to what he's doing."
It's worse than straight-up hypocrisy. There are lives that you can take with a fleeting emotion, and others that you can't.
Kagome: "If you can't fight anyone without calling it self-defense, your life has no value, Akihito."
Akihito: "......"
Kagome: "......you're quite calm."
Akihito: "Am I?"
Kagome: "With Kaburaya, with Karasuma, and now. You're capable of pulling the trigger intending to kill, not merely letting them die. Not many men can say "They shot me so I shot back.""
Akihito: "............"
Kagome: "That's a filthy face."
Akihito: "......at least call it dark or brooding."
I put the empty can of coffee down at my feet. I lean back against the fence and squint toward the new Takakura Station building, which looks like a glass castle.
Akihito: "I've been thinking about this for a while, but I still don't get it."
Kagome: "The dumber someone is, the more time they waste worrying about pointless questions."
She counts on her fingers. She needs both hands.
Kagome: "Eight?"
The number of people I've slain with my own hands. Kaburaya Zenjirou's coμ had all five. Karasuma Tetora's had three.
It doesn't feel real. The guilt is distant because I didn't hold the weapon in my hands. Without a physical sensation, it's no different from something that happened on TV. Even the spilt blood loses its authenticity.
Akihito: "Nine."
Kagome: "......David?"
Akihito: "Not him. There was one before I came back to this city."
It might be nice to talk about the past once in a while.
Akihito: "My mother was killed by a robber at a convenience store."
That day, I learned that the world can betray us.
The sudden loss of my mother. The criminal was captured right away, but he was just a minor under the influence of drugs.
I wanted retribution.I couldn't stand letting the man who killed my mother go on living.
My wish wasn't answered.The rules, the law isn't mean to answer those prayers.
My mother's life was stolen, and the man who stole it was protected.
I learned firsthand that the world doesn't work the way you want it to.
Akihito: "After that I moved several times......"
The scenery was always the same, no matter where I lived.
Everything was vague and gray.
I'm sure part of my heart died along with my mother.
As I stood on that gray roof alone with no outlet for my dejection, curses, and loneliness, I told myself several times over...
I can't do anything about it. I need to give up. I should forget everything, like all the adults keep saying.
Akihito: "......but then he appeared."
It started online.Someone on a message board revealed the murderer's location.
He was close. I went out and checked it for myself.
He'd changed his name, his hair, and the way he walked and talked. I don't know if he wanted to forget his past or just stop the public from judging him, but he was definitely the same man.
I'd never get sick of killing him, yet ironically we ended up living in the same area.
My head filled with red the moment I saw him. I let my anger control me, ignoring how powerless I was, and I approached him.
This is the first thing he said to me.
Criminal: （―――Hahaha! How's your mommy?）
He was ridiculing me.
If he'd felt sadness or regret, maybe things would've been different.
But he was laughing, as if what he did was nothing at all.
He talked as if whatever facility he'd come out of had done all the atonement for him.
I couldn't let him live.
Half-hearted malice, yet it was enough to steal everything he had.No, the reason didn't matter.
I just couldn't let him enjoy one more second of the same time, the same air that he stole from my mother.
I couldn't forgive the fact that he was alive and my mother was dead.
He was breathing. His heart was moving.He was spending the time my mother lost.He was talking. He would go home and watch TV.
He would get in the bath and eat like any normal person.He would laugh just like anyone else.All of those facts were unforgivable.
I punched him.
He hit me back.
He hit me and kicked me until I couldn't move anymore.
I cried my way back home and my father questioned me.
I claimed I got in a fight at school.That was the last bit of strength I had.
My heart was probably on the verge of death.If it had died, I'd have been no different from a corpse.
I'd started to give up, to believe I really couldn't do anything about it.
No one held out a hand toward me as I sat on the roof clutching my knees.
My dad was too busy with work. My childhood friends were too far away. The police and the justice system already chose to do nothing.
I was both living and dead by the time she appeared―――
Just one woman who came from the edge of the world, giving me a small curse.
――She called it power.
Akihito: "She called herself a killer."
Kagome: "Must've been a pleasant woman."
Akihito: "She was pretty strange."
Akihito: "Well, calling yourself a killer is already strange."
Akihito: "I don't know if she was telling the truth or not, but at the time I felt like anything could happen in the world, so I believed her.": ――I'm a killer.
The woman said that, looking neither amused nor bored about it.She smelled of blood as she killed time on the corner of the roof.
She only told me a few things.
There's no reason or meaning behind death.Only willpower and action can change the world.
Akihito: "I got that knife from her――From that goddess of death."
Akihito: "She never did tell me her name."
Akihito: "――It took me a while to pull it off."
Akihito: "Of course, I was a child, so my plan was probably full of holes......"
Akihito: "But eventually, I got my chance, so――"
Akihito: "I killed him."
The words aren't very heavy.
―――It took a lot of time.
I tracked his movements, checking where he was all day.I looked for openings.
I understood that I was a child.I thought about what I could and couldn't do.I came up with several flawed plans over and over.
I put one into action on a rainy day.
I remember the red color spreading out along the asphalt.He spun around like he was dancing.The blood gushing out of his neck also spun around.
I looked at his face, which seemed to not understand why this was happening to him. I heard his voice sobbing with despair.
―――I didn't feel a drop of sympathy.
I stabbed him three times so it wouldn't look like a child did it. The knowledge Kagome pounded into me helped with a lot of the details.
I said one last thing to him as he writhed like an insect.
Akihito: （......die, you scum.）
It got on the news. The police investigated. I was probably a suspect.
But......
They never arrested or even questioned me.
Maybe I got lucky and no evidence was left behind, or maybe he'd pissed off so many people that they couldn't narrow it down to just me.
Akihito: "I couldn't forgive him, so I killed him."
Akihito: "That didn't bring my mother back. You can't do anything about what's already happened."
Akihito: "But I learned something after doing it."
Akihito: "As long as he was alive, as long as his fate didn't match his crime, I couldn't move forward."
It wasn't logical. There was nothing that I could do about it.
It's just―――
Akihito: "Ever since then, I've been thinking about it."
Akihito: "But I still don't know. Was that the right thing to do, or was there another way?"
Kagome: "Choices are just possibilities. Whether the result is good or bad is for the world to decide, not you."
Kagome: "Whether you accept or reject that result is up to you."
Akihito: "......nothing ever surprises you."
It should've been a shocking confession, but Kagome's as level-headed as ever.
I feel like her cold, indifferent, deep black eyes have saved me somehow.
Kagome: "Such things happen from time to time."
I've heard a similar line before.Fragments of memories rustle deep inside me.
Kagome: "―――So what?"
A cold smile, as if it was nothing at all.
Kagome: "I'm your partner, Akihito, so I'll stay with you until the end."
――Our reunion was a coincidence.
I returned to my hometown of Takakura City after seven years. A few days later, I happened to pass by her on the footbridge in front of the station.
I recognized her right away, but after seven years, Kagome took a while to notice that I was her childhood friend.
When I saw her tilt her head as if she'd stepped into a trap――
I thought, "Is this really happening?"
She started calling herself my partner afterward. She's always been an unpredictable woman, so I passed that off as her being weird.
Kagome: "The witch takes care of the dragon. Not a bad image."
Akihito: "......don't decide based on the image."
Kagome: "I recommend not telling other women about this. I'm quite upset now after hearing about Akihito's boring past."
Akihito: "......why's it okay to tell you?"
Kagome: "I'm your partner. Don't make me say it so many times."
Kagome: "So――The question is... Who benefits most from this?"
Kagome yanks the conversation right back to the start.
Akihito: "......well, to sum it all up......"
Akihito: "After that attack, the Coμnet was shaken up, the Round Table lost some of its support, and everyone started to want a king to protect them."
Akihito: "So the people in a position to become king benefit the most."
Kagome: "Which means?"
Kagome's eyes ridicule me for not thinking of this sooner.
Akihito: "......I need to make a call."
I pick one of the numbers recorded in my cell phone. I've called it several times after the attack, but never gotten an answer.
Akihito: "We need to exchange information."
I feel like there's a lead weight in my stomach. 
The ringtone keeps going on forever, but no matter how many times it repeats, it never switches to an answering machine or an operator.
After so many rings that I've completely lost count......
Yoruko: "What?"
Yoruko answers. The violent puppy's voice is cold, but not weak or distraught.
Akihito: "I need to talk to Gasai."
Yoruko: "Haven't you heard the rumors? Itsuki's......"
Akihito: "It's important. Let me talk to him."
Yoruko: "......"
Akihito: "Gasai."
Silence, long enough for the second hand to make a full trip around a clock.
Gasai: "――――It's me."
The next day, we meet up on the footbridge, leaning against the fence and watching the crowds.
Gasai Itsuki arrived on time, with the same dry coldness as usual, and Yoruko following him like a shadow.
The white king doesn't appear to have a scratch on him.He still reminds me of steel.
Akihito: "Sorry for calling you out here, king."
I gaze at the peak of the jumbotron, just in case Girl A's up there.I haven't seen the singer once since that night.
Gasai: "Why? You and I are closer than that."
Gasai: "Is that woman with you?"
Kagome: "――――"
Yoruko: "............!"
The black witch smiles haughtily. The little knight's hair all stands on end.
Akihito: "Let's just say she's a mean witch."
Gasai: "A clown and a witch? Very well."
The footsteps of the crowds. The river of cars passing below.I open my mouth amidst the white noise of the city.
Akihito: "I'm glad to see you're okay, king."
Gasai: "I hear you wanted to talk, clown."
Akihito: "The Round Table will be having a civil war soon."
Gasai narrows his sharp pupils, showing that he's a little surprised.I feel like I've beaten him in some small way.
Gasai: "Is Kugura going to start it? This isn't what I expected. What changed?"
Akihito: "The prince's secrets are starting to come out. It looks like he's been dipping his hands into a lot of things."
Akihito: "I think he was behind the mess with Yamate, though I have no proof of that."
Gasai: "That's interesting information. What do you want in exchange?"
Gasai: "Or are you offering this as a gift? That doesn't seem like you."
Akihito: "I'm not trying to be a greedy merchant, but there is something that I wanted to ask you."
Akihito: "―――You're the one who orchestrated that attack, right, king?"
The moment I take a step forward, I hear the air freeze.
Akihito: "I happened to be there right when the two avatars fought it out."
Akihito: "I heard later that you were the target."
Akihito: "That just didn't seem right."
Gasai: "Why not?"
Akihito: "Your El-ahrairah wasn't there. Those two avatars were different."
Gasai: "There's nothing strange about a king having bodyguards."
Akihito: "No one knows Caesar's identity. That's been the king's armor until now. The fewer people know him, the better."
Akihito: "There's no way someone as careful as you would let several other coμs walk around guarding you all day."
Akihito: "That little black girl is your only sword and shield."
Yoruko: "――――"
Gasai: "Then why were those two fighting?"
Akihito: "Beats me, but if I had to guess――Someone was told to attack, and someone else was told to silence him."
Much of the world is resolved through addition and subtraction. Answers can be found by replacing something you're missing with something you do have.
Akihito: "Because I asked you to protect Yamate, you knew that Kugura was targeting Caesar."
Akihito: "And you may have been considering that possibility even earlier."
Gasai: "―――Yamate's coμ was one of many bullets. It was easy to corner one of Kugura's other pawns." 
The king gives his answer. That familiar iron mask is still arrogant.
Akihito: "......was Kugura always planning to fight in the middle of the city?"
Gasai: "He doesn't have the nerve."
Gasai: "He was planning to fan the flames for a while until my Legion, the Round Table, and the anti-Rounds severely weakened each other, and he could arrive on the scene as the heroic leader of a brand new Round Table."
Akihito: "......that's pragmatic."
Akihito: "So you took advantage of that."
Akihito: "To force the Coμnet into a war."
Gasai: "I let a cornered mouse catch a glimpse of food. He took the bait and attacked, though it turned out messier than we expected."
Akihito: "What happened to him?"
Gasai: "Taken care of."
Gasai: "I can't have information spreading that I don't control."
Akihito: "......you're evil."
Gasai: "This is a war, not a duel."
Gasai: "The means may be unfair, but we must trample, destroy, and conquer the enemy. Only the best fighter will win―――That's what a war is."
Akihito: "......so this is all according to your plan?"
Gasai: "Is the world ever that convenient?"
Gasai: "I have several plans prepared. I only use the ones that the situation demands."
Gasai: "Humans can only learn from experience, like a child avoiding pain."
Gasai: "Only during tragedy do people yearn for heroes and order. I will take my kingdom because the people want me to."
Akihito: "――――Many of whom you killed."
Gasai: "Don't become a hypocrite now."
Akihito: "A sinner kills one, but a hero kills a hundred?"
Gasai: "The Coμnet has reached its limit. It needs a king to give it order."
Gasai: "So this is what I'll say to the dead."
Gasai: "A hundred of you have died so that I may save a thousand."
Akihito: "And then you'll be a hero?"
Gasai: "Heroes are just fairy tales. Glass castles. No different from Caesar."
Gasai: "That person never existed. The people create a hero when they see someone do what they cannot."
Very few humans are strong enough to live on exactly as they are. 
Everyone needs a fairy tale. A fictional country. A witch and a king.
Dreams and hope are formless fantasies, but humans will run toward those impossible delusions like a horse with a carrot under its nose.
So Gasai is giving them a dream.He's making today a day of terror, chaos, and pain.He'll make tomorrow a day of peace, hope, and ideals.
He'll make them believe that dawn is coming, that we won't be in the darkness forever.
Akihito: "......I could publicize that right now―――"
Gasai: "Go ahead. The story's done what it needs to do. You'll merely give me extra work――Which means needless deaths."
Gasai: "You seem unsatisfied, clown."
Akihito: "You lied to me."
Gasai: "I didn't. I simply never told you."
Akihito: "......I still don't like it."
Gasai: "Do I need to worry about what you do and don't like?"
Akihito: "Nope."
Gasai: "So what is it?"
Akihito: "Don't think you'll get away with this. That's all."
Gasai: "Very well."
Gasai: "I'll see you in the war."
His farewell is brief.
The king walks away without turning back once.
Then, the witch points toward the footbridge stairs with her jaw.
Kagome: "Your guest caught up to us, Akihito."
Akihito: "Dammit......Kagome, you knew she was there the whole time, didn't you?"
A small shadow rushes up the stairs, her hair swinging like a tail as she runs out of breath.
She passes by Gasai and Yoruko on the way up. They make eye contact for only a moment.
Benio: "......"
It's Benio.
Akihito: "......you followed us?"
Benio: "Well......you had a scary face when you left the house, so......umm, Akihito......"
Benio: "......Akihito?"
I walk away without answering. I feel Kagome and Benio behind me as I head between a couple of buildings.
Someone tells me to stop, and I pretend not to hear. I want to be alone for real this time.
====================H0380_紅緒とのＨ03.json====================
I heard the bell a while ago, but my memory's vague. The empty courtyard is incredibly cold.
School's been out for a while, so there's no one around. I enjoy the breeze by myself on the roof. The western sky is quickly being covered by darkness.
Akihito: "......Gasai."
I twist my fingers around the loops in the metal fence. I can push and pull on it, but mere human strength won't break it."Don't think you'll get away with this."
I knew that throwing my glove at him wouldn't mean anything.
Caesar.The champion of the Coμnet, paving his road with blood.
A sinner kills one, but a hero kills a hundred.I've heard that line comes from a dead English comedian.
Gasai is very literally trying to play the part of a hero.
―――
Caesar's the only one with the power to unify it.
Benio: "There you are......"
She suddenly appears behind me.
Akihito: "......Benio."
I missed the rusty door creaking open and her footsteps as she rushed toward me.
Benio: "I finally found you."
Akihito: "Yes, you did."
Benio: "Don't be like that. I've been looking everywhere."
Benio: "You left without even saying goodbye yesterday, and you never answered your phone or came back home."
I had my phone on silent mode, but I did notice that there were several missed calls.
I kept walking yesterday until morning. At the end, I arrived at this school.
The fairy tale of daily life. A brief calm between misfortunes.
This place is full of fantasies like that.
Akihito: "......I've been thinking about things."
Akihito: "But is it normal to trespass on other schools to try and find someone?"
Benio stands out here since she's not in uniform.
Akihito: "How did you know I was on the roof, anyway?"
Benio: "I called Ayaya-chan and asked her. She said she saw you up here."
Benio: "It was pretty scary to sneak in here though, and I was really worried that you might be gone."
Akihito: "......sorry for the trouble."
I bow.
Benio: "Good."
Benio: "Yesterday......was that the same guy you were talking to the night of the party?"
Akihito: "Yeah, it was."
Benio: "......so you're friends."
Akihito: "He's......"
Friends.A suspicious word whose meaning has faded away.My heart stirs.
Akihito: "......Caesar."
I can hear Benio gasp.
Akihito: "What would you do......if I told you this was all part of his plan?"
I want to hear Benio's answer.What would this little ally of justice think about that?
Would she want to kill him to make up for his crimes?Or would she hate the sin and not the sinner?
Benio: "......Caesar was behind that attack?"
Akihito: "Half of it."
Kugura did all the setup, and a nameless beginner coμ was used for it. Yamate's coμ could have easily suffered that fate.
Half of it was that coμ's suicide.
One day they were suddenly given power by Girl A. They didn't know what to do with that tool, and ended up destroying themselves with it.
Akihito: "Caesar just used them."
......I don't know if "just" is the right thing to say.
Akihito: "Huu......"
Benio: "It's not like you to sigh."
Akihito: "I'm sticking my neck into things that I normally ignore. Of course I'll sigh about it."
The wind from downtown caresses my hair.It feels nice, but it smells of exhaust fumes.
Benio: "Hey, Akihito, when girls talk to you about what's bothering them, do you know what they usually want to hear?"
Benio: "Most of the time, they already know what they want to do, and they want someone to agree with them."
Benio: "Though I usually don't start those conversations because when I want to do something, I just go ahead and do it."
Akihito: "And then you fail."
Benio: "I'm being serious here......"
Akihito: "Are you telling me this because I'm worried about something?"
Benio: "I do what I think is right."
Akihito: "For justice......and that's enough for you?"
It's hard to be right.
Is Gasai right?Was it right to kill Jack the Ripper?Was I right to swing my knife that day?
If that wasn't right, then would it have been right to do nothing?
Akihito: "Caesar's......more right than me."
The Coμnet was going to explode sooner or later.I don't have a way to stop it.
If I just watch it happen―――
Then it'll be no different from five years ago.The comical tragedy will have an encore.
Gasai's kingdom will probably prevent that.
That benefits the world, the people more than merely swinging a knife out of revenge.
Benio: "I'm not sure, but......"
She leans back against the fence.The setting sunlight turns her chestnut hair as red as an apple.
Red.The color of passion. The color of life. The color of burning flames.
―――I remember the red color.
The red color spread out over the concrete.The result of my action, my blade, my will.
The laughing man died with a comical expression, changing into a silent thing.
There are many different kinds of red.
Dark, thick red――Jack the Ripper.Vibrant, flowery red――Rondo Rondo.
You can say all humans have red inside them, but that lumps together a huge variety of hues.
Benio's a slightly brighter red than the evening sun.
Benio: "You know......I was really shocked about what happened to Nanase-san's coμ......"
Akihito: "You were a fan of them. Does it feel like you've seen your idol's true colors?"
Benio: "Why didn't things work out for Nanase-san's coμ......?"
Why――
Was she wrong to trust her friends?Was she just unable to deal with the real problems?Should she have given up some of her ideals?
There's no answer. We can't even be sure that it would've ended this way if she did the same exact thing again.
The world is fast, and we can never hope to keep up, so the best we can do is struggle pitifully.
Benio: "But Nanase-san did help us."
Akihito: "......true."
Back then, we didn't have a clue what we were doing.
Even now that we've ended up in opposition to her, I can't deny that she was a huge help.
Akihito: "――――The sun's setting."
The sun sinks.
Living is the same thing as changing.That applies to people, cities, and kingdoms.Nothing can remain unchanged.
The Round Table's kingdom is sinking.Will the king's empire follow it?
Kill one to save a hundred.
It's a common topic. Manga protagonists can save the one and the hundred, but reality is foolish and cruel.
Those choices are everywhere.We've been choosing the same side of the scale over and over.
Jack the Ripper.Kugura and David.
Our lives or theirs.One's own life always ends up weighing more.
Benio: "Is there a truly right answer......?"
Benio: "That's all I want."
Akihito: "An answer?"
Benio: "A right thing to do."
That's just a dream. It doesn't really exist.A paradise at the end of the rainbow.A common fairy tale.
A mirage that you can only waste energy pursuing.
――I'll do what I think is right.
Even your own righteousness only lasts a moment in this gentle kingdom.
It can't stay intact long in a world that moves so fast.
Righteousness creates mistakes. Order brings chaos, prosperity brings ruin, and kindness degrades into violence.
Successes, failures, sacrifices, you have to bear all of those――
I'll never say something so idealistic.
I can't do that. No one can take that kind of responsibility.
Even walking down the street can take someone's life away.
I'd have to carry that reality――
Don't say such a thing so lightly.Bearing the burden won't bring the lives back.The dead aren't going to forgive the living.
Don't use pretty words to hide the fact that they weren't saved. 
Dammit.
I hate it so much.I can't forgive any of this.
But so what―――?
But so what?
That's the only thing I can say in the end.The magic spell I need to chant never changes.A curse similar to resignation.
There have even been times when it occurred to me that dying might make it all easier.
But I still grit my teeth, wail, struggle, grasp at straws, commit sins, accept punishments, and move on.
I always reach my hand out too late and my labor ends in vain.
There are no witches here who'll make pumpkin carriages or give us white dresses.
I learned a long time ago that such things are nothing but fairy tales.
This is a gentle kingdom.There is no meaning, reason, or salvation here.
I've given up so many times on so many things after learning how futile they were.
The past came back to me, so in my exhaustion, I tried to be alone.
I couldn't even do that.
And yet I'm still―――
Why?
I've never truly wished for death. Not even once.
Why―――
―――Why am I living?
Benio: "Akihito, you're really worrying about something else."
Akihito: "Something else......?"
I feel a shock, as if a sharp arrow hit something deep inside me.
Benio: "I don't think it's about what's right or wrong."
Akihito: "......is that your women's intuition?"
Benio: "Yep, girl's instinct."
Akihito: "I've never been on the side of what's right."
Right and wrong are just convenient tools. I haven't been right ever since the moment when I took the first step away from that roof.
Benio: "Then I'll do it."
A victorious voice. Without thinking I tear my eyes away from the sunset and gaze at Benio.
Benio: "If you won't, Akihito, then I'll do what I think is right."
Benio: "I don't know what'll happen in the future, so I'll do what I want to do here and now."
Akihito: "............you're all grown up."
Benio: "Stop.Mock.Ing.Meeee!"
She puffs up her cheeks and pouts.
Benio: "I'm an ally of justice, you know."
Benio holds her head high.I find it blinding. The last drop of the evening sun glows golden.
Akihito: "Benio, do you want to fight Caesar?"
Benio: "Yeah, that's my plan."
Akihito: "I suspect Izawa would love to join you, whatever the reason."
Benio: "He so would. He's so going to say he doesn't care why. Izawa's a lot like the guys in shounen manga who get beaten up by the heroes."
She says things you're not supposed to say.
Benio: "Then he'd reform so he turns into a good guy and his character keeps waffling for the rest of the series."
Benio: "Then when the last boss appears, he'll suddenly say, "I don't remember us ever becoming friends", attack us, and then we kick his butt."
Akihito: "That's just mean."
Benio: "As for Mayu-Mayu......I'm not sure."
Akihito: "If we ask nicely......I think she'll join us."
Benio: "Yeah."
Akihito: "I don't like it though."
Benio: "Eh......?"
Akihito: "I'd feel guilty if I made Mayuki die over this."
Benio: "......no one said we're going to die."
Akihito: "......I guess not."
Besides, if Mayuki dies, I'll probably be dead too.
Akihito: "Not sure about O-Haru-san."
Akihito: "And what happens if we ask everyone, but lose anyway?"
Benio: "......we fall as one."
She withers.
Izawa.
Mayuki.
Haru.
Everyone's alone, but we're not allowed to live or die by ourselves.
That's true even without the coμ rules.This gentle kingdom has many other examples.
Because we're connected.
We're connected by cursed chains that we can't ever break, even though our hearts remain out of each other's reach, and even if we don't want those connections.
Benio: "Yeah, that's right, we're a coμ, so we all die together......"
Benio: "What do you think we should do?"
Akihito: "Talk them into it. "Let's all die together.""
Benio: "That sounds so cool! But it's really mean......"
Akihito: "That's the way it works. The five of us are connected that way."
Benio: "Six."
Benio: "Hinaori-san counts too."
Akihito: "That's true."
Benio: "........................though I'm pretty jealous."
Akihito: "Did you say something?"
Benio: "It's too bad......that's all. I wish I could've met you first, before her."
Benio: "The world never does what you want......but you've gotta put up with that."
Benio: "She's......part of you, Akihito. No, not just you......"
Benio: "You're a part of her too, Akihito. So deep that she can't touch it no matter how hard she tries."
Akihito: "......what are you talking about?"
Benio: "You're not alone......that's all I'm saying."
She covers it up with a vague smile. That's unusual for her.
Benio: "Everyone's like that. There are parts of me like that too. I'm never alone."
Akihito: "So, Benio......"
I pause for a while.
Akihito: "Do you want to fight Caesar or not?"
Benio stepped forward twice. Once for Yoshimori, and once for David.
She was able to stand in someone's way, but she wasn't able to change the situation.
The situations were resolved not through good will or justice, but through Babylon's power and some clever tricks.
Jack the Ripper was a nice and simple "villain" for us.
―――If we ignore Ikuha.
We could find good enough reasons to defeat Jack.
But what about Caesar?
Benio's eyes are wide open, reflecting me and the setting sun.A beautiful shining orange light.
Words won't stop Caesar.We'll have to fight him if we want to do that.
Benio: "I don't know."
Benio: "I don't know, but I can't just stay quiet."
Benio: "If we want......to stop Caesar, what do we do?"
Akihito: "Whether we stop him or not, a war will happen. If we don't stop him, he'll probably win it."
Benio: "If we do stop him―――Does that mean something even worse might happen?"
Akihito: "Probably."
It's quite likely. I'd give it 80%.
Benio: "I see. Okay, I get it. But I still want to go."
Akihito: "Go and do what?"
Benio: "Give him a piece of my mind."
Benio puffs out her chest as she says that, though it's a bit shallower than usual since she's been losing weight from stress.
Akihito: ".........huh?"
Benio: "Give him a piece of my mind."
Benio: "Beat him up until he cries and says he's sorry, and keep beating him up until he says he'll never do it again and he really means it."
I'd bet money that the iron-masked king would kill himself before losing that much pride.
Akihito: "You're amazing, Benio......"
The twilight is finally turning red, but even in this dark color Benio is shining bright. A different red from the one I remember.
Benio: "Yeah."
Benio nods.
Benio: "......what about you, Akihito? You still haven't told me."
Akihito: "......"
I'm still not sure.
The town's crumbling. Several deaths, voices crying for help, and hands that couldn't reach them.
I can't forgive what Gasai did.
―――If I can't forgive him, I should just kill him.
I've done that twice already.
It's easy to take a human life. I have the power to do that.
Even if Gasai makes his kingdom, we don't know for a fact that he'll bring peace to the Coμnet. The future hasn't happened yet. It's just a possibility.
So what's the big deal?
Why not prioritize what feels "right" to me for just this moment?
Let's give it a pretty name so that following through on it will seem beautiful. Maybe belief, justice, or resolve.
―――I still can't make up my mind.
Maybe because of Yoruko?
Shinomiya Yoruko. Gasai Itsuki's little knight.
Yoruko would probably cry if Gasai died. It always feels bad making a woman cry.
Benio: "What will you do?"
She looks up at me, waiting for an answer.
She smiles like she always does.
Why can she smile like that?
She's screwed up so many times, stumbling to the ground, failing to reach......
She's done stupid things, failed, gotten hurt, and is always too late in the end.
Benio should know that better than anyone.
Yet her smile is like a blooming flower.
I find that smile gorgeous.
Akihito: "......I'll go."
And it was the last push I needed.
I can't stand still, even if I'm hesitating.Only will and action have meaning in this gentle kingdom.
As one of the people who started this, as someone directly affected by a lot of it, and as someone who knows what's really going on behind the scenes, I have to settle this.
Even if Gasai's absolutely right.
But so what――?
I won't forgive what he's done, even if I am wrong about it.
Words never reach anyone.There's no way we'd change that iron mask with words alone.
But we can do something else to make them reach him.
That's a good enough reason for me to go.That will be my reason for going to fight the king.
Akihito: "I'll go, Benio. Let's sock him in the jaw."
Benio: "Okay......"
Benio: "Akihito."
Akihito: "――――"
A white god of war serves Gasai. The so-called invincible avatar, El-ahrairah.
He's not going to go easy on us. If anything, the odds are good that he'll kill us before we can lay a finger on him.
Benio: "I see......you really do like him, Akihito."
Akihito: "No, not at all."
Girls' instinct again? Guess it isn't always right.
Benio: "............it's already sinking."
The last sliver of the evening sun.
Akihito: "......"
She looks so beautiful in the melting red light I find myself holding her before I realize it.
Benio: "Ah......"
Akihito: "Benio......"
She rubs her shoulders against me. My lonely body is a little cold from the wind, so Benio's body heat feels nice.
Benio: "Hey......"
I put a hand around her slender hips and pull her close. Her delicate body fits neatly in my arms. I crouch down a little to kiss her.
Akihito: "Mm............"
Benio: "Mm......*kiss* Mm......"
Something hot rises up the moment our lips touch. I intended for this to be a soft kiss, but it becomes a deep french kiss.
Benio: "Nn......mmm, nnhu, *kiss* *kiss*......nn......*kiss* *kiss* Nn......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......"
We peck at each other, confirming each other's existence.
I read once in a book that even ancient Egypt depicted kissing in their artwork.
A form of romantic expression that exists everywhere, regardless of cultural transmission. It's probably something instinctual.
Benio: "*kiss* *kiss*......mm! Mm......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......nn......*kiss* Hamu, mm......*kiss*......"
We touch lips over and over. Benio's eyes are so close they're almost touching my forehead.
Benio: "Akihito......"
Akihito: "He's strong, you know."
Benio: "That doesn't matter."
Akihito: "We might die."
Benio: "Yeah."
Akihito: "Are you scared?"
Benio: "I am. I am scared......but...I decided...not to worry about that anymore."
Akihito: "That's not a long-term......"
Benio: "Not that......I don't want to think about what might kill me......I want to think about how I should live to the fullest right now."
Benio: "We don't know what'll happen tomorrow. Everything might change again."
Benio: "So......"
Benio: "Every minute... Every second feels precious to me."
Benio's body temperature rises in my arms.She gives off the sweet scent of a girl.
I kiss her again. Our lips never get sick of touching.
Benio: "Mm......*kiss* *kiss* *lick* *kiss*......*kiss* *kiss* Mm......mmm! ......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......"
Akihito: "Mm......"
Our tongues twist together, and we exchange saliva. Benio's mouth only felt hotter for a moment. Mine grew hot in no time.
Benio: "*kiss* Mm......! Nnpu, nn, *kiss*......*kiss* *lick* *kiss* *kiss* *lick* *kiss* Mm......!"
Kissing isn't enough. I want to feel her more.
So much so that I wouldn't regret dying a second later.
Benio: "Mm......*kiss* *kiss*......mm! Nna......Akihito......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss* *lick*......*lick* *kiss* *kiss*......"
I stick my tongue in and around hers, sharing this ecstasy.
She may be on the other side of the abyss that always exists between two people, but just for this moment, our desires are one.
Benio: "*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......mm......mmha......"
Benio: "Akihito......"
I hold her as tight as I can.
Benio: "Hahu, nn......your hands...are warm......"
We forget that we're on the school roof and take off our clothes. We touch each other's bodies.
Benio's chest feels nice and cool in the open air.
Benio: "Mm......haa, ah......nnn......nn, hahu, huuu......ha, ah............"
Benio starts touching me too. She takes my thing out of my pants and caresses it with slender fingers. The throbbing stimulus runs through my whole body.
Benio: "Akihito......you're already so hard......nnhu, haa, haa, haa......ahu, huu......nnn!"
Akihito: "You're wet too."
I touch Benio down there. When I slip my fingers inside her panties, I feel moisture.
I'm glad it's so much easier for Benio to get wet now.
Benio: "Nnn......! B-but......we're...up here......so......ahu! Nn......haa, haa......ha! Auu......"
Akihito: "You're really erotic now considering you were the pure type."
Benio: "Am I? ......we've only done it twice......hinnn! Akihito......so...aha, ah......huuu!"
I'm just caressing her, but she's gripping me hard and rubbing up and down.
I softly squeeze Benio's chest as I slide my middle finger farther down.
Benio: "Aan......! Touching each other like this......feels kinda like...we're doing it......ha! Ahu...nnn......nuuu......"
Her panties start to feel like an obstruction, so I pull them partway down. Her fluids form strands between the cloth and her crevice.
Benio: "Hua......!"
Akihito: "You're getting pretty wet. This might go better than last time."
Benio: "Aha......ha! Ahuu......I dunno......if it felt even better than last time......I might make some incredible noises......"
Akihito: "We'll worry about it when someone finds us."
I bring some of that nectar up from her crotch and rub it over her cute clitoris.
Benio: "Nnhaa......! Th-that's good......it's tingling......A-Akihito......nnn!"
This part seems fairly sensitive. Just rubbing fluid around it makes Benio's whole body convulse.
I rub the skin covering the clitoris, squishing it left and right. Her knees shake as if she's about to collapse.
Benio: "Yaa! Ah......! N-not there, no......! Ah......nnnnn! If you play with......that......I can't sta-......aannn......!"
Benio tries to rub me much harder to distract herself from my caress.
She seems to be hoping my fingers will slow down if she makes me feel good. A futile effort.
Benio: "Ha! Nnuu......hiunn! Wait! N-not there, really......I won't be able to......nnn!!"
Akihito: "It's fine, it's fine, I'll support you."
I escalate my rubbing of her chest, pinching her nipples and rolling them around.
Benio: "Haaaaa......! Aauu, nn......uha......! You're so mean......touching only the sensitive places......nn! Haa, haa, haa!"
She criticizes me with a sweet voice, but she won't let go of me either. Now she tries rubbing the tip with her palm, since pumping up and down isn't enough.
Benio: "Hiunnn......nn! Akihito, are you......really that composed......?"
I am feeling a lot down there, but it's nothing compared to how sensitive a girl is.
Akihito: "Guys stay in control of their bodies until they're really close."
Benio: "Aau......nn! Th-that's kinda......unfair......haa, haa, haa......nha! Ah, nnn!"
I pinch her nipples a little stronger, pulling on them.
Benio: "Uyuuuuuunnn!"
When I let go of them, I pinch her clitoris, squeezing it so it bulges out from between my fingers.
Benio: "Hyaaaa......nnah!!"
I move my fingers carefully, pushing the skin off her clitoris. The little thing reveals itself.
Benio: "Ahu, ah......! Nnn, nn......! Yaannn......that's...embarassing......higu! Huuunnn......"
Benio's not rubbing me much anymore, so this must be very stimulating for her.
Benio: "Hiu......! Nn! Ha! Ha! Ha......! That's...too sensitive......ah! N-no, haa, haa......"
Men always want to keep going when the girl says no. For now, I gently touch it with the side of my thumb.
Benio: "Iiinnnnnnn......!!!"
Akihito: "Owa!"
Her overreaction is so strong I jump.
Benio: "Huwa! Ah! Ah! Ah! Wai-, annnnn! Hi! Nn, nnnnn! Nuuu......!"
Just rubbing it gently is enough to make her almost scream and her legs shake.
Benio finally can't stand anymore, so I quickly catch her.
Benio: "Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha......! Nuu, haa, haa, haa......that's why...I said not there......"
Akihito: "I'll hold you up."
Benio: "Wait, that's not what......hauu......nnnnnnn!!"
I start poking it again.
Benio: "Hyahu! Nnaaaaaa......! W-wait! Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Please, seriously, wait! Not there......!"
I'm not rubbing at all, but she's just too sensitive.
Akihito: "You can cum first if you want."
Benio: "N-not that! Nn! Th-that's, too, strong...it's really tingling......!"
Akihito: "You mean it hurts?"
Benio: "......yeah."
She nods with teary eyes. Benio's quite sensitive. I'll hold off on this until she's more used to this stuff.
Akihito: "Then I'll stop doing that for now. I'll try again when you're more experienced."
Benio: "Yes......please do......sorry."
Akihito: "I should be apologizing. I got a bit ahead of myself. I guess now we should......"
I change tactics. I move away from her clitoris and down to her vagina.
She's overflowing to the point where my fingers are soaked. The stimulation may have been too strong, but her body was reacting to it.
Benio: "Ah......! Nhu......nhua......huaaaaaaaa......ahu, nn......"
She's wet enough that my finger slides right in. I feel like I'm filling her up.
Benio: "Haaaa......Akihito, your finger......it's rubbing around......uhu, nn......! Haa, haaaaa......"
It's more manageable this time, so she starts caressing me again, her eyes vacant.
When I move my fingers inside her, I hear perverse squelching noises. Far more nectar is coming out of her than before. The drops sliding down her thighs drip to the ground.
Benio: "Haaaaannn......ahu, uuunn......ha! Nn, nnn......haa, haa, haa......nhu, nn......!"
Benio writhes with a sweet voice that's so cute, it makes me want to hold her tightly.
She continues caressing my firm, swollen thing. Her delicate hands are still awkward, but they do feel good.
Benio: "Nhu, nn......! Akihito......you're really hard......and...hot......haa, haa, haa!"
Akihito: "I'm amazed how wet you are, Benio......"
I go with the flow and immerse myself in her genitalia. Before I know it, our hips are so close that we're almost touching.
Benio: "Aha......ahu, nnn......nnuu......nhu, haaa......aau, nn! Nnn......hahu, huuu......"
Akihito: "Hey, Benio... I'd like to......"
Benio: "Ah......! Wait."
I try to insert myself while we're still catching our breath, but Benio stops me.
Benio: "It's......too embarrassing...standing up, so......I know no one can see us, but......"
Benio: "It might be a bit dirty......but I'll lie down first......"
I can't fight Benio when she looks at me like that, so I nod.
Akihito: "I'm fine with getting a bit dirty, but I'll put this down."
I try to take my coat off and put it under her, but Benio clings to me.
Benio: "Hey, you lie down. Today, I'd......like to do it myself."
Akihito: "You on top?"
Benio: "Yeah......"
She looks up at me with a red face. As before, she gets assertive at very strange points.
Benio: "......is that bad?"
Akihito: "Please do it."
I'm honest.
Benio's legs are wide open over me. She hides her crotch with one hand.
Benio: "H-hey! Don't stare."
Warm nectar is dripping from her.
Akihito: "I'm gonna see everything when we do it anyway."
Benio: "Don't look, anyway!"
Then you shouldn't have suggested this in the first place, but she wouldn't listen if I said that.
Benio: "Just look at my face......okay?"
We reach out our hands, interlocking our fingers.
Benio: "Okay, I'll put it in now......"
Benio carefully lowers her hips. I can feel myself slowly, but warmly filling her.
Akihito: "Uu......"
Benio: "Nnn......nnnnnnn......! Nn, nnnnn......!"
As her flesh wraps around me, I push out her nectar and fill her up completely.
Benio: "Nnah......! Hahu, haaa......nn......! Nnnnn......!"
Benio's butt sticks to my thighs. I'm all the way inside now.
Benio: "Huaaaaaaa......ah, aaah......! Huhaaaaaaaaa............"
Benio's body writhes with ecstasy.
She can't close her legs in this position, so I can easily see my thing penetrating deep inside her lewd flesh.
My blood vessels are visibly protruding, and Benio's fluids continue pouring down.
Her insides are wide open. I can clearly see her cute, flush clitoris.
Benio: "H-hey! Don't look! Stop staring at me!"
Akihito: "I can't. Anyone would want to look."
Benio: "Uuuu......but............you really want to......?"
Akihito: "I do."
I'm honest.
Besides, how would you hide it exactly? Keep your skirt on the whole time we do this?
Benio: "Uuu......then I'll put up with it......just for today."
Akihito: "You won't be able to worry about it much longer."
Benio: "Auu, don't say that!"
After we chat a bit, Benio starts moving her hips.
Benio bounces up and down above me, making sticky noises.
Benio: "Nn! Nn! Nn! ......nn! Hahu, nn, nnn......! Nn......nnn! Nn! Nnha! Nnn......!"
The skin around her nipples quivers. Benio shuts her mouth tight with embarrassment as she moves.
Benio: "Nnn! Nn......huuun! Nn! Huuunnn......nn, nn, nn......! Ah, nnn......"
Hot fluid pours out every time Benio lowers her hips and brings me inside. Sticky fluid spreads out around my hips.
Benio: "Ha! Ah! Nn......! Nnhu! Nn, uhu! Nn, nnnnn......! Haa, haa, hahu......! Nn, uu......!"
Benio leaps up. Several strands of fluid stretch between us.
Benio: "Unn! Nn! H-how is it? Nnah! Ah! Ah......Akihitooo......! Ha! Nnaa! Huuuun......!"
Akihito: "Really good. You're cute, Benio."
Benio: "Ah......aha......!"
Our palms are sweating.
I'm glad we're doing this outside. The wind feels good on our sweaty skin.
Benio: "Hiin! Nn, nn......uuuuu......! Huunnn......! Nn! Nn! Nnn!"
Akihito: "The breeze......is really nice."
Benio: "Hahu......nn, uun......! It is......nice......haa, haa, haa......"
I could get used to this.
Benio: "Ah! Ha! Nnha! Hi! Nn, nuu......haa, haa......haaaa......nuu! Nn!"
Under the evening sky, Benio starts moving faster. I don't hear any voices from the courtyard anymore.
Benio: "Ah! Ah! Ah! Akihito......! A-Akihitooo......! This is good, I'm...feeling really......!"
Benio's getting used to moving like this, so I let go of her hands and play with her chest. I capture the cute, quivering tips and gently fondle them.
Benio: "No......ah......! Ahu, nn! Nnn......! Ah, if you......play with my chest! I can't move as well......!"
Benio twists her hips above me.
Benio: "Uyu......nn! Hahu......nnnnn......nah......ah, nn......huaaa......"
Akihito: "Okay, I'll help."
Benio: "Hueh......? Ah......nnnnn!"
I thrust from below.
Benio: "Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Annn......! Nn! Aha......hu! Nn......uha......!"
Benio grasps the rhythm and starts moving in time with me.
When we master the timing, I start penetrating even deeper and harder. Every so often, a fierce pleasure flows through me.
Benio: "Nnn......! Ha, nn......! Ah! Akihito......! Y-yes......! Hic......nn......nn, ha......!"
It feels like something heavy is building up around my thrusting abdominal muscles. I'm about to cum.
Benio's hips are slowing down. She must be in too much pleasure to move properly.
Benio: "Ha! Aaannn......! I-I can't move anymore......A-Akihitooo......! Haa, haa, haaa......"
I move my hands down to Benio's hips. I grab her small body tight and thrust deep into her from below.
Benio: "Aan! Aannn! Ah, nn, ah......! Ahu, hu, nuu......aannn! Ann! Nn! Huaaaaannnnn......!"
It's cute how she holds her hands to her chest as she moans. I continue moving in and out.
Benio: "Ah! Ah! Ah......! Ha! Th-that's good......! Nn......! Uu, haa, haa, haa......!"
Akihito: "Uu......it's too tight......"
I desperately push up with the rest of my momentum as some thick white fluid starts flowing out of her.
Benio: "Ah! I-I......! Ca......n't......! Ah! I'm......! I-I'm...about......to......! Ah......nuu......hihu! Nn......!!"
Akihito: "Benio......I'm cumming......!"
I'm breathing so hard my throat's getting dry, but it doesn't feel like I'm taking in any oxygen.
Benio: "Ah! Aannn! I'm...I'm......!!"
Without any breath, I use all the strength I have left for one final thrust.
That's when we climax.
Akihito: "Uu......!!"
Benio: "Hiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa......!!!!!"
I throb periodically, making hot fluid rush into Benio.
Benio: "Ah......ah......uu......!"
Her whole body shakes fiercely. Benio's insides contract tightly, sucking the semen up out of me.
Akihito: "Nn......!"
Benio: "Ah............! Ha............! Hahu, nn............"
She can't even get her voice out.
We grip each other's hands tighter. Our fingers interlock firmly.
The lingering sensations from the climax gradually subside.
Benio: "Hahu......hahu......! Nn......haa, haa, haa, haa......nuu......hahu......"
Akihito: "Benio......"
Benio: "Akihitooo......"
I catch Benio as she falls down on top of me.
Our erratic heartbeats miraculously overlap.
We lean against each other on the roof after nightfall. We look up at the sky. The sun's rays have completely vanished now.
Benio: "Hey, I want to tell you something...about my dad."
Akihito: "Miya-san?"
Benio: "Akihito......you know him, right? I had no idea."
Akihito: "I had no idea you were his daughter......"
The world is frighteningly small sometimes.
And now I'm this close to Benio.I can only pray Miya-san doesn't find out anytime soon.
Benio: "My dad used to be a big deal in the police since he passed civil service exam I."
Akihito: "Hard to imagine Miya-san qualifying to be an elite bureaucrat."
Benio: "He was really passionate about his work, but that's all he ever did. He never gave his family a second glance――――"
A shadow falls over Benio's face.Only the faintest illumination lets me see her.
Benio: "......that's not right, is it?"
Benio: "Making someone sad in order to do the right thing......that can't be right."
Is that like what happened to Nanase? Or what Gasai's doing?
We're fighting over finite space.Thus, righteousness becomes the enemy of righteousness.
It's easy to say that there's no way to avoid fighting over territory.
Akihito: "............"
But......
Those words mean nothing.
That must be what Benio's basing all of this on.
The fact that Miya-san protected someone, but couldn't protect Benio as a result.
Benio: "In the end he and mom got a divorce......"
Akihito: "I see."
―――Was Miya-san satisfied with that?
The police closed the case, but the reality wasn't fixed.
And unresolved issues cause new problems, and he futilely tries to prevent them.
Our hands are far too fragile to restrain the monster that is the world.
After fighting, fighting, and fighting with something so formless, all he gained is――
A divorce, and his daughter's scorn.
But so what―――?
I'm sure Miya-san made someone happy.He must have saved someone else from misfortune.
Akihito: "――――"
―――I remember the red color.
That won't reach anyone.That won't solve anything.
The case may close, but the consequences remain.The wounds, the pain, the loss, the hatred.The wounded, defeated hearts don't heal.
That day――When I learned the world could betray me.
The sudden death and loss of my mother.After I met the death goddess from the end of the world―――
Color returned to the gray city.Heat returned to my dying heart.The will to live came back.
I got back at the world for taking something away from me for no reason.I don't have the slightest sympathy or regret for the life I took.I proudly walked away from that roof.
I learned the meaning of "Death has no meaning."I learned the reason why "Death has no reason."
He was never punished for killing my mother.Likewise, I still haven't been punished for killing him.
However―――
Akihito: "I......"
Benio: "What?"
I feel the urge to confess everything.
For my own sake? Or for Benio's sake?
It's both, yet neither.
Benio: "I've been thinking about it for a long time, but I still don't get it. Why didn't it work out?"
She repeats the same words from before.
Why――?
She already knows there's no answer to that question.
Benio: "My dad didn't make it in the end either."
Akihito: "What do you mean?"
Benio: "He kept focusing on his job after the divorce, but he made a stupid mistake and missed his chance to become truly successful."
Right now he's the assistant inspector for the prefecture. That's a pretty impressive position by itself, but if he was on track to be an elite bureaucrat, that basically makes him a dropout.
He devoted himself to his job, and lost his family.After losing his family, he screwed up at work too.
All he has now are records of his mistakes, and the long remainder of his life.
He couldn't have the daughter he loved, the wife he loved, or the job he loved.
But this gentle world won't even let that be his ending.
Until the real ending comes, he has to keep walking forward, bearing those truths along the way.
Akihito: "Miya-san......"
I recall Miyato Kouzou's shabby appearance.There was a lot of drama behind his charred back.
It's not especially tragic or comic.It's an ordinary story that you could find anywhere.
Benio: "So that's why―――"
Benio: "I want to be a real ally of justice."
Benio: "Not a fake one. A real one who doesn't have to make anyone sad――"
Benio: "That's what I want to fight for."
Akihito: "............I see."
I choose to not even give her the gentle lie, "That'd be nice."
That's not possible. It's a fairy tale, just like a glass castle.It's even worse than a nightmare that disappears when you wake up.
Dreams end in disappointment. You can't avert your eyes from the unchangeable reality, so you'll be beaten down several times, with that shining castle just visible off in the distance.
Until you finally lack the strength to move any further.
Benio: "I think Caesar's wrong."
Benio: "No matter what the reason, it's just not right to do something like that......"
Benio: "So I'm going to give him a piece of my mind."
Akihito: "I'm going too. I want to settle my score with him."
Akihito: "Benio......when we were doing it earlier......"
Benio: "Yeah, I noticed......"
Akihito: "I see. I wasn't sure if you could hear me."
A little promise we made during the act.Something to try when she's more used to it.Something for when we come home alive.
Akihito: "Feels like we can't afford to die now."
Benio: "I've done what I really wanted to do with the person I care about. No regrets now."
Akihito: "You've come to terms with this way too fast. I'm still racking my brains over it."
Benio: "......uuu, that was really embarrassing......"
Akihito: "Well, I'll do what I can."
Benio: "Yeah......"
Prayers are powerless. They won't reach anyone but the person praying.
But so what―――?
That little promise turns into a faint heat deep in my chest.
It's a very strange feeling.
We stand together, looking up at the stars twinkling in the sky.
====================H0390_決意.json====================
It's not unusual for this place to be crowded. There are normally street performers and everything.
This place has been somewhat reserved since the terrorist attack.There's only one open-air stall conducting business this morning.
This is yet another unspoken rule of the city.
Benio: "So you explained the plan to everyone?"
Akihito: "More or less."
We agreed to meet up ten minutes from now on the metal bridge in front of the station.
People I don't know cross each other's paths. Momentary connections that won't even remain in their memories.
We usually meet up here.
Yuuna: "I hope my voice will reach you too someday."
Announcer: "Yuuna's second single......"
A sad face appears on the jumbotron. An ad for a new song playing during the morning show.
Benio: "......doesn't she seem kinda like Mayu-Mayu?"
Benio tilts her head at the doll-like pretty girl on the enormous LCD screen.
Akihito: "Does she?"
Kagome: "Hmm."
Me, Benio, and Kagome.
Far above our heads, white clouds pass through a bright blue sky. Vapor trails run through it at an angle.
Kagome: "This is stubborn and foolish, Akihito. Your pride is as small as an insect."
Akihito: "You seriously think that men have that little pride?"
Benio: "Women have pride too."
Caesar――Fighting Gasai probably won't change anything.It could make the situation worse, but not better.
It's easy to talk about reasons to do it even when you know that it's useless.
Taking something away from someone else.
There's nothing special about that. It happens all the time, everywhere you look.
It's everywhere―――
But does that mean that we're going to stay quiet?
Will we do nothing just because we can't do anything?
Will we just keep letting it happen?
This is pride. Stubbornness.
Like a child throwing a tantrum. But this is the last shred of pride that we simply can't throw away.
A tiny little thing that should have withered away inside of me by now, but it's still there.
That's why we won't forgive him.
We have no idea what's right in this situation.
But so what―――?
We can't......
We just can't forgive what Gasai did.
So we're going to fight him.
Izawa Shuu arrives first. The mad dog always shows up late with a displeased look, but he's the first one here for once.
Akihito: "You're early. What's gotten into you?"
Izawa: "You're the one who set this time. Do you want me to kill you!?"
Akihito: "That's a huge mood swing."
Izawa leans against the fence a short distance away. He looks like a starving feral dog.
Izawa: "We're fighting Caesar now? So it turned out that he was the one behind it?"
Kagome: "You look happy, titmouse."
Izawa: "Shut up, snake."
Izawa: "I've got no complaints. I'll fight. That guy's the king. Beat him, and I'm the next king."
We're not after power, we just want to defeat him for its own sake. Izawa can't live without fighting. He'd die if he lost his fangs.
Izawa: "So it's just me, you, and the justice idiot over there?"
Izawa: "Three should be enough."
Benio: "Yeah, we can do it."
The coμ rules. You can't stop a majority.
Kagome: "You'll burn to a crisp in five seconds with only three."
Izawa: "What?"
Kagome: "It's Babylon versus El-ahrairah. Though the gap between you and me is far bigger."
Kagome's words are like throwing gunpowder on a campfire.
Izawa: "............snake, I'll bury your corpse in the central park."
Izawa intimidates people regardless of the time and place.
Kagome doesn't need to tell us that. We know we're fighting Caesar's "invincible" avatar. The silver war god, El-ahrairah.
Benio: "Our odds......aren't that great. And if we lose, Mayu-Mayu and O-Haru-san will die too."
It takes power to do anything with your stubbornness. That's a law of nature that no amount of willpower will overturn.
Mayuki arrives around the time when the jumbotron switches to the news.
Mayuki: "We're already used to seeing this, aren't we?"
A quick glance toward Izawa lying on the ground after being instantly killed. The four-eyed frog can be surprisingly cold.
Mayuki: "......I always wondered about this, but......"
Mayuki adjusts her glasses like an adult.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, you're really stupid. Please rethink this. You're not Benio-san."
Benio: "What does that mean!?"
Mayuki: "This isn't like Jack the Ripper."
Benio: "Y-you're ignoring me......!?"
Akihito: "It's not. Caesar's not after us. He probably won't do anything to us if we stay quiet."
Akihito: "So what about you, Mayu-Mayu? You'd prefer not to fight?"
Mayuki: "......I'm not Mayu-Mayu, I'm Mayuki."
Mayuki: "I can't forgive Caesar for causing another attack like the one five years ago, but............"
Mayuki: "It's not like Caesar did it himself, right?"
Gasai took advantage of Kugura's plan.
Akihito: "You're taking this pretty seriously, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "You don't remember the attacks five years ago, right, Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "I wasn't living here back then, but I did hear about it on the news. They said it was an unprecedented series of terrorist bombings, and the pictures looked horrific."
Mayuki: "I was very young at the time, but I was glued to the news. I didn't really understand it. I was just scared."
Mayuki: "Buildings kept collapsing like a war zone, lots of people died like broken dolls――――That's what I saw on the TV."
The mood changes.
Benio: "......I saw the same things."
Izawa: "......tsk."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Mayuki looks off into the distance and Benio looks at the ground. Izawa stands up and turns away.
Kagome's the only one smiling, as if to say there's no meaning in respecting the dead.
This city still holds a deep wound from five years ago. A tragedy from some far-off world suddenly appeared right in front of their eyes that day.
Mayuki: "So, I also feel......that I can't forgive Caesar for doing that."
Akihito: "I guess I'm glad to hear that."
Mayuki: "But I don't feel like I have the power to say no this time."
She glares at us.
The coμ rules favor a majority. The minority opinion is thrown aside and ignored.
Me, Benio and Izawa―――That's already a majority, so Mayuki and O-Haru-san have to decide between bad and worse.
Follow the majority and stain their hands, or stubbornly refuse to fight.
Either way, they die if we lose.
The avatar's destruction will bring death to all five of us without exception.
Akihito: "The rules are really harsh."
Benio: "Sorry, Mayu-Mayu. Umm――――"
Benio: "Please die with us!"
Mayuki: "Don't wanna."
Izawa: "Haha! Good answer, pipsqueak."
As Izawa laughs, Haru arrives. She gathers the pedestrians' attention with her usual maid outfit.
Haru: "Hello~"
Akihito: "Hello~"
Benio: "It's been a while, O-Haru-san."
Mayuki: "I would say you look well, but it feels like you haven't changed a bit."
Akihito: "It's rare for you to be the last one here, O-Haru-san."
Haru: "Hmm? That's true."
She puts a finger to her cheek as her eyes scan everyone here.
Haru: "You said you want to fight Caesar, right? Do we have three votes in favor right now or four?"
Kagome: "Five, if you count me."
Haru: "Wow, everyone's on the same page. Didn't think the villain here would side with the ally of justice."
Benio: "Yep! And we didn't even have to talk him into it."
Haru: "So that means Benio-chan and Izawacchi aren't going to back down."
Izawa: "Got a problem with that, pervy maid?"
Akihito: "I think we're in the minority when we're compared to the Coμnet, so I doubt we'll be able to ask any other coμs for help this time."
Haru: "Hmm......well, we could bring that figure down to three."
An unexpected counter.
A woman's body leans against my shoulders. Her rouge lips open like a peerless femme fatale.
Kagome: "This maid always manages to make me smile."
Akihito: "So you'd go bow to the king without us?"
If she can remove Izawa and Benio from the equation, there's only three left. O-Haru-san and only one other have to agree to prevent any fighting at that point.
Akihito: "That just doesn't feel right, O-Haru-san. We're not trying to overpower the minority here, anyway."
Akihito: "And I genuinely don't like the way the king's been doing things. That's why I want to cause trouble for him."
Haru: "Hmmm, that doesn't seem like you, and yet it sort of does."
Benio: "If we try hard enough there might be a way to make it work out. I'm sure we'll think of something......"
Mayuki: "You are stupid, Benio-san."
Mayuki: "Hot-blooded friendship and work ethics never cause conveniently-timed miracles outside of shounen manga."
Akihito: "So she says. What about you, O-Haru-san?"
Haru: "That's no fair, Mizuwa Akihito. I never had a choice in this to begin with."
Haru Kasukabe's blade slips into me, close to the heart.
I can't even do what I want by myself.
I want to do this for my own sake, so I can accept this situation. Is it right to put others' bodies on the same altar just for that?
The world would say that it is.
Ethics by numbers. Every generation is satisfied with that simple reasoning.
Mayuki: "Like the boob maid says, we all have bombs strapped to our necks because of some vicious demon."
Kagome: "You must be a far more terrifying man than I thought if people are calling you a demon."
I'm sure it'd be far easier to do this if I was alone.
But solitude is the one thing that this gentle kingdom won't allow.
The world doesn't exist for anyone's sake.
Everyone's connected to everyone else, across the complete isolation that exists between all strangers.
We become prisoners, tied down by something, somewhere.By lovers, by family, by friends, by enemies, by the world.
―――By avatars.
It's both a prison and a small paradise.
I look up above for no particular reason.
The sky is painfully beautiful. The blue expands out endlessly, ridiculing the humans jostling around below.
Kagome smirks.
This choice is neither right nor wrong, but the world will decide that it's one or the other. Its value will be determined by beliefs, ideals, dreams, and false realities. That which can't function in the kingdom is a filthy monster.
Akihito: "Actually, I was fighting Caesar's El-ahrairah the night of the party."
Izawa: "That's what that was? So he wasn't in the building......that was just an impersonator. Tsk!"
Izawa puts the puzzle together.
Mayuki: "According to the internet, El-ahrairah is very tough."
Benio: "How do you find out something like that?"
Mayuki: "There was a thread about which avatars are the most powerful, and practically everyone in it put that guy in the top four."
Mayuki: "Some of them made tier lists like a fighting game, and they always put him in S-tier."
Izawa: "Who cares? What would those nobodies know about how strong it is?"
Haru: "Wow. So who are the other three in the top four?"
Mayuki: "The legendary Sting, and the black giant Gigano are the other two common ones. Those are both legends that nobody knows much about. The fourth one varies from person to person."
Mayuki: "But sometimes Babylon makes it into the top ten. The theorycrafters in the thread felt that defeating Jack the Ripper counts for a lot. They value real-world results."
Akihito: "Doesn't sound like we have much of a chance against him."
El-ahrairah is far stronger than Babylon. We can't beat it through sheer force.
And that sword of light――
Babylon's black shield overpowered the Song of Ende, but it couldn't block that attack.
Even if we try, he'll still do damage. At best, we could try to bring him down with us.
Kagome: "There's going to be another party on the weekend. Rumor has it Caesar will be returning."
Izawa: "He really loves making a stupid show."
Mayuki: "So the fallen hero miraculously returns? That is overdoing it. It's so typical that it's just boring."
Akihito: "Since the Round Table's about to start fighting itself, this is probably the best time for him to reappear and start fanning the flames."
It won't be just an impersonator this time.
Haru: "So are we fighting him there?"
Akihito: "He'll have a lot of friends there. We don't want to start a battle that huge."
Akihito: "We'll catch him before he gets there."
Akihito: "This is the last chance to say no. Who wants to go?"
Benio: "Me!"
Izawa: "I'll kill him."
Mayuki: "Well, I guess it's okay."
Haru: "......you're such a handful."
It's decided.
I remember the last time we talked. Gasai Itsuki the pragmatist walked off without a word. He could have easily wiped out me and Kagome right there.
Akihito: "You're getting sloppy, king."
If that was Gasai hesitating, then I'm going to take full advantage of it.
Kagome: "Have you settled on a plan?"
As usual, she appears from the veranda with no more sound than a shadow. The spring wind plays with her hair as she stands in a rectangle of light.
Akihito: "We'll just do the best we can......"
Kagome: "What a stupid man. You'll run in there just to get devoured? I wonder how you'll feel when he eats you."
Akihito: "The world makes it very hard to live intelligently."
Kagome: "If you sacrifice one of your pitiful laws, I might use a bit of magic for you."
The witch brings her lips to my ear and tempts me. "If you can't forgive him, then kill him."
Like a mother reaching for an apple in the basket because her child is begging for one.
Akihito: "If we do that―――You'll be a murderer too. I can't let you do that, idiot."
Kagome: "You still care about that? It's so stupid that I could break out in hives."
Kagome: "I'll kill him."
Kagome: "Without hesitation or regret."
Kagome: "I can kill him, and I will. The lives of the riffraff are no more than dust."
She might be right. The customs of the world mean nothing to the witch.
Kagome: "Why should I care about what you want, Akihito?"
Akihito: "And why should I care about what you want?"
But so what―――?
Kagome: "I'm sick of you never accomplishing anything despite not letting me stain my own hands."
Akihito: "It's called kindness."
Kagome: "So you throw all of your futile kindness at women."
Akihito: "Why are you being so picky?"
Kagome: "There is only one truth."
Now she sounds like a journalist.
Kagome: "You could call it sexism."
Kagome: "Are you going to commit suicide with four other people just for that?"
Akihito: "............"
Akihito: "......anyway, have you located Gasai?"
Kagome: "I've narrowed it down. As for what we do with the information......"
Akihito: "I'll have an audience with the king."
Kagome: "What a rude man. He hasn't even invited you."
Akihito: "Clowns aren't big on formalities."
After Kagome vanishes out the window, I remember to make a phone call.
Ayaya: "Goooood morning, Senpai! What need have you of me this morning before school?"
Akihito: "I've been really busy since the attack so I haven't talked to you in a while. How are you doing?"
Ayaya: "Oooh! Wondrous! Senpai is worried about me! Senpai's always helpful but cold so he never goes out of his way to talk to you which makes this a truly unprecedented evolution!"
Akihito: "Who the hell are you talking about!?"
Ayaya: "Now then, how about eating lunch toge――"
Akihito: "Ah, sorry, I've got stuff to do. I'm gonna have to skip school until the weekend. That's the other reason I'm calling. Keep the school peaceful while I'm gone."
Ayaya: "Aiyaaa, all right then. Leave everything to Ayaya the Magical! The two breasts on my chest prove that I can do anything!"
Ayaya: "In exchange, I want to spend lunch with you on Monday, Senpai. Dehehe."
Akihito: "If the school stays peaceful, then I'll think about it."
Ayaya: "Uho-hoooi!"
I hang up on Ayaya.
A promise......
That feels like a death flag. I hear anyone who talks about their lovers or family before a battle doesn't live very long.
And yet, my chest feels warm. That little promise, that illusory connection to a human being. It's putting me at ease.
Akihito: "Ummm......"
I want to hear someone else's voice now. I look through my phone's memory, but the phone rings before I pick one.
It displays the name Rondo Rondo. The princess of vivid red from a faraway country.
Rondo: "Hey, friend."
Akihito: "It's been a while."
Rondo: "Did something happen? You sound weird, like you've been crying."
Akihito: "No, not really. How's Kimizuka?"
Rondo: "She's still stuck in bed all day, but she's conscious now."
Akihito: "Glad to hear it."
Rondo: "Made any progress......?"
She promised to help me again sometime, but I don't want to get Rondo involved in this.
Akihito: "Nothing at the moment."
Rondo: "――――Are you busy this weekend?"
Akihito: "Why do you ask?"
Rondo: "Do you really need to ask why a woman would ask a man if his schedule has an opening?"
The weekend. There's a gig happening around the time Friday changes to Saturday. That's the day we'll be able to catch Caesar.
Akihito: "I'm free on Sunday."
Rondo: "Ten on Sunday then, at the usual place."
Another promise. We dream of a happy tomorrow.
They say such things will give us a small amount of power. I'll believe in that meaningless fairy tale.
====================H0400_王様と竜.json====================
A gray car drives normally to the west.
It's a Toyata Ferma. The world's largest automobile manufacturer has been coming out with new models for forty years, but this one has continued to sell that entire time.
It's the weekend. Friday is about to change into Saturday. This is the Takakura Suspension Bridge, connecting the east and west sides of the city.
The cityscape is dead silent, like a wasteland. Normally there'd be a stream of taillights even at this late hour, but the road is quite lonely tonight.
The recent terrorist attack in the new heart of the city killed 86 people. Ever since that tragedy, the city has been reliving its worst nightmare every time the sun sets.
And there has been a series of strange, inexplicable incidents around town that always happen during the night. Something gets destroyed for no apparent reason, without any apparent motive. It's not even clear if they're accidents or attacks.
Only the connectors know that they're all the result of fights between avatars.
Each one by itself is a minor incident with few if any casualties, but the invisible terror is growing larger than any concrete abnormality.
Every last person in this town is worried that this is a resurgence of the attacks from five years ago.
The faceless enemy could be anyone.
Thus, once the sun sets, the city waits for dawn like a corpse. In a sense, the city is dead right now.
The gray car flies along the road. It's breaking the speed limit, trying to make up for lost time.
Overhead――――
A metal bridge connects the two shores. A straight line with no obstruction. Blue light swells up, overpowering the moonlight.
Akihito: 　　　　　　　"――――Come, Babylon!"　　　　　　　
A song that cuts down the curtains. I chant a phrase I selected to bring our avatar out from the depths of non-existence.
The summoning spell itself means nothing. An avatar can be summoned with anything at all, as long as it triggers one's will to bring it out.
The gate light appears in midair.Darkness gushes out, cutting off the moonlight.
A steel fantasy with fourteen red eyes and ten sharp points.Babylon――The pitch-black dragon floats upward like a sharp, dark blade.
The driver slams on the brakes.The black dragon lands in front of the car as it starts drifting to one side.
It's over four meters tall, but it uses its ability to control gravity to ensure its landing is nearly silent.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
Babylon raises its head and roars.At the same time, it steps in front of the gray car's path.
For the black dragon, destroying an out of control car takes literally one kick. It could easily annihilate the humans inside too.
Just before it hits the guard rails, the black dragon leaps over the car, only grazing it.
The dragon now stands at the center of the bridge, with the stopped car in the corner of its eye. A black fortress blocking the road.
Gasai: "――――That's quite the dramatic appearance for you, clown."
Gasai appears from the rear door with perfect composure.
Akihito: "I tried to come up with something you'd like. Did tonight's performance fail to satisfy you, oh king?"
Gasai: "As entertainment, it's excellent."
Three other silhouettes come out behind the white man as his cold voice answers.
The general's personal retainers.
Gasai is white. A flash of light to cut through the darkness.
The man who impersonates Caesar has never faced his enemies this close without a mask.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■――――
The dragon growls before the champion.
Mayuki: "He's scary. I feel like running back home and refreshing all of my favorite sites."
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't like this man either."
Akihito: "Do you want to be here or not?"
Izawa: "That's Caesar......so we just have to crush that guy to a pulp."
Benio: "We're not killing him, just beating him up. We're going to make him say he's sorry."
Gasai's coμ is on its way to the gig.There are four of them in total, including Gasai and the driver.The one missing person might be dead already, or perhaps――
Akihito: "Where's your knight?"
Gasai: "Yoruko's preparing for the party. There's a lot she needs to do there."
Akihito: "Should we reschedule when she's not busy, king?"
Gasai doesn't waver an inch.
Gasai: "Absolutely. I'm busy tonight. If you want me to critique your dancing, now's not the time."
Akihito: "Don't be like that. Let's have some fun. We're closer than that."
Gasai: "You really are a clown."
Gasai's steel gaze reflects the lights on the shore.
A row of buildings sunk into the darkness, like a fake backdrop.Countless human silhouettes flicker in the countless lit windows.
Gasai: "You are foolish and weak."
He's not going to tell me to stop after all this.
Gasai: "So you don't like how I do things?"
Akihito: "Would we come all the way out here just to ask for your autograph?"
We all agreed that we can't forgive what Gasai did, no matter how much reasoning he had behind it.
Gasai: "I will have my kingdom."
Gasai: "I'll spill the blood that must be spilt. I'll defeat the enemies that must be defeated. If that isn't enough, I'll kill as many as it takes."
Gasai: "What matters is the result, not the motivation. My result will be a kingdom."
Gasai: "I will hold my head with pride, telling a hundred to die so I can save a thousand."
Benio: "That's...just――――"
Benio: "That's just not right!!"
Gasai doesn't hesitate, but Benio does.She's never stopped hesitating this whole time.
Being right has always been a fairy tale.A kingdom's "justice" is merely a convenient definition of its boundaries.
The enemy of righteousness is none other than righteousness.
The world is split into many limited kingdoms whose customs clash.
Thus, they fight when they come into contact.They invade and violate each other.
Gasai: "Is that all you have to say?"
Akihito: "We didn't come here to say anything."
Regret. Morals. Ethics. Worries.Gasai has long surpassed all of those things.He wouldn't be here if he hadn't.
Words won't reach him.Even if they did, they wouldn't mean anything.
Because nothing is truly "right" or "wrong."We can only destroy someone else's righteousness with our own. 
We don't want to forgive what Gasai did.If we want that feeling to reach him――There's only one way to make it happen.
Akihito: "This is a declaration of war."
Gasai: "I accept your war."
I look up, and Gasai looks down. We have no further words.
One obstructs. The other breaks through.A conflict that you could find anywhere.
Haru: "O-Haru-san's not following this. Maybe it's a bad week for Scorpio."
Izawa: "Come at us already. Let's make this quick."
Mayuki: "He's gonna come whether we want him to or not."
Akihito: "Ready for this?"
Benio: "――Yes!"
Benio strikes a pose.
　　　　　　　　　■■■■■■――――　　　　　　　　　
Babylon growls.It would be easy to defeat him now without his avatar.We all know that as we wait for the fight to start.
Gasai: "Conquer all――――El-ahrairah!!"
The laughing champion boldly orders his general to advance in front of the pitch-black dragon.
A gate opens in response to the coμ's summons.A silver war god floats up out of the blue circle of light on the ground.El-ahrairah, victor of a thousand battles.
The silver champion is covered in swords.The undefeated avatar manifests in its full strength.
Izawa: "―――So this is Caesar's avatar......!"
Izawa gnashes his fangs, as if scratching his claws against the walls of a towering fortress.
El-ahrairah floats in the air.
Izawa's nose is sharp. He can instinctively sense the power hidden in the steel king glaring silently at him.
El-ahrairah has probably defeated several avatars and leveled up in the process.
But that's not why.
The silver armor holds the iron spear of willpower. A tremendous individual with unwavering beliefs who never stops moving forward――
The strength that makes this man a champion is what allows this avatar to rule over all others.
Gasai: "――――"
Akihito: "――――"
We're reflected in each other's eyes.
A silver war god and a pitch-black dragon. Both have been loaded with bullets made of life and willpower.
The long, straight road supports only these giant metal beings and their coμs. Nothing is here to interfere with the clash of black and white.
Izawa: "Mizuwa, if you fuck up something stupid today, I'll blow your useless brains out on the spot."
Akihito: "If that happens you'll be dead too."
At roughly the same time......
Gasai: "――――El-ahrairah!"
Akihito: "Babylon――――!"
It begins.
Shouts―――
Like eternal archrivals, El-ahrairah and Babylon rush forward at the same time.
White and black. The two gods instantly become gusts of wind surpassing 150 kilometers per hour.
The two illusions charge straight for each other, either out of absolute confidence or an unwillingness to back down.
They'll collide in a few seconds―――I focus all my nerves on it.
This is El-ahrairah. If we miss the slightest movement, we'll be dead in an instant.
Benio: "This is――――!"
Benio's connected to all of Babylon's senses. She shivers as the atmosphere twists around El-ahrairah. The rumbling air sounds like a tornado.
Countless blue-white flashes.
He didn't do anything special. He just charged forward.
The nine blades emit so much power that a simple charge is enough to electrify the air around him.
Akihito: "Whaaat?"
Izawa: "What's he――!!?"
El-ahrairah's blades shoot out three arrows of light.
They're so fast that they leave sound itself in the dust, so we can't even follow them with our eyes, much less avoid them.
We can feel their strength without touching them. Each one could easily pulverize an average avatar.
Mayuki: "Nyaaaaa!!!"
Ten points cut through the world. The air groans as blackness pushes it aside. Babylon's gravity shield.
Haru: "No――!"
That black shield has blocked even the white hot arrows before, but the silver god is coming from a different direction now.
It swings its enormous sword horizontally.
The sword rushes toward Babylon, who's standing still.
This time, the dragon simply can't hold. It's blown back dozens of meters along the road, gouging out sections of asphalt.
Izawa: "He's toying with us! I'll show him who's stronger!"
Izawa roars.
El-ahrairah closes in with so much pressure that it crushes that roar.
This is El-ahrairah's true power, which I didn't get to see the night of the party.
This power isn't for fighting.
This is authority over destruction, provided for the purpose of annihilating all enemies, be they people, avatars, or even the city itself.
No wonder El-ahrairah is considered legendary. You'd have to be out of your mind to summon that thing inside the city.
Mayuki: "It just occurred to me, but didn't we give him an advantage by choosing a location where he won't have to worry about wiping out large parts of the city......?"
Akihito: "............!"
El-ahrairah's wheels carve tracks through the air. It moves in a wide arc to our left, around the dragon.
It has the speed advantage, but Babylon is more maneuverable.
Haru's fingers dance across empty air.
Gravity Control―――Speed boost.
Babylon can move extremely fast by reducing gravity's effect on it.
After picking itself back up, Babylon accelerates forward to shake off El-ahrairah.
Akihito: "Wha――――"
El-ahrairah's gaining on us.
After leveling up in two separate battles, Babylon's gravity control is capable of greater instaneous acceleration than even Jack the Ripper. 
And he's even faster than that.
Haru: "Akihito, this is bad."
The maid's expression is unusually stiff.
―――Of course, we aren't using Babylon's full power right now.
That magical gravity control can operate on every part of Babylon, giving it far more power than any average avatar.
But that magic isn't limitless. Babylon has to put all its power into its shield in order to block El-ahrairah's arrows of light.
When it does that, obviously it doesn't have as much left to use on its speed or maneuverability.
Gasai: "Keep struggling, dragon. Once slain, you'll be a fitting crown for a hero."
Akihito: "That's not gonna happen, you bastard!!"
The silver sword slams into it.
After blowing Babylon far enough away, El-ahrairah mercilessly follows up with a volley of light arrows.
Four shots explode. White heat swallows Babylon's body.
Gasai: "Is that all, dragon?"
Akihito: "Youuu......"
Izawa: "Stop. Looking. Down. On. Uuuus!!"
Black smoke rises from Babylon's charred limbs as it races back toward the waiting war god.
Akihito: "―――You dumbass! Don't just charge at him! Izawa, calm down and......!!"
A rain of lightning greets us. The champion's will is converted directly into brute strength in the form of arrows of light piercing through his enemy.
Some say avatars are physical manifestations of their coμ's character.Some even talk as if that's a scientific fact.
The form of an individual made up of a group of five strangers.
Take a building, for example.
Architects design it, but others do the actual construction. You could say that this bridge's form is a combination of all who were involved in its creation.
Humans with no preexisting connections were brought together to produce something entirely different.
Benio: "Uuu......u."
Waves of heat envelop Babylon. The shockwaves reach us back here. Benio covers her face and crouches down.
Neither us nor Gasai are targeting the other coμ's humans. The heat waves are nothing but collateral damage, but they're still hurting us.
Akihito: "Stay close! We have no chance at range!"
Haru: "......easier said than done."
Firepower. Range. Attack speed.At long range, El-ahrairah beats us at all three.
Babylon's shield shrinks as it accelerates.
Lightning falls around it on all sides.
Akihito: "What the......!?"
Our eyes open wide. The arrows of light bend, assaulting Babylon from multiple directions.
The war god's bolts can travel in any direction they want.
A rain of lightning. Thunder applauds the destruction. The black dragon sprints through the storm of crimson attacks.
The bolts shoot through Babylon, cut into it, burn parts of it off, but it doesn't stop moving for even an instant.
Haru: "――We're through......Mayu-Mayu!!"
Mayuki: "Fine! Don't blame me if this doesn't work!"
The moment it breaks through the raging heat, Mayuki releases the gravity control.
Gravity Control―――Boost.
Maximum Acceleration―――
We forget about defense and put all of our power into speed.
We only need speed. Faster than the last moment. Faster than this moment. Faster and faster.
Until we reach him――
The dragon leaps forward, leaving all else in its wake.
Shoot through it――
A flash as the giant sword comes down.
Babylon takes the hit without any shield. Cracks form in its chest armor, and black pieces of it scatter off into the night.
Even this won't reach him. Abandoning defense entirely still isn't enough to do any damage.
But so what――?
Even if it won't reach him, we'll keep doing it until it does.
Akihito: "......!"
Something deep in my cranium goes numb, as if a hot, sharp needle was just jammed into it. This is the price of overusing your avatar.
Being connected to a foreign construct like an avatar tires out the brain.
That's why it's harder to control avatars that aren't humanoid.
If our avatar was humanoid, we'd just be a bit tired, but controlling Babylon right now requires processing more information than humans can handle.
The futility of it manifests as pain. Sharp pain warning us of a taboo.
It tells us not to go any farther, that doing so would be dangerous.
We push past that limit. There's no way we can face this enemy otherwise.
But even that――
Akihito: "O-Haru-san――"
Haru: "――Nnuuu!!"
Even that won't be enough for us to keep up with the silver champion.The giant sword plows through Babylon as it steps forward.
Gasai: "―――Too slow, dragon."
Armor damaged. Functionality lost. Parameters lowered――
We don't feel the avatar's pain, even if we share its life. The avatar is just a vessel, and we're the bullets.
The pain I feel stabbing through my temple is entirely my own.
The simple difference in power can't be compensated for. No amount of willpower will make up for it.
Izawa: "Uuaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Izawa screams with bloodlust.
An overhead swing plows into it, easily blowing it away.
In midair, Babylon punches the road's surface. That plus its gravity control allow it to change the direction it's flying in.
Babylon kicks a wall, then the ground, and then a metal column.
The pitch-black dragon moves faster than even a Gevaudan, surpassing the silver war god's reaction speed.
Akihito: "You're not escaping this......!"
If he gets away this time, we'll die. Dig into him.
Pain. Pain. Pain. Pain.The pain in my nervous system rises.
――――Red burned into the back of my eyelids.――――I remember the red color.
The sight of the city crumbling has been burned into my retinas. Many nameless people collapsed, their kingdoms violated and usurped.
――――A black impulse rises in my chest.
Broken buildings. Spilt blood. Lost lives.They all turn into black heat flowing through my veins.
Destruction. Defeat. Unfairness. Usurpation.I can't forgive any of those, so――
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
Gasai: "What!?"
Black bullets activate the black dragon. The flames of rage stick to it like a curse, without even a clear target.
Gasai? Myself? Someone else? Something else?
Izawa: "――――!!"
Babylon flies in from an unexpected direction. Even El-ahrairah can't evade this.
Pitch-black fangs bite through white armor.
Akihito: "――!"
Babylon crashes into the enormous foe, but they don't move.
El-ahrairah canceled out Babylon's momentum with a single swing of its enormous arm. The war god can hold Babylon's body in place with just its bare hands. It's more than just an avatar.
Under that gray sky, the "death goddess" gave me a small blade, knowing that only willpower and action can change the world.
Again――――
Shinomiya Yoruko. Her face and small shoulders flicker in my mind as sparks fill the air.
Izawa: "Pipsqueak! Maid!"
Haru: "Okay."
Mayuki: "I've got this!"
Point-blank range.
We barged into El-ahrairah's airspace and bit into it, close enough for the avatars' bodies to touch.
El-ahrairah's sword and Babylon's fangs. The two avatars perform a mad dance.
There's no changing the simple difference in power. Even with all of Babylon's magic concentrated on its shield, the enormous sword digs through its armor like an excavator.
Our avatar is weakening with every attack.
Akihito: "――――"
My heart feels like breaking with every attack.
Gasai Itsuki.
We only crossed paths for a brief moment. We talked to each other that evening, but that's it.
Why is that―――
My will weakens.
Izawa: "The hell are you――!?"
Gasai doesn't miss that chance.
The sword tears through the night air over our heads as it comes down like a shooting star.
There's no way for us to avoid it or deflect the blow.
Babylon's left arm is cut in half. It's a miracle that it didn't have to step back.
We can't step back, but not because of pride. If we give him the slightest amount of space, he'll crush us in that same moment. Only defeat and death await us.
Izawa: "Fucking concentrate!"
His shout clears my mind. I was lost in thought for only a few seconds.
Akihito: "Babylon――――Load."
―――Babylon's fire.
Like El-ahrairah, this attack is enough to wipe out a city all by itself.
We bring together drops of the black power racing through the dragon's body. It takes a painfully long time to build them up.
Izawa: "Urararararara――――!"
El-ahrairah's sword dances. Black claws are knocked away in the process. Both sides continue pushing. Neither can afford to blink.
As if to slip between them......
Haru: "That's cheating!"
The nine swords on the war god's back start giving off white heat. They release the same electricity as before, but at this range Babylon could get hurt by them too.
Benio: "Izawa――!"
Izawa: "Tear him apaaaart!"
Benio searches. Izawa controls.
They use Babylon's powers to find the right angle of attack.
The results are reflected in the dragon's movements as Izawa fine-tunes them.
Haru makes it run. Mayuki keeps it defended.
Haru: "Here we go!"
Mayuki: "Nyaaa!"
The pitch-black dragon moves into El-ahrairah's blind spot, like threading a needle.
Four arrows of light follow it.
We block one and evade two, but the last one melts through the left side.
Akihito: "――――"
He's incredibly strong. We knew that.
Gasai is the champion――He's been fighting to obtain his kingdom.
He's held that sword with an unwavering will and unhesitating feet.
He's beaten down all regret, resignation, and wasted effort.
Of course he isn't weak.
But so what―――?
We know that it's futile. We know that we won't reach him. We know that we'll be defeated. But I keep repeating that spell.
Benio,Izawa,Mayuki,Haru.
We all have different reasons. Even I can't be Benio, and Izawa's nothing like her.
We're five completely different beings, so our personal reasons don't connect. We don't even move in the same direction.
But so what―――?
Mayuki: "Teeeei!"
Mayuki deflects it with the shield.
Benio: "I'm passing all of this to you――!"
Mayuki: "I'm gonna cry if you make me do any more!"
Everything the dragon detects, everything it sees is conveyed to us via invisible lines.
Every motion of the white war god. Each air current, electromagnetic wave, and gravity field produced by the five blades it attacks with.
We deflect.We block.We dodge.
Gasai: "Damn you――――"
For the first time, Gasai's face shows clear astonishment.
Babylon can't match El-ahrairah in speed or strength.
We shouldn't be able to match him, but something's making up for that. With every clash the gap gets ever so slightly smaller.
Benio: "Igi, giii......!"
She's tormented by pain that she's never felt before. Reading sensory information from the dragon hurts our brains. She bears it through will alone, gritting her teeth.
Gasai: "――――El-ahrairah!"
Gasai's will. A sword swing. A light arrow. All at the same time.Babylon doesn't have much magic left.
Its left arm won't move. Its right arm isn't enough.
Explosions. Even with Babylon's shield, El-ahrairah's blades are no different from explosions.
Enormous swords cut through the wind.My heart tries to flee from the terror.
Akihito: "Babylon――――!!"
Hold your ground. Hold your ground. Hold your ground.
A sword shoots through the black body.
El-ahrairah's raw strength――If this was a simple tug-of-war, we'd have no hope.
But neither us nor Gasai are targeting the other coμ's humans.
We never promised to do that. It's so formless that you can't even call it an unspoken rule.
Only in this situation right here is Babylon approaching El-ahrairah.
Benio sees.
Mayuki defends.
Izawa deflects.
Haru races.
As if the five of us are one, although that's just an illusion.
Akihito: "Gasaiiiiiiiii!!!"
We act out a clumsy battle. We have no hope at long range, so we try to whittle him down at close range.
Like a boxer with sticky shoes. An awkward, uncool style without a shred of grace. We're trying to kill him with a thousand cuts.
Gasai: "――――Mizuwa."
Coμs are a five-way prisoner's dilemma that you can't escape from.
And that's enough to fill the gap between us and El-ahrairah.
Gasai is alone. The champion trusts no one but himself.
All of El-ahrairah's actions can be controlled by Gasai and no one else, because he's a Lord.
But even Gasai Itsuki by himself can't match the speed of an avatar with all five of its connectors.
However, El-ahrairah ravages, destroys, and conquers with such great strength that a slight speed advantage means very little.
His will is like steel, capable of controlling not only this incredible avatar, but also the four other people in his coμ.
That's the real secret behind El-ahrairah's power.
We avoid three arrows of light at point-blank range.
Gasai: "――――Even that won't hit?"
The fact that El-ahrairah's so powerful is its true weakness.
Just like Jack the Ripper. No matter how powerful the connector is, and how powerful the avatar is......
No one can control such an avatar flawlessly.
We run circles around it like a little fly.
Pain stabs my forehead. My knees ache. I can't even stand my ground.
――――No, not yet......!
Izawa: "Almost――――"
El-ahrairah survives the attack. It not only deflects Babylon's fangs, but delivers a counterattack with three orbs of lightning.
From within the white heat―――
Black.
Darkness expands. Blackness expands. A pitch black darker than the night.
Ten points cut through the world. Black, black, and more black expands out from them.
We pump what little magic we have left into fully deploying the gravity shield and blocking the lightning.
Akihito: "――――――"
El-ahrairah stumbles. For the first time, the champion shows weakness.
―――I remember the red color.
I remember the pieces I lost... when they were taken out of my heart.
Black heat spawned from the unfairness of the theft.
It's anger.It's pain.It's animosity.
Sharp anger, like a blade to cut through the world.
The target of that anger is myself, and no one else.
It came with the despair, the realization that I was powerless.
Thus―――I want revenge.
The monster deep in my heart gnashes its fangs.It won't give the world a second glance.It won't regret stealing these things from others.
A mad heat coloring the whole world black.I glare at the enemy with scorching heat.
Crumbling buildings. Voices crying for help. Hands that can't reach anything. Many lives lost in the attack.
――――I swore not to forgive him.
Akihito: "Gasai――――――"
Izawa: "Mizuwa! ......the hell are you――!?"
I subconsciously interfere with his control. The black heat roars.
I take control away from Izawa and make Babylon run.
Gasai: "Mizuwaaaaaaaaa!"
I close in on El-ahrairah.
A storm of blades greets us. An enormous whirlwind that kills all it touches. The champion's fury compressed into physical form.
Babylon's armor tears apart. Its limbs are cut off. But it avoids any fatal wounds.
We don't feel the avatar's pain.As long as it can keep moving, we don't care.
Gasai――――
Babylon runs.
Akihito: "Gasai......you――!"
A rumbling so loud that even the moonlight goes pale.
The white war god and the black dragon. Two steel masses collide underneath arches stretching across the heavens.
El-ahrairah catches Babylon, as if embracing it. The sharp steel protrusions along the dragon's body pierce through the silver chest. The two gods are tied together. 
Gasai: "You've done it, Mizuwa――――――You actually wounded me!!"
His indignation is clear.
Gasai: "El-ahrairah――――!!!"
The silver war god is now tied to the dragon and can't get away. An immense blade of light extends from its sword.
A tremendous amount of energy. The blue-white electric light burns the sky as if it was rain falling up.
Akihito: "Babylon――――"
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
It shouts, afraid of the rushing heat.The black dragon's roar shakes the battlefield.
Ten points cut through the world.The black power surpasses the lightning blade and repaints the world.
――Terror changes to bloodlust.――If we don't kill him, he'll kill us.
――I fear others because I fear death.
――People fear that which they cannot understand.――People fear strangers since they cannot understand them.
Crumbling buildings. Voices crying for help. Hands that can't reach anything. Many lives lost in the attack.
The voices were screaming.
Voices of people dying.Voices of people who'd run out of strength.
（I can't forgive him／Gasai／El-ahrairah――）
A curse I once placed on myself.Anger over what had been taken from me.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The dragon madly attempts to break through the walls of the white world. Black claws tear through the earth and pierce the enemy.
Akihito: "――――――!"
I've never forgiven the world for what it did that day.I've held onto this cursed blade, this anger directed at the gentle world.
Gasai: （That is revenge, not retribution.）
What sleeps deep in my chest is a single black monster.
Kagome: （You always are nice to women, Akihito.）
Anger that sleeps deep within my heart, with nowhere to go.
Anger from the past――――
I believed that a curse would be enough to cut through the world, but that didn't reach it. Not even that could reach it.
―――I remember the red color.
―――The metal bridge. The cell phone. That last cursed voice.
I couldn't forgive him.
Even if the law, the world forgave his theft, I couldn't.So I swung my own blade.
However,the consequences follow me around.I can't escape from the past, or from what I've done.
Woman: （Killer――）
I paid the price for my foolishness, which is why I locked it away.
I came back to this city hoping I could rot away in peace by myself.
And yet......
Because I met her that day......
It was a coincidence. We walked by each other on the footbridge in front of the station.
I recognized her right away, but she wasn't as smart as she was agile, so it took her a while to recognize her childhood friend.
When I saw her tilt her head as if she'd stepped into a trap――
I thought "Is this really happening?"
After all, she hadn't changed in the slightest.
She was as selfish as ever. She can only live like a blade, never breaking, never bending, never rusting.
She was as beautiful as ever.
If I hadn't met her, I'm sure my heart would have rotted away by now. But she wouldn't even let me do that.
She made me stand up, still holding the pitch-black heat.
And now......
―――I can't forgive the world for taking things away so vaguely, so unfairly.
Akihito: "I――――"
Akihito: "I will deny you――!"
The shout my lips form has no meaning. The black merely fills my vision.
The white and black avatars remain connected, overlapping.
The heart can't overpower physics, just as the world can't outstrip light.
So I wield my blade instead of praying.Prayers never reach anyone but yourself.
I intend to cut through my enemies, the world, everything with this anger.
Izawa: "Mizuwa!?"
Someone shouts. My ears don't hear it.
Death.
The sight of death comes back to me.
I share the pain of death.
I felt that pain once――
Pain triggers my anger.
The pain of that blade―――
The other four circuits follow me with hesitation.
We can't back down from this. We'll be killed if we do.I glare at the enemy, trapped by fear.
I will――――
　　　　　　　　　　　　　Kill you.
Akihito: "―――Babylon!!!!"
I load my rage into it. My black heat.Black gravity swirls in the dragon's mouth.A bullet of death and destruction.
―――I can't accept what the world took from me.
So―――
I can't forgive anyone who takes those things away.
Gasai: "In that case......Burn all creation, El-ahrairah―――――!"
The king stands tall.He hasn't taken a single step forward or backward.The white champion moves down the road.
A sword of light to cut through all of material existence.
Black fangs. Deep inside them, a pitch-black fire makes the world groan.
We're both preparing our most powerful weapons. Each could easily destroy a single avatar. These powers are better suited for destroying cities than individual foes.
Cut through the world. Bring down the world.
Gasai looks at me.
I look at Gasai.
Our avatars are connected.We're far too close to avoid or block these attacks.
Our blades are guaranteed to cut through each other.A slight difference in power won't matter.
―――Kill him.
I remember the screams from beneath the rubble. The red color.The burning smell of iron. Death brings anger.
The urge boils up from within me.
I can't forgive it.
I mustn't forgive it.Death. Unfairness. Usurpers. Curses.
This world―――
The black dragon and the white war god are still connected by steel points, each charging up their ultimate attacks――――
I can hear screams cutting through the world.
The trigger――
If I pull the trigger――
If I shoot, it'll be complete.
―――My revenge.
The price of death will have been paid.
――Shoot.
Kill him.
Remember that tragedy.
Stir up your anger. Bring down your fist. Kill them before they kill you.
The black dragon's shout makes the bridge rumble.
Akihito: "――――"
Aaah......
I finally notice.
This thing is me.
It rejects the world with ten sharp points.It cuts through the world with ten knives.
Like a porcupine. Pitch-black heat that you can't approach.
The white enemy sees the gravity storm, the black whirlpool.
El-ahrairah.There's no way for us to block that sword of light once it comes down.
――――――If I don't shoot, he will, so......
Akihito: "Babyl――――――"
My cheek feels hot.
It's far weaker than the heat in my heart, but the pain is definite.My heart was rising from that urge, but now it's been pulled back to a world with gravity.
The person who knocked me out of paradise stands right in front of me.
Benio.She glares directly at me, as if I'm her archenemy.
My face. Pain. Her hand held up to one side.My mind finally catches up and realizes that she slapped me.
I'm so stunned I give up control of Babylon.
Without a connector's will, the black dragon stands still, still on the razor's edge between life and death.
Akihito: "Beni......o......"
Benio: "What the hell are you doing?"
Akihito: "What? ......I was going to......Gasai......"
Benio: "What are you doing, Akihito?"
Benio: "This isn't right at all! Is this what we came out here for!?"
Benio's mad. I can't tell if she's crying or not.
Why did we come here?
We couldn't forgive Gasai for what he did, so we came here......
――――To reach him――――
Akihito: "――――――"
Why are we here?
Did I just want to kill Gasai as revenge for those who died?
.........I don't think so.
That's not what I wanted to do, because doing that won't save anyone.
Hey now, this is even worse than hypocrisy.
You could kill Jack but you can't kill Gasai? You've killed plenty of people. How does one more matter now?
Why not kill him? Gasai killed plenty, even if his own hands are clean.
Lots of innocent people died because of what he did. He's killed far more than Jack.
Punish him. Don't discriminate with such shallow emotions.
Hearts are no different from fairy tales. Feelings have no meaning.
An eye for an eye. A life for a life.
―――A pitch-black curse.
I sigh, my breath as heavy as lead.
I close my eyes.
Then I reopen them.
Izawa: "......don't get in the way, you bitch......"
Benio: "I will get in the way......because......"
Benio: "I'm an ally of justice."
Izawa: "Don't say things that make no sense. We're done for if we don't kill him."
Mayuki: "Benio-san, didn't you say you wanted to beat him up......?"
Haru: "Well, that does sound like Benio-chan."
Izawa: "Takekawa, have you ever managed to solve anything with those pretty words of yours?"
Izawa: "Remember Yoshimori? Jack? Nanase and David? Learn some common sense already."
Izawa: "Your hands are as bloody as ours anyway. Stop acting like a goody-two-shoes."
Benio: "I know all that!!"
Benio: "But......I still............"
Akihito: "............"
Seven years ago, my mother was taken from me.
I always pretended to accept it. I told myself that the world was unfair, as if I was enlightened.
I told myself pain, sadness, and frustration are nothing special.
But I never could forgive that unfair, incomprehensible misfortune.
I always wanted something to repay me for what I lost that day.
Even though I know better than anyone that no such thing could ever exist.
Every time I hold out my hand, I dream an impossible dream where what I lost comes back to me.
The hole grows larger each time. The world's unchanging kindness teaches me how powerless I am.
Things are repeatedly stolen from me. The pain of loss keeps coming back to me.
I'm repeatedly defeated. At the end, I'm always too late to reach anyone.
I repeat the same thing over and over. In an empty kingdom, just staying alive is exhausting. We all run out of strength, learning that it was all wasted effort.
If I fall to my knees, if I don't hate something, I won't be able to take another step. Just like that day on the roof when I grasped the blade of revenge.
Terror made that black heat start to ooze out of the hole in my heart.
―――If you can't forgive them, then take it from them too.
Benio: "――――"
Little Benio stands in my way.
She's not even as tall as me, much less the dragon. Her limbs are slender. They'd probably break if I was too rough with her.
And yet she stands in my way like a wall.
Akihito: "――――"
Anger can bring salvation.
It did for me. If I didn't choose to hate someone, I would have rotted away on that gray roof.
My heart would have died, after which my body would have been little different.
My shaking legs were supported by a pillar of hate. My heart was kept pumping by the heat of revenge.
Anger and revenge can be a kind of righteousness.
What's wrong with that? No one would blame me for killing him.
So――
Benio: "Akihito, what do you want to do?"
Benio: "Do you want to kill him? Do you want to take his life away? If that's really what you want, go ahead and do it."
Benio: "I understand why you'd want to. I killed Karasuma too."
Benio: "So......if you can't forgive him, if you're so sad and fed up that you can't bear not to kill him――――"
Benio: "Then I think you should do it."
Benio: "But you're not you right now, Akihito."
Benio: "You feel like......just a black monster......"
Akihito: "............a monster."
Benio: "I'm an ally of justice, so I can't allow what feels wrong to me. I know that means forcing my justice onto you, but that's what I'm going to do."
Benio: "――――Be warned, monster."
She points the tip of her finger at my throat like a heroic sword.
Benio: "......I don't think this is right. It's not like you to lose to a mere monster, Akihito."
Benio: "So――If you're going to let that thing control you, and kill him for that reason, then I'm going to stop you."
Four versus one――Benio can't stop Babylon by herself. She should know that, but......
A futile resistance. That won't reach anyone.
Just like how the world can't outstrip light.Just like how people can't fly through the sky.
Just like how you'll never grasp anything no matter how hard you reach up to the sky.
Benio: "Hey, Akihito, what did you want to do here......?"
I look at the white king. Gasai stands next to El-ahrairah.
That's right. I wanted to reach him.
――Don't forget.
I wanted to make those words reach him.
I wanted to tell him never to forget what he usurped, who he trampled, no matter where those sacrifices get him.
I wanted to tell him that he can never atone for what he did, and he must never forget that.
If he does forget that, then he'll be nothing more than a monster.
That applies to everyone. Karasuma was like that. I was like that when I stepped down from the gray roof.
If you ignore the world and merely brandish your own personal righteousness, you become a black, twisted monster.
You'll be the king of a lonely world, on a throne locked away from everything else.
So......
Gasai Itsuki's kingdom will probably bring peace to this city. 
Even if the world accepts you and applauds what you do, I will still deny you.
Like a clown dancing before you, I will keep insisting that the king's tracks are filled with blood.
So that we don't have to repeat those sins.
So that tomorrow might have less pain, less sadness, less misfortune than today.
Benio: "......what do you want to do?"
And yet, terror made me lose sight of that. The obvious fact that we'll be killed if we don't kill him.
I tried to kill Gasai.
I am so weak. I really am. I can't even walk straight ahead.
Akihito: "......that was so stupid, Benio."
Benio: "......m-me?"
Akihito: "I lost control when you hit me. If Gasai swung down, we'd all be dead."
Benio: "Uu......I-I didn't think...of that......"
Benio: "............I would've died too......hopefully it doesn't hurt."
Mayuki: "Please don't say such ominous things."
Benio: "I am......scared of death. Really scared. My legs are shaking."
Benio: "I always say whatever pops into my head, so I tend to regret it later."
Benio: "My hands aren't clean anymore, but......"
Benio: "But so what? I'd still like to do what's right."
But so what―――?
In this gentle kingdom, beyond defeat, powerlessness, and wasted effort lies despair. Those are the only words that still hold meaning beyond that despair.
Akihito: "............I see."
El-ahrairah has been holding its sword up in the air this whole time.
It could have attacked us. We've been standing still and talking for quite a while. There's no reason we should still be alive.
Akihito: "......again we couldn't match him."
I'm repeatedly defeated, repeatedly crushed, but I still......
Izawa: "Tsk......he's just mocking us now. Takekawa, remember this."
Benio: "Th-this is my......fault?"
Mayuki: "How could it be anyone else's fault? We could've at least taken him down with us, but you just had to......"
Haru: "Well, for tonight let's just be glad that we're still alive."
The king waits at the silver war god's feet. He waits for the stupid clown.
Akihito: "............I'll go settle this."
Benio: "Akihito......"
Mayuki: "......what are you going to do after all this? Talk to him and magically settle all our differences?"
Akihito: "Dunno. But if he gives me the chance I'll try to sock him in the jaw, at least."
Mayuki: "Please try not to cause any extra trouble for us."
Akihito: "You're no fun."
Haru: "What do you think the king's doing?"
Akihito: "Won't know until I go talk to him. Any objections to me speaking for all five of us?"
Izawa: "......I'll kill him."
Izawa: "Anyone who ties me down is my enemy, whether it's you or anyone else. I do what I want."
Izawa: "―――So you do whatever the hell you want, Mizuwa."
Mayuki: "......men are such idiots. At least be honest and say "It's not like I think you're a good leader or anything.""
Benio: "Umm, that's not honest at all."
Haru: "You're such an adult, Mayu-Mayu."
Benio: "Anyway, it's fine. Go ahead, Akihito."
Mayuki: "You don't have to come back or anything."
Haru: "Good luck, master."
I raise one hand as I walk off.
Kagome's standing in front of me. The witch always appears suddenly.
Akihito: "Something wrong?"
Kagome: "You're as meddling as you are stupid, Akihito."
Akihito: "Are you stopping me?"
Kagome: "I'll let this slide, since I'm your partner."
The witch watches me walk away toward the king. I tap Babylon's leg as I walk past it.
Akihito: "Sorry, we did our best."
Babylon and El-ahrairah. They clashed head on, piercing each other's armor so that now they're tied together. We stand at their feet.
Gasai's been waiting. He has the same iron mask he started with. I feel like I've lost to him somehow.
Gasai: "Done sparring?"
Akihito: "Wasn't this supposed to be a war?"
Gasai: "You can't call something this small a war."
Akihito: "I guess that's true."
Akihito: "......so, king."
Akihito: "Did you know we have an ally of justice in our coμ?"
Akihito: "She's pretty stupid."
Akihito: "She loves doing the right thing."
Gasai: "Nothing is right or wrong here."
That's true.
Righteousness is like a dream. A fairy tale that will disappear into the aether at dawn.
There's no righteousness anywhere. Good, evil, right, and wrong are just convenient tools.
Just mirages that you can waste all of your energy chasing.
―――I do what I think is right.
One person's righteousness can't stay intact long in a world that moves so fast. Good will begets evil, and righteous acts become mistakes. We're always too complicated to keep up.
A gentle kingdom. Everything is equally meaningless here, so there's no right answer for my hands to grasp.
But so what―――?
Akihito: "Gasai."
Gasai: "......"
It feels like this is the first time he's ever truly faced me. After spilling so much blood, killing so mercilessly, and destroying so much without hesitation, Gasai still looks directly at me.
Akihito: "I will deny you."
You really do like Gasai-kun――
I dunno about that.
I'm just jealous.
Of his unwavering strength.
He's like a blade that never bends, breaks, or rusts.
Maybe I wanted that kind of strength.
If Gasai's going to live on a mountain of corpses, if there's something he can't atone for any other way......
Then at the very least, I'm going to be a thorn in his side.
Akihito: "As many times as it takes."
Akihito: "Don't think this is over just because you won tonight."
Akihito: "I will stand in your way over and over again."
The words of the dead won't reach him. Their curses and anger vanish into the mist.
So even if the whole world accepts this man, even if everyone forgets what he did someday......
I want to make sure Gasai never forgets about the blood spilled behind him.
Akihito: "I will keep denying you."
Gasai: "I know my path."
Gasai: "I will save a thousand atop the bodies of a hundred. That will be my kingdom."
Gasai Itsuki's kingdom.
Gasai: "Power is all I have ever believed in."
Gasai: "Your words are nothing to me."
Gasai: "I will continue down this path."
That day, I swung a blade of revenge.
What I really couldn't forgive was this world. I couldn't stand how meaningless it was whenever it took things away from me.
Why did my mother die? It could've been anyone. I wanted a reason for it to be her.
I hated myself more than the killer.
Why didn't I die? I should've been just as good as my mother. I wanted a reason why I wasn't chosen.
In the end, I couldn't stand up any more.
I needed a reason to stand up, to bring the heat back to my defeated, dying heart. I needed a purpose, a reason why I survived and not her.
Death has no reason and no meaning. That's what the death goddess told me on the gray roof as she handed me a cursed steel item.
And―――Told me to take revenge.
―――Revenge.
Akihito: "We're little more than cogs in the machine."
Gasai: "Are you saying we have no free will?"
Akihito: "No, just that we're parts of something too big for us to change."
Just like the little gears inside a clock. They can't even turn the way they want.
We just turn, mesh, and force each other to turn as part of a great machine constructing the fairy tale we call the world.
Gasai: "I'm going, clown."
Akihito: "Whatever, king."
I don't know what the right answer is to all the unfair, unreasonable, inescapable contradictions in this world.
But so what―――?
That's the only meaningful spell.
As if reaching out my little hands to the sky they'll never reach.
―――I'll be a thorn in his side.
Two gate lights appear on the bridge. The black dragon and the silver war god return to their own country now that they've played their parts.
Gasai leaves.
I head back to Benio and the others without watching him go.
There's still a lot of time before dawn.
Akihito: "I'm back."
Kagome: "You went to all this trouble just for him to win and let you live. Looks like you'll be stuck at partner for a while yet, Akihito."
Mayuki: "So we're all heading home in one piece. I thought we'd raised a ton of death flags."
Haru: "Would you like a reward, master?"
Izawa: "Ha! At least punch him once."
Benio: "............"
Benio: "Welcome back."
A gentle world. It's a sad wasteland, so gentle that there's nothing there at all.
So there's only one thing I can do. As long as I live, I'll keep doing the same stupid thing.
But so what――?
Despair, resignation, defeat, contradictions. We're trying to surpass all those things.
After being repeatedly defeated in this gentle kingdom, we'll still leave footprints in this wasteland.
As long as we live, as long as we keep walking.
And moving forward.
====================H0410_ED 勇者の伝説_0526.json====================
The world is tough.There's no ending even if you do defeat the big bad guy, but we haven't even done that――
It's late afternoon, on a weekend early in the summer. I stop at the intersection in front of the station and look up at the roof of a building.
The mystery songstress sings alone today as well――――
I assume. I don't know for sure though.
I've only received Girl A's invitation once.
After becoming a connector, I've never seen her again.
There are rumors of people finding her again, but they never have any sources.
Keiko: "Akihito-saaan."
A tall girl waves vigorously. Her short brother looks displeased.
Keiko: "It's been a while. I'm glad to see you're doing well."
She bows so deeply that I'm surprised she didn't hit her head on the ground.
Akihito: "Oh, Keiko-chan. Good day to you and your sulking brother."
Izawa: "Who'd want to go see your face on the weekends?"
Akihito: "So what brings you here today, Onii-tama? Just hanging out with your sister since it's an off-day for her?"
Izawa: "Call me that again and you'll get a full tour of the bottom of Takakura Bay."
Akihito: "Then I'll go with Nii-kun."
Keiko: "Come on, Nii-chan. You don't have many friends, so you've gotta be nice to the ones you do have."
The little sister chides her brother, a man who could gun people down in broad daylight. She sounds right, but it's a very harsh opinion for him.
Akihito: "Enjoy your peaceful weekends while you can. We might get really busy again soon. The Round Table's gonna be in an uproar."
Izawa: "Because you insisted on being merciful for some stupid reason. If we'd settled things on the bridge――"
Akihito: "......would you have preferred we all died there?"
This is why I don't want to make too many friends who see life as a game to be won or lost.
Things have been relatively quiet since then. We survived, and so did Gasai.
Being alive is wonderful. I feel like stretching my arms out toward the sky.
Caesar's Legion has been expanding every day. It's quickly becoming the dominant force in the Coμnet.
Today, Girl A will sing again, and connectors will appear somewhere in the city. The ever-expanding Coμnet needs power. The power to protect a kingdom. The power to rule a kingdom.
They don't care if it comes from a king or a hero.
After Jack the Ripper, the Round Table's authority has fallen. The final blow was delivered when Takatou Nanase went into hiding.
Sir Percival's sudden disappearance was a major topic of discussion for a while.
Her fansite was filled with people screaming, spreading rumors that she got married.
The truth is always ugly and lame.
Nanase can't make a move anymore.
She couldn't bring peace with dirty money. She couldn't bring justice to her corrupt allies. She couldn't even forgive them for what they did.
But she can't quit the game either. In the end, Nanase couldn't go anywhere at all, so she locked herself away, alone.
Does Nanase hate David for what he did?
Either way, she can't leave the coμ. They're still connected, whether she likes it or not.
The seat of Percival was succeeded by David. Kugura was never accused of anything.
Our promise amounted to nothing. A good example of why not to trust others without some insurance.
David has been separated from Nanase forever, but in exchange, he has more power now.
Izawa: "......is there gonna be a war with Caesar and the Round Table now?"
Akihito: "Dunno. Things aren't as bad as before, so I doubt it'll be as big this time."
Nanase never revealed it, but information about Kugura's crimes leaked out from somewhere.
Thus, the Round Table is busy with infighting. They're splitting into factions, blaming each other for what happened.
I suspect a certain cat was the source of the information. She finally got them back for almost killing her.
They'll probably fight with Gasai eventually, but the Legion's growing more powerful by the day. It won't be long before Gasai's victory is assured without any combat at all.
Izawa: "Don't care. I'll just kill whoever points their fangs at me. Including you. I will kill you and that snake someday."
Akihito: "I'll put five thousand yen on Kagome winning next round."
Izawa: "......you really want to die today, don't you?"
Keiko: "Nii-chan! I just told you to be nice to him......"
Izawa: "Why should I be nice to this two-faced bastard!?"
Izawa and I part ways.
His tall sister drags him off by the hand, and his unhappy face soon disappears into the crowd.
Rondo: "Hello!"
A red flower waves her hand from the other side of the path. She jogs over with a spring in her step.
That's all she's doing, yet she looks gorgeous.
Akihito: "Rondo Rondo."
Rondo: "......"
She makes a strange face.
Rondo: "I heard rumors that you fought with Caesar."
Akihito: "News travels fast. Yeah, we gave it our best shot, though we lost in the end."
Rondo: "If you guys challenged him, then the terrorist attacks were all......?"
The city is still noisy today. We have peace in exchange for the truth.
Akihito: "......that's a different issue. Let's just say we had something to prove. Men can be very silly about that sometimes."
I stay quiet, even though that's just a fragile fairy tale.
Akihito: "So, how's Kimizuka?"
Rondo: "She's still in the hospital, but she's doing much better. I brought her fruit last time and she started eating it immediately."
Akihito: "That's good to hear."
Rondo: "You stood me up recently. I can't believe you'd hurt my pride like that. Do you know how serious a crime that is?"
Akihito: "......I humbly ask for a relatively painless form of atonement."
Rondo: "All right. I'm busy today so we'll go out some other time. Don't forget about it."
Akihito: "Understood, princess."
Rondo: "Bye, clown."
The person I'm actually waiting for arrives just as Rondo walks away.
Benio: "I'm here――"
Benio waves her hand as she runs over. Every time I see her, she's needlessly energetic.
Benio: "Heheheh, were you waiting?"
Akihito: "Quite a while."
Benio: "......you're supposed to say you only just got here, even if it's not true. I am a girl you know."
She pouts.
When we fought Gasai, she risked her life to stop me. I have a hard time believing this is the same person who did that.
Benio: "What should we do today? I'd kinda like a more romantic date this time."
She pulls my arm, making me stand up and walk with her.
In the new heart of the city, there's a vacant area along the main street going through the business district.
That's where the attack happened. The rubble's been cleared, and white sheets have been draped over planned construction sites.
A large portion of the crowd looks at the area with pain, but the majority pass by unaffected.
Humans are strong.
Daily life may be just a bad fairy tale, but we wouldn't be able to live our lives if we couldn't ignore what thin ice we're walking on.
We need that fairy tale.
A gentle tale, fitting for a gentle kingdom. It's neither good nor bad, just a simple fact.
On the side of the road is a small place where people have put toys and flowers. Memorabilia of the 86 who died in that attack.
Three girls in school uniforms quickly walk past us. One's crying, and the other two are trying to cheer her up.
She adds a new bouquet to the pile. She must have known one of the victims. Maybe family, maybe a friend.
Benio: "......Caesar......I never did get a chance to slap him......"
Benio: "Sorry."
Instead of giving him a piece of our mind, he ended up letting us live. We really are clowns.
I squint for a moment in the strong sunlight.
Child: "Like I said, the giant robot was――"
Mother: "Yes, that sounds incredible――"
A mother and child smiling. I don't see them as they walk past. I just hear their footsteps grow distant.
Akihito: "......do you think these people would have forgiven him if we did manage to beat him up?"
Benio: "I'm...not sure......I'm not that smart, so I don't know......"
Benio turns away awkwardly, looking up at the blue sky.
Akihito: "You're not stupid. That's just an instinctive reaction. Like an insect."
Benio: "Chuuuu!"
She pouts her lips, objecting to my remark.
Benio: "......but now that I think about it, we're all like that."
She's talking about stolen lives.
Kaburaya. Karasuma. We killed both of them.
You could say that's the same as what Caesar did. Even if it wasn't the right thing to do, it saved lives.
Akihito: "If――"
Akihito: "If I'd been doing things you simply couldn't forgive, what would you do, Benio?"
Maybe the sunlight got to me, but I felt like asking that.
Benio: "......then I simply wouldn't forgive you."
She thinks seriously hard for once, then comes up next to me and looks up into my eyes.
Benio: "I wouldn't forgive you, and I'd keep watching you foreeever and eeeeeeever and eeeeeeeeeeeeeever until you changed your ways, Akihito."
Akihito: "......you're really pushy."
I smile. That's so like her.
In this gentle kingdom, what you lose never comes back. Not just lives. It's never possible to truly atone for anything.
So in the end, all we can do is bear the burden of our sins.
The past is connected to the present. Today connects to tomorrow. Everything piles on top of what's already there.
As I gaze at the city's buildings, a very old story about a tower crosses my mind.
People living on the ground built an enormous tower to try and reach the sky, but at the last step of construction they incurred God's wrath.
To ensure humans would never repeat their arrogance, God mixed up their languages, preventing them from joining forces.
That's why people can't understand each other, why they can't connect, like a tower of sand that crumbles as you build it.
Benio: "Let's all go to the beach this summer!"
I smile at the idea of inviting everyone.
Haru's depraved lifestyle hasn't changed. She broke up with her third man at the end of last month, but she already found a new one by the beginning of this month.
Mayuki rushes all around for work. She seems even busier than usual these days. I haven't seen her in half a month.
We really are different people. We're separate. We're facing different directions. But still......
Somewhere, there is something connecting us.
What'll happen this summer? It might be fun to invite Yoruko too.
Akihito: "The beach......there are problems though."
Benio: "Your job? Or......are you in danger of flunking out?"
Akihito: "I haven't fallen that far."
Akihito: "I'm fine with it, but if we're all in swimsuits, won't everyone notice?"
I point. Her small, cute chest has gotten just a little bit bigger.
The truth is, Benio recently got a push-up bra. Hooray for modern technology.
Benio: "P-people can't make breasts any larger than they already are!!"
I'm not sure what that means, since breasts are exactly as large as they are no matter what. Does Benio have the courage to face Kagome and Haru in their swimsuits?
That's the biggest problem for our hero.
Benio: "A call?"
Akihito: "Oh, it's my kouhai."
Ayaya: "I've been super lucky this morning! The Ophiuchus in me can already hear new love approaching!"
Akihito: "You're perky today. I didn't know you were an Ophiuchus."
Ayaya: "Uuuuu, you haven't even learned Lovely Ayayan's birthday? I can't stand Senpai's sadistic affection......"
Akihito: "So what's up?"
Ayaya: "Just a love call since you've been skipping school a lot lately."
Akihito: "I've been feeling sentimental lately, so some noisy background music might be good for getting me active again."
Ayaya: "If you're in a sentimental mood anyway, why not confess your love for Ayaya?"
Akihito: "Not there yet."
Ayaya: "Ayayaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Akihito: "I'll be there on Monday, don't worry――"
I was walking as I talked, so I bump into a nameless pedestrian.
Akihito: "Sorry, that was my――"
Before I finish my apology I get kicked.
Benio: "Ah."
Yoruko: "Hmph."
I wasn't expecting her. The king's unsociable, short-tempered doggy.
Benio: "Akihito, you said this girl was Yoruko-chan, right? From Gasai-kun's......"
Akihito: "What was that for!?"
Yoruko: "You're the one who bumped into me!"
Benio: "Uwa, you're already fighting......"
We glare at each other, our faces almost touching.
Akihito: "Why are you here anyway......?"
Yoruko: "Who cares? Go away."
This doggy never seems to like me, even if I feed her or stroke her.
Akihito: "......what? I just thought Gasai might've gotten mad at you for not making it to the bridge in time."
I tease her as payback for the kick.
Yoruko: "............!!"
Yoruko's face looks like the victim in a horror movie just before the vengeful spirit kills them. That must really be bothering her.
Yoruko: "I-I...had...other...things...to do...at the...party――"
Yoruko: "~~~~~~~!"
Yoruko: "Besides......you lost to Gasai even though he was going easy on you!"
Akihito: "Y-youuuu! You're not supposed to say that out loud......!"
We stomp over each other's traumas.
Yoruko: "If I was there you'd have been vaporized in an instant! Screw you!"
Akihito: "At least say burnt to a crisp or something."
Yoruko: "Screw you!!!"
Yoruko runs off without answering, indifferent to the pedestrians she's shoving aside.
Benio: "You don't have to run......"
She comes right back.
Akihito: "Huh?"
Yoruko: "Mizuwa......"
Akihito: "What? Did you drop something?"
Yoruko: "I wanted...to ask you something......"
Akihito: "What is it?"
She looks up at me, hoping for something.
Yoruko: "That night......"
Akihito: "The night we fought Gasai?"
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko: "What...did you say?"
Akihito: ""Eat dirt, king.""
Yoruko: "Not......that......"
She sounds frustrated.
Yoruko: "Since then...Itsuki's...been..."
Yoruko: "A little..."
Yoruko: "There's something I can't quite understand."
Yoruko: "He might have...changed......"
Akihito: "......"
Benio: "......"
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko: "......it's nothing."
Yoruko: "Go away. Die, insect. Out of my face."
This time Yoruko turns around and leaves for real. Her steps seem just a little softer.
Akihito: "......I see."
Did we reach Gasai in some way? I don't know.
Because I can't see his heart.
But if we did reach him, then maybe there was some meaning in our shameful loss that night.
No. There's never any meaning......
That's for everyone who sees it to decide.
Ayaya: "Did something happen, Senpai? That sounded like really noisy politics."
Akihito: "......the world's complicated, Kouhai. That's all."
The world changes, over and over.
What's right becomes wrong, and evil begets justice. The enormous monster called the world never stops spreading confusion.
Without the tool called power, we'd never get even a moment of peace.
The Round Table's kingdom will be rubble before long. Caesar's empire will come after it.
It'll probably be a little stricter than before, but also more peaceful.
The usual footbridge. An idol singing her new song on the jumbotron overhead.
Akihito: "Huh?"
The crowds split cleanly in half, revealing Kagome.
Benio: "Hi-Hinyaorinya......"
Benio snuck out of the room, so she takes a step back out of fear.
Kagome: "The date was today, wasn't it?"
Benio: "Eh?"
Akihito: "Eh? Well, umm......"
How do you know that?
Kagome: "What's a good place for a romantic date?"
She casually wraps her arm around my free arm. Benio's still holding my other arm.
She does it so naturally that Benio-san looks at her cross-eyed.
Benio: "Umm......today was......supposed to be......"
Kagome: "A date, right? Let's go."
Akihito: "Hmmm...oh well, let's go."
Benio: "Uuoh!?"
Where can you find a real hero? That's what this is about.
Heroes are courageous idiots who try to slay monsters.
To do that they need simple and clear power. Legendary swords or simple experience.
Guts and courage alone aren't actually enough to defeat anything. 
But......
If no one took that first step......
If there weren't any idiots setting foot on that futile, foolish road of near-certain death......
The monsters would never be defeated.
Someone has to walk down that path, or the other end will remain uncharted territory forever.
There has to be someone foolish enough to step forward without fear, even if all their hard work might be for nothing since there's no existing road and no guarantee that they'll reach anything.
Someone foolish and courageous.
Those are two sides of the same coin. Courage and foolishness are two ways to conquer fear.
Someone foolish has to set forth toward the edge of the world that no one can see beyond.
Their footsteps might all be wiped away by the wind and the waves.
But so what―――?
If there are people who start those journeys, there are others who watch them go.
If a hundred people watch that one person leave, there might be one more who follows them into the uncharted wastes someday.
A foolish march to the far end of the rainbow that no one wil ever reach.
A slight laugh disappears into the sky as summer approaches.
Kagome: "Now then."
Akihito: "In that case, let's start with the obvious places."
Benio: "Aaah, fine. If she's gonna be here, then let's call Mayu-Mayu and O-Haru-san too. I haven't seen Mayu-Mayu in ages anyway."
Akihito: "Isn't she busy with her job still?"
Benio: "If she is, she'll say no. We've gotta at least try!"
Akihito: "......you're such an idiot, Benio."
Kagome: "That's an insult to idiots."
Benio: "Wh-what was that for, you two!? I'm not as bad as you, Akihito. Not even close!!"
She pouts hard, pursing her lips.
A legendary hero――A story of someone following in their footsteps which have long since faded away.
That's just a fairy tale.
Heroes are another kind of dream. Death has no reason or meaning, just like the death goddess said under that gray sky.
Nothing remains when a person disappears.
Only the living can find meaning in that.
But so what―――?
If their story remains among the living......
Then their life had meaning, even if their death didn't.
Death may have no meaning, but living does.
I'll believe in that gentle fairy tale, at least for today.
Akihito: "......hm?"
Benio: "Eheheh."
A slight warmth in my left hand. Benio's fingers interlock with mine.
As if our hearts are touching through that fragile connection――
That's just an illusion.
But every day I feel these momentary fairy tales that we understand each other――
And I love them.
Benio: "Then let's get going!"
That's probably the only thing I can do.
Since there are no glass castles or pumpkin carriages here, we have to walk with our own fragile legs.
Praying that we reach a place slightly better than the one we left.
Today is yet another day where I look up at the sickeningly high sky, and we walk forward holding hands.
====================HK_01　凪の時間.json====================
The flow of time doesn't change. A single revolution of the Earth takes twenty-four hours. That basic rule hasn't changed for billions of years.
So objective time should never vary. If it ever seems like it does, that's only your body's sense of time.
That's only you, as a subject perceiving time.
We humans define how fast time moves for us.
Benio: "When they say a second feels like eternity, is that anything like waiting for someone to get out of the bathroom when you really need to go?"
Akihito: "That's not the best mental image."
Benio: "Then what would you compare it to?"
Akihito: "When I need to use the ATM, and the woman in front of me is very old and slow."
Benio: "That's far from an eternity though."
Like a shark, Benio just can't stand still. It's physically impossible. She spins around to burn off excess energy. Her short skirt twirls.
The moon peeks out over the skyline. From here, the town is dazzling yet calm.
Jack the Ripper. I don't know who gave him that name, but the serial murders that turned the city's nights red ended just as suddenly as they began.
One day, the dying simply stopped, just like the previous spree that shook this city years ago.
The police and mass media are still investigating it. His influence continues to run rampant through the back alleys in the form of rumors. The truth is never spoken.
Jack won't be coming back, since the black dragon defeated him. Thus―――
Benio: "Peaceful nights are wonderful. The lights of the city are like stars."
Her eyes sparkle like a child's.
Benio: "I guess this place is acceptable for hanging out, except in the winter of course."
Benio: "Hey, hey, Akihito, doesn't your heart beat faster in places like this?"
Akihito: "If you're having heart problems, you should go see a doctor."
Benio: "Nooo, not that.An abandoned roof. An empty mansion. A building no one knows about. They're all exciting, secret places."
We're on a roof a short distance away from the new heart. I sit down on a rusty pipe, lean against the wall, and feel the slow passage of peaceful time.
――We're a team.
We don't have much friendship, trust, or cooperation, but we are five people and a witch that live and die as one.
To keep the group running smoothly, we have two regular meetings every week.
Attendance is bad tonight. Three people are missing. Like the moon, we're half-missing.
Benio: "......we protected this town, right?"
Benio rests an elbow on the edge of the roof, her chin in her hand. Under the moonlight, the city looks like an arrangement of blue silhouettes.
Akihito: "You really are an ally of justice, Benio."
Benio: "That would be exciting."
I don't get girls.
Izawa: "You sound like little kids. If all we're going to do is chit-chat then I'm leaving."
The last member in attendance tonight is a man with no patience.
Benio: "Izawa, do you hate taking it easy? It's bad for your stomach to be so fidgety all the time."
Izawa: "How can I take it easy when I'm looking at your face? It's nauseating."
Akihito: "Try to smell the roses once in a while."
We became a coμ one day out of the blue without any choice in the matter.
At first, we were running around like headless chickens. People were trying to kill us, so we had no time to think.
Izawa: "So we're all gonna "hang out" like "friends" now that no one's coming after us?"
Akihito: "Enough with the tantrum. Are you the type who thinks humanity declines when there isn't a war for them to be fighting?"
Izawa: "......you never shut up, do you? Do you want to get killed?"
I'm completely used to this malice now. Even being stabbed by thorns gets old after a while.
I'm sure Izawa's just as lost as the rest of us. We don't know what to do with this power Girl A suddenly gave us.
It's only human to want to use power once you have it, be it a gun or a knife. If there's no opportunity to use it, you start looking for an excuse.
For all we know, Izawa could've become Jack the Ripper if we made one misstep somewhere.
He lives as a monster, rejecting the world and other people.
There were plenty of people that had a chance of losing their humanity. It could've been Izawa. It could've been anyone.
For better or worse, we're a group of five. Six, including the witch.
When you're alone, you can do whatever you want. When there are others around, not so much.
Izawa: "Has the Round Table said anything since then?"
Akihito: "Hmm? Not to me. Have you heard anything? Or you, Benio?"
Benio: "Not at all. Everything's quiet."
I gaze at the city again.
Izawa's not the only one. Benio, Haru and Mayuki all hold a heat that's difficult to describe, though it's directed differently for each of them.
No doubt the Jack the Ripper incident was a turning point for them.
We defeated Jack together as a coμ. Babylon crushed that life with its own hands.
We've used it twice now to take lives away.
The first time, we didn't know we were doing it. The second time, we chose to do it.
When you kill someone with an avatar, it doesn't feel as real, but the other person still dies.
There's no one here to judge or punish us.
Rules haven't been made, so public opinion is the only source of right and wrong.
The Coμnet has made a hero out of the black dragon that defeated the monster.
Jack the Ripper and Babylon. They both stole lives, but the results were different. What was the fine line separating their actions?
Izawa, Benio, and the other two have thought hard about the conclusion. They've crossed some kind of border.
Ever since then......
There's been a small heat inside each of them.
Benio: "It really is quiet now."
Izawa: "......more or less."
It's unusual for him to respond normally.
The Jack the Ripper incident was a turning point for the Round Table too.
The black dragon defeated Jack. It's widely known that the Round Table was supporting our actions.
They used us to deal with Jack the Ripper without staining their own hands.
But the Coμnet's reaction to those events isn't quite what they wanted.
In the end, this incident merely proved that the only way to stop violence is to control it with greater violence.
It's considered normal to think that way now.
Caesar's Legion is growing more than ever now that the worries of the masses are pushing it forward.
Caesar's Legion――An army led by the mysterious champion.A vigilante group made up of connectors.
However―――
Despite those changes, the city is quiet, as if it was empty.
This isn't the calm before a storm. No one even seems to be dueling with their avatars anymore. 
I just feel confused.
Like I'm the only one left in the courtyard after school, unsure whether I should leave or not.
Izawa: "Nothing's happening, but I still get sick of seeing all of your ugly mugs."
Akihito: "Don't cause any trouble yourself. If you get us all killed, we'll haunt your descendants."
Izawa: "What, you think you're the leader?"
Akihito: "If you don't like it, you can lead."
Benio: "Eh? That's not a great......actually, that'd be really bad."
Akihito: "I thought the same thing after I said it."
Izawa: "Ha! I wouldn't waste my time doing that even if you asked. It's perfect for a two-faced bastard like you."
Akihito: "If you think I'm perfect, then listen to what I say once in a while."
The only reason I'm taking on this responsibility is to keep myself alive.
Izawa. Haru. Mayuki. Benio. There aren't a lot of good choices there. We need someone who can keep the group together.
Coμs are governed by rules. If the avatar dies, all five humans die. We're not allowed to live or die alone.
Akihito: "......if you think peace is boring, you need to get your priorities straight."
Even when our days are bright, destruction and unfairness quietly approach. I know that better than anyone.
Izawa: "If safety is all you care about, then just lock yourself in your room."
Benio: "Izawa, is there anything you want to do?"
Izawa: "What the hell do you want to do? ......never mind, you shut up. It'd just be stupid."
He stops her before she can answer. There's no need to ask what Benio's hopes are.
Benio: "What. Did. You. Say!!?"
She pouts.
Benio: "I'm happy because the town's peaceful! 
Besides, I can find other things to do if I look......"
Benio said she wanted to be an ally of justice.
If a random monster attacked us every week, we wouldn't have to think so hard about what to fight for.
Akihito: "We were never brought together for any specific reason."
Izawa: "No one even showed up tonight. The snake is frivolous enough, but even the maid and the four-eyed frog are missing."
Benio: "Mayu-Mayu texted me in the evening. She had to work today."
Benio: "O-Haru-san......said...she was......on a date."
The five of us remain strangers to each other. We don't come together without a good reason.
Izawa: "None of us have to show up to these things. If I had something better to do, I wouldn't want to see your faces either."
Akihito: "Hearing you say that out loud kinda hurts."
I'm sick of criticizing him so I try joking instead. Our eyes meet.
Izawa: "Huh......?"
Akihito: "I said it hurts."
Izawa's face goes red. That's a new reaction.
Izawa: "A-......are you stupid!?"
He snaps.
Izawa: "What the hell are we anyway!? We're not friends or allies or anything!"
Benio: "Why are you turning red?"
Izawa: "Shut it, Ironing Board! Stay quiet!"
Benio: "Aaaah!!"
Izawa looks up at the night sky, sulking.
Slowly but surely, our relationships have been changing ever since the Jack the Ripper incident.
Benio: "Aaah! I thought we were finally friends......"
Izawa: "Ha! You're out of your damn mind."
Benio looks at the sky. The wind's a little cold. A black plane with no obstructions.
Akihito: "............"
I look up as well. A full ninety degree angle. All I see is a black sky and tiny stars.
We're right in the middle of the city, but this feels like a nighttime sea with no one around for miles.
Benio: "Any thoughts?"
She turns to me. It feels like she's hoping for something solid to cling to among these vague problems.
A reason why we've been put together.
Normal human relationships――When people are in a group, there's even less need to get clear answers for these things. Sometimes that can even make things more difficult.
Akihito: "......if you don't have any, why not make some?"
Benio: "Make them?"
Akihito: "We can find something to do ourselves."
Classmates. Acquaintances. Family.A lover whose name you shout at the center of the world――A coμ is none of those.
If we need it to have some kind of meaning, we'll just have to dig something up ourselves.
Izawa: "Huh?"
Benio: "Like......what?"
I wasn't thinking of anything, so that's a painful question. I make my brain start turning again before it turns to pudding.
Akihito: "......starting a band?"
Benio: "............"
Izawa: "............"
What's with those cold gazes? I just felt like saying it. Don't take me that seriously.
Akihito: "Build an airplane together and try to fly it?"
Izawa: "Why would we bother with that? If you wanna fly, I can just throw you over that fence."
Izawa clicks his tongue and turns around.
Izawa: "I can't take this."
Benio: "Izawa! Wait......! Everyone's thinking about this, at least try to help. Aren't we in this together?"
Izawa: "Is this group even worth keeping together?"
Akihito: "Yes, if only to minimize the risk."
Izawa: "......"
He goes quiet.
There is a reason to maintain these relationships. If any one of us steps on a landmine, we're all done for. That rule binds all of us equally.
Benio: "I think I get what you're saying, Akihito. Since we're stuck together anyway, we might as well make the most of it――Right?"
Izawa: "So it's fine as long as we have an enemy to beat up together?"
He smirks stubbornly.
Benio: "Come on, why do you keep making this about killing people?"
Akihito: "Well, what he's saying is a bit extreme, but he might be right."
Benio: "Akihito, are you sure you're not losing it?"
We're a coμ――
We weren't given an objective. All we have are five disorderly stories, each with different genres and lengths.
Some try to spin new stories with their groups.
Some with violence.
Some with reason.
Some by throwing the world away.
I haven't――We haven't chosen any of those yet.
Benio: "Aaaaah, now I just feel tired."
Akihito: "Yeah, maybe this is enough for tonight."
Izawa: "Tsk, what a waste of time."
Izawa spits out those words and disappears from the roof. He returns to the darkness of the city.
Izawa lives in a completely different habitat from me and Benio, but he's still mingling with us.
In the end, he can't truly leave this group. That simple fact is what keeps him coming.
Benio: "I was hoping for better than that."
Akihito: "What do you mean?"
Benio: "I thought you might take control and give us a clear direction."
Akihito: "You want me to actually lead on top of keeping us all together? That's too much."
We were given power in the form of an avatar, but no target to knock down with it.
Inevitably, the way we live is affected by the path that's been set for us.
Like Gasai, for instance.
We're not allowed to live or die alone. The weight is just too heavy.
Akihito: "I'm just a prophet of democracy. I'm not a fan of any other political structure."
Benio: "Buuu."
Akihito: "By the way, have you eaten yet?"
Benio: "Will you treat me?"
Akihito: "If you're fine with a family restaurant."
Benio: "I'm in."
She pulls my hand. Benio's smile blooms like a flower. This isn't bad.
Benio: "Hey, Akihito."
Akihito: "Hm?"
Benio: "Are we just two people from a group of six?"
She surprises me, as if she just read my mind. She sounds rather aggressive as well. Our connected fingers feel sticky.
Akihito: "Is that how you feel?"
Benio: "I just mean... what if something bad happens?"
Akihito: "I don't like trying to plan for those situations."
Benio: "Because I'm not your favorite?"
Akihito: "......sorry, we can plan."
We don't have a path prepared for us. We can't see where our predecessors are heading. Yet staying still makes us just as uneasy.
Kugura: "If you're with us, no one will be able to attack you without consequences. I think it's a good deal for you."
Gasai: "I'd like to have you for myself, Mizuwa Akihito."
We had other options. We didn't take them.
I don't know if that was the right choice.
Invisible paths.Invisible enemies.
A meaning for the power we were given.A reason for the five of us to be connected.
The vague questions continue bearing down on me in the calm air.My unease grows, carrying with it a hazy regret. 
The warmth of Benio's hand in mine. Even that feels distant somehow.
====================HK_02　仮面の独白.json====================
The city resembles a whimsical painter's canvas. A never-ending supply of new brushes paint over the existing image with new colors.
Each time the city dies and is then reborn. Old things are blotted out and forgotten. Evolution and change are built atop annihilation of the old.
But the past doesn't die, even if you wipe it out and seal it away. It never stops coming back to life and seeking revenge, not so long as someone remembers it.
The darkness of night wipes away the city's deceptions for a brief moment.
A throbbing scar. A breathing curse.
A story from only five years ago.
Back then, unprecedented destruction tore through the city. Time passed, and the broken buildings have come back to life. However, the people's time remains stopped.
The wounds and curses carved into their hearts.
Time hasn't healed them. Instead, it's allowed them to swell, fester, and rot.
All ye wounded souls, the time of revenge is upon ye.
Let's prepare for the banquet. Let's show them all to each other.
Show the depth of the scars.Show the strength of the curses.
And then, play the unharmonious noise, the truth of our daily lives filled with deception.
The time of revenge has come for thee――
====================HK_03　転校生.json====================: "Where do you want to go?"
Akihito: "Where......?"
The usual classroom. The usual classmates.
Our "normal life" refers to those spans of time that, for the most part, lack change.
Akihito: "Fuaaa......"
I stifle a yawn.
There's a blank space on the window side of the room. Kagome isn't here today.
Since the classroom has no heretics, it can rejoice over normality even more than usual.
Heretics always break the world.
The "world" is none other than the boundary line used to keep "different" things out.
Hisoka: "――――"
Come to think of it, there is one difference. A new figure sitting one seat in front of me.
Soejima Hisoka, the transfer student.
She doesn't stand out much here. She has hardly any presence at all.
Thus, the class behaves the same as usual.
Lunch break. I escape to the usual place.
A change has occurred in the sanctuary I call the "roof."
Akihito: "There's two of them......"
Two roof-dwelling life forms. The first is Kururi. The second――
Hisoka: "Ah."
Soejima sits on the bench, holding her knees.
I thought she was quiet and inconspicuous, so this behavior is surprising.
Akihito: "I see......"
Kururi: "What?"
Akihito: "The territory negotiations happened peacefully behind closed doors."
Kururi and Soejima share a single bench. I guess roof-dwelling organisms don't like conflict.
Hisoka: "She's a good person."
Kururi: "Oh, stop."
Akihito: "......somehow, that makes sense."
I'm not sure exactly how, but Soejima does feel kinda similar to Kururi.
They both sunbathe on the bench like feral cats.
Kururi: "Booo......"
Hisoka: "Booo......"
Now what? The space feels awkward in an unprecedented and mysterious way.
Our group is affected tremendously by Soejima's arrival.
Akihito: "You like roofs?"
For now, I try penetrating their airspace in a relatively safe manner.
Hisoka: "I like the sky. I like places where I can see the sky."
Akihito: "This is the highest place in the school."
Hisoka: "That's what I figured."
Akihito: "I see. Your actions are quite logical. Did you like the roof at your last school too?"
Hisoka: "Yes. Do you like roofs too, Onii-san?"
Akihito: "I guess you're not so good at remembering names."
Hisoka: "Mizuwa Akihito."
Akihito: "You did know it?"
Hisoka: "Names are inconvenient."
Akihito: "......to learn?"
Hisoka: "――To forget."
For some reason, those words hit me quite hard.
Kururi: "Now then......
I think I should get going."
Kururi slowly gets up. There's still time before the bell rings.
Akihito: "Where are you going?"
Kururi: "The born sleuth Kururi-chan always goes where truths lie hidden."
Akihito: "And you've decided no truths lie in your next class?"
Kururi: "It's such a waste of time asking things you already know."
Akihito: "Bathroom?"
Kururi: "Kyaaa! Pervert!"
There's no moe whatsoever in that voice.
Akihito: "At least show some shred of shame."
Kururi: "All resources are finite. Keep labor and expenses to a minimum. Thus, see you tomorrow."
Kururi disappears down the stairs without a wave goodbye.
Akihito: "She left early."
Hisoka: "Truant."
Akihito: "It's not quite that simple."
Hisoka: "How so?"
Akihito: "She's a super-detective."
Hisoka: "......"
Time hurts.
Akihito: "Understand?"
She quietly tilts her head to one side. I guess that's the natural reaction.
Akihito: "She disappears sometimes. We once even thought she was dead for a while."
Those memories are still fresh.
She's made her safe return to society now, but I'm still worried she'll stroll into another minefield. 
Hisoka: "............"
Akihito: "............"
Three minus one is two. Kururi leaves me and Soejima on the bench.
But human relationships are strange, so that equation doesn't necessarily hold.
Our first meeting was very abnormal because of Kagome, but I've had no real contact with Soejima since then.
The barriers to mutual understanding aren't an impenetrable fortress, but they still boast considerable strength.
Akihito: "Ummm......"
Soejima Hisoka hasn't stood out once in the classroom since her transfer. She's not blending in. She just doesn't make much of an impact to begin with.
She's blunt, like a foreign traveler asking for shelter after a long journey.
Akihito: "Soejima, where did you live before?"
I try asking.
It feels weird trying to get the transfer student to open up, like I'm the class rep in a school drama or something.
Hisoka: "Takakura City."
Akihito: "Eh? Here?"
She nods with a clear face. I guess I heard right.
Akihito: "So......a different ward?"
This isn't the only school in the city.
Hisoka: "I've been absent for five years."
Akihito: "......were you in the hospital or something?"
At our age, five years feels like an impassable gap.
Is that why she seems a little removed from the world?
Hisoka: "The girl who traveled through time."
Akihito: "Huh? The anime?"
I vaguely remember a big hit with a name like that.
Hisoka: "Me."
She points toward her chin.
Akihito: "Five years."
Hisoka: "Yes, five years."
Akihito: "Five years......"
Five years――
I feel like something reared its head in the corner of my mind. I don't know what it is.
It's not bright or fun. It's a dark, twisted memory.
If nothing else, it's not the sort of thing I should be remembering under this bright blue sky.
Hisoka: "Thinking?"
Akihito: "Me?"
Hisoka: "You looked like you were."
She looks like she isn't interested in other people, but she's surprisingly sharp. I guess she isn't normally spacing out under the sun like this.
And I shouldn't have let my feelings appear on my face, even for a moment.
It'd be unnatural to pretend she's wrong, so I search for a safe answer.
Akihito: "There's been a problem with my group lately."
Hisoka: "Yeah, yeah."
Akihito: "If you must know, that's what I was thinking about."
Hisoka: "So what is it?"
Akihito: "Hmmm, well, nothing unusual. We're having trouble getting together, so we were thinking we need something new and exciting."
Hisoka: "In that case......"
Soejima's eyes slowly turn away from the blue sky and toward me sitting next to her.
Hisoka: "I think you should stop hanging out with them."
Akihito: "We can't really do that. There's a reason why we have to all stick together."
Hisoka: "......in that case......"
Like a perfect replay of the last time she said it, without a single change in her expression.
Hisoka: "Do something. You can't move because you're relying on others to move."
Akihito: "............"
Hisoka: "Just waiting by yourself......"
Hisoka: "It's painful."
Hisoka: "Very painful."
Even those words have no passion in them. And yet, that confession of dry words lingers in my ears.
====================HK_04-05　伊沢家の日常.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "......how should I know?"
Keiko: "See you later, Nii-chan."
Izawa: "Make sure you lock the door."
Keiko: "I know, I'm not a little kid."
Izawa: "Yes you are."
Keiko: "I'm taller than you, Nii-chan."
Izawa: "Tsk, you can argue like an adult."
What a waste.
He looks up at the lit windows with both unease and certainty in his heart. A 2LDK apartment housing a single family.
Izawa has three sisters. They're not that well-off.
A worn-down apartment. Cracks run through the paint on the walls. They look like chains tying everyone to the building.
The phone rings. Izawa's night begins.
Izawa: "――We'll do the deal as planned. Nothing to worry about."
Izawa: "Retribution from the Russian? You're still worried about that?"
Izawa lives in the night. When climbing through the ranks here, your raw power acts as your business card.
Izawa has power now. Absolute, isolated, demonic power.
Izawa: "If anything happens, I'll take care of it. That's right, I'll do it myself."
Izawa: "Yeah, even if they bring a tank. It won't be a problem."
The other man laughs through the electromagnetic waves. It was just a joke that anyone could laugh off.――Unless you were a connector.
He hangs up. After walking less than ten feet, he remembers something and takes out his phone again.
Keiko: "Yes, this is Izawa."
Izawa: "It's me."
Keiko: "Nii-chan, what's wrong?"
Izawa: "Did the pipsqueaks go to bed yet?"
Keiko: "Of course they did. You called just for that? You're such a worrywart."
Izawa: "Idiot. It's my fault if anything happens to them."
Keiko: "But Mom has a phone too."
Izawa: "Don't trust that bitch."
Keiko: "Nii-chan......"
Izawa: "Anyway, call me first if anything happens."
Keiko: "Yeah, I know."
Izawa: "Fucking――"
He spits as he curses. The saliva flies into the crowd, hitting someone's shoe.
Man: "Hey, you."
Izawa doesn't recognize the man's face. He's drunk and has a woman with him, so he's acting tough.
Man: "Watch out, short stuff."
The man has the worst timing in the world. Izawa steps forward with a savage smile, but the man continues looking down on him confidently.
He's more than twenty centimeters taller. He can't hide the fact that he's underestimating Izawa.
Izawa: "You've heard of zebras, right? Do you think they have white stripes on black, or black stripes on white?"
Man: "What?"
Man: "Gueh!?"
A perfect bulls-eye. The tip of his leather shoe digs into the man's chest.
A flawless surprise attack. Their difference in stature meant nothing.
The woman gives a piercing shriek. The man crouches down, defeated.
Man: "I'm sorry, please don't――"
The man begs with a purple face. Izawa's in far too bad of a mood to let him slide that easily.
Izawa: "Learn your place."
He raises his heel.
The woman shouts anew as Izawa's foot comes down on the man's lowered head.
The man's face is a sandwich between the asphalt road and the leather shoe.
Izawa: "Keh!"
He spits again and walks off. His bad mood hasn't gone away.
But the looks of fear from the masses cheered him up. The terror of others proves his power is real.
The woman wails in front of the immobilized man. A woman of the night.
Izawa remembers a similar woman.
A woman who always makes anger rise up inside him.
She was deceived by good-for-nothing men over and over, but never learned any better. That foolishness frustrated him.
The worst part was that she was his mother.
A truth he hasn't been able to hide ever since he was born. The hell called family.
To Izawa, blood relatives are just connections that bring him anger and melancholy."I'm alone. I won't rely on anyone. That way, no one can deceive me."
――Unlike my mother.
He's been living only for himself, cut off from the rest of the world, neither depending on nor being bound by any other person.
A complete existence, containing all it needs to survive. That's Izawa's ideal.
Izawa: "――"
He remembers a single woman. Hinaori Kagome.
She irritates him. The illogical animosity he feels toward her is close to jealousy.
Kagome is alone. She's cut off from the world. She'll probably live her whole life alone and die the same way.
He knew the first time he met her. That is his ideal. That's what he wants.
Which is why......
He despises Kagome, and the man named Mizuwa that she protects. He finds all of them detestable.
Before he knows it, he's fiddling with his phone again.
Keiko: "......hello, this is Izawa."
Izawa: "You're still awake? Get to bed already."
Keiko: "You woke me up by calling, Nii-chan!"
Izawa: "......I see."
Keiko: "Aaah, if you're that worried, then don't go outside in the first place."
Izawa: "Well, that's true, but......I have work......"
Keiko: "You're doing something dangerous again, aren't you?"
Izawa: "I-it's not like that."
Keiko: "Sounds fishy~"
Izawa: "I'm hanging up now."
Keiko: "Nii-chan, you're dodging the question~"
Izawa: "Huu......geez."
Once again, Izawa is alone. He travels deep into the business district.
Every so often, he closes and opens his empty hand, as if checking whether there's something there.
―――Babylon.
What he wanted. What he wished for. A ticket to the edge of the world.
He has a truly incomparable power, but now he's not sure what to do with it.
Izawa: "Dammit......!"
It'd be easy to let the irritation control him and start destroying everything in sight, but then he'd be no different from Jack the Ripper.
Where should he go? He doesn't know. And that's why Izawa wanders around the city with an undying heat.
He believed he could fly wherever he wanted once he got power. But when power came down to him, it merely became a new kind of chain.
Five bullets are loaded into the steel dragon. The unshakeable truth is that Izawa's just one of them.
Waves of frustration approach him, then recede.
He's tied down by others. He has to rely on others to live, just like his detestable mother.
Izawa: "―――Fuck this."
Izawa spits and goes deeper into the business district.
He's heading for a club. A source of information on the Coμnet.
The clue he's after is here.
Izawa: "Now――What's going to come out?"
A tense smile still covers Izawa's face.
====================HK_04　皮膚感覚.json====================
Akihito: "That smells good. Is it our dinner?"
Frying sounds and smells from the kitchen stimulate my stomach.
Benio: "Tonight, Benio-san will use all her skill to prepare your dinner. It's mentaiko pasta with plenty of seaweed."
Lately my household's cooking duty has been rotating between Kagome and Benio.
Jack the Ripper destroyed Benio's room, so she moved here temporarily.
Even now that he's been taken care of, no one's in a hurry to change the situation.
Benio: "......I've been imposing on you for ages. At least let me do this."
Eheheh, she laughs awkwardly.
She looks for new places once in a while, but nothing has jumped out at her yet.
Akihito: "That does look good, but eating this late at night is fattening."
Benio: "I won't get fat! They're not getting any smaller! Those are lines I will never, ever cross!"
Akihito: "No one said anything about that."
Benio is very sensitive to words like "fatten" and "shrink."
Benio: "I-I see......"
Benio: "But Akihito, I still can't believe how quickly you resort to microwave food when no one's cooking for you."
Akihito: "I'm just inherently lazy."
Benio: "This olive oil is low on acid, so it's good for your body."
She's fifty times more serious now (compared to other leading heroines).
Akihito: "Yeah, sounds like one of those magical marketing phrases. Health must be humanity's final religion."
Benio: "I know, it really is. But girls always need a new god."
Another follower of the new cult of dieting.
Akihito: "By the way, Benio, have you heard anything from O-Haru-san or Mayuki?"
Benio: "We text each other every so often. Gotta keep in contact, and girls love telling each other secrets."
Secret conversations. An enticing phrase.
Benio: "But I haven't seen them all week. From what I hear, they're both busy with work......I'd really like to see Mayu-Mayu's face again though."
We may be connected by the dragon, but we're still different people.
Even the risks tying us together don't feel as dangerous, now that we're used to them.
Benio: "Things have been really quiet lately. I almost can't believe all the BKs we had to fight."
It's too recent to reminisce about.
Just a little while ago, we were fighting for our lives.
But now all that tension is gone, as if the threads pulling us forward were cut.
Benio: "What do you think, Akihito? I'm getting worried, like something might happen at any moment. Am I just paranoid?"
Akihito: "Thank you for the opinion of justice. Do you want to go looking for an evil secret society up to no good?"
Benio: "Stop.Mock.Ing.Meee!"
Akihito: "There's nothing wrong with being paranoid. You never know what might happen in this world."
Benio: "Akihito, you say things like that a lot."
Benio: "Did something happen to you?"
Akihito: "......"
She's strangely sharp.
Benio: "If you're worried about something, could we help somehow?"
Akihito: "Who's "we?""
Benio: "Us. Aren't we friends? People say two heads are better than one, so six heads might be better than two."
Benio's so straightforward my eyes hurt. She has so much good will, kindness, and justice that it's almost overbearing.
I should feel gloomy, but I'm not annoyed enough to lecture her.
Part of me is accepting her.
Our coμ. A group unified by necessity, with no friendship or trust to base it on.
But still......
Benio refers to us as friends and allies like it's nothing.
Have I gotten too far into this? It's too late to regret it now.
I have secrets I don't want anyone to know about.
I'm not regretting anything. I can't do that. I've just been lost ever since then because I couldn't find an answer to that question.
―――What should I have done?
All people are alone, but it's hard to live by yourself.
Akihito: "Come to think of it, what's the Coμnet like at the moment?"
Benio: "......muu."
A clear redirection of the conversation. Benio purses her lips, but she follows along.
Akihito: "First answer: Seriously, it's nothing. Don't worry."
Benio: "All right, second answer: Something seems odd."
Akihito: "Agreed, though I have no idea what's odd about it."
Something is happening somewhere.
The calm air is the sign of a beginning, not an end. Something other than logic makes me feel that way.
Benio: "How to put it......have you ever felt this way when you were a kid?"
The smell of mentaiko. Benio's voice.
Benio: "Like when you changed classrooms or went on a field trip or something, you got the location wrong so you ended up all by yourself."
That's a strangely fitting analogy. As the situation changes, I do feel like I'm being left behind.
Akihito: "Abandon the internet and go see the city."
Some famous guy said that.
Benio: "Where'd that come from?"
Akihito: "A classmate said something similar."
Benio: "Hmmm."
The lack of warmth in her voice makes me feel down.
Benio: "It was a girl, right?"
Akihito: "......no comment."
Girls' intuition is exceptionally illogical. The fact that it's accurate is very irritating.
Not that I was trying to hide that or anything.
I try forcing the conversation back.
Akihito: "So maybe we need to actively do something while we think. Let's see where the wind takes us."
Benio: "You mean go on a late-night walk?"
Akihito: "Pretty much."
Yoshimori. Kururi.
They were both in danger a while ago. I made mistakes both times. I should have been able to handle those incidents better.
They worked out in the end because we got lucky. Those errors could easily have been fatal.
―――I remember the red color.
If any of us screw up, we all die together. My position as "leader" shouldn't mean anything, but its weight is making my stomach churn.
I feel like I'm doing something that doesn't suit me at all.
Benio: "Can I come along?"
Akihito: "Nah, the pasta will get cold."
Benio: "Okay, tell me if you find anything or if something bad happens."
Akihito: "Got it."
I leave the kitchen. I feel eyes on me. Aloof black hair standing on the veranda.
Kagome: "Take it."
She slowly holds out a polished kukri knife. It has an overly dangerous glow under the fluorescent light.
Akihito: "No......I don't need it."
I take a deep breath and refuse.
Kagome: "You don't feel safe with Sanrou-kun? Then how about Sakurako-san?"
She pulls out an even longer one.
Akihito: "I'd get caught before I even had a chance to defend myself. I'm not going into a jungle."
Kagome: "There are no jungles in Japan. You have no common sense at all, Akihito."
Akihito: "You're the last person I want to hear that from."
Kagome: "Don't whine. Sakurako-san's just as powerful in urban combat."
Akihito: "That's not the......umm, I really can't see myself getting in a situation where I would need that."
Kagome: "Cities aren't necessarily safer than jungles."
In Kagome's mind, Takakura City is a city of crime. Like Kowloon City or the South Bronx. Arguably, she's not wrong.
Akihito: "If an avatar shows up, having a knife won't help me."
Kagome: "What about a pretty girl guardian?"
She chews on one of her beloved dietary supplements without the slightest tension.
Akihito: "No......not for now."
I ignore the details I disagree with. I wouldn't last one day with her if I let those things bother me.
Akihito: "Bye."
Kagome: "I'll wait in your room."
Akihito: "......why?"
Kagome: "It's part of my job as your partner."
Akihito: "Umm......I have no idea what that......"
Kagome's logical leaps are such genius I can't hope to follow them.
Kagome: "You always are a shameless man, Akihito. If I say I'll wait, then I'll wait. Let's go."
Akihito: "......I see. Okay then."
Kagome: "I request a locally-produced cheesecake. I'll settle for one from the Ujiya at the station."
Akihito: "Don't say that with your mouth full."
Those diet supplements are completely wasted on her.
====================HK_05　夜の街で.json====================
An ether of release fills Friday evening. It's as if the entire town is drunk. It's not the same heat that people give off.
Joy. Solidarity. Rage. Sorrow. There are people inside the crucible of emotions. Everyone joins the herd, but everyone is alone.
Cashier: "Thank you very much. Two rare cheesecakes for 800 yen."
Akihito: "Extra ice packs, please."
I wasn't expecting this expense. Sadly I have to buy a second one, not just Kagome's. The possibilities that 800 yen could buy pass through my mind.
Akihito: "Now then......"
The cake shop closes at 9 PM, so I wanted to get this out of the way quickly.
I realize my mistake only after paying. Fancy wrapping paper giving off a sweet smell.
It seems very silly to head into the city at night while carrying this thing.
I throw myself into the fast river of people, heading toward the new heart.
Information has mass, like any other object.
The light information is dubious. The heavy stuff――It sinks closer to the truth, where it's hard to see.
The surface of the city is always filled with rumors drifting aimlessly, like tropical fish with scales of lies and wishes that sparkle in the sunlight.
The opposite of rumor is fact. Heavy, grotesque, unadulterated facts, like dark, deep sea fish.
Thus, the more reliable the information, the deeper in the city it gathers.
Akihito: "Uwaaa, I really should not be here."
Before I know it, I end up walking down a narrow road with neon lights so bright it hurts.
I haven't come down here much. This may be the same district as Izalone, but it's a completely different area.
The humidity is quite high here. The shops and the people smell more loose and deep.
In that ether, I wander around like a foreigner.
Man's Voice: "――You brat!"
A brief shout and a breaking sound. Deep in the darkness, I see the sign of an adult DVD shop. They probably sell some illegal stuff too.
The entrance to that building. A blood-soaked man rolls down the stairs.
A shocking pink sign breaks apart before my eyes. A piece of plastic bounces off my shoe.
Akihito: "......whoa."
My curiosity overcomes my sense of self-preservation. I step over the man's body (he's not dead) and up to the second floor.
Man: "My money's all in the register......but I should warn you――"
A man with piercings is bent over like a lobster. Someone else is kicking him in the knees mercilessly――
Izawa: "Is your brain missing? How many times do I need to tell you this isn't a robbery?"
I know him.
Akihito: "Y-you――"
Izawa: "――You!"
Izawa's eyes widen.
The tiny shop is packed full of shelves of porn DVDs, which are now scattered everywhere as if it was just bombed. I think I can imagine what happened here.
Izawa: "What the hell are you doing?"
Akihito: "Likewise. What on Earth are you doing?"
Izawa: "......you can't tell?"
Akihito: "Visually, it appears to be a robbery."
Izawa: "You wanna go back down to the first floor?"
Akihito: "Try explaining yourself with words for once, animal."
I notice the floor below is getting noisy. The people living nearby must have picked up on the noise. I can't stay here long.
Akihito: "Let's head outside. Things will get bad if we stay."
Izawa: "Tsk!"
He turns around after clicking his tongue. As one would expect, he leaves the battlefield rapidly. He's very used to this. I follow after him.
Izawa: "I didn't get to ask him anything."
Akihito: "I'd appreciate it if you explained what that was about......actually, you'd better explain it."
Izawa: "Tsk, I didn't think you'd be here of all places."
Akihito: "You are so......you keep causing three times more trouble than everyone else. You're a walking time bomb."
At least some bombs don't explode until you trigger the detonator.
The road is full of onlookers because of all the noise.
Izawa and I manage to break through them, then we head for a wider, brighter street.
Akihito: "――――"
I see someone in my wavering vision. It freezes my mind, and my feet stop.
Between the bright light and the shadows, a single face appears for just a moment, even more out of place than myself.
Izawa: "What? You don't want the explanation?"
Izawa turns around.
Akihito: "Sorry, something came up. Please tell me later."
Izawa: "Self-centered bastard."
Akihito: "11 PM, on the hill."
I watch him nod after he clicks his tongue again. I leave Izawa and turn back into the darkness.――Into the bottom of the city, where I saw that face.
Man 1: "There! That's the guy he was with!"
Man 2: "Grab him!"
Some men run toward me.
Akihito: "Crap!?"
I screwed up. I didn't expect them to come chasing me. Come to think of it, the guy in that shop said he wanted to warn us about something.
Akihito: "Crap crap crap crap."
I start walking faster, then eventually run. My vision shakes like a camera in my hands as I turn several corners.
I feel like a mouse running into a paper bag, but this still doesn't feel life-threatening.
I'm still protected by an absolute power.
The guys chasing me are probably hired thugs. They won't be able to compete with the steel dragon.
Akihito: "Did I lose them? ――Tobuha!?"
I turn around to find the sole of a safety boot slamming into my face.
Akihito: "Gyafun!"
I catch myself on the asphalt before my head hits the ground. That was close. Three centimeters from becoming road splatter.
Touri: "......that was close. I nearly crashed into you."
Akihito: "You just kicked me......"
Touri: "A rapid counterattack to prevent crashing headfirst into you."
This woman is like a gun barrel. Her beautiful features inspire chills rather than manly desires. My bones are telling me she's a heretic.
Just a moment ago, I deluded myself into thinking avatars were absolute――Right here is an even greater monster, who can obliterate avatars with her bare hands.
A goddess of death, using heretical powers which operate under heretical rules.―――Hasekura Touri.
I'm bumping into a lot of unexpected people tonight.
Akihito: "Why not dodge me completely or hug me out of maternal instinct or something?"
Touri: "Sorry, I didn't think that through at all."
She hasn't been equipped with kindness.
Touri: "So, how long are you going to lie on the ground?"
Akihito: "......so much for having you help me up."
I pick myself up. My palms are wet with sweat. She almost killed me once before.
The woman dressed in black approaches me. My palms continue sweating.
Touri: "Farewell, boy. Enjoy your night."
She walks by. Nothing at all happened to me.
Akihito: "............"
The depths of the city. I met Izawa and Touri here, and if my eyes didn't deceive me, one more――
Something new has started happening, whether or not we're watching it, whether or not we're even there to notice it. The world is still dizzyingly fast.
When I turn around one more time――Touri has melted into the darkness of the city.
====================HK_06　アバターギグ.json====================
The wind blows beneath the stars. Even the artificial lights of the city don't reach us here on the outskirts of the human kingdom.
Concrete tombstones abandoned for all eternity. We walk between them like squirming grave robbers.――On top of the hill.
I asked to meet here only because I felt like this. This is where we began. In a sense, it's a special place for us.
The locals consider this place haunted. No one comes here unless they're deliberately seeking poltergeists.
That makes it a perfect place for connectors to gather away from prying eyes.
Izawa: "Here it is."
Izawa holds up a black DVD case.
No clever artwork or catch phrases. The inorganic branding consists solely of a title and a number."GIG 05"
Akihito: "What does that――?"
This is what the mad dog was sniffing out. It suits the roof of this abandoned, slightly cold building surprisingly well.
Benio: "I-......is that the...what you were just......?"
Benio fidgets a lot, unable to get all the words out.
Haru: "Is that what you got at the adult video place?"
She says it clearly instead.
Benio: "Gyaaa! O-O-Haru-san, don't say that so casually!!"
She freaks out with a bright red face.
Mayuki: "Adult videos are so last century. At least call them adult DVDs."
Mayuki is also merciless.
Haru: "Maybe it's an illegal one. I hear ones with very young girls are rare and valuable these days."
Mayuki: "That's a very inappropriate genre for this season, just as you'd expect from S-rank pervert Akihito-san."
Akihito: "Stop dragging out that joke so much. And what does S-rank mean?"
Izawa: "............"
Kagome isn't here, but other than her, all five of us are here for the first time in a while. Our stupid conversations start almost immediately.
Izawa hits the boiling point very quickly. He stands in the loose air like an unsheathed knife.
Izawa: "I'm heading home."
Benio: "Noooo, wait, wait."
Benio hurriedly pulls a laptop out of her bookbag. She brought it here from my room. It's thin, but it has a DVD drive.
Benio: "Seeing is believing, right? Let's see what's on that DVD."
Benio tends to move without thinking, but that's important at times like this.
Izawa: "The first time I saw this was in an underground club in the new heart."
The nameless silver platter takes in the disk and begins spinning. The sound resembles a groaning insect.
Izawa: "Some dumbass on drugs was dancing around with this thing playing on the big screen behind him."
An image appears on the LCD screen.
It's dark. The roof of a building somewhere, just like the one we're on now.
Izawa: "Here it is."
Enormous outlines. Two of them. They stand a distance apart from each other.
The low resolution image is filled with animosity.
The will to step forward, bite into and tear apart the enemy's windpipe. That strong, nefarious energy is now filling the screen.
Benio: "Those are......"
Under the stars, with the LCD screen's backlight, our eyes are glued to it like a curse.
Multiple legs crawling along the ground. A giant reaching up to the heavens. The fantasies materialize, clothed in steel――
Mayuki: "Avatars......right?"
Haru: "Was this......taken secretly?"
Izawa: "Listen. This fight was planned."
Izawa's finger points to one part of the dark background.
It's packed with several people.
This isn't the city. They're clearly far away from here. It's obvious they can't just be here by coincidence.
It's an audience.
Akihito: "Is this......a duel?"
That's the first word that comes to mind.
Akihito: "They're bringing people together to watch avatars fight? Is that what's going on?"
Izawa nods.
Izawa: "I see your eyes still work. Apparently, these are called "avatar gigs.""
Benio: "Avatar gigs――"
Gigs. A slang word for live concerts, especially small-scale or obscure ones.
Haru: "These people can't all be connectors, right?"
Izawa: "Of course not. Most of them are normal."
Mayuki: "The monster sightings on the normal internet have been a lot more concrete than usual lately. The obvious trolls aren't as common......"
Mayuki: "It's gotten to the point where people are exchanging information with the assumption that avatars are real."
Avatars――Ghosts of Takakura City. A legend that's still happening here and now. Steel monsters kill each other on a daily basis.
It's not shown on television. It's not written about in newspapers. But the number of witnesses is growing.
Back in the Shouwa era this would've been just an urban legend, but now that everyone's connected by the internet, it won't die that easily.
Benio: "......where was this taken?"
Benio looks up as the trance music plays through the speakers.
Izawa: "I was working my way through the staff at the club, and I was going to ask the guys at the shop where they got this, but......"
So he wasn't able to pin it down. I don't know who planned this, but they must have put some effort into keeping it secret.
On the screen, the giant and the insect begin their fight. The trance music feels like it'll break my head open.
Akihito: "One thing I just noticed."
Benio: "Huh?"
I look at the black case again.
Akihito: "It says GIG 05 on the side. Does that mean this is the fifth time they've done this?"
Izawa: "Exactly."
The audience is going wild, as if this is what they were waiting for. This isn't their first time seeing it.
Izawa: "Plus, they appear to be betting on it."
Some text scrolls across the screen about the two avatars. Codenames. Special moves. Betting odds.
Haru: "Gambling on avatar fights? I don't know who thought of this, but it's insane."
As always, it's a little hard to tell how Haru feels about anything.
Benio: "This explains a lot, though......if they're doing events like this in secret, that might be why we don't hear about as many random fights these days."
There are plenty of coμs who don't know what to do with their power.
A place to point their newfound weapons――Wandering bullets brought together through some illogical fate.
They were granted power, but no target to destroy with it.
These gigs are goals that Girl A never gave them.
When someone gains power, the first thing they want to do is try it out. When they gain confidence through use, the next thing they want to do is compete with others――And win.
The gigs satisfy both desires at once.
Izawa: "There are bookies if you wanna place a bet yourself."
Haru: "Does someone organize these events?"
Mayuki: "No doubt he's sitting behind a mahogany desk with a cigarette in his mouth, counting money with one hand and holding a voluptuous secretary with the other. And there's tiger skin on the floor."
What kind of Bond villain is that? And why are you imagining such things at your age?
Benio: "Izawa, what do you plan to do about it?"
Izawa: "I don't like that they're hiding this. If someone's making money off it, he's going down."
He shows us a ferocious smile. That's Izawa's usual face.
Mayuki: "You need a magnanimous attitude to get through life."
Benio: "But......this doesn't have any contact information or anything."
Haru: "It is underground after all. They wouldn't put that stuff on there."
The avatar fight continues on the small LCD screen.
The sounds of destruction from my laptop's pitiful speakers have far less impact than a fighting game.
But......this is reality.
Two fantasies jam their claws into each other. Somewhere, there are people who share these avatars' fates. Ten people just like us who get loaded into them.
They're fighting each other.
Akihito: "It's done converting the video to MPEG. Anyone want a copy?"
Mayuki and Haru raise their hands at the same time.
Mayuki: "This is getting interesting."
Haru: "Men and life aren't much fun without a bit of excitement."
Mayuki and Haru are both attracted by the idea of the avatar gigs.
The coμs in the video aren't the only ones lacking an outlet.
We don't have a target to shoot down either.
My instincts sound the alarm. It's dangerous to let this heat control us.
If we see food on the ground and walk over to it, we may very well step on landmines in the process.
Akihito: "Mayuki, O-Haru-san, don't do anything by yourselves."
Mayuki: "Don't worry. We'll make you do the dangerous stuff, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "I'm not sure that's any better, Mayu-Mayu-kun."
Mayuki: "I keep telling you I'm not Mayu-Mayu, I'm Mayuki......"
Akihito: "Okay――Now."
I make copies for everyone.
――Then I notice Benio's been silent for a while.
Akihito: "Come to think of it, we haven't heard from you, Benio."
Benio: "Eh?"
She looks like a duck during a hail of BB rounds.
Benio: "Aaah......well, I'm not opposed to it or anything. They're fighting each other fairly and everything. It doesn't seem like they're doing anything wrong......"
Her words are positive, but she doesn't sound like it. This doesn't seem like her.
Akihito: "We can look into it more before making any decisions."
She looks a little brighter after I make that suggestion.
Benio: "That's true."
The five of us on the hill. Together for the first time in ages. The fight between the beasts continues.
====================HK_07　カゴメさんといっしょ.json====================
I face the monitor, sipping my coffee.
Kagome's in her usual walking superweapon outfit. Just one shirt over her bare skin.
The avatar gig plays in the background.
Kagome: "What a foolish spectacle."
A terse voice of judgment.
Kagome: "If you're going to fight, keep going until someone dies."
Akihito: "That's your complaint?"
Kagome has all sorts of talents, but she is missing a few things. Common sense. A conscience. Compassion.
I've been wondering this for a while, but what the hell is wrong with her?
Kagome: "There's nothing more laid back than a fight where you can stop before dying."
Akihito: "If you say so. But like you said, this is just a spectacle."
There's always a price for entertainment like this. Are the participating coμs getting anything for it? I assume money, given all the gambling.
Kagome: "So these guys are shameless clowns satisfying the childish desires of the crowd. Akihito, you'd be great at this."
Kagome produces tons of poison, but her logic is accurate. Fighting gains value when done before a crowd. There's an incentive to proclaim one's might in an underground fighting ring.
Akihito: "......they've put a lot of thought into this."
After seeing this much of it, that's the feeling I get. This event is running far too smoothly to be run by amateurs. Who exactly is running it?
Kagome: "I don't like it."
Akihito: "It does seem like the city's safer now that the violent coμs are doing this instead. Maybe it's a good thing."
Kagome: "Not that, Akihito. You still haven't brought my cake."
Akihito: ".................."
Kagome is always loyal to her own desires, regardless of the situation.
I take the cheesecake out of the fridge.
I deserve some serious praise for keeping this thing intact during all that commotion. If I left it behind I'd be dead now.
Kagome: "It's fake."
The corners of Kagome's lips rise coldly as her cheeks fill with cake. The smile of a devil.
Kagome: "This farce is nothing like a real fight. What's the value in a duel with no stakes?"
Akihito: "The crowd's loving it."
Kagome: "That's yet another reason I don't like it."
Akihito: "Are you going through a rebellious phase?"
Kagome: "They're getting excited and even impressed by a fight between others. These riffraff are beyond saving."
Kagome: "Fighting is about more than physical combat. People fight because they encounter obstacles in the pursuit of personal growth."
Her black eyes glance through the monitor as if whispering to me.
Kagome: "The fact that they're satisfied with someone else's victory instead of their own means they've already given up on life."
Akihito: "You couldn't be removed any further from common sense......"
Kagome is utterly unharmonious. Her melody never meshes with that of society. She is too strong as an individual.
Kagome: "How are you any different, Akihito the Connector?"
Kagome's rebuttal stabs me in the chest.
Kagome: "Not knowing who you are is the start of self-ruin."
Avatars themselves are just static, merely interference in the flow of modern society. I'm no different since I'm connected to one.
Kagome: "Avatars are too powerful to waste on mere entertainment. Everything about this event smells fishy."
It gives coμs a place to use their power, and makes a profit in the process.
Supply and demand. Gears turn under the force of profit. It's not that different from normal society.
Akihito: "The goal's clear, and the logic's simple enough."
Kagome: "Even poison is sweet before it finishes passing down your throat."
Akihito: "Like that cake?"
Kagome looks down. I feel like I beat her at something.
Kagome: "......eat."
She pushes the unfinished cake toward me.
Akihito: "Why?"
Kagome: "Take responsibility."
Akihito: "............"
A third of it is left, with Kagome-san's teeth marks as well. There's also......some saliva, I think.
Akihito: "I'll eat it later."
Kagome: "You'll die if you throw it out."
Akihito: "Ha-hawa......!"
I turn into a small animal on the verge of being eaten. The witch sees through all.
Akihito: "Okay, fine, I'll eat it......*munch*"
I put it in my mouth as she gazes at me from thirty centimeters away.
Akihito: "............"
The smell of cheese and the sweetness of cream......along with what might be Kagome's flavor. I swallow it along with my uncertain feelings.
Kagome: "Pervert."
Akihito: "Why!?"
Kagome gives me a parting glance as her black hair leaves through the veranda.
Akihito: "Aaah, my shirt......"
Actually, you really shouldn't be going outside with so little clothing.
Akihito: "I can't believe her......"
Now that the distraction is gone, I go back to watching the gig video. I focus on it. An hour passes.
Akihito: "......there."
A camera angle lasting five seconds. A message tossed aside and lying on the concrete. A URL written in black paint.
I write it down, type it into my browser, and hit the return key."To all our accomplices"
Letters glow in the abyss of the web."The time for revenge has come"
Strange rhetoric appears and disappears from the screen.
Akihito: "Project Noiz......?"
This looks like the organizer's codename. A psychedelic site design based on dark colors.
I click on the "NEXT GIG" link.
It shows a date, time, and a simple map showing the place. I think about telling Benio, then I look at the clock.
Akihito: "Fuaaa......guess I should sleep......"
Kagome: "Good night."
Akihito: "Waaa!?"
A voice from the veranda. I hurriedly turn around just as the black hair vanishes again.
She was still here?
====================HK_08-09　お風呂でいっしょ.json====================
The avatar gigs happen late at night. The city enters its temporary death around that time, and leaves it when dawn arrives. Before I know it, it's almost 3 AM.
After the fight with Nomad ended, Nanase and I parted ways. The Round Table has a lot of difficult problems to think about.
I avoid Izawa and the others. Who knows what they're thinking now.
Based on Mayuki's texts, they haven't found any useful information yet.
Benio yawns widely.
Benio: "Nnfuaaa......
gaah!"
I try sticking my finger into her wide open mouth.
Benio: "......don't watch a girl when she yawns."
She's cute when she pouts.
Kagome: "You're the one leaving your mouth defenseless. Don't blame us if something stick-shaped gets shoved into it."
Benio: "S-stick sha――......! 
Y-
yellow card!!"
As expected, she goes red and provides educational discipline.
Akihito: "You're way too sensitive to these jokes."
Kagome: "Such a vivid imagination. Flat-chests shouldn't lose themselves in delusions so often."
Benio: "......!!!"
Kagome's malicious smile. It's starting to get cute now.
Akihito: "I'm hungry. Should we get some food on the way back?"
Benio: "Hmmm, but eating this late is kinda......"
Her maiden mind is troubled.
Kagome: "I want to eat."
Some maidens aren't troubled.
Benio: "I've been wondering this for a while, but......Hinaori-san, you really like sweets, but you never seem to...umm......"
Kagome: "What? Finish your sentence."
Benio: "Well......you don't ever get fat......"
Akihito: "Because of the supplements you're always eating?"
Benio: "Eeeh? What are they? Are they that powerful?"
Kagome: "Those are special. They only work on me."
Benio: "Don't be mean......
at least tell me where you get them."
She cries tears of blood. The agony of women who dedicate their lives to the god of dieting.
Akihito: "Be honest. Do you actually have a parasite in your stomach eating everything for you?"
Benio: "P-parasite......?"
Benio makes a hard-boiled face. She's not a fan of bugs.
Kagome: "......"
Kagome gestures in a certain direction.
Akihito: "What?"
Akihito: "Fugu!?"
An elbow enters my stomach. The impact is so strong my mind goes hazy.
Benio: "Y-you okay?"
Kagome: "They say your stomach starts to act up when you're mean to your childhood friends. Be careful, Akihito."
She runs her fingers through her black hair as she smiles devilishly.
Akihito: "......w-wow, the legend's true......"
My appetite is gone now. I look up at the starry sky and take a deep breath.
Then――
Mayuki: "Waaaait!"
I hear Mayuki's voice far behind me.
Mayuki: "Hahi, hahi, hahi, hahi......"
She rushes over to me, even though her last text said she was going home.
Did something happen――?
Benio: "Ah, it's Mayu-Mayu."
Benio reacts casually, but......
Mayuki: "Waaaaaaaaa!"
It's rare to see Mayuki look so desperate. Behind her a station wagon slowly drives up.
It feels like the door might open at any moment so someone can reach out and grab Mayuki.
Akihito: "......isn't this really bad?"
Kagome: "For them, you mean."
Mayuki might actually summon Babylon in front of people if she was ever in real danger.
――No, she would. Definitely. I'd bet money on it.
Benio: "Wh-what do we do? Call the police?"
Benio holds her cell phone in a shaking hand. Next to her, Kagome's expression changes.
Kagome: "This is faster."
A flash. A kukri knife flying through the air. Today it's Sakurako-san. The windshield shatters.
Benio: "Uoooo!?"
Synchronized screams from Benio and the driver.
He makes a hard left and flees behind a nearby building. Even Mayuki just stares blankly.
Mayuki: "So I got kidnapped anyway. Akihito-san, you have no fear of the law, do you?"
Akihito: "Stop saying things like that."
My room. I couldn't just leave her alone after all that, so I ended up taking her home with me.
Akihito: "Would you prefer I let you back out to deal with those strange people?"
Mayuki: "The concrete jungle is full of terrors. Legal gray areas are everywhere."
Mayuki: "Doesn't it make you want to get Babylon out and burn the whole world while shouting "Foolish mortals!?""
The temptation is terrifying.
Mayuki: "I should've made sure there'd be taxis there. Trying to walk home instead was a bad idea."
Benio: "If I saw someone like Mayu-Mayu outside at 3 AM, I'd want to take her home with me. Wouldn't anyone?"
Mayuki: "I have no interest in yuri, so I must politely refuse your offer."
Benio: "N-not that, not that, I'm not like that either!"
Mayuki: "It's strange. though. I thought I'd be fine in this outfit......"
Mayuki tilts her head. She sounds serious.
Benio: "You mean......you're trying to look like a boy?"
Mayuki: "Not so much a boy as a nationless rogue who has surpassed gender. A Hong Kong movie's heroine who emphasizes her individuality and effortlessly escapes from the devil's fingers."
A frog hat. Coke bottle glasses. A blouson jacket that's too big for her. Western boots. Knee socks.
Akihito: "What do you think?"
Benio: "......50 out of 100."
Kagome: "That's an F."
Both judges are harsh.
Her fashion sense is pretty bad too, but her movements also give away that she's a young girl.
Though from far away, it's weird enough that it might be hard to tell whether she's a boy or a girl.
Akihito: "......so who were those guys anyway? Were they after boys?"
As unlikely as that seems.
Mayuki: "What?"
Akihito: "Were they trying to kidnap you because they thought you were a boy?"
Mayuki: "Hau!"
Mayuki reels. Apparently she hadn't thought of that.
Benio: "............aaah, I do hear there's a lot of people like that."
Mayuki: "You mean these clothes......are actually increasing the temptation for all perverts in my vicinity!?"
Benio: "I don't think the clothes have anything to do with it."
Benio looks genuinely concerned. She's a good girl.
Kagome: "Ufuu......"
Akihito: "Hey! You with the black hair!"
Someone fell asleep on the sofa while I wasn't looking.
Kagome: "......what?"
Akihito: "Don't sleep."
Kagome: "I'm tired. All-nighters are the archenemy of good looks......"
Akihito: "Then sleep in your own bed."
Kagome: "All right......"
For once she heads out without spewing any poison. She must be really tired. Today I learned even witches aren't immune to fatigue.
Benio: "We should take a bath and get into bed too."
Mayuki: "Go right ahead."
Benio: "Let's go in together, since we're all here."
Mayuki: "I don't see why we have to do that. I'll go in later."
Benio: "Aaaaah! That's not cute at all."
Benio's getting hung up on this. I'm not sure why.
Benio: "We are taking a bath together!"
Mayuki: "Please don't burn with incomprehensible passion. It's the enemy of Earth......
wh-what are you doing!?"
Benio: "Come on, don't stuggle after coming this far!"
Benio captures Mayuki and drags her into the bathroom with strong, robotic arms. I've never seen her display that strength before.
Mayuki: "Shoeee~!"
I can hear the Doppler effect as Mayuki's scream grows distant. Benio's a little scary.
Mayuki: "I still can't believe this......you're evil......"
Benio: "You're still saying that? What's the big deal? It just means you're cute, Mayu-Mayu"
Mayuki: "Cuteness is no excuse for doing whatever you want."
Benio: "Th-that's a really adult viewpoint......"
Benio: "Anyway, you should be more careful. You walked all the way there by yourself, didn't you?"
Mayuki: "Of course."
Benio: "But the area near the gig wasn't very safe."
Mayuki: "I always have Babylon if things get bad."
Benio: "Actually, I've been wondering this for a while, Mayu-Mayu. How do your parents never find out about all the things you do around town late at night?"
Mayuki: "I live alone, so it's not a problem."
Benio: "No way."
Mayuki: "It's true."
Benio: "......hmmm."
Mayuki: "What is it?"
Benio: "Mayu-Mayu, you never talk about your family much."
Mayuki: "I value my privacy. That's all."
Benio: "I guess I can understand that. My situation's a bit complicated too."
Mayuki: "......"
Benio: "But seriously, be more careful walking around at night."
Mayuki: "You told me that before, didn't you Benio-san?"
Mayuki: ""I'm a huge authority on walking around the city at night. So many men have been tricked by my hips I can't count them even with both hands," or something. Are you in any position to criticize me?"
Benio: "I never said that."
Benio: "Come on, Mayu-Mayu, you're the youngest one here. Listen to me when I give you some advice."
Mayuki: "Don't treat me like a child. I want both our rights and obligations to be split fifty-fifty."
Benio: "Hmmm."
Mayuki: "What is it?"
Benio: "Eheheh, that's kinda cute the way you're sitting up, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "Wh-what does that mean? You just said I wasn't......"
Benio: "I mean it, Mayu-Mayu. You are cute. You look like my little sister when you do that."
Mayuki: "D-don't cling to me like that. If you turn out to be yuri I'm going to bite my tongue off!!"
Benio: "The tub's just small, it's not my fault! Ah, would you prefer to sit on my leg?"
Mayuki: "Ishie!? Hi-hieee! Help meee!"
Benio: "Don't struggle, don't struggle. Hmmm, your skin really is smooth."
Mayuki: "Wh-where are you looking!? Your chest is no different from mine, Benio-san!!"
Benio: "I-I-I'm n-norma-mally l-larger th-than this, it's just a-all go-going to m-my waist right now, s-so......!!"
Benio: "........................"
Mayuki: "Benio-san, why are you staring blankly at the ceiling? There's nothing there."
Benio: "......
*blub* *blub*"
Mayuki: "P-please don't drown! At least let go of me first!!"
Akihito: "......"
Benio: "What's wrong?"
Akihito: "Ah, nothing."
Benio dries and brushes Mayuki's hair.
She almost looks like her mother. It suits her.
Just after coming out of the bath, Mayuki looks like a completely different person.
Akihito: "......who are you?"
Mayuki: "That's just rude."
Where did this gorgeous girl come from?
Akihito: "......women are seriously magical......"
Mayuki: "Please stop staring at me. Why do you think I wear those glasses? Benio-san won't let me have them back."
Benio: "But you're so much cuter without them."
Mayuki: "Haa, it's so late already......"
The digital clock on the table shows it's long past midnight.
Akihito: "You can see that without your glasses?"
Mayuki: "............"
Mayuki: "I was squinting. See?"
She makes a strange face.
Benio: "You should let your hair down more often, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "None of your beeswax."
We're complimenting her, but for some reason Mayuki's not happy about it. Just removing her glasses and putting her hair down completely changes her appearance. She's leveled up to a pretty girl worth painting pictures of.
Akihito: "............?"
Why does it feel like there's a little bone stuck in my throat?
It's like I've seen Mayuki's face somewhere before......
Akihito: "......maybe it's just me."
Mayuki: "......"
Benio: "Ah, you're already nodding off. Late nights must be hard at your age, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "I'm......fine......"
After her bath. she suddenly started feeling all of the day's fatigue. Mayuki's struggling to keep herself awake as Benio dries her hair.
Benio: "I'll sleep with Mayu-Mayu tonight. See you tomorrow."
Akihito: "Okay, good night."
The two of them disappear into Benio's bedroom. They seem strangely like sisters.
Akihito: "......guess I'll go to bed too."
I yawn alone now that no one's here.
Benio: "......"
Mayuki: "......"
For some reason they both come back out with sad faces.
Akihito: "What's wrong?"
Benio: "Umm, our bed......"
Mayuki: "Has been usurped by the black demon king."
Akihito: "......no way."
Kagome. I just told her to go back to her own bed.
Uuu! What a roundabout way to cause trouble for me.
Benio: "......can we use your bed, Akihito?"
Akihito: "Ah, sure, if you want, but it's gonna be tough fitting three people on it."
Mayuki: "Hang on, what are you talking about? You aren't planning on sleeping with us, are you?"
Benio: "Eh? What's wrong with that?"
Mayuki: "Please take this seriously. I don't want any threesomes."
Benio: "Th-threes――――"
Her delusions run wild, petrifying her.
Akihito: "......fine, fine, I'll sleep on the sofa. You two can use the bed."
Benio: "Eh? No, we can't make you do that......"
Benio-san's nice. We waste a lot of time in the great Japanese tradition of being too polite to each other. 
Mayuki: "You're too naive, Benio-san. The only way to make room for yourself is to shove other people aside."
The waves of Westernization assault us.
Benio: "Fine......
in that case!"
Mayuki: "Hawawa!"
Benio cuddles Mayuki like a stuffed animal.
Benio: "You sleep in my lap, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "Mugyu!"
And then......
Benio sinks into my thighs. Her little head rests gently on me. A chain of lap pillows.
Benio: "And I'll sleep in Akihito's, eheheh."
Akihito: "So......what about me? Do I have to stay perfectly still until morning?"
Benio: "You get to look at our pretty faces all night."
Mayuki: "Please don't succumb to the temptation to kiss us."
Akihito: "That's a heavy burden......"
My torment is unappreciated――
Benio: "Uuu......"
Mayuki: "Supyu......"
They head off to dreamland at the speed of light.
====================HK_08　ギグの夜.json====================
An abandoned factory on the edge of the Takakura City harbor. A festival of monsters taking place far from the clamor of the city.
There are already thirty people here. A dark gray ruin. A factory with no signs of life. Even the air around here stings.
Benio: "Hey, Akihito......aren't there a lot of foreigners here?"
Akihito: "Now that you mention it......I wonder if the events are marketed to them."
I see five or six staff members in black clothes. And she's right, there are a lot of white, black, and hispanic people here.
Kagome: "Guards in ceremonial outfits. Look at their left sides."
Benio: "Eh? Are those......guns?"
Unnatural bumps in each and every dark suit. 
Kagome: "They're practically advertising them. They're carrying not for firepower but as a deterrent."
Kagome: "They might even be fake for all we know."
The bouncers strut around with handguns on their sides. This feels even more like another world now.
Akihito: "So it's all part of the act?"
The organizers know what they're doing. The kind of crazy people who go out of their way to see monsters fight probably like having details like this in the background.
Akihito: "Still......"
I look at Kagome again.
Akihito: "What made you decide to actually come and see it after all the complaining earlier?"
Kagome: "............"
Benio: "Why me!? Why are you glaring at me!?"
Benio is terrified. A carnivorous dinosaur and a herbivorous animal.
Kagome: "Someone needs to watch out for pests."
Akihito: "......are you my guardian now?"
Kagome: "Your partner."
Her usual haughty smile.
Kagome: "And pretty girl guardian."
Akihito: "You like that phrase, don't you?"
Kagome: "If you keep playing dumb, I'll pull all your fingers out, starting with the pinky. Remember the basics. What's the weakest part of any coμ?"
Benio: "Ah――"
Benio starts looking around warily, as if she only just realized the danger. All coμs share that weakness. The connectors, the humans are the weakest part.
Kagome: "Call it my weakness as a dere dere childhood friend. I want to at least keep you from dying while I'm here to watch, even if you try to bring it on yourself, Akihito."
Akihito: "Stop lying so many times in one sentence."
Anyway, the fact remains that Kagome has more combat strength than she knows what to do with. Just having her around makes us far safer than we would be otherwise.
But I will pay attention myself. I can't rely entirely on her. We aren't all moving together because we want to minimize the chance of everyone getting neutralized at once.
By anyone――At any time――For any reason――
We might get attacked at any moment without having any idea why. After Jack the Ripper, we know exactly what that's like.
More and more guests fill the dark building. There's probably more than a hundred now.
The other three――Izawa, Mayuki, and Haru――will probably appear down there at some point.
Benio: "Are all of these people connectors?"
Akihito: "Like Izawa said, there's probably more normal people than connectors, just based on how many are here."
Benio: "This isn't where that DVD was filmed."
She's right. This ruined building definitely isn't the backdrop from the video.
Akihito: "They're calling them gigs, so they probably change places every time like any other guerrilla outfit."
It's just a large, cold, empty space.
Every so often there's a three-meter high column of metal. It looks like the skeleton of an unfinished building.
But for this event there are metal fences stretching between several of those columns.
An artificial barrier. A combat zone for avatars only.
Akihito: "Will that little fence actually protect anyone?"
The spectators are crowding up against the fence. Some of them are even trying to climb it.
I can't imagine those metal wires can withstand the impact of an avatar.
Kagome: "That's no fence. It's just a line separating two areas."
Kagome stands regally alone amidst the madness around us.
Kagome: "Those who touch the line and those who cross it will die. I'm sure they all understand that."
Kagome: "So if anyone dies here it's their own fault. These guys are all sharing the thrill of being trampled by an avatar."
This is crazy, but pure and thorough.
I remember how people claimed to summon demons back in the middle ages. If you want to use the enormous paradoxes that avatars are for nothing but entertainment, I guess you need to do it underground where everyone else is just as insane.
Benio: "Ah, it's Izawa."
Benio's voice is crushed by the noise.
On the far side, I see Izawa's small figure. He glares at this unfamiliar world as if staring down irritating prey.
Benio: "The music changed――"
It switched from slow R&B to exciting trance. The slightly dark illumination goes off without a sound. The number of heads sinking into the darkness is more than double what I last counted.
Kagome: "It's finally starting. They made us wait a long time. The organizer must be a playboy. You'd get along with him, Akihito."
Akihito: "Don't come all the way out here just to insult me."
It seems like it's going to start right away without any fanfare or build-up.
An image appears on the large LCD screen on the wall.
Various avatar names appear one by one in what looks like a tournament bracket. I recognize the more famous names from the gig site, and I can hear the crowd going extra wild for them.
Akihito: "Kagome."
Kagome: "What?"
Akihito: "Before you said none of these guys would kill each other, right?"
The main event――When the last avatar's name appears, the crowd gets louder than ever before.
It's clearly a different kind of reaction――Awe.Some text scrolls across the screen like a warning.
Kagome: "Nomad."
Kagome's whisper flows through the commotion.
Nomad――The god of these gigs. A champion of chaos who fights order, stronger than anyone in the Round Table.
Akihito: "That coμ's the exception."
A special alias they use online, like a posthumous name.
People fear it for the same reasons that apply everywhere: Because it's a heretic. Something that crosses the borders.
People can't help but fear that which comes from the end of the world with its own set of rules.
In other words――
Akihito: "That one always destroys the avatars it fights. Every single one."
Its name is synonymous with "killer."
Kagome: "Oooh."
Kagome's gaze grows distant, like smoke. The corners of her mouth rise dangerously again. Looks like she's interested now.
Kagome: "I see, the riffraff are having an orgy over the premiere of the latest snuff film."
Nomad doesn't accept surrender. It's had three fights so far, and it destroyed all three. 
Destroying an avatar kills all of its connectors. They probably all lost their lives at once when they failed to win that fight.
Simple arithmetic tells us that fifteen people have died――No, fifteen have been killed. Because of these gigs.
Benio: "That's......no different to the coμ hunters."
Kagome: "Technically there are differences, but the result is still death."
The coμ hunters are terrorists. The avatar gigs are duels. In one case, the intent to kill only goes one way. In the other it goes both ways. That's definitely a difference.
This is more like when we fought Jack the Ripper――Karasuma Tetora.
Akihito: "It's starting."
Kagome: "......this is stupid."
Kagome's endurance runs out after two or three matches. She has a point. They haven't been that impressive so far.
But being able to spectate other people's avatars like this is a new experience.
I guess this is a pretty rare source of entertainment as long as we don't get mixed up in the fight somehow.
Benio: "In pro wrestling the first matches are always the boring ones. I'm liking it so far."
Kagome: "Such a lively flat-chest."
Benio: "I'm not completely flat......"
Melons vs mini-tomatoes. It's hard to beat Kagome in terms of fruit.
Akihito: "Benio, you like wrestling?"
I try changing the topic to distract Benio from the salt in her wounds.
Benio: "Eh? ......yeah. The strong and popular guy always wins in the end, so it's nice."
Akihito: "I see. Nice and easy to understand."
Benio: "Hey, I've been looking at all the avatars......is it just me, or do most of them look very similar?"
Akihito: "There's probably rules about that. Some categories just aren't a good fit for these duels."
Benio: "So there are rules......
I guess that makes sense."
There are three basic rules to these gigs.
1) You must not leave the combat zone without permission2) You must not use attacks that will affect the area outside the fence
Naturally, avatars with long-range and area-of-effect attacks don't work well here.
Instead you see the categories that are better at close-range melee combat.
The third rule is unofficial, but everyone knows it.
This is a game, so you're not supposed to kill anyone. When the judge tells you to stop, you stop fighting.
The spectators that want to see blood are a tiny minority. For most spectators and fighters, going too far spoils the fun of it all.
People gather around the gigs precisely because they know they won't die.
Benio: "Ah, it's already over."
Akihito: "When someone gets their ultimate attack to connect, it doesn't take much more to finish it."
The duelists spend most of their combat time probing each other for strengths and weaknesses. Whoever finishes their analysis first, or whoever has the clear advantage, makes the first move.
The clever ones can trick their opponents into attacking, thereby revealing their capabilities. There just aren't any dramatic no-holds-barred matches.
Benio: "It's just like when animals fight. I've heard they spend most of their time staring at each other, but everyone's very chivalrous about it."
The moment there's any serious risk of an avatar getting destroyed, the DJ in his booth proclaims victory for one side. So far no one's ignored his call.
Akihito: "I think the audience has a huge effect on that. They'll probably keep doing that unless they want to be the bad guy."
A lot of them want to fight here simply to get some attention. The prizes are just icing on the cake. Not many coμs are going to deliberately lower the crowd's opinion of them.
Benio: "The truth is, I have two thousand yen on the next match."
Akihito: "Just like the petit bourgeois."
Come to think of it, I did see her loitering around the betting area earlier.
Benio: "Ah, it's starting, it's starting."
Benio: "I wooon!"
She jumps up in the air with excitement. Looks like she won her bet. Appearances aside, she's no different from an old man at the racetrack.
Akihito: "How much did you win?"
Benio: "Ummm, the odds were 1.5, so......"
Benio presses buttons on an invisible calculator.
Benio: "My two thousand yen turned into three thousand!"
Akihito: "That's tiny! Is that all the money you had?"
Benio: "Hu-huuu. I don't start with much but I'll make it big one day."
What does that mean?
Benio: "Which horse should I bet on next......"
Akihito: "They're avatars."
Benio: "My skin feels all tingly now."
Akihito: "You should get that checked out."
Benio: "Maybe I have some secret talent for
――Nyoooo!?"
She freezes in a half-assed transformation pose. The snake is approaching her without a sound.
Kagome: "This is no time to be deluded. We're being watched."
Benio: "Eh?"
Kagome's clever voice makes me think of a gleaming blade.
Akihito: "Where......?"
Kagome: "At least one person. I know where she is. Wait here."
We wait.
After a short while, Kagome comes back. One woman follows beside her.
Nanase: "......good evening."
Takatou Nanase stands in fear of the Kagome creature, just like that night. Something close to a smile appears on her face when she sees us.
Nanase: "I wasn't tracking you or anything......I just saw you when I came in."
Kagome: "Nothing was stopping you from saying hello."
Akihito: "......says the person who was scaring her away."
Nanase smiles awkwardly. She's not denying it, so it's probably true.
Akihito: "So how does the Round Table feel about these gigs?"
Nanase: "......"
She doesn't answer immediately. She seems to be searching for the right words. The world of politics is harsh.
Nanase: "For the most part, we ignore them――But we do need to do something about one particular coμ."
Akihito: "Nomad's, right?"
Nanase: "We also need to find out what the organizer plans to do."
Akihito: "Who's that?"
Nanase: "Someone called Noiz. We don't know his age or gender. Apparently, he was a legendary party organizer in the club scene a few years ago."
Benio: "And no one's heard from him since?"
Nanase: "We've tried to contact him, but he's never shown up to talk to any of us."
Kagome: "I see."
Kagome smiles devilishly.
Kagome: "It sounds nice to say you're ignoring it, but really that means you're powerless to stop it."
Nanase: "――"
Nanase goes quiet. Those words dug deep. I'm starting to feel sorry for her.
Akihito: "But it's still better than having these guys run wild around the city, right?"
Nanase: "The Round Table does appreciate the effect it's had on public security."
Noiz gave them a place to fight, a reason to use their power, and an audience to applaud them.
There's even a guarantee that the other guy will stop before it gets dangerous, and cash prizes if you do well.
Benio: "Dueling outside won't earn you anything, and you're more likely to die without a referee......it makes sense that people are flocking to these things."
Kagome: "Children don't want to play in the park if there's a supervisor there to tell them what not to do."
Nanase: "......are you referring to us?"
Kagome: "Everyone thinks that."
Akihito: "That's just mean."
Kagome: "You say such terrible things, Akihito. It's not good to defame your childhood friends."
Akihito: "You're the one defaming people!"
Have you forgotten the mental anguish you put me through every day!?
Still, Kagome's words are accurate.
The coμs have stopped causing problems around town largely because the unruly ones are going to these gigs instead.
Akihito: "Now that you mention it――"
I remember Gasai.
Akihito: "There is another supervisor these days."
Nanase: "Caesar's Legion――We haven't seen any movement from them lately."
As you'd expect, she reacts when you poke her.
Kagome: "That's only a matter of time. The equilibrium has already broken. You won't be able to ignore it forever."
Kagome's words are quite unpleasant.
Someday a large-scale coup will emerge from this dark hole in the ground, from this bonfire on the outskirts of the city.
Benio: "......it's finally time."
The crowd roars. Nomad's name and silhouette appear on the screen. The crowd hasn't gotten any bigger, but the heat they're producing rises by orders of magnitude.
Kagome: "Ha――!"
She runs her fingers through her black hair as her red lips curve again. Kagome's happy smirk.
Kagome: "So this is the hero of the barbarians?"
The third unwritten rule. The taboo against killing. One individual who can easily break that rule.
The god of the gigs. The killer the Round Table fears.
For the gigs, Nomad is a beautiful but dangerous insect. A heretical creature that could easily destroy their kingdom at any time.
And yet, they're allowing Nomad to continue.
Akihito: "I've heard rumors this coμ knows Noiz personally."
Kagome: "They're gathering crowds by making a hero out of this murderer?"
Kagome: "It's too risky, like drinking poison to cure a cold."
The opposing avatar and its name are shown on the screen. Similar cries rise up from the crowd, but they're clearly different. They're cheering on the sacrificial lamb.
Kagome: "According to Akihito, they've already defeated three avatars, so they've leveled up that many times. The other avatar looks like a beginner......is there even a point betting on this?"
A gap in levels is one of the biggest factors, especially in a battle like this in a predefined area.
Akihito: "They said there's a time limit on these fights too. The crowd's betting on whether the other guy will survive that long or not."
Kagome: "How long exactly?"
Akihito: "One minute."
Kagome: "How brave. Yet foolish."
Kagome smiles again.
Akihito: "According to the regular posters, the opponents will win ten million yen if they survive. That's two hundred grand per person. Seems pretty good for one minute."
Those posters have participated in these gigs before. Whether they're lying or not, gig-related threads get a lot more popular whenever one of them shows up.
Kagome: "Sounds just like what those easily-tempted fools would think."
Benio: "B-but, but, they die if they lose, right?"
Akihito: "That's the risk of taking on Nomad."
Like Kagome said, they're after glory, not money. One minute is plenty of time to delude yourself.
Thus, fearless beginners step over a line they can never come back from.
The one and only life and death game in the gig.
Benio: "I wouldn't do that for a hundred million yen......aaah, but for that much......"
She starts using her invisible calculator again. Maybe she's the type who changes all her opinions when huge sums of money are involved.
Kagome: "They're starting."
Blue light appears in the birdcage. Two avatars come out.
Akihito: "Is that――?"
I see Nomad for the first time. A blue Pantagruel with an odd shape.
Strangely, its left arm tapers off to a point, like a huge lance――No, it's thick enough to be a missile.
Its whole body is also incredibly large. It's overflowing with so much bloodlust that what couldn't fit inside it started gathering in its arm.
Kagome: "――Nomad."
The opponent is a winged Caspar. It looks like it should be very mobile. They're probably confident they can run away for a while.
The match begins.
As expected, the Caspar flies around the edge of the ring. It immediately backs off and proceeds to maintain a constant distance. Everyone expected it to do that.
Ten seconds.
Nomad doesn't move.
Twenty seconds.
Nomad doesn't move.
Thirty seconds.
I notice I haven't been breathing.
Akihito: "――――"
Forty seconds.
It's still waiting.
It's just waiting for something.
As if forcing itself to endure the wait.
Fifty seconds.
The blue giant moves.
It flies through the air like a bird. The blue star shoots across the ground for a brief moment.
It thrusts out its lance, its left arm with unbelievable speed and accuracy.
A single destructive sound.
Benio: "Aaah――"
Benio gasps. We all saw it. That compressed moment where it ended human lives.
The lance runs through one of the wings. It slams the Caspar into the floor and steps on it, breaking it into pieces.
And then――Five death cries ring out in the night.
Kagome: "Akihito."
A single brilliant voice amidst the madness.
Kagome: "If you want to get involved in these gigs, I won't stop you, but――"
Kagome: "Stay away from Nomad."
Her black eyes look directly at me.
Kagome: "――It's the same as you. If you meet your doppelganger, you'll die."
The witch's black prophecy――
====================HK_09　空を視る少女.json====================
Kagome: （If you want to get involved in these gigs, I won't stop you――）
I remember those heavy words.What reason would I have for getting involved in those underground games? I have no idea.
The gigs are games. The fighters aren't monsters like Jack the Ripper was. They put on a mad show with their own special rules.
An insane game that gets people killed. However, both sides did accept that risk, so it's firmly protected from the criticism of stubborn, morally righteous outsiders.
They're not destroying the world or hurting any innocent bystanders. You can't fight something just because you don't like it.
It takes some serious power and talent to cleanly split the world into friends and enemies the way Izawa does.
I'm not strong enough to live like that. The best I can do is crawl around through the vague grayness.
Izawa. Benio. Mayuki. I dunno about Haru, but the other three are all drawn to the events, and for different reasons.
The gigs――A suspicious charm, like that of a bug lamp.
Coμs have five people. None of us can live or die alone.
Unlike with Jack the Ripper, I might be the one forced to follow the others this time.
I can remain stubborn and have nothing to do with this, or I can obediently follow the majority opinion.
If I successfully remain stubborn I'll be satisfied, but Babylon will be weaker, which puts me in more danger.
Akihito: "......this is stupid."
Kagome: （If you meet your doppelganger, you'll die.）
Eyes and hair the color of night. The witch's prophecy reenters my mind.
Akihito: "......well, it's not like she ever did make sense."
A long time ago, when I was much younger, I met her in a mansion that looked like a castle. Even back then, Hinaori Kagome was a ridiculous woman.
This time she gave me a sudden riddle, as if to say monsters will eat me if I can't solve it.
Akihito: ".................."
Not a cloud in the sky. The blue expands uninterrupted, bright enough to wake me up if I was asleep.
It's the middle of third period. I lie down alone on the deserted roof, looking up at the early summer sky.
Nomad――Unhesitating bloodlust incarnate. Kagome said it's the same as me.
―――I remember the red color.
Red memories I thought I'd forgotten. Bloodlust I should have buried long ago.
I see it in my dreams over and over. That black heat pierces my chest.
It may have been an unavoidable fate.
But I killed him with my own hands. I chose to kill him, and I did it―――Once again......
Hisoka: "You're thinking."
A blue sky. A white triangle.
A perfect viewing angle that isn't my fault. Even God would forgive me.
Akihito: "......hey."
She looks down at me from above. I'm still not used to seeing her in that uniform.
A presence as thin as air. She's there, but it feels like I might lose sight of her at any moment. Soejima Hisoka is just that kind of woman.
Hisoka: "Sorry for interrupting."
Akihito: "Nope. I wasn't thinking about anything important."
I try my best not to look directly at it as I talk to roof-dweller number two.
I feel like I haven't seen her around for a while. Number one hasn't been coming to school lately either, so this roof has been quite empty.
Akihito: "Been absent a lot lately?"
Hisoka: "I'm rather sickly."
She nods, still expressionless.
Akihito: "Ah, that's right, you couldn't come for five years because of that."
――Five years.
――Five years ago. I wasn't in this city back then, when those terrible events took place.
No doubt they changed many people's fates――
Akihito: "Hey――What were you doing back then, Soejima?"
The pain everyone shares. Since I live in this city now, I can't avoid it.
I'm the only one who doesn't share it. This is my hometown, but I feel like a foreigner here.
Hisoka: "――"
Silence. I can't read her expression.
She just looks up at the sky with a boundless gaze.
Glass eyes reflecting blue.
Hisoka: "I was doing this."
Akihito: "You've been looking at the sky that long?"
Hisoka: "Mm-hmm."
Hisoka: "Ever since that day."
The wind is a little strong.
Her soft hair and the hem of her skirt flutter in the breeze. Soejima's outline wavers like heat haze.
Akihito: "You really like the sky."
Hisoka: "――Mm-mmm."
She doesn't shake her head. Only a slight change in tone tells me she's giving a negative answer.
Hisoka: "I don't really like it. It's scary. I hate it. But one day, I realized something."
Hisoka: "No matter how much I fear or hate it, all I can do is look up from down here and wait until the mistake is rewritten."
Akihito: "The mistake?"
I know too many girls who like to talk in riddles.
Soejima's lean figure in the wind looks even colder than usual, like a huge hole in the sky.
Hisoka: "Bug. Misprint. Typo. Errata."
I become anxious for no reason at all.
The end of an infinite blue. A girl who only looks at the sky.
Akihito: "By the way, I think I saw you a while ago――"
I change the topic. I'm not good with mysterious, spiritual conversations.
Akihito: "In the business district, on a Friday night. Was that you, Soejima?"
Something in the corner of my mind is bugging me. When I saw her that night, I'm pretty sure she――
Hisoka: "I might have been there."
Akihito: "So it was you."
Hisoka: "I might have been there."
Akihito: "......is that a yes or a no?"
Hisoka: "It might have been someone who looks like me."
Akihito: "A doppelganger?"
The word comes out of my mouth without any thought. It feels serendipitous.
Hisoka: "Doppel......gangbanger?"
Akihito: "Sorry, forget I said anything."
Hisoka: "The me Mizuwa-kun saw. The me here now. Are they the same?"
Akihito: "Dunno."
I have no idea what to make of her now.
Hisoka: "On the other hand, I do live in that area, so I guess it makes sense for you to see me there."
Akihito: "Oooh, that's surprising."
The answer is surprisingly boring once revealed.
The new heart doesn't feel like a place where people live. Maybe that makes it surprisingly appropriate for Soejima.
Akihito: "Umm, I――"
I've seen people get killed.
Hisoka: "Hm?"
Akihito: "Ah, wait――"
What......was I about to say? Why say that under this blue sky――?
Akihito: "It's nothing."
Hisoka: "That's all you say."
Akihito: "Ah, you smiled."
Hisoka: "You made me."
―――What am I seeing in Soejima?
I don't know. I stand still in the labyrinth of riddles.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun, you're funny."
Akihito: "Not as much as you."
The fourth period bell rings. She looks up at the sky again.
====================HK_10　仮面の日常.json====================
An enormous mirror reflecting the blue sky. A herd of new buildings spreading out from the station.
Between the buildings is an enormous temple of glass.
The new Takakura Station. A huge renovation to replace the building damaged by terrorists five years ago.
The man sees it as a grave. A modern art piece constructed atop corpses.
What this grave needs is harmony.
――But all I hear is static. White noise.
Man: "――"
The world is still far from harmonious.
Pious, decorated men and women and pretty buildings. Ads for J-pop on the jumbotron.
Under the footbridge is a van that hasn't been washed in a month. He drinks a limited edition canned coffee while reeling from the parking ticket on his windshield.
Not one thing is excessive or lacking, but it all lacks harmony, ever since five years ago.
Taguchi: "Haa......it's kinda...boring, isn't it?"
A younger man sighs beside him.
Man: "What is?"
Taguchi: "Well, I'm not sure if I can put into words, but......I guess you could say this job just doesn't feel worthwhile."
Man: "You were a student, right? Everyone has those thoughts at some point. Like chicken pox."
Taguchi: "I'm just running around getting things for people. There's no skill to it at all......it's like I'm just a cog in a machine or something......"
Man: "All humans are just cogs in society."
Taguchi: "No, it's definitely more than just that......I mean, there are people in the world with special powers."
Special powers? The man turns slightly toward his younger counterpart.
Taguchi: "They're called "avatars." You heard of 'em?"
He shows the man his cell phone with a proud expression. The LCD screen displays the outline of an enormous fantasy.
Taguchi: "It's a monster. A real one. Everybody on the net knows about these things now. Aren't they amazing?"
Man: "Amazing?"
Taguchi: "Only chosen heroes can summon these beasts and fight with them."
Man: "Fight......for what?"
Taguchi: "Well......you know, love, justice, stuff like that."
The younger man's response doesn't answer the question at all, but the man doesn't comment on that.
Man: "We've got plenty of battles to fight already. People's jobs getting "restructured," all the health problems that come with old age......"
Taguchi: "But that stuff's not exciting......these guys are discovering some hidden power and winning literal battles with it."
Man: "Reality never is exciting."
Taguchi: "How many years have you been working here?"
Man: "Just about five."
Five years ago――
The younger man goes "Hmmm." He wasn't living in Takakura City back then. He vaguely remembers something big happening, but he's not sure what.
Taguchi: "Wow, you looked a lot younger than that. Does all this just sound like a rookie's foolish ambitions to you?"
Man: "Everyone has ambitions. Even me."
The afternoon town continues moving. The man mutters as he looks down from the footbridge.
Man: "I always wanted to be a cog in this society. A perfectly functional, neatly spinning cog, neither standing out nor making any irritating noise."
Taguchi: "......"
Man: "You said this job doesn't take any special skill, but I disagree. It takes talent to be a cog. An aptitude, you might say."
Taguchi: "Is that really how it works?"
Man: "I think so......anyway, now that that's done."
He rolls up his left suit sleeve. His watch says thirty minutes until the meeting. For a member of society, it's good manners to arrive five minutes early.
Taguchi: "Senpai, I've been meaning to say this for a while, but you've got bad taste in suits."
The man's suit is a dark gray, almost black. It's an old color, and in the wrong light it looks like a funeral outfit. He couldn't possibly stand out more beside the glass station.
Man: "I quite like it. Doesn't it make me look like a distinguished member of society?"
Taguchi: "Eeeh? No one wears that tacky sewer rat color anymore. If anything, it looks like cosplay."
Man: "......I see. I'll have to rethink this."
He turns the van's key, and feels the engine start to vibrate. He sets his destination in the car's GPS and steps on the accelerator.
Man: "......"
Sunlight cuts through gaps between buildings, making him squint. He reaches for the radio, but changes his mind and whistles instead.
The hue of spring sunlight reminds him of an old movie he liked.
About a girl who wandered into a foreign land, and went on a long journey to find her way back.
―――Beyond the rainbow.
The melody doesn't fit this room, filled with the smell of tobacco and the rumbling of the engine. 
====================HK_11　紅緒の葛藤.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "Where should I go?"
Akihito: "This "MacBeth" has been doing well recently."
Benio: "MacBeth?"
The avatar gig's unofficial site. There've been almost ten tournaments so far and lots of regular attendees. There's even a chart ranking all the coμs that are still participating.
MacBeth is in the top ten.
Akihito: "I do remember seeing that guy. He's won four fights without a scratch."
Benio: "Hmmm."
Her weak answer enters my ear. She puts her jaw on my shoulder as I look at the monitor.
Benio's weak to perverted subjects, but she can be very defenseless at times. She'd be easy to snatch up.
She feels different with her hair down. A girlishness unlike her usual energy. The unique smell of a girl who just got out of the bath.
It's different for me and Kagome, so that smell makes me conscious of the fact that I'm inside someone else's personal space.
Akihito: "That's a weak reaction."
Benio: "Hm? Ah......I didn't mean it that way, this is interesting."
She's still slow on the uptake.
Akihito: "Benio, weren't you more enthusiastic about this the other day?"
Benio: "Enthusiastic? ......I was sort of hopeful at first, but......"
Her head sways around.
Akihito: "Nomad."
Benio: "Nyu......"
She reacts. Apparently that's what was bothering her.
The red color behind the facade of the game. The gigs are completely fine with crossing the line into murder. The killer and the victim both give their consent in advance.
Thus, the justice Benio wanted isn't there. There wasn't even an evil enemy to defeat.
Benio: "Uuu......"
Vibrations tickle my shoulder. Benio quivers with emotion when you corner with her logic.
Benio: "Izawa aside, do you think Mayu-Mayu and O-Haru-san are still interested? They seemed to like it......"
Akihito: "You can always stay out of it. Even Izawa wouldn't want to go if he can't get all five of us......I hope."
I'm not that confident.
The truth is, I don't know what exactly makes coμs choose to fight at the gigs.
But I can't imagine any of them fight without all five people.
They must have wrestled with the same questions.
――What's the point in fighting?――What is there to fight against?
Even a group of five will have completely different opinions. Other people are always in complete isolation from you.
Even if you can agree to fight, some of them might like it, and others might not.
And yet, avatars need all five coμ members to fight effectively.
Benio: "When you say it like that......you know, now I feel pressured to go because I'm the only one chickening out......it's kinda lonely."
Don't rock the boat. It's best to cross the road at the same time as everyone else. Things just work better that way.
Akihito: "Come to think of it, wasn't there something like this in Japanese history?"
I vaguely recall some kind of system from the Edo period that had a rule about everyone dying if anyone failed.
Benio: "Now that you mention it......I think my grandma was part of a Neighborhood Association during the war. Coμs are a little like that."
Akihito: "Hmm......"
A sudden thought. Are there coμs in other countries?
Maybe America? China? Russia――
Are coμs unique to this one city? Or do they appear everywhere?
Benio: "Anyway, if we go there and lose, we're all doomed. Honestly, I'm afraid to go somewhere like that, but......"
Akihito: "But?"
Benio: "I don't want to hold everyone else back, and I do have something just in case."
Akihito: "What?"
For some reason she clings to me.
Benio: "My hero."
Akihito: "I'm more like the guy you want to be friends with. I always get the good lines and talk like I've broken through the world's limitations."
She presses against my back, even more defenseless. I think back to when we first met.
Akihito: "Rome wasn't built in a day......"
Benio: "Hm?"
Akihito: "It's nothing. It's nothing."
Benio: "I don't think so."
She presses more.
Akihito: "Mm......there's someone like you in my class."
I won't say what part's similar.
Benio: "Ooooh......ah, is that the girl you were talking about before?"
A cold voice. The tickling on my shoulder and the wonderful sensation on my back go away.
It was a little annoying having those on my back, but losing them feels lonely. Selfish, self-contradicting desires.
Benio's not doing too bad.
This used to be a space for only me and Kagome, but she's invaded it now. I've started getting used to her presence without realizing it.
Akihito: "Now then, time for today's hard labor."
I turn off my laptop and grab my wallet and phone.
Benio: "Gonna be out late?"
Akihito: "Well, my shift is at night."
Benio: "Then I'll go to sleep before you get back. I'll leave dinner in the fridge so you can heat it up."
Akihito: "Sorry for making you cook all the time."
I thank her like an old man.
Benio: "I kinda like doing cooking and cleaning......it's fun doing stuff for other people."
Benio: "But......ever since I started taking care of this place, I've been thinking. Akihito, your lifestyle is a real mess."
Benio: "You never cook proper meals or clean anything if you don't have to."
She brings up a problem people have been pointing out for a long time.
Kagome tends to venomously complain about that a lot.
Are women biologically incapable of tolerating a man's laziness?
Akihito: "Normally my neighborhood childhood friend takes care of those things......"
Benio: "Ah, that's right, you have her around......"
She makes a bitter face.
Benio: "Hinaori-san......I...don't really understand her......"
Akihito: "Yeah, she's just like that."
No matter how close I get to someone, it's still impossible to understand another person completely.
Especially in Kagome's case. I don't even want to try understanding her.
We happen to be fairy tale childhood friends, but the witch lives in barren outskirts where no other humans dare set foot.
Akihito: "That's right, have you decided where you're going?"
Benio: "This place is just too nice. I keep forgetting to look through the listings."
Akihito: "I'm honored, but......anyone who comes here is going to think we're a student couple living together. There's no smoke without fire."
Benio: "......what fire?"
Akihito: "Huh?"
Benio: "I'm kidding, I'm kidding. I trust you."
Akihito: "Men are monsters, you know."
Benio: "Gao!"
She roars like the lion at the beginning of a movie. I feel like she's challenging me.
Akihito: "That almost makes me want to prove you wrong somehow."
Benio: "......"
Akihito: "Don't go quiet there!"
Benio: "Auu......kyau, hauhau, aaauuu......"
Benio: "Kyuuu."
She goes red and her eyes spin.
Benio: "I-I tried imagining what would happen......"
Akihito: "You couldn't take it?"
Benio: "............
yeah."
Benio's completely defeated now.
Benio: "But, well, A-Akihito......you d-don't seem......to be...lacking choices in women......so...I guess I'm not...worried......"
Akihito: "Maybe you should take another look at the listings before you die of blushing."
Benio: "Good idea."
I walk across the living room with Benio watching.
Kagome: "*munch* *munch*"
The black-haired ghost is devouring snacks on the sofa, even though I'm sure she wasn't here a moment ago. She's practically a zashiki warashi at this point. I feel like I shouldn't ask how she's doing it.
Benio: "Ah, Hinaori-san......you were here too, hahaha."
This is kinda awkward.
Though I doubt Kagome would care about what we were just saying even if she did hear all of it.
Kagome: "*crunch* *crunch*"
Akihito: "Please don't laze around my apartment in total silence like an assassin."
From behind, that black hair makes her perfect for Japanese horror movies. I don't say that out loud since I don't want any fresh wounds.
Akihito: "Neighborhood childhood friend, I'm heading to work now."
She raises one of her long legs instead of answering. I feel like a cat just flicked its tail at me.
====================HK_12　透理の来訪.json====================
Izalone. My workplace. The crickets are chirping here tonight.
Tianwen: "I'm bored. I've never been so bored before."
Akihito: "I know what you mean."
Tianwen: "It must be nights like these which give humans the drive to set a new world record for the longest chain of dominoes."
Akihito: "This is really unusual for a Monday."
The business district is surprisingly busy on Monday nights. Normally even back alley bars like this get quite a bit of traffic, but for some reason no one's here today.
Tianwen: "Admittedly, we don't usually welcome unfamiliar faces."
Akihito: "But even the regulars aren't coming."
Tianwen: "That really hurts. Maybe we should just lock up for today."
Akihito: "Could we wait a bit longer? I've missed a lot of hours lately and I'd like some more money."
My days have been very busy lately, and I have no idea what might happen next.
Tianwen: "Whatever you want. I'm more than willing to help if you're in need."
Akihito: "I appreciate the thought, but I don't want to start owing you or anything."
Tianwen: "Aren't we closer than that, Akihito-kun?"
Akihito: "Saying that with those eyes is only making me less willing."
It makes me afraid of losing things. Like my virginity.
Tianwen: "Kabiiin!"
A strangely old-fashioned reaction.
Akihito: "Should I head outside and try to draw in customers?"
At times like this being so far from the main street is kind of a handicap.
Tianwen: "Oooh......you're so passionate about your work. I'm overwhelmed."
Akihito: "Ummm......"
Tianwen: "You could even be the owner someday."
Akihito: "Please stop dreaming."
Tianwen: "You've polished your witty tongue as well. So good! Incredibly good! Just the way I like you."
Akihito: "I've just been learning from those around me."
The kinds of people who use childhood friends and lolis as ammunition against you.
Tianwen: "Oh well, go ahead and get some fresh air. I should be fine in here by myself."
Akihito: "Call me if any customers show up."
I take off my apron and leave through the thick wooden door.
The night sky is bright. I can see a full moon between the buildings.
Akihito: "At this time of night......I guess students."
Salarymen have to work tomorrow, but not all students spend the night in karaoke booths.
Our bar is just the kind of place that needs to find ways to tempt people in. We're offering special deals on cocktails right now.
Akihito: "I dunno if that'll work though......"
An ancient urban legend. For all I know the owner might know a guy who lived through it.
Akihito: "I guess we're urban legends now too."
Avatars. Coμs. Girl A.
Before I knew it, I was right in the middle of the underground pantheon.
For a moment, I'm in darkness.
At first I think my eyes are deceiving me, but they're not.
There she is, in a narrow alley in the pleasure district, just like when I first met her.
Akihito: "Yoshimori Minato."
It's her.
It wasn't that long ago, but Yoshimori seems noticeably more adult now.
When did I last see her again?......that's right, it was in the hospital.
Yoshimori: "――"
Neon red shines on her face. It's definitely the same person. I kinda want to know what's happened since then.
I'm a little surprised to see her back in the pleasure district after what happened to her.
She'd better not be doing anything drug-related――
Yoshimori: "Ah――"
Neon blue. Ours eyes meet.
Emotion flashes across Yoshimori's eyes. Shock and nostalgia――
What we went through recently feels like it happened years ago. My life has been moving too fast these days.
Akihito: "Yo."
I raise one hand and greet her casually.
Yoshimori: "Doing well?"
Neon green. She answers with a smile.
A soft expression, unlike before. She doesn't seem to fit in with the business district. She almost seems timid. Maybe this is what Yoshimori Minato is really like.
Akihito: "Yeah. Looks like you are too."
Yoshimori: "How's Benio? She still living with you?"
Akihito: "Nothing's really changed. If you're here to confess then I'm totally free."
Yoshimori: "Idiot. I'm normal."
As our lukewarm conversation slowly breaks the ice, I notice someone standing behind Yoshimori.
???: "Who are you?"
He brushes aside any notion of proper greetings or personal space, staring at me without hesitation. A dog's eyes.
???: "You know him, Minato?"
There's an undeniable air of violence around him. If it wasn't for that, he could be a host with his looks. He appears two or three years older than me.
Yoshimori: "Yeah. Remember I said someone helped me when I tried to break my addiction?"
???: "Hmph......I see. As long as he doesn't cause any trouble."
He seems disappointed somehow, as if he was hoping for the chance to punch me.
I'm curious what'd happen if Izawa met this guy. Would they hit it off, or would it rain blood? My money's on the latter.
Yoshimori: "Ah――This is Nishiogi. Nishiogi, this is Mizuwa."
Yoshimori interrupts by introducing us to each other.
Akihito: "Umm, pleased to meet you?"
Nishiogi: "Minato's with us now."
That was sudden. Where on Earth is that considered a valid greeting?
Before I know it, three more people are standing behind him. He's smirking.
Nishiogi: "So you're Mizuwa? I've heard the rumors about what happened. I have one question for you――How did you do it?"
The dog's eyes stay fixed on me. This guy knows something. That's what his eyes tell me.
Akihito: "Do what?"
Nishiogi: "What you did to help Minato, obviously."
The dealers Minato owed money to. Izawa snapped and summoned Babylon inside their base of operations. Most people assumed the carnage was caused by infighting.
Nishiogi: "You don't look like a tough guy to me. But you beat up all of them? Even killed a few? Come on, tell me. How did you do it?"
He clearly isn't asking out of innocent curiosity.
Akihito: "I happen to have a pretty girl guardian."
Nishiogi: "Huh?"
The law of silence. No, nothing like that.
A heat that doesn't suit me smolders somewhere deep inside.
―――I hate unfortunate women.
The brutal man in front of me......Nishiogi. He must be affecting me somehow. I don't normally feel this unhinged.
When someone doesn't care what their strength does to others, they're bound to get everyone around involved sooner or later.
I know I'm doing something stupid.
I mouth off, even though no one asked me to, and there's absolutely no need for it.
Akihito: "She's incredible. She can punch through a meter-thick wall with her bare hands, she'll come to me if I whistle, and her alias is the pitch-black Valkyrie――"
Yoshimori: "Stop it!"
She's not yelling at me.
Nishiogi: "Hmph, I know, calm down."
He lets go of my collar with a terrifying smile. He backs off very, very slowly.
Nishiogi: "I won't do anything――Not here."
Yoshimori and the other four walk off into the business district crowds. I watch her walk away, leaving me behind, and then she turns around.
Yoshimori: "Well, I'm going now. Tell everyone I said hello."
Akihito: "Hey."
Something feels wrong.
Yoshimori: "It's fine. I'm clean now."
Akihito: "......I see."
I feel like she just hung up on me. A deep, dark river flows between us once again.
When it comes down to it, if someone asked me what Yoshimori means to me, all I can say is that she's a friend of a friend who I helped out a little―――
In other words......
Akihito: "――A total stranger."
It'd be so much easier if I could just tell myself that and forget about it.
I learned something from what happened to Kururi. Even if I can pull the trigger, I don't have the strength to accept the consequences. Ever since the day I saw that red color, my heart still hasn't given up.
For a long time, I couldn't tear my eyes away from the street where Yoshimori went. If she asked for help, I'd do everything I could. But――
I look closely at my hands. Tiny hands that can't reach anything. I know that better than anyone, but......
I wanted to be strong, like an unbreakable blade that could tear through the invisible things binding my heart.
I can't describe this emotion, but it runs wild inside me like frustration.
My heels are as heavy as iron, but I force them to turn around. I still have work tonight.
When I go back inside, there's a customer at the bar. A woman.
Touri: "Hey."
The death goddess raises her glass and smiles.
Hasekura Touri――The magician from a foreign land.
Akihito: "......welcome."
I set aside my strange, complicated feelings and trauma, and focus on my customer service.
Tianwen: "That woman asked specifically for you, mister. Ueheheheh."
An irritating laugh and dirty words.
Akihito: "You sound like the senior prostitute in a brothel."
Tianwen: "I didn't think you had a way with older women."
Akihito: "Well, I can't exactly bring younger ones down here."
Tianwen: "That aside――Akihito-kun, it feels like you and that woman have some unusual connection. What's the story?"
I'm not sure how to answer. I remember Nishiogi, the mad dog from a minute ago. This night is churning my stomach in so many ways.
Tianwen: "So it is true."
He smiles like the card dealer at a casino.
Tianwen: "If my eyes do not deceive me, she has kids. It's best not to get deeply involved. Leave it at a quick hit-and-run."
Akihito: "Thank you for the information."
I say that as monotonously as possible. If that's what he thinks is going on, there's no point talking about it.
Tianwen: "Now, I'll go do some paperwork in the back."
The owner makes it obvious he's trying to leave us alone. I go behind the counter in his place and face her.
Touri: "I like the atmosphere in here."
Akihito: "That's our goal."
Touri: "Though the bartender's smile is too stiff."
Akihito: "The manual didn't cover talking to a death goddess."
I remain wary. This isn't like last time when we bumped into each other by sheer coincidence. Actually――Can I be sure that was a coincidence?
Touri: "You're calling me a death goddess?"
She says it like it's surprising.
Akihito: "If nothing else, that's what you are to us. You could also say we're natural enemies."
Hasekura Touri came from outside my world.
She lives beyond the narrow-minded rules that bind the rest of us.
She destroys the customs of society and enacts the laws of her foreign kingdom. She is judge, jury, and executioner. A walking deus ex machina.
Touri: ""Us"......I see, so the Coμnet is maturing."
Akihito: "We know it's just an illusion though. We want a place to belong to, no matter how fragile it may be. There's too much we don't know."
Girl A doesn't tell us anything, so our fairy tale is one of blood, steel, life and death.
Coμs――Bullets that were loaded but never given a target.
I can understand why so many people go to the gigs. At least there you get something exciting to do with your avatars.
Touri: "I sympathize."
Akihito: "Why, thank you."
I'm surprised she even knows that word.
I stand less than fifty centimeters away from a being with total control over whether I remain alive or not.
I feel like a gun's being held against my forehead.
Touri: "You still need to loosen up."
Her features are stiff but well-formed. She gives off an air of beauty rather than elegance.
It's different from the sublime artistic polish of Kagome.
This woman has no flaws, though she isn't complete.
She serves just one single purpose. Functional beauty.
A true death goddess.
She smiles――If I didn't know what she was, that might have moved my heart.
Touri: "Be at ease. I'm not going to do anything in a place like this. Covering up is also part of my job, so I choose my engagements wisely."
Akihito: "You look like the type who isn't choosy about her methods."
I heave a sigh, like a prostitute telling a naive boy to come back when he's ready.
Touri: "Yes, that's right. My job is killing people. I track down my prey and promptly snatch their lives away. That's why I came to this city――Is that good enough?"
Akihito: "You know about the avatar gigs?"
Touri: "I see you're keeping up with the latest trends."
Akihito: "I take it you know we were at the last one."
Touri: "Yes. I saw you there myself."
I remember Kagome's warning. She said "at least" one person was watching us. Hasekura Touri was there as well as Takatou Nanase.
Akihito: "So why are you here today?"
Touri: "You're so prickly. I'm human too. Even I want to drink once in a while."
Her glass holds a red, murky liquid――A Bloody Mary.
Akihito: "The executor of old rules, and the killer of new ones."
Touri: "Are you talking about me?"
Akihito: "I'm referring to the woman that drink is named after. She was a queen of England."
Touri: "The avatar gigs will end."
She empties her glass. Her words are not a proclamation, but a mere confirmation.
Touri: "No matter what anyone does."
Akihito: "――"
Touri: "What?"
She looks up at me, confused.
Akihito: "Ah, nothing."
Something suddenly connected.
Touri's face.Touri's words.
Akihito: "Have we......met somewhere before? A long time ago......": ――I'm not very good at jokes.
An outline that remains in my memory. I can't decide if it fits her or not.
Touri: "......I didn't think you were that traditional."
Akihito: "That's not what I meant. I'm saying you should be more choosy about who you flirt with."
Touri: "It's not? That's a little disappointing."
I can't tell how serious she is.
The woman in front of me is death incarnate, but I don't feel as terrified as before......no, I still feel a deep, painful mix of fear and nostalgia.
Akihito: "Your job is killing people."
Touri: "That's right. I take the lives of those I'm told to kill."
Touri: "But my power isn't killing. It's willpower. The willpower is what kills people."
Akihito: "That's true even for me."
―――I remember the red color.
The smell of rust reaches my nose. I looked down with a dry heart at the blood spreading out around my feet.
Even something as heavy as life can be blown away like a feather.
I learned that everything was just a fairy tale, like that castle on the hill.
That day......
I also learned the weight of resolve. Something that should have rusted away inside me long ago.
I quiver from a red and black urge.
Ever since that day, that emotion has remained deep in my chest, without ever changing――
It's being called back again――
I'm taking hold of it once more――
Akihito: "I killed someone. I pulled the trigger with my own will, because he would've killed me if I hadn't."
Just like that time.
Something inside me stirred because I would've been killed otherwise.
Touri: "It's always the living who want death to have a reason and a meaning. The living can't process death without making stories and moral lessons out of it."
The woman in front of me proclaims:
Touri: "There's no meaning behind death.": ――There's no meaning behind death――
They overlap, far more vividly than before. Those are the same words I heard on that lonely rooftop.
Akihito: "You......are......"
Touri: "What's with that face? This is a tavern, right? Come on, pour me another."
Akihito: "......what would you like to have, miss?"
The death goddess smiles. I'm not looking at Touri anymore.
Touri: "Rum, Cointreau, and lemon juice."
Akihito: "......an XYZ?"
Touri: "Yes――It's what you're supposed to drink when something comes to an end."
====================HK_13　刃の夜想.json====================
When I return, I find Benio's already gone to bed like she said she would. I open the fridge and find some saran-wrapped plates. I mechanically insert them into the microwave.
Akihito: "......"
Having a Neapolitan in the middle of the night doesn't seem good for my health.
Maybe she had the same thought, because the side of vegetable soup is unusually large.
It feels like she thought of this only after she started making it. Unplanned kindness. It's so like Benio, it feels quite nice.
Akihito: "Let's see if it's any good."
I dig in.
I wash the dishes, then head to my bedroom. I unlock the top drawer in my desk, for the first time since returning to this city.
The mirror-like blade reflects my face.
That day, she gave me this cursed item from the edge of the world. A little shining object I can use with one hand.
But it repainted my world.More dramatically than any story.More suggestive than any religion.
Akihito: "......"
Serendipity. A word I don't understand shakes me to the core.
Something is taking shape around me. Puzzle pieces are finding their proper places.
Akihito: "......"
―――I imagine the red color.
―――The black heat rises in my chest.
I never forgot it, but it should have left me a long time ago. And yet, it's stayed intact all this time.
Benio. Haru. Izawa. Mayuki. None of us can back out of this stupid prisoner's dilemma. Likewise, I'm still imprisoned by my past.
I remember. Hasekura Touri. Her face. Her words. Most of all, how she felt.: ――There's no meaning behind death――
Akihito: "A death goddess――"
My tangled tongue stumbles over that term, like foreign words I've never spoken before.
Just one brief chance meeting under the blue sky.
I didn't know her name. I didn't even remember her face. She gave me a cursed knife and a path to live on. She told me that willpower and action can change the world.
She never even gave her name. If I'd lived on for another few decades, she probably would've melted away.
I would have only remembered her as an illusion my childhood mind invented.
Akihito: "Hasekura......Touri."
I recite the cursed name of the magician from the end of the world. A resident of another land.
Like ghost images in a TV with bad reception. The two women seem to overlap, but not quite.
Akihito: "――Uu!"
I cut my finger slightly on the blade. It was half-deliberate.
The red wakes me up. A color and a pain hidden from our daily lives.
A wound of only a few millimeters, yet it produces so many emotions I'm pushed back by them.
This pain is a boundary. Beyond it lies the concept of death. An existence that has nothing to do with the sentiments and stories we create on this side.
We can't approach it or get away from it. It's just lying there, cold and unpleasant, like a ruined building before the dawn.
That's why pain exists. It's the line we must never cross.
People have died in fights between avatars, without pain, misery, or even the sense that it really happened.
But that time was different. Everything came back to me then.
Which is why――
I have to remember it once again. I have to remember the pain and misery that come along with death.
The red color――Neon red.
Yoshimori Minato's face comes to mind. She was with that dangerous man.
―――Should I tell Benio about that?
As I hesitate, something feels off. There was clearly something different about Yoshimori.
―――Because she has friends now?
Before, she was strong and fragile because she was alone. Those parts of her weren't there tonight. No, I should say they've changed.
Akihito: "......"
I remember that group.They were kinda like us.
Prisoners connected to the black dragon. Five bullets tied to an absolute fate.
Akihito: "I guess it's not impossible."
How many connectors are there in this city? I don't know why we were picked, so I haven't the slightest idea who else is getting chosen.
All tragedies and all joys are equally likely in this gentle kingdom. The world is an unfair altruist.
That's yet another of the lessons I learned that day.
I checked the avatar gig thread before going to bed. It hasn't changed in the slightest. The posters were dancing ravenously around inconsistent information.
====================HK_14　超少女探偵繰莉.json====================
Semimaru Kururi is in the city. She swims through it. She breathes it. At times, she drifts across the surface. At others, she dives in deep.
She gathers information.
All objects are collections of information. The city and its people are all made out of information.
Apples are red.Rain is cold.
Kururi: "Flat chests are superior."
Kururi: "......"
Kururi: "Waaa, wait, don't hang up!"
Kururi: "I was just blowing off some steam. Sorry about that."
Kururi: "Yeah, I don't know yet."
She buys and sells information via electromagnetic waves.
Kururi: "There seems to be a lot behind it. It's not the carefree festival it looks like."
Kururi: "Yeah, I'm on it."
Young Woman: "Okay, understood. Now, our company's going to――"
She passes by other pedestrians talking on their own cell phones. They can't see the people they're talking to. For all they know, the others could all be pantomiming.
Is that voice beyond the sky really the person she thinks it is?
She wonders that sometimes. This is one of the systems that keeps people connected.
Kururi: "These things tend to be surprisingly close by."
Kururi: "Hmmm? Just a super-detective's intuition. Bye now, I'll report back later."
A single sigh flees to the sky. She folds up her cell phone with one hand. She twirls it around like a gunman and slips it back into her pocket.
Kururi: "Playing king of the hill can be so exhausting."
Semimaru Kururi is in the city.
====================HK_15　傷痕.json====================
I hear the light rail pass by.
The chairs and desks shake around. I'm on cleaning duty today. An inescapable duty of the physical world.
Akihito: "......did someone mop up a bunch of milk and forget to wash it off?"
The mop gives off a marvelous scent. Bacteria have been fermenting on it in the dark.
Takahashi: "Nnga! Bioterrorism! Open the window!"
Female Student A: "That stinks!"
The others make a show of pinching their noses. I go find a place where I can rinse it off.
I roll up my sleeves and turn the mop under the faucet. I think the stench of milk is weakening.
I hear a different watery noise next to me. Soejima Hisoka is using a washcloth.
Akihito: "There might be some milk flowing your way."
Hisoka: "That might be good for my skin."
A strange answer. Cleaning duty is assigned by columns, so Soejima and I are in the same group.
Hisoka: "Splish splosh."
Akihito: "Splish splosh."
I try joining her. I look to my side and see her wringing out the washcloth and rolling up her sleeves――
Akihito: "――"
My eyes are drawn to it.
A wristband she rolled up along with her sleeve. The skin that was underneath it draws my attention, like a spore-producing plant hiding away from the sun.
A white streak branded onto her already white skin. I can't take my mind off it.
Hisoka: "Ah――"
When she realizes I saw it, Soejima......
Hisoka: "Sorry."
Like the kind of girl who apologizes for some reason when you catch a glimpse of what's under her skirt. She seems so utterly unconcerned that I start to feel awkward.
She's put the wristband back already.
Akihito: "I didn't mean to look at it. I won't tell anyone."
Hisoka: "Thank you."
Akihito: "Let's get back to washing."
Our conversation is drowned out by the water.
Hisoka: "Don't worry about it, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Hm?"
It's hardly unusual. Not hard to ignore. I've known plenty of people with misfortune in their past.
Even when people have no risk of starvation, dehydration or being blown apart by land mines, they still have hope for a better life. There's nothing unusual about that.
If anything, the people who get shaken up by everyday life and constantly bring up God and love and whatnot to stabilize themselves are the ones worth despising.
Every person has their own unique circumstances. If you get too deeply involved, you can't back out. So I make a point of never doing that.
Akihito: "......"
And yet――
It won't get out of my head.
The thin streak on her slender arm.
Like a big red X slashing through an answer sheet full of mistakes.
―――I hate desperate women.
Takahashi: "......heeey, come back to Earth."
Female Student A: "How long do you two plan to keep washing?"
Before I know it, the cleaning's all done.
I walk down the orange road with an orange Soejima beside me. The angled sunbeams make our shadows stretch out.
Hisoka: "This is the first time I've walked home with you, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Yeah."
Hisoka: "Why today?"
Akihito: "Well, it just sort of happened."
Hisoka: "Did you want to ask?"
Akihito: "Eh?"
Hisoka: "About my cut."
A sudden fastball. For a moment, I'm unsure if I should be standing this close to her. 
Akihito: "......I'm really not that interested in other people's cuts, I just couldn't ignore it for some reason."
Hisoka: "Because I showed you something you didn't want to see."
Akihito: "Maybe."
Hisoka: "You're blunt."
Akihito: "I'm usually gentler than this."
Akihito: "Also, believe it or not, I'm a feminist."
Hisoka: "I see."
Soejima sounds uninterested.
I make a point of never getting deeply involved, but that hasn't been working lately, like someone threw sand in my gears.
Because of my coμ? Because I've had to do so many things for other people over the last several days?
But so what――?
Because I remembered what I truly wanted?
This isn't like me at all.
I know that, but――
Something about Soejima is affecting me, just like it did back on that roof.
Akihito: "Lately......I've been thinking a lot about how scary death is."
The blade of memories reflects my face, stained with red blood.
Akihito: "It'd hurt. Living makes you forget about that simple rule sometimes. It's almost like virtual reality. Modern humans are amazing."
Pain. That's the boundary line you cross before reaching the river Styx. An emotionless and strict fortification forbidding anyone from crossing it.
That's why people who want to cross it suffer so much. People can't easily attain the valor needed to break through it.
Hisoka: "Did someone you know die?"
Akihito: "Yeah."
Someone died. I made the decision to kill him without ever hearing his voice or feeling his presence.
Hisoka: "Dead――Everyone's just four letters in the end."
Our long shadows dance about.
Akihito: "You like to think about what happens after death?"
Hisoka: "Nothing that deep."
Akihito: "Someone once told me that death has no meaning."
Hisoka: "Hmmmm."
Akihito: "A long time ago, those words saved me. But now I want to fight back against those words."
Hisoka: "Sounds complicated."
Akihito: "Do you think part of me wants it to be more complicated? Whether or not it really is?"
Hisoka: "You're kind."
Akihito: "That hurts a lot."
I feel like she's branded me as wishy-washy. My sense of beauty strongly objects.
Hisoka: "I like people who are nice to girls."
Akihito: "Why is this all about me now?"
An orange sky. Silver-gray clouds.
Hisoka: "But......"
――The white scar.
Hisoka: "People don't die from something this small."
Akihito: "Do you want to die?"
Hisoka: "Somewhat."
A calm answer to a rude question. For some reason I feel like we're meshing.
Akihito: "I see. Is that like when people download complete saves so they can watch the final cutscene early?"
Hisoka: "I'm not sure what you're talking about......"
I can't think of a better analogy. Crap. Am I making it obvious that this is bothering me?
Akihito: "Do you still cut?"
Hisoka: "I'm not a radish."
Once again, we compete to be the most casual about it. I smile a little. I feel like I achieved something.
Hisoka: "I've stopped now."
Akihito: "Got tired of it?"
That's closer to a wish than a question. I'm not sure if I want to hear the answer.
Hisoka: "......yeah, since I can't die that way."
After a brief silence, I feel a slight pause from her.
Akihito: "Looking at the sky again?"
Hisoka: "......yeah, I was remembering five years ago."
Akihito: "Anything to do with the terrorist bombings?"
Soejima's eyes come back down to me on the ground. The western sky is reflected in her eyes.
Hisoka: "About that――No one ever tells the truth about it. It wasn't terrorism."
My heart beats coldly.
Hisoka: "It fell from the sky that day."
Akihito: "From the sky――?"
Hisoka: "Terrorism is something humans do. It isn't human."
Akihito: "You mean......God? Angels? Demons, maybe?"
Hisoka: "I don't know. But if that thing was a supernatural phenomenon......like destiny, divine retribution, or the apocalypse......"
Hisoka: "It made one mistake. It left something here on the ground."
Hisoka: "It left me."
So――
She keeps looking up at the sky, until the day comes when it returns to correct its mistake.
Akihito: "Now I can't understand you."
Hisoka: "We're even?"
Soejima's expression moves slightly.
Akihito: "Yeah."
She chuckles――I think.
We reach the station.
Akihito: "Umm, you said you live in the new heart, right?"
Hisoka: "Yeah."
Akihito: "Should we have tea while we're out here?"
Hisoka: "......"
Hesitation. I haven't seen this reaction before.
Alarm bells go off. A car is parked outside the ticket area. A man waves from the driver's seat.
Hisoka: "Well, that's my ride."
Akihito: "Haha, so you do have someone."
I felt relief.
Something about Soejima seemed worrying, so knowing she has someone close makes me less worried about her.
Hisoka: "He's kind of like my guardian."
Akihito: "He looks awfully young though."
Late twenties, maybe early thirties at most. He must be her brother or something.
Hisoka: "Lend me your phone for a second."
She makes a sudden demand with no context at all.
Akihito: "Hm? Uh, okay."
She transmits something from her phone to mine. I think we just swapped numbers.
Hisoka: "Sorry to trouble you."
Akihito: "No, it's fine."
Hisoka: "I'd like to walk home together again."
Akihito: "That's completely fine."
Hisoka: "Okay, see you tomorrow."
Akihito: "See you at school."
She walks through the turnstile. A slender silhouette in the sunlight, waving back at me.
====================HK_16　ギグ初戦.json====================
Heat writhes around in a dark, cramped place.
It's an appropriate heat for this place. A deep, negative warmth.
Izawa: "This is our debut. Let's blow them out of the water."
Takakura City. The tunnel under the bridge. After the last train departs, this place is deserted until morning.
A vacant area sealed by concrete. This is the place for tonight's avatar gig.
Akihito: "Is it just me, or is the audience smaller tonight?"
Izawa: "Nomad's not coming this time."
Akihito: "I see."
That's easy to understand. These events are ruled by whatever makes the crowd feel good. One of the simplest systems on the Earth.
The joy of violating taboos―――
The crowd can't get as excited on a night where the hero of slaughter isn't around.
Akihito: "The checks are all done, right?"
A trailer is bringing in metal fences and audio equipment. Inside the shipping container is a booth for the DJ and the organizer.
Izawa: "Yeah. I registered with a throwaway address so it's fine. Plus, I got a look at the organizer's face."
Akihito: "They called him Noiz, right?"
I remember Takatou Nanase's information.
Izawa: "From what I saw, he's another connector."
Akihito: "You're sure?"
Izawa: "I saw the rest of his coμ there. You can tell when five people hang around each other like that."
Coμs have a unique scent. They're never made up of people with any special chemistry, so how well they do get along determines how well the coμ works.
In the end, even if all five people have completely different personalities, they end up feeling similar just because they're in the same group.――Or so I'm told.
Akihito: "This is the problem with illiterate noobs."
It's all internet rhetoric. Little different from the old myth that witches don't float.
Izawa: "Keep whining and I'll kill you first."
Izawa: "I can tell whether someone has fangs or not. How is telling normal people from connectors any different?"
Akihito: "There is such a thing as working in teams. It's part of being a civilized country."
Izawa: "Keh, who cares."
Akihito: "The organizer isn't one of Nomad's connectors, is he?"
Izawa: "I don't know about that, though I'm sure we'll fight him sooner or later."
Akihito: "Hey, wait a minute, what did you just say?"
He just threw out something very dangerous.
Izawa: "Huh?"
Akihito: "You're not planning to fight that thing, are you?"
Izawa: "He's the king. We defeat him, and we become king."
Akihito: "Who cares about that!? We die if we lose to him!!"
I curse the misfortune of being paired up with such a deep thinker.
Akihito: "Besides, knights, kings, and emperors are all just fairy tales nowadays. This is Japan. Come back to reality."
Izawa: "I've always won. I don't plan on changing that now."
Our conversation's going absolutely nowhere, and he's not even listening. Not to mention Kagome's kicked your ass several times.
Akihito: "......don't you mean "we?""
Izawa: "All the more reason not to freak out about it."
Teacher, can I please change seats? I don't wanna be next to Izawa-kun!
Akihito: "Wait a minute......do you have any idea how many death flags you're giving off?"
When the hero's rival appears, he has to be invincible by default.
So before his fateful clash with the hero, he has to show the readers how strong he is by defeating someone else.
―――And that victim is typically an ambitious newbie like Izawa.
Izawa: "This isn't a manga, and I'm no red shirt."
Akihito: "Yeah, that's right. This is reality. So your fate will be even more tragic."
We glare at each other.
I finally notice people are staring at us. Their eyes hurt. A lot of them are smirking. Do they think we're having a lover's quarrel?
Izawa: "......anyway."
So he is calm enough to notice the situation we're in.
Izawa: "We're here to make a name for ourselves tonight. Screw this up, and I'll kill you."
I can't help but feel a difference in motivation.
When it comes to the avatar gigs, Izawa has become the de facto leader of our coμ.
Akihito: "Well, I don't want to make a fool of myself either. I'll do what I can."
Izawa: "Okay, let's head back to the women."
Akihito: "Stop acting like you're in charge."
The other three are waiting in a dark corner away from the bridge. Like all the other coμs, we're trying to avoid revealing all our identities to the masses.
But if we go so far away we can't see our own avatar, we won't be able to control it as well as we could if we were closer.
The real battle starts with positioning ourselves long before any avatars get summoned.
Mayuki: "So you did come back. I was afraid you'd sell us out to the organizer and we'd get flown away to some foreign country."
Akihito: "I'm glad to know what you really think of me."
Haru: "Where would you like to go, Mayu-Mayu? Southeast Asia maybe? Or Eastern Europe?"
Mayuki: "Given my age, I'm guaranteed to sell for the highest price."
Akihito: "Why are you bragging about that?"
Benio: "......"
As expected, Benio's not too happy about this.
Akihito: "Ta. Ke. Ka. Wa. San."
Benio: "Uhyo!?"
Akihito: "Ready?"
Benio: "Aaah, uuu......sorry."
She apologizes incoherently.
Benio: "I know. I know what you're saying. I......have no excuse."
Akihito: "No, it's fine. I understand not being enthusiastic about this. There's no need to be so hard on yourself."
Benio-san sighs.
Benio: "I kinda envy you at times like these, Akihito."
Akihito: "Hm?"
Benio: "I wish I could adapt that easily."
Akihito: "You mean how the simplest life forms are the best at adapting to environmental change?"
There's still time. I might as well talk to her a bit.
Akihito: "I'm gonna go talk tactics with her. We'll stay close."
Izawa: "Tsk. Make sure you're back here in thirty."
Haru: "Thirty minutes......that's enough time for a second round. If we stick to oral we can keep our clothes on too."
Akihito: "Go away, maid."
I flip the bird at her.
Mayuki: "Doing that before a fight slows your reaction times, so please don't. Boxers are required not to do that."
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, you take care of sexual education for the younger members."
Haru: "All right, O-Haru-san will go have fun over there."
Haru grabs Mayuki and walks off. She flails about like a captured alien.
Mayuki: "Wawawa!? Gyaaa, my chastity is under siege!!"
The pipsqueak's blood-curdling scream echoes from under the bridge. We leave Japan's future to the faux maid, for better or worse.
Izawa's the one who said we should join the gigs.
It's rare for that hoodlum to talk to us about something before doing it himself. Of course, he does need all five of us to agree to this.
Izawa brought us a ticket for a black train, tempting us to cross a line.
Ever since we saw that, I knew he'd say it. It happened a little sooner than I expected.
Once Mayuki and Haru agreed, he had half the votes. Since Kagome decided to abstain, he had a majority.
Basic democracy dictated we were going to join the gigs sooner or later.
Mayuki and Haru probably think of this as a fun game.
And the gigs definitely are games. Nomad is the only one crossing the line. All the other players obey the unwritten rule not to kill.
We have nothing better to do with our power, but this is both safe and thrilling. It's not a bad choice.
As for Kagome――She's not really uninterested, but I couldn't figure out what she was feeling. She isn't here tonight.
It's hard for normal people to comprehend the witch's movements.
And as for me―――
Touri: （The avatar gigs will end―――）
That proclamation still bothers me.
The smell of misfortune made me join. My coμ's peril is my own.
If that death goddess is involved, this isn't going to end well.
What's going to happen? What will I do when it does?
―――I just don't know.
Bullets flying in completely different directions.
However, we're still a team, even if that steel monster is the only thing holding us together.
Very few cars drive by here this late at night. The wind is loud. I walk under a row of lonely, orange, mercury-vapor lights.
Akihito: "Hey."
Benio: "Th-......thank you."
I hand her a can of iced coffee.
It's very cloudy tonight. I can't see the moon or the stars. It looks like a murky swamp.
Benio: "......"
Akihito: "Why's your face red?"
Benio: "Aaah, well......I was......w-worried...about what people might think......if they knew I've been to......places like this."
Akihito: "Female society is all about gossip."
I used to be curious about it, but the magic is gone now. I'll see if I can find it again in this can of coffee.
Benio: "......sorry for making you worry."
Akihito: "It's nothing."
Benio: "Akihito, you're not completely okay with this either, right?"
Akihito: "I'm not here for the same reasons as the others. Though I am somewhat interested."
Benio: "Somewhat......?"
Akihito: "The lesser evil is good enough for now."
Benio: "You're saying this is a compromise?"
Akihito: "Since our safety is assured, I figured we might as well try this game out. Though I never had a right to refuse since Mayuki and O-Haru-san were both eager."
Benio: "The way that place feels......it just doesn't work for me......"
Akihito: "It's definitely chaotic. Aren't rock concerts held in similar places though?"
Benio: "Still, even if they accepted the risks, killing people is just――"
Akihito: "......I definitely understand that."
When we met, Benio said she was an ally of justice. At the time she sounded happy, albeit embarrassed.
The gigs have no enemy for justice to defeat. No obvious force of evil like Jack was.
Akihito: "We're all groping around in the dark."
Akihito: "We don't even know that much about our own avatar yet. I dunno how long we can use it before things get dangerous, and I have no idea what other restrictions there are on how we can use it."
Benio: "In the end, nobody knows anything."
Akihito: "There may be some unknown, terrifying thing waiting for whoever learns how this power works. Or there could be nothing at all."
Benio: "So you wanna try it out and see?"
Akihito: "You'll never learn where to hold back if you don't find out what hurts."
Humans can only speak about their own experiences.
Akihito: "Right now, I think the Coμnet is still like a kindergarten sandbox."
Benio: "So......Akihito, you think the gigs make sense?"
Akihito: "The Round Table prohibits fighting altogether. The gigs want to avoid a direct conflict."
Akihito: "And like Nanase-san said, they are contributing to public security in their own way."
You can't keep the world turning just by putting a lid on all the filthy things you'd rather ignore.
You can avoid looking at them, but avatars will still exist. Every single coμ adds to the city's destructive potential. It might as well be a ticking time bomb, but no one knows when it might explode.
The Coμnet has only existed for two years. I'm not sure if that's a long or a short time.
The peace we all normally take for granted is as fragile and uncertain as a tower built on sand.
Any one of these coμs could turn into an uncontrollable monster, just like Jack the Ripper.
There are some people trying to bring order to all of that. Some of them seek order itself, while for others that's merely icing on the cake.
The Round Table.Caesar.The gigs.
Which of their methods is the most useful? We won't know until they've all been tried.
Benio: "I guess you're right. Maybe it's good to have more options."
The Round Table is a federation of states in a loose alliance.Caesar's Legion is an empire ravenously expanding its territory.The avatar gigs are a group of people living on the outskirts.
That's a rough summary of the Coμnet as it is right now.
Benio: "But......what about us, specifically?"
Akihito: "In that case, it gets a lot simpler. Someone's trying to blow off steam."
Akihito: "Babylon's coμ happens to have a certain mad dog who can't breathe without constantly biting someone."
Benio: "Ah, you're right!"
I can almost see the light bulb over her head.
Akihito: "It's better than having him randomly attack whomever he sees like Jack did."
Benio: "Mmm......yeah."
Benio nods deeply. She can agree with that more than any logical argument.
Benio: "That's true......this is definitely a lot safer than that would be."
Akihito: "So it's the lesser evil. There's still no good choice, so that's all we've got."
Benio: "Yeah......it's not like I can escape from our avatar either. Besides――"
Benio: "If I can test it out without hurting anyone......I think I can get behind that."
Benio's expression finally starts to look normal.
Takekawa Benio is a child of the sun. She isn't meant to look gloomy.
Akihito: "Time to head back?"
Benio: "Sounds good."
The name "Babylon" dances across the trailer's LCD screen. The odds on us don't pay out much.
Haru: "Wow, we're pretty popular."
Mayuki: "Doesn't look like we can make any money betting on ourselves."
We have no history with the gigs, but there are many urban legends about us.
Round Table Masters――We brought Takatou Nanase's Fuchur to the ground.Coμ Hunters――We took revenge on Karasuma Tetora's Jack the Ripper.
An unseen powerhouse. At least, that's what they see us as.
Izawa: "Who are we up against?"
Benio: ""Loreley"――"
Loreley. I've never heard that name before. Like Babylon, they're first-timers.
So they put the newcomers up against each other.
Izawa: "Let's go, you bastards. Don't fuck this up."
Izawa's already in combat mode. His wide open pupils see nothing but the enemy, even though it hasn't appeared yet.
Akihito: "We have no idea what theirs is like. Play it safe."
Izawa: "I'll crush it."
I'm a little worried.
Akihito: "You guys ready?"
Benio: "Yeah, I'm good."
Mayuki: "Let's go."
Haru: "Got it."
Akihito: "Okay―――"
Up until now, any threat to our avatar was also a threat to us. We know this is a game, but we're still tense.
I touch something under my shirt.
A talisman that should have rotted in the back of my drawer forever. I brought that unsheathed piece of steel with me.
Why did I bring it?Because something told me that death goddess would be here again.
A hard and sharp blade. The sensation keeps the core of my mind cool.
Akihito: "―――Come, Babylon!"
We connect. We load the dragon's corpse with our bullets.
Behind the metal fence, two gate lights appear.
A pitch-black dragon emerges from one.
The other is hard to describe. It's short and fat, like a baseball or a jellyfish. It floats in the air, without any arms or legs.
Haru: "How should we start? Something soft to get things going?"
Akihito: "Just judging by its appearance, I have no idea what it's going to do to us."
I don't like this kind of opponent.
A Caspar. Most of them are long-range. The category isn't well suited to close-range fights like these gigs.
Given the rules, close-range avatars will always have the advantage.
So the ones that do participate are more likely to be heavily-armored, powerful Caspars, rather than fast and lightweight ones.
A coliseum. A finite space to fight in. No obstacles whatsoever. No matter how fast you are, you can't keep running forever.
The gigs have always prioritized crowd-pleasing entertainment.
The audience likes flashy attacks, so the rules are designed to encourage large and powerful avatars rather than lightweight ones relying on finesse and trickery.
Akihito: "So, you'd think Loreley would be a terrible avatar for this tournament."
Loreley continues floating, showing no sign of impatience. The tentacles hanging from its blue-white abdomen shake around.
The odds on the screen tell the story. Even considering the fact that we can't use "Babylon's fire," we have a 99% chance of winning.
Loreley's coμ should know that. So......
Akihito: "......they must have something up their sleeve."
Akihito: "Mayuki, avoid using the shield. If you have to, make it as inconspicuous as possible."
I warn her in advance, since she's so eager.
If we wanted to play this safe, we could fully deploy our shield and charge forward.
But in exchange we'd be revealing our special ability to the masses.
The Coμnet pays attention to these gigs.
We have no way of knowing who's watching us here, so I don't want to show all our cards right away.
Izawa: "It doesn't look like it can hold its own in a fight. I'm not good with waiting. I'm just gonna crush it."
Izawa rushes forward.
Babylon moves, answering the mad dog's will.
The standard flow of a gig fight is both sides sizing each other up for a while before anyone makes a move. We ignore that completely.
Babylon accelerates. For a moment I wonder whether to stop, then I decide to push forward. A half-assed attack would only dig our own grave.
The black dragon charges forward, tearing up the concrete.
At that moment, the bottom part of Loreley's armor opens up. Jellyfish-like tentacles reach out. Its outline quivers.
The next moment, Babylon's the one shaking. A ferocious impact, as if we got sniped by an unseen shooter. The enormous body falls to one knee.
Mayuki: "It attacked!"
Haru: "Benio-chan, what was that?"
Benio: "A projectile......but it's not physical."
As a Rogue, it's Benio's job to analyze Babylon's sensory data.
Izawa: "Something definitely hit us."
Physical. One possible type for an avatar's special ability.
Attacks that involve shooting projectiles or parts of your armor are relatively popular. There are even some really nasty ones like Jack the Ripper's that can't be seen by the naked eye.
In comparison, abilities that involve heat or vibration or whatever are called phenomenal.
Using Babylon's sensory data, Benio decided that Loreley's special attack isn't physical.
There are cracks in part of Babylon's armor. It's faster than the human eye can see――
Akihito: "――Sound."
Benio: "Sound?"
Akihito: "Supersonic waves or something. I heard a ringing in my ears just now."
Though it's hard to tell whether that was from my actual ears or Babylon's.
It released strongly directed sound waves like a bullet......or something like that.
Mayuki: "A sonic boom, I see. Good thing we're not fighting Guile."
Haru: "So, what should we do?"
Benio: "We can use our pro――"
Akihito: "No, that's far too powerful to use here."
We can't use attacks that'd do damage outside the ring. Babylon's fire isn't an option.
Mayuki: "It's just floating there, never getting any closer. Do you think it's safe to assume it's weak in melee combat?"
That last impact. It didn't do much damage, but we can't let our guard down.
Akihito: "Mayuki, if that happens again block it! Izawa―――"
Izawa: "――I'm gonna crush it!"
Izawa and I are in sync. We have more power than they do.
The dragon's eyes light up with fire again. Its pitch-black body rises up.
Akihito: "O-Haru-san!"
Haru: "I'm on it!"
The Mage's fingers play an invisible keyboard. The enormous body is released from gravity.
Benio: "Gooooo!"
Gravity Control―――Speed boost!
A black cannonball. It slides along the surface with explosive acceleration, reaching its target in an instant.
That ringing again. It makes a sharp noise as we deflect it.
Mayuki's gravity shield. That supersonic weapon won't work anymore.
Deploying the shield for defense means less power for attack and movement, but that's still more than enough to defeat Loreley.
Izawa: "Uuoraaaaaaaaaaa!!"
Babylon's arm pounds into Loreley with all its inertia.
――Boing.
Loreley's outer shell warps and twists, as if we just punched jelly. From the outside it clearly looks like metal, so this movement is a complete surprise.
Akihito: "Wha――"
As I stand agape......
Izawa: "I did say I'd kill you."
The Tokarev's barrel. I can clearly see the rifling inside it. Behind it, Izawa smirks.
Akihito: "You――"
Why now?
Idiot.
Mayuki: "Hii――!"
Akihito collapses in front of Mayuki's eyes.
Half his head was just blown away, spraying red, sticky stuff all over the concrete.
Mayuki: "Hii! Hyaaaaaaa!?"
The blood flows to her feet as well. There's some gray matter in it too.
Mayuki: "M-mur-murderer!"
Her legs won't do as she tells them, so she tries to crawl away. In front of her stands someone else.
Haru: "Mmm? That's no good. You mustn't wet yourself at your age."
Haru smiles with a bright face. Mayuki finally notices how cold her thighs are.
She wet herself without realizing it. There's a small stream trailing off behind her.
Mayuki: "H-huh......? I-I have to get away......!"
Haru: "There you go changing the subject again. You have no respect for adults."
Mayuki: "Aauu!?"
Haru pulls on her ear so hard it feels like it's tearing off.
Mayuki: "O-owwww!"
The sharp pain brings out tears.
Haru: "If you think this hurts you'll be in real trouble when you lose your virginity."
Haru smiles like she just thought of something. Something she's really looking forward to.
Haru: "Ah, that's right, I have just the thing on me."
Mayuki: "Eh? Wha――......"
The maid lifts up her skirt. Sticking out of her underwear is――
Haru: "SuperVibe's Thick Black Demon――Wanna try it out?"
She pulls it out of her crotch. The vibrator looks like a venomous snake raising its black head and writhing around.
Mayuki: "Ihiii!"
Terror and malice overpower her.
And what did Haru just say? Yes, try it out. Try what out? On who?
Mayuki: "Y-you don't mean......"
Haru: "Having a vibe for your first time is so cool. I'm jealous, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "Nooooooooooo!!"
She runs, but her legs give way.
Haru closes in. Her hot pants and underwear are pulled down, exposing her wet crotch to the night air.
Haru: "It's already wet from being inside me, so this shouldn't be too hard."
Mayuki: "P-......please...stop......i-if you put that in me......I-I'll die......"
The black silicon snake approaches. Like Haru said, its surface is glistening with fluids. Mayuki gasps as she beholds its size.
Haru: "Trust me, it's fine. Akihito was just training me with this thing a minute ago.――Though he's dead now."
Her young, pink folds are tightly closed. A brutal dildo presses against them.
Mayuki: "Noooooooo!! Stop! Please stop!! I want a normal man for my first time!! God, please help!!"
Haru: "God won't mind. There's nothing in the Bible prohibiting vibrators."
Mayuki: "That really doesn't......
igiiiiiiiiiiiii!!"
Intense pain. Red lightning breaks through her crotch.
The enormous phallus pries open her tight pink shell.
Her hymen is destroyed in the first attack. Fresh blood pours out of her torn flesh.
Mayuki: "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
Izawa laughs loud, completely uninterested in the maid raping Mayuki.
Izawa: "Look at you now, huh?"
He kicks Akihito's corpse. At that moment, he feels a chill down his spine.
Kagome: "So you did this?"
Hinaori Kagome comes out of the shadows. Silver light shines on her black hair. She smiles cruelly behind her blade.
Izawa: "――You!?"
Izawa's head flies off, retaining its shocked expression.
Benio: "Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
Benio screams on the other side of the spurting blood.
Izawa's headless corpse falls to the ground, dropping the Tokarev in the process.
Benio: "......"
The handgun shines on the concrete. Behind it, Haru continues raping Mayuki.
Akihito's already dead. Benio's the only one left who can stop Haru.
Benio: "S-stop this......Kasukabe-san......"
She picks up the handgun and points it at Haru's back.
Benio: "Stop!"
She pulls the trigger.
Haru: "Guha!"
A hole opens in the maid's back, and she falls to the ground. Underneath her――
Benio: "Aaaaaaaaah!"
Mayuki's already dead. The black lance sticks out of her bloody crotch.
Benio: "Ah......aaah......"
Now that she's alone in this hell, Benio gazes at the Tokarev in her hands.
She killed one of her friends.
Her friends are dead.
Benio: "――"
She points the gun barrel at her own forehead, and moves her finger.
Someone grabs her shaking hand, stopping her.
Benio: "――!?"
Akihito stands there, still covered in blood.
Loreley's coμ is certain of their victory once the black dragon stops moving.
A sonic attack against the humans controlling the other avatar. Once the first attack hits, their victory is assured. That's Loreley's true power――Rheingold.
It's not about physical destruction so much as resonance phenomena. Once connected, activating that connection allows them to alter the other connectors' minds, sending them to a delusional hell.
Like the golden ring that twisted even the hero's destiny, Loreley's temptation directly assaults the one weakness all avatars share: The fragile human element.
No matter how invincible your avatar is, it's just a scarecrow if you can break the wills loaded into it.
The Rheingold takes advantage of the links between avatar and connector, so it's impossible to defend against it.
Loreley's armor changes shape, releasing destructive tentacles. They're weak, but it has plenty of time to take apart the enemy bit by bit.
The moment Loreley starts reaching toward it――
All of Babylon's eyes burn red once more.
―――Impossible.
Loreley jumps back.
The steel dragon breaks its silence, becoming active once again.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The dragon roars, terrifying Loreley.
The massacre begins.
It punches,gouges,and rips to shreds.
Babylon's fierce attacks destroy Loreley without opposition.
In under a minute, the battle ends.
The gig erupts with applause.
To the spectators, it looked like a landslide victory. In reality, it couldn't have been closer.
Letting that first attack hit was the critical mistake.
Akihito: "――"
My mind grows distant and nauseous. Symptoms of anemia.
I fall over, as one would expect.
Mayuki: "Please get a hold of yourself. Though this wound is pretty deep."
The loli's poisonous tongue is doing far more damage.
Akihito: "Aaah......I'm fine......I just lost a little too much blood."
There's a knife in my hand. I brought it as a good luck charm, but it was actually useful.
Just before I lost consciousness, I grabbed the naked blade reflexively. The sense of pain from my cuts brought me back to sanity. A cliche solution.
Izawa: "......crazy bastard."
Even the mad dog can't believe it.
Mayuki: "I know it's standard to hurt yourself to escape an enemy's mental attacks, but......"
Haru: "You went a little too deep."
Akihito: "......I'm not really used to doing this."
Cutting my hand wasn't enough to wake up completely, so I cut into my leg too. I wasn't thinking logically when I did it.
Haru: "It'd be bad if you were."
Akihito: "Well......hopefully I won't have to do it again."
We wrap a bandanna around my wound and tie a shirt around the base of my leg. We use a handkerchief for my hand.
The bleeding's stopped, but I've still lost a lot of blood.
Benio: "I've got a taxi! Hurry, this way!"
She rushes back to us. She must have run a long way from the street where she flagged it down.
Izawa: "......"
Someone small is calmly sitting down in front of me, looking away.
Akihito: "......what gives?"
Izawa: "I owe you now."
Akihito: "Are you going to carry me?"
Izawa: "Just grab on already!"
Akihito: "......I'm not sure this is a good idea."
I drape myself over him.
He can't support me.
Mayuki: "What are you trying to do, Izawa-san? He's seriously hurt, you know."
Izawa: "......shut up."
Haru: "Well, it's the thought that counts. O-Haru-san can do it instead."
She picks up my shoulder. The tall maid is powerful.
Izawa: "Tsk."
Someone shorter supports me from the other side.Benio.
Benio: "There......gotcha."
Mayuki: "......"
Haru: "Why are you staring?"
Mayuki: "SuperVibe's Thick Black......"
Haru: "Huh? What's that?"
Mayuki: "Everyone else completely forgot about it......that's not fair......"
Mayuki watches Haru closely.
What happened between them? Was it some kind of secret they can't tell others?
2 AM at night. Dawn is still a long ways off.
====================HK_17　暁人のお見舞い.json====================
I look up from my bed at white walls and a white ceiling.
Haru: "An angel in a lab coat wouldn't be bad either."
And a maid outfit.
Mayuki: "Please get your mind off cosplay for once. Though I did see that once in a store with irritating background music."
Benio: "That stuff loops endlessly, so you'd get brainwashed if you work there."
Haru: "Which one do boys like more? Maids or nurses?"
Akihito: "I'm not sure I want to commit to a single answer."
Haru: "Then what about curry-flavored――"
Benio: "Stoooooop!"
Benio stops her just in time.
Mayuki: "We're supposed to be quiet in here. Remember where we are."
Benio: "Oh......sorry."
Yes, this is a hospital.
They sewed up my wounds and gave me a blood transfusion. I thought I'd be back home after sleeping overnight, but apparently I was in much worse shape than that.
Akihito: "I still can't believe I've been hospitalized."
Mayuki: "Of course you were. Do you have an idea how much you were bleeding?Do you want to be――
――for the rest of your life?"
We've left out the inappropriate word.
Mayuki: "What were you thinking? Corporal self-punishment is the start of fascism, you know?"
Benio: "But you're still getting out in a week, right?"
Akihito: "Somehow."
I'm not Izawa, but that was still reckless of me. Though I probably wouldn't have done it if I was in full control of myself.
Haru: "Come to think of it, Izawacchi didn't say he'd be coming today."
Benio: "I'm sure I texted everyone about this. Did he not see it?"
Akihito: "Ah, his sister came earlier."
Benio: "That really tall girl who doesn't look like him at all?"
Akihito: "She said she was coming in his place."
I point to the vase of flowers next to my bed. She brought them here.
Benio: "So Izawa did read it? Then why didn't he just come himself!"
She pouts.
Haru: "Wow, he has a sister."
Mayuki: "And rumor has it she's a good catch."
Benio: "She did seem like a nice person."
Akihito: "It still feels like genetics doesn't apply to those two."
I wish her brother would take after her more.
Haru: "Come to think of it, did you see the slogan their site had for us? "The murderous black dragon.""
Mayuki: "That's an incredibly evil name. We're going to get slain by a hero at this rate."
Come to think of it, someone's already uploaded a video of the fight to the internet. I haven't watched it since I was worried it'd make my scar hurt.
Benio: "We only won because you hurt yourself, Akihito. Get some rest."
Next to my bed are a bunch of get well gifts. As per tradition, there's a cantaloupe and some stuff in boxes.
Akihito: "You spent a lot on this stuff."
Benio: "We got our prize money after the gig. It went to the net account we used before."
Akihito: "How much?"
Haru raises a few fingers. It's a large enough amount to feel a sense of accomplishment.
Akihito: "That's pretty good. I wonder where they get that kind of money from."
Mayuki: "Apparently we got the option too."
Akihito: "Option?"
From Mayuki, that term sounds like a bonus in a shooting game.
Mayuki: "The bonus for winning. The crowd loved it too, so we're sure to get a larger base payment next time."
Akihito: "Next time......"
It feels weird hearing her say that like it's nothing.
Benio: "What's wrong?"
Akihito: "Nothing, just thinking it's nice that there is a next time."
I think back on our fights up until now. Stinging fragments of memory come back to me.
Haru: "That's true. Up until now, it would've been an instant game over if we lost even once."
Mayuki: "Hooray for infinite continues."
Benio: "Continues?"
Mayuki: "Once again, you assume it's obscure game jargon just to make fun of me. It means exactly what it sounds like."
Benio: "I-I just didn't know what you meant, that's all."
Akihito: "That's enough."
Haru: "Okay."
Akihito: "But seriously, are we doing this again?"
The three of them look at each other.
Mayuki: "I'll do it. We must live up to the name "murderous black dragon.""
She burns with a sense of duty I can't understand.
Haru: "We do get quite a bit of money for it. I'm not sure there's any reason to stop......for now. O-Haru-san's good at backing out before it gets bad."
Haru's motivation is simple and firm. When the world ends, I'm sure she'll be among the last survivors.
Akihito: "One of us isn't here, though......but I guess we don't need to ask him."
So――
Akihito: "What about you, Benio?"
Benio: "I agree with them."
Akihito: "Oh-ho."
That's a more positive response than before. Benio seems more cheery somehow.
Benio: "I think if we make a name for ourselves doing this, it might give us some power later."
Haru: "Power?"
Benio: "To agree with what's right, or reject what's wrong."
Benio: "I don't know how we'll use it yet, but I think we're going to need that power at some point."
Akihito: "Sounds just like you."
Haru: "You're so serious, Benio-chan."
Mayuki: "If you want to encourage love and peace, the most effective choice is to become a brainless but popular idol. I understand perfectly."
Akihito: "That sounded very sarcastic."
Mayuki: "No deep meaning to it."
The true purpose of the gigs is still unclear. The death goddess' prophecy remains a thorn in my side.
I don't know what's going to happen, but I don't see a reason to turn around and flee just yet.
And the prize is appealing enough that I'm willing to give this another shot.
Akihito: "That is a lot though. We'd better hide it just in case."
Mayuki sighs weakly.
Mayuki: "......I'd appreciate it if you hid that as well."
Akihito: "Huh?"
I follow Mayuki's gaze to a classic gravure magazine.
Benio: "Nuwa!? Y-you're not supposed to point that out!!"
Benio suddenly freaks out.
Benio: "I actually saw it a while ago......but I was trying to pretend I didn't know."
Akihito: "Tell me about that sooner!"
Mayuki: "Please don't make it our fault when you're the one showing porn books to girls."
Akihito: "It wasn't there earlier! I swear!"
Haru: "It's a gift."
The culprit is in this very room.
Akihito: "You don't have to go that far!"
Haru: "O-Haru-san thought you might be a little deprived in here."
Akihito: "Just because I'm young doesn't mean I need it constantly."
The door opens with optimal timing.
Ayaya: "Senpai, Senpai, Senpai! Are your injuries all right!?"
Kagome: "......"
Two girls in school uniforms. Both of them immediately lock on to it.
Ayaya: "A-Ayayaya......"
The misunderstanding accelerates. No one can stop it now.
Kagome: "You're drowning yourself in photos rather than the real thing? You are truly lost to us, Akihito."
Akihito: "Stop with the meaningful smirk!"
Yes, that's right――This is the worst thing that could have possibly happened.
Ayaya: "U-umm, umm......so, Senpai, how are your injuries?"
Ayaya's face is still red, but I don't feel like saying anything about it now.
Akihito: "It looks like I'll be back to school next week. My nerves are fine so it's nothing serious."
Ayaya: "That's good to hear."
Ayaya looks relieved. I feel relief myself when I see that. But meanwhile, Kagome is......
Kagome: "*munch* *munch*"
She's eating the eclairs the others brought here. The gifts have completely lost their original purpose.
Akihito: "......at least ask the guy in the hospital bed before eating his food."
Kagome: "I bought these for you, Akihito, but do you mind if I eat them?"
Akihito: "Uwa, that was terrible acting."
Kagome: "That's all you get for hurting yourself on a simple outing."
Black eyes shoot through me with steel sharpness. I don't even make a sound.
Ayaya: "An......outing?"
The only person here who doesn't know about coμs.
Benio: "W-well, it was something like that."
Benio's a big help at times like this. I'm glad to have one of her at home.
I take my chance to redirect the conversation.
Akihito: "By the way, I saw Yoshimori downtown recently."
I put it into words. I feel like someone just gave me a body blow.
Ayaya: "Eh? You saw Mii-chan?"
Benio: "You did? You should've told us."
Akihito: "Sorry. So much was going on I forgot."
Akihito: "I saw her during work so I couldn't talk much, but she seemed fine."
Ayaya: "I see......I haven't heard much from her lately, so I was getting a bit worried. It's good to know that she's okay."
Benio: "That is good to hear. Yoshimori-san......"
Benio's smile brings the topic to an end.
Akihito: "――"
Yoshimori might be in a coμ now――
But that's just my guess. They may just be friends. Worrying about someone I barely know is a meaningless and powerless delusion.
Kagome: "Sentiment is a deep swamp. You can't see the bottom, and once you step in you can't pull yourself out. You'll lose more than one leg next time."
A childhood friend with a warped personality is one of the worst things you can have in life. She sees through me no matter what.
Akihito: "I know. But first, gimme that chocolate."
Kagome reflexively touches a few fingers to her mouth.
She smiles mockingly.
Mayuki: "You're an evil madam."
Benio: "Pu......pupupu......"
Kagome: "......"
It's very, very rare to see Kagome taken aback like that. A priceless sight.
Akihito: "――Oh?"
The room suddenly drops in temperature.
Kagome: "You have some nerve."
She casually pulls out a kukri knife that doesn't belong in this white room.
Benio: "Gyaaaa!!"
Ayaya: "Where did you pull that out of!?"
Akihito: "Noooooooooooo!!!!"
Long story short, I almost died in the hospital.
After my guests left......
Akihito: "Yes?"
Hisoka: "......"
An ambush.
Hisoka: "Good afternoon."
Akihito: "You came too?"
She's holding a plastic bag in one hand.
She must have brought something too. Unlike a certain someone, she probably won't eat it herself.
Akihito: "Who told you where I was?"
Hisoka: "Hinaori-san."
I'm impressed she got a straight answer out of her. The terror from earlier is still fresh in my mind.
Hisoka: "......"
Akihito: "......"
Ummm......
Akihito: "You okay?"
Hisoka: "That's my line."
Akihito: "Ah, good point."
Hisoka: "You okay?"
Akihito: "Pretty much."
Hisoka: "Good to hear."
Akihito: "Thank you."
Again, things feel strangely awkward when we talk.
Hisoka: "This is for you."
Akihito: "Oh, thank you."
I take the plastic bag. Inside is――
Akihito: "......bread?"
A full loaf. About six slices.
Akihito: "......not sure how to react to this."
Hisoka: "?"
Akihito: "Ah, it's not a joke?"
Apparently this is a serious gift.
Hisoka: "You don't like bread?"
Akihito: "Umm......I've got nothing against it......"
This isn't really about whether I like it or not......
Hisoka: "......"
Akihito: "......sorry, thank you. I'll eat it later."
She's completely serious......well, more like expressionless, but that face pushes me into accepting it.
Hisoka: "Dig in."
I look at the weight in my hand with a stiff smile. I'm really not sure what to say now......can I get any jam or margarine for it?
Hisoka: "See you at school."
Akihito: "Sorry to make you come out here."
Akihito: "......"
She leaves. I'm left with bread.
Akihito: "......does she really like this kind?"
Soejima Hisoka is not to be underestimated.
====================HK_18　学園風景.json====================
We live underneath light. Blinding sunlight that won't let me forget it.
School.The roof.
It's familiar, but I haven't seen it for a week, so――
Akihito: "――It doesn't look any different."
Ayaya: "Of course not. What would be the point in summer and spring breaks if it didn't look special in those seasons?"
Akihito: "Your face doesn't look different either."
Ayaya: "Hauaa!"
She screams as if someone just swung a sword through her back.
Ayaya: "Are you saying I lack freshness!? Novelty!? Juicy fruitiness!?"
Ayaya: "You're always so sadistic. Uuu! I didn't think you'd be so dangerous this soon after leaving the hospital!"
Akihito: "Well, I did see you there every day."
Ayaya got perfect attendance for her hospital visits. She's done well to endure the pain of that sadistic comment.
Ayaya: "It's all right. Love shall only bloom in the gentle spring, for in the freezing winter, its roots dig deep into the soil! And then one day――"
Akihito: "There will be a big flood that tears the whole tree out of the ground."
Ayaya: "Guhaaa!"
She screams as if someone sniped her from a distant rooftop.
Akihito: "Though you did keep me from getting bored."
Ayaya: "That single utterance makes everything worthwhile! Congratulations on your recovery, Senpai!"
Her voice rings out with a tone befitting the blue sky of early summer.
Akihito: "It's nothing to celebrate. I've still got tons of make-up work to do."
Ayaya: "Ayayayaya, my condolences for that~"
She looks like I damaged her somehow.
Ayaya: "So, in order to heal Senpai's mental wounds, I made an effort to wake up at 5 AM this morning!"
She's already recovered. She spreads out a picnic sheet with hamburgers, chicken, and sandwiches.
Ayaya: "Ayaya's special Senpai recovery celebration lunch! Please engorge yourself upon it!"
Akihito: "This feels like a flower viewing. I don't think I can eat this much."
Ayaya: "I assumed Kitty-senpai and Tsundere-sama would be joining us."
She's never dere though.
Akihito: "Everyone has lives of their own."
Tsundere-sama being absent is nothing new, but I haven't seen roof-dwelling creature number one for weeks now.
――Did something bad happening again?
A black premonition writhes in the back of my mind, but it evaporates in the gentle sunlight.
Ayaya: "But the love I put into this bite-sized onigiri is for you and you alone, Senpai."
There's a well-drawn pink heart on it.
Akihito: "Is this ketch......no, tarako? That must've taken a while."
Ayaya: "It did. I set each grain one by one to properly showcase my first pink love. I put as much blood, sweat, and tears into this as the old 8-bit pixel artists."
Seems like it might have a lot more iron and salt than my body needs.
Hisoka: "Looks good."
Roof-dwelling creature number two appears.
Akihito: "Wanna eat with us?"
Hisoka: "......"
She seems slightly hesitant.
Akihito: "You don't have to worry about this kouhai girl."
Ayaya: "You should worry at our age......"
She looks like she's about to dig a hole in the roof just to hide in.
Hisoka: "But......"
Akihito: "It's fine. I've trained her not to bite people."
Ayaya: "T-trained......t-trained......"
Akihito: "You should really avoid those delusions. They're not good for your health."
Soejima sits down on one corner of the plastic sheet.
Hisoka: "I got a spare biology workbook while you were gone."
Akihito: "Eh?"
Hisoka: "I'll give it to you later."
Akihito: "O-oh......thanks."
Her act of kindness is so random I'm unsure how to react.
It's times like this when I feel angry at myself.
I need to stop looking at things through such a twisted lens.
At times I envy honest people like Benio and Ayaya, though from my point of view, their behavior sometimes seems so dangerous it's bad for my heart.
Ayaya: "Mmmm! Where did this ambusher come from!?"
Hisoka: "Soejima Hisoka. Transfer student."
The elder student suddenly bows to the younger one.
Ayaya: "I-I'm Ayaya Enishi, first year. Pleased to meet you, Soejima-senpai."
That attack surprised even Ayaya. She shrinks back and blinks with confusion.
Ayaya: "Umyuu, a new rival on top of Tsundere-sama~"
Hisoka: "Tsundere-sama?"
Akihito: "Remember the girl in our class who's often absent and gives everyone evil looks? That's one of her aliases."
Hisoka: "Why don't you call her Hinaori-san?"
Akihito: "Speaking the witch's name aloud gets you cursed."
Ayaya: "Soejima-senpai, I'm going to call you Cucumber-sama since you're always cool and calm."
Akihito: "Don't. That's terrible."
Hisoka: "......Cucumber-sama.""Mystery Girl" would be far more accurate.
Akihito: "It's still lacking punch, and it feels forced."
Ayaya: "But it's important. Everyone has their own unique analogy."
I'm not sure I understand that logic.
Hisoka: "Cucumber-sama."
She seems to like it. She eats curry bread with 30x spiciness as she repeats that nickname.
Akihito: "Damn, you're actually trying it. I've never seen anyone eat that thing successfully before."
Either it's not what we think it is, or she got something from the people who made it. This legendary bread has built a mountain of corpses over the years.
Rumor has it they're going to stop selling it very soon.
Hisoka: "It's not that bad."
Ayaya: "If you like that, try this too."
One man and two women. We have far too many appetizers for the three of us.
Hisoka: "Thank you."
She smiles so slightly, I barely caught it.
I only recently realized Soejima smiles too.Just like the rest of us.
The sky is blue. The sun is bright. We live underneath light.
But night will come again.
====================HK_19-20　コミュネット06.json====================
22 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:33:56
>>1That thread filled up way too fast lol
23 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:34:02
I'm sure he didn't mean it...Wait, never mind. He was totally ignoring the guy.
24 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:34:11
The image link from the last thread already broke!Re-upload it you bastard
25 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:34:25
I figured someone would do it eventually.Maybe this is it for the gigs.
26 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:35:18
>>25Yeah, can't level up there no matter how many times you win
27 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:35:25Where's the damn image?
28 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:35:58
What's with the guys supporting MacBeth? I don't get why you'd want to encourage this
29 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:36:12You never stop being annoying
30 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:36:49
>>28That is common sense, but in that case why does Nomad get special treatment? This is all outside the law anyway so there's no point preaching morals
31 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:36:52Go to sleep guys lololol
32 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:37:35
Why aren't we all talking about how amazingly strong MacBeth-san is? I'm super hyped to see Nomad's fight now
33 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:37:42
>>30People don't really care when Nomad does it because he's just that kind of guy, though he probably knows the organizer too.
34 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:38:32
>>32That's normal. The guys acting self-righteous about this are just idiotsNot that I'm a MacBeth fanboy or anything
35 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 04:38:55
>>34Hi MacBeth
====================HK_19　ギグ２戦目.json====================
Night.
Outside my window, I hear the distant sounds of the light rail carried on the wind before they slowly and quietly fade into the darkness.
The last train of the night. A sign that the city has gone to sleep, and fanfare for the party that's about to start on the outskirts.
Akihito: "――"
I put my arms through the sleeves of my jacket. After a little hesitation, I open the desk drawer too.
The first weapon I ever held.
That day, a woman from the edge of the world told me many things.
I could live by killing the world, or live while letting the world kill me.
The world's rules.Each individual's rules.
Everyone experiences that conflict eventually.
In my case――It happened sooner than most. Too soon.It was too much for me at that age.
This knife is an apple. The act of taking it was a sin, and it's kept me out of paradise ever since.
This knife is a snake. Wisdom showing me where to go once I left paradise.
A weapon to cross beyond the world's borders.A weapon to keep the world from killing me.
To ensure I'd remember the red and black emotion I felt when――
Akihito: "――"
Unlike last time, I keep it in its sheath as I tuck it under my jacket.
A single streak of steel beside me, like an invisible bullet.
Kagome: "Going on an outing again?"
Akihito: "Yeah. See you later."
Wind blows from the veranda I thought was empty. The sweet smell of a woman's skin drifts inside.
Like the wingbeats of a raven, the curtain flutters in the night breeze.
Kagome: "What is that thing worth? Less than 500 yen?"
Akihito: "Leave it alone. It's just a banana, so it doesn't matter."
Kagome: "What are you so afraid of? Who do you think can kill you?"
Outside the window, the city's lights cut through the woman's outline. The wind makes the curtains flap, disturbing my heart. The witch whispers to me.
Kagome: "You're the king, protected by an absolutely invincible castle."
Kagome: "You could kill anyone you don't like and never give someone else the chance to lay a finger on you. You know you have the power to do that."
Akihito: "Babylon isn't my power."
Kagome: "Oooh?"
Akihito: "That's just a monster's corpse. A tool with no will of its own. My will is the real power, which is why――"
Kagome: "Why what?"
Akihito: "No matter how far we go with this, I'm still――――Afraid."
Power can hurt people.
Power can destroy things.
But if you don't have power―――
The world will kill you.
This gentle kingdom never makes any distinction between humans, pebbles, prayers, and despair.
So to avoid getting killed, you have to kill, steal, and destroy.
You create your happiness with the carcasses of existing happiness.
―――That fundamental contradiction.
The curtain flutters, covering Kagome's face. Only her mouth shows a smile.
Kagome: "So you aren't overexcited. I'll give you a pass, then."
Akihito: "............thank you so much."
The dead ruin has life blown into it for just one night.
This is the place for tonight's avatar gig. Metal fences and heated gazes under the moonlight. Low, heavy music and fires in drum barrels fill the primeval festival.
Haru: "Oooh, lots of people here tonight."
Several gigs have taken place up on the hill. It's a nice deserted place that meets all the requirements.
Plus, all the empty rooms in the abandoned buildings make it easy for coμs to hide themselves.
Mayuki: "This is our second battle. Let's make sure we're murderous and black two nights in a row."
Benio: "I don't know what that means, but......was there really a point in doing all that training with fighting games?"
Akihito: "You skipped school today to play games with Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "That arcade is a holy sanctuary where the highest level fighters in Takakura City gather."
Mayuki: "No doubt the improvements to your motor reflexes will transfer over to controlling our avatar."
Benio's face is pale. I'll avoid asking what cruelty she endured.
Izawa: "......"
Haru: "What's wrong, Izawacchi?"
Izawa: "Shut up. Leave me alone."
Mayuki: "Mr. Lone Wolf is upset again. Don't touch him, or you might catch his rabies."
Izawa's on edge, but it's not quite the same as last time. He was just high on adrenaline before.
Izawa: "Tonight, we'll crush them right away. We're not taking a single hit."
He must still be bothered by the fact that he owes me from last time. He's surprisingly loyal......or just socially awkward.
Our fight is the third one tonight. We won't be waiting long.
Haru: "Our opponent is......"
The name Uroboros appears on the LCD screen.
Mayuki: "This one has two wins under its belt. That's less experienced than most of them."
Benio: "Huh......? Wasn't Uroboros......"
The name rings a bell for Benio. At that moment, shrill supersonic waves rush through the seats.
Abandoned rooms. Shattered glass. A ready-made coliseum of metal beams.
Shrill voices fly across the battlefield, completely inappropriate for a place where steel fantasies are about to vie for dominance.
Groupie 1: "Kyaaaa! Kirihitooo!"
Some goth loli girls scream on the sidelines. When I first saw them, I assumed they were lost.
Kirihito: "My beautiful faeries......tonight you may once again intoxicate yourselves with the rhythm of my battle――!"
And then, five people appear in even gaudier outfits than the girls. They enter the coliseum with applause. All five of them have makeup and carry instruments.
Kirihito: "The night is young......so listen up. This is our new song......Blue-Blooded Fallen Angel――!"
Groupie 2: "Kyaaaa!"
For some reason, they start playing music. It's a thoroughly self-centered visual kei performance.
Akihito: "Ummm......"
Mayuki: "I want to say this is painful, but they've gone so far that word is a terrible understatement."
Haru: "O-Haru-san's in shock. They've outdone us in so many ways."
Akihito: "Why would you want to beat them at this?"
Benio: "Sorry, a friend of mine is a fan of theirs, so I've been to one of their concerts before......I had no idea they were a coμ though."
Akihito: "Your friends have great taste."
Izawa: "......these bastards piss me off."
At least it's getting Izawa motivated.
Akihito: "Plus they're drawing tons of attention to themselves."
Connectors always try to stay hidden when possible, but for some reason those guys don't care about that. They're trying so hard to draw attention to themselves it's almost refreshing.
Benio: "Is this some kind of PR stunt? Do they see this as their major debut?"
If so, I can't help but feel they're completely misunderstanding something. Beyond this chaos lies only――
――The death goddess.
Hasekura Touri. The archenemy of all coμs, including mine――
Touri: "――"
She looks at my face, and smiles.
Benio: "What's wrong?"
Akihito: "It's nothing."
A festival that's caught the goddess' eye. The plans of countless humans are consumed by the madness.
After the visual kei band finishes playing their new single, the match finally begins.
The crowd is so pumped up it's irritating.
Akihito: "I feel like we're playing an away game now."
The fence is covered by the other coμ's groupies.
Izawa: "Ha! Who cares who's watching? I don't like them, so I'll tear them apart."
Haru: "You'll never get popular if you don't care for your fans."
The match begins. Two gate lights appear in the combat zone.
Mayuki: "Thou who dwelleth in the deepest darkness, et cetera!"
Mayuki: "Alpha Omega!!!!"
Haru: "You're leaving the rest out, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "I'm not sure if it fits the context so I'm planning to come up with a new one soon."
Benio: "You're not sure......"
Five wills are loaded into it. Life returns to the metal corpse. The black monstrosity activates.
Kirihito: "Come forth――Lohengrin!"
The band's vocalist holds his right hand over his face as part of a strange summoning pose.
Haru: "Mayu-Mayu, he's beating you. Maybe you should just strip."
Mayuki: "I don't really want to beat them at this."
Akihito: "――An Ivanhoe."
What appears is a humanoid avatar holding a long weapon.
Closer to a human shape than a Pantagruel. Both categories are good at melee combat, so they're very common in the gigs.
Benio: "Looks like a typical opponent."
Akihito: "Honestly, I'm just glad we'll be able to read them. That thing shouldn't be as weird as the Caspar last time."
Kirihito: "Hear me, oh Babylon. Despicable dragon. There is no beauty in the way you fight. We, on the other hand, express our decadent aesthetics through combat as well as music."
Kirihito: "The red moon shall lament tonight, for my sword is a silver blade of judgment to ensure these girls――"
Everyone in the ruined building watches warmly as the leader of Uroboros strikes a magnificent pose.
Izawa: "......can I hit that dumbass?"
Akihito: "I guess so."
Babylon's tail flashes. The knight is blown back into the metal fence.
Mayuki: "He didn't even try to dodge that, did he?"
Benio: "I think he honestly wasn't expecting that. It's sorta pitiful."
I'm not feeling any tension at all yet.
Kirihito: "What vermin! How dare you attack during my speech!"
Akihito: "Umm, you could have dodged that."
I know they can't hear us, but I can't help myself.
Izawa: "The match started ages ago, you shithead!"
He charges forth without a moment to spare.
Speed Boost――
Haru's fingers play a fictional keyboard.
By weakening the pull of gravity on itself, Babylon achieves explosive acceleration.
It swings its tail around like a pirouette.
Kirihito: "That won't work twice!"
So he can learn. He jumps out of the way of Babylon's tail, and leaps forward before we regain our footing.
Kirihito: "Destroy――Sword of Oblivion: First Form――Angel's Lament――"
The blade in its right hand starts to glow. The steel knight traces an elegant spiral with it.
Then its right hand evaporates, as if it just teleported.Into Babylon's mouth.
Kirihito: "Wha――"
Izawa: "Your attack names are way too long."
Mayuki: "Why do you have to spin around before swinging your sword?"
Shrill cries echo. I quickly start to feel like we're the bad guys.
Akihito: "This is getting really unbearable......"
Benio: "Yeah."
Babylon slowly backs off, keeping its distance. Lohengrin has lost an arm and its weapon. It's probably lost half of its combat strength.
Kirihito: "Hu, huhuhuhuhu――What a fool, giving your opponent time to recover when you had the advantage."
Kirihito: "You are weak, Babylon! You've thrown away your greatest chance to defeat me!"
Haru: "Doesn't that contradict what he was saying earlier?"
The armor on Lohengrin's chest changes shape. Inside is what looks like a cannon, glowing blue.
Kirihito: "Scatter――Gates of Certain Death: Zeroth Form――Coqus――"
An attack of incomparable power, like Babylon's fire. I can imagine the explosion. But――
Akihito: "Sorry, I can't wait that long."
Babylon shakes his head. The knight's right arm is released from its fangs. It soars through the air, spinning around.
Still holding the sword.
The long blade runs through Lohengrin's chest. Its own weight crucifies its owner against the metal fence.――Now it's a shishkabob.
ＤＪ: "Match seeeeet!!"
The crowds cheer at the conclusion.
We head out of the ruined building.
We hang out in a different building to avoid the hot air in the coliseum.
Haru: "We won."
Mayuki: "Yes. Yes we did."
Benio: "G-guys, why all the long pauses?"
Izawa: "A win is still a win. That's two in a row for us――We're one step closer to Nomad now."
Akihito: "You still think that's going to happen?"
Izawa: "We have to do it soon before he levels up any further. Once we're at the top, we'll have access to the gig's resources."
He smiles. He's wicked, but he's not insane.
Izawa: "The money that moves through these gigs dwarfs any of the stingy deals going on downtown."
Izawa has ambitions, not just a desire for violence. He's calm and rational, but all the more dangerous.
An unavoidable tempest that could bring us all into catastrophe, but not unlike that man.
Gasai Itsuki――Another dangerous man.He forces his danger on all those who interact with him, whether friend or foe.
???: ""Once we're at the top?" I can't let that go uncontested."
The response and its timing feel almost scripted, but that's strangely appropriate for her.
Akihito: "――Rondo Rondo."
Rondo Rondo. Brown skin and vivid blonde hair. She makes me think of a rose blooming in a foreign land.
We met her on the same night we saw the legendary avatar called Sting. A red girl we met at the scene of a slaughter.
Rondo: "Yes, I'm Rondo Rondo."
I feel like I've seen an illusion of magnificent flowers.
Iroha: "And I'm her best friend, Kimizuka Iroha."
Another girl appears behind the red princess.
She's short-haired and energetic, her nose moving like a dog's. Healthy legs extend from denim hot pants. She looks like she's dressed for PE class. When I look closely, I can see freckles on her face.
Benio: "Rondo......we saw you back when......"
Mayuki: "Who is she? She already seems to know who we are."
Haru: "Ummm, Akihito, do you know her?"
Akihito: "Stop making it sound insidious."
Akihito: "We met her one night after fighting the BKs. That's why we both know each other."
Hiding your identities is common sense for connectors, but if you stay cooped up in your room forever the world will leave you behind. Everything in moderation.
Akihito: "I remember you saying we'd meet again, but I'm surprised to see you out here."
Iroha: "Heheh, so you're the Mizuwa-san she was talking about. I've heard loads from Rondo. Like I said, I'm her friend, Iroha."
Akihito: "Hi, I'm Mizuwa."
Izawa: "Irritating women. What the hell are you doing here?"
Izawa's standard policy is to pick fights with everyone he sees.
Iroha: "Oh my, you don't know what we've been up to? Even the famous dragon coμ is just a bunch of beginners here."
She lights the powder keg.
Izawa: "What did you say?"
Haru: "Aaah, stop provoking each other. The scary men over there are looking at us."
The gig's bouncers. I don't feel like finding out whether they're carrying real guns or not.
Akihito: "I did check the rankings online. You've won three matches so far, right?"
I did see the name "Miss Jh" online, so this reunion wasn't actually that big of a surprise.
Rondo: "That's right, and now it's four wins."
She runs her fingers through her hair. She couldn't be more photogenic.
Izawa: "Keh! I look forward to laughing when someone pulls the rug out from under you."
Rondo: "I have a goal."
Light in her eyes. Her pleasant smile is replaced by a dark heat.
Rondo: "And I have the will to make it a reality. I won't lose to the riffraff back there who just want to have fun."
Akihito: "You sound confident."
Rondo: "The strong have no reason to doubt themselves."
Haru: "Oh my, someone's in a good mood. I think I want to braid your hair."
Akihito: "That makes no sense."
Iroha: "Well, confidence is one of Rondo's good points. I'd like to offer our friendship, but that's not really an option here."
Akihito: "Because we'll have to fight each other soon?"
Iroha: "If you guys keep winning, that'll happen eventually."
Mayuki: "Then I will show you the Yuubana-style Revolving Summons."
Benio: "That doesn't sound very powerful......"
Iroha: "I look forward to it, Chibi-chan. But avatar fights aren't about an individual's skills. In the end, it's the more unified group that wins, not the smartest or the most courageous."
Akihito: "That sounds a lot like saying a tightly clenched fist has stronger punches."
Mayuki: "Grip strength times body weight equals power. I read that in a manga once."
Iroha: "Are you guys feeling all right?"
Kimizuka Iroha provokes us with a smile.
Izawa: "Huh?"
Mayuki: "Are you trying to pick a fight with us or something?"
Iroha: "In the end it's always your closest friends who hold you back......hope that doesn't happen to you guys, right Rondo?"
Rondo: "Absolutely, Iroha."
They smile together. I think I can hear Izawa's blood vessels bursting.
Izawa: "You bitches......if you want to die that badly we can fight right here, right now."
Akihito: "Don't do that."
I stop him, exuding as much irritation as I can.
Izawa: "You're just gonna back down when trash like this is insulting us?"
Akihito: "I really wish you'd learn to ignore provocation like that."
Just look at how the maid does it.
Akihito: "You guys weren't acting like this last time."
Rondo: "Things are different now. Here, you're an enemy we'll have to defeat at some point, and then a flower to decorate my path to victory."
She's eager to crush us.
Rondo: "The strong get to make the rules out here. That's why I need to win."
Rondo: "That's all I have to say."
Akihito: "Does that include beating Nomad?"
Rondo: "If we have to fight him, we will."
She doesn't fear Nomad. Death doesn't concern her.
I vaguely sense that Rondo has the same willpower that I do.
Akihito: "Could I ask you something?"
Rondo: "What is it?"
Akihito: "What does the king of this hill get to do?"
Izawa ridicules.Iroha displays her anger.Rondo smirks slightly.
Rondo: "I'm going to get Caesar's avatar――El-ahrairah to come to the gig."
El-ahrairah.Another legend of the Coμnet.
No one knows who Caesar really is, but he's charismatic enough to bring all the wild militant coμs together into an enormous "legion" under his control.
The avatar who obeys Caesar is the silver El-ahrairah, said to be invincible.
Akihito: "......why on Earth would you want to do that?"
Rondo: "Because I want to kill Caesar with my own hands."
Rondo's will turns into a blade. Heat. A scorching red lance to pierce her enemies.
Is that anger or hatred? Some mad emotion surges through Rondo.
Caesar hasn't been choosy about his methods, so while he did make an enormous army, he also made many enemies.
It's entirely possible that Rondo is one of them.
Rondo: "I will destroy El-ahrairah in a one-on-one fight. That's the safest way of doing it."
Iroha: "Caesar's really careful, so he'll never show himself in front of people. That means we have to lure him out somehow."
Rondo: "What Iroha said. Sooner or later, the avatar gigs will affect the entire Coμnet."
She stands tall, without a shred of self-doubt.
Rondo: "We need to become such a huge monster that even Caesar can't ignore us. Like Gaiseric or Attila at the gates of Rome."
Izawa: "Keh, this is stupid."
Izawa spits on the ground. That's the end of their conversation.
Benio: "Hey, Rondo."
Benio was watching quietly until now. She finally saw an opportunity to say something.
Benio: "......you want to kill Caesar?"
Rondo: "Yes."
Benio: "What if I said you shouldn't?"
Normally Benio can tell what you should or shouldn't say, but once in a while she gets it amazingly wrong. Like now―――
Mayuki: "This is why hot-blooded characters are such a pain."
Rondo: "――"
Rondo's expression vanishes, like a freezing flower.
Benio: "What you're trying to do probably seems right to you."
Benio: "But I'm going to say it anyway. I want you to stop thinking about killing him, or else you'll be no better than he is."
Iroha: "......"
Benio's being so normal I could almost laugh. A runaway justice train. A pushy salesman of morals.
Rondo: "You......"
Underneath the mask of her good looks, a woman's face wavers.
Rondo: "You're surprisingly shameless."
Deep inside Rondo's eyes, I see the same dark, murky heat from a minute ago.
Benio: "――――"
Benio's not innocent herself. She decided to take up arms against Karasuma the coμ hunter just like the rest of us.
Mayuki: "Benio-san's scary because she can say these things and mean them."
Haru: "It's hard to tell the difference between an ally of justice and a troublemaker."
Izawa: "Not bad at all, Ironing Board."
Mayuki: "This one means what he says too."
Rondo: "All right, I'll tell you why I have to kill Caesar――"
Akihito: "Stop."
Other people's circumstances are nothing but minefields. There's no way to know what parts will get blown away once you step into them. Walking in naked is just stupid.
That's why Benio's an idiot.
Benio: "Akihito――"
And that's what makes her Benio.
Akihito: "You can tell us your life story some other time."
Rondo: "All right. Maybe I'll put it in my autobiography."
She accepts my suggestion and nimbly turns away, like part of a choreographed routine.
She's back to the usual Rondo Rondo.
After that, Benio felt miserable about what she did, but I kinda expected that, so we left her alone.
Haru: "Let's leave her alone."
Mayuki: "Agreed."
Izawa: "Cut her head off and bury it."
During that time, Miss Jh gets its fourth win.
Their opponent was Reconquista, who had four wins already, so they were one of the gig's regulars.
Their avatar was an Ivanhoe called El Cid. Despite their longer history, it was annihilated in no time at all.
Thirty-two seconds after the match started.
Rondo's avatar rushed into close-quarters just as the match began.
Miss Jh is a Burroughs. I thought that meant the Ivanhoe would have the advantage in close quarters, but Miss Jh defeated it a moment later.
I don't know what its power is. A single appendage shot forth like a lance, disabling El Cid completely.
Her prediction was so true it's sickening.
Izawa: "Tsk, they won already? That was boring as hell."
Akihito: "Performers must never forget to entertain their audience......"
Haru: "Now once more, with feeling."
Mayuki: "The misfortune of others tastes like honey."
Akihito: "I'd really like to see what parents managed to bring you up."
Mayuki: "You want to see my parents? That's a twisted proposal with a cleverly hidden ulterior motive. I believe all pedophiles deserve to die in the utmost agony."
Akihito: "Benio-san, Benio-san, Rondo won!"
Benio: "Aau......I know......"
That reaction reminds me of her previous breakdown, but this time it looks only like straight-up regret. She'll recover in no time if I leave her alone. I hope.
Izawa: "Keh, fine. Go nuts being depressed."
Akihito: "Don't glare at me when you say that. She's the sad one. Not me."
Mayuki: "So you're the type who can't whip the dead."
Haru: "Oh my, Izawacchi's so kind."
Izawa: "......tsk, shut up, you perverse maid. It's nothing like that."
Izawa walks away by himself.
Haru: "You're going home already? There's still a few matches left."
Izawa: "Why would I be in any mood to stay? Hey, Mizuwa. Make damn sure Ironing Board pulls herself together before the next gig."
Akihito: "Yeah......I'll do what I can."
Izawa leaves before the rest of us.
As a result, he misses the biggest event of the night.
====================HK_20　密とデート.json====================
The long steep road up to our school. Partway up is a terrace. From there, I look down at the city.
Just before sunset. The skyline sinks into light gray and vermilion. The Takakura Suspension Bridge catches light reflected by the Naruko river.
Hisoka: "――Here I am."
A voice from behind me. If this place has a flaw, it's that the view is too good. I completely failed to notice her walking up behind me.
Akihito: "Ah, sorry. You didn't have to come out here on a sick day."
Behind me, she's wearing her normal clothes. A fresh look.
A denim jacket and hot pants, arranged so as to reveal part of her midriff. The gap between this and the school uniform feels like slight culture shock.
Hisoka: "It's all right. I drank my medicine so I'm feeling better than I did earlier."
Akihito: "......I see. Good to hear."
For a moment, my eyes are glued to her.
Hisoka: "......"
Akihito: "......"
Hisoka: "......were you worried about me?"
Hisoka: "Your call surprised me."
After exchanging a few words, I felt the usual awkward silence. But for once, Soejima was the first to break it.
Akihito: "Well, you were missing from school again right away, so......"
Hisoka: "But this isn't the first time that's happened."
Soejima has a lot of sick days, but today the empty seat bugged me.
Someone's space.Someone's absence.Someone's vacancy.
What really bugs me is――My memories of this weekend.
Akihito: "You sure? Well, either way, I was worried."
Hisoka: "......"
Akihito: "......"
Hisoka: "Honestly, I'm grateful."
Akihito: "Not happy?"
Hisoka: "I'm happy and grateful."
She corrects herself quickly.
Akihito: "Glad to hear it."
The red evening sunlight throws off my sense of color.
Hisoka: "The scenery's nice."
Soejima follows my gaze.
Akihito: "Yeah, it is."
From far away, the buildings look like a diorama.
Somewhere in this city, someone else is――
Hisoka: "What were you thinking about?"
I think that's the question I get asked most often.
Akihito: "A thesis on the human condition entitled "I'm hungry.""
Hisoka: "Same."
Glory. Justice. Sentiment. Subjects that never get discussed until after you're clothed and fed.
Akihito: "I'll pay. Any requests?"
Hisoka: "You don't have to."
Akihito: "It's fine. I got some spare cash recently, so my wallet's gaining equity."
Hisoka: "In that case......something that's easy on the body?"
She adds a question mark for some reason.
Akihito: "What would that be? Warm and soupy?"
Hisoka: "Like tom yum goong."
A faint but unyielding desire.
Akihito: "That doesn't sound easy at all."
In fact, that's quite hard on the body. I think of a certain Greek city-state.
Hisoka: "I'm fine with anything you like, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "......okay, I'll just pick something at random."
Soejima and I walk side by side into the city.
Uniformed students on their way home are the most noticeable pedestrians. The suits will start multiplying a few hours later. We walk down a brick alleyway together like a movie couple.
Akihito: "There used to be a Thai place here."
A relatively new sign. The coloring is so strong, I almost sweat.
Hisoka: "......"
The gaze of a cat targeting prey. I half expect her to stretch out her neck.
Akihito: "......okay, we'll go."
Conclusion: She's significantly easier to understand than she looks.
Preparations complete.
The setting sun has a cayenne color.
Akihito: "All that sweat feels kinda nice now."
That green curry looked calm and refreshing at first glance, but it was the largest mine I could have stepped on.
Hisoka: "Yes."
Akihito: "Thanks."
Soejima hands me a can of juice.
Akihito: "......is this carbonated?"
Hisoka: "Yeah."
Additional damage with zero malice.
Akihito: "I can really feel that."
Spices have tortured my tongue, and now the stimulation of soda runs rampant over it. The evening breeze feels good on my sweaty face.
Akihito: "Did you bring your medicine?"
Hisoka: "Yeah."
She drops quite a few tablets into her can of juice. They remind me of Kagome's diet supplements for some reason. Though Soejima actually needs hers, so maybe I shouldn't compare the two.
Hisoka: "Thank you. Today was fun."
Without any embarrassment, just like when she looks up at the sky. Soejima's cool gaze is blinding.
Akihito: "I owed you for the workbook too. That was a huge help."
Hisoka: "Good to hear."
Keiko: "Nii-chan, Nii-chan, look over there!"
I hear a familiar voice up ahead.
Keiko: "Akihito-saaaaaan!"
Izawa: "Don't use his first name. You're not that close."
A lively voice and a displeased voice. The mismatched pair greets us. One waves with a smile. The other is brutally unsociable.
Akihito: "Thanks for visiting me in the hospital......you too, Onii-sama."
Izawa: "You'd better not be......"
He glares at me and his sister.
Akihito: "I know what you're thinking, and it's a misunderstanding."
I'm not suicidal enough to lay a hand on this guy's sister. Making the impossible possible isn't my style.
Keiko: "Is this your girlfriend?"
Hisoka: "......"
An odd question.
Akihito: "Just a classmate."
A safe answer.
Keiko: "Hmmm......well, I'm Izawa Keiko, one of Akihito-san's friend's sisters."
Hisoka: "I'm his classmate."
Someone pulls my sleeve.
Akihito: "Hm?"
Keiko: "What was that for? She wanted you to say yes."
Akihito: "......she did?"
Keiko: "Girls can always tell when other girls feel that way."
Akihito: "Girls must never be underestimated."
I sort of believe her, but not quite.
Suddenly, I feel a sharp gaze piercing through me.
Izawa: "......hey."
Akihito: "Pipe down, siscon."
Izawa: "......no, not that."
He's lowering his voice. His eyes are dangerous. I smell an early night breeze.
Izawa: "What the hell are you doing?"
Akihito: "Huh?"
Izawa: "Think carefully about your answer."
Akihito: "I still don't know what you mean."
I follow Izawa's gaze.
I see the skyline beyond the park. The Takakura Suspension Bridge looks the same as ever. Did he see a UFO or something?
Hisoka: "――――――"
Soejima hums a familiar melody. The theme song to an old movie.
I think it was called―――"Beyond the Rainbow."
That surprised me completely. I didn't think she was the type to hum.
Her shallow gaze turns toward the western sky. It's burning like a Gogh painting.
Izawa: "......"
Izawa's gaze is as prickly as a hedgehog.
Akihito: "Seriously, I have no idea what you're mad about."
Izawa: "We're leaving, Keiko."
Keiko: "Eh? O-okay......don't fight, okay? Nii-chan?"
Izawa walks away quickly, leaving Keiko baffled.
Akihito: "Bye, Keiko-chan."
Keiko: "Bye, Akihito-san――And your girlfriend!"
She waves goodbye as she yells and rushes to catch up. I feel like I've been left in a trap.
Hisoka: "......even though you said I was a classmate."
Akihito: "Yeah."
Hisoka: "Do we look that close?"
Akihito: "We might've."
Hisoka: "In that case――"
The warmth of her fingers. An unreliable connection is formed.
Akihito: "You wanna walk like this?"
Soejima nods. No words. For some reason I get the feeling her cheeks are a bit redder, but that's probably just a trick of the sunlight.
I start walking, and gaze at the flowing river. It's calmer than the wind right now.
We walk through the park for quite a while. Light purple air after the sun sets. The statue of a winged goddess meets us at the end.
Hisoka: "......"
Akihito: "Sorry, does this bring back memories?"
The incident five years ago. I know Soejima's self-harming is connected to that, and yet......
A monument for the dead souls. For some people, it has the opposite of the intended effect.
Hisoka: "No, I'm fine."
She looks up at the monument from slightly below me.
Hisoka: "No one can run away from the past. It's always connected to me."
Akihito: "――"
Hisoka: "Just as you're connected to me, Mizuwa-kun. I can't erase the time I've lived."
Soejima's words always seem to resonate deep within me.
――Because she's the same as me.
Akihito: "Hmm."
It doesn't matter whether people face their past or turn their backs on it. It's just a bunch of facts lying beside us at all times.
Hisoka: "This monument......"
Akihito: "Hm?"
Hisoka: "I don't really like it."
Akihito: "Well, I guess the design is questionable."
God――An equilibrium for all this world's contradictions. A bottomless bag you can put anything in. If you look inside, it's empty.
Hisoka: "――I'd like to break it."
Akihito: "Break it?"
Hisoka: "Yes. Together."
Akihito: "Together?"
Hisoka: "Yes. Me and Mizuwa-kun."
A faint smile appears on Soejima's face. She looks like a happy child.
Hisoka: "I want you to be my accomplice, Mizuwa-kun――"
I return home. Benio's not back yet.
Akihito: "――"
I'm alone.
My left hand. I remember the slight warmth that clung to it.
I don't feel like checking the internet.
I don't want to wipe out my feelings today with the heavy burden of reality.
We won our second match in the avatar gig on Saturday. In one of the higher-ranked matches, MacBeth's coμ crossed a line.
――They destroyed the opposing avatar.
The festival has an unwritten rule not to kill. Until now, only Nomad was able to escape that because sacrifices were being chosen for it.
MacBeth broke that taboo. They ignored the order to stop and completely destroyed the other avatar. The other coμ's group death is already on the news.
The Coμnet's attitude toward the gigs changed overnight.
Some praise them.Others denounce them.
Those who watch the gigs are interested in only one thing: The fate of MacBeth, now that they've committed that sin――
Plus it'll get harder for the Round Table to keep ignoring the gigs.
Fights between avatars in which no one died. The one point justifying those gigs has utterly collapsed.
Breaking a rule creates a tiny ant-sized hole. Will it close up again? Or is it the first step toward a new chaos?
For now, everyone watches with bated breath.
My cell phone rings.
A contradictory sound of anticipation and unease scrambled together.
Yoshimori: "――Mizuwa?"
Akihito: "Yoshimori? This is unusual. Did something happen?"
The sounds of the city melt into the electromagnetic waves between our phones.
Yoshimori: "You saw the gig on Saturday, right?"
My heart beats cold. One more puzzle piece.
Yoshimori: "My coμ was there."
Akihito: "You were with that Nishiogi guy?"
Yoshimori: "Yes. One day we were suddenly connected."
Nishiogi's group. They did feel a little like a coμ.
Akihito: "It was quite similar for us."
Yoshimori: "That black dragon......it's called Babylon, right? It was pretty strong."
Akihito: "Strength is a relative thing. It depends on the opponent."
Yoshimori: "What if you were up against Nomad?"
Akihito: "We'd probably lose. I just don't see us beating it."
That's my honest opinion.
Akihito: "We're the types of people that have to come up with reasons to kill someone......so we can't fight that thing."
Silence beyond the phones.
Yoshimori: "I see."
Disappointment. Resignation. Puzzlement.Amidst that chaos of emotions――
Yoshimori: "In that case, maybe it's not hopeless for us. We're not like that, after all――"
Yoshimori: "We've already crossed that line."
A faint hope forms in her dark voice.
Akihito: "Wait......you mean...your coμ is......?"
Yoshimori: "That's right. We're MacBeth."
Akihito: "......haha."
A dry, weak laugh. That's all I can produce.
A familiar rule. All sorrows and all joys are equally probable here.
Yoshimori: "Did you already know that?"
Akihito: "Of course not."
Yoshimori: "You don't sound very surprised."
Akihito: "It's been nothing but surprises since we got connected. I dunno how much longer I can keep up with it."
Yoshimori: "Anyway, I have a request."
Akihito: "If you want us to throw a match, it'll depend on the price."
Yoshimori: "Huhu, you never change......but it's not that. It's about the fact that I'm part of MacBeth."
Yoshimori: "I want you to keep it a secret from everyone else until the end......especially Ayaya......and Benio."
I get an unexpected glimpse of her true self. She's so defenseless that I hesitate for a moment.
That's it? Nothing else? Don't you have more to say to me? Isn't there more I should say?
A heavy emotion builds in my chest.
There's nothing I can do about this.
That's right. I've known this for a long time.
We're all this helpless.
But, there should still be something I can―――
Yoshimori: "............"
A heavy silence conveys her resolve. What can I say to someone who's already made up her mind?
Akihito: "......all right."
My powerlessness takes the form of those two words.
Yoshimori: "That's all. Bye."
She hangs up.
I felt Yoshimori's existence at my ear until just a moment ago. She vanished in an instant. All that remains in my hand is a tiny cell phone.
No matter how far we advance in the world, we're still islands scattered in a black sea.
Other people are always completely separate beings.
I punch a wall. My irritation turns into meaningless action.
Akihito: "......"
Strangers. The gap between them can't be filled. All we can do is clumsily reach toward each other.
I can hear Benio at the door.
Benio: "I'm hooome! Have you eaten yet?"
A secret I can't tell anyone.Benio's voice feels distant.
====================HK_21　ノーマッド対マクベス.json====================
The weekend. The night of the festival arrives once more.
We're still relatively new, but even we can tell something feels different tonight.
Haru: "Maybe we were right not to participate tonight. It feels like no one's going to watch anything but the main event."
99% of the crowd is only here to see the final match. The maid still manages to stand out amongst all of them.
Whenever she walks through the grandstands the men give her wild, beastly gazes.
Mayuki: "So you never got a hold of Izawacchi?"
Akihito: "Yeah. I've texted him five times this evening, but nothing."
Haru: "It's so obvious when he's sulking."
Izawa didn't answer my texts or my calls. Since we couldn't get everyone together, we aren't participating tonight.
Benio: "Are they really going to do this? I mean, MacBeth versus Nomad?"
MacBeth published a challenge on the internet, and the gig's organizer accepted. Everyone is here to see what happens in tonight's final match.
Akihito: "They will."
I recall Yoshimori's voice on the phone a few days ago.
A fate she can't escape. Five bullets loaded in a single magazine.
In exchange for the feeling of omnipotence you get from that tremendous power, you also get a sense of despair because you can't escape it. No one can understand that weight without experiencing it themselves.
If three of the five want to risk their lives, Yoshimori has to fight no matter what she wants.
Haru: "You sound really confident about that."
Haru's voice feels distant too.
Yoshimori's voice fills my mind. I felt something like a faint hope when I heard it, like a tiny light she found within her resignation.
Victory――That's her only path to a future.
The only thing a prisoner's eyes can yearn for is the sky outside their window.
That's why Yoshimori felt like doing it after talking to me. She's gambling that she can beat Nomad. That she can fight, win, and survive.
Benio: "You look really down. Did you catch what I had last time?"
Akihito: "Maybe. Take responsibility for it."
Benio: "Hmmm, a good cure for depression......
for girls, delicious food always works!"
She raises her right hand high.
Mayuki: "Are you sad because Izawa-san's not here?"
Akihito: "The hell?"
The tiny girl suddenly speaks strange things.
Mayuki: "Normally you scuffle constantly and it rains blood, but by thinking about each other constantly you now find yourself relying on each other."
Benio: "You mean that boy on boy stuff? It's called ya-something......"
Benio-san blushes happily.
Akihito: "I'm never crossing that line, much less with Izawa."
Haru: "Fuaaa......still...you do seem down tonight."
Haru yawns widely. Her chest looks like it could explode out of her costume at any moment.
Haru: "Though I guess I can't blame you, since someone's going to die for real at the end of this."
Mayuki: "When you get used to the stimulation, it turns into poison."
Haru: "Nothing's going on right now, so O-Haru-san will go gamble in the casino area."
Benio: "Ah, I'll join you. Mayu-Mayu, wanna come with us?"
Mayuki: "I'm not about to stain my hands with gambling at my age. Go throw your wallets in the gutter."
The regular avatar fights quietly pass by. A strange, violent mood rises as time passes. It's always like this on nights with Nomad.
Blood. Blood. Blood. Blood.The crowds want a color that's been hidden away from everyday life.
They dream of the moment when the sacrificial lamb's throat is torn open and its still-beating heart is ripped out of its chest.
Akihito: "――"
I push the selfish madness aside to a distant corner of my mind. I try to feel the existence of that girl, waiting for her date with death, on which she's bet her future.
The arena goes dark. The time has come for the final match. A stagnant, mad heat fills the pitch-black ruin.
The text "The Judgment" scrolls across the LCD screen.
The audience explodes.
Kagome: "Judgment? Hmph, such a bombastic and trite name."
At some point, Kagome appeared next to me. Her darker-than-black hair spills over my shoulder.
Akihito: "Entertainment needs to be as straightforward as possible."
Kagome: "All the more so when it's hectic behind the scenes."
Akihito: "I never understand what the important people are thinking."
―――It's just a rumor.
They say the gigs are making this sacrifice as part of an agreement with the Round Table.
They plan to judge the sinner before the eyes of the masses before anyone else imitates him.
In exchange, the Round Table will continue to ignore them.
The same as with Jack the Ripper. This is the group's solution for maintaining order.
If that rumor is true, how does Nanase feel about this?
Did she continue objecting to the very end, just like last time?
Kagome: "The uprising in the outskirts will be quelled in the outskirts. It's quite logical, though still an afterthought."
Akihito: "They're letting a murderer take care of another murderer."
Kagome: "You're very hard on yourself tonight. It's not like you, Akihito."
Akihito: "Am I......that inhuman?"
Kagome: "I'm complimenting you."
Akihito: "That doesn't make me happy."
Kagome: "You've made the choice to pull the trigger all by yourself. Twice."
Kagome: "So you have as much right to stand in that arena as they do."
Akihito: "......that doesn't feel real."
Kagome: "There's only one difference between you and MacBeth. You're "good." They're "evil.""
Akihito: "Is that a real difference?"
Kagome: "It's a convenient tool. Whatever the king's words permit is "good." Hmph, in the end it's MacBeth's nature to disobey authority."
The final match begins.
Behind the metal fence, two gate lights appear.
One of them produces a Pantagruel.Nomad.
The other is MacBeth. Like Babylon, it's a Georgios. A clash of heavyweights.
The odds are seven to three. Nomad is considered the favorite.
Which makes sense. Nomad's leveled up more. However, as a Georgios, MacBeth should have higher base stats.
Georgios avatars tend to excel at both attack and defense, as well as have powerful special abilities.
On the other hand, Nomad is a typical Pantagruel. Its greatest weapon is its left arm, which is extremely powerful, but it definitely didn't start out that way.
So even when you take their levels into account, the gap in power isn't as huge as most people seem to think.
If there is a gap, it's not power, but their ways of being.
Just like I said to Yoshimori―――
What's terrifying about Nomad is that it doesn't show the slightest shred of hesitation to kill human beings. It snatches lives away like it's part of its day job.
It's a true murderer.
Humans can't match monsters. Rationality and conscience aren't enough to slay them.
Thus, this match comes down to one single point.
MacBeth's hidden power―――The mad dragon still hasn't shown its special ability. Will that and Nishiogi's brutality be enough to match the monstrosity of Nomad?
That's the key to this fight.
Akihito: "――"
I clench my sweaty fists. I've never felt this agonizing tension.
The life exposed out there isn't mine, nor is it that of a complete stranger. I've met and interacted with that human being.
Kagome: "MacBeth will move first."
Her sharp murmur brings me back to reality. As Kagome said, the dragon just made the first move.
Nomad isn't moving. Just like its last fight, Nomad's strategy is to wait.
Waiting without moving an inch, watching for that momentary opening where it can make that lance connect, like the fangs of a venomous snake.
On the other hand, MacBeth's aim is clear. It's moving in early, closing the distance to remove the advantage of Nomad's long lance. The dragon's fangs tear into the enemy.
Akihito: "They're after a melee fight."
Kagome: "That is one way to take down a foe more powerful than yourself. Move aggressively to counteract any mental advantage they might have."
MacBeth closes in.
Nomad strikes back. Its enormous left arm swings horizontally.
Without any hint of play or performance, the lethal lance shoots out.
A blue flash like a shooting star.――It changed direction.
Benio: "――It curved!?"
Benio's expression is closest to the truth.
It wasn't deflected. The lance's trajectory was warped.
The lance of death flows off into the void. MacBeth takes its chance when that long arm is fully extended.
The steel dragon charges forward.
But Nomad's lance returns at the same high speed. They're both within arm's reach now. The lance returned in time.
The lethal spear shoots toward its target once again.
At that moment――
An irritating noise echoes.
The metal fence encircling the combat area is twisted, cut apart, and dragged up into the air like silly putty in a giant's hands.
They fly toward Nomad. The accelerating metal assaults the enormous creature.
The huge beast is blown backward.
Mayuki: "P-poltergeists!?"
Akihito: "No――"
That's the avatar's power.
Our Babylon can control gravity. MacBeth can control electromagnetism.
It used an enormous electromagnetic field to instantly magnetize its target.
Its lance was bent away by a magnetic field of the opposite polarity.
This is the first time anyone's seen MacBeth's special ability.
And it's strong enough to defend against Nomad's attacks.
In response――
Nomad holds out its lance. It starts rotating.
The rotations produce a spiral, a whirling air current.
MacBeth can control metal with the invisible hands of electromagnetism, but Nomad can produce blades of air.
That's the blue champion's special ability.
Nomad's revolving lance creates a spiral barrier. Both a spear and a shield.
MacBeth's magnetic bullets are torn apart one after the other by the swirling air.
As Nomad deflects the storm of metal, it advances forward once again.
MacBeth decides to change tactics.
It stops the storm of metal, and makes its own steel body rise instead by magnetizing the ground.
Launch――
The mad dragon is released in Nomad's direction.
It's fast!
MacBeth shoots forward faster than any Georgios can normally move.
Nomad remains stoically unfazed even as the mad king flies in its direction.
This is bad. It's too calm.
―――This is reckless, Yoshimori!!
A technique like that must use up a lot of magic.
MacBeth stopped using its electromagnetic attacks very quickly. If it tries any other special moves after this, it's sure to run out of magic in no time.
And yet―――
Nomad waits patiently. MacBeth generates the same defensive field that redirected the lance earlier.
Kagome: "So it all comes down to this blow."
Akihito: "――――"
That electromagnetic shield deflected the lance of death. Can they really pull that off again?
Considering how hard it is for connectors to control that kind of avatar, and how much magic it probably has left, it's likely that MacBeth is making a huge gamble right now.
Like the witch said, it's betting it all on this attack. If MacBeth can deflect the lance one more time, it wins. If not―――
Akihito: "............"
I silently whisper her name. Yoshimori.
MacBeth leaves a trail of dust in its wake, charging forth like a tsunami.
Nomad aims its lance at the dragon. A frozen stance, filled with heightened bloodlust.
Nomad just stands there. As if forcing itself to endure the wait. It remains motionless despite the charging enemy.
Certain death lies one second in the future.
The stoic giant almost seems to be yearning for it――
They collide. The dragon and the giant crash together.
The lance burns blue. MacBeth forced Nomad to swing its lance of certain death not once, but twice.
There will be no third time. Everyone believes that as Nomad's lance flashes.
Destructive sounds. Within the light, the dragon's right arm breaks through the ceiling.
Haru: "It――"
Benio: "――Missed!"
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
MacBeth roars. The lance penetrated its shoulder. Its splintered steel shoulder took the full brunt of the attack.
Nomad can't pull it back out. Its ultimate weapon is stuck to the metal shoulder like a barnacle.
The magnetic bullets from earlier.
Those weren't just projectile weapons to damage Nomad.
It deflected the majority, but a handful clung to it like an undying grudge. Either they or the sheer acceleration behind MacBeth's attack caused the attack to miss.
The dragon and giant are now connected by that lance. Neither can run away. The dragon's jaws dig into the giant's throat.
Haru: "Uwa!"
The giant trembles, but not from impending death. MacBeth's eyes fill with an even more powerful glow.
Kagome: "It's preparing a powerful magnetic field. It intends to finish this now."
Tearing. Tearing. Tearing. It dissects parts of the steel giant it isn't even touching. An invisible magnetic storm assaulting Nomad's entire body.
The giant shakes more and more. Its joints creak. Its armor warps. The undefeated champion is wailing.
Akihito: "――"
They're going to win.MacBeth. Yoshimori.
Nomad's left arm pierces through MacBeth, and out into empty space. It wanders through the air, like a beast swinging its tail as it dies.
Benio: "......"
Pity passes through Benio's eyes. The dying giant. That's all anyone can see right now.
―――Until the moment when the left arm disconnects.
Pandemonium. Screams can be heard in the back of the crowd.
The enormous steel lance flew into a corner of the building, outside the arena. Something sticky and red covers the cold, shining metal surface.
Mayuki: "Hii!?"
Metal being ripped apart. The giant is trying to break the bonds holding it in place. All who hear it feel chills. Nomad is free from MacBeth's fangs.
Kagome: "That's what it was after."
She says, as if the match is over. Kagome's black eyes lack even the slightest emotion.
I look back at the fight.
Akihito: "――!"
This time, MacBeth really is out of options.
It used too many special abilities in a row. It has barely any magic left. It won't be able to fight properly.
MacBeth doesn't even move. Wait, no. It looks like a toy with dead batteries. Its movements are unnaturally heavy. It's struggling just to stay standing.
Benio: "Are the connectors......not connected properly......?"
Mayuki: "It's more like a freeze......like it suddenly can't process all the information."
The one-armed giant walks toward the broken dragon.
Kagome: "The flying lance killed some of MacBeth's connectors."
Akihito: "......!"
Kagome: "What a miraculous coincidence."
Steel monsters――Avatars have no human expressions. But we can still clearly see it.
Nomad is ready to finish its kill.
It swings up its remaining right arm like a sledgehammer.
It crushes the numb, defenseless dragon.
With each swing, the armor crumbles, and the body warps. The avatar is being literally taken apart.
The humans connected to it are being killed.
It continues dismantling MacBeth until nothing but pieces remain. A simplistic, persistent, complete slaughter.
Now they're dead. Yoshimori. Nishiogi. Whoever wasn't killed by the lance. All five people connected to that dragon.
Kagome: "What's wrong? You look pale."
I shouldn't be worried about this. Her stabbing gaze isn't consoling me, but rather seeing through me.
I want to get rid of these inexpressible emotions. I want to tell Kagome everything and have her look down on me scornfully.
I want her to tell me it's stupid. I want her to tell me it's not even worth thinking about.
It's an unforgivable wish. If you break a promise with someone, you can make up for it.
But――That someone is gone now.
Which is why I can't tell anyone. Not Ayaya. Not Kagome. Not anyone......especially not Benio.
I can't tell them that Yoshimori was one of MacBeth's connectors.
A sharp gaze shoots through me as I stand alone.
The death goddess invites me amidst the mad heat of the roaring crowd.
====================HK_22　死神の思惑.json====================
4 AM. Izalone's already closed.
I used a spare key the owner gave me to get inside. Lights flicker on in the bar before dawn.
Touri: "Am I imposing? I didn't mean for you to reopen the bar."
Akihito: "You asked for a quiet place with no one around, so it was either this or a love hotel."
I left Kagome and the others at the arena. I went downtown after receiving the silent goddess' invitation, but in the end I came here.
Touri: "Huhu, I don't mind either way."
Akihito: "......no, it's fine. I felt like drinking anyway."
Touri: "Don't go overboard with it."
A thin smile, as if to say she understood everything. I focus on what's in front of me.
Akihito: "......is whiskey okay?"
Touri: "Sure, I'll have that."
Two glasses on the counter. I pour amber fluid into them straight.
Touri: "Is that Macallan? Not a bad smell."
Akihito: "And it's forty years old. Make sure you savor the taste."
A bottle from the owner's secret stash, which he's never going to sell. You could probably buy a car for one of these bottles.
We touch glasses. The sound of a bell.
Akihito: "A coμ vanished tonight."
Touri: "Yes."
Akihito: "One of the members was a girl I helped a while back. I couldn't do anything for her this time."
―――I hate unfortunate women.
Even that little wish won't achieve anything here. Every dream we have in this gentle kingdom is easily shattered.
Should I have used Babylon to try and save MacBeth?
Should I have trampled all over the rules of that duel and the fact that they'd agreed to fight to the death?
And risk making enemies out of the Round Table and the gigs?
If I did that I wouldn't be feeling self-loathing over the fact that I just watched Yoshimori die without doing a thing.
In exchange, I'd have put Benio, Mayuki, Haru, and Izawa into a hopeless situation.
We're a coμ. We aren't allowed to live or die alone.
Touri: "Are you blaming yourself for her death?"
Akihito: "I'm not that self-centered."
Touri: "That's wise."
Akihito: "I do have one question. Maybe you aren't the person to ask, but......"
Touri: "Is it about the sudden turnaround at the end?"
She does understand everything, or so her voice implies.
Akihito: "So you knew Nomad was targeting MacBeth's connectors directly......?"
Touri: "――Blue book."
Touri mutters without any lead-in.
Touri: "Have you heard that term before?"
Akihito: "A Coμnet urban legend."
Touri: "It's real."
Akihito: "――"
The blue book――A list of connectors' personal information said to be maintained by the Round Table.
Akihito: "......well, when I first heard about it I assumed it was as innocent as a class roster."
――The Round Table.
They're good at keeping up appearances, but there's a lot of holes in their operation. The biggest one how naive they are. They try to control humans through morals rather than rules.
Touri: "The larger the community, the more malice it generates. They realized that someone might use the list for selfish reasons. It was getting longer every day."
Akihito: "So they got rid of it to ensure that never happened, but a lot of people think it's still around......and you're saying it is?"
Touri: "MacBeth was originally part of the Round Table."
Akihito: "Can't underestimate rumors."
So what Nomad did to MacBeth is no different from what I did to Karasuma Tetora.
Touri: "Now, boy, would you like to hear what happens next?"
She wets her lips with amber fluid and looks at me with black eyes.
Familiar memories. A distant voice.
Akihito: "I'm not the type to take revenge. We weren't that close anyway."
Touri: "That's wise."
Those words again. That smile again. A predestined loop.
Akihito: "But it's helped me make up my mind."
Touri: "About what?"
Akihito: "I'm prepared to fight Nomad."
Touri: "What happened to not taking revenge?"
Akihito: "I won't be."
Touri: "That's a contradiction."
Akihito: "I get the feeling I won't be able to avoid fighting it if I try to keep moving forward."
Akihito: "To use some of your words, "No matter what anyone does"――"
Touri: "You could also abandon your current path."
Akihito: "The girl who died today probably wanted to do just that, but she didn't have a choice."
We're a coμ. Prisoners bound to a steel monster. We can't escape that, no matter where we go.
Akihito: "Seeing that made me realize just how true that is. It's a waste of time worrying about things I can't change. I need to settle for something I can do."
I can't escape, just as Yoshimori Minato couldn't.
Touri: "Not bad, boy. You almost feel like a man now."
Her vermilion lips smile. I feel irritation, as well as another emotion.
Akihito: "Are we all dancing in the palm of your hand or something?"
Touri: "My hand?"
A comical expression, as if she's genuinely surprised.
Touri: "I'm just another cog."
Akihito: "The people who truly understand that are usually the most powerful."
Touri: "I'm not being modest or secretive. This world is endlessly complicated."
Touri: "My own will to be a cog is itself a cog in something else. That's just how it works."
Akihito: "There's something I've wanted to ask you for a while."
Touri: "What is it?"
Akihito: "What do you want from me? What do you want to make me do?"
Touri: "Nothing."
She chugs the amber alcohol like it's nothing.
Akihito: "Nothing?"
Touri: "That's right. I want you to leave the stage before something happens. Maybe you don't believe me, but I quite like you."
Familiar memories. A distant voice. My heart constricts.
Akihito: "......we can't. There's one guy in our coμ who will never back down. If we try to force it we might end up fighting each other. He's just like that."
Besides, I have no intention of quietly backing out after all this.
Touri: "Then get rid of him."
I feel an iron taste from those words.
Akihito: "Get rid......?"
Touri: "It'll just be five versus four. Your coμ will be less powerful, but if you won't fight anymore that's not a problem."
Hasekura Touri came from the edge of the world, so our rules mean nothing to her.
Akihito: "So――"
A memory lying somewhere painful and deep. Facial features that don't quite match. My heart is almost bursting.
Akihito: "You're telling me to kill? Again?"
Touri's expression neither confirms nor denies.
Touri: "What's the problem? Is he a friend? Family? Do you owe him?"
None of the above. Our relationship is nothing at all. We're just a coμ.
Touri: "Or do you simply not listen to a death goddess' advice? Unlike MacBeth?"
Poison is added to her smile. My brain grinds to a halt, searching for the meaning of those words.
Akihito: "What did you......?"
Touri: "I think his name was Nishiogi. He was starving for power and destruction, so I gave him a push."
MacBeth's violence crossed a line. Hasekura Touri lit the fuse.
Akihito: "So everything happened just as you wanted....."
Tonight's match probably won't be the end of this.
If you level up, your odds of winning go up. And everyone knows the one and only way of leveling up.
Prize money from the gigs is all the motive they need. The gig's rules have a huge, self-defeating contradiction.
Touri: "Those are scary eyes. That's not like you."
She's right. A stupid man let his stupid desires destroy him. He took four others with him.
Akihito: "So it's your fault that Yoshimori died."
Touri: "What happened to what you were saying earlier? Why are you mad about it now?"
Touri: "Besides, the man was the one I tricked. Your friend was just a victim of his. It's a typical story, isn't it?"
Akihito: "I hate you because everything's going the way you want it to."
A black emotion stirs up inside of me. Warped heat scorches my brain. 
I'm not grieving for MacBeth.
――I'm jealous.
She shouldn't have given anyone else that knife――
Touri: "......what's wrong?"
Touri's gaze. It overlaps with the face in my memory. A childish possessive urge races through me.
My glass falls over. The amber fluid flows out.
Before I realize it―――
I've leaped over the counter and pushed Touri to the ground.
====================HK_23　透理とのＨ.json====================
My emotions won't stop overflowing. An insane heat that I don't understand. I turn into a beast.
Touri: "Nn! ......ah!"
Touri falls backward under my body weight.
The smell of the floor wax. The heat and smell of her body.
Akihito: "――"
My breathing is pained. My lungs feel like they want to break through my ribs and fly around. The front of my jeans is so taut it's painful.
Touri: "Ah......!"
I grab her arms with one hand, pinning them up above her head. They're more slender than I expected. She resists but I hold her down.
Touri: "Are you......angry?"
She looks up at me. I see something in her like fear. Fire pours into whatever it is that's making me do this.
Touri: "Uua!"
I grab her chest. Touri cries out in pain. I'm not being the slightest bit gentle.
Through her thick jacket I can feel a small but definite sensation. I dig into her flesh with savage fingers.
Touri: "Nn......!"
Touri's face warps. That sharp face which brings terror and death to others. Now it's her that can't hide her weakness.
I grip them. The flesh fills my hands. I feel excitement, like a child who just learned these things exist.
Touri: "Uuu......"
Touri looks away as I squeeze hard enough to bring her pain.
The nape of her neck is bluish-white, like a flower that never sees sunlight.
I tear her collar. Her eyes fill with new fear.
Touri: "Aaah......!"
Under her torn clothes is more white, female skin.
Touri: "Ah......! Uu, that hurts......!"
I pull down her shirt and her breasts spill out. As I thought, they're small but supple.
I dig my fingers into them directly. They change shape as I move. I knead her nipples, forcing them to be erect.
Touri: "Hiiu!"
I suck on them. The taste of sweat, iron, and softness. I suck on them like a baby.
A hard nipple between my teeth and tongue. This body has known a man before. It reacts even to forced stimulation.
Touri: "No! Don't......bite!"
Touri grits her teeth and pleads, but I mercilessly press my teeth into her soft nipple.
Shallow bite marks are visible on her rosy nipple. That proof of ownership makes my crotch grow warmer.
Touri: "Uu......o-owww......"
Her voice is faint. My excitement rises.
Akihito: "So even a woman like you can feel pain."
Dark cruelty fills my heart. I'm trying to violate not only the woman underneath me, but the Touri in my memories.
Touri: "Hii......!"
I reach down and clutch her plump butt through her clothes. I can feel it filling the gaps between my fingers.
She has plenty of body fat down there, but it's nice and tight. There's no unnecessary flesh down there, just suppleness. I feel like a starving beast.
Akihito: "Here too."
I tear off her clothes.
Her underwear is exposed. I dig indecently into her white flesh. The moment I see it, I almost lose control.
Touri: "Wh-what are you......"
Akihito: "You just said you liked me a minute ago. Were you lying?"
Touri: "I......wasn't......"
Akihito: "Then you won't care what I do to you."
I smile cruelly, as if to drive the point home. I stick my right hand into her underwear.
When I slip under the cloth, the soft womanly flesh quivers, rejecting my hand. I ignore it and continue inside, violating her.
I pass her taut lower abdomen and invade the stiff bush below. My fingers reach a warm, moist sensation.
Touri: "Haa......!"
My fingertips continue advancing through her hair, arriving at a membrane that feels different from skin.
Her thighs tighten up. She tries to close up to reject my hand, but she can't throw off the weight on top of her.
Touri: "Nn......!"
My prey's futile resistance heightens my desire. The pleasure of violating her dignity, her pride, her very being ignites the dark flames more than any physical sensation.
Touri's mouth is shut tight, enduring the shame of the pleasure from my abominable fingers.
I pry her closed insides open and touch the hole that's sticky with sweat.
Touri: "Ha......! That's......ah......"
Little by little, I sink the tip of my middle finger inside, up to the first joint.
Touri: "Hua!"
Her white thighs quiver. That's it for the prologue. Now the real thing.
Touri: "Nnnnnnnn!?"
I suddenly stick my finger all the way in. The sensation of hot sticky flesh fiercely clenching around my finger.
Touri: "Nn! Aaaaa!"
She bends backward, picking up her luscious hips. I rub around her insides.
Touri: "Huaaaaaaa!"
Her screams are sweet. A sensation I'm dragging out of her no matter how hard she grits her teeth. I rush her, making her gasp.
I open her up little by little, rubbing fiercely against her insides with a hooked finger.
Touri: "S-stop......! I-I'm......!!"
Touri's losing it. There's no sign of her normal expression anymore. She shakes her head, on the verge of losing her breath.
My hand is driving her insane. The woman who brought a black shadow down on my destiny.
Touri: "Aau, I'm......com......! N-no......!"
She bites her lips, determined to keep enduring it. On the other hand, her insides are getting even tighter around me.
Akihito: "You're taking my finger in so far it hurts. You like it that much?"
Touri: "That's......no! ......uu, uhu......!"
I churn around fast enough to make my arm feel numb. Harder, lewder, louder.
Touri: "N-nooo......! If you keep going, I really will......!"
Tears appear in the corners of her tightly shut eyes. Her white skin starts to sweat. Touri's heating up from the inside out.
Black flames fill my chest. Before I know it, the juices flowing out of her cover my hand up to the wrist.
Touri: "Ah, ah......aaa......!"
A sweet voice, numbing the core of my mind. It's so hard to breathe, I feel like I'm drowning.
My right arm moves mechanically. Touri reacts by quivering, like a spring-wound doll. 
Touri: "Iii! ......uu, uuuuu!!"
Something in Touri reaches its limit, like a ripe fruit falling from a tree. Her slovenly spread legs shake wildly.
Touri: "Haaaa......nn, nn......!!"
A sound like raindrops hitting the floor. So much fluid oozes out that it's escaping her underwear. I take my finger out of her, making a sound like walking in a swamp.
Touri: "Hi......ihi......haa......ah......"
Drool slides out of her wide open mouth. Her body is so weak it feels like a corpse.
I killed Touri?
That illusion makes me feel yet more brutal.
Akihito: "Aaaah, now you're making the floor wet."
I look down on the woman, smiling with derision. I undo my belt and lower my pants. My penis springs up so hard it touches my abdomen.
Akihito: "Now stand up. Don't sleep on that filthy floor."
I yank on her arm, forcing her to sit up.
I turn her around as she stumbles, pushing her onto the counter.
Touri: "Wh-......what are you......please...stop......"
I pull up her exposed white butt. A roundness with plenty of womanly beauty.
The pose of powerless prey. Her crevice, her pubic hair, her butthole, all those shameful parts which are normally hidden are now exposed to male eyes.
I touch my raging member to her. When the glans contacts her genitalia, she turns around with pleading eyes.
Touri: "D-......don't...do......that."
Akihito: "Come to think of it, the owner said you had children. Are you imagining their faces right now?"
Touri: "Please......I'll use my mouth, just don't......"
Akihito: "Nope."
I shove it in with a ridiculing smile.
Her insides come apart, allowing my invasion with no particular resistance. I feel my tip push apart her flesh with watery sounds.
Akihito: "――――――!"
I'm enveloped by Touri. The pleasure races up to my brain.
Touri: "Nngu......!!"
It's hot. The softness of a sea cucumber and the heat of a burn.
I can feel her womanhood.
It's not rejecting me with tightness, but accepting me and changing shape around me.
Touri's genitalia are hot and gentle.
Touri: "Haaaaaa......! Please......slow down......"
Touri hangs her head like skewered prey.
She raises her butt and accepts my thrusts so as to minimize the pain of being conquered.
The quiet air before dawn. She puts her slender arms on the counter as I penetrate her from behind.
Touri: "Aan! Nn! Aaaaaaaa!!"
I thrust my hips madly. I gouge out her insides with my tip.
The violent sounds of flesh hitting flesh. I pound into her butt as if she killed my parents.
I've never treated a woman like this before. The ecstasy and the guilt excite me further.
Touri: "N-not so deep......! Uuuuu!"
I penetrate deeply. The tip of my glans touches a firm wall. I disobey the pressure and burst through it.
Touri: "Aaaaaaaaaaah!! Nna, nooo......!"
Murky sounds continue echoing from the counter. I hold the woman's thighs and thrust into them.
The smell of sweat rises up. The woman screams and flails. It's too one-sided to call sex.
Akihito: "――"
As I enjoy penetrating the woman's flesh, a sense of urgency makes it hard for me to breathe.
My hips are feeling ticklish and pained. I'm close.
Akihito: "I'm......gonna...cum!"
I speed up, preparing for the end. I push my body weight against Touri. Her breasts are pressed against the counter.
Touri: "Stop......not in......! Nnuuu!"
Despite her words, she's clamped down on me from all directions. I'm being pulled into her, like an endless descent.
Akihito: "No good, I'm cummin......"
Touri: "Nn! Ah! Aaaaaaah! No! Noooooo!!"
I release it, still connected to her. The amount flowing into her is ludicrous.
Touri: "Hauuuuuuuuuuuun! I-it's......so mu――......!"
I put my full body weight on the woman's back as my hips repeatedly convulse and ejaculate.
Touri: "Haaa......ah, ha......a......"
I relish in the lingering sensation and the smell of the woman's sweat and hair as if drifting on gentle waves.
Akihito: "Haa......haa......"
The violent heat leaves me.
The beast that was moving me until just a moment ago vanishes as if it never existed.
Touri: "Haa......haa......"
Touri remains sprawled out on the counter.
I just forced her to have......no, I raped her.
Between guilt and bafflement, I can't find any words to say to her.
Touri: "Now then――"
She turns around to face me.
Touri: "Sorry to interrupt you so soon after that, but......"
She's just as expressionless as before.
Touri: "If you're satisfied, I'd appreciate it if you moved."
Akihito: "――!?"
Touri: "If that wasn't enough I don't mind continuing. Or do you want a blowjob after all?"
Akihito: "Sir! No! Sir!"
I separate from her at the speed of light.
Touri: "Huu――"
Touri puts her underwear back on lazily, with the face of a casino dealer that just finished a day's work.
That behavior stimulates my carnal desires again, but right now there's no time for that.
Touri: "Well, to be honest, you did take me by surprise. I've had my fill of your hot passion for now."
Akihito: "――"
A super-deformed Mayuki appears in my mind.
Mayuki: "You've been tricked, Akihito-san. This is what we like to call a sasoi-uke."
Begone, delusion.
Akihito: "......"
That was so stupid of me.
This woman can tear avatars apart with her bare hands. I should've realized something was wrong when she didn't throw me off.
Touri: "Also......since you came inside without permission, should I assume you're going to take responsibility?"
Akihito: "......"
Touri: "I see. Then next time be sure to ask my opinion first. We're not strangers anymore."
Akihito: "Adults are so mean......"
I want to get on a motorcycle and ride off into the night.
Touri: "Don't feel bad. I haven't done it in ages, myself. It felt rather nice."
That spartan smile removes any joy I might have gotten from that statement.
Akihito: "Okay......I'm gonna close the bar now."
Touri: "Shall we go eat some yakiniku?"
Akihito: "......that seems very committing."
The new heart at dawn. I feel like tears are in my eyes when I see the morning moon.
====================HK_24　紅緒とロンド.json====================
The day after the death goddess' trap left a deep wound in my heart......
I meet up with Benio after school and we head downtown. We're going to check out some real estate.
Of course, we're looking for a new apartment for Benio.
Benio: "I'm here, I'm here!"
Her two ponytails swing back and forth as she rushes across the crosswalk.
Akihito: "Huh? Weren't you in your uniform when you left this morning? ......when did you get changed?"
Benio should've just gotten out of school, but she's not in her uniform anymore.
She goes to a famous rich girls' school, with a showy but formal uniform that's practically its own brand.
I was looking forward to walking around with Benio in her uniform, but my delusion was shot down right from the start.
Benio: "My school's insanely strict. If they found me wandering around in uniform they'd go wide-eyed.Like this."
She makes a demonic face by pushing the corners of her eyes up with her fingers.
Benio: "So I always bring a spare outfit in case I need to go downtown for something. Huhuhu, Benio-san is always prepared."
Benio: "......do you have to try so hard to look unimpressed?"
Akihito: "............no, it's nothing."
Boys have complicated circumstances. Especially when it comes to uniforms.
Benio: "Okay, shall we go?"
Akihito: "Let's start with that area."
A highly-visible sign near the station. I follow Benio through the turnstile.
From the middle of the footbridge, we look down on the city as it grows darker.
Benio: "Meeting up right after school makes this feel kinda like a date. It's nice."
She's happy for no reason.
Akihito: "We see each other every day already."
Benio: "It's different."
Akihito: "How?"
Benio: "You don't understand at all. It's about the mood."
Akihito: "If you care about the mood, then please wear your uniform next time."
Benio: "Akihito, sometimes you sound like a really old man......"
A deep wound. Personal taste can never be a sin......in theory.
Benio: "Though I guess I can understand it. Being in uniform does feel like part of a maiden's dream date."
Akihito: "You mean you like seeing the guy in uniform?"
Benio: "Not that either!"
Akihito: "Gueh!"
She chops me. Benio enacts educational discipline.
Benio: "So anyway, why don't we start meeting up like this every day before going home?"
The walk home. I remember someone from my own school walking next to me in her uniform.
Soejima's often absent on Mondays. That's part of the reason I agreed to do this with Benio today.
Benio: "......why are you ignoring that?"
Akihito: "Sorry, just thinking."
Benio: "......"
Akihito: "Why are you staring?"
Benio: "Hmmm... Aaah, it's nothing."
A very strange answer.
Benio: "......"
Did she read my mind somehow? Or is this the utterly illogical "women's intuition?" Benio-san's sharper than you'd expect.
Akihito: "That wasn't a very nice room."
Benio: "You're changing the subject......"
Akihito: "Huh?"
Benio: "No, it's nothing."
Akihito: "Actually, it seemed like you weren't trying that hard to find a place."
Benio: "You could tell?"
Benio sticks her tongue out, unapologetic.
Akihito: "Well, as long as you find a place before your dad finds out."
Benio: "I really like the view from your veranda."
Akihito: "Some weird things sneak in from that veranda though."
Benio: "......am I bothering you?"
She looks up at me. A powerful attack no matter which gender it's used on.
Akihito: "......no. I have far bigger problems to worry about anyway."
Benio: "I guess that's true."
I suddenly feel imprisoned by my coμ. Benio seems to know what I meant. We both look down at the road in silence.
Akihito: "I've been wondering what "normal" really means lately."
Benio: "Good point......if you aren't involved in this stuff, avatars are about as abnormal as it gets."
Benio: "But it's just part of our lives now. It's as normal as anything else. There's no clear distinction."
I remember the night we were connected. The night I met Shinomiya Yoruko.
A herd of eyes curious about the tragedies of others. The lights of several cell phone cameras. To them it was the strangest thing they'd ever seen.
Akihito: "It's as normal as anything else......"
I repeat Benio's words. She couldn't be more right.
Benio: "No distinction――Hmm."
Benio looks down.
White arrows on the asphalt like a diagram of a NASCAR track. We can hear the airflow change as cars pass under the bridge. My feet feel less secure.
Akihito: "Wait, don't rush!"
Benio: "Uuooooooooooooooooooooooo!?"
She screams so loud my heart almost stops.
Akihito: "Aaah, that scared me."
Benio: "Th-that's my line......"
She fell backward, her heart pounding.
Benio: "I seriously thought you were going to push me over the railing......"
I just put a hand on her shoulder.
Akihito: "Well, the way you were looking into the distance, and the deep things you were saying......I thought I was triggering some of your flags."
Benio: "D-don't say that, I wasn't thinking that at all."
Akihito: "By the way, your skirt's been up for a while."
Benio: "――!?"
She quickly hides it and stands up.
Benio: "......umm, today......that's also normal, so......"
Akihito: "Huh?"
Benio: "We don't have a match or anything......today, so......I don't want you to think that's the only kind I have."
Akihito: "Umm, no one was commenting on that."
Apparently my opinion of her underwear takes priority over the fact that I saw it.
She claims to have more powerful weapons for when they're needed.――Honestly, I would like to see them.
Benio: "Huu......"
This time, Benio looks up at the evening sun.
Benio: "Besides, I can't die when someone's issued me a challenge."
Akihito: "That's true."
The Coμnet is still talking about MacBeth, but now Rondo Rondo is starting to become the new center of attention.
They don't know her personal name of course, but they refer to her by her avatar: Miss Jh.
Benio: "I did pick a fight with them, didn't I?"
Akihito: "I can't really deny that."
They issued a challenge to the black dragon Babylon. All of a sudden, Rondo demanded to fight us.
Considering how fired up the net seems to be about it, we'll probably be the main attraction of the next gig.
Benio: "I always end up at the center of these things......"
Akihito: "At least Izawa will be happy about it. We were probably going to fight her at some point anyway."
Miss Jh has won five matches without taking any damage, putting it at the top of the gig's rankings, with the exception of Nomad.
If we keep winning our fights, the odds were good that we'd fight it sooner or later.
Benio: "That's right, what about Izawa!? We have to make contact with him before the weekend."
Akihito: "Yeah."
I nod.
Izawa's our Fighter. He's the linchpin of any melee combat. Without him Babylon's offensive capabilities will suffer tremendously.
Akihito: "By the way......"
Benio: "What?"
Akihito: "I never asked. Why did you pick a fight with Rondo?"
Benio: "――"
Benio spins around and leans on the bridge's railing.
Benio: "――Because revenge isn't justice."
I feel chills in my heart. I think of my own face reflected in the knife.
Benio: "I know Rondo wants to kill Caesar for her own justice――"
Benio: "But revenge doesn't bring anything back. It just causes more revenge. It's worthless."
――Revenge just causes more revenge.
Akihito: "......what if you couldn't move forward without taking revenge?"
I might not be talking to the girl in front of me, but those words come out nonetheless.
Akihito: "Would you still say revenge is worthless?"
Benio goes quiet. She hasn't found an answer yet, but she takes a step into the wasteland regardless. Benio's the type who'll do that.
Benio: "......I would. Real justice never makes anyone unhappy. Anything that does simply isn't right."
She said it.
The wind's stronger now. The sun's setting. I feel like Benio and I are fighting each other through Rondo.
Benio: "So I'm going to stop her. After all, I stumbled across the power to stop her."
Benio: "If I didn't have it, I wouldn't be able to do anything. But since I can do something, not doing it would be worse than any hypocrisy."
Akihito: "Even if that means denying Rondo's justice?"
Benio: "......yes. It's evil to the person she wants revenge on anyway. I'm going to stop her......from doing something evil. From making someone else unhappy."
Crushing justice with justice.
Benio's words are dangerous. I'm not sure if she realizes that or not.
Akihito: "Pop quiz. How many times did you say justice just now?"
Benio: "Eh? 
Uuuuh............hmm."
She starts counting on her fingers.
Benio: "......are you mocking me?"
She figured it out.
Akihito: "Not mocking. I just noticed you were getting kinda tense."
Benio: "You're right......maybe that was a bit too serious."
Akihito: "Being an ally of justice puts a lot of heavy things on your shoulders."
I remember a story from my parents' generation.
The hero was given a tremendous power, with which he could've been a god or a demon. He got it from his grandfather, who was a scientist.
His grandfather refused to call it anything but "power." In the end, the hero was more like a god, but there was no real choice or conflict there.
This was because he had an enemy to fight from the very beginning. Fortunately for him, that enemy was a demon.
Benio: "Justice is hard."
Akihito: "It's more complicated than they make it look on TV."
Benio: "So I'll be causing a lot more trouble for you in the future."
Akihito: "And vice versa."
We both bow at a forty-five degree angle. The gazes of the passersby hurt a little.
====================HK_25　密の正体.json====================
We get ingredients for tonight's dinner at a supermarket next to the bus stop near my apartment building.
When I'm with Benio, we have a tendency to buy more than our fridge can hold.
Akihito: "I feel like I've gained weight since you moved in, Benio."
I accuse our new cook.
Benio: "I've been eating the same stuff, so I'm......"
Akihito: "Yeah, probably."
The cart is a lot emptier than usual this time.
On the way home.
Benio: "What do you think will happen to the gigs?"
Akihito: "Dunno. Even if they went away, we'd just be going back to square one."
The Coμnet has been feeling unsafe again recently.
Nomad vs MacBeth. MacBeth would've won that fight if not for what Nomad did at the end.
Some of MacBeth's connectors were coincidentally pulverized by that lance.
Now Nomad's being criticized because people think it was a conspiracy. That's turning into criticism of the organizers, and of the Round Table.
Nomad's attack hurt some of the spectators, which is against the rules. To that, people usually respond that MacBeth's magnetic storm was also against the rules because it broke all of the fences.
The debate surrounding that fight remains a quagmire. Since the dead can't speak, the referee's decision still stands.
But the fact remains that people's trust in the gigs is suddenly starting to weaken.
Benio: "Ah――"
Benio looks up at the night sky as we enter a tranquil residential street just off the main road.
Benio: "This is bad. I forgot the tofu."
Akihito: "For miso?"
Benio: "Yeah."
Akihito: "Any substitutes?"
Benio: "I think we had something......maybe cabbage......"
We seek a hero to replace the lost tofu.
Benio: "I've got it. You go home without me."
No such hero appears.
Benio: "I need some body wash anyway――"
Behind me I hear the plastic bag hit the ground. Benio's standing still.
Akihito: "What――?"
I turn around.
I see Benio frozen, looking away from me. In front of her......
Izawa: "Hmph."
Izawa's here.
Benio: "Wh-what are you doing?"
Izawa's eyes are more dangerous than usual. So much so that Benio's stutters.
Izawa: "Back off, Ironing Board. I'm not here for you."
Benio: "But......"
A gaze of congealed animosity stabs me. I may be used to this, but it still doesn't feel good.
Izawa: "I kill traitors. I never liked you in the first place."
Akihito: "......what?"
That's even more sudden than a confession of love would've been.
Benio: "Traitor?"
Benio's taken aback. She repeats the word as if it's the name of some unusual food.
Akihito: "Ummm......what did I do?"
Izawa: "Stop playing dumb."
He pulls the shining Tokarev out of his pocket.
Akihito: "That thing again? It's getting really cliche."
I know Izawa's serious. I try to hide the fact that I'm completely confused.
Benio: "I still think it looks cool."
――He actually shot.
Akihito: "......first, calm down. Now, explain what's going on in a way I can understand."
The air turns to glass. I can hear it bending. There's no sign of the friendly atmosphere we once shared.
The object in Izawa's hand is a real weapon now. Benio's frozen in her monk pose.
Izawa: "You were with a woman in the park the other day."
Benio's eyes change significantly at the word "woman."
Akihito: "So what? I told you she was a classmate."
Izawa: "I've seen that woman once before, when I filled out the paperwork for the avatar gigs."
Akihito: "――!?"
A bullet of words hits me between the eyes."I want you to be my accomplice, Mizuwa-kun――""To all our accomplices"
A connection.Soejima's words.The gig's slogan.
The ground under my feet feels unsteady. I stagger without being consciously aware of it.
Izawa: "She was standing with the other gig organizers. Do you understand what I'm saying now?"
Acid comes up out of my stomach.
Benio: "W-wait a minute! Why does that make Akihito a traitor!?"
Izawa: "Mizuwa was hanging out with one of the gig organizers by himself. For all we know, she's one of Nomad's connectors."
Benio: "B-but that was a coincidence! He had no idea! Right?"
Izawa: "Such a great woman you are. Did you lose your spine after he screwed you?"
Benio: "Wh-wh-wh-wha!? A-Akihito never did anything like that!"
Izawa: "Keh, you two are living together and he still hasn't touched you?"
Benio: "How. Dare. You. Insult. Me!"
Benio steps forward with boiling anger, making him step back.
Izawa: "Ah――Hey, wait! Damn you, we're not done talking yet!"
............shut up.
You're always making too much noise.
Learn to be quiet for once in your damn life.
Benio: "Akihito――!?"
I walk forward on unsteady legs. The two behind me don't even cross my mind.
The gigs. Soejima Hisoka. Nomad. That red slogan.
Did Izawa really see Soejima there?
Nausea. The taste of stomach acid fills my throat. Black heat flows through my veins like poison, and it has nowhere to go.
　　Nomad's　　　　　　　　　　　　connector
The meaning of those words is simple and clear.
A certain truth I can't escape.
......or is it?
Is that..................really...true?
　　　　　　You
Did Soejima really kill that many connectors?
―――Did she kill Yoshimori?
Rooms take on the color of those who live in them. Right now, this room is dark.
Benio: "Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu."
Benio emits a low growl. The hair on her back stands up like a dog's.
Kagome: "You're making a weird face. Did your chest get smaller?"
Benio: "......no, it didn't."
Benio's never seen Kagome arrive from somewhere other than the veranda.
Benio: "Did you come through the front door for once?"
Kagome: "Houses are meant to be entered through the front door. It's stupid to suggest otherwise."
Benio: "So you admit it......"
Kagome looks into Akihito's room with the attitude of a veteran commander.
Kagome: "......has he been like that the whole time?"
Benio: "Yeah."
Akihito's like a corpse. He didn't eat dinner. He's just been lying on the bed.
He hasn't done anything but glare at the ceiling.
He won't say anything, so Benio isn't sure what's wrong.
Kagome: "Explain everything."
Benio: "......!!"
Kagome's eyes are saying "Or else you'll die."
Benio: "――So, well, in the end we agreed that Izawa was getting ahead of himself."
Kagome: "But Akihito's still in shock."
Benio: "Umm, Hinaori-san?"
Kagome: "What?"
Benio: "Umm, who......was she?"
Kagome: "Soejima Hisoka? I don't know."
Benio: "Isn't she your classmate?"
Kagome: "That is her classification, but I have no time to frolic with the riffraff."
Benio: "She must be good friends with Akihito. He seems really upset by this."
Kagome: "It's additional damage."
Benio: "Additional?"
Kagome: "Something else happened recently. This is salt in that wound."
Benio: "......what was it?"
Kagome: "Despite how he acts, his armor isn't very thick at all. He takes direct damage very easily when I'm not watching him."
Benio: "How thick are we talking?"
Kagome: "A World War II Italian tank."
Benio: "Uuu, that doesn't help much."
Kagome: "They stop moving if they get rained on."
Benio: "That's useless!"
Kagome: "Anyway, that woman is in my territory."
Kagome: "Since she's our classmate."
Kagome smiles. Benio can't help but feel uneasy.
====================HK_26　バビロン対ミスJh.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "......that's obvious."
A one-night only festival begins on a ruined street, like demons gathering on a bald mountain. Faces, faces, and more faces from nowhere in particular.
They come for the avatars―――They come to touch the edge of the world.
Young people starved for stimulation.Dark-eyed men searching for God.
A woman who wants to destroy the world.A man who wants to destroy himself.
――And those who can control the monsters.
Izawa: "Tsk, we're the underdogs?"
Izawa glares at the screen and complains.
Tonight's final match is Miss Jh vs Babylon. The payoffs are 1.4 on Miss Jh and 2.7 on Babylon. Rondo's the clear favorite.
Benio: "That's exactly the opposite of what everyone online is predicting."
Akihito: "A lot of those guys just want interesting twists. Real bookies like these will put more value on past performances."
Benio: "Uuu, that's harsh. Everyone's wallets are so tight."
Miss Jh has won five matches. She's on top of the rankings.
Babylon only has two wins. We're in ninth place, tied with three others.
Our fights with Fuchur and Jack are mere legends with no witnesses.
If Rondo hadn't challenged us directly, this probably wouldn't be happening.
Benio: "By the way, where's Hinaori-san?"
Akihito: "Dunno."
She vanished at some point when I took my eyes off her, though that's pretty normal.
Akihito: "............"
The weekend gigs. Tonight, our opponent is Rondo Rondo's Miss Jh.
A strong foe. We can't let our guard down around her.
And yet, I find myself more concerned with something else.
―――Soejima.
I look at the screen. Nomad's name isn't listed tonight.
Soejima didn't come to school once last week. I still haven't had a chance to ask her about it.
Izawa: "――――"
Izawa glares at me with biting eyes, as if he can see exactly what I'm worried about."I still don't trust you. Fuck this up and I'll kill you right here."
He doesn't even have to say it out loud.
Haru: "......I've got bad news."
Haru comes back. I'm pretty sure she was calling Mayuki since she hasn't arrived yet.
Akihito: "What's wrong?"
Haru: "Mayu-Mayu says she can't come tonight."
Benio: "Eeeeh!?"
Haru: "Something happened on her way here."
Benio: "Don't say she got in a......"
Haru: "She got caught by an officer on his night watch."
Benio: "Uwa!"
An awkward but terrible situation.
Haru: "She considered summoning Babylon to get away, but in the end......"
Akihito: "He arrested her and took her back home."
Haru: "And that's what she just texted me."
Benio: "House arrest......"
Akihito: "This country's so nice and safe."
Izawa: "Tsk, the brat screwed this up!"
Izawa kicks the fence.
Akihito: "......so we're already a man down."
Izawa just came back to us, but now――
Mayuki the Priest is the mainstay of our defense. Losing her is more than just lacking a teammate.
Haru: "Should we give up......?"
Izawa: "We can't do that now. There's millions of yen riding on this already."
Haru: "I was afraid of that. O-Haru-san wasn't expecting this."
Akihito: "The heroine gets taken back home to her parents on the way to the final battle......definitely an unorthodox twist."
Benio: "Mayu-Mayu really does live by herself."
Haru: "Yeah, but probably not much longer. She'll be on a short leash now."
Akihito: "That sounds really bad."
I think about the route to this place. Society definitely wouldn't like seeing a little girl like Mayuki around here at this hour.
Maybe we should've asked Haru to drive her here.
Benio: "......I'll do it."
Benio's been quiet until now.
Haru: "Do what?"
Benio: "I'll take Mayu-Mayu's place. I'll control the shield."
Izawa: "You think it's that easy?"
Akihito: "I appreciate the thought, Benio, but Izawa's right."
Benio's a Rogue. Defense is her worst stat.
The stats say I'm the best choice to replace Mayuki. Though it's dangerous to rely entirely on those numbers, since technique and experience are factors too.
Benio: "It's all right. I've been doing this for a while so I have a good feel for it now. Plus, I've been doing more of that arcade training."
Izawa: "This isn't a damn game."
Akihito: "According to Mayuki, it's pretty similar."
Izawa: "Keh!"
A long silence.
Haru: "......all right, we'll trust you, Benio-chan. And O-Haru-san will try to dodge attacks before they hit us."
Benio: "Thank you, O-Haru-san."
Akihito: "I'm a Bishop, so isn't it safer to let me handle the defense?"
Haru: "But then you can't help balance everything else, right?"
Haru: "We're up against Rondo Rondo."
The maid's face appears clueless, but the way she plays with her hair makes her look strangely clever.
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't want to die just yet."
Our maid is much sharper than she looks.
Haru's realized just how dangerous tonight's match is. How different Miss Jh is.
She doesn't want me switching roles because she's wary of that.
And the gigs are different from real-world fights.
Our combat space is limited, so there's little need to be precise with our shield usage.
If we weren't afraid of showing our avatar's powers, we could have had the shield on the whole time during our previous matches.
We can easily finish the match before we run out of magic.
So in that sense, Benio should be more than up to the task.
Akihito: "......the real problem is Miss Jh's power."
Babylon the heavy Georgios versus Miss Jh the Burroughs.
Rondo's strategy has been the same in all five matches thus far.
Unlike most Burroughs, they flew straight at the enemy and finished them off in one strike.
They were a little slow in their first match, but after that, they consistently won in almost no time at all. Typically under a minute.
Miss Jh is good at close-range combat, and that's also where Babylon's strengths lie.
Even if Miss Jh has more levels than us, with the boost and shield abilities our gravity control gives us, we should be more than capable of putting up a fight.
Akihito: "We should be, but......"
I can't wipe away the doubt.
Burroughs usually have excellent special abilities. Is it really safe to assume Miss Jh is just really good at close-quarters combat, and that's it?
I really wish Mayuki was here.
No matter what we do, that's going to be a huge handicap against such a strong opponent.
Izawa must feel the same way. He's staying quiet, making a difficult face.
Izawa: "――They don't know about Babylon's fire, do they?"
The corners of Izawa's mouth rise up. A devil's smile.
Izawa: "We'll blow off their head just as they close in."
Akihito: "You know we can't use that here."
Izawa: "Doesn't matter. If we win, we're in charge."
Haru: "It does feel like there's a winner-take-all attitude these days."
Benio: "We can't do that!"
Akihito: "I thought you'd say that."
Izawa: "We can't win with pretty thoughts. I'm not gonna lose. Not to that woman."
Something seems to have lit Izawa's fury as well.――A woman approaches us from behind him.
Nanase: "Good evening, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Having fun patrolling the place?"
Takatou Nanase. Her friends are standing a short distance away. I recognize David.
Nanase: "I'm going to pretend I didn't hear what Izawa-kun was saying."
Izawa: "Keh, small fry acting high and mighty."
Nanase: "The Round Table has several coμs here tonight."
Izawa's face changes. His eyes turn to the crowd with the sharpness of a wolf, but there's no way for him to pick them out.
Akihito: "So you're ready to seize control if something happens?"
Nanase: "We're just asking you to be careful. I don't want to interfere if we don't have to."
She restricts our options little by little. A series of coμs breaking the rule not to kill. The Round Table is convinced that the gigs have already reached their peak.
Nanase: "Ever since the coμ hunters appeared, the desire for a peacekeeping force has been getting stronger, both inside and outside the Round Table......"
Probably Kugura's faction. He's trying to recapture the glory he wanted to get from defeating Jack the Ripper.
Haru: "Must be tough being one of the pacifists. The world's becoming more and more militant."
Nanase: "As a result, the Coμnet pressured us into taking action. I'm here because......I don't want to leave this entirely in the extremists' hands."
So she's worried they'll jump the gun too.
Akihito: "In that case I'm sure Izawa-kun will understand――Right?"
Izawa: "......tsk, I always knew you guys were a pain in the ass."
Akihito: "There, there. It's never easy keeping the world in one piece."
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Yes?"
Nanase: "Miss Jh hasn't shown what it's capable of in the gigs yet. Be careful."
Nanase leaves us with those words as she disappears back into the crowds.
Benio: "......what does that mean?"
Haru: "Is that going to be her dying message?"
Akihito: "Why would she die here?"
Izawa: "――"
Izawa just glares at the clamor below.
Akihito: "Well, you heard her. We're counting on you."
Izawa: "......hey, I just remembered something."
Benio: "What is it?"
Izawa: "Rondo's avatar. I got some information on it from another coμ on the way back from a previous gig."
Haru: "Oooh, now that's a surprise. Izawacchi's swapping information."
Izawa: "He looked at me. I beat him up. I didn't ask for it, he just started telling me as he begged for his life."
Akihito: "You really know how to use your body language to full effect."
Izawa: "He said he'd seen another avatar fight Miss Jh before. Before Rondo started coming to the gigs."
Haru: "Was he just trying to sound cool because he "was a fan before it was cool?""
Izawa: "Dumbass, not like that――He said that avatar was shot by Miss Jh from long range."
Benio: "Shot......? But Miss Jh isn't......"
In the gigs, Miss Jh hasn't shown any signs of having any ranged attacks.
Izawa: "That's all I heard. Tsk, if I knew this would happen, I might've――"
Izawa clicks his tongue again. At that point the background music changes, and our conversation ends.
It bugs me. Something about it doesn't feel right.
The Miss Jh we do know, and the one we don't.
Mayuki's absence only makes me more uneasy.
And――
My black mood accelerates, as if it's rolling down a hill.
The final match is here. Miss Jh versus Babylon. It's not as tense as the Nomad versus MacBeth fight from last time.
But this was a challenge issued from one of the top performers. The audience can smell the grudge a mile away.
Haru: "――O-Haru-san has a question. Why would an important woman like her just give us that information?"
Once again, we take up positions in an abandoned apartment and look down on the coliseum of destiny.
Rondo's coμ is probably hiding in another room nearby.
Izawa: "Keh, yet more manipulation?"
Akihito: "Don't start rumors without any basis in fact."
Haru: "Ah, I see, you've already done it with Nana-chan too."
Benio: "Wh-what? What do you mean "too?" What's going on!?"
Akihito: ".........what made you assume that?"
I'm surrounded by expressions of ridicule, suspicion, and annoyingly, belief.
Haru: "They're really motivated tonight."
Akihito: "They're tough too. When someone charges forward like this they abandon all of their escape routes."
Benio: "That's......"
A small voice, like a prayer, wiped out by the shouts.
Benio: "That's not true. I'm sure there are other paths for her."
She says to herself, not to anyone in particular.
Izawa: "Enough with the friendship crap――It's time. Let's do this."
Akihito: "Got it."
Haru: "All right."
Benio: "......yeah!"
Four bullets loaded into it. One of the five is missing, but the show must go on.
Revenge and justice. Hatred and friendship. There's no room for compromise between them.
The city's lights in the distance. Under the starry sky and the raging wind, two fantasies move forward.
Miss Jh the Burroughs. A white, bone-like silhouette floating in the air.
It normally charges forward, but tonight it's using the standard approach of probing us for weaknesses. Right now, it's circling around us.
This isn't like Miss Jh. It's hard to tell if the audience is expectant or disillusioned.
Haru: "They're more maneuverable."
The enemy is faster. Maybe they have a really good Mage. In terms of raw speed we're on par with them, but the size of our avatar is a problem.
In the end Miss Jh manages to get behind us.
Izawa: "Dammit!"
The steel dragon's tail swings up.
It evades, like a feather blowing away in the wind.
The dragon's tail spins through empty air like a violent wind. That huge motion creates an opening. Miss Jh descends like a bird of prey.
Izawa: "――That was a feint,dumbass!"
As planned, he uses the momentum from the swinging tail to complete a full revolution, allowing the black steel arm to swing up with its claws.
Sparks fly in the dark.
A shallow hit. Babylon merely scratched Jh's surface.
Akihito: "She just barely dodged that――She's calm."
She wasn't dazzled by the surprise move as we'd hoped. This enemy is strong. I can feel it in my skin.
Benio: "No, we definitely shook them up!"
Benio's spirit comes forth.
Benio: "If we keep this up, we can break them!"
Izawa: "Heh――I couldn't agree more! Let's do this!"
Benio and Izawa are in sync. The dragon's red eyes glow.
Akihito: "Full speed, O-Haru-san! Before they can recover!"
We want to finish this before Rondo's coμ starts using any special tricks.
Haru: "All right――Babylon, dance!"
Slender fingertips dance through the void, playing an invisible keyboard, guiding the dragon's trajectory.
Gravity control―――
We lower Babylon's weight and increase its speed, but at the same time increase its apparent weight so as to make its attacks more powerful.
Plus―――
―――Set power:
Critical level + 30
Akihito: "This won't last long――"
Trying to control multiple gravity fields at once is far more difficult than just one, especially when they're all doing different things.
And without Mayuki, we can't even get 70% of Babylon's true strength.
Akihito: "Izawa, take control!!"
Miss Jh backs off. Babylon chases. White and black shapes cut through the air.
Izawa: "Rarararararaa――!!"
One, two, three, four swipes――
Steel claws assult our prey. Fangs lunge forth just as it dodges.
Claws
, claws
, fangs
, claws
, tail
, claws――
We're not aiming for one instant-knockout attack. Benio realized that we've thrown Rondo off her game. We're trying to keep the pressure on them so they make a big mistake.
An unending chain of attacks supported by stamina and bloodlust.
Izawa's exceptional instincts keep the steel dragon moving.
Akihito: "They're setting up a counterattack!"
Rondo Rondo didn't miss the fact that our attacks are simple and repetitive.
One of Miss Jh's arms flashes. A white death god's attack, which has sent many other avatars to their graves. But we expected this much.
Benio: "I've got it!"
Benio takes control, opening the jaw so wide it looks almost broken. She plans to defeat the attack head-on.
A tactic we discovered during the Jack the Ripper fight, which combines offense and defense. By keeping Babylon's fire ready in its mouth, its fangs can interfere with the space around them.
A single swing of its neck disassembles the squid-like tentacle. After losing an arm, Miss Jh is thrown off balance.
A leap. Babylon shoots up above its foe.
Izawa: "Tear them to pieces!"
A pile driver from above, using all of Babylon's excessive mass to crush the flying white bones.
―――But it vanishes.
Akihito: "――!?"
Babylon lands uneventfully. It looks all around, but can't find its target.
Miss Jh very literally vanished.
Izawa: "......the hell did they do?"
Akihito: "Calm down, this is probably one of its powers."
Impressive magic. Not only can we not see anything, but there's no sound of it flying around. It doesn't feel like it's floating over our heads.
This definitely isn't the optical camouflage I once saw a Pantagruel use.
There's absolutely no sign of Miss Jh anywhere inside the combat area.
None of Babylon's senses are picking up anything.
―――Could it really have a ridiculous power like this?
It's probably Miss Jh's special ability, but I have no idea what that exact ability is.
The black dragon stands alone, searching for its foe like a foolish clown.
At that moment―――
A chilling bloodlust at its feet. Babylon senses a subtle irregularity.
Akihito: "――!"
I take control of it, telling it to evade on instinct alone.
A column of fire grazes past Babylon's head.
One of its horns shatters, and part of its armor breaks off. My mind finally catches up with it.
――It was shot.
Izawa: "That's it!"
Izawa's voice. He can't hide his fear.
If he can see the enemy, he can suppress his fear with anger and bloodlust. But this enemy won't even allow him to glare at it.
Benio: "Where!? Where is she!?"
As a Rogue, her specialty is processing the avatar's sensory information to locate the enemy. But even she has no idea where Miss Jh is.
Akihito: "――――"
The soles of my feet feel cold.
It's hard to believe it, but that shot came from below us.
From underneath the ground Babylon's standing on.
A blue-white flare comes up from the ground.
Akihito: "Here it comes――"
Haru: "Uho!"
Haru takes control to dodge the second shot.
A blue flash shooting through the night sky. If Babylon wasn't as maneuverable as a Gevaudan, we would've taken that hit.
Izawa: "God dammit......how do we fight this thing?"
Miss Jh's new form. I still don't know how to deal with it.
No one can hide their surprise. Neither the black dragon nor the audience.
A new legend of the Coμnet. A tougher enemy than the black dragon Babylon expected.
She probably didn't want to reveal this before fighting Caesar.
But she can't win this fight without it, so she had no choice.
Besides―――
Odds are high that not a single person here understands how Miss Jh's power works.
That special ability can't be used to the fullest until she switches from Miss Jh to Miss jH.
Miss Jekyll and Hyde has two faces. Changing from one to the other completely changes the avatar's shape and abilities, just like its name implies.
There's nothing Babylon can do any more.
But impatience remains on Rondo's face.
Rondo: "They dodged it again."
Iroha: "They're just lucky. We'll get 'em next time!"
Rondo: "I can't forgive that black dragon. They insulted my brother."
Iroha: "Leave it to me. No one can stop you now, Rondo Rondo. I'll destroy everyone who gets in your way."
Rondo: "Thank you, Iroha. I'm going to need your help."
Iroha: "......that's not like you at all. Save those lines for when we have Caesar's head on a platter!"
Despite her words, Iroha's eyes show happiness. Fighting spirit lies behind them.
Iroha: "Let's go. This is sure to get them――Hyde, fire!"
A flare appears on the ground again.
A different bullet flies out this time. One with ailerons.
It's slower than the previous ones, so we can easily avoid it――
Haru: "No way."
But then it changes course and continues pursuing us.
We dodge it. It still won't stop. It leaves a blue-white flare in its wake as it sinks back into the sea of rubble.
Akihito: "――"
One second. Two seconds.
A time of silence. The air is heavy.
Three seconds.
Another flare under our feet.
Akihito: "Benio, use the shield! Full power!!"
There's no point trying to hide our abilities now.
Ten points gush darkness. Benio deploys the "black shield" on full power.
She may not be as good as Mayuki the Priest, but it might be enough to block this―――
Akihito: "―――!?"
The bullet is right in front of us.
Such an utterly incomprehensible event. I'm seeing it, but I have no idea how it's happening.
This gravity shield has even blocked the Song of Ende, but Miss Jh's shot slipped right through it.
As if the shield didn't even exist.
There's no way for us to dodge or block it.
This is Rondo's trump card―――
Once she releases it, it's guaranteed to hit the enemy. A truly magical bullet.
Izawa: "Maid, fly!"
Gravity control――
There's no time. The shot flies into us. An explosion.
Benio: "――!"
We're blown away, but it wasn't quite a direct hit. One lost limb rolls around on the ground.
Benio: "Gyowaaa! We lost a leg!"
Haru: "Don't worry, I can still stand if we have the other one, but――"
Akihito: "We can't afford to fight much longer."
We can use our gravity control to make up for the missing leg, but that costs a lot of magic.
Izawa: "God dammit. That thing's practically a U-boat."
Haru: "Oh my, you watch old war movies? The kind they show late at night?"
Haru remains casual even at this stage. Somehow that makes me feel better.
The dragon evaded what should have been Miss jH's ultimate attack.
Rondo: "――――!"
Rondo's lips quiver.
By warping a limited region of space, they can break through any physical substance.
Miss jH's special ability is passing through substances via a gravity lens.
Once you know the secret, it's extremely simple. All it really does is open "holes."
With one signal. Miss jH doesn't break through targets, but through the space they exist in.
No matter how indestructible the armor, or how invincible the shield, as long as it exists in three-dimensional space, Miss jH can render it useless by breaking through that space itself.
It can penetrate all defenses without taking the slightest damage.
Right now―――Miss jH is passing through the ground, targeting the black dragon.
Like Izawa said, it really is like a submarine.
Miss jH's trump card is a set of seven magical bullets, which act like wired torpedoes.
As long as they remain connected to the avatar's main body, they have the same ability to pass through substances.
Thus, there is no way to defend against them.
The moment they "overlap" the opponent, the line is cut and it explodes――
―――At least, it should've―――
Iroha: "I said it's fine! There's no way for them to get away in this tiny arena!"
Despite her words, Iroha is clearly showing signs of concern.
The last shot failed, but not just because they got the timing wrong for the explosion.
It was redirected.
Babylon's defensive barrier.
They bend space in order to pass through physical substances, but that gravity field screwed it up.
The worst possible opponent. A bullet that should be a guaranteed one-shot kill has lost its precision because of that black dragon.
And there's one other concern.
It has nothing to do with Babylon. Rondo isn't as mentally strong as she seems.
This is her longest fight. It's nothing like hunting down weak little prey.
She's fighting an equally powerful foe. Can Rondo really handle this?
Either way, if she loses here, everything's lost. If she can't take down this avatar, she has no hope against Caesar.
―――Against the invincible, undefeated champion, El-ahrairah.
Iroha: "Let's do this, Rondo! I'm your goddess of victory! I will make sure you win!"
Rondo: "......I know that, Iroha!"
The fire returns to Rondo's eyes.
Iroha knows that this victory will help Rondo grow.
If she defeats Babylon, she'll change into a truly tenacious warrior with the mental strength she needs.
Iroha: "All right, this is the end."
They had seven magic bullets. Six left.
Iroha: "Miss jH――Samiel Mode!"
Miss jH shoots all of its remaining bullets at the black dragon.
Controlling all six magic bullets at once will be a huge burden on Iroha.
If they miss, they'll have nothing left.
Iroha's the only one who can control Hyde Mode.
Her spirit is nearing its limit. They can't stay in that mode for more than a minute.
If those shots don't destroy the target, Miss jH will return to Jekyll Mode, and everything will come down to Rondo.
So for Iroha, this is the final gamble.
Iroha: "Babylon......I will defeat you――And take Rondo to defeat the champion!!"
Under the rubble, below the ground, six beams of light crawl up in search of the dragon. It's impossible to avoid them all, no matter where it runs.
New flares appear from under the rubble. Six of them.
Benio: "No way......"
Benio's voice contains no terror. Even the feeling of despair has been taken away from her.
They couldn't even dodge one of those homing missiles without taking heavy damage. Now they have to deal with six at once.
Izawa: "Fuck this......the hell are we supposed to do......?"
Akihito: "――"
Death lies before us. The firmest reality in this world. Faced with it, I――
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, don't stop running!"
Haru: "Got it!"
The black dragon roars into the night.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The fight with MacBeth gave us some ideas. The black dragon floats up into the sky, its missing leg replaced with a gravity field.
Babylon's huge body rises rapidly. Six streaks of light fly up from beneath it.
Death begins its pursuit. Everything's over if even one round hits.
It dodges one.
Two.
It continues evading.
And eva――――――
A fireball erupts in the pitch-black sky. The outline of the black dragon crumbles apart like cinders.
They won.
Iroha: "We did it......"
Iroha's legs are shaky. She falls over into Rondo.
Iroha: "Ah......"
Rondo: "Thank you, Iroha. It's all thanks to you."
Like a huge flower blooming――That's the smile she wanted to see so badly.
Iroha: "Don't say that. You fought just as hard, Rondo."
Rondo: "You're never honest about these things."
A soft heat touches her forehead. Rondo's lips.
Iroha: "Uwawawa! What was that for!? Stupid Rondo! Pervert!"
She says that, but her face is bright red.
Rondo: "Now we're one step closer to avenging my brother."
Iroha: "Yeah, not long before Caesar."
Rondo: "I won't allow anyone to interfere――"
Rondo: "Because I'm Rondo Rondo."
Haru: "What should we do, Akihito?"
The iron woman. She remains calm even in this situation.
Akihito: "Isn't it obvious? We crush Miss Jh."
This is a war. Rondo is the enemy. We can't settle this without crushing them.
So I won't run. I grip the steel in my heart.
Izawa: "God dammit......! I know they're just laughing at us from some little hole――"
Six spears of death fly out of the rubble.
Haru: "I'll dodge them――"
Izawa's words are the key.
Akihito: "No――"
They move unexpectedly.
The black dragon. Void appears in front of the silver moon.
Just like MacBeth once did, the black dragon floats into the air with a gravity field to replace its missing leg.
That makes sense. If they're in the sky, they can at least see the shots coming.
But―――
Do they really think they can dodge the bullets just because they can see them coming?
Iroha: "Goodbye――Babylon!"
Six magic bullets fly up out of the ground.
The dragon does something unexpected.
Instead of fleeing into the sky, it turned around and went straight down.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
Babylon roars.
Black power gushes out of its body. So much gravity even light itself is bending.
―――A shield!?
Babylon's gravity shield. Iroha's prepared for that.
No matter how strong the shield, she already knows she can pass through it just like any physical substance.
Even if they aren't as precise as usual, six magic bullets should be more than powerful enough to defeat Babylon.
―――It wasn't a shield.
Rondo: "――!?"
Ten points cutting through the world. Fourteen eyes glowing bright red behind the rumbling air.
The black dragon tears through the darkness, like Lucifer himself descending from the heavens.
Rondo shivers.
The pitch-black dragon releases its gravity field. Black, black, black, black darkness spreads across the sky. The reversed gravity field sucks up the rubble at its feet.
Iroha: "――Wha――!?"
Ground and sky trade places for a moment. An explosive rise of dust and rubble forms a gray curtain, completely hiding the dragon.
―――They're blocking our view!?
Iroha gets flustered.
Now it was her turn to lose sight of the enemy.
The bullets' weakness. Without a clean line of sight to the target, she won't know when to detonate them.
Within that storm of gravity, their detection abilities can't help at all.
Iroha cuts the connections one by one, relying entirely on intuition. Six explosions flash in the darkness one by one.
Overpowering explosions blow away the veil of rubble.
As the air clears――
The black dragon stands tall, covered in countless wounds.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
It roars.
Iroha: "Aaaaaaaaaah......!"
Iroha falls to her knees, letting out a cry of despair.
Controlling an avatar puts a strain on the connectors' brains because they're connecting directly to an inhuman construct. It would be strange if they weren't affected by it.
Normally being connected for a long time merely causes fatigue, but she's been pushing herself for the whole fight, so her brain――Her sense of taste and language processing are impaired.
Of course, the farther from the human the avatar is, the worse those effects are.
Miss Jh is a shapeshifter, so it demands much more from its connectors than most avatars.
Iroha: "......ah......!"
Iroha just barely manages to keep control of her bowels, but she's incapable of fighting any more. They can't rely on the other two.
Rondo's coμ has only four people. One of them died a while ago.
Not only does their avatar demand more from its connectors than most, but they're already down one connector. The longer the battle, the more likely that problem is to come up.
And now that Iroha's down for the count, they have to fight Babylon with only three people.
Rondo: "How dare――!"
But so what――?
Rondo takes control from Iroha.
Rondo: "How dare you do this to Rondo Rondo!"
jH the Caspar changes back to Jh the Burroughs.
A single avatar switching between two categories. That's Miss Jh's biggest weapon, and they've already lost it.
But so what?
They can't afford to lose. The black dragon isn't even their real enemy.
They risked everything to get this far so that they could fight that man.
Caesar and his avatar―――The silver El-ahrairah.
Heat enters the core of her heart.
――――I can't lose.
――――Not now. Not yet.
She can't afford to throw away everything she and Iroha have worked so hard to achieve.
Rondo: "Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaa――!!"
Rondo screams, as if to throw all of her body and soul at the enemy.
She becomes a polished, searing lance.
Miss Jh raises one arm, like a saber in a duel.
The Hammer of Brody is a limited use of its special ability, allowing the tip of its appendage to pierce through the enemy's body and explode. That's the last thing Miss Jh has left.
Babylon's enormous body stands ready, even though it's staggering and creaking. It used up most of its magic generating that storm.
It can't control gravity anymore.
So―――
A straight-up match. Babylon takes the full force of Miss Jh's attack.
The rumbling sound of steel colliding with steel. A white bony arm pierces the black dragon. Babylon roars as if mortally wounded.
In exchange its fangs bite through Miss Jh's figurehead.
One of them wavers―――
Miss Jh's white outline loses the last of its strength.
It can no longer float in the air, and collapses atop the mountain of rubble.
ＤＪ: "Match seeeet!!"
The loudest applause we've heard all night shakes the ruined building.
――The gig ends.
It's still going to be a while before dawn. Under the moon, the crowds start to disperse.
Benio: "Haa......we won......"
Benio's used up all of her energy.
We only won that fight by a hair. Izawa's words were the key.
It hit me when the first explosion happened.
The bullet exploded before touching Babylon. That was probably what gave me the idea.
That told me Rondo's coμ was watching us from somewhere in these ruins, and we just had to obscure their view.
Haru: "We did win......aaah, I'm so tired. I'm gonna have to have so much food and sex before going to sleep."
Benio: "S-......se――!?"
As always, she reacts strongly to lewd jokes.
Izawa: "Heh, it was an easy win even without the frog."
Akihito: "How was that easy......?"
I wish I could bluff that well.
Haru: "We pulled it off even without O-Chibi-chan."
Benio: "But we probably shouldn't talk too much about tonight. She'd probably feel bad."
Akihito: "You're so kind."
Benio: "Yeah, I feel like I should be right now."
She achieved her objective, but Benio's face is even more sad than before.
Akihito: "You feel guilty?"
Benio's eyes wander across the ruins, as if searching for something that used to be there.
Benio: "I don't know......but I'm not the slightest bit happy, even though I was sure this was the right thing to do."
Akihito: "――"
I walk slowly, matching Benio's pace.
The end of a languid, lonely festival. Tonight's accomplices go their separate ways in the background.
Benio: "Hey."
Akihito: "Hm?"
Benio: "I want to think......this was for the best."
Akihito: "Wasn't it?"
Benio: "It seems like you don't feel that way......"
Akihito: "Not at all. I agree with you."
Justice――
Benio and Rondo both believed in their own, but when they fought, Benio won.
According to the basic rules that keep the world moving, that makes Benio right.
The winner isn't smiling. She continues looking into the darkness in the east, letting a sigh escape into the sky.
Benio: "I'd like a hot drink."
Someone bumps into Benio from behind.
Benio: "Eh――?"
Iroha: "――Learned your lesson, bitch?"
The blood freezes in my veins as I hear those words of bottomless hatred.
Iroha: "Rondo's done for now. The most beautiful flower in the world wilted."
Iroha. Her eyes hold madness.Her hands hold a knife.
Iroha: "But I'm going to protect her. I'm going to deal with the ones responsible for making Rondo not Rondo anymore."
Blood comes out of Benio's back.
Benio: "Ah......"
She falls to the ground like a doll. Something clogs in my mind.
――Old memories. The red color. Things I lost.
One more puzzle piece.
Iroha: "Haha! ――Ahahahahaha!"
She turns around and runs off.
Akihito: "Benio!"
I rush to Benio's side. Iroha doesn't matter right now.
Izawa: "――That bitch!"
Haru: "It's too late! Just call an ambulance!"
Izawa pulls out his Tokarev, but Haru stops him. Iroha already disappeared into the crowd.
I hold her up. A warm, raw sensation in my hands. Benio's blood flowing out.
The reward of justice――――
====================HK_27　覇王の策動.json====================
Shinomiya Yoruko is in the city. She walks through the night, almost swimming through it.
She seeks information.
Information is a fortress and a sword. Sometimes it saves your allies, and sometimes it restrains your enemies.
Gasai Itsuki is Yoruko's only ally. For him she'd walk a thousand miles, killing someone every ten steps.
Everyone else is Yoruko's enemy. Foolish, worthless people who can't even support themselves.
Yoruko: "――Kururi-san?"
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko: "It's none of your business what I do with the information I paid for. I'm just your client."
Yoruko: "......yes, that's right."
Yoruko: "Then send the data to the e-mail address I gave."
Yoruko: "I'll send the compensation once I've checked it. Thank you for your help."
The other person starts to say something, but she ignores it and hangs up. She takes out a thin notebook to receive Semimaru Kururi's message.
She opens the attached data and quickly looks through it.
Yoruko: "Soejima Hisoka――Second-year at Ayamine Academy."
A photograph and personal data. Her black eyes are reflected by the backlit screen.
Her white fingers tap the keys, forwarding the message.
Information released into the electronic sea. A sword to smite the champion's enemies.
Yoruko: "――A knight."
Yoruko: "These are your orders. Show your loyalty to Caesar's Legion."
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko: "That's right."
Yoruko: "These are Caesar's orders."
Shinomiya Yoruko is in the city.
====================HK_28-29 春とのＨ02.json====================
This is a love hotel.
Haru: "O-Haru-san was wondering what to do if everyone just left her there."
Akihito: "Well, I can't really go back home right now either......"
I don't want to go home to Kagome. But I don't feel like being alone either.
In the end, I went to pick up Haru at the police station, and we ran off to a love hotel.
Finding a place to sleep was the first priority.
Akihito: "Now what......"
Before I can think about it, she suddenly pushes me down.
I lost to the power of her dense flesh, and collapsed under her.
The maid straddles my hips with a lewd smile. The womanly scent is so thick it catches in my throat. Such an indecent smell my eyes are swimming.
Akihito: "O-Haru-san――"
So much happened last night that a clump of irritation is still caught deep in my chest.
Right now, I want to forget about everything. I pray that burying myself in the white flesh of this sweaty woman can erase the red color burned deep into my eyes.
Haru: "This is what you wanted, isn't it?"
Akihito: "Yes, but......shouldn't we at least shower first......?"
Haru: "You looked like you really wanted it."
Haru's face is just a silhouette under the dim lighting. Her words tickle my earlobes as if she's toying with me.
Akihito: "......is it that obvious?"
Womens' intuition is scary. Or maybe I'm just too expressive. I feel like she's seeing all the way through my heart.
Haru: "Good question."
Haru's always vague, unlike Kagome's lethal sharpness.
I feel like I'm being wrapped in silk. I think I can understand why some men lose themselves in Haru.
Haru: "Well, since you were nice enough to pick me up, you can have this one on the house, master."
An incredibly perverse smile. She could seduce a monk.
Akihito: "Crap, maids are too powerful!!"
For a moment, I feel guilty about Benio, but that's quickly blotted out by the sheer mass of her flesh.
Haru: "Mm......there we go."
Akihito: "Owa!"
She lowers her hips down onto my crotch. It's strangely warm. Wait, is she......?
Haru: "Tada~ Flip!"
Akihito: "Uu!"
She's naked under the maid outfit. Shaved too. Does she prefer it that way?
Haru: "Oooh, you're already big. It's so nice being young and full of life."
Akihito: "Why the special service!?"
Haru: "You got some excellent grades the other night, Akihito, so the maid's giving you a reward. Clap clap clap~!"
Akihito: "R-reward......?"
Haru: "Hmm-hm-hmmm♪ Hmm-hmm-hmmm♪"
She hums as she straddles me, removing her blouse buttons one by one. Shocking melons spill out.
Haru: "Huuuu~ That feels better. You know, a sense of release?"
Akihito: "Boobs are meant to be free!"
I emphasize my youth.
Haru: "Mmhuhuhu, would you like me to use these later?"
Akihito: "......"
Haru: "Such an honest face. I'll do it later."
On the inside I shout "Yeeeees!" as she hums and pulls down my pants.
Haru: "Amazing, it's pointing right up at the ceiling. It's rock hard."
Akihito: "I'd appreciate it if you didn't say stuff like that out loud. It's embarrassing."
It's so erect it's embarrassing, but she takes it inside of her.
A slimy sliding sensation makes my hair stand on end.
Akihito: "Uua......it's really wet, but that's so sudden......!"
Haru: "Uhuhuhu, we're so compatible. O-Haru-san's always found it easy to get wet without lotion."
Akihito: "Wait, uuooo......!"
Her folds move back and forth along my shaft. The sensation is similar to being licked by a tongue, but her fluids are much stickier than saliva.
If I didn't tense up my thighs, I might've cum right then and there.
Haru: "How do you like a Japanese maid, master?"
Her flesh opens up indecently like a flower, and wraps around me as if it's sucking on my shaft.
I can see everything because it's so smooth, which makes it all the more perverse.
Haru: "Your eyes are sparkling, huhuhuhu."
Akihito: "Well, it's just......"
Who wouldn't look!?
Haru: "I'm not saying don't look. I shaved it so you could see. Come on, come on."
Akihito: "Uwa......ah......!"
Haru: "Time to use my hips."
Her butt starts dancing wildly around.
Akihito: "Hua, uuu......!"
She covers up my glance with her two smooth hands.
My shaft is captured by her folds, and my tip rubs repeatedly against her palms.
Akihito: "Hua, ah......! W-wait......!"
Haru: "Go ahead and cum, huhuhuhu."
Akihito: "Uuuuu, uua......ha......! Ah......wai――......!"
Some kind of incomprehensible electric shock beyond pleasure shoots straight into my brain.
The excess information overheats my brain, preventing me from thinking.
Haru: "Come on, come ooon."
Akihito: "Ah, wait, I'm really......! Uua......!!"
There's no way I could possibly endure this. My hips start leaping before I even think about running away.
Akihito: "Uwa......ah............haa, haa, haa............!"
Semen squirts out of my tip on and off.
Haru: "Uhuhuhuhu, how was that, master?"
Akihito: "Too...good......"
Haru: "Onee-san's overjoyed to see you like it so much. Akihito, you're not even close to satisfied, are you?"
Like the maid said, I'm gonna need a lot more than this today.
Akihito: "I feel like I'm just taking advantage of you......"
Haru: "So what? We both are. Nothing wrong with doing what feels good, right?"
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't like annoying things, lives in the moment, and is a total egoist. Just take it easy with me."
She smirks. For some reason, that reminds me of Senpai's Cheshire cat smile.
Haru: "O-Haru-san gets infatuated easily."
Akihito: "You do......?"
Haru: "But even if you fall in love for real, you can never tell how the man feels, can you? So it's best if both people just take it easy. What's wrong with being convenient and easygoing?"
Akihito: "Maybe you're right."
Bodies connecting for only a moment, licking each other's wounds when we're lonely, without tying each other down.
Haru: "So, master, shall we continue where we left off?"
Akihito: "Okay, I'll do it this time."
I grab her hips, which are just as big as her boobs, and thrust my body up.
Haru: "Aan, you're so impatient. Oh well.In that case,here we go~ ............nnn......ha......ah............!"
Akihito: "Uuuu......!"
Again, my erect member sinks into Haru's insides. So soft they feel like they're liquid.
Haru: "Haaaaaa......yes, that's good, Akihito......it's really...hard......ah......haaaaa............"
She gasps for air as an equally sweet numbness rises up from my crotch.
Akihito: "Amazing......!"
Haru: "Uhuuu......the moment it comes in is so good......if you had the right kind of hole I'd like to teach you what this feels like."
Akihito: "Nn......! Please, let my rear stay pristine......"
The maid smirks as she starts shaking her hips.
Each time her butt lands on my abdomen, my thing is crumpled up inside her soft flesh.
Haru: "Aha! I-I've heard boys like it...from behind too......! Nn! Nnn......! Uuuuu.........!"
She puts a hand on my chest and moves her hips violently.
Her two breasts shake tremendously, proving she's an adult who can do anything. Boobs really are what men want most.
Haru: "Nnuu! Hu! Aha......Akihito, you should be moving too."
Haru: "Feeling it come in......nn! From below over and over is much......uun! ......ahaa......! Yes, there......!"
I put my hands on her plump hips and thrust up from below.
The moistness is neither soft nor loose, but the result of countless folds of skin twisting around me.
Haru: "Nn! Uha......! Ah, ha......! Yes, Akihito, that's great......are you feeling good too......?"
Akihito: "Yes......very......!"
Membranes softly but tightly envelop me. She accepts me no matter what direction I thrust in. The stimulus changes with each new direction, changing the pleasure.
Haru: "Ah, haa......♪ Th-there......! That's a good...angle......!"
Haru: "Do it there more, yes, Akihito......! Uuhaa......ah! Haaaaaaaa............"
Since Haru's asking for it, I repeatedly thrust in that direction.
Haru twists her hips more with each bounce, even though I'm keeping the same angle.
Akihito: "Uuu, it's tight......!"
Her enormous breasts shake violently.
I want to squeeze them right now, but I should enjoy seeing them shake around like this while I have the chance.
They shake wildly. Truly spectacular.
Haru: "Haaaaaa......yes, yes......! It hasn't been this good in ages......! Ah, haa......ah............! Nn, nnnuuu......huaaa............!"
I reach out to the shaking breasts. When I squeeze them from below, feeling their weight, they're so soft they almost seem like an extension of her genitalia.
Haru: "Aha! Yes, squeeze them......! Nn! That's nice and calming......nha! Ah......!"
Akihito: "That's something men know nothing about......!"
Squishy, watery noises from where we're connected. Frothy fluid pours out.
Haru: "Nnha......aaaa......nn! Huu, huuuu......yes, Akihito, faster......! More, more......"
Her soft, sweaty breasts really do feel just like genitalia.
Her sweaty flesh sucks on my hands. Since it doesn't have any complicated folds, it's perfectly smooth. 
Haru: "Haa! Ah......! More, don't stop, Akihito......! Aannn! Uu, nn......! Yes, that's really good, it's hitting deep inside......ah......nn......!"
I fill both hands with her boobs as her soft flesh envelops me, as if my whole body is being taken in by her. It's so comfortable, my mind is drifting away.
Haru: "Nn, ha! I feel it...shaking me all the way......! Ha, haa, haa......aaah......! Yes, it's so good............!"
Akihito: "I'm......feeling great too. I'm barely staying conscious......!"
Haru: "Aha♪ I'm honored......nn! Uu......! Haaaaaaaa......"
Haru: "But be sure to warn me when you're about to cum, or Onee-san will get mad......"
A flattering smile.
Her youthful and lewd flesh bounces on top of me. The rhythmic jumps take me and Haru higher each time.
Haru: "It would be...kinda bad if you came inside...after all......ha, nn......!"
Haru: "Or do you......want a child......Akihito? Aannn......!"
Akihito: "That really would...be bad......!"
Right now I just want the pleasure of being connected.
Haru: "Glad to hear it. I'm not......into that either. Nn! Nnn! Ah, ah......ah......I-I might......be about to......ha, aaa, nnuu......ah......!"
As Haru's pleasure rises, her insides writhe in more complex patterns, wrapping around me.
Haru: "Ah, ah, ah......! Akihito......a little to...the right......y-yes, th-there, there! Ah, yes! Y-yes! Ahaaa......!"
I feel like I'm being licked by hundreds of tongues.
Her folds don't just rub against me, but move in waves, dragging me deeper inside, as if trying to wring all the seeds of life out of me.
Haru: "Haa......! J-just a bit more! Ah! Uu, nn! Yes, Akihito, there, there! Ah, haa! I-I'm about...to...yes......ah......!"
Akihito: "Uua......but, I can't last much longer......!"
Haru: "Eh? Eeeeeh......? You can't...hold it in a bit more......? Nha! Ah......nnn......!"
I feel really sorry, but I really am at my limit.
Akihito: "N-no...y-you feel too good...O-Haru-san......!"
Haru: "Ah! Ha! ......ah......! Uu............"
Akihito: "Uua......!"
My thing starts twitching, but Haru grabs it at the last moment.
It feels like it's about to explode, but somehow she's pushing on just the right spot to stop it.
Akihito: "Uu...wait...that...really............!"
Haru: "Hold it in, hold it in♪ Be a man, now."
Akihito: "I can't hold it in......because I'm a man......! Uu, uuu......"
Haru: "Just a little more, just a little more, I'm almost done. There, I'm finished......release!"
The urge to climax has been blocked by Haru's fingers several times already, but now it escapes me, leaving a painful lingering sensation.
Akihito: "Haa! Haa! Haa......! That...was just mean......"
Haru: "Don't be mad, don't be mad. I'm still going to give you plenty of free service."
Th-there's more than just this!?My future is bright.
Haru: "You just gulped, didn't you? You're curious, aren't you? Onee-san's almost done so hold it in just a bit longer."
Akihito: "But......I really can't......!"
Haru: "You'll get to cum in these boobs afterwards."
Haru: "Glad you're so excited. Here we go."
She changes position. I stick straight up, inviting her overpowering breasts.
Akihito: "Are you sure......?"
This is such a paradise.
Haru: "Huh? Weren't you waiting for this? We can stop if you don't want to."
Akihito: "Please do it!!"
Haru: "......okay, here goes, master......"
A sweet, tempting voice. Her cleavage looks nearly a meter deep as it surrounds my thing.
I'm crushed by a completely different kind of pressure. I swallow my saliva and enjoy it.
Akihito: "Uha......uu!"
Haru: "............uuu......nn, nnu............!"
Her flesh moves up and down around me.
Akihito: "Uwa, th-this is...amazing......!!"
It's not sucking me in the way her insides did, but the visual effect is incredible.
My thing slowly pokes out before going back inside.
Haru: "Haa......! Ah......uuu............you're twitching......in my chest......Akihito, you're so thick......ah! Nnn!"
Haru: "Haaa......! Ah, it's so cute......ah! Uhuhu......you like my chest too......you are so good, Akihito......! Uha, ah............"
A sweet voice. Does it feel that good for her too? The maid's whole body is sensitive.
Akihito: "Uuu......I won't last long......!"
Flesh presses against me from both sides. My whole thing is covered by her breasts.
She sticks out her tongue and tickles my tip.
Haru: "Aha......♪ Akihito, how is it......? Do you like Onee-san's boobs......?"
Akihito: "They're......great......!"
Haru: "Haa, glad you liked it......Ah, ah......haa......! Ah......"
Haru: "Akihito......do you like it here? Or maybe over here? Ahahaha, nn! Hu, ah, haaaaa......!"
She smiles, her mouth dripping and her tongue sticking out. She licks my swollen tip, stimulating the tightest part.
Akihito: "Uu, ha......!"
I can't even breathe.
Haru: "Aannn! Akihito, you're getting even bigger......!"
The pervy maid is using her boobs and tongue on me.
It'd be bizarre if I wasn't reacting to this. My hips start moving before I can think.
Akihito: "O-Haru-san......!"
Haru: "Ahaaaa......♪ J-just call me Haru, for now......! Akihito......nn! Hua, ah, aan, I like it when you move......!"
Akihito: "Haru......! Haru......!!"
I call her just Haru like she asked, and let my hips move as they want.
Her chest pressures me from both sides.
There's no way I can hold this in.
Haru: "Nnha! Ah! ......ah......! Yes, more, keep going, more of that, Akihito......ah, ah......haaaa......nha......y-yeees......!"
I feel like I'm making up for having to hold it in before.
The saliva dripping from her tongue falls into her cleavage and moistens my thing.
It slides better now, increasing the pleasure.
Haru: "Haaaa......! O-Haru-san's feeling it too......! Yes, Akihito......aan! It's good......it's getting......*lick*......really good......!"
Akihito: "I'll try...a litle longer, but......I can't――!"
Haru rubs me hard with her boobs.
They make perverse noises.
Haru: "Haa! Yes......! Akihito, cum! Ah! Cum all over my chest, ah......nhaa......nn......!"
Haru: "Haa! Haa......! I'm also...about to......ah! J-just a little...more......nnu, ha, ah......!"
I'd really like to last a bit longer like she wants, but there's just no way I can manage that.
Akihito: "Uua......!"
Haru: "Hauu......!!"
The moment I relax, it breaks through my defenses.
Akihito: "Auu......!"
Haru: "Auun!"
Thick semen comes out from between her breasts.
My lust stains the maid's chest and face.
Akihito: "This is...ah......!!"
I can't describe the sensation as I continue convulsing and ejaculating――
Akihito: "Uwa!"
Haru continues moving her chest up and down.
Haru: "Keep going, don't stop......ah, it's still......cumming! Ah, O-Haru-san's feeling it too, this is good......look like you're enjoying it......!"
Akihito: "Uga......uu......a......!"
Her breasts leap up and down with saliva and semen for lubricant.
The pleasure doesn't end even when the last drop comes out.
Akihito: "Uu, ah――――――"
I feel like my whole body is turning white, not just the inside of my head.
My thing is squeezed even stronger, bringing out even more semen that shouldn't even be there.
On that drop......
Haru: "Cum............!!!!!"
Akihito: "――――――――――"
My vision goes white.
Haru: "Haaaaaa......that was good......♪"
Haru: "Ah......nn, recovered already......? So young......"
Haru: "Huhuhu......wanna do it again......? Or maybe......"
Haru: "Ah, I know, let's get in the bath together."
Haru: "Then we can do it again while we're in there......uhuhu."
====================HK_28　瑞和邸の惨劇.json====================
―――I remember the red color.
It's a typical story.
A mother and child went to a convenience store, and had the misfortune of bumping into a robber.
The robber's knife had the misfortune of passing through the other's carotid as he swung it around.
Every time the child's relatives told him how unlucky she was at the funeral, he thought about the meaning of his mother's death.
The killer was a minor high on drugs.
The powerless child prayed for him to receive the death sentence. But of course, that wish had no chance of being granted.
I walk along through the city with no dawn.
I think back to a call from Kagome――
Kagome: "Just come back right away. I'll explain later."
She hung up before I could argue with her. It was too one-sided to call it communication, but I find it strangely calming right now.
The main street late at night. No people or cars remain. A few taxis pass by like ghosts wandering through ruins. The red taillights remind me of fresh blood.
Benio clung to her life.
She remains unconscious and her condition remains serious, but at least she's still alive.
The police questioned me, and I had to explain things to her parents too.
Miya-san was terrified when he ran over. He asked me in a serious tone that doesn't suit him at all.
Miyato: （How is Benio doing?）
Takekawa Benio――His daughter. The world is much smaller than it seems.
Miyato: "......I understand."
Akihito: "Sorry, I was with her the whole time, but......I should've been able to......"
I lower my head several times to apologize. Not only did I let Benio get hurt, but I can't tell him a single thing about what really happened.
Why was Benio stabbed? What on Earth were we doing tonight?
Avatars. Coμs. Connectors. Several secrets I can't possibly explain.
So we agreed to pretend it was just some random lunatic passing by.
Akihito: "But Miya-san, I had no idea you were Benio's......"
Miyato: "I don't talk about it much. After the divorce, Benio went with her mother instead."
Miya-san seems lonely as he shrugs his shoulders.
Akihito: "So......"
Miyato: "You have something you need to do, right? That's fine. I know you. I can always ask more questions tomorrow."
Miyato: "Though I'm keeping the maid here for questioning a little longer."
Akihito: "I'm really sorry about this. I wish there was something I――――"
Right now, I can't do anything but lower my head. I feel guilty just looking at Miya-san, so I try to turn around and leave.
Miyato: "Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "......yes?"
Miyato: "You don't have to worry about visiting Benio. She needs to concentrate on recovering for a while, anyway."
Akihito: "............"
In other words, stay away from my daughter.
Akihito: "All right. I'll tell the others that."
Miyato: "Thank you, Akihito-kun."
This time, I do leave.
Miyato: "Akihito-kun......don't stick your neck into something dangerous. You'll make your parents cry too."
I lower my head once more and leave the hospital.
Far too much happened tonight.
Sorry, I lied.
I apologize to myself ten minutes ago.
The night's not over at all.
Akihito: "......my stomach's empty. I'm so hungry."
Kagome: "Should we go eat some raw fish? I'm fine with rare steak too."
Akihito: "Sorry I was bluffing and trying to be manly. Please don't be mean to me or I'm going to cry again."
Why can this woman breathe so calmly when I'm practically choking on the smell of dead things and rust? I think about that mystery.
Akihito: "This is my room, right?"
Kagome: "Don't say things we already know."
Akihito: "You'd better have a damn good explanation for this."
Kagome: "Don't freak out over something this small. You're so strict, Akihito."
Akihito: "How is this small!?"
The witch ignores my objection and switches to flashback mode.
Kagome: "It happened an hour ago――"
――After the avatar gig ended.
Kagome went back to her room alone before Benio was attacked, so she didn't know about that.
She felt a presence outside the door a few minutes later. The moment she sensed intrusion, Kagome took action.
She moved to Akihito's room via the verandas. If that threw them off, she would've stopped there. But it didn't――
The intruders realized where Kagome went, so they followed her the same way.
Three silhouettes against the moonlight. She hid in a corner they couldn't see from outside the window.
The moment the first one entered from the veranda, Kagome's kukri knife flashed.
Half of an arm rolls along the floor like a radish. The handgun it held didn't fire once.
The first man gives a muffled scream. Kagome throws her kukri knife before it ends.
Outside the window, the second man's face is split open by the bent barbaric blade, and he falls against the railing.
Only the third man makes it inside intact.
Man: "――"
He pulls out a combat knife.
Kagome crouches down through instinct alone.
A muffled explosive noise. Red sparks bloom in the darkness.
A knife-shaped silenced handgun. A bullet embeds itself in the wall.
Kagome tries to kick the man's legs out from under him. He dodges.
He tries to get on top of Kagome, the knife still in his hand.She counters with her knee, crushing his balls.
The man falls over, crashing face-first into the floor. He convulses in agony.
Kagome brushes the dust off her pants as she stands up, then starts cleaning things up.
She removes the handgun on the floor from the still warm arm holding it.
It was all over after two shots.
Akihito: "That's not cleaning up at all!"
Kagome: "Criticizing past events won't change them."
My floor and walls are covered with her terrible taste in art.
Three corpses are lying on the floor like a bad joke. All of their brains have been blown out. The lovely smell of gray matter has been splattered across the room.
I feel like vomiting again.
Kagome: "......why are you backing away? Your childhood friend was just attacked by thugs. She needs a hug."
Akihito: "Stop joking. You'll get blood on me."
She shot two of them and broke the other's skull open with a knife. Kagome's long black hair and white skin are covered in blood, but she's still beautiful.
Kagome: "I see."
She starts undressing.
Akihito: "Wai――"
Kagome: "I'm using your shower."
She tosses her bloodstained clothes onto the floor. I briefly glimpse her white back and butt as she walks off.
Eventually I hear water flowing in the bathroom.
Akihito: "......"
I'm finally getting used to the smell. Once more, I scan the crime scene in my apartment. I need to do something about this.
The option of reporting this to the police never even crosses my mind.
Akihito: "――Ah, is that you? Sorry for calling so late."
After some hesitation I chose an adult I know well. If you're heading down a road filled with snakes, you need a snake to guide you.
Tianwen: "Ah, this is bad."
That's his first reaction. He seems oddly happy.
Tianwen: "Even the Chinese don't do anything this overt anymore. Aaah, this reminds me of the 90's."
Akihito: "I think he's complimenting you, Kagome."
Kagome: "Just so you know......"
Akihito: "I know, you're convinced it was all self-defense."
Kagome: "So long as you understand."
Akihito: "I was being sarcastic, dammit."
Kagome's face is made out of titanium.
Akihito: "So, is there any way to clean up this room?"
Tianwen: "Good question. I think a reformer can do it if we're willing to pay."
Akihito: "Reformer......?"
Tianwen: "One of my special contractors. They'll get rid of any bloodstains or bullet holes, and they know how to keep secrets."
I see. So he knows which snake to call.
Deliveryman: "Hello, tabby cat delivery service."
A happy voice that sounds out of place at 4 AM. I remember an urban legend which says if you receive your newspaper in the dead of night, reading it will shorten your lifespan.
Tianwen: "Yes, thank you so much. The goods are over here."
Deliveryman: "Two cats? All right, sign here please."
Akihito: "Okay."
Kagome: "There's one more on the veranda."
Deliveryman: "Ah, is there? We're having a special offer right now so that one will be free."
Akihito: "Thanks."
I sign the paperwork as if this is just a package from Amazon. The contractor puts the bodies in his delivery cart and heads back.
Tianwen: "They just sent a response. The reformer should be here this afternoon."
Akihito: "Thank you, Owner. I don't know how to thank you."
Tianwen: "I can just take the cost out of your paycheck for a few months."
There's no such thing as a free favor.
Akihito: "You'd better pay half of it."
Kagome: "How dare you demand your cute pretty girl childhood friend pay half of your expenses. The world would be a better place if men like you died in agony."
Well, screw the world then.
Tianwen: "By the way, do you plan on sleeping tonight?"
Akihito: "No way in hell."
Tianwen: "In that case, come to my apartment."
Akihito: "No way in hell!!"
I evade the danger with all the strength I have.
Tianwen: "That's a shame. In that case, I'll be on my way now."
As he walks out, he adjusts his glasses and adds......
Tianwen: "Those handguns aren't the kind you see downtown hoodlums using. These men were far worse. They were professionals."
The automatic handguns remain on the floor. Their muzzles have silencers.
Tianwen: "You're better off not trying to find out who they were. Take care of yourself."
He sounds just a little bit serious at the end.
After the Owner leaves......
Kagome: "Akihito."
The black-haired mass murderer stares intently at me.
Kagome: "You can use my bedroom for a while. You should go to bed for tonight."
She seems to be pitying me.
Akihito: "No......I'll pass."
Kagome: "It's not like you to be so reserved. You won't get many opportunities to monopolize a pretty girl's bed and drown in all manners of delusions."
Kagome: "Just make sure you flush all of the tissues afterward."
Akihito: "I'm not risking my life by sleeping in your bed!"
Kagome: "......"
She looks up at a forty-five degree angle. She's determined to pretend she doesn't know what I mean, just like a cat that knows it did something wrong.
Akihito: "So anyway......what did you do?"
I suddenly feel poison in Kagome's gaze. She doesn't seem to notice she's smiling.
Kagome: "――I went to see Soejima Hisoka."
A name I'd forgotten tonight. A name I'd tried to forget. Once it's thrust back into my mind, it hurts as if it's been festering this whole time.
Kagome: "Not at school, but at her "workplace" tonight."
Akihito: "......why?"
Kagome: "I wanted to know exactly what was going on."
Kagome: "I can't have you wandering around in my presence with a face like a suicide note. Akihito, you're supposed to be shallow, pretentious, frivolous――"
Kagome: "......what I'm saying is, you should just act like your usual self."
Her words are almost violently unfair. But I know she's completely serious.
Avatar gigs――
Nomad――
――――Soejima Hisoka.
A secret I don't know.
Akihito: "And this is what happened?"
Kagome stepped on the tiger's tail. A tiger she can't even see.
Akihito: "One of those bodies looked like a guard I see at the gigs."
Kagome: "Hmph, good catch. The pewter soldiers have turned into real ones."
Akihito: "Who were they?"
Kagome: "I don't know, but I can guess to some degree."
Kagome hands me one of the handguns left on the floor. It feels lighter and more polished than Izawa's Tokarev.
Kagome: "A Glock 17, an Austrian 9mm automatic pistol with a seventeen round magazine. It's used by military and police forces in several countries."
Kagome: "Like Tianwen said, hoodlums and illegal immigrants don't carry guns like this."
Akihito: "Military――?"
An firm, merciless word I wasn't expecting. It shakes my nervous system to the core.
Kagome: "This still feels more like a mob hit than a military assault."
She points to a small hole in the wall. A bullet hole from the knife-shaped handgun.
Akihito: "It just doesn't feel real."
The reality of any phenomenon is measured against one's own experience. 2D moe blobs and international conspiracies are little different if you have no firsthand experience with either.
Kagome: "At its core, international politics is little different from any other human relationship."
Kagome: "Parties are bound by debts and favors and join forces when they share a common interest. There may be countries that feel the need to take action against coμs and avatars."
Akihito: "You've got some imagination......anyway, I'm done. I need to go to bed."
My head hurts like it's being split open. My brain took damage from being connected to our avatar for so long.
Kagome: "I'm not done talking."
Akihito: "Then spit it out already."
Kagome: "Stay away from the gigs, Nomad, and Soejima Hisoka."
Akihito: "No."
Kagome: "I told you in the beginning. She's the same as you."
Kagome: "She's bound by her sins and her past, and in the end she'll destroy herself. One of you will die."
――I see.So that's what it was.
I understand everything Kagome's saying.
And why I......
Why I found myself so drawn to Soejima.
She is――――Me.
Akihito: "My answer is still no."
I turn away from her and walk off.
Kagome: "Where are you going?"
It'd probably sound cool if I answered "Nowhere in particular."
Akihito: "I want to sleep, but not in your room."
Kagome: "I see......then you might never see me again."
She says it so suddenly, yet so gravely.
Akihito: "Maybe."
――I leave Kagome.
I wander aimlessly under the moonlight. Feral cats run by under the streetlights. I hear car tires screeching in the distance.
The gigs. They always seemed suspicious. I thought we were being careful about how we got involved.
And this is the result.
Yoshimori, Benio, Kagome――
Was I wrong to take that first step? Or did I make a wrong choice along the way?
Yoshimori died. Benio was stabbed. Kagome had to kill people.
There must have been a way to prevent all of that. If I screwed up, then that's my responsibility. Mizuwa Akihito's.
Misfortune has no problem with barging the moment you let your guard down. Even if you never let your guard down, bad luck will strike someday.
I wanted to be alone so I'd never have the pain of losing something.
And yet, we're not allowed to live or die alone.
Bad things pile up. Like nightmares. Like malice.
Even the slightest wish, honesty, peace, or hard work gets crushed into the ground without any hope of salvation.
But so what―――?
The spell evaporates. The magic has lost its power, and has fallen down to mere words.
Wasted effort. It's hard to walk. I'm so incredibly minuscule.
I can't keep up with the world. I'm always too late.
I was this time. I was back then. I always am. Nothing ever changes that.
Kagome: （Stay away from the gigs.）
Akihito: "――――――"
The reason I rejected Kagome.
Not yet.But so what――?I remembered the reason I need to chant that spell.
I open my cell phone with one hand. I've called this number before.
And yet......
Every ring makes me feel even more cornered.
Hisoka: "――――Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Were you asleep?"
Hisoka: "No."
Akihito: "I see. I can't sleep either."
A conversation with little meaning. Just a confirmation of each other's existence.
But I wanted this conversation to go on forever.
Akihito: "I want to see you. Now."
Something pushes me forward. Not just my feelings.
Silence. All I hear beyond the night is faint breathing.
Hisoka: "――――No."
Just one word makes me feel like I've been struck by lightning.
Hisoka: "The night smells like blood, no matter where I go."
Hisoka: "This is no place for us to meet."
I feel like the darkness separating us has grown thicker.
Hisoka: "Monday, at school. I'll go this week."
――Nomad didn't fight that night.
Behind the buildings cutting sharply into the sky, the eastern sky begins to turn white.
The metal clacking of the first train of the day. The city awakes from its temporary death.
The night of bloody festivals is coming to an end.
====================HK_29　学園テロル.json====================
Akihito: "Mmmmm......I can't eat any more......"
My mind drifts slowly. A woman's flesh. Skin. Membranes. Body fluids. My pickled brain slowly awakens.
Akihito: "......"
My breathing is physically obstructed.
Heavy and soft. An overpowering quantity of flesh is asphyxiating me at this very moment.
Akihito: "Buhaaa!"
I hear a popping noise as I break out.
A literally fatal 97-centimeter bust I know all too well. 
Haru: "Mmmmm......what? You want to go again......?"
Haru's weak voice makes me remember everything.
Yesterday, Haru and I snuck into a love hotel, running away from what happened――
It's been a full twenty-four hours since then. We slept, got up, and slept again. I had sex with Haru several times.
Akihito: "......I have...to go to school......"
I don't even remember when I went to bed. I feel like almost nothing came out the last time we did it. I need to go back home and get into my uniform.
Haru: "Eeeh? You're going? ......why not just cut?"
Akihito: "No......I have to go today......"
A promise――
Beyond the murky mists of pleasure, a thorn I can't remove aches in my side.
――I still couldn't forget about it.
Haru: "I see......then I'd better get up too......
ah, oww!"
Haru lets out a small scream. Red drops fall to the sheets.
Akihito: "Oh......sorry."
Haru: "It's fine......this is the first time I've done it until it started rubbing off. First time for everything."
Akihito: "Any idea how many times it was......?"
Haru: "Mmmm......I know I ran out of fingers to count on......"
Akihito: "Aaah......I'll probably never break that record......"
Haru: "I doubt I will either."
The room is filled with a unique sell. Leftovers and packaging for pizza and sushi, mixed with our various fluids.
Akihito: "It was very good though......"
Haru: "Yes, it was."
Akihito: "It's so bright today......"
There's nothing more shallow, pathetic, and lonely than the business district in the morning. It matches my mood perfectly.
Haru: "Nnnn......"
Haru stretches beneath the faded blue sky.
Akihito: "O-Haru-san."
Haru: "Yeah, no talking about serious stuff, okay?"
She stops me while yawning.
Haru: "I know it's normal to wonder how your partner felt about it, but I don't have those issues."
Akihito: "――"
Haru: "I prefer it that way. It's just easier."
Akihito: "I feel like you're handling this a lot better than me."
Haru: "Well, a lot happened on Saturday. Feeling any calmer now?"
Akihito: "......yeah. Seriously, thank you."
Haru: "You have classes, right? O-Haru-san's gonna visit the hospital then get some sleep."
Akihito: "Yeah, I'll visit her after school. Bye."
I wave goodbye without turning around. I turn right around one corner, then left around the next. I walk under a different sky.
Conclusion:
Women are amazing.
Lunch break under the blue sky. I go to the roof with Soejima.
Kururi: "Hoyaaa!"
We haven't seen this guest in ages. Roof-dweller number one lies on the bench, looking up at a paperback.
Akihito: "Finished your vacation, Senpai?"
Kururi: "You're so rude, Kouhai-kun. You're supposed to say I finished an investigation."
Akihito: "Congratulations on closing the case."
Kururi: "Blatant lies. At least try to sound like you care. Kururi-chan's happy to see you're as heartless as ever, Kouhai."
Hisoka: "It's been a while."
Number two: Soejima.
Akihito: "――"
I choke at our reunion.
Kururi: "......"
Kururi's eyes under her glasses. She avoids making eye contact with Soejima.
Akihito: "Why are you so tense?"
Ah, crap, I said it.
Kururi: "Oh, nothing――It's just been a really long time."
Hisoka: "I kept your spot."
Kururi: "Thank you. The Earth remains at peace. Tomorrow we'll start fighting the invaders together."
A strange, heartwarming conversation between number one and two. A space I can't easily enter.
Kururi: "This is such a nice place to work. The gaudy city, the right amount of noise, risking life and limb. It never gets old."
Akihito: "It's really easy to forget what your job is."
Kururi: "Super-detective. What about it?"
Akihito: "You're sure that's what you're doing all day?"
Kururi: "It's such a sinful job. I have to forget about yesterday and I never know what tomorrow will bring."
Akihito: "This hard-boiled attitude doesn't suit you."
Kururi: "The deeper you dig, the more you learn that you shouldn't have. I knew that'd happen, but now that it has, I feel like writing some poetry."
Akihito: "What is it this time? Looking for someone's cat?"
Kururi: "Something like that."
Her glasses look toward the sky, reflecting the blue.
Hisoka: "Did you find the cat?"
Kururi: "......pretty much."
Soejima sits down next to the bench, and looks up in the same direction as Kururi.
Hisoka: "――――"
Soejima's eyes are dyed blue. She's still waiting for it to come from beyond the sky.
She rests her chin on her wristband. I remember the white scar underneath.
Nomad. The giant has been waiting too. It faces death, as if inviting someone to finally let it die.
The images of that blue giant and the girl in uniform gradually start to overlap.
My chest tightens up. I think about something else.
Kururi: "It turned out to be right under my nose."
Akihito: "Cats are masters of hide and seek."
Hisoka: "They're well-traveled."
Akihito: "Then they reappear the moment they want something from you."
Kururi sucks all the strawberry milk out in one sip. The carton crumples up.
Akihito: "Kururi vacuum explosion."
Kururi: "No indecent-sounding phrases."
Hisoka: "Vacuum."
The word she shouldn't be focusing on.
Kururi: "Now, I have work this afternoon.Good day to the both of you."
Roof-dweller number one throws away her empty carton and leaves.
Akihito: "Ahua......"
Hisoka: "You look tired."
Akihito: "I am tired."
Hisoka: "What were you doing last night?"
Akihito: "Ummm......sports?"
Hisoka: "Which sport?"
Akihito: "Ummm......it involves a man and a woman getting in various formations."
Hisoka: "Can I do it too?"
Akihito: "......yeah, probably."
Hisoka: "Teach me sometime."
Akihito: "Someday."
Her hips look like they'd break if we did it. I feel guilty for some reason.
Akihito: "Should we go back to class?"
Hisoka: "Yeah."
A soft warmth covers my left hand. Soejima holds my hand, then walks away.
Hisoka: "Thank you."
Her tiny figure says that as the wind blows her away.
Hisoka: "For not talking about coμs."
Akihito: "――――"
That's the first time either of us said it.
Akihito: "So you were......a connector."
Hisoka: "I thought you noticed already."
Akihito: "It still feels different to actually hear it."
Hisoka: "I see. But thank you."
Akihito: "......not like I could've brought it up with Senpai there."
There's a time and a place for these things.
Hisoka: "I like you, Mizuwa-kun."
A sudden confession.
Hisoka: "I'd like to stay here with you forever, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Then do that."
I hold her hand. Her slender fingers reply with a comforting strength.
Soejima and I are connected.
We can't escape that. For some reason, instead of feeling happy, I harden my resolve.
Hisoka: "Kiss me. Right here."
The bell already stopped ringing. The roof is deserted. She turns around.
Hisoka: "Is that okay?"
Akihito: "As you wish."
I hold her shoulders. A cold, delicate, bony sensation. Her eyes slowly close, no longer reflecting the blue.
Hisoka: "――"
Soejima's shoes. The heels rise up.
We touch.Softness. Moist breath. I'm intensely aware that she's a girl.
Ten seconds――Or maybe twenty seconds. I'm not sure if that's a short or a long time. Our lips separate.
My battle with drowsiness ends in defeat around 1 PM. I'm out of stamina on top of being sleep-deprived.
English class. A soft foreign voice from the educational cassette tapes. It sounds like a sleep-inducing spell. Rariho~
Hisoka: "Sensei."
A hand rises up one seat ahead of me.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun's sleeping, so please lower the volume for him."
An information leak with exactly zero malice.
Teacher: "Good eye, Soejima. Sorry to wake you, Mizuwa, but......"
Akihito: "Good morning."
Teacher: "Stand in the hallway."
Akihito: "Figures."
I stand up and yawn.
The room erupts in laughter. Soejima's eyes are wide open, failing to process the situation.
Hisoka: "Sorry."
She realizes something and puts her hands together with a face of agony.
Akihito: "It's fine, this should help me wake up anyway."
Hisoka: "Sensei, can I go stand with him?"
Teacher: "I won't ask why. The answer is no."
Hisoka: "I'm not sure I can endure this boring class either."
Teacher: "......stand in the hallway."
Soejima smiles, satisfied. My cheeks loosen up as well.
That's when it happened.
Outside the window, blue light swells up.
The classroom stirs. Soejima and I know what the light means.
Gate light――An avatar is being summoned.
Hisoka: "An avatar."
Soejima's face is frozen with shock. She isn't summoning Nomad. Obviously, I'm not summoning Babylon.
Which means――
Girl A: "Wait......what is that?"
Takahashi: "Could that be......?"
An avatar appears from the light.
―――A Gevaudan.
The windows shatter like crystal.
A thick, red line, as if being drawn on a blackboard.
About half of the blood gushing forth is from beheaded corpses.
Screams.Cries.
The others surge toward the exits. They bunch up and become unable to move. Fish in a barrel.
Steel claws leap through the floor.
Flowers of blood bloom across the ceiling.Someone runs into us. Soejima falls to the floor.
The hound turns toward me.
The faceless head glares at me. In that slow pause, I feel the attacker's bloodlust.
Is this guy――After me?
I'd be lying if I said I have no enemies.
But all I know for sure is that there's a monster here in front of me.
It's a fantasy called an avatar. Its connectors are willing to massacre innocent humans. How could I not call that a monster?
Click. A faint sound of joints moving behind the steel claws. A sound that signals death.
Akihito: "――"
―――The red color. The red color. The red color.
How could they possibly do such a thing in a place like this?How could they kill so many people in the blink of an eye?
I can't forgive them――
I definitely cannot forgive these people.
The people who made their avatar do this―――
I can't stand the fact that they're still breathing.
Black heat swells up. The emotion breaking through my chest takes form.
　　　　　　　　――――――Babylon!!
A second flash rises up before our eyes.
A metallic noise as I deflect the charging hound. The classroom's ceiling and the next story floor crumble down as the pitch-black dragon appears.
The screams accelerate. The normal people descend into panic. They explode into the hallway.
The hound doesn't follow them. It doesn't move as Soejima, myself, and Babylon face it.
As I thought――
The choking ferrous smell reminds me of the tragedy from Saturday night. Back then they were after Kagome because she discovered the secret of the gigs――Nomad's identity.
My heart skips a beat. If this is connected to that attack, then these people are connected to the gigs.
Hisoka: "――"
To Soejima.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun, it's coming."
A cold, sober voice, even when her life is in danger. That brings me to my senses.
The Gevaudan leaps, and I strike back.
It's heavy. Far heavier than when all five of us are here.
The hound's claws slip between Babylon's arms and tear deep into its armor.
I can't keep up with it. The Gevaudan jumps around like lightning. It shoots over Babylon's head and attacks us directly.
Akihito: "――"
Death.
My mind and body freeze.
The heavy ring of steel. The hound is blown away.
An enormous piece of steel towers over my head. Nomad's lance.
Hisoka: "――"
Soejima's looking toward the hound. The giant's body is the same color as the night sky. It makes this area feel even more cramped.
Counterattack, or run?
The hound chooses the latter.It flies out the window with all its speed and vanishes. The connectors probably un-summoned it and ran away.
Akihito: "......you're bleeding."
The red color shoots through my mind. Soejima's left shin. She must have hit a piece of glass when she fell over. It's cleanly cut, and blood is flowing out.
Hisoka: "I'm fine."
Akihito: "You should at least disinfect it."
I tie a handkerchief around it. The cloth sucks up Soejima's blood. I remember the knife that stabbed Benio.
The school's in chaos. People did die in here, so I can't blame them. Afternoon classes will likely be canceled.
Akihito: "Can you walk?"
Hisoka: "I'm fine."
I hold Soejima's arms and help her stand up. We head to the nurse's office with distant screams in our ears.
====================HK_30　密とのH.json====================
I open the office door.
There's no one inside. Hanako-sensei must be elsewhere.
Akihito: "Good thing I've been here so often."
I get out the disinfectant and bandages.
Akihito: "The patient should sit down over there."
I point to a metal chair.
Soejima's slender legs stretch out from her skirt. White skin and a red wound.
Bewitching beauty and a painful injury draw my eyes to her.
Hisoka: "Should we be with everyone else?"
She cares more about the herd's movements than you'd expect.
Akihito: "We'll meet up with them soon. It'll be fine."
I use tweezers to dip a cotton ball in some disinfectant and rub it against her wound.
Hisoka: "......"
Soejima's face darkens.
Akihito: "Did that hurt?"
Hisoka: "Not that."
I look down at the wound. Fresh red. A color hidden from everyday life.
Hisoka: "I didn't want to think about it while I was with you, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "I guess I feel the same way. School seems like our last sanctuary or something."
We were connected to monsters by Girl A. A transparent but eternal prison we can't escape from anywhere on this Earth. But this one place didn't change despite all of that.
Akihito: "My apartment's a mess too, actually."
Hisoka: "What happened?"
A serious gaze.
Akihito: "Kagome went to the last gig, right?"
Hisoka: "――"
Akihito: "Some of the gig's security guards attacked her later that night, so my room was a sea of blood. They couldn't even scratch her, of course."
Hisoka: "So they didn't hurt you, Mizuwa-kun――Thank goodness."
Akihito: "I was visiting one of my friends in the hospital when it happened. I guess that was the silver lining."
I put a bandage on her. She bled a lot, but the actual wound is quite shallow. It probably won't leave a scar.
Hisoka: "She told me to stay away from you, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Kagome? She told me the same thing."
Hisoka: "......Hinaori-san probably likes you too."
Akihito: "She doesn't."
A supersonic denial.
Hisoka: "I can tell."
Akihito: "......"
Hisoka: "But she can't have you."
A raw, moist, high-pitched voice sends shivers down my spine.
Soejima's normally too plant-like to talk like that. I look up to see her looking at me. Her eyes are wet.
Hisoka: "I realized how I felt after Hinaori-san said that. I don't want anyone else to have you, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "So you tried to kill her?"
Hisoka: "――"
Akihito: "I don't want you to hurt her."
Soejima's expression hardens with shock.
Akihito: "Not that I like her or anything......going back to what we said earlier, what she is to me is a lot like what this school is to us."
Akihito: "I just want her to stay the way she always is."
Without realizing it, I end up saying almost exactly the same thing Kagome told me.
Hisoka: "I'm jealous."
Akihito: "Of Kagome? Or me?"
Hisoka: "Both."
Akihito: "......"
Kagome and I are childhood friends.
I'm connected with Benio and the others through the present, but I'm connected to Kagome via the past.
Horizontal chains and vertical chains. They restrain me equally, defining what I am.
Akihito: "Soejima, when were you connected to your coμ?"
Hisoka: "――Five years ago?"
Akihito: "Five?"
Akihito: "I was told the Round Table only started to form two years ago. I've never heard of a coμ from farther back than that."
The Round Table Masters awakened about two years ago. They call themselves the first generation.
If Soejima's words are true, then she's the oldest connector, dating back three years farther than anyone else.
Hisoka: "But I've been in a coma since then. I've only been active the past few months."
Akihito: "And that's why you called yourself "The girl who traveled through time?""
I remember a joke she told on the roof a while back.
Akihito: "But where are the others?"
Hisoka: "There's one other. You've seen him before, Mizuwa-kun."
I remember. The day I saw Soejima's injury, a man came to collect her.
Hisoka: "It's always been just the two of us."
Akihito: "But coμs are always groups of five. That's weird."
There are five people in a coμ. Never six. Never four. Always five.
Hisoka: "When we were connected, there were many deaths around us."
Five years ago.Many deaths.
Akihito: "The bombing......?"
A series of terrorist attacks orchestrated five years ago by some religious cult. Countless people were hurt and killed, and it was all over the news for days.
Hisoka: "There might have been five of us, but death attacked us as we were being connected. He and I were the only survivors."
―――That's Nomad.
A coμ born from the ashes, surrounded by death.
Hisoka: "He was the only one who waited for me all the years I was sleeping."
Hisoka: "My whole family died that day, and my friendships were all reset."
Akihito: "――"
Soejima's confession continues monotonously, but what she's saying is so heavy, yet so hollow.
I finally understand why she said she was jealous.
Soejima lost everything she was connected to five years ago. The terrorist attacks are the only piece of the past that restrains and defines her.
Akihito: "Is that why you fight there?"
――Is that why you killed Yoshimori there?
I swallow those words before they come out.
Hisoka: "Yes."
She nods. The silence of the nurse's office feels more intense.
Many connectors have their lives turned upside down by the joys and worries of being in a coμ.
They were granted a tremendous power with no target to use it on.
People who continue to hide in their worries.People intoxicated by the sense of omnipotence.
But to Soejima, her coμ is the one and only thing left which connects her to another human being. There's no goal, no task, no ideal.
All she wants is a connection to someone else.
Hisoka: "He gave me a place to stay. A place for us to work together as a coμ."
The avatar gigs. A training ground for coμs to prove themselves.
Enormous sums of money are changing hands behind the scenes. There's no end to the rumors about connections to the underworld.
But that's fine. Every business is a lotus――A flower that blooms in mud.
Some fish live in that mud. Ideally, they're just gangsters and mafia.
At least they always act for profit or reputation, no matter how antisocial their methods may be.
But what came out of the avatar gigs――It's something far more inorganic and bizarre.
Kagome: 
（A Glock 17, an Austrian 9mm automatic pistol with seventeen rounds in a clip. Used my military and police forces in several countries.）
Kagome: （This still feels more like a mob hit than a military assault.）
I just don't see Soejima being connected to such things.
Akihito: "He's dangerous."
Hisoka: "Dangerous?"
Akihito: "You shouldn't trust him too much. He's connected to something we don't know about."
Hisoka: "――"
Soejima's lips. A faint smile.
Hisoka: "You're feeling jealous."
Words of denial reach my throat, but I stop them there. Soejima looks happy. Her innocence binds me.
Akihito: "――Maybe."
Hisoka: "Then take me."
Soejima's words thrust into me like a jousting lance. She removes her wristband.
Hisoka: "Ever since I woke up, living here has felt like a mistake to me. Why was I the only survivor――?"
White scars. Her repeated questioning of her existence.
Hisoka: "He knows about wounds that you don't, Mizuwa-kun."
Something writhes in the pit of my stomach.
Hisoka: "He knows a side of me you don't, Mizuwa-kun."
She's tempting me. Persistently. Earnestly.
Hisoka: "So――I want you to know everything, Mizuwa-kun."
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun, I want you to take away everything I have."
I'm sucked in, against all logic.
The white scar tempts me. Everything else vanishes from my mind.
I take her hand, as if to make up for something I've lost.
A white scar. Soejima's past. I press my lips to it.
Hisoka: "......"
Her body tightens up, but I continue anyway.
I kiss it and lick it.
Hisoka: "Nn......!"
It tickles, so she pulls back a little. I move my tongue like a slug.
Hisoka: "Ha......nn......"
She bites her thumb, trying to stop herself from moaning.
Hisoka: "This is......weird......"
Hisoka: "I feel......strange......"
She twists her hips on top of the chair.
The humid air under her skirt gently tickles my nose.
Hisoka: "Ah! ......ah, ah."
A voice more of fear than hesitation.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-ku......n......"
I carefully lick her wounds one by one.
Wounds I don't know about. Soejima's past. I trace all of them.
Hisoka: "Do you......want......me......?"
Akihito: "Yes, I do."
My throat is dry.
Facing Soejima makes me conscious of death. That danger spurs me forward.
Benio and Haru cross my mind and guilt aches in my chest, but even that ache encourages me.
Hisoka: "Nn, nnn......"
Soejima bites her nails. Her fingers turn so white that you can see the blood inside them.
Hisoka: "It's getting...stranger......Mizuwa-kun, knowing that you want me......is......"
Soejima is melting. His cheeks turn pink. Her tense body starts to loosen up.
Akihito: "I want to see more of you, Soejima."
Hisoka: "......you do?"
Akihito: "I do."
Hisoka: "Then......"
She slowly opens up her slender legs.
The inside of her skirt is exposed.
Hisoka: "I want you......to do more......"
I answer her desires, taking apart her uniform at the chest. I lower her skirt as well.
The fabric of her bra covers her chest. I raise it and kiss the skin beneath.
Hisoka: "Nn!"
She bends back. The metal chair creaks.
I run my tongue along her pink nipples, pushing them around.
Hisoka: "Ah! Ha! ......nn! Nn......!"
A small, pained gasp. Her nipples get harder inside my mouth. I suck on them, as if tugging with my lips.
Hisoka: "Auuu......hi!"
She twitches around like a fish. Her fragile body is surprisingly sensitive. Seeing such a quiet girl react like this excites me.
Clean, pale underwear, just like Soejima herself. I reach for what lies inside them.
I suddenly grab her crotch.
Hisoka: "Hia!"
She quivers.
A moist sensation against my fingers. She's already wet.
I pull down the tiny piece of cloth covering her up. I take it off her legs one at a time.
Akihito: "Mmm...just like I imagined it."
Hisoka: "Don't......"
Akihito: "That was a compliment."
A little bit of hair, and a pink translucent line leading to her womb.
Hisoka: "I don't think I like being looked at......"
Akihito: "In that case......"
I look with my hands instead of my eyes.
Hisoka: "Ahi!"
Soejima quivers.
I rub around her crotch.
Akihito: "Wow......you're so wet."
Soft, weak membranes. I touch something precious hidden inside her.
Hisoka: "Ah! Uu......hu, huu......!"
It makes watery sounds. Drops slide down her white thighs and stain her socks.
Akihito: "I'm going to go in now......"
It's such a small hole to put something inside. Another of Soejima's wounds. I push a finger inside.
Hisoka: "Nn......o-oww......!"
It's tightly closed. Too tight to let my finger in.
Akihito: "This your first time?"
Hisoka: "Yes......"
She nods slightly.
I'm honestly surprised.
Akihito: "You sure this is okay?"
Hisoka: "Yes......"
She nods slightly.
That gives us the courage to continue.
I change targets, and dig out the protrusion under some soft skin.
Hisoka: "Hua!"
I rub it with the side of my finger, and it gets hard in no time. I gently pinch it, and her body jumps as if I flipped a switch.
Hisoka: "No......don't...push on it......nn, nn!"
Soejima's body shakes. I speed up my fingers regardless.
An unusual amount of fluid flows down.
Akihito: "You're liking this."
Hisoka: "Yes......a lot......nn, nn!"
Her hesitant labia are slowly starting to open up.
More watery sounds. The fluids don't stop.
Hisoka: "Ah! ......that's...good......!"
My fingers synchronize with Soejima's shaking.
I pinch her protrusion and rub it around. My fingers are starting to turn puffy.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun......you're good......"
Akihito: "You're just sensitive, Soejima."
I continue toying with her clitoris.
A garden no one's ever touched. I pry it open.
Hisoka: "Aau! Nn! Nnn......!"
The metal chair bumps around. I bring my body closer so it doesn't fall over.
Akihito: "Nnmu......"
Hisoka: "Hii!"
I lick her nipples again. All of her breasts.
I persistently lick Soejima's flesh, as if to cover all of it in my saliva.
Hisoka: "Ah! ......ah, aaa......!"
Her nipples stand straight up. I lick all around them.
Hisoka: "Ah! Aaah! ......I love you......!"
She clings to me. Slender, desperate arms. I hold her back.
Hisoka: "I love you......"
We hold each other.
Her body is cold and fragile, but it's ready for us to connect.
Akihito: "I want you."
Hisoka: "......you can have me."
The smells of medicine have seeped into this bed. Soejima lies down on the white sheets.
She looks up at me, and I'm drawn to her. My lips touch hers.
Hisoka: "Nn......"
Her sticky breath is hotter than it was on the roof. I slide my tongue along her soft lips and slip inside.
Hisoka: "Ah......"
Hesitant breath. I push my tongue inside and feel her moist gums.
Hisoka: "Nn......*kiss*......*kiss!*"
Soejima responds. I accept her tongue and twist around it. A sweet but imperfect fragrance, like an overripe fruit.
Our skin is hot where it touches. Soejima's body felt inorganic at times, but right now it's full of life and quivering with joy.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun...your..."
Saliva travels between our mouths.
Akihito: "It's mixing with yours, Soejima."
Hisoka: "Nn......what should...I do?"
Akihito: "Drink it."
Hisoka: "Eh?"
Her surprised expression is strangely cute.
Akihito: "You don't want to?"
She shakes her head and closes her eyes.
Hisoka: "Nnmu......"
Saliva flows into Soejima's mouth.
Her white throat moves as she swallows.
Hisoka: "Nnuuu......*gulp*......nn, nnu......"
She's drinking my saliva. It's sliding down Soejima's throat and into her body.
Hisoka: "Pua......"
She opens her eyes and looks at me.
Hisoka: "......I drank it."
She smiles, embarrassed.
I kiss her again.
Hisoka: "You're so......hard."
I'm pressing it directly against her pelvis.
Akihito: "I told you that I wanted you."
I spent all last night doing it with Haru. Even I'm not sure where this urge is coming from.
But my desire for Soejima's cold, womanly body is more than just lust.
A long time ago, when we were young, the world overpowered us with the unfair reality of death.
An absolute, innocent faith in life.
We lost it forever in that moment.
We're both trying to make up for that loss.I'm trying to hurt the world as revenge.She's trying to hurt herself to finish what the world started.
Yin and yang split apart by a cold blade. That's what we are. That's why we yearn for each other.
Soejima's body lies down on the sheets, relaxing, waiting for me. Her eyes draw me in, and I cover her.
I release my swollen member.
Hisoka: "......"
Soejima's eyes are fixated on my tip.
Hisoka: "Amazing......it's getting bigger......like it's alive."
Seeing her look at it with calm eyes makes me even more excited for some reason. My sensitive part can practically feel her gaze.
I touch her with it.
Hisoka: "......"
Soejima entrusts me with her body. I push into her wet, soft membranes.
Hisoka: "Nn......"
Soejima shrinks up at the sensation of something new touching her there.
Akihito: "Okay......I'll put it in now."
She's tightly closed, but I slowly push her open. That small hole is forcibly expanded.
Hisoka: "Nn......nn, nnn......!"
Groaning escapes her closed lips. Pain. Knowing I'm hurting her makes me feel guilty, yet also excited.
I go in. Deeper. Deeper.
Hisoka: "Ah......aaaaa......! Mizuwa-ku......n......!"
She clings to me. Her nails dig into my shoulder.
Pain. A joy I'm sharing with her.
My tip is blocked from advancing by Soejima's final barrier.
With a resolve close to bloodlust, I push it farther inside.
Hisoka: "Aa............uu!"
I break through it.
A place no one's ever entered before. My erect tip fills her insides thoroughly.
It wouldn't even let one finger in before, but my girth is expanding it.
Hisoka: "Uuuuuuu............! It......hurts......"
Her white throat quivers from the pain of penetration.
That's the price of my pleasure. It feels so good my hips are practically melting. A thoroughly unfair contrast.
People often refer to this as "becoming one."
But one of us feels pleasure while the other feels pain. We're in completely opposite positions.
No matter how deeply we're connected, we can never be one. That's how I feel as I thrust into Soejima.
Hisoka: "Nn! Nn! Nn......!"
The bed creaks. I ravage Soejima's fragile body.
Hisoka: "Haa......haa......haa......"
She holds me from below. Her breath tickles my ear. The girly smell envelops me.
I dig deep into Soejima.
Hisoka: "Nn......nn, nn......! It's coming......in......!"
I feel her membranes sticking to me. Wet and hot. They wrap tightly around me and squeeze.
Soejima's reactions are awkward, but her insides are mechanisms guiding me ever closer to ejaculation.
Akihito: "Wow......you're really squeezing me......"
There's so much pleasure it's hard to breathe. Soejima's holding me fast. That feeling excites me further.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun, you're......hard......and hot......and twitching......!"
Intermittent gasps tickle my ears.
I can't hear anything besides Soejima's gasps and the bed's creaks. The nurse's office is nice and quiet.
Akihito: "I'm surprised too......after last night......"
Hisoka: "What about last night?"
Crap. Her mouth stays shut, but her gaze is suddenly colder.
Akihito: "Ummm......"
Hisoka: "Were you with another girl......?"
Akihito: "It's your fault, Soejima."
Hisoka: "Eh......?"
Akihito: "You didn't meet me the night of the gig."
Hisoka: "......my...fault?"
Akihito: "Maybe?"
Hisoka: "Then......do more...to me......"
Akihito: "......"
Hisoka: "Much more......than you did with her......"
She clings to me. I bury my face in her soft hair.
I move my hips as Soejima's smell envelops me.
Hisoka: "Nn! Nn! ......nnu!"
The smell of disinfectant, and the smell of a girl. The faint smell of blood joins them.
It's getting even harder to breathe.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun...you're......filling me......!"
Her insides are hot and tight. I move as the pain and breathing difficulties rush me.
As if it'll end the moment I stop. I continue doing something I know will have to end eventually.
Akihito: "Does it hurt......?"
Hisoka: "Yes......but... I'm happy......"
An overwhelmed voice. As I listen to it, my limit approaches. I subconsciously increase my speed.
Hisoka: "Aaa......! Nn......nnu!"
The bed creaks. Soejima's body creaks. The ecstasy wipes out any hope of trying to go easy on her.
I desperately thrust my hips forward.
Akihito: "Uu......I can't...stop......!"
My hips move on their own. They thrust wherever they can, searching for an angle to maximize the pleasure. The bed's creaks and Soejima's gasps sync up.
Hisoka: "Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!"
Her open legs are slender and adorable. I'm pushing inside them, taking away her first time. I feel guilty, as if I'm doing something terrible.
But even that emotion is just another spice for the excitement.
My movement accelerates.
Hisoka: "It's......good......"
Akihito: "Aaah......I can't hold it in anymore......"
My chest feels tight and itchy.
I can't relax, but it feels so good I could melt. That mix of sensations holds down what's naturally coming up from inside me.
Hisoka: "You don't have to......I'm feeling good already......"
Her voice is melting too. My instincts react.
Akihito: "If you say that......I really will......"
The pleasure assaults me. Emotions rise up faster than my brain can process them.
I just desperately thrust my hips as if to keep them all down. Soejima's insides answer me with a definite sensation.
Hisoka: "Ah, ah......y-yeees......!"
She clings to me and wrings out pained gasps.
That feeble voice spurs me on. I reach my limit.
Akihito: "Uu......I can't......"
I convulse.
I ejaculate inside her.
Deep inside her hot, tight wound. Everything I have left comes out.
Hisoka: "Haaaaa――Nn! Nnn......it's so hot......!"
We hold each other tight as I cum over and over.
Hisoka: "Han......! Not yet......"
I finish.
I'm amazed I still had this much left.
I continue convulsing even after I'm out of semen.
Hisoka: "Nn! ......nn, keep...cumming......"
Akihito: "That's all of it......"
Hisoka: "Nnnnn......!"
She tightens around me deep inside.
Akihito: "Uu......i-if you squeeze that hard......"
She manages to wring out the last few drops.
Hisoka: "Put it all into me......"
Akihito: "Yes, I did......all of it......"
Hisoka: "Do you think...I'll have a child? ......Mizuwa-kun's......baby......?"
Akihito: "Ah......oh right, sorry for doing that without asking."
Hisoka: "It's fine......I want......to have one......"
Akihito: "Wouldn't that be really bad......?"
Hisoka: "Huhu......"
Akihito: "You were cute."
Hisoka: "I'm happy......"
We continue holding each other until our excitement finally fades completely.
We leave the nurse's office. The school is in chaos and there are police sirens outside.
After roll call, we're all told to go home. They're trying to get all of the students away from the school.
Soejima and I walk down the hill under the evening sun. We hold hands, swinging them back and forth as we walk.
Akihito: "What should we do now?"
Hisoka: "I want to try the purgatory ramen I had last week with mapo tofu on top."
Akihito: "I meant about the coμ situation."
Hisoka: "Oh, that......"
She was pretending she didn't know.
Akihito: "......I think I should leave the gigs."
After Yoshimori and those military men, I want to leave all of that behind.
Is that okay? Is that really for the best?
Something I don't understand oozes out and makes me feel nauseous. It might be guilt or anxiety.
But more importantly......
There's a possibility I'll have to fight Nomad if I continue going to the gigs.
――I can't stand the thought of that.
Izawa will obviously be against it, but Haru will probably side with me, considering what happened to Benio. I'm pretty sure I can outnumber him.
Hisoka: "I'd like it if you did."
Akihito: "I'm sure you have your reasons, but――"
Everyone has their principles, whether they're fortunate or not.
They're relative things, so it's not easy to take on another's burden.
Akihito: "I still want you to stop too, Soejima."
The gigs are dangerous. There are gears turning behind the festival stage.
Soejima is a drifter who lost her past. If the gigs are her only connection, then I can understand why she fights there, even though I can't accept it.
But......
―――Nomad kills.
The blood-soaked master of the coμs' festival that sacrifices another coμ as part of the celebration.
Why does she kill?
My scattered thoughts keep coming back to that. The pain in my chest won't allow me to run away from it.
Why does she kill?
That's not Soejima's will. Does the other connector want to kill?
Hisoka: "Because we slept together?"
Akihito: "If you want a simple reason, that works."
Hisoka: "You're not honest with yourself."
Akihito: "A lot of people say I'm shifty."
Hisoka: "But I can't."
Soejima's conclusion.
Hisoka: "I can't drop out. He's involved too."
Akihito: "We don't know what he's after, so I can't trust him with you."
Hisoka: "And I can't leave after all of this either."
Hisoka: "I've killed too many people."
Her confession makes me dizzy. Yoshimori Minato's face crosses my mind.
The reality I was avoiding is thrust upon me and I'm crushed by its weight."It doesn't matter"――I'm neither brave nor foolish enough to tell myself that.
Hisoka: "So give up."
Soejima's voice. Testing. Praying.
Akihito: "......I'm not giving up. I'm thinking."
That's right, think. Why Nomad? Why did Soejima kill so many there?
When I turn toward her......
Akihito: "――"
I see a familiar car at the bottom of the hill. A dark green Jaguar. The powered window of the driver's seat slowly opens.
Hisoka: "......"
Soejima stops. She grips my hand tighter. That sensation gives me courage.
Man: "Hisoka, head home by yourself――I want to talk to Mizuwa-kun."
The man looks at me from the driver's seat. His face looks cold like porcelain, but his lips are still bright red, as if he uses lipstick.
Something heavy builds up in the pit of my stomach. It might be jealousy.
Hisoka: "Okay. See you."
Her fingers grip my hand. She lets go slowly, but nonetheless suddenly. That sliver of courage blows away in the wind like a candle flame.
Man: "Pleased to meet you, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Pleased to meet you――Noiz."
I focus on keeping my composure and step into the open car door.
====================HK_31-32　コミュネット07.json====================
278 ：School Terrorist：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 00:24:49
Then after two or three people were gibbed the black dragon popped out. It didn't make a damn bit of sense.
279 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 00:25:28The dragon, not Nomad?
280 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 00:26:19
>>278That is such a bad combo
281 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 00:27:02
That tripfag is still around...?Reported
282 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 00:27:58
Leave it alone. He just wants attention. His story's already falling apart.
283 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 00:29:40Does he think that name sounds cool or something?
284 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 00:35:12
The thread's totally dead. Did he run away?
285 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 00:39:43
I'm going to beddBye! ﾉｼ
286 ：School Terrorist：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 01:01:51
Sorry, sorry, I was trying to upload a picture. Anyway, here's Nomad: http://www.akatsukiworks.com/product/com/chara_hisoka.html I'll attack her again once I know her name and class though~
287 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 01:15:24
SHE IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTE
288 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 01:16:12Nomad-tan is mai waifu
289 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Tues) 00:18:48
Wait, didn't you just go to bed? lolol
====================HK_31　ＮＯＩＺとの邂逅.json====================
The Takakura Suspension Bridge――
On the lit up bridge, we look down at the Naruko River in the bluish black night. The man and I walk side by side without eye contact.
Noiz: "I see you've made Hisoka a woman. It was written all over her face."
Akihito: "I was surprised, to be honest."
Noiz: "That she was a virgin?"
Akihito: "Yeah. I figured you two would've done it ages ago."
Noiz: "I'm too young to be her father, but I'm definitely too old to be her lover. I'm her legal guardian too."
Akihito: "It could've been a Hikaru Genji plan. Or are you the platonic type?"
Noiz's cheeks loosen.
Noiz: "I like people who know how to enjoy a conversation."
Akihito: "Why thank you."
Noiz: "I'm impotent. I got injured in a little incident five years ago."
Akihito: "Soejima told me about it. You two met Girl A during a terrorist attack――Right?"
Five years ago, something happened in this city.
Noiz: "Seven days and seven nights of carnage. On the third day――"
Noiz: "I first met Girl A――She was beautiful. Adorable."
Akihito: "Adorable......?"
As far as I know, this is the oldest Girl A sighting.
The Girl A I saw wasn't really "adorable," but she may have looked younger five years ago.
Akihito: "............"
I feel a little like smiling.
Girl A.The illusory girl grows up just like any normal human being.
Without any evidence whatsoever, I'd assumed she maintained that same appearance for all eternity.
Noiz: "Anyway, it was――Destructive. Just an incredibly overpowering destructive force."
He blows smoke into the night sky.
Behind that smoke, he sees the violence that ravaged this city five years ago.
Noiz: "Up until then, I was like a Casanova."
An infamous name for someone whose flashy life was said to involve a thousand women.
Noiz: "But ever since then――My life was turned upside-down."
Akihito: "Did you get a divine revelation or something?"
Noiz: "I saw far too many meaningless deaths. I felt like I saw the truth there."
Akihito: "The truth?"
Noiz: "It made me wonder if this world was a mechanical system, with the harmony of an orchestra."
Noiz: "And if humans were just cogs in that system."
Akihito: "That's pretty extreme."
Noiz: "Thinking like that was the only way I could accept all those deaths."
Noiz: "You know the mountain of rubble on the hill, right? That's the place."
Akihito: "Up there?"
I look over there, as if he pointed it out. A hill near the city that no longer produces a single light.
Noiz: "On the third day, two of the apartment buildings there collapsed in an instant."
Noiz: "Vivid. Merciless. Unfair. Meaningless. Shortly before the morning commute started――A huge number of people died. Only two survived."
This man and Soejima.
Noiz: "To me, it really was a revelation."
Noiz: "Humans with hearts and souls shouldn't be erased so easily. It doesn't make any sense unless they're interchangeable parts in some great system."
Noiz: "So for five years, I've been hiding in society, trying to become a gear."
Akihito: "And your avatar?"
Noiz: "Precisely. They obstruct my enlightenment. Avatars are the contradictions of the world. White noise that must not be allowed in an otherwise perfect orchestra."
Noiz: "I've racked my brains wondering why they exist, and I never did manage to become the gear I wanted to be."
Noiz: "Then one day, I found some solid information about what happened."
It wasn't terrorism――That's what Soejima said.
Noiz: "That's when my desire for revenge blossomed. Revenge against this city... and this society."
The man's hair flutters in the strong wind passing over the river.
Noiz: "I can't let the memories of those deaths be eroded. I can't allow the harbinger of that destruction to be covered up."
Noiz: "I believe it's my duty to threaten our deceitful daily lives by sprinkling around the white noise we call avatars."
Akihito: "What are you after?"
Noiz: "――――Chaos."
Noiz smiles. I see insanity in his eyes.
He has the same unwavering objective and will to trample over others, but he's not like Gasai.
Noiz: "To do that I need power. I need to expand the influence of the gigs, with Nomad as their symbol."
Akihito: "Sorry, but could you put on all those festivals by yourself?"
Noiz: "Are you asking on behalf of the woman you love, Romeo?"
Akihito: "You should know how hard it is to control an avatar with only two people......that must've screwed up your head somewhat."
Steel monsters that move when wills are loaded into them. Being connected to avatars takes a toll on one's brain, whether we like it or not.
If it was a normal avatar――Of if they had all five people――
But Soejima's coμ isn't like that.
Nomad has leveled up repeatedly. Each victory makes it stronger, but also harder to control. Soejima is walking into destruction.
Noiz: "And if I said no――"
He continues gazing at the river.
Noiz: "Would you kill me with what you have in that bookbag?"
I feel cold sweat on my back.
The Glock 17 that was left in my room. I had no idea how to dispose of it, so for the time being I just stuffed it in my bag.
Noiz: "Don't forget that I'm the one supporting her, both financially and mentally."
That's true. Soejima's life depends entirely on this man. What he's saying is true.
――But there's one other thing.
Akihito: "Maybe you've been her step-dad long enough."
Noiz: "I see. You've already done it too. You won't hesitate."
Noiz and I stare at each other for the first time.
I can't back down. I need to win Soejima from this man.
My bag is heavy. I'm the one in control here.
But that weight also binds me.
If I pull the trigger, a bullet will shoot out and take away a man's life. It carries all the weight of his past and future.
Akihito: "――――――"
Suddenly, my phone rings. The tension evaporates.
Noiz: "――Go ahead."
Noiz smiles.
Noiz: "Take the call. Bye for now. It was fun talking to you, Mizuwa-kun."
He turns around with no fear or hesitation and walks off into the night wind.
I pick up the phone, feeling as though I lost somehow. Haru's name is on the illuminated LCD screen.
Haru called to tell me that Benio regained consciousness. None of her organs were damaged, so it wasn't a serious injury. That's one weight off my chest.
Akihito: "......did Miya-san tell you she'd woken up?"
I meet up with Haru in the south side of the pleasure district.
Haru: "Nope. The scary father wouldn't let O-Haru-san anywhere near her."
Haru: "That other girl told me......Ayaya-chan, I think? The kouhai who visited you in the hospital, Akihito."
Akihito: "I see......"
So Ayaya started hanging out with Benio at some point. People form lots of connections when you aren't looking.
Haru: "So where are you staying tonight? Your room's still being remodeled, right?"
Akihito: "Can I stay with you?"
Haru: "Oh my, O-Haru-san really is just a convenient mistress."
Akihito: "That is absolutely not my intention."
Haru: "It's fine~ I just have to tweak my schedule."
Akihito: "Schedule?"
Haru: "Ummm, today is Monday......"
She checks her shift.
Haru: "I'm meeting my professor that day."
Akihito: "You make it sound like a dentist appointment."
Haru: "I'll just tell him my brother needed to stay with me overnight."
Akihito: "I'm your brother?"
Haru: "Men are creatures of reputation. Lies are a convenient tool."
Akihito: "True, but my puberty would've been rough if you were my sister."
I don't have the courage to ask how many people she's involved with.
Haru: "But why not stay in Hinaori-san's room? That's what I assumed you'd do."
Akihito: "A lot happened, and I don't really want to see her right now."
Haru: "Hmmmm."
She seems disinterested as always.
I look across a street corner that's starting to get lively as the night falls. A drugstore with a yellow sign.
Haru: "Wanna buy something? They have rubbers and other stuff."
Akihito: "Not today."
Haru: "Had enough?"
Her 97 centimeters assert their existence.
Akihito: "Not that."
Thinking about it makes my heart close up. I do want to clear up this gloom like I did on Sunday.
But......
I've glimpsed how Soejima feels about living right now. I can't bear it. I don't think I can carry the burden myself or share part of it with her.
But――
Haru: "......I wonder if Beniocchi will recover."
My thoughts are cut off. Haru mutters as we swim through the neon sea.
Akihito: "I don't know. That's up to Benio――"
But――
Akihito: "But......we're connected."
====================HK_32　加速する状況.json====================
The next day. We hear about the latest events through Haru, who heard them from Mayuki.
Online――Not only coμ-related sites, but also message boards that normal people visit.
A picture of Soejima's face was leaked along with the information that she's Nomad's connector.
We don't know the source. Rumor has it the guy who attacked the school yesterday was responsible.
It didn't take long for people to identify our school from the uniform she was wearing in the picture.
――I wasn't the target.
That realization frustrates and irritates me.
The school is closed today and tomorrow.
I've tried calling Soejima, but she hasn't picked up once.
A severing of ties spawns negative thoughts. Tools that should keep us connected now become poison to increase our anxiety and loneliness.
I wander around anxiously.
The statue in the park makes me remember when I walked through here with Soejima.
Statues built to show respect to those who died in the incident five years ago.
One statue was built for each of the seven days.
My phone rings.
The LCD screen shows an unfamiliar number. I push aside a black premonition and press the call button.
Touri: "Hey."
The death goddess' voice.
Akihito: "......hey."
Touri: "Don't sound so irritated."
Akihito: "Oh no, I'm not irritated in the slightest."
Touri: "I actually want to help you, but......"
Akihito: "You might not be able to depending on what we do, right?"
Touri: "You're no fun. I still ache whenever I remember that night. Huhu."
I don't like remembering it either, but probably for different reasons.
Akihito: "I've been under attack lately, so I don't have a lot of time to spare."
Touri: "I know that."
I can tell she's smiling.
Touri: "That's why I was thinking of giving you some useful information. Can we meet tonight?"
Akihito: "I have work――"
Touri: "Then I'll go and drink something there. I quite like that bar anyway."
I'd prefer not to meet her at Izalone. That'd just make me think about what happened last time.
Akihito: "......okay, I'll skip work."
Touri: "That works too."
I'm defeated.
The sun sets. The night begins.
The smell of the wind. The people going back and forth. The light changes color.
The headlights of the passing cars illuminate a death goddess in the shape of a woman.
Touri: "It's a nice night."
Hasekura Touri smiles slightly.
Akihito: "So what's your information?"
I feel a knife in my heart. I speak only about what I want to know.
Touri: "――Wolf pack."
Touri: "That's the group that attacked your school yesterday."
If this was a duel, she would've broken through my heart in the first attack. I don't know what to say to her.
Akihito: "Of course. They aren't part of the Round Table."
A violent, criminal coμ that's been laying low after what happened to Karasuma.
I guess that's one of the benefits of Jack the Ripper's defeat and letting the gig distract so many other coμs.
But either I forgot the heat after it left my throat, or I got bored of the green grass on my side.
Touri: "It's not a single coμ. It's a complex group......a cabal, I think you call them."
Touri: "They apparently formed from teams with weak avatars or missing members that needed to work together to do wicked things."
Wolf pack――I see.
The old BK's――Kaburaya's group was very similar. The Round Table had no idea what to do with them.
Touri: "The leader's name is Urita. They say he lives in net cafes. Right now, he's staying in the fifth floor of that building."
Akihito: "......wait a minute."
Touri: "Hm? ......what? Didn't you want to know this?"
Akihito: "What do you want me to do with this information?"
A death goddess' words. If you follow them too easily, you'll fall into hell.
Akihito: "Are you hoping that I'll kill him?"
Touri: "In this situation, wouldn't that be the best choice for you?"
Akihito: "I'm not a killer. Don't ask me to help you with your job."
Touri: "That's true. You've probably never killed on the job before."
A beastly smile that seems to stab through me.
Touri: "You've only killed to protect. What about now?"
Akihito: "――"
Touri: "Your new partner is Soejima Hisoka, right? As long as she's alive, there's always a risk of her being killed."
―――The red color. Red. Red. Red. Red.
The moment something precious disappears. The sense of loss when a person changes into a thing. The utter powerlessness of holding someone in your arms as they grow cold.
Touri's words bring back those memories. I'm bound by them. I can't escape that. The past is a vertical chain.
They connect to me, right here, right now. A conduit I can't sever. Part of my makeup.
―――Will I be unable to protect her yet again?
Touri: "Are you sure you want to let him go?"
The world regains color when she whispers.
I look at the woman in front of me. The gaps in my memory fill.
That day six years ago, when I met someone under that blue sky for the first and last time.
A woman came from the edge of the world and gave me a way to live, calling herself a "killer."
Akihito: "――I'll do it."
I grip the knife in my heart.
Touri: "Hmmm, so you are a boy after all."
Akihito: "But I'll follow my own rules. I don't want to only be your pawn."
Touri: "Oooh?"
Akihito: "I'll settle things with him at the gigs."
Touri: "You think it's less sinful if he knows you're coming?"
Akihito: "They were after Nomad anyway."
Akihito: "We have the right to issue a challenge. If they want to fight her, they have to go through me first――That makes sense, doesn't it?"
Touri smiles. It's a little softer than before.
Touri: "............you can be such a pain."
Akihito: "I'm weird like that."
Touri: "And you have bad taste in women."
Akihito: "Leave that alone."
Touri: "Was I not good enough for you?"
Akihito: "Saying cute things with that spartan smile won't get you anywhere."
Touri: "But you wanted me so much......you forced me to the ground......"
Akihito: "That's definitely not why I did it."
I resist her efforts to warp the truth with a monotone voice.
Touri: "That woman's no good for you anyway."
Akihito: "You're seriously bringing that up?"
Touri: "She already has a lover she can't bear to be without."
She says that with a smile as my heart stops.
Touri: "His name is Thanatos――Or Death. But you already knew that, right?"
The white scars. They're burned into my eyes and my heart.
Touri: "Her environment isn't helping you either. This is an even worse love than Romeo and Juliet."
Akihito: "I'll figure something out."
She has a point. Soejima's guardian will be a pain.
Touri: "Well, I'll cheer you on at least. Make sure you do it right."
Hasekura Touri walks by me. That nostalgic white face leaves a faint thorn in my chest.
I turn around. The death goddess' figure has vanished between the light and dark of the city.
I wander around the streets, still feeling uncertain. I can't get my thoughts together.
Problems from the past.Problems that are here right now.Problems that await me in the future.
I no longer have any idea which of those I should be tearing my heart open for.
???: "Uuiiiii, hic!"
I hear the cry of a strange creature.
Akihito: "......"
This isn't a rice paddy or a wild mountain. I'm in the middle of the city.
It's not a frog. There aren't any birds flying around at night. It's too weird to be a cat or a dog.
???: "Hic, uuiii......"
Something lies between two vending machines in the darkness of the city.
Yoruko: "Uuiiiiiiii......"
Akihito: "Ummm......"
A tiny girl sits down on the ground. It's not Mayuki, but a black, ferocious girl.
We're near the entrance of the business district. A lot of people go through here, but six out of ten ignore us, and three more just give us odd looks.
Akihito: "......what are you doing?"
The last one asks her a question as all of the others pass by.
Yoruko: "............
drinking too much."
Her eyes are pink and barely focusing.
Akihito: "Mmm."
My eyes fall on the rather tall pile of empty cans at her feet. They're all amazake.
The changing seasons have put hot drinks at the risk of extinction. More than ten of the survivors lie at her feet now.
Yoruko: "I can't stand up......"
Akihito: "Huh?"
Yoruko: "Itsuki...Itsuki, he......"
Akihito: "Took your virginity?"
Yoruko: "I wish he had......"
Akihito: "......right."
There's no accounting for taste, as they say.
Akihito: "You can tell me what happened."
Yoruko: "......shut up. Go away."
Akihito: "Don't drunk people normally want someone to listen to them?"
Yoruko: "............he got mad at me."
Akihito: "Did you wet the bed or something?"
She glares at me, as if eyes could kill.
Yoruko: "I took......independent action."
Akihito: 
Yoruko: "I tried......to help Itsuki......"
Akihito: "And he told you not to do stupid things without his permission?"
Yoruko: "............"
She's so depressed that she could die. At times, the truth is nothing but poison.
Akihito: "Well, they say love is blind."
......that probably didn't help.
This isn't like me, but whenever I think about Soejima, everything else starts to feel alien.
I really am off-balance today.
Yoruko: "Puu...suu...puu...suu......"
Akihito: "Hey!"
She falls fast asleep while I'm thinking. I consider saying more, but I don't think she'd wake up.
Akihito: "......better call her owner."
I heave a sigh and open my phone.
One hour later.
Gasai: "Sorry for the wait."
Akihito: "Just glad you got here before any cops did."
I called him here to reclaim his belongings.
Gasai: "Hmm......one question."
Akihito: "Shoot."
He looks up and down her very closely.
......and he looks so weird.
The arrogant, iron-faced king looks like the student council president from some rich kid's school.
Though his needlessly holier-than-thou attitude hasn't changed in the slightest.
Gasai: "Is it possible to get this drunk on amazake?"
Akihito: "Not through the alcohol alone, at least."
Gasai: "It doesn't matter."
Something bugs me about that response. He gazes at his feet, and I can't tell what he's thinking.
Yoruko: "Supuu...supuu..."
Akihito: "Well, don't be too mean to her, king. I don't know what happened, but puppies will do anything to win their owner's affection."
Gasai: "Yoruko is skilled. I won't waste the stratagem she prepared."
Gasai: "But kingdoms have laws and order. A knight's sword isn't a symbol of loyalty unless it's used as the king wills it."
Akihito: "I know you're strict about that stuff, but if you go so far that she ends up like this, it might cause more problems than it solves."
Gasai: "This is the second time you've found Yoruko for me."
Akihito: "Not on purpose."
Gasai: "I also owe you for Miss Jh, clown."
Akihito: "......I wasn't fighting her for you."
I think about Benio.
Gasai: "Nonetheless, you effectively protected me from her."
Akihito: "It just worked out that way."
What happened to Rondo's coμ? What about Kimizuka Iroha?
She disappeared from the Coμnet after what happened. A single result severed ties between our coμs forever. That weighs on me.
Gasai: "You seem to have a lot of worries."
He invites me to talk. Caesar's Legion. They aren't my enemy. Not for now.
Akihito: "If you're offering, there is one thing I'd like help with."
Gasai: "Speak."
Gasai says just one word, not even asking what the request is first.
Akihito: "There's a cabal called the Wolf Pack. I want to settle my score with the leader by fighting him in a gig."
Gasai's face. I can't tell if it changes.
Akihito: "Could you help chase the wolf into a trap for me?"
Gasai: "――Easily."
A king's promise. I couldn't ask for a better guarantee.
A silent night with no wind.
The moon is just as bright as the neon lights. The streets are overflowing with people. There's plenty of time before the last train departs.
The intersection in front of the station.
The PA system in a retail store. Screeching tires on passing cars. A pop song playing on the jumbotron.
The city is filled with white noise. It swallows and consumes all colors and shapes.
An urban legend about monsters. Steel fantasies descending in the night. Even those feel like faded paintings to me.
I remember Noiz's words. His goals are the polar opposite of the Round Table's.
That man says he wants to remove these monsters from the painting and reveal the deceit in our daily life.
But these monsters might be a perfect fit for this city.
When I start walking back home, my phone rings.
The moment I see the name on the LCD screen, I reflexively push the call button.
Akihito: "Hello. Where are you?"
Hisoka: "Sorry this has to be on the phone. My head hurts, so I've been sleeping for ages."
That must be because she activated it alone yesterday.
Soejima's been at her limit for a while. Even that brief time was enough to exhaust her.
Akihito: "I'm just glad you're all right."
Hisoka: "Were you worried?"
Akihito: "Idiots who ask obvious questions need to be punished."
Hisoka: "Punished?"
Akihito: "Purgatory ramen. You didn't get to eat it yesterday, did you?"
Hisoka: "......I'll be there in ten. No, five."
I feel an unwavering desire through the electromagnetic waves.
Hisoka: "Such a nice room. It's like you just remodeled it."
I spit out the tea I'm drinking.
On the way back from the ramen shop, Soejima said she wanted to see my room, so here we are.
I can't help but feel like I've already screwed up.
Hisoka: "Has your mouth recovered yet?"
Akihito: "Yeah, somehow."
Speech therapy. Ah-eh-ee-oo-uu. Yeah, I'm fine.
Hisoka: "You didn't have to order the spicy one."
Akihito: "I felt like trying it since you really did get there in five."
Purgatory ramen with bright red chili soup.Dark ramen with pitch black pepper.
Because of the green curry disaster, I decided to choose the one that was more visually straightforward.
......it didn't make much of a difference.
Hisoka: "It was delicious though."
A bright smile. I'm starting to learn how to read her abstract expressions.
Akihito: "Good to hear."
My noble sacrifice was worthwhile.
Hisoka: "The view looks good from the veranda."
The lights of the city can be seen through the glass. The black flow of the Naruko River reflecting them. The Takakura Suspension Bridge illuminated by them. This location is excellent for defeating girls.
Benio liked the view from here too.
Akihito: "Everyone says that the first time they come here."
Hisoka: "Who's everyone?"
――The air freezes.
Akihito: "............friends. Just friends. Some happened to be girls but they were still just friends."
Hisoka: "Like who?"
――The air hardens.
Ummm, is she this kind of person? The type who makes bloody bad ends happen? I thought she was more aloof and above it all.
Akihito: "Half of humanity is men, you know."
Hisoka: "The other half is women."
I feel like she's eliminating all of my escape paths. I probably shouldn't have picked this location.
She was so cute when she asked to see my room, but that was a trap.
Hisoka: "――――!"
Soejima's eyes snap open, seeing me harden my resolve.
Hisoka: "What was that!?"
She jumps toward me, shaking with fear.
Akihito: "......what happened?"
Hisoka: "There's a ghost......outside...on the veranda!"
Ah, she can't handle ghosts.
Akihito: "A ghost?"
Hisoka: "A woman with long black hair......gazing into the room with a deep-seated grudge."
Akihito: "......"
――That's Kagome.
So she sensed my return. I wonder if she's actively watching me or just being very on edge.
Akihito: "Calm down, it was nothing."
Hisoka: "But this is the fourteenth floor."
True, there's no way a human could be out there.
Akihito: "It's probably just Girl A or――"
I stop myself. Too late.
Hisoka: "......"
Akihito: "......"
Now that she's quiet again, the silence is all the heavier.
Akihito: "No matter where we go, we can never get away."
From our past.From our coμs.
This is a gentle kingdom. It's equally kind to everything. Thus, it never makes any distinctions.
Life, death, and all connections are equivalent, and are meaningless as a result.
Once we're trapped in a place like that, there's nowhere else for us to go.
Hisoka: "Yeah."
Her voice of resignation isn't even sad. I hold her tighter. Her body's so fragile it scares me.
Soejima lost everything five years ago.My mother was killed.We were put in coμs.
In the end, that all comes down to very bad luck.
Soejima killed Yoshimori.Benio got stabbed.Kagome.
It's all bad luck.
Akihito: "In the next gig......"
Hisoka: "――"
Akihito: "I'm going to fight the people who attacked you. I'll probably kill them."
Hisoka: "For me?"
Akihito: "Yes."
I feel warmth in my back. Soejima's arms around me.
Akihito: "I'll kill them in order to protect you, Soejima."
We've lost so many things. Soejima and I are warped mirror images of each other. We came together to lick each other's wounds.
Some people would probably call us stupid.
But so what――?
Hisoka: "For me......"
Soejima repeats that like a spell, as if she was reaching out for something.
Akihito: "It's not just your coμ and the gigs. I'm connected to you too."
All strangers are completely isolated. Two people can never melt together. I can never understand everything in Soejima's heart no matter how tightly I hold her.
Despite that......
People are formed by their connections. Both past and present ones.
Love, hate, joy, sorrow―――Pieces of humanity. Sometimes beautiful. Sometimes ugly.
Everyone needs something to support them in life.
But so what――?I keep chanting that in this gentle kingdom.
Hisoka: "......"
Slender arms squeezing as hard as they can.
Akihito: "If there's nowhere to run, then at the very least――"
I notice how meaningless my words are, and just hold her instead.
I'll bind her to reality with this warmth.
Soejima is binding me the same way.
No matter where you go, the world is an inescapable prison. Paradise was lost long ago, and death is always waiting for us.
But we're still living. We bind each other, ensure the other still exists, and live.
――We separate in an instant.
Kagome: "It's me. Open up."
The black-haired ghost girl.She could've said "It's the police" and the threat would've felt identical. At least she's nice enough not to simply barge in.
Kagome: "......"
Hisoka: "......"
Kagome: "......"
Kagome's here. The silence hurts like a knife.
Akihito: "Why are you here?"
I couldn't endure the weight of the silence.
Kagome: "There's a Tehanu cake here."
Akihito: "That does sound nice."
Kagome: "......"
Hisoka: "......"
I'm pinned down by freezing gazes and sandwiches......I was hoping the girl behind me would be on my side.
Kagome: "Go pour three cups of coffee."
Akihito: "Why won't you just admit you came here for a snack?"
Such resistance is futile.
It feels like Kagome and Soejima are establishing air superiority over their respective corners of the room.
Akihito: "Coffee's ready."
I pour it from the siphon into the cups and then put three slices of a rare cheesecake on plates.
......the fun tea party begins.
Hisoka: "......"
Akihito: "Soejima, are you hungry?"
Kagome: "Don't worry, it's not poisoned. Unlike a certain someone, I'm not a fan of assassination."
Hisoka: "I don't like sweets."
Kagome: "Just put hot sauce on it."
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun, do we have any?"
Akihito: "......that's enough."
I've had quite enough of this savage tea party.
Akihito: "Like I said, that had nothing to do with Soejima."
Kagome: "Has she completely castrated you? I didn't know you were into bad girls, Akihito."
Hisoka: "Who's a bad girl?"
Akihito: "Kagome, stop it. Soejima, let it go."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Kagome empties her coffee cup in one gulp like a man would, then stands up. She looks down with a cold, scornful smile.
Kagome: "And to think you gladly drank my saliva."
She deposits a super dreadnought-class land mine on her way out.
Akihito: "......"
Hisoka: "Tell me the details."
This is the start of a long night.
====================HK_33　ギグ崩壊.json====================
It was too late by the time he noticed the trap. Just a passing fight. That's all it should've been.
Izawa: "Tsk――――"
An armored horse neighs behind him. The sounds of a large motorbike engine. It's closer than before.
His lungs are hot. They're close to bursting, like overinflated balloons. He's being chased and he can't get away. He grinds his teeth from shame.
However, Izawa runs. He has no other choice.
It's not just a motorbike chasing him. He knows there's something much more terrifying.
Izawa: "――"
The tunnel's exit approaches. A chance to counterattack.
He plans to fight back the moment he gets out in the open. That's his only chance to deal with the handicap of being on foot.
He leaps out of the tunnel and into an alleyway near the central park.
He turns around with hatred and connects to his avatar.
The light rail runs across the bridge over his head.
The sounds of the metal wheels deafen him. The lights from the windows intermittently shine on the alley.
But the explosive gate light is brighter than any of those windows.
An enormous black dragon rises up out of the alley. The next moment......
Izawa: "――――!?"
The dragon is blown away, and next to him is a giant's fist.
An Ivanhoe. Izawa looks at Babylon lying on the ground and takes one step into the darkness.
Izawa: "One connector isn't enough――"
It was an ambush set up for him. Multiple avatars. Multiple coμs. He finally realizes the scope and thoroughness of the enemy.
The engine noise approaches from the tunnel.
And then――Steel claws kicking against the asphalt.
Izawa: "Uu......!"
A Gevaudan. It slowly shows itself, as if toying with its cornered prey.
Izawa: "Don't mock me!"
He wipes out his fear with hatred.
Babylon roars as it stands up.
It swings its steel tail, mowing down the knight and a few street lamps.
It then turns to face the hound. A steel wolf crouching in the darkness.
It vanishes in an instant.
Izawa: "――Above!"
Izawa's mind catches up to the enormous wolf dancing in front of the moon over his head. Unfortunately, the dragon can't move in time.
Steel bullets. The hound's claws dig into the dragon. Izawa's raw talent was the only reason it managed to avoid as much damage as it did.
Izawa: "God dammit......!"
He can't control Babylon alone. The unrelenting enemies search for openings.
The bike comes closer. He pulls out his Tokarev without hesitation.
The gunshot throws off the rider's concentration, causing him to crash. Sparks fly along the ground in the darkness like a spinning firework.
The other enemies pause. That's his chance.
He makes a break for it. He trips over some planters in the park, but he keeps running.
A sudden ringtone. He takes out his phone.
The glowing number――Mizuwa Akihito. He instinctively presses the call button.
Izawa: "――――!"
He then catches himself and throws it away. For just a moment, he considered asking someone else for help. He can't forgive himself for that.
――How the hell did this happen?
He was the sole target, but he can't deal with it on his own. Izawa's angry and distraught.
He already un-summoned his avatar.
It was just slowing him down. He can't control it well enough to fight multiple enemies anyway, and if it got destroyed――
Izawa: "Fuck......!"
His greatest weapon is now also his biggest handicap.
The other four people connected to the dragon. Whether he thinks about them or not, they always dominate a corner of his mind.
Alone. All by himself. That's the faith Izawa's always held. The curse he placed upon himself.
Izawa focuses entirely on running. He seeks an exit in the darkness that he has no hope of finding.
I decided not to go to school until this last gig is over. I don't take the confession online seriously, but there's no guarantee my school would be safe if I went back.
Akihito: "Still, without school to go to, I'm running out of ways to kill time."
Hisoka: "This is fun for me."
An instant answer from the expressionless girl walking beside me.
Akihito: "I guess it's okay, then."
I release the lock on my left hand.
Hisoka: "......"
She forcibly relocks it.
Akihito: "......"
Now we're holding hands like a couple. It's not easy to break free at this angle.
Hisoka: "You don't want to?"
Akihito: "I don't mind."
Hisoka: "Then, why?"
Akihito: "It makes it a bit tougher to walk."
Hisoka: "Don't let go of me."
She casually utters a destructive line.
Akihito: "I know."
Hisoka: "I love you."
The ultimate attack occurs with no warning or build-up.
I take severe damage.
Hisoka: "......"
The quiet air tightens around my neck like a garotte.
Should I say it? Do I have to say it?
Akihito: "......me too."
Yes, we're going to be one of those mushy couples.
She's been kind of weird for a few days, ever since I took her to my room.
More precisely, ever since the near miss with Kagome.
That damning comment about saliva has been cleared up at least.
Hisoka: "It's very dangerous."
She's still wary about the geographic threat though, since we're living in adjacent rooms.
On the way home, we go watch a movie people have been talking about, go get some tea, and kill time in the business district. We walk down the main street as the Friday night breeze blows.
Hisoka: "He told me about your match tomorrow. They've finalized the schedule."
Akihito: "Now we just have to hope they don't run away. Not that they have a choice."
Urita's coμ. The leader of the Wolf Pack. Their avatar is called Jango.
Babylon vs Jango. The prize is the right to challenge Nomad.
Most people assume the attack on the school was the work of several people, but a certain group of people online are connecting it to the urban legends about monsters.
The Coμnet talks about the events much more directly.
Why did the black dragon appear there? Countless arguments about the relationship between Nomad and the dragon.
And after that comes the announcement of a duel at tomorrow's gig. Jango's coμ is practically admitting they did it.
Hisoka: "They don't have a choice?"
Akihito: "I asked Caesar to keep an eye on them until the gig and try to force them to participate."
Hisoka: "Caesar?"
Soejima's face goes pale.
Hisoka: "You can ask him to do stuff like that?"
Akihito: "He owed me a favor."
She gazes at me with extreme doubt.
Hisoka: "......Mizuwa-kun, are you......"
Akihito: "Hm?"
Hisoka: "A scary man?"
Akihito: "Not at all. I just believe in friendship."
Hisoka: "Excuses."
Akihito: "Sorry."
Hisoka: "I had a feeling you were like that anyway."
Akihito: "You did?"
Soejima's eyes were always looking at the sky. How do I look in them?
Akihito: "Come to think of it......"
Hisoka: "What?"
Akihito: "I still haven't asked you, Soejima. Why me?"
Hisoka: "......"
She goes quiet.
Hisoka: "You want to know?"
Akihito: "Yeah."
Hisoka: "I thought you already knew."
Her fingers squeeze my left hand even tighter.
Hisoka: "Because you're me, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "――"
Aaah――
I finally understand why I was so drawn to Soejima.
Kagome called her my doppelganger.
We're very similar. She's like a warped mirror image of myself.
Things we've lost. Wounds that can't heal. A never-ending nightmare.
The shared language of pain connects us.
Even if it's just a pitiful, fragile illusion.Even if it's not enough to reach her heart.
People need a fairy tale to believe in.
But so what―――?
Here, in this gentle kingdom, I have to keep chanting that.
Our hands are connected. I just want to keep feeling this warmth. I want us to remain lovers cut off from the rest of the world.
A world complete with only you and I. An illusion.
There is no world for just two people, and the world would never change just to make things easier for them.
We're connected. Connections bring other connections, and many other things as well. Blessings, calamity, friends, and enemies all in equal measure.
Akihito: "――"
That's why the dragon's voice still reaches my ears.
Hisoka: "What's wrong?"
Akihito: "Someone in my coμ activated Babylon."
Hisoka: "――"
Soejima knows what that means. She watches in silence as I take out my cell phone.
I call the other members.
Haru――At work in her maid cafe.
Mayuki――Still under house arrest.
Benio's in the hospital.
So it has to be Izawa.
Izawa――didn't answer my call.
A dark feeling.It's still wrapped around me as I leave Soejima.
That night.
Akihito: "Yes――?"
The police call me late that night.
It wasn't good news. I write down what they tell me and hang up.
――They have Izawa.
There was an incident five years ago. Many of the city's wounds have healed. But a certain place has been abandoned and forgotten.
It's on the east side of the ruined buildings on the hill.
Most call it "ground zero"――The damage looks like it was caused by a missile. The area's still considered off limits.
Every year, around the day the incident occurred, people leave bouquets near the fences around it.
Plans to rebuild the area should be coming into action soon. All those buildings will then be flattened, including the final scar left by the incident.
There's a gig tonight. A bloody festival to bring this to an end. But―――
Haru: "Wow, it's just the two of us now?"
Haru's maid outfit is far from tragic. Yes, five minus three is two.
Benio's still in the hospital――I haven't seen her ever since Miya-san told me not to come.
Ayaya's been visiting her practically every day, so I asked her to tell Benio: "Don't worry, we're staying away from the gigs now." 
Mayuki's still under martial law――No avatar can help her break through her parents.
And――Then there's Izawa.
Kagome: "So did that idiot die?"
Akihito: "Dunno......it was always kind of amazing that he stayed alive."
The police asked me a lot of questions. Izawa's broken cell phone was found in the park. I was the last number in the call history.
Kagome: "The titmouse has incredible luck."
Haru: "Who do you think attacked him?"
Akihito: "Who knows? He seems to make new grudges everyday."
Grudges are also records of the past. Unwanted connections chase you, and sometimes get ahead of you.
Kagome: "You're completely infatuated, Akihito."
Kagome's mouth curves like a crescent moon.
Kagome: "When in love, the brain secretes narcotics that make you feel incredibly happy."
Kagome: "Thinking your hearts are connected is only an illusion. No more than mutual autotoxemia. A futile exercise in self-delusion."
Haru: "You're so blunt. You could at least say that they're enjoying themselves."
Kagome: "Akihito's completely poisoned now. Your intoxicated brain isn't functioning properly, is it?"
Akihito: "Are you saying you know what happened?"
Kagome: "I don't need to. You're just making a fool of yourself now."
Kagome: "Izawa's a connector."
A fact that's so normal now I hadn't even thought of it. The shock hits me.
That's right. He had a steel fantasy that no knives, bullets, or any other form of violence in the city could ever harm. If he was in danger, then――
There's only one answer.
Akihito: "Other coμs?"
Kagome: "Only avatars can destroy an avatar. He clearly sent Babylon away before they could destroy it though."
Haru: "Does that mean......Izawacchi protected us?"
Akihito: "......maybe."
Kagome: "If they destroyed the avatar, all five of you would die, instead of just him."
Kagome: "Izawa probably survived because whoever attacked him felt it wasn't worth the risk after he did that."
Haru: "You mean they were after all of us, not just him?"
Kagome: "There must be coμs out there that benefit from you five being wiped out."
Akihito: "Now even I can tell what you're getting at."
Akihito: "―――The Wolf Pack."
Haru: "Oooh, they were trying to beat us before the big match. That's so cheap."
Akihito: "But why Izawa?"
If they were after our whole coμ, then they could've targeted any of us.
Kagome: "That titmouse has used Babylon by himself several times. That probably made it easier for them to find him."
Haru: "So it's his own fault......that makes sense."
And it might not have been Urita's coμ. They're a cabal. A pack of wolves formed from multiple coμs.
The power of being in a group.
Haru: "――Huu, oh well. What's done is done."
Haru sighs as if it's someone else's problem.
Haru: "We're going to be in danger during this fight anyway. So, how should we do this?"
A realistic and blunt question. It's kinda cruel.
But having Haru here could be the silver lining. She's quite reliable.
Akihito: "Maybe we should copy Nomad. That coμ only has two people."
Haru: "Hmmm."
Kagome: "Avoid unnecessary movement, and try to finish them off with one hit? It's not as easy as it sounds."
Avatars are meant to be controlled by five people. If you're missing three, it's much harder on the remaining two. It can't move as fast or swing as hard as usual.
So they fight like a snake. Concentrate, save your energy, then make one big lunge.
Haru: "So I'll be dodging, and you'll be punching. Sound good?"
Akihito: "That's fine. This guy's nothing compared to Jack or Miss Jh. We can take him with just the two of us."
Fights are always relative. I know it's not a simple linear scale though.
Still, we can't underestimate our opponent. Intelligence and statistics aren't enough to predict outcomes in this world.
Kagome: "Tonight is the banquet."
The clouds drift by, burning red. That bloody color makes me think of the carnage that awaits us tonight.
Saturday changes into Sunday.
The gig has arrived. Flames fill the black night sky.
Music to heighten the insanity and lights that cut through the darkness. They form an arena for monsters, bordered by metal fences. The spectators packed into the ruins are so excited I can see heat haze.
The music changes. The long night is about to begin.
Bright red letters appear on the LCD screen like blood spatter.
Grudge Match
A fight between Babylon and Jango for the right to fight Nomad. It started with our grudge against them for the attack on the school.
Everyone in the crowd is hoping that this fight will result in death.
We're as ready as we're going to get.
And for once, I plan on giving them what they want, especially after what they did to Izawa.
Gate light comes forth. The black steel dragon manifests itself inside of the blue light.
Haru: "Uwa, it really is heavy tonight. It feels like it's been overeating."
Akihito: "Don't move more than we have to. You focus on defense. I'll focus on offense."
Haru: "You know, in some games this would be the time the main characters have sex to improve their synchronization rates."
Akihito: "You're talking to Mayuki too much......life would be a lot easier if people could understand each other just by having sex."
We influence each other without realizing it. This is part of being connected.
Haru: "Sex will save the world."
Akihito: "That would be anti-climactic."
Haru: "But you're feeling less tense now, right?"
Akihito: "Yeah."
My mind feels more at ease. The amount of information entering my vision rises.
Behind the fence......
――――A red flower blooms.
Akihito: "――"
Screams. Cries.
Just like at the school, death rampages through the crowd.
Haru: "What!? What is it!?"
A riot. Or perhaps a panic. The fence topples over under the pressure. People stream into the combat area.
Behind them, steel lightning leaps around.
A Gevaudan.
There's no mistaking it. That's the avatar that attacked the school. Urita's Jango.
No one was expecting this. The avatar we were supposed to fight is off massacring innocent people. My brain simply can't process this.
Haru: "What do we――"
Akihito: "Isn't it obvious?"
I'm shaking. Something black and hot fills my veins in an instant. 
Anger. Something I've never felt about any of my previous opponents.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The steel dragon roars. Its bright red eyes burn.
It charges forward to tear the enemy apart.
It doesn't matter what life, what reasons lie behind his behavior.
The screams of women being torn apart.
The terror of boys being crushed under its feet.
Someone's despair as their life is unfairly taken away.
Akihito: "......aruaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
It explodes. Even Soejima vanishes from my mind.
It is anger.
―――I can't forgive him.
I can't allow this person to live one second longer.
The black dragon roars, answering the black heat gouging out my heart from the inside.
I let my anger take control and chase him.
Jango notices Babylon's approach. It evades with sharp movements.
Akihito: "―――You think I'm gonna let you get away!!?"
He flees, as if ridiculing the fact that resolve, law, order, duty, and so on are all meaningless if you're strong enough.
Jango flies off.
―――Straight into the crowd.
Akihito: "――――! Damn you...!!"
The people filling the exit are blown away and violated. The area is filled with fresh blood and screams.
On the way, Jango grabs something and throws it under Babylon's feet.
―――A young woman's body.
Akihito: "――――――――!!!"
I couldn't move away in time. She's crushed under our steel feet, splashing red across the area. We don't have very precise control right now, so there was no hope of avoiding this.
Akihito: "Ah...ga......kaha!"
The red color.Nausea.
　　　　I just―――That woman―――
The hatred is turning my organs inside out.
My mind goes blank, and I forget to control Babylon. The situation gets worse as I stand still.
The panicking crowd flows back toward Babylon. The thick herd prevents us from moving.
There are other avatars rampaging around in other places.
The screams won't stop. The panic won't end. Jango vanishes behind them all.
Akihito: "Damn him――!!"
He never wanted to fight Babylon in the first place.
The Wolf Pack just wanted to terrorize the gigs themselves.
Noiz: "They got us."
Hisoka: "What do we do?"
She regretted wearing her uniform tonight.
She didn't have school today, but she wore it anyway because it symbolized her connection with Akihito.
If she knew this was going to happen, she would've changed earlier.
Noiz: "This is a festival of blood now――They will pay for it with their own blood."
Hisoka: "All right."
Noiz and Hisoka connect to their avatar.
A blue giant appears as the gate light flickers. A single bright red eye lights up with anger.
The ruler of chaos roars.
Man: "――There's no need for that, Mr. Noiz."
A man with pale eyes is standing next to them.
A man with no distinguishing features other than fluent Japanese. A John Doe. No one at all.
Noiz: "What do you mean?"
Noiz's expression hardens. He looks into the steel barrel of a Beretta. It appeared in the man's right hand like a magic trick.
Man: "I'm saying we don't need you anymore."
Noiz: "――――"
Three gunshots. Noiz jumps back like a spring-loaded toy, and stops moving.
Man: "Or you, Miss Nomad."
The Beretta's barrel turns to Hisoka. The girl's expression doesn't change, even when faced with a black nine millimeter source of death.
After all, she died a long time ago.
That day, when that fell from the sky, Hisoka's heart died.
Once her heart died, her body was no different from a corpse. She's not living right now, though she isn't dead either. She continues to live, while continuing to die.
Hisoka: "――――Mizuwa-kun."
―――Or so she thought.
Man: "So, this is goodbye――"
Five years since she lost everything. For the first time, something lights up inside her cold body. Something as small as a grain of sand.
Even she doesn't know what it is.
But death is staring her in the face right now.
The black gun barrel. A device set to automatically take her life away when he pulls the trigger.
Hisoka: "――――No."
Something stirs inside her.
For the first time in five years,
She thinks "Not yet.""Not now. Not here.""At least let me see him one more time"―――"Mizuwa-kun."
The black trigger moves.
At that moment――――――
Hisoka: "――――!"
There were two connections to Nomad. Noiz's death forcibly removed one of them.
Hisoka's vision turns red. Something flows into her from Nomad.
Her cranium creaks, as if it was about to break. Something is being carved into her brain.
Hisoka: "Uu――Ah――Ah, aaaaaaaaaaah――!!"
Hisoka's mind is engulfed by red.
Urita Magoichi never doubted that he was just a cog.
The fifth of six brothers. His words had no power in that huge family. At school, he obeyed the unspoken rules and always avoided standing out.
He saw people get bullied a number of times, but he never felt a shred of sympathy.
Those kids got bullied because at some point they refused to be a cog.
Groups hate white noise that disturbs their harmony.
Urita loved the sense of calm from belonging in a group, despite listening to the same J-pop as his friends about having dreams and individuality.
Eventually, Urita had sex with his first girlfriend.
She didn't captivate him, and he didn't feel any love. He was just ashamed of being a virgin at his age.
All of his friends had done the same thing.
And yet, that woman......
She said she hated men with no dreams, that men with no individuality were no fun.
He snapped. Those are just lies from the world of songs and dramas. The woman was a liar.
He and his friends gang-raped her. They recorded it, made her sell herself to other men, and she jumped in front of a train in the end.
They were punished after her suicide note was found. But because they took responsibility as a group, the individual punishments were reduced. Being a cog protected him.
Even meeting Girl A didn't change Urita's world at all. He never thought of this as a special power for chosen people.
All the beginner killers and avatar gig competitors seemed like arrogant idiots to him.
Instead of joining them, Urita gathered friends. The more, the better. And they did whatever the stronger groups wanted.
Then, an opportunity to grant his wish finally came――
Urita: "――――!"
The sound of steel shattering brings Urita back to his senses.
It took less than a minute.
Urita's avatar Jango is slammed headfirst into the concrete.
The other avatars in the cabal have already been destroyed so thoroughly that nothing is left of their original shapes.
Urita: "Ah, ga, sa――"
A woman stands there.
A death goddess. She crushes iron demons with her bare hands. Any being which can do that must be a deity.
Touri: "What's wrong? You look like your life just flashed before your eyes."
The death goddess appears to be enjoying herself.
He's seen that expression before. Yes, his friends had that same expression when they raped that other woman.
Touri: "That's right, you've seen all of it. There's nothing left to watch."
Urita: "W-wait――"
Think. This is the same as back then. I am but a cog in the machine.
Urita: "I-I was just asked to come here. This girl called herself a knight and――"
Touri: "So?"
Urita: "She said Caesar's Legion would treat us well if we――"
Touri: "So what?"
Urita: "It's not my fault, it's Caesar's! I just did what he told me to――"
A death goddess in human form. She smiles ferociously, like creaking steel.
Touri: "――――――Despair and be destroyed."
Urita: "Ohyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
Jango flies out of the rubble and over the goddess' head, the moon at its back.
The hound breaks apart in the moonlight. Its limbs are cut off, and then its head. Its body falls down like a maggot, skewering itself on some rubble.
Death cries echo through the ruin. Urita and his fleeing friends.
Coμs are destroyed along with their avatars. No one is an exception.
In a country of corpses, where all have died but her......
Touri: "――And the festival is over."
Hasekura Touri looks down to another conflict.
====================HK_34　市街戦.json====================
The moon is bright tonight.
And yet, the man's pockets remain empty. He looks up at the night sky from the driver's seat, and sighs.
It's Saturday night. No one is looking for a taxi right now.
The turnstile in front of the station. The last train has already left, so hanging out here won't get him any customers.
He heads onto the freeway, and the city flies by.
He became a cab driver after being restructured at age fifty. It's apparently a popular choice for people seeking a new career at his age.
But hearing about it and doing it are different things. Now that the bubble's burst, this country is dark.
He fiddles with the wireless radio, annoyed.
Some announcements from the cab company come into his ears. There are a lot of sealed roads tonight.
Did something big happen? Even though the night's so silent, and the moon so bright?
Driver: "......huh?"
The freeway. A long, straight road with several lanes of traffic.
Something's standing silently on the road under the moonlight, with the blue night sky at its back.
――――It's a monster.
Driver: "Uu――"
A steel fantasy. A primate-shaped silhouette over three meters tall.
A blue giant.
Its single red eye glows bright in the darkness.
Driver: "Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
Emergency brakes. He was going too fast. His wheels lose traction and he starts skidding.
The car spins around and crashes into the guard rail.
Flames rise into the dark night sky. The burning orange reflects on the steel armor.
The giant doesn't even glance at the tiny destruction at its feet. 
The waves of people have disappeared. The panic is dying down. What remains is the evidence of a tragedy.
Corpses of those killed by terrorism. Red stains that aren't even corpses anymore.
The enemy to defeat has also disappeared. There's no one on the hill now.
A dead light with no heat. Under the blue moonlight, not even dregs of the insane heat remain. Only rubble, silence, and darkness.
It's like we're on the surface of the moon.
Haru: "We should probably head back too. It'd be a pain if the cops showed up."
Akihito: "No――"
Something's bothering me. The Wolf Pack's target was the gig itself. They were after Soejima, one of Nomad's connectors.
Which means――
Haru: "Akihito?"
I head for the organizer's booth.
There's a giant hole in the side of the trailer. I leap inside.
	The smell of death gives me a single purpose.
	I'll defeat the enemy and survive with Soejima.	All of my cells contribute toward that single goal.
	The survivor will be whoever finds the other first.	And――Whoever throws aside their hesitation first.
	Urita and the others must still be nearby.
	But......	All I find is a dead, silent body.
	More than anything――More than anyone――	I want Soejima to be safe.	She's irreplaceable. She's half of me.
	Silence makes me think of death.	My heart races.
	And......	All I find is a dead, silent body.
Akihito: "Noiz......"
He was shot in the chest.
There's another body, but it's been completely mangled. He must've been torn apart by an avatar.
The hole in the trailer must've been created by an avatar too.
I don't see Soejima anywhere. I feel relieved from the bottom of my heart.
Touri: "――The festival's over."
A voice behind me. A death goddess in the shape of a woman.
Akihito: "Did you do this?"
Touri: "No."
Akihito: "So Urita's cabal did?"
Touri: "I harvested them."
Akihito: "......"
If she says so, it must be true. Not one member of the Wolf Pack is alive now.
Touri: "Have you heard of a Kodoku pot?"
A sudden riddle. I don't know what Touri's after.
Touri: "It's a magic ritual from ancient China, where poisonous insects and lizards are put in a small pot until they devour each other. The survivor is called the Kodoku."
Touri: "It carries with it the hatred of those it ate, and can kill others through curses."
Touri: "These avatar gigs were much like those pots. They created a Kodoku called Nomad."
Akihito: "Is that what the man over there was after?"
Touri: "He was just a cog, like me."
Touri: "A different will lies behind his actions, as well as his death."
A man who called himself "noise" after failing to become a cog of society. But he was also a mere cog in something else he wasn't even aware of.
One small part of a monster so huge that no one can see its whole face. The tip of a web of vines growing over everything they find. An isolated world, cut off from the rest.
Even our imagination isn't allowed to create more than a fragment of it.
Akihito: "And what is that person planning to accomplish by getting all these people killed?"
Touri: "Obtaining a weapon. A tool to wage war."
Akihito: "――"
She speaks something entirely realistic and plausible with the most casual tone imaginable.
Touri: "How you perceive an event depends on your personal standing and sentiments."
Touri: "You understand things using the mental image that feels most natural within your experience and values. Can you imagine how a warmonger might feel about avatars?"
Kagome said something similar in the past. Avatars are well-suited to terrorism.
Touri: "Naturally, they see it as a threatening weapon. It's hardly surprising that they want to prepare some sort of countermeasure."
War. Weapons.
Firm and merciless words. Words that are taboo in this country.
Haru: "When you say warmonger......do you mean like a death merchant or a war profiteer? Or an actual military official?"
Haru caught up to me at some point. She seems to have managed to guess a lot of what happened.
She's never met this death goddess before, but she has no difficulty speaking to her. I wish I had that kind of nerve.
Touri: "Fish don't know what it's like to be a bird, and they don't need to. They might not even understand even if they did know."
Touri: "This world is multi-layered, and all of us are complicated."
Touri: "There are places where we fit together, but there are conflicts we can never hope to resolve in others."
Touri: "Do you understand, waitress?"
Haru: "......that was a heck of a smokescreen. I have no idea what you're trying to say."
Touri turns toward me.
Touri: "You've gone quiet. Are you worried about your beloved?"
An unpleasant sensation swirls in my chest.
Blood. Death. Destruction. Malice. Here I see tons of things I don't want anywhere near Soejima.
Touri: "It's too late."
She smiles. Her eyes tell me there are some things you just can't help.
Touri: "Nomad's stampeding."
Akihito: "――"
Touri: "Since I'm the outsider, you probably know what that means far better than I do, right?"
Stampede――
The worst possible fate for a connector. Once you lose control of your avatar, it devours your mind.
Haru: "Makes sense. They said stronger avatars are more likely to do that."
Akihito: "......yeah. Karasuma's avatar was stampeding at the end. Even we've killed people and gained levels. It could happen to us too."
Despite devouring so many avatars, and growing stronger several times over, Nomad's always had only two connectors.
The monster's curse has been eating away at Soejima's mind this whole time.
And now, Noiz is dead. The entire burden of controlling Nomad has fallen on Soejima.
Touri: "The curse that Nomad's been building up will swallow that girl whole. Either her avatar will be destroyed, or it will kill her. The end result is the same."
I turn away, telling Hasekura Touri that we're done talking.
Akihito: "O-Haru-san."
Haru: "Yes?"
Akihito: "I don't have the others' permission to do this, but I have to go now."
Haru: "Given the situation, O-Haru-san will come too."
Akihito: "I'm really grateful for that. So much that I could cry."
Haru: "It's so hot when men lose sight of themselves over a girl."
Akihito: "Be quiet."
We leave the trailer.
This moonlit world died without a sound. Silence rules the ruins. The black witch stands there.
Kagome: "Stop wasting your time, Akihito."
Akihito: "Whether it's a waste or not is up to me."
I can hear her draw a knife. The blade shines under the moonlight.
Akihito: "......the hell has gotten into you?"
Kagome: "I'm just going to improve your skull's ventilation. Your brain's boiling in there."
Kagome's holding a kukri knife. She's four meters away. With Kagome's agility, she could reach me in one jump.
So......
Kagome: "Give it up. You can't defeat me with that."
Her face doesn't change in the slightest. She uses a phrase that was cliche at the turn of the century. I know all too well that she's completely right.
Akihito: "You have better specs than I do. At least let me use this as a handicap."
I point the Glock at my childhood friend.
Narrow, black eyes. I can feel her presence change.
Kagome: "You've pointed a gun at me. This won't end well for you."
There's something fundamentally different between us and Kagome. She won't hesitate at the critical moment, no matter who she's up against.
But I......
I face the bloodlust sunk deep in my heart. It's always been with me.
I don't cut it away. I can't wipe it out.
And――At that moment, I won't hesitate either.
Haru: "Hooold up!"
Akihito: "――"
Now Haru's holding a Beretta. The way she holds it is laughable, like a Hollywood movie heroine.
Kagome: "......that's quite the secret weapon."
It's pointed at Kagome.
Akihito: "Where'd you get that?"
Haru: "It was lying next to the body we were looking at."
Akihito: "Nothing ever gets by you."
Kagome drops the knife at her feet, as if to say she has no affection left for me.
Kagome: "Fine, go."
She turns around and walks away.
Akihito: "......I will."
The moon is in the sky.The night is still young.
Hisoka: "――――――"
Soejima Hisoka's lips play a melody, like a singing water fairy drawn to the moon. 
A song about an illusory country where the seven colors of the rainbow stretch across the sky.
But the night sky in Hisoka's eyes is red.
The color of blood. The sky, the moon, the buildings, the cars, all of them are red.
The song stops.
Hisoka: "――――!"
Her skull grates.
Sharp pain spurs her anger and hatred. Destroy. Destroy. Destroy. The voice flows into her mind.
In order to forget her pain, she hurts something――Herself.
Sirens tear through the night. They break through the red and hurt Hisoka's brain. She heard this same sound five years ago.
Hisoka: "――"
Time returns to Hisoka.
That said, the moment she was hurt and lost......
A red sea covered the city. Red lights sealed off the roads at night.
She tried to climb over them, and a number of uniformed officers pinned her to the ground.
Boundary lines cutting something off. Lines that must not be crossed. Lines separating fantasy from reality. Lines separating life from death.
With those behind her, the steel footsteps grow distant.
That's not the right way. That's not what Hisoka seeks.
The girl turns in a different direction, as the giant holds her with one arm.
She can no longer see the scorched blue sky. Everything is red. All she sees is a red night.
Beyond it......
Hisoka: "Ah......"
Girl A――
An adorable girl she met that day, in the ruins of death.
She sings, inviting Hisoka.
Hisoka starts following her lead. The steel giant crosses the Takakura Suspension Bridge. 
At the same time――
A titanium bird of prey arrives from the sky. It carries the power to transform a city into cinders and to fly faster than sound. A steel bird born from human hands.
A reaper of the sky with two horizontal wings――An FA-18 Hornet fighter jet.
She can't see anything on them to identify what country or military it came from.
Hisoka: "Is that......what......you are......?"
Her burning eyes look up at the sky.
Air-to-surface missiles are released from pylons under the wings. AGM 65 Mavericks.
They leave trails of fire and white smoke.
Spears of death carrying fifty seven kilos of solid explosives. They target Nomad, and columns of fire erupt around it.
The Naruko River turns the color of dawn far too early.
Flying fragments of stone and metal rain down on the red water.
The Takakura Suspension Bridge groans in agony after being hit by the missiles.
The smoke clears. The steel giant still stands.
Air flows around it in a spiral.
――Wind armor.
Hisoka: "No......it's not......you......"
The giant's single eye glows red.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
An angry roar rises along with the creaking. It points its warped left arm toward the sky.
The enormous lance begins to spin and grind. The spiral's rotation draws the atmosphere along with it, creating a tornado.
An unexpected and highly localized shockwave attacks the FA-18 above.
It attempts evasive maneuvers, but it gets caught in the wind and pulled down.
A seventeen meter long, ten ton aircraft is spun around like a tree leaf.
From the cockpit, the man at the controls looks through the wind.
He sees a bluish black giant leaping up into the sky from the bridge―――
And a blue cone stabs him.
It pulls out its lance after piercing the plane.
The giant obeys gravity and falls. Soejima Hisoka looks at the moon from the steel arm holding her.
A perfect circle, burning red.
Aaah, it's so――――Beautiful――――
The giant lands without a sound on the bridge's arch. Beneath it――
The FA-18 crashes into the bridge and explodes.
The bridge creaks as it slowly collapses under its own weight. The giant carrying Hisoka resumes its walk into the night.
====================HK_35　決着.json====================
Another world is invading the city at night. Something has crossed the border between them.
It is death.It is destruction.It is a monster.
Sirens and red strobe lights tear through the city's slumber, as if a timeless war has begun.
Waves of fleeing people.Waves of approaching people.
The terrified and the curious are divided clean in two by the unknown.
A forest of moving humans. The maid and I rush through them.
Haru: "There's a lot of cops."
Akihito: "Hope they don't get themselves killed."
Haru: "Should we get rid of our guns?"
Akihito: "They're standing in front of a bonfire. They'll let a few campfires go."
We have an insignificant conversation.
Even that makes me feel better. I'm not alone. There's a part inside of me that needs only that to stay intact.
I want to think that Soejima needs me right now.
Haru: "――!"
A rumbling so loud it makes me think of lightning.
Smoke rises up behind the buildings. One corner of the night sky turns red.
Haru: "There's a war going on there."
Akihito: "More like a monster movie."
The Self-Defense Force always sends someone out in those movies, but it happened a lot earlier than I expected. Maybe this is the "will" Touri was talking about.
Haru: "That was on the bridge, right?"
Akihito: "Yeah."
An explosion from a different direction.
Haru: "......they stopped."
No third explosion. Nomad's probably done fighting.
Haru: "What do we do?"
Akihito: "Go there."
Haru: "We can't catch up to it just by running. Any idea where she's going?"
I remember Soejima's face.
Scars. Explosions.――Five years ago.
Hisoka: （I want you to be my accomplice, Mizuwa-kun――）
Akihito: "......yes. We'll take a shortcut."
The city's arteries are clogged tonight. Like action movie heroes, we slide over parked car hoods, rush through several alleys, and charge through intersections.
Haru: "Isn't this the way to――"
Akihito: "Yes, the park."
The gaps between buildings die out. An urban forest cut out of the darkness by mercury lamps. The park is silent at night. 
The night breeze carries the smells of plants and sea water. Moonlight wavers behind the rustling branches.
Haru: "W-wait, how far are you going!? Ha! Ha!"
Akihito: "You need to work out more, O-Haru-san."
Haru: "These two bombshells are a handicap!"
Akihito: "Not much longer――"
I can see it from here. A white angel statue illuminated in my shaking vision.
Akihito: "We're here."
Haru: "The monument――?"
We stop. The wind stops as well. I feel the silence of the night.
Out across the bay, I can see the Takakura Suspension Bridge burning.
Akihito: "If we stay here, Soejima will come."
Haru: "Hmmmm, so you two made a promise here."
We just wait.And keep waiting.
Just like the girl who stood on that roof, always watching the blue sky.
Eventually――
I hear steel footsteps from the forest, far removed from the din of the city.
Haru: "――"
She's here. The black forest gives birth to a black fantasy.
A bright red eye in the darkness. A creature of steel snaps branches as it advances.
The bluish black giant's body is completely exposed under the moonlight, like a wild animal that wandered into the city.
And a slender body is held in its metal arm.
Akihito: "Soejima――"
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun."
Soejima looks at me.
Soejima's eyes are tranquil, just like the moon. No heat or insanity.
Just a devastated gray void. Only one thing exists there.――Death.
I see a barren lunar landscape in Soejima Hisoka's eyes.
Hisoka: "I knew you'd be waiting for me."
Her smile is filled not with sadness or desperation, but relief, as if she's been released from something.
――I remember Kagome's prediction.
Hisoka: "You are me. I am you. My other self――"
They say you die when you meet your doppelganger.
Nomad's head moves behind her.
Steel fangs gnash. The red eye looks down on me. Soejima's body convulses as it does that. Connector and avatar. The master is now the slave.
Hisoka: "Ah......aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah――――!!"
Nomad's red eye gleams like a jewel.
Soejima's eyes are a murky red. Her capillaries are bursting. Red insanity and bloodlust invade her.
It's not Soejima's bloodlust. The avatar is stampeding, out of her control.
Right now, the connector is no more than fuel for the avatar to consume.
Haru: "This is bad."
Akihito: "I know. It'll be fine."
Yes, I know.
Ever since that moment when the world hurt me, by taking her away from me......
The world has neither loved nor hated us.
Only humans love other humans.Only humans hate other humans.
So I have to do this with my own hands――
I change my will into a steel bullet, shoving it into the black dragon.
Babylon, come to me.
Take my anger. My bloodlust. My suffering. Devour my soul and roar with joy.
Akihito: "―――Come, Babylon!!!"
The steel dragon rushes out of the blue-white light.
The blue giant moves. The ground shakes underneath it.
Haru and I are the only connectors. We can't move the dragon as well as we'd like. Our abilities are limited.
The dragon charges forward, targeting the barbarian's lance.
Nomad's left arm spins like the main gun on a tank.
We try to close the distance before it can warm up.
Once an avatar stampedes, the connectors are just circuits.
After they become mere components, they no longer feel pain, and are released from the burdens that used to torment them.
But that doesn't change the fact that avatars and connectors are indivisible.
Each missing connector weakens the avatar.
Nomad has lost four of its five circuits.
So this fight is effectively two versus one.
Just having Haru here gives us a chance.
We already have the speed advantage.
We evade the lance and get right up close, just like an in-fighter neutralizing an out-boxer's advantage.
The dragon roars. Steel fangs pierce Nomad's shoulder.
The giant winces. The dragon's fangs break through its armor and dig deep inside it.
But we can't deny the fact that having only two connectors makes us weak.
Plus, Nomad is far more powerful because it's devoured more avatars.
It tears us off with raw strength.
Nomad leaps backwards, getting some distance.
Nomad's left arm flashes, and Babylon jumps.
The nighttime forest lost its color under the moonlight. A steel line flashes across the monochrome field. The tip of the lance.
So fast――
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Dodge it――
　　　　　　　　　　We can't――
――I swing my arm.
I concentrate a gravity field on Babylon's right arm. It deflects the monster lance's tip by a hair's breadth. Any ordinary avatar would've lost their whole arm and then some.
And we won't be able to do that again.
Gravity control―――
I concentrate entirely on making Babylon function efficiently―――But it's too slow.
We can barely move properly with two people. At best Babylon's operating at 20%.
Branches crack. Trees are knocked over. Two monsters run side by side in the nighttime forest.
I wait for the right moment. The moment we both leap out of the forest――
There are no obstacles between Nomad and Babylon.
A straight line of death tying the giant to the dragon. We move along that line――
Nomad shoots forth its giant lance.
This is what I've been waiting for. Babylon exposes itself, neither hiding nor fleeing――
――I jam Babylon's claws into the tip of the cone. I catch the blade in my bare hands before it cuts me apart.
The tip of the lance stays still, so centrifugal force pulls Nomad off the ground and spins him around.
Gravity control and that initial acceleration helped. Nomad's body is over three meters tall, but it's floating completely off the ground.
Akihito: "――"
To finish it off――Babylon's fire.
――Load.
A gravity well rumbles inside Babylon's mouth. There's no way for Nomad to evade it in this situation.
The trigger of bloodlust. The moment my mind starts to pull it......
――I see Soejima in the giant's right arm.
There's no way to save a connector after a stampede.
They'll get consumed by their avatar, and eventually die.
I see a figure of despair and resignation.
Soejima's red eyes tell the story. There's nothing that I can do.
I remember that day. I remember the red color of what used to be my mother staining the white floor.
That was when I learned that peace, that our daily life is but the eye in a storm of misfortune.
This gentle kingdom mercilessly, unfairly and unpredictably takes things away from us.
And there's nothing we can do about it.
Akihito: "――――――"
Don't lose focus.
If I can't save her, then I won't let anyone else hurt her.
At least......
At least I can do this myself――
No matter how much we touch or hold each other, there's a gap between people that can never be filled.
It's very similar to this gentle kingdom.
You can hold out your hand, but you can't reach. There's nothing you can do.
But so what――――?
I still want it so badly.
Everyone needs someone.
Love. Hatred. Anger.
It's the same as the dream. I know it's just a fairy tale that you can never hope to reach.
But so what――――?We all live off those fairy tales.
Akihito: "Oo――――Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
I shake off my hesitation―――
And shoot.
A black flame to engulf everything, released after a moment's delay.
At the same time...
Akihito: "――――――――――Ah."
Babylon was being swung around too.
The cone rotates even though we're holding it.
Nomad uses raw power to spin Babylon around.
The black flash flies off into empty space. Babylon's huge body rolls around on the ground.
It stands back up.
The odds are still fifty-fifty.No――Nomad's farther away now, so it has the advantage.
The tip of the deadly lance shoots through space. Babylon's claws come down on it from both sides――
But it rotates at high speed a moment too soon. Babylon's claws are deflected.
The lance flashes toward Babylon's chest.
The gravity shield――――Is too slow.There's no time!
The blue cone skewers Babylon.
The steel dragon screams. It hasn't been disabled, but it is heavily damaged.
Nomad pulls the lance out.
Babylon falls to its knees. The second attack comes.
The giant's single eye burns red.
A beam of light from the heavens, even brighter than that red flame. It flies from a distant corner of the night sky.
A flawless, sublime being.
A blade of judgment and shining steel.
Akihito: "――Sting."
The legendary avatar we once saw flying through the sky.
Sting flies into Nomad's back.
The messenger of death comes without context, without meaning, and without reason.
The shape of that blade tearing through the night reminds me of the one from seven years ago――: "There's no reason for death."
Light falls.
It happened in an instant.
A single strike faster than Nomad can react.
The ultimate blade, capable of bisecting avatars effortlessly, cuts Nomad clean in half――
Nomad falls to the ground.
The light fell and cut through where the giant should have been. Its trajectory was flawless.
――But it's in the black dragon's back.
Babylon's left arm is cut off at the shoulder, and falls to the ground.
Haru: "Akihito!?"
Akihito: "............!"
―――Why did I protect Nomad?
Even I don't understand.
But my past caught up to me here.
Babylon's unexpected interference made Sting evade a moment too late.
Nomad punches the flying sword with its right arm, because that one's closer. Soejima's body is flung onto the ground.
Sting was completely defenseless, so the blow throws it off target and it crashes into the monument.
The winged marble angel. Half of it is cut clean off and falls to the ground. It's been less than a second since Babylon moved.
Sting rises back into the night sky like a shooting star.
Nomad's attack didn't even scratch it.
Sting draws a long arc in the sky and comes back down.
It's after Nomad. It intends to bring meaningless death upon the blue giant――And Soejima.
Sting from the heavens.Babylon from the earth.Nomad fails to react quickly to both of its enemies.
The heavily wounded Babylon reactivates to take advantage of that opening. The dragon's eyes glow red once again.
Akihito: "――――"
Black heat scorches my chest.
The dragon's jaw opens. Black flame to consume all groans as it converges.
Preparing for the moment when it will be released again.
Akihito: "I'm not letting you have her――――!"
I scream from the bottom of my heart.
It's anger. Resistance against the meaningless death.
Death has no meaning.Death has no purpose.We know that better than anyone.
Which is why I shoot.
Her life won't be taken away on a whim. It won't be lost as part of a bad cosmic joke.
This will be special for us. A way to affirm that this is our parting, our vow.
I will do it with my own hands.
I will――――――――――Kill Soejima.
The pitch-black fireball shoots through Nomad faster than Sting.
It wasn't a clean hit. Either I hesitated at the end, or Nomad made use the last of its strength. The gravity vortex only tears through the left half of the giant's body.
But that's enough.
The barbarian falls to the ground.
I approach Nomad now that it can't move.
The giant writhes, its fangs grating. It has no weapons, and no means of escape.
It only takes one more attack.
I have to finish it before Sting comes back.
Devour every last shred of this curse. Her whole being.
Babylon raises its black claws――
Akihito: "――――――――"
And yet......
Even though I know this is meaningless, that I can't win, that I'll be defeated......
But so what?
I can't help but wish for it.
Babylon stands with its back turned to the giant crying in agony, as if blocking Sting's trajectory.
A steel blade floats in front of the moon. It looks down coldly like a deus ex machina at the end of the play.
Blocking it with Babylon won't make a difference. That thing is different. It's different from any other avatar. Human logic doesn't apply to it.
Haru: "......what are you doing?"
Akihito: "O-Haru-san......sorry if this doesn't work out."
―――But so what?
I can't help but wish for it.
That's why I wanted to make this one final gamble.
Akihito: "――――!"
Sting rotates without a sound.
It's aiming.
I feel like a gun barrel is being pushed against my forehead.
The ultimate and supreme blade. There is no way to dodge or block Sting.
Once Sting makes its move, it will cut Babylon as well as Nomad in half.
I know that.
But so what――?
I can't back down a single step.
This is my final gamble. I need time.
Maybe five minutes, maybe ten. I'm not sure.
Akihito: "......!!"
Time crawls on its hands and knees. Nothing takes longer than waiting.
When is it going to move?
I look at my watch. It hasn't even been one minute yet.
How much longer――?
Haru: "Akihito."
A sharp voice.
Akihito: "――――!!"
I definitely feel that Sting is looking at me.
Akihito: "――――It's coming."
Destruction we cannot escape.
Haru: "Akihito."
She's trying to tell me there's nothing more I can do.
I can't change the fact that she's right.
Nothing in the world can outstrip light. People can't fly in the sky.
In this gentle kingdom, what happens happens, and nothing else.
But so what―――?
I've gotten hurt, been defeated, lost things I cared about, and given up.
But there are still things I can't completely abandon.
Now that I've realized that simple truth......
That's why―――
Akihito: "......sorry, O-Haru-san."
I stand my ground.
Blue light flows out. The time I've been waiting for is finally here.
Akihito: "――!"
I feel like it's been hours, but it was probably only a few minutes.
The blue gate light.
Nomad is still an avatar, even after stampeding. Just as Nanase and others once told us―――
The connection times out when there's no magic left.
Just like any other avatar, Nomad disappears through the gate light.
At that moment――
Nomad's huge body creaks and convulses. Soejima's body does the same.
Haru: "What......?"
A single red eye begins flashing.
An irregular rhythm. The giant's limbs groan and creak. An unharmonious sound.
That sound is almost like――
Akihito: "――Noiz."
Deep in the forest, a man stands like a ghost.
Noiz: "The time has come......for revenge......"
A tremendous amount of blood flows out of him. His face is almost as pale as a corpse.
But insanity is in his eyes. His body moves like a vengeful spirit despite the holes running through it.
Noiz: "I wish――――For chaos."
Nomad convulses wildly, then stops moving. Soejima's body falls from the metal arm.
Its single eye glows red once more.
Akihito: "What?"
Did he just regain......?
Noiz: "――――Nomad."
The giant picks up its left hand. He really did it.
A connector severed from Nomad just managed to retake control of it.
Did the connection come back when Noiz woke up? Because he hadn't completely died?
Noiz: "Destroy――――"
Noiz isn't paying any attention to us now.
Noiz: "......forgetfulness......law and order......peace and safety..."
I can't tell if he's looking right in front of himself or far, far away.
Ruins of the past. City lights swaying here and now.
Noiz: "The truth all those things forgot."
He staggers forward.
Noiz: "This is......the revenge......of the dead......"
A man trapped in his past curses all things that exist in the present.
Forgetfulness, prosperity, peace, order. He wishes to destroy all of those and put them on his tombstone.
The gigs. What conclusion was this man hoping for from those chaotic festivals?
I can only imagine, but......
Noiz: "―――Nomad."
He orders his avatar. His voice sounds like wind blowing up from the center of the earth.
Akihito: "He's gonna take it into the city!"
Noiz is on the verge of death. As his final act, he ordered Nomad to attack all that he feels hatred toward.
If that thing gets into populated areas again......
Akihito: "Damn you, I'm not letting you do this!"
The wounded Babylon steps forward, blocking Nomad's path.
The enormous lance rushes. A blue cone calling death fills my vision.
I use its right arm as a shield.
The tip skewers Babylon's chest as well as its arm. The dragon roars in agony.
Haru: "Cra――!"
It has this much power even with only one connector. No, it's built up a curse from all those it killed. The size of that curse is what's overpowering us.
It's impossible for Babylon to win in such a wounded state.
So――
I expected my hand to get kicked back much farther. The tactile sensation of ending his life is much weaker than the blade I once used.
Noiz: "――――"
This time, Noiz really is dead. He fell into hell, taking all of his curse and insanity with him.
====================HK_36　透理との別れ.json====================
The footbridge in front of the station. I stand on the stairs and look down on the city.
On the surface, indecent neon lights mix with the stars. When I stand here, I feel that ghostly light much more than usual.
I'm only about five meters closer to the stars here. Floating above daily life, but not flying.
Through gravity, our legs are kept firmly attached to the ground, to ordinary life. The best we can do is float slightly above it.
I push the ground as hard as I can.
I float upward.
For a brief moment, I'm released from the chains of gravity. Just a few seconds. Maybe only a few moments.
A moment when I take myself back from the flowing days. A delusion too faint to even call freedom.
But I won't stop jumping. I can't stop.
That futile, endless struggle is what it means to be alive.
Touri: "――Sorry for the wait."
Hasekura Touri stands there under the starry night sky.
The death goddess gazes at me with her usual merciless smile.
Akihito: "I think this is the first time I've contacted you."
Touri: "It is."
We stand side by side against the cold railing. I rest my chin on my hand and watch the taillights go by like shooting stars.
Akihito: "What are you going to do now?"
Touri: "Nothing different. Nothing's changed. You're still you and I'm still me."
Akihito: "There's always the hunter and the hunted."
Touri: "It is back to square one for you. Or have things changed a little?"
Akihito: "Not sure."
Did something change? Was I able to change something? I don't know.
But――
Akihito: "I wanted to give this back to you."
That's why I called her here today.
I take the knife out of my pocket, in its sheath.
Touri: "――"
A nameless killer I met a long time ago, and a black goddess of death.
Those two faces still don't quite line up perfectly.
Akihito: "A long time ago, I met a death goddess. She never told me her name."
Akihito: "But that woman taught me how to live. Though I was very young at the time."
Touri: "I see."
She looks down at the knife and chuckles.
Not her usual stabbing smile.
Touri: "So you had me confused with that woman this whole time. That explains a lot of your behavior."
She denies it. My delusions and sentiments turn comical in an instant. I find that strangely comforting.
Akihito: "I only met her once. Never before or since. So I only remember the impression she gave me. You felt very similar."
Touri: "I can imagine."
Akihito: "Does that mean......?"
Touri: "I know her. I recognize her knife."
Touri: "She belonged to the same group that I do. She was just a killer."
Akihito: "Killer――"
Touri: "Not an assassin, just a killer. They never wanted her to come back once she was sent out. A disposable expert in killing techniques."
Hazy memories come to mind. That day, under that sky. That's definitely what the woman said about herself.
Touri: "However, that disposable woman came back several times. She massacred magicians with all sorts of powers, and survived."
Akihito: "What was she like?"
Touri: "She had nothing."
Touri: "No reason to live, no ideals, no beliefs, no grudges. She had nothing at all."
Touri: "She killed people who had reasons, ideals, beliefs, and grudges just by going through the motions."
If Touri's right about that "killer," then what was the meaning of the blade she gave me?
Akihito: "I'm pretty sure she taught me something though."
Or was that just another delusion?
The blade she gave me had no meaning. The world didn't help me.
In the end, only I could ever help myself.
Touri: "Puzzled? Can't accept it? But that's the truth. You can see anything you want if you want to badly enough. Even ghosts."
Akihito: "Was I just mistaken?"
Touri: "Dunno. But as far as I know, that woman was never the type to give people lessons they remembered for years to come."
Touri's words ring out indifferently under the starry sky. The mystery of the woman in my head is solved, and fades away.
That's probably the same as the truth that Noiz felt on the morning of destruction. A fairy tale he saw at the edge of the world that blew away in a strong wind.
But so what―――?
Akihito: "Maybe those words didn't mean much to her at all―――"
Suffering. Struggling. I've done things I can never undo, but......
Akihito: "I still think she saved me."
Touri: "Then what's wrong with that? Words don't reflect the true substance of anything, just messages. If that's the message she conveyed to you, then it's the truth."
Akihito: "Is that how it works?"
Touri: "It is."
Our conversation ends.
The lights of the city sparkle in the distance. Appearing, vanishing, and then reappearing.
It's always moving. The city. Our world.
Akihito: "By the way, something's been bugging me for a while."
Touri: "What is it?"
Akihito: "You kept referring to her in the past tense."
Touri: "She died."
Akihito: "――I see."
The answer is terse.
Why? What happened? For some reason, I don't feel like asking.
But I do know that the woman really did exist.
And that I'll never see her again.
Touri: "Is that all you wanted?"
Akihito: "Yeah."
My answer still contains hesitation. Something's prickling in my chest.
Touri: "In that case――May we meet again someday."
Her footsteps grow distant and get absorbed by the sounds of the city.
Admiration. Bitter thoughts. An urge to cry. I shut it all away in the bottom of my memories.
====================HK_37-1　密エンドnormal.json====================
Tonight, somewhere in the city――
Izawa: "Another great turnout."
Izawa shows himself in the VIP space. He almost got killed about one year ago, but he's as threatening as ever.
Akihito: "Success is business, safety at home, uncertainty in all parts of life."
Kagome: "Especially when you die."
Akihito: "......what are you doing here?"
A childhood friend is loitering around like she owns the place.
Kagome: "Do I need Akihito's permission to come here?"
Akihito: "I am kind of in charge."
Kagome: "Of an unambiguously illegal gambling ring. What authority do you have?"
Akihito: "For one, only authorized personnel should be here in the first place. Not only that, you're eating cake here. At least sit down to eat. That's just bad manners."
Kagome: "This tiramisu strawberry a la mode is limited edition. Now's my only chance to eat it."
A combination of strawberries, whipped cream and pudding inside what looks like a washbasin.
She carries the spoon up to her mouth in rapid succession. Just watching it makes me want heartburn medicine.
Akihito: "Eat that at home. I keep telling you this is not the place for it."
Kagome: "Hmph. You think wearing a dark suit that doesn't fit makes you a big shot in the underworld?"
Izawa: "Tsk. Have fun flirting, you two."
They still don't get along well at all.
Kagome: "You need to train your hoodlum better, Akihito."
Izawa: "Who are you calling a hoodlum!? Besides, he's not the boss of me."
Kagome: "Don't whine. That's why you're just a hoodlum. You get used your whole life until you end up touring the bottom of Takakura Harbor in a metal barrel."
Izawa: "――You will die."
Izawa reaches for his favorite Tokarev.
Kagome: "Hmph, you think you can win with that?"
Their fuses still haven't gotten any shorter.
Tianwen: "That's enough of that, Izawa-kun, Kagome-san."
The Owner――Chai Tianwen is no different from when he was at Izalone. He smiles brightly as his glasses shine.
Akihito: "Oh, welcome. Are you here for your monthly payment?"
Tianwen: "What are you saying? I trust you completely when it comes to business, Akihito-kun."
Tianwen: "I was hoping we might deepen our friendship today."
Akihito: "Sure. I haven't seen you at Izalone in a long time."
Tianwen: "Ideally we'd go back to the home bar in my room since it has just the right mood......"
Akihito: "I'd rather not."
I'd probably love hanging out with him if he wasn't into that.
Tianwen: "By the way, I saw a guest waiting outside."
Akihito: "For me?"
Tianwen: "A cool-headed but tyrannical guy called Gasai-kun. I've got a separate stomach for guys like him."
Akihito: "Aaah, you two, chill out for a sec. I've got a guest."
I turn around to find mad dog Izawa has already been subjugated by the invincible witch. Amen.
He still hasn't learned that he can't win. Izawa doesn't know how to give up.
He is untouched by even the waves of mad heat controlling the area. A threatening lone man, as if a typhoon is raging around him.
I haven't seen Gasai Itsuki in a long time, but he definitely feels even more like an emperor now.
Akihito: "Hey, it's been a while."
Gasai: "Still a clown, I see."
Akihito: "Still a mean-spirited king."
We've been in a tense relationship with Caesar's Legion for a while.
Gasai: "My kingdom will soon be complete."
He suddenly brings that up without hesitation.
Gasai: "So――"
Dark heat fills the ruined space.
Gasai: "Do you wish to remain a bystander? You had the power and the opportunity to obtain your own kingdom. I've even reached out my hand to you."
Akihito: "I'm fine with just being the greedy Shylock. I'm no king."
Gasai: "―――I used to see these parties as an eyesore."
Akihito: "Wow, I think that's the first time I've heard an honest opinion from you."
Gasai: "Fortunately, they were crushed once, but you went out of your way to dig them back out of the rubble."
I feel a decisive difference between me and Gasai.
I understand the true purpose of his visit. He's here to say his goodbyes――
Gasai: "That is no different from drawing a bow against Caesar."
――He came to declare war.
Akihito: "I'm trying to support peace though."
Gasai: "Ideologies aren't a problem. Their scale is. Numbers are power. Power is all I believe in."
Akihito: "We all like our freedom."
Gasai: "Even if the price of freedom is destruction?"
Akihito: "Well, believe it or not, I'm all about the money. I can't really cut down a tree that money's still growing on."
Akihito: "Besides, I'm completely isolated right now. I can't just back down for no reason."
Gasai: "――Understood. But I have thrown down the gauntlet."
Gasai Itsuki turns around after a single steel glance. Not even a handshake.
Gasai: "We will be at war the next time we meet."
The avatar gigs have recovered.
I brought them back. I cut away everything Noiz was involved in, and redirected the gigs toward their true purpose.
Even after what happened, the Coμnet was still hoping for something like the gigs to come back.
They can alleviate their loneliness by gathering together. An opportunity to assert their existence.
Beginner killers and coμ-related crimes once again dwindled.
I was surprised to learn that the Owner had been involved with the gigs for a while.
We became business partners, so we rebuilt our influence as a huge source of gambling revenue.
Of course, I often feel like just a cog bound by my capitalist rights and the city's underworld.
But that's something I need.
I remain connected to my coμ. We will always be prisoners of the dragon.
Izawa's closest to me right now. He seems intent on using me and the Owner to elevate his own status.
Haru's an invaluable partner on nights when I feel especially lonely. A lot's happened, but she's still unshakable.
I'm not sure what's going on with Mayuki. We text each other occasionally, but these days she might as well be an alien.
As for Benio――
I know Miya-san wouldn't like it, but I see her a lot. We eat out a lot. You could say she's my closest friend out of the four.
But she might also be the one who feels most distant to me.
She sometimes looks at me with sad eyes because of my ties to the underworld.
Our group has changed, twisted, and come apart at times.
――But we remain connected.
I don't plan to back down, even if Gasai's thrown down the gauntlet.
I need money.
The reason is right here. A room in Takakura City's largest general hospital.
A white box. A hospital room.Under the white sheets......
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Feeling better?"
Hisoka: "Somewhat."
Akihito: "Good."
Hisoka: "The weather's nice today."
Akihito: "The view's not that great from here though. You can't even see the sky."
Hisoka: "That doesn't matter anymore."
Akihito: "It doesn't?"
Hisoka: "I won't look at the sky anymore."
Akihito: "......why are you glaring at me?"
Hisoka: "I'll only be looking at you from now on, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "......that feels like a threat."
Hisoka: "Stare."
I feel like I might turn to stone.
Akihito: "Soooo, Soejima......"
Her hot gaze defeats me, so I take the small box out of my bag.
I gently take her left hand, as if to avoid hurting her white scar.
Akihito: "Three months of wages......or something close to that."
I put a diamond engagement ring on her finger.
Hisoka: "Marry me."
Akihito: "That's backwards."
Hisoka: "Then you say it."
Akihito: "......please marry me."
Hisoka: "Okay."
Akihito: "That fast!?"
Hisoka: "Does it look good on me?"
Akihito: "Yes, it does."
I close my eyes.
My imagination closes too.
When I open my eyes again, she's back to normal.
A girl sleeping there alone.
Just like five years ago, Soejima Hisoka has fallen into an unending coma.
Her avatar stampeded, and used up all the fuel she could provide. Soejima fell unconscious after it left.
When an avatar stampedes and runs out of power, the connectors always die without waking up.
So you could say she's lucky to still be alive, but that might not mean anything.
――This is my final gamble.
Connectors die without their avatars. But if someone's avatar merely runs out of energy without being destroyed, perhaps there's a slim chance of survival.
One year ago, I clung to that possibility, and waited for Nomad to run out of magic.
This is the result.
Akihito: "So much for miracles."
I had some basis for my hope.
Noiz was still alive when we were fighting in the park.
He chased Soejima there and unsummoned Nomad.
So Nomad didn't vanish because it ran out of fuel.
Noiz did bleed out and die afterward.
What was he trying to do by unsummoning it? We'll never know for sure.
Was he trying to save Soejima......?
Probably not. He most likely just wanted to call the avatar back to him and do something with it before he died――――
I assume it's something boring like that.
I could think of plenty of reasons. Only he will ever know the truth. Maybe even he doesn't know.
But......
I think I'll believe in the nice fairy tale that Noiz wanted to save Soejima.
Connectors are goners once their avatar stampedes, but Nomad was always an extremely special case.
It stampeded because one of its connectors died, but then that connector came back and unsummoned it.
Nothing like that has ever happened before.
With Takatou Nanase's help I asked a lot of people around the Coμnet about it.
Rumors. Precedents. Anecdotes. Pet theories――
After sampling all of those opinions, all I know is that the consensus is pretty grim.
But still, according to the doctors, her brainwaves do change once or twice a month.
Hearing things like that gives me the motivation to keep going. The philosophy of risk and reward is ingrained in my generation.
There is one other thing.
After Nomad disappeared, Sting flew off into the sky.
The world is multi-layered, and we're always complicated.
There's a lot I don't know. The best I can do is keep moving forward, one step at a time, along an uncharted road.
Akihito: "Okay, I'll come again sometime."
The sleeping beauty doesn't answer.
But I'm sure she'll wake up someday. That's all I believe as I chant my usual spell.
Akihito: "――I love you."
The sun sinks on the city. The buildings on the horizon turn into a row of silhouettes. The day is turning around.
Time flows, leaving Soejima behind in her white box.
Akihito: "――"
Kagome's on the other side of the intersection.
The signal turns green. The wave of people surges forth, walking across a previously uninhabited field.
Kagome: "If you're done, let's go home. You'll be late for dinner."
She turns back the way she came as I join her.
Akihito: "Did you come to collect me?"
Kagome: "You require a lot of babysitting, Akihito."
We walk through the lonely sea of people.
Akihito: "Thank you."
Kagome: "If you're lonely, I could hold your hand."
Akihito: "That sounds scary."
Kagome: "You should be more honest."
We walk.
We keep walking.
Things I care about slip through my fingers. There are no miracles in my hands.
There's only the narrow blood-red sky and cold asphalt.
Nothing else.
And yet......
I don't want to stand still.
I keep putting one foot in front of the other across the white footbridge, while still carrying my weakness, my tears, and my freezing heart.
As if a small warmth at my side is dragging me along a path I couldn't walk myself.
We walk.We keep walking.
In order to grasp something we'll only find at our destination.
Next to me is Kagome, who's being just a little bit nicer than usual.
====================HK_37-2　密エンドgood.json====================
It's just part of our lives now. It's as normal as anything else. There's no clear distinction.
I think Benio's the one who said that.
After Benio left the hospital, she moved into a new apartment. I haven't gotten around to visiting her yet. After my promise with Miya-san, it's hard to make myself do it.
For the first time in ages, I'm by myself.I feel freedom――And loneliness.
Living with someone else felt so strange for so long, but I did get used to it. Human feelings are never reliable.
Girl A's probably still singing somewhere.
The biggest change I can think of is that Saturday nights are a bit quieter than before.
There used to be parties. Avatar gigs. Metal demons danced there, giving people insanity, desires, death, and dreams like a series of mirages.
They're gone now.
I walk up the hill.
I've gone up and down this road many times. I will many more times. A wave of people in the same uniform, heading in the same direction. At the top of the hill――
Hisoka: "Good morning."
I'm a little more used to seeing her in uniform now.
Akihito: "Morning."
We walk side by side, as usual.
Akihito: "How are you feeling?"
Hisoka: "Not good, but not bad."
Basically, nothing unusual.
She grabs my left hand. Her fingers are soft and slippery, but have a mysterious power that prevents escape.
Akihito: "......hey, Soejima."
Hisoka: "What?"
Akihito: "Can we avoid doing this on the way to school?"
Hisoka: "You don't like it?"
Akihito: "I do, but I envy your balls of steel."
My glass heart could shatter at any moment.
Hisoka: "You're embarrassed?"
Akihito: "That's the blunt way of saying it."
Hisoka: "Am I not cute?"
Akihito: "That's not it at all."
Hisoka: "You don't think I'm cute."
Akihito: "That's not true."
Hisoka: "You don't think I'm your type."
Akihito: "Huh? What does that even mean?"
Hisoka: "I have no chest, unlike Hinaori-san."
Akihito: "......I'm fine with your size, Soejima."
I finally learn the reason she's acting like this.
Last night on the phone, Kagome whispered something in her ear, and then proceeded to read a short erotic novel aloud to brainwash her.
The conversation appeared to end peacefully, but I had a chilling sensation that something bad had occurred.
――I was right.
Hisoka: "Really?"
Akihito: "Really. Look at my phone. It's in my back pocket."
Soejima takes out my phone and looks at the LCD screen.
Hisoka: "......I'm happy."
My wallpaper is Soejima's face. Her expression doesn't change much, but I can feel it getting more positive.
I'll leave out the fact that I changed it this morning because I expected this.
Ayaya: "Biii! Biii! Mushy couple at twelve o'clock!"
Kagome: "They must be executed."
Dangerous words behind us. Two people climb up the hill behind us.
Ayaya: "Execute! Execute! Execuuute! Uuu! Once bitten twice vengeful~!"
Akihito: "The world would be littered with bodies if people got executed that easily."
Kagome: "That includes the crime of sneaking away to school without me."
Akihito: "You were asleep."
Kagome: "Because I don't wake up without my hot, deep morning kiss."
Ayaya: "D-deep!? Ayayayaya......"
Kagome: "I didn't get it this morning."
Akihito: "You never have!"
Hisoka: "......"
A gaze from my left side. Tension.
Hisoka: "......hu."
A smile of pity. The picture's doing its job. I feel bloodlust from my right side.
Kagome: "......"
She passes by without a word. I heave a sigh of relief, then a bookbag is swung into my chest.
Akihito: "Guoh!?"
Into my solar plexus.
Kagome: "Your fault for walking so slow on a narrow road. Let's go, Brenda."
Ayaya: "I-I must resist the urge to assist thee! Forgive me, Senpai!Waooon!"
Kagome and Ayaya pass by as I writhe in agony. A fearsome anti-couple alliance has formed in the harbor today, with an agenda in writing.
Hisoka: "Jealousy is ugly."
She watches them walk away. The smile of the victor.
......was she always like this? I'm starting to get scared.
Summer's close. The sea breeze and the scent of greenery get stronger everyday. I feel that here more than anywhere else.
I can see the Takakura Suspension Bridge from the park by the river. It burst into flame and fell apart on that day. There's still no solid plans for rebuilding it.
Akihito: "It's been a whole month......"
I ponder about one other smell I remember from that night.――Blood.
Hisoka: "......"
A bouquet of flowers held to her chest. It shakes in the afternoon breeze. I take Soejima's hand, and we walk forward.
A statue of a winged woman. It looks white in the afternoon sunlight.
Soejima crouches down. She puts down the bouquet for a man who died here.――A man I killed.
I can only guess what happened back then.
Noiz's heart stopped, and his connection was severed, so Soejima was Nomad's sole connector for a while.
Thus, it stampeded. The burden of two was forced upon one, and was engulfed by zero.
But after that, that connection was re-established during the stampede――By then, Noiz had been outside of Nomad's radius for a while.
The one that had been lost came back, and zero returned to one. The stampede was forcibly reset.
Then Noiz died for a second time. Once again, Nomad had zero functional connectors. Soejima had been previously expelled, and remained a "leftover."
Noiz's intervention undid the stampede――And that probably saved Soejima from destruction.
The circuit between connector and avatar can never be broken. A trick of fate fooled the coμ system for a brief moment.
The damage she suffered during the stampede was pretty serious. Nonetheless, Soejima is living a normal life now.
I doubt Soejima will ever activate her avatar again. At least, she won't while I'm around.
Hisoka: "Let's compare answers."
Akihito: "Hm?"
Hisoka: "I still don't know why only I'm here."
Five years ago, she lost everything to death and destruction――And she gained a new bond.
But even that has left Soejima now.
Hisoka: "Back then I thought you were the one, Mizuwa-kun. I thought you were there to correct the mistake."
Akihito: "There never was a mistake."
I hold her from behind. A cold body with hard bones. Her fragility is endearing.
Akihito: "There is no answer. No one has one for you."
I look up at the inorganic monument. The angel says nothing.
There is no answer, even when we reach the end of our road.
Hisoka: "Is it all right for me to be here?"
Akihito: "――"
Hisoka: "If no one has an answer, then I want you to decide, Mizuwa-kun."
Her eyes used to look only at the sky, but now they only look at me. I take a deep breath.
Akihito: "I need you, Soejima, so――"
At that moment......
The bushes rustle behind the monument. Something leaps out from behind the statue.
Man: "Nomad-taaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!!"
A rabid scream. He directs something toward us――――
It's sharp.
A gun――――A crossbow?A modified mail-order――――
Images and words rush through my mind.
Directly in front of Soejima. The man might've been laughing, or he might've been crying.
The tip of unavoidable death touches Soejima's chest.
A death with no meaning. A sudden finale.
The human body turns to stone when faced with the jaws of fate. That sensation connects to an old memory.
His finger pushes on the trigger. It burns into my eyes in slow motion.――Just like back then.
The arrow released――My knife unsheathed.Soejima can't move――My mother can't move.
Akihito: "――――"
An emotion I'd kept locked away pours out. Part of me has always blamed myself for what happened. The truth is, I never hated the killer.
Why?
――――Why couldn't I have died in her place?
So――
Even after I paid for her life with his, the regret continued smoldering.
The dead husks of feelings. They've been rotting at the bottom of my heart, producing intense heat. That heat just barely manages to make my stone body move.
Akihito: "Soejima――――!"
I leap into the line of fire.
At the same time, the metal spring expands.
I have to be her shield. That's the only choice I know of.
A silver light fills my vision. Sharp pain runs through me.
Akihito: "Aaah, I thought I was dead."
Kagome: "You're like a cockroach, Akihito."
Benio: "Thank goodness."
Izawa: "By the way, I'm not dead either."
Haru: "So we'll have to deal with you a while longer."
Mayuki: "Now then, let's continue."
May. The rainy season. Almost time to switch to the summer uniform.
Roll call fills the classroom. Names and answers. Back and forth. Like a harmonious song.
Teacher: "Mizuwa――?"
The rhythm ends. The cogs stop turning. The disturber of the harmony is stabbed by several gazes.
Hisoka: "Sensei."
A hand rises one seat in front of me.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun cannot answer because he's asleep. Please skip to the next student."
My accomplice confesses with zero malice.
Teacher: "......Mizuwa, hallway. Go wake yourself up."
Akihito: "'Kay."
Hisoka: "Sensei."
Teacher: "......yes, yes, you go too, Soejima."
Explosive laughter. A black uniform stands up, freezing that calm atmosphere in an instant.
Kagome: "I'll go too."
Akihito: "Why?"
Kagome: "Trade secret."
Akihito: "Huh!?"
Hisoka: "Impure."
Kagome: "I just need a reason to stand out there."
Kagome looks at me. I think I know what she's about to do with her clenched right hand.
Akihito: "Wait, I just got out of the hospital. My wounds haven't completely......"
Kagome: "......"
A murderess seeking a sacrifice. That's what her gaze reminds me of――
Takahashi: "Wait, me!?"
Takahashi: "Ndoooo!?"
Kagome's uppercut explosion. The sacrificial goat flies into space. The world is never fair.
We escape to the roof before Kagome follows. The sky is blue today.
There's no end to it, and no boundaries. After all that's happened, only we're still here.
Even after everyone in the Wolf Pack died and Soejima's personal information was leaked to the internet, we're still alive. It caught up to us like a curse.
My left arm still aches, having only recently healed. The arrow I took back then was a warning to ensure I never forget.And――
This time, I protected her.
――I have that achievement.
Hisoka: "I'm still scared. It doesn't feel real."
She looks up at the blue sky, and holds down the scar, the past on her wrist.
Akihito: "That's fine for now."
Terror. Despair. Regret. Things like hope. We share all of those.
The two of us lie down on the roof and look up at the clouds. The sunlight is so white and bright, it's scary.
Akihito: "......Soejima?"
The sleeping beauty's face. No answer.
Akihito: "She's asleep......?"
Someday, she'll fall asleep and never wake up again.
That thought makes me shake a little. A coma five years in her past. A brain damaged only recently.
As if to wipe away that fear――I kiss her white cheek.
Hisoka: "......"
She picks up on my fear, and her eyebrows quiver like a butterfly's antennae. Eyes as blue as the sky reflect my face.
Her lips move. A whisper lost in the wind. They form a prayer, not words.
Hisoka: "――I love you."
====================T0003：小さな変化_0602.json====================
Akihito: "If――――"
Akihito: "If I was a prince――――"
A dream I had when I was little. A beautiful, transient fairy tale I forgot a long, long time ago.
Kagome: "............who are you?"
Akihito: "I am............"
That's how it always begins.
A kind king and a beautiful princess live in a shining castle on a hill.The prince's kiss breaks the evil witch's spell.A knight in shining armor slays the black dragon.
The final line is an old cliche.They all lived happily ever after.
Sometimes I really want to believe in one of those impossible fairy tales.
In the end, a small, weak coward got lost and ran around like a headless chicken, unable to make any progress. Nothing more.
It all started when I lost her.Her death was so sudden I couldn't accept it.
I wanted a reason.I needed a meaning.I hated how pointless it was.
Nothing ever gave me an answer, but everything got in my way.
My dad, my school, society, laws, common sense, all sorts of things.
―――I felt betrayed.
In reality, no one was at fault. Accepting these things is a part of life. If you always let them shake you, you'll turn into a monster.
There are many things that can't be helped. The world can't move faster than light. People can't fly through the sky.
As a child, I couldn't tell the difference. I believed I'd been betrayed.
And that only actions and power could change the world.
Change always comes suddenly.It's nice when it gives some warning signs, but most of the time it slams into the back of your head and laughs at you.
On that day, change came after dinner.
Benio: "I checked out the shopping district on the way home today, and they had some good amberjack, so I made some teriyaki."
I'm getting used to our new lifestyle. Kagome's always been in charge of dinner, but nowadays she has an apprentice. And this girl is much better suited to domestic tasks.
Benio evacuated to my place during the incident with Jack the Ripper. That's been resolved now, but her old apartment is still rubble.
She's currently looking for a new place. We agreed to let her stay until she finds one, but it's unclear how long that will take.
Akihito: "You're really good at cooking, Benio."
It used to be just me and Kagome, but now Benio eats dinner with us too. Living is synonymous with changing. The dining table changes too.――That was terrible philosophy.
Benio: "Yeah, yeah, I'm a very domestic ally of justice."
Kagome: "All humans have just one skill, no matter how degenerate they are."
Akihito: "Just one?"
Benio: "You mean I have nothing else!?"
Benio: "Stop mocking me. I can also sew and knit and do first aid and clean altars and all sorts of other home economic activities!"
Akihito: "I'm not sure first aid counts as home ec."
Kagome: "You don't have a single skill that'd be useful for an ally of justice, so you can be an ally of the household at best."
Benio: "G-gowa......!"
Tears form in her eyes. She dug her own grave. Benio likes doing that almost as much as she likes justice. She's got a long way to go before she can be a true hero.
Akihito: "An ally of the household......that does seem important."
Akihito: "You'd probably be around a level three."
Benio: "How high is three?Two away from a transforming hero?"
Kagome: "It means you can only hope to defeat insects in the kitchen."
Benio: "............that's it?"
Akihito: "That seems pretty strong."
At some point Kagome and Benio learned how to have actual conversations with each other. Human adaptation can't be underestimated. Thus, our dinners are more chatty nowadays.
After dinner, someone mashes the intercom. Since this is an apartment building with an autolock on the front door, our rude visitor is in the ground floor lobby.
Akihito: "They're supposed to turn away any solicitors here......"
The manager does a lot for us.
Benio: "Do paper boys ever ring the doorbell sixteen times?"
Akihito: "I don't know of any that weird."
Kagome: "I'll get rid of him."
Kagome summons her beloved Tarou-kun (a kukri knife) from nowhere in particular.
Akihito: "......by the way, where do you hide those things?"
Kagome: "Girls have many secrets."
Uwa, that line doesn't work for you.
Kagome: "I can summon him, Sakurako-san, or Sanrou-kun within a millisecond."
Akihito: "......do you have your own dimension or something?"
Kagome: "Tarou-kun will suffice for erasing a nuisance."
Akihito: "That's a felony, you know."
Seeking a peaceful resolution, I answer the intercom.
Akihito: "......who's there?"
My voice sounds aggravated, since this person is interrupting our post-dinner relaxation time.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san!"
Akihito: "......Mayuki? Is that you? What are you doing here? You should've called if you were gonna visit us."
Mayuki: "It's an emergency!"
Mayuki: "A monster appeared on the highway! I ran here as fast as I could!!"
Akihito: "M-......monster!? You don't mean......?"
Mayuki: "I don't. That was a joke."
Akihito: "......good night, then."
Mayuki: "Nooo, waaait, please waiiit~"
For now, I let Mayuki come upstairs so we can ask her what's going on.
Mayuki: "Actually, some fangirls showed up at my place."
Benio: "That sounds kinda fun. What were they fans of?"
Mayuki: "Not the fun kind. They were like a mix of stalker and those little black things that run around and hide in the kitchen."
Akihito: "What does that mean?"
Mayuki: "All right, I shall explain."
I've come to realize that Mayuki really likes explaining things.
Mayuki: "Simply put, these stalker fangirls are exceptionally passionate fans that also have the disposition of a stalker."
Mayuki: "They typically embrace delusions no normal human can understand, possess enviably high confidence without any real reason, and will pounce on the person they revere without any concern for what they actually want――"
Mayuki: "That is what I am up against!!"
Akihito: "......can I just assume these are really irritating stalkers?"
I feel more confused than before.
Mayuki: "That's seventy percent fine."
Mayuki: "Lately they've been appearing more often, and causing all sorts of problems. They're a pain to deal with and kinda creepy, so......
Mayuki-san had an idea. If I went into hiding for a while, they might stop coming after me."
I stand up and head to the sink to wash the dishes.
Mayuki: "I think it's rude to walk away in the middle of a conversation."
Akihito: "......I can't imagine this going anywhere good, Mayuki-kun."
Mayuki's coke bottle glasses glint sharply under the fluorescent light.
Mayuki: "Well done, Akihito-san. At least your intuition works properly."
Kagome: "You must know Akihito well. As you implied, the rest of him doesn't work at all."
Akihito: "......you're supposed to be on my side, childhood friend."
A lightbulb appears over Benio's head.
Benio: "I get it! If she stayed with Akihito for a while――"
As usual, the ally of justice says something she shouldn't.
Mayuki: "Exactly right, Benio-san. You're like friendship and mutual assistance incarnate. You deserve an extra life."
Benio: "Eheheh, it's not that big a deal."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Mayuki: "So there you have it, Akihito-san!"
She clings to my pants.
Akihito: "I didn't agree to anything."
Mayuki: "You'll be helping an adorable girl."
Akihito: "I'm not a lolicon......"
I dunno if I'd call her adorable anyway.
Mayuki: "You said you were a feminist."
Benio: "Don't treat her differently because of her age."
Kagome: "Akihito, they know you're a fraud now."
Akihito: "Uu......why are you taking her side too......?"
Kagome normally doesn't let any strangers enter her territory.
Kagome: "We already have one chestless freeloader. Adding more every day or two won't change anything."
Akihito: "This is just to annoy me, isn't it?"
Mayuki: "You get to live under the same roof as a bunch of girls. All men want their own little eroge-style harem, Akihito-san."
I look around.A witch.An ally of justice.A four-eyed frog.
I doubt anything exciting will happen.
Akihito: "......it wouldn't feel right to chase her out now, and I'm fine with her staying for today. You just need to wait until those stalkers go away, right?"
Mayuki: "Oooh, that's our leader! You truly are Mister Gentleman!"
Akihito: "Uwaaa, I don't like that name."
Mayuki: "But you're right about the stalkers. If they weren't there, I wouldn't be charging into the lion's den like this......"
Akihito: "Would you like to sleep outside tonight, Mayuki-kun?"
Mayuki: "No, no, I trust Gentleman-sama."
Mayuki lowers her head, abandoning all pride.
Benio: "So......what do we do about them?"
Kagome: "I'll handle this."
Akihito: "......you always handle things by committing crimes."
The witch isn't equipped with the common sense to tell moral from immoral.
Akihito: "I'll go talk to these "stalkers" tomorrow and get them to leave."
Mayuki: "It'd be a huge help if you could actually do that............but those people are tough."
Benio: "As in, they know martial arts?"
Mayuki: "They won't listen to anything anyone says."
Kagome: "Just like Akihito. He always gets into trouble because he won't listen to me."
Akihito: "......you be quiet."
Akihito: "I can handle people who don't listen. Let me take care of it. I've dealt with these types more times than I can count."
Like Kagome, Kagome, Kagome, and Kagome.And Izawa.
Mayuki: "......if you say so."
Akihito: "That aside, are your parents okay with you staying here on such short notice?"
Mayuki: "I live alone."
Benio: "Eeeh?"
Kagome: "Hmmm."
Akihito: "At your age? That's unusual."
Mayuki: "It's good to learn independence at a young age."
Akihito: "Isn't that kinda dangerous? I'm surprised your parents allow it."
Mayuki: "Actually, I have to live alone for a while because of complicated issues with inheritance."
Benio: "Eeeh? Stuff like that actually happens!?"
Mayuki: "No, I'm lying."
Benio: "R-right......"
She's distracting us from the real answer. No doubt there's a good reason why she's not living with her parents.
Mayuki: "If anything bad happens, I can just use Babylon."
Akihito: "You're not Izawa. Don't start avatar fights in the middle of the city."
In the end, Mayuki stays here. Since it's only for a few days, she and Benio share my dad's room.
............it turned out to be a lot longer than that.
There were three people here this morning, and now there are four.
Akihito: "Uuou!"
For some reason I imagine a small country losing more and more of its territory every time treaties get renegotiated.
Benio: "Fud mworming......"
Mayuki: "Good morning."
Benio collapses on the sofa like a soft-bodied mollusk. She's not a morning person.
Kagome: "You're awake, Akihito? Let's have breakfast."
Kagome continues wearing nothing but a shirt, even when other girls are around. Her long hair flutters as she heads toward the kitchen.
Benio: "......eros."
Mayuki: "......eros."
Akihito: "Why are you glaring at me!?"
Benio: "Hinaori-san's always dressed like that. What do you think about it, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "I'm Mayuki.But it does seem like a lascivious secret is hidden here."
Akihito: "There isn't."
Mayuki: "That aside, Akihito-san, can I borrow your computer?"
Akihito: "Sure. Do you need any help with it?"
Mayuki: "I'm a modern girl dependent on the internet, so I'll be fine. If I don't access the internet at least once every twelve hours, I start suffering from withdrawal and hyperventilate."
Akihito: "I kinda wanna see that."
Mayuki turns it on and fiddles with the mouse. She swims through the electronic sea with impressive ease.
Kagome: "Akihito."
Akihito: "Okay, I'll set the table."
Our breakfast is even livelier than yesterday with a fourth person.
Akihito: "This is your home address, right, Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "Yes, but are you sure I shouldn't come along......?"
Akihito: "They're like stalkers, right? They might be harder to reason with if you're around. I'll just go on the way back from school."
Mayuki: "U-umm......please don't involve the police......"
She looks down, and sounds unusually serious. There's definitely something going on.
Akihito: "Okay, I won't."
On the way back from school――
I find Mayuki's apartment at the address she gave me. It's an old place, not fitting for a young girl living by herself.
The stalkers should be around here somewhere. I don't know if persuasion will work on people like that. First I need to know who I'm dealing with.
====================T0005：メイドの日_0601.json====================: "Once again she sings all by herself.": "Looking down on this city from a place no one knows."
We're a coμ. We were brought together one day without warning, and now our lives are one.
There's no way to sever our invisible bond. The only choice we can make is how to cope with it.
It's a pain being connected to people I've never met before, but the biggest problem is that the songstress left us to fend for ourselves.
We were given a steel monster without any reason or purpose. Since we have nowhere to swing our fists, an incurable frustration builds in our chests.
――――And yet......
Every day we find ourselves scrambling to deal with smaller problems, in a city that's almost forgotten its fairy tales.
Kagome: "Now, let the fairy tale begin."
On the way home from Mayuki's place, I stop at a street corner and look up at the sky.
I haven't seen that nameless singer since the night she connected us to our avatar.
Tonight, Girl A sings once again atop a glass building.
She'll probably still be doing it tomorrow.
Benio: "Welcome back. How was Mayu-Mayu's place?"
Akihito: "......don't ask. There were demons there."
Two female stalkers. The battle went poorly, nothing was gained, so I made a tactical retreat to cut my losses.
It's not possible to communicate with them. Their inability to comprehend language makes it difficult to call them human.
They said they need to live with Mayuki.
They gave some reasons, but I couldn't understand them at all.
Akihito: "It's hopeless. They're worse than stalkers. We need to think of something else......"
Ayaya: "Day of the maid......!"
My living room is full of maids for some reason.
Akihito: "It's not day of the maid."
Haru: "Huh? I thought I texted you."
Akihito: "You did? Ah, wait......"
I do remember getting a text from Haru on the way back from school. It had a picture of a maid outfit.
I had no idea what that meant, so I showed it to Ayaya. She started dancing with glee.
Then I quickly put my phone away so she would stop making a fool of herself, and I went to Mayuki's place.
When I said goodbye to Ayaya――
Ayaya: "I'll come to your place later!"
Ayaya: "You're late, Senpai."
Akihito: "You're early."
Ayaya came here while I was facing off against the stalkers.
Akihito: "So, what exactly is this?"
Haru: "The cafe I work at changed uniforms recently, so they let me have some of the old ones."
Haru: "I wanted to get everyone else to wear them, but I wasn't sure where to do that......so we all came here."
Akihito: "My apartment is your first choice for cosplay?"
Fake maids born from borrowed clothes. There's four of them, counting the boss.
Benio: "How do we look? I think these are pretty good on us."
Mayuki: "Mine is a little off. It feels like someone who doesn't understand moe culture tried too hard and ruined it."
Ayaya: "You're cute too, Mayuki-chan~"
Everyone's enjoying this. Kagome and I look at them in a daze, like a dog that's half-asleep.
Akihito: "............"
I do my best to stay cool, but this is a strange sensation. My heart's pounding.
Ayaya: "How is it, Senpai?"
Remain calm. Act natural.
Akihito: "Hmm, I think they really bring out the best in each of you."
Kagome: "............cretin."
I think that was a safe, inoffensive answer, but Kagome seems to be glaring at me.
But these warm waves are beating against the depths of my soul. Beautiful words like "frilly," "master" and "service" hold great power over men.
Haru: "Such a safe answer. Just be honest and say you want to pounce on all of their plump hips."
That's way too honest.
Ayaya: "Senpai, Ayaya thinks that as a man you should be more turned on by this frilly cosplay tournament!"
Mayuki: "Maybe just wearing the outfit isn't enough?"
Mayuki: "Female clothing has often had many frills throughout history, and that's thought to be because ancient male hunting instincts cause them to react to small movements, even of clothing."
Ayaya: "You mean we need something even frillier!?"
Mayuki: "No, I'm lying."
Benio: "You won't fool me next time!"
Ayaya: "Senpa-......I mean, Master~ Please enjoy maid Ayaya to the fullest~"
All four of them are wonderful in their own unique way.
Haru, the erotic maid, has an incredible amount of raw power shaking up and down.
Ayaya is both cute and seductive, along with large breasts for her otherwise compact body.
Benio normally feels casual, but her lack of curvature now looks very clean and refined.
And last but not least, the tiny, adorable Mayuki. Certain people would fall in love with her at first sight. Her glasses kinda ruin it though.
Crap, if I lose to my lust here, my public image as a gentleman will be shattered......I can handle this. I must endure.
Kagome: "Hmph............"
Akihito: "Uuouu!"
A poisonous snake coils up in one corner of the maid paradise. Some creatures don't like boisterous events no matter how accustomed to humans they are. Like Kagome.
Ayaya: "This would be a lot more fun if the audience was drooling over us~ Should we have brought some other men?"
Benio: "Would bringing Izawa be a good idea? Hmm, I have no idea how he'd react to this."
Haru: "Izawa......wouldn't it be more fun to have him wear this?"
Mayuki: "That's a brilliant idea."
Izawa in a maid outfit......I try imagining it.
Izawa: "Master......Izawa is your loyal maid......"
Akihito: "............!!"
That actually works. Am I in danger of straying from the path?
Mayuki: "Ah, your face says it'd work."
Benio: "It would!?"
Akihito: "Wait, wait! I was just imagining it for curiosity's sake!"
Haru: "Imagining Akihito and Izawacchi all alone."
Ayaya: "You were just pretending to like women all along!?"
Akihito: "No! No! No! I'm not like that at all! Absolutely not! I like girls! Boobs and butts are the greatest! Panties are amazing! Especially the insides!"
慌ててあらぬことを口走る。I freak out and say stupid things.
Kagome: "......are there more?"
Kagome gets up on one knee.
Akihito: "Uhi!?"
Everyone steps back in terror.
Ayaya: "Ummm......Hinaori-senpai, more of what......?"
Kagome: "Those frilly clothes."
Benio: "..................you wanna wear one?"
Kagome: "Flat chest, go peel potatoes or something. I'll show you what a real cosplay looks like......!"
Akihito: "Really!?"
And thus, the poisonous snake transforms into a maid.
Kagome: "How is this, master?"
Akihito: "......gulp."
Kagome: "Veni, vidi, vici."
Akihito: "......I am in awe."
The perfect superhuman remains invincible even as a maid.
Even her long black hair fits the uniform perfectly. She's acting more like an empress than a maid, but she's so invincible that it doesn't even matter.
Benio: "Changing costumes was a bad idea......a very bad idea......"
Haru: "Uuu......this is tight. I feel like my breasts are going to pop out."
Some of the others start swapping costumes.
Benio starts crying after trying on Haru's uniform. There's enough space around her chest to store food for the winter.
Haru has half-succeeded in getting into Benio's outfit. Her chest is compressed to a shocking 30% of its normal volume.
Mayuki: "This is even worse than the other one."
Ayaya: "Oooooh!? This feels strangely new!!"
Mayuki and Ayaya are having a very interesting swap. Mayuki's new outfit is baggy, with her sleeves hanging to the floor. Certain people would faint upon seeing this.
On the other hand, Ayaya's discovering new possibilities with this smaller outfit. Her waist looks much tighter and her chest stands out even more.
Kagome: "So, master, which maid is the best?"
Akihito: "I'm not worthy of making that decision......"
Ayaya: "Nooo! You're our only customer today, master, so you have to decide!"
Benio: "Th-there's so much space around my chest......cup size isn't important, right......?"
Haru: "It is only because women love to measure who's better or worse. O-Haru-san does want to win though, so she'll take her bra off now."
Mayuki: "I've seen a filthy side of adulthood. Men are drawn to purity and grace, you know. This battle is a foregone conclusion."
They're drawing closer. At this point war will break out no matter who I give the prize to.
Groups are managed through communication and cooperation. To prevent conflict, you need to be able to make decisions that take many people's wants and needs into account.
Akihito: "U-ummm......I'm gonna go with my mental image of Izawa......"
I suppress my embarrassment and choose the optimal compromise.
Ayaya: "So you were just pretending!?"
Reality is far more merciless than I expected.
Mayuki: "Oh-ho......if I wrote about this on the right forums, then I'd get a tremendous response......"
Benio: "Akihito...y-you're not really......f-filthy......animal......inhuman......!"
Akihito: "Wait a minute. This isn't about who I like romantically, it's about who looks best in those outfits. I'm not basing my decision on anything else."
I justify myself with intense passion.
Haru: "So we should make you wear this too."
Akihito: "Oh!?"
The erotic maid says something ridiculous. All the female eyes in the room glimmer for a moment.
Ayaya: "That's it!!"
Akihito: "No it's not!!"
Benio: "Woooow......so you want to join us."
Akihito: "I don't want to! No, stop! Let go of me and you'll have a happy, fulfilling life!"
Mayuki: "Do you think you can lie your way out of this when we're mad at you for lying?"
Akihito: "What!? Kagome, help me!!"
Kagome: "My interest has piqued......Akihito, don the frills."
Akihito: "No friiiiiiills!!"
They grab my arms and legs and strip off my clothes. The maid outfit approaches me, like the shell of a demon.
I can hear the abominable sounds of frilly clothes ruffling. My mind fills with blasphemous images no matter how hard I try to stop it.
I won't survive this. What happens next is too terrifying for me to record.
No!Not a garter belt!Aaah, I'm becoming a maid!Noooooo!
――All is over, returning to the sea of chaos from whence it came.
Haru and Ayaya went home, so my living room is peaceful now. After being violated, I made some strong tea to sip on like an old person.
Uuu......
Mayuki: "So you didn't get very far with the stalkers, did you?"
Akihito: "......huu, I've learned there are many things in the world I'm powerless against."
I've been learning a lot of things today. For better and for worse.
Kagome: "You're growing up, Akihito."
I really don't like this.
Benio: "Then what are we going to do, Mayu-Mayu?"
Akihito: "......it's safest if she doesn't go back for a while."
It's the only choice. If I let her go home and something happened, I wouldn't be able to sleep at night.
Mayuki: "I am in awe of your gentlemanly generosity."
Akihito: "......yeah, but you are going home once this dies down."
Kagome: "......"
Kagome stands up, having lost interest. Then one of her feet slips.
Akihito: "!?"
I freak out. Kagome slipping is about as unlikely as spears raining down from the sky.
I quickly reach out and catch her from behind. I feel like I've been drawn into a bad joke of some kind. Kagome's face lights up.
Akihito: "Wh-what happened......?"
Kagome: "I seem to have a cold. I'm staggering. My head hurts. I might have a fever. Now carry your suffering childhood friend to the bed."
Benio: "A cold?"
Mayuki: "Hell is freezing over."
She's not the devil!
Kagome: "Why are you getting angry?"
Akihito: "......it's nothing."
Per Her Highness' orders, I clear the bed. I can't force Kagome to go back to her apartment like this.
I sleep on the sofa that night.
―――Apparently even the witch is human.
I learned a lot of things today. For better and for worse.
====================T0010：虎よ、虎よ01_0601.json====================
Suke-san: "Kano Kono Radio! This program is brought to you by the Kano Kono Pro-...Produc――! ......aaah, I messed that up."
Kaku-san: "Come on......you're better than that. At least get the very first line right."
Suke-san: "Sorry, I'm really tense today for some reason."
Heartfelt voices flow through the car as it drives at high speed.
These days it's popular to digitize your favorite songs and walk around with them in your pocket, but he has no interest in that.
He just picked a random station to break up the unbearable silence with sweet, guiding voices.
Suke-san: "Good afternoon. I'm Mizunosegawa Touko."
Kaku-san: "And I'm Kakuda Miyabu."
Suke-san: "Now then, did you hear they finally announced it? For a while I was seriously wondering if it'd go that way."
He didn't care what it was, as long as it drowned out the depressing sound of the car. All sounds enter him the same way. Inharmonious, white, fossilized noise.
Fukawa Arima is crossing the north central highway that cuts through Takakura City. He's driving home from work.
The clouds are thick tonight, without a star in sight, as if it might rain at any moment.
The city feels dark and heavy tonight. His old wounds ache more than usual.
Fukawa: "......"
Arima's colleagues have praised him for always being nice and friendly.
But he's not really nice. He's just shallow. He feels no attachment to anything, so it's easy for him to act nice. 
Fukawa Arima has no dreams.
He did once. There was a time when unattainable fantasies filled his mind.
Dreams. Hopes. Wishes for the future. Strong rays of light that burn if he reflects upon them.
But Fukawa's castle now lies in ruins. The glimmer has passed away, leaving only a tall heap of rubble.
Thus, the whole world lost its color.
The voices from the radio show and the cityscape outside feel just as unreal as the bits of static in his car's GPS screen.
Everything disappeared that day.
Five years ago―――The seven terrible days that brought about this gray kingdom.
Suke-san: "Actually, Kaku-chan, listen to this. I might have turned over a new leaf."
Kaku-san: "What are you talking about?"
Suke-san: "What's your problem? ......you sound bored."
Kaku-san: "No, it's not that. I'm interested. Now what did you mean?"
His vivid memories reject oblivion, remaining forever in his mind. A bloody brand that all residents of this city possess.
It tore through the city, stealing the lives of those who lived there, and changing the fates of those who survived.
A series of terrorist attacks by a religious cult. It took away everything it touched, like a raging storm. Tidal waves of indiscriminate malice.
The first night. The first attack.Arima's wife and four-year old daughter died that day.
His daughter's birthday was only two days away. He got the call on the train ride home.
After that first night dawned――
The next few days were mayhem. With his wife and child reduced to corpses, Fukawa was little different. His heart died with them.
After his heart died, his body was no longer alive.
It's been five years since then. Fukawa has continued to live, while remaining dead.
He ruminated on the pain. He relived the despair. He lost all hope.Every day, he wakes up to a gray world, and when he returns to sleep, he travels back to that day.
Fukawa lives, unable to find even a delusion of the paradise he lost.
He went up to the roof of his apartment building and thought about simply putting an end to it many times.
From a bird's-eye view, most of the city's wounds have healed. However......
The invisible scars still run deep. If you touch them, blood will still gush out from under the scabs.
He could never bring himself to take that last step. He's lost count of how many times he broke down in tears against the fence surrounding that roof.
He fears death, but not because of the pain.He doesn't believe it would offer any salvation.
He remembers the two coffins being carried into the crematorium.He can still see them being swallowed up by the furnace.
What emerged from the other side was no longer humanoid.Just small white pieces. Traces of what was once a person.
No matter how many of them he put together, he'd never be able to smile again. It was as if one of the pieces had been lost forever.
What was missing? What gave them that warmth, that life they once had? Where did it go?
He didn't know.He still doesn't know.
That's why Fukawa is still alive, and still dead, five years after the fact.It's almost comical.
Suke-san: "Now for our next letter――Ummm, someone from Takakura City whose pen name I can't say aloud."
Suke-san: "Eeeh? Suke-san, Kaku-san, good mordayvning!"
Kaku-san: "Good mordayvning."
Suke-san: "I have some wonderful news for you today. You might not believe me, but......"
Suke-san: "There are monsters appearing all over Takakura City every single night!"
Kaku-san: "I don't believe him."
Suke-san: "Well said, Kaku-chan."
Suke-san: "......but they aren't laser-breathing iguanas or flying seals or anything like that. The rumors say it's a black dragon bigger than a truck."
Kaku-san: "Hmmm, that sounds more plausible, at least."
Outside, the street lights fly past at a hundred kilometers an hour.He prays as he robotically steers the car.
He begs the darkness behind the clouds for salvation that will never come.
Even after five years of purgatory, Fukawa still can't leave this sad, cursed land.
He used to have great ambitions and shining dreams, but they've all been replaced by pain, loss, and scars that won't heal.
And yet......
This place......this pain......These are the only things connecting Fukawa to what he once had.
He's been living and dying for so long he no longer dreams, but he still yearns for his past.
Tonight was the same as usual. Fukawa heads back to his empty apartment for yet another agonizing night of painful dreams.
　　　　　　　　　But he never arrived.
He only has five seconds left――An ending of darkness has been laid out exactly five seconds into his future.
Without warning, a shadow stands falls from the sky into Fukawa's lane. It's two hundred meters long. At his speed, he'll collide with it in a few seconds.
After a single breath, that darkness reaches out and picks up the car in front of him.
Fukawa: "――!?"
The 4WD's headlights fly up in the air, helping the street lights to illuminate the darkness.
He can see it clearly.
A sharpened, polished arm. Like a stone pillar.Like a metal fang. A bluish black giant.
The moment he saw that giant of darkness, he felt instinctive terror.
The 4WD is flying through the air. It's not on the highway where it should be. The giant tossed it up effortlessly.
His scream is barely audible. His breath is hoarse. That shout of despair breaks through his gray heart using the fear of death.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The bluish black giant howls with a jaw of steel.
It holds up its left arm. The sharpened tip is more like a lance than an arm. An enormous instrument of death, resembling a small missile.
Fukawa madly slams on the brakes and turns as hard as he can.
His car swerves wildly like an unruly horse.He'll be at the giant's feet in only a few seconds.The tragedy will occur even sooner.
The car behind him swerves to the left, colliding with a white car driving the other way.
And before the impact knocks them off the road, a third car slams in from behind.
Yet more cars join the pile.Accidents beget further accidents, spreading like a plague.
The cars crash, spin and flip like balls on a billiard table.But Fukawa didn't die from that untimely accident.
The giant's left arm reaches out.
The bluish black tip skewers its victims.It runs through a minivan in midair, pierces clean through a burning sedan, and stabs a rolling truck.
That arm is more like a whip than a lance.
After devouring all three vehicles in an instance, it stretches out in search of more prey.
A lance of liquid metal. The giant's claws combine the flexibility of a whip with the toughness of steel.
It extends a few dozen meters, moves around like a snake, and mows down all in its path.
After the seventh vehicle, something explodes.One of the cars' fuel tanks caught fire.
Fukawa hasn't been stabbed yet. He continues living and dying as he watches all the cars around him get torn apart.
Two more seconds.
He's right under it now.
The giant's legs tower before him, like the thick pillars at a Buddhist temple. He's been turning the wheel and pressing on the brake, but it's not enough. The car loses traction and starts spinning.
Inertia guides him toward the blue giant.A beast of death that jumped down from the darkness.
One more second.
Fukawa looks up at it through his windshield.
A single eye gleams bright red. Fangs appear before his eyes. The scattered lights of the city glow behind it as it raises its long right arm.
Zero seconds――
The metal hammer descends.
At that moment Fukawa felt terror, not relief.
The man who spend five years living and dying was crushed without a scream.
The fires rise up.
Ten vehicles torn apart by the lance of death, and twenty entangled in a massive pileup.
The barbarian howls in the center of them, on his throne of fire.Its iron jaw grates, and its steel throat rumbles.
As if taking pride in its new dominion.As if praying for a savior that has yet to come.
Countless crimson tongues lick the pitch black sky.
====================T0020：時はまってくれない_0602.json====================: "Where do you want to go?"
Akihito: "I'm not sure......"
The school is calm yet noisy. Familiar faces and voices enter the classroom.
After class, we head out into the hallway.
Takahashi: "Mizuwa, do you wanna try it?"
Takahashi comes over to me, smirking and holding out a piece of paper.
Akihito: "Again with the gambling? What is it this time? "Most likely gorgeous yuri couple to get cursed?""
Takahashi: "I'd never go for something with that little mass appeal."
He laughs, shaking his pot belly.
Akihito: "Really? The one about beautiful Senpais no one wants as a girlfriend was you, wasn't it?"
Takahashi: "Given the news lately, I should probably go with serial killers that were never caught or the fate of Jack the Ripper or something."
Akihito: "Bu!"
The milk I was drinking flies out the window.
Akihito: "Some of it's in my nose......"
Takahashi: "That's filthy."
Akihito: "Don't start polling people about mass murderers."
Takahashi: "Hm? That's not like you, Mizuwa. Why are you talking like an honors student?"
Akihito: "I'm not. That's just a horrific subject."
Especially for me.
I fought Jack the Ripper to the death, and finished him off with my own hands. The memories aren't even that old yet.
Takahashi: "I guess it is gory."
Takahashi folds his arms and thinks.
I lean against the windowsill and look down at the courtyard. The clouds drift by like weeds floating on water. The wind carries the smell of an early summer.
Akihito: "It's peaceful today."
I almost feel like this peace will go on forever.
Jack the Ripper. No one knows who started calling him that, but he was a serial killer who painted our city red. One day, the killings suddenly stopped.
――What happened to him?
It all remains a mystery, leaving a lingering unease over the city.
Babylon defeated the monster who tried to break the world.
Only those in the Coμnet know that truth.
――Babylon's Coμ.
We never publicly introduced ourselves, but that's what the Coμnet has been calling us.
An ally of justice. A four eyed frog. A faux maid. A ruffian. A witch.And a harmless clown. We had no friendship, trust, or unity.
The Jack the Ripper incident changed that.Five bullets that used to be flying in different directions.
That night, for the first time, we accepted our situation and went on the attack together.
For better or for worse, that changed us.And this city.
Today is one of our biweekly meetings. Sometimes we have stuff to talk about and sometimes we don't, but every couple of days we get together and kill some time.
Haru: "I see, so Mayu-Mayu's been staying with Akihito."
Mayuki: "It's so hard, wanting to go home even though I can't."
She squirms, acting like she's about to cry.
Akihito: "Go home already."
Kagome: "......"
Benio: "Taking a break is important at times like these! Aaah, I've blown off so much stress tonight."
Izawa: "Are you going back in? If you like singing that much, you might as well keep at it until you start vomiting blood."
I look up at the sky.There's no moon. Just hazy clouds.
The night air flowing over the footbridge is faintly moist. It might rain tomorrow.
Haru: "O-Haru-san was hoping for more beer than that. It really should be a requirement."
Benio: "Maybe we should go somewhere else next time. They didn't have many songs I liked either."
Mayuki: "That aside......I didn't expect you to be so good, Izawa-san."
Benio: "Yeah! Yeah! You kept acting like you didn't want to but you were scary good at it!"
Izawa: "......Keiko asked me to take singing lessons."
We did karaoke tonight. Strangely, even Izawa joined us.
He's still a very prickly titmouse, but he's gotten a lot softer since we met him――I think.
Akihito: "Your sister is lucky to have you."
Izawa: "Shut up. Hearing that from you just irritates me. Or do you want a tour of Takakura Harbor right now?"
Mayuki: "Okaaay, Mayuki's opinion. Even if we go there again, I want to do something about that rigid singing rotation."
Mayuki raises a hand.
Haru: "Not to be rude, but you were pretty bad, O-Chibi-chan."
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, you could be less blunt about it."
Mayuki: "It's fine. There's nothing for otaku to sing at normal karaoke places anyway. If I had any talent, it would've been wasted."
Benio: "I'm fine with anime songs. There's nothing embarrassing about them. Right, O-Haru-san?"
Haru: "O-Haru-san's not sure."
Mayuki: "Society will always accept discrimination against otaku."
She lowers her shoulders, looking fed up with the world.
Akihito: "You don't have to sound so dejected about it."
Mayuki: "That's the most effective form of self-defense for me."
We can't change the fact that we're a coμ. Our lives depend on each other, and they always will no matter what we do. It's much harder to deal with than bullies or bad coworkers.
Some coμs are quite savage. We're probably doing okay, all things considered.
A peaceful group is the product of dialogue and cooperation. Compromise isn't a bad thing.
Three people is enough to make a faction. And two is enough to oppose it.
Other people are always incomprehensible monsters. You can never know what someone's really thinking, even if they're walking right beside you. Sometimes they become real monsters, and turn their fangs toward you.
―――Jack the Ripper.
Something has to give at some point, or we'll turn into a monster like that.
It takes talent to live by yourself.Like Kagome, or like Izawa.
Akihito: "Hmmm."
I exhale, venting my frustration.
It was always my policy not to get too deeply involved with anyone.
Otherwise I could never live alone.
Getting along with people is the best way to prolong your life. If we doubt each other or let each other get away with selfish acts, we'll head straight for destruction.
Benio: "Still, it was pretty fun, wasn't it? Even you enjoyed it, right Hinaori-san?"
Benio heroically stands before the witch.
Kagome: "I guess so."
I've witnessed a rare phenomenon.
Kagome never gives others the time of day. She may spew poison in their general direction, but I've never seen her give a simple, honest answer like that.
Her eyes are still cold, and her attitude curt.
Benio: "See! Even Hinaori-san said it was fun. Let's all go again!"
Izawa: "If you wanna act like friends, do it on your own time."
Mayuki: "I have nothing against recreation, but I'd prefer to try something else."
Haru: "O-Haru-san's all right with anything."
Benio: "Hinaori-san, is there anything you'd like to do?"
Kagome: "........."
Benio's question prompts a strange look from Kagome. She might be dumbfounded that Benio would ask so bluntly, or unsure how to answer. Maybe both.
Her back is turned toward us, but she doesn't seem that cold. She's a little softer than usual. Maybe that's just my imagination.
Akihito: "We can wait until next time to decide where to go."
I change the subject.
Akihito: "Anyway, Nanase-san asked us for help. Do you think we should, if we have the time?"
Mayuki: "You mean the dueling games? There have been a lot of those since we defeated Jack."
Benio: "I'll do it. We obviously should. We can't let people keep playing games that get themselves killed. They might be hurting innocent bystanders too."
Izawa: "The ironing board never shuts up about this stuff."
Mayuki: "Izawa-san, you don't want to help?"
Izawa: "......hah, I haven't had much to do lately. I'll help beat up some idiots."
Benio: "We're not starting fights, we're stopping them. Do you know the difference?"
Izawa: "I'm sick of your nitpicking. Who cares about things like that? We're not the Round Table's lap dog."
Sparks fly.Benio and Izawa clash every time they come near each other.
Haru: "I wish they'd offer a reward for menial work like that."
Akihito: "But where would they get it from......?"
Haru: "Hmmm, maybe fine the duelists? You know, like in an RPG where you beat monsters and they drop money."
Akihito: "That's called theft."
Kagome looks toward me. Of course, she gives no sign of gratitude. Just an indication that she's aware of my actions. A logical response.
Akihito: "Kagome, what do you think?"
Kagome: "It's a necessary self-defense measure for you people."
Does she mean we have to keep connectors a secret from normal society?
Or that we have to punish the rogue elements of the Coμnet?Or is it both?
Benio: "Someone has to do it, so it might as well be us. And it's what an ally of justice would do."
Izawa: "Why would I waste time being one of those!?"
Mayuki: "It's rough being in a coμ with both good and evil characters."
Haru: "We need more love to keep people together. Mayu-Mayu, wanna try spreading some sticky love around?"
Akihito: "That's just perverse."
Kagome doesn't turn around. She listens to our chatter as if it has nothing to do with her.
I remember when we first met. The princess I saw in the white mansion that day is still as alone as ever.
Children know no fear. I knew the Hinaoris were famous, but I didn't understand what that meant, so I didn't think about the consequences when I snuck in.
One day, my friends and I were heading home. I was wearing new shoes at the time, and one of them flew off when I moved my leg too fast.
It soared through the air into someone's backyard. I climbed the wall to try and retrieve it. All my friends said it was impossible, but I was stubborn.
In the end they got sick of watching me fail and went home without me. Then I found a small gap in the wall, and used that instead.
When I made it inside, I saw a luxurious white mansion. To a child it looked like a castle, and there was a real princess waiting inside.
―――That's how I met Hinaori Kagome.
For the first time in my life, I learned that excessive beauty can be terrifying.
Kagome gazed silently at me. She just observed the intruder, showing no sign of surprise.
She didn't say a word or move a muscle. At the time, that seemed perfectly natural for such a beautiful princess.
She was immature, aloof, and out of reach. Like a precious gemstone you could never possess.
Not many people can live alone. Back then I was fascinated by the idea of living with society without letting it change you.
Benio: "Okay, Mayu-Mayu and I will head back now."
Benio waves her hand for no reason. Hearing that goodbye pulls me back to reality.
I've been watching Kagome out of the corner of my eye. She's taller now, but she has the exact same lonely air about her.
Akihito: "Okay, see you later."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Mayuki: "See you later."
Haru: "I have a car, so I could drive you home. How about that?"
Izawa: "I'll be fine on my own."
Benio: "Come on, we're friends, aren't we? You're gonna have to stop grumbling someday."
Haru: "Benio-chan and Mayu-Mayu seem to like staying with you, Akihito. You're getting such a large family."
Izawa ignores Haru's invitation and leaves by himself.
Haru: "You two have a moped, right?"
Kagome: "And he has to take me home with it."
Haru: "My, my."
Kagome: "It's how he expresses his love."
Kagome gets on the back of my moped.
Akihito: "You're the one always forcing me to take you along."
Kagome: "You know no limits, Akihito. An indiscriminate womanizer like you sins simply by existing."
Benio: "See you later."
Benio waves as the three of them head to Haru's car.
Akihito: "Hey, Kagome."
Kagome: "What? Are you confessing your love?"
Akihito: "Not that......have you gotten softer lately?"
Kagome: "Of course not."
A typical exchange.
She has just as little interest in other people as she does in a pebble stuck in her shoe. She was conceited and self-centered as a child, but it's been forty percent worse since we reunited. She's practically a demon now.
Kagome: "It's the police."
Akihito: "Uwa, are we in trouble?"
I pull over as I start to hear the sirens. A few patrol cars drive past us with their lights flashing. It'd be bad if they saw us both riding a single moped.
But they're speeding up, as if they have no time to waste giving us a ticket.
Akihito: "Is something bad happening again......?"
Kagome: "You have a lively imagination."
Akihito: "We'd better go before they get back."
I start the moped back up. As the sirens fade into the distance, I choose a path that should make it harder for them to find us again.
====================T0030：雨の日の密_0601.json====================
I meant to buy a few things on the way back, but I forgot, so now I have to go back outside.
Failures always have consequences. If no one forces them upon you, you still have to suffer them.
When I need to go shopping late at night, I typically go to a shop fifteen minutes away instead of the nearest convenience store.
I walk slowly through the city at night, looking up at the very few stars in the sky. I also get a can of coffee and a magazine to skim through on the way back.
Akihito: "Oh, it's really coming down now......"
The clouds have been thick and ominous since I left. Cold spring rain comes down to punish my foolish decision not to bring an umbrella.
As the huge raindrops pour down on me, I pass by a woman about three minutes away from my apartment.She walks into an alley, her legs shaking, also without an umbrella.
Akihito: "......geez."
I watch her disappear, then groan out of frustration. She looked hard and shallow, like a porcelain doll that's lost everything on the inside.
I weigh the trouble of intervening against the guilt of ignoring her. Before long the scales tip in one direction, so I turn and follow her.
It wasn't long ago that I followed someone else into this same alley. Back then it was Shinomiya Yoruko. She was small, fragile and proud, unable to go anywhere without help. 
I run through fresh puddles.
Almost immediately, I find her slender body leaning against a cold concrete wall. I recognize her.
Akihito: "......Soejima? Is that you?"
She's not wearing her uniform, which is why I didn't notice at first. A denim jacket and hot pants. That bold selection doesn't match my impression of her.
Soejima Hisoka. She transferred into my class recently, and to most people she felt as faint as a shadow.
Soejima is a foreign entity.
She behaves amicably toward everyone at all times, but she never joined a circle of friends. It always felt like she was just passing by as part of some longer journey.
Soejima has good looks. That can be a reason to attack her, and it doesn't defend her in any way. Being unfamiliar is all the reason people need to alienate you.
They ignore her, tease her, and spread filthy rumors. Countless tiny malicious acts, even though no one individual has anything against her. There would have been actual bullying if not for the class tyrant.
Hinaori Kagome. The black witch. The lonely tyrant. Everyone in the school knows her.
When facing such an overpowering individual, normal people don't even have the option of looking away. They can only obey or resent.
There was never an actual argument or anything, but everyone in the class acknowledges her as the ruler.
It's only natural. Her very essence was greater from the start. Humans can fight each other, but against a witch we don't even feel the desire to try.
Thus, all the teaching staff know class 2-B as an extraordinarily well-behaved class.
Do not wake the sleeping demon.Let the world remain at peace.
Akihito: "Soejima......what are you doing out here without an umbrella? Is something wrong?"
Soejima doesn't react in the slightest, as if she really is a doll.
Akihito: "Remember me? I sit behind you at school."
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun."
Her faint, hollow presence flickers like a weak candle flame.
Akihito: "That's right. You look pale. Are you okay? ......well, it's obvious you aren't."
Hisoka: "I have to go."
Akihito: "Where?"
Hisoka: "......I don't know."
Akihito: "............are you sure you don't need help?"
Hisoka: "I need to go......"
Akihito: "Hey!"
I don't even have to stop her. After a couple steps, she has to stop and lean against a wall. Her breath is shallow. She seems to be having trouble just keeping herself upright.
Akihito: "You're not going anywhere like that. Do you have a fever or something?"
I hold her up. Her shoulders are more slender than I thought. I put a hand to her forehead.
Akihito: "You do feel warm. Where are you planning on going like this?"
Hisoka: "......where am I going?"
Akihito: "......you're asking me?"
Now I'm really worried.
Akihito: "Wherever you're going, put it off. You're going to die in the gutter like this."
Hisoka: "I don't mind."
Akihito: "......don't talk like that."
Akihito: "Look, I'll feel guilty if you freeze to death out here. My place is only five minutes away. If you don't mind staying with a man you can crash with me."
Hisoka: "Will you eat me?"
She looks down as she says that, her face showing no trace of emotion.
Akihito: "Ummm......well, I guess......not? Probably."
Hisoka: "Okay."
Akihito: "U-umm......do you want me to?"
Hisoka: "I don't mind."
She's so defenseless I don't know how to react. No, wait――
She's not defenseless. She's indifferent.She doesn't care about herself any more than an old worn-out shoe.
Akihito: "Oh well......come on."
I crouch down in front of her.
Akihito: "You can't walk, right? Get on so I can carry you to my place. You can't stay out here in the rain all night."
Hisoka: "......"
Akihito: "Come ooon."
I give up waiting and pull her on to me. Soejima doesn't have the energy to resist.
Akihito: "You'll only have to put up with this for a few minutes."
Hisoka: "Put up with what......?"
Akihito: "Being carried like this."
Hisoka: "I don't mind."
I feel like I'm carrying a glass doll. Her body is hard and bony. Just like in class, her presence is barely noticeable.
I can feel the warmth of her skin through her wet clothes. A weak heartbeat. Breaths like raindrops. She may be hanging on by a thread, but she's still alive.
Akihito: "You can sleep if you want."
Hisoka: "Womanizer."
Akihito: "......are you suddenly feeling better?"
That's the first natural reaction she's had. I smile a little.
Akihito: "Kaaagooomeee-saaan?"
I enter my room. Kagome's not here. Benio and Mayuki are already asleep.
Akihito: "She's always here when she wants to be, but never when I need her for something."
The slaughtering witch is as selfish as she is preternatural. Kagome-san can do anything, so I was hoping she could nurse Soejima back to health. I put her down on the sofa.
Akihito: "I really should call her."
Soejima's in bad shape. I hope she isn't injured or sick, but it'd definitely be safe to have Kagome look at her.
Akihito: "......did she go to sleep?"
It's well past midnight. If Kagome's asleep, she might be using my bed. I rush over to check it. Empty.
I spend twenty seconds wondering whether to call her, then get my phone out. At worst, she'll be mad at me later and I'll have to buy her two sets of chocolate mousse.
Phone: "The number you have dialed cannot be reached at this time―――"
Only weirdos like me and certain suspicious dealers (Kagome's words) would ever call the witch's phone directly, but even then it's weird for her to be unreachable.
Evidently she's walking around somewhere with bad reception. I sigh.
Akihito: "I guess that saves me the trouble of explaining this to her."
I give up and try to find an upside to this.
I get the shower ready and find a dry towel.
Akihito: "If you can move, you should take a shower."
Hisoka: "Will you carry me again?"
Akihito: "I'm not your mother."
Akihito: "Ah......and here's something dry to wear."
I hand her one of my T-shirts. I don't have any underwear for her, obviously.
Her body looks far more aerodynamic in that shirt than Kagome's melons.
Akihito: "I can see some men liking this......"
Hisoka: "What?"
Akihito: "No, it's nothing."
Akihito: "So can you take a shower?"
Hisoka: "I'm feeling better now, so it should be fine."
Akihito: "Okay, then get in."
Hisoka: "Yes, I will."
Soejima stands up and takes off her hot pants.
Akihito: "......"
She took off her pants.
Simple is best when it comes to underwear. A very basic piece of cloth, translucent because of all the rain, showing the skin beneath.
Of course, she starts taking off her underwear next.
Her hands move down her slightly round hips.
Akihito: "Kaaaa!"
Hisoka: "......"
She immediately stops moving, like a freeze frame.
Hisoka: "What's wrong?"
Akihito: "What do you mean!?"
Akihito: "Why are you stripping?"
Hisoka: "To take a shower."
Akihito: "I mean why out here."
Hisoka: "I'll catch a cold if I keep wet clothes on......"
Akihito: "Don't take them off when I'm in the room."
Hisoka: "I don't mind."
Akihito: "I do mind! Gyaaaaa!!"
I get mad at her for some reason.
Akihito: "You have no common sense at all! If you keep acting like this someone's going to have their way with you!"
Hisoka: "......will you?"
Akihito: "I already said I won't!!!"
After showering, I make her change clothes.
Wearing nothing but a T-shirt is more appealing than I expected. Maids are still number one, but this is probably two or three. I give her my pajamas in place of underwear.
Akihito: "......too bad."
Hisoka: "Should I not be wearing the bottom part?"
Akihito: "No one said anything like that!"
I only thought it!
Akihito: "How serious are you when you say stuff like that?"
Akihito: "Anyway, here's some hot chocolate with tons of milk. Drink it and get some rest."
I'm holding two cups, one for each of us.
Hisoka: "Sounds sweet."
Akihito: "Sweet is good when you're tired."
Soejima holds her cup with both hands, slowly and timidly touching her lips to it like a cat afraid of the heat.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "What is it?"
I ask while drinking my own cocoa.
Hisoka: "You still haven't asked anything."
Akihito: "You mean......about why you were there?"
As she changed, I saw a white stripe on Soejima's wrist, underneath her wristband.
A scar created by several shallow cuts, each given time to heal before the next one. It's worse than a typical wrist cut.
Soejima is like indifference incarnate, but deep in her eyes I can glimpse a deep void.
At her core, she denies the world, other people, and herself――She sees value in nothing. Equally uninterested in everything.
A great temple dedicated to nothingness, constructed in her heart with white stones.
That image is just a delusion, but it stirs something in my chest.
Akihito: "Everyone has their own circumstances."
Hisoka: "Yes."
Many circumstances. Many afflictions.There's enough tragedy and loneliness out there for everyone..
If I pry too deeply, I'll become obligated to do something about it. My own life will become more restricted.
Akihito: "So......I don't like to pry into other people's business."
My hands have been full just dealing with my own problems. Everyone lives and dies alone.
That day, during that red moment――I couldn't follow my dying mother.
Humans may have filled every corner of the Earth's surface, and our society is so advanced we can almost reach the stars, but that doesn't change the fact that we're alone.
Lonely kingdoms fighting over each others' territory.That's the natural result. The obvious answer.
――My old wound aches.――It still bleeds if I touch it.
Is that why?Yes, it is.
Prying too deep just puts a greater burden on me, so it's best to stay alone from the beginning.
Akihito: "......if you need to confess something I'm willing to listen, but......don't expect much more than that."
Hisoka: "You helped me earlier."
The faint woman gulps quietly.
Akihito: "......don't expect more."
I repeat myself.
Hisoka: "You like being alone?"
Akihito: "......it's easier."
Hisoka: "But you're still connected to people."
Connected――
Her monotonous words carry a twisted certainty. It feels strange hearing them from Soejima, but......
There is such a thing――As an unwanted connection.
Akihito: "That's true. I have connections."
Even though I never asked for them. Just like the black dragon.
Akihito: "Soejima......what do you do about that?"
Soejima holds her cup to her chest and gazes out the window at the flicking lights of the city.
After a long silence......
Hisoka: "――I try not to think about it."
I don't quite understand her answer.
Akihito: "You can use my bed. Get some sleep tonight."
Hisoka: "I'm fine on the sofa."
Akihito: "I'd rather you took the bed."
Hisoka: "Because you're a feminist?"
Akihito: "Yeah."
Hisoka: "Liar."
Soejima's lips move slightly after she enters the bed.
Hisoka: "But......"
Hisoka: "You are kind."
Akihito: "......I might just be a womanizer."
Hisoka: "You do look like one."
Akihito: "Stop saying things like that and get some sleep."
Hisoka: "......"
Hisoka: "Good night."
Akihito: "Good night."
I sleep on the sofa tonight.
What will we do tomorrow? Will the five of us have breakfast together? Kagome, Benio, Mayuki, Me......and Soejima?
As I think about pointless things like that, I eventually fall asleep.
Good night.
The next morning. I wake up before day breaks, but Soejima's already gone.
She must have left while it was still dark. I had put her clothes in the washing machine, and those are gone too.
She disappeared like an illusion after just one night, leaving only two traces of her visit.
Akihito: "That's so like her."
There's a note on the living room table with surprisingly nice handwriting.
　　　　　　　　　　"Thank you"
Akihito: "Hmm......"
Also, I have absolutely no idea why she did this, but Soejima also left a bra and a pair of panties on the table. They've been washed and dried.
Akihito: "............"
......what the hell?
====================T0060：不安の情景／日常_0602.json====================
Someone's presence wakes me up.I crawl out of bed and to the dining table. Breakfast is ready.
Kagome: "You're late, Akihito."
Kagome's here. I couldn't contact her at all last night.
This is my second time waking up today.
The first time was when I discovered Soejima left. I went outside and looked around to make sure she hadn't collapsed in an alley again, then got back into bed around six. I've only been sleeping for an hour.
Benio: "Mornying......"
Mayuki: "Good morning."
Akihito: "Good mor――............"
Which is why I'm still tired. Not a good morning. Benio and Mayuki sit in their usual seats.Usual seats――That's not a phrase I use very often.
Mayuki flips through the channels aimlessly. Every channel is showing news at this hour, but every program is showing the same images.
Akihito: "Was there a big accident or something?"
Mayuki: "Looks like it......this is near us, isn't it?"
Benio: "Funyo......"
Kagome: "......"
Newscaster: "Part of the highway has collapsed, and several vehicles have been crushed, clearly showing how tragic the accident was."
Newscaster: "Smoke is rising from the wrecks. The fire department has had difficulty putting out the flames because so much of the road is unstable now."
Newscaster: "From what we know so far, fifteen vehicles were destroyed and at least twenty people were killed."
The camera zooms back out so we can see the reporter with a serious look on her face. The program then switches to eyewitness accounts of the accident.
Man: "Yeah, I was driving the other way so, yes, I heard several explosions behind me, and I saw fire rushing up......"
Old Man: "Well, I heard a very loud noise and wondered what it was. Up ahead I could see cars sliding around and crashing into each other like pool balls......it was a terrorist attack, just like five years ago!"
Middle-Aged Woman: "I know what I saw! A three-meter, no, five-meter tall monster was destroying those cars!"
Businesswoman: "I was so shocked! That was definitely a monster! I thought it was smoke at first, but then I saw it move!"
Reporter: "The eyewitness accounts appear somewhat confused. We can only pray that rescue workers are able to extinguish the fires and rescue any survivors. Back to you."
Then they switch to sports news. The music turns bright and cheerful again. The tragic news is replaced by other news, fading from listener's minds in the blink of an eye.
Benio: "A monster? ......that can't be......
hey, can I have the remote?"
Benio stops eating, takes the remote from Mayuki and flips to other channels. The details of the accident are essentially the same on all of them.
A traffic accident on the north central highway of Takakura City. Many of the people who saw it claim to have seen a monster.
Mayuki: "A monster......"
Akihito: "What do you think?"
Kagome: "If that was an avatar, it's on the same level as Jack the Ripper. The only question is whether there are any coμs crazy enough to go that far."
The witch coldly states an ominous truth.
I step through puddles created by last night's rain on the way to school. Before class, everyone's talking about the accident on the highway.
Takahashi: "Hey, about that accident yesterday."
Akihito: "I know, the one people said was a monster."
Takahashi: "Yeah, that. The news says they're all on drugs or panicking or something, but that's not it."
He rubs his jaw like a detective.
Akihito: "......are you seriously saying it was a monster? Better go ask Mu or Atlantis to come and take it back."
As Takahashi and I discuss it, the rest of our classmates get drawn in.
Female Student: "I heard about it online. There's an entire thread on the highway accident."
Male Student: "Ah, I saw that thread too. At first, everyone outside of Takakura called it a troll, but everyone from here was so serious they started listening."
Female Student: "A few people even uploaded pictures, though they're not that great."
Akihito: "......if it's real I'd like to see it."
Takahashi: "There've been rumors about UMAs in Takakura City for a while."
Akihito: "And they're just rumors. I'm a realist. I don't believe in things until I see them with my own eyes."
Takahashi: "Uwa! You have no imagination!"
Takahashi: "......actually, one of my brother's coworkers saw it. He was making a big deal out of it this morning."
Takahashi: "He wasn't hurt, but he was close enough to see it happen, and got stuck in the traffic jam it caused. He says he saw a giant among the smoke and fire in the distance."
Female Student: "So it is true......scary."
Male Student: "My uncle's roommate saw it on the way home from his night shift. My uncle says he was tired and delusional, but he's convinced it was real......"
The slightest provocation gets everyone to reveal their stories.
Akihito: "......urban legends always involve friends of friends. Has anyone here actually seen it themselves?"
Takahashi: "We'll bump into someone eventually. There's already a few dozen talking about it online, so it's more plausible than most."
Female Student: "Uwaaa~ But where did that giant go?"
Male Student: "It's gotta be hiding somewhere......I hope the SDF comes to get rid of it."
They speak with a mix of unease and curiosity.
Akihito: "This is serious......"
It really is.
Was that accident really caused by an avatar? Would a connector do something so devastating with dozens of people watching? Whoever was willing to do that is the real monster.
I don't feel like talking about it anymore, so I make up a reason to leave the classroom. I'll just kill time somewhere else until break time ends.
Hanako: "............"
Hana-sensei staggers through the hallway.
Hanako: "......oh, sorry, sorry."
She was walking in a zig-zag like a drunkard, bumping into walls and students. Then she stumbles right in front of me.
Hanako: "Whoa, whoa, whoa......"
Akihito: "Hey, Sen――
Muhapu!?"
I try to help her stabilize, but I pick the wrong time. My vision is shrouded in marshmallowy darkness.
Hanako: "Oh, okay......oh, good thing you were here."
Akihito: "Uuoou!"
Her cleavage is so massive someone could hide superweapons inside, and now I'm trapped in it. Akihito of the valley of breasts.This is no time to think stupid things like that.
Akihito: "S-sorry, Sensei."
Hanako: "It's fine, I would've fallen over if your face wasn't in the way. Consider that as thanks."
Akihito: "Okay, thanks I guess."
An impossibly good deal. Those things are the size of my head......she'd give O-Haru-san a run for her money.
Hanako: "I did an all-nighter yesterday, and now I can't seem to keep myself awake anymore."
Akihito: "That's kinda dangerous. Why not take a nap while we're in class?"
Hanako: "I can't do that. This is my job, technically."
Akihito: "Not technically, it just is. But what kept you up so late?"
Hanako: "...................................."
Her eyes open wide. She doesn't move for seven seconds. The students around us are moving normally, making this feel like a pantomime.
Akihito: "Hello? Hana-sensei? Did you break?"
I wave my hand in front of her face.
Hanako: "............sorry, I lost consciousness again."
Akihito: "Your eyes were open. That's pretty serious."
Hanako: "The special reports on that accident were too interesting. I kept comparing them to the information online, and before I knew it it was morning."
Akihito: "You weren't even doing work?"
I had no idea they were still reporting on it that late. It must've been really bad.
Ayaya: "Aaaaah! Senpai's trying to get on the hidden Sensei route!"
A Kouhai runs up to us, as if she smelled something interesting.
Akihito: "What are you talking about? We're talking about the accident yesterday."
Ayaya: "Aya? 
Ayaya was sure you were about to be taken to the nurse's office for special private lessons, Senpai!"
Hanako: "You have an incredible imagination."
Akihito: "You mean a perverse one."
Ayaya: "Speaking of the accident,they say a beast did it!A mysterious creature appearing on the highway at night!It tore apart cars and threw them in the air going "Angyaaaa!""
She waves her arms around when she says "Angyaaaaa!"
Akihito: "I prefer "monster" to "beast." Calling it a beast makes me think of furry creatures like werewolves."
Ayaya: "Kururi-senpai-chan would love something like that~"
Akihito: "Definitely. Though she'd like monsters and giants just as much."
Ayaya: "Anyway, I was looking for Kururi-senpai, but people say she didn't come to school today. Do you know where she is?"
Akihito: "No......I haven't seen her either. Maybe she's off investigating something dangerous again."
Hanako: "The whole city's been dangerous lately. The serial murderer we had a while back was a threat for anyone living by themselves."
Ayaya: "Hm? ......you're right. Ayaya was worried about that too. These things keep reminding me of the bombings five years ago......"
Ayaya: "......there've been explosions and group suicides and other weird stuff going on too. Isn't that kind of a lot? Even this beast from yesterday has dozens of eyewitnesses."
Akihito: "It'll all blow over once they find out what that thing really was."
Though I know better than anyone that it probably was a real monster.
Hanako: "I hope so. I'd really like the city to go back to being peaceful."
Akihito: "Just to be safe, you two should avoid going outside by yourselves."
Ayaya: "I need to cut back on my midnight snack runs."
The air remains tense even during class.
Some people continuously check the internet for new information when the teacher isn't looking. The dignity of the school has no hope of defeating idle curiosity.
The solemn, divine atmosphere of the school is ruined once again. 
Even the teacher brings up the accident in casual conversation later.
The terrorist attacks five years ago――There's no known link between them and yesterday's accident, but so many bad things have happened lately that everyone's worried it might be a repeat of that.
An invasion by things that are normally hidden――Anything that oozes out from beneath the surface creates vague anxiety, be it the Coμnet or something else people normally aren't aware of.
That anxiety is covering the whole town now.
......everyone's afraid.
Lunch break.
Something's been bugging me all morning. One seat was empty. The transfer student's.
―――Soejima Hisoka.
As I think about it, Kagome shows up. After breakfast, she went out on her own, and at school she's been absent since the third period break.
Akihito: "Kagome, have you eaten?"
Kagome: "I didn't make a bentou today, so I'm going to the cafeteria."
Akihito: "Could we go together?"
Kagome: "So you can make up for bringing a strange woman into your room last night?"
She attacks with a whisper. She did know about Soejima. Not that I expected the witch to miss that, but......
Kagome: "I forgot to ask this morning because of the news. Who was she? Where did you find her? Where did you put her?"
Akihito: "......on the way back from the convenience store, I found her in an alley without an umbrella, so I let her stay the night."
That empty seat is bothering me.
Kagome: "......was it Soejima?"
Kagome follows my gaze, looking down at that seat.
Akihito: "When I woke up this morning she'd disappeared, leaving only a note behind. I thought she'd be here at school, but she must still be sick or something."
I remember my conversation with her last night.
Akihito: "I think she had a fever. I didn't learn much from talking to her. She might not remember what happened to her. I called you, but your phone wouldn't connect."
Kagome: "I was busy that night."
Kagome makes a strange face. That bugs me.
Akihito: "Do you know something about Soejima?"
Kagome: "No, nothing."
My cell phone interrupts us. The caller surprises me.
Akihito: "Hello. What brought this on?"
Izawa: "Come right away. Or go die in a gutter."
A heartwarming greeting from one of my coμ-mates.
Akihito: "That's sudden. You should get arrested, by the way."
I'm used to Izawa being like this. I don't know what he's thinking, but I know how to have fun talking to him now.
Izawa: "You'll love this. Another incident happened."
Akihito: "I don't like those at all. They don't put food on my table."
Izawa: "Someone died."
A chill goes down my spine.
Akihito: "......you mean on the highway?"
Izawa: "This is something else......we still don't know for sure if he's dead, but I don't like where it's going."
Izawa's anxious. He's always in a bad mood, but normally he doesn't sound this rushed or nervous.
Akihito: "What the hell happened? I'm supposed to be eating my lunch right now."
Izawa: "Who cares about your food? I'm telling you to come here so you can see what it is for yourself, dumbass!"
Akihito: "Don't call me a dumbass! I was planning on having curry today......"
Izawa: "Just come here. Right away. I'll kill you and that snake."
He hangs up.
Kagome: "――Are you going?"
Akihito: "......he said someone died, so I kinda have to."
Akihito: "I guess I'll get some bread and eat it on the way there."
Kagome: "You'll bump into someone when rounding a corner and choke to death on it."
I hope nothing that depressing actually happens.
Takatou Nanase is one of the thirteen Round Table Masters. The only woman among them.
We've talked to each other through texts a few times. Being on a first name basis with powerful people tends to pay off later.
Text: Nanase: "Thank you for your help recently. Because of you, we were able to put an end to the dueling games.
Text: Nanase: 
I'm currently educating the duelists on proper coμ behavior.
Text: Nanase: 
I don't expect them to completely agree with me, but they have promised never to duel again.
Text: Nanase: 
Little by little, I hope to stop connectors from doing such immoral things so that we might have a peaceful future."
Text: Akihito: "Thanks. I also hope your guidance will knock some sense into them.
Text: Akihito: 
Our coμ was a bit of a mess at first, but we've been getting along much better lately. Maybe all your talk about peace is contagious, lol
Text: Akihito: 
By the way, I was really surprised to hear your handle was "777."
Text: Akihito: 
I had no idea you were in those chat rooms too. The world can be so small sometimes. Or maybe it was fate, lol
Text: Akihito: 
I'm sure you have a lot of difficult problems to tackle, but good luck with them. We'll help as much as we can."
Text: Nanase: "I was also surprised to learn you were dm-san. The internet seems to be both vast and tiny. Anyway, the Coμnet's been dangerous lately.
Text: Nanase: 
More people are rebelling against us every day......and even some people within the Round Table are saying we need to deal with them more harshly, though I'm against that.
Text: Nanase: 
I'm sure we can come to an understanding if everyone would just talk to each other. That's what I believe. Please continue to lend me your strength in the future."
Text: Akihito: "That does sound pretty bad......outsiders like us probably shouldn't get involved in your internal politics, but do call if you need our help.
Text: Akihito: 
Come to think of it, do you know if age has anything to do with when connectors awaken? In anime, it's always really young boys and girls who get the special powers.
Text: Akihito: 
All the connectors I know are pretty young, so I was wondering if they're all like that. Does the Coμnet get more active during summer break?
Text: Akihito: 
If things ever get bad, Mizuwa Akihito is always on Nanase-san's side, so don't hesitate to call. Bye now."
Text: Nanase: "I don't know if age has anything to do with it, but it's true that almost all of them are young. I can't thank you enough for offering to help.
Text: Nanase: 
By the way, did you hear about yesterday's accident? There was a tremendous pileup on the highway going through our city.
Text: Nanase: 
A lot of people were killed and wounded, and rumors say an avatar did it.
Text: Nanase: 
The news channels are assuming everyone's deluded or panicking, but the rumors are worryingly plausible.
Text: Nanase: 
I'm very concerned about this, but unfortunately the Round Table has much bigger problems to deal with right now.
Text: Nanase: 
This might become another accident, or something much worse. I'm honestly not sure what to do about it......
Text: Nanase: 
If I receive any new information on either issue, I'll text you what I can, Mizuwa-kun. If you learn anything new, please contact me.
Text: Nanase: Thank you very much for your help."
I tell everyone I'm leaving early and escape the classroom. As I wait for Izawa on the usual footbridge, I check my mail.
At times like this, it's good to be friends with the school nurse. I don't have to waste as much time coming up with an excuse to leave.
I still care enough about school to get a doctor's note, but the witch doesn't bother with that. She walks right out, ignoring everyone's reactions.
Akihito: "It's tough being a leader."
I got some texts from Nanase this morning, and things aren't going well for her.
We've mostly been texting about safe, casual subjects so far, but when she brings up something serious I'm not sure how to respond.
For now I try to sound encouraging and once again offer to help if necessary. I also say it's important to take breaks. Hopefully she has the time for that.
Kagome: "Is that from the sow?"
Kagome looks at it from behind.
Akihito: "We've been texting a lot lately. I figured it'd be handy to have a friend in the Round Table."
Kagome: "You overthink these things, Akihito. Someone's going to knock you to the ground one of these days. Are you incapable of feeling comfortable without being in a herd?"
Akihito: "It's easier to be alone, but I can't spend my whole life that way."
Living is hard.
Akihito: "......by the way, Kagome, where were you last night?"
Kagome raises her jaw slightly, as if looking down at me. She remains expressionless.
Kagome: "Girls have a right to privacy. You should be ashamed of yourself for asking where a girl my age goes at night."
It never sounds convincing when Kagome-san uses her gender as a defense.
Kagome: "Hmm, there's been a lot of trouble lately. The monster on the highway, the Round Table, Izawa......is there someone out there as crazy as Jack the Ripper?"
Akihito: "Who knows. Nanase-san's got it rough too."
Kagome: "The sow likes working hard."
Akihito: "......don't say that to her face. We wouldn't have it this easy if it wasn't for people like her."
There are a lot of things someone has to do. Not everyone gets to have the flashy, dangerous role of a school battle hero.
Kagome: "Akihito."
She comes close enough to touch me. Everyone else on the bridge avoids looking at us, assuming we're a couple.
Akihito: "......if you get too close, we'll fall off the bridge."
Kagome: "If you're that stupid, falling off would make the world a better place."
Our cheeks are almost touching.
Kagome: "More importantly―――About Soejima."
It's rare for Kagome to say someone else's name.
Akihito: "I didn't do anything to her."
Kagome: "She wasn't wearing perfume. She had a strong smell of blood."
Akihito: "......enough with the bad jokes."
Of course she's not joking. When the witch says something like that, it's a fact.
Soejima Hisoka. A transfer student. The smell of blood.The warning signs are everywhere.
Kagome: "It wasn't just one or two people, and it hasn't been that long."
Akihito: "......what the hell did she do?"
What was Soejima doing there, and where did she go?
I should've forced her to stay with me.
But it's too late to regret it. Where is she now?
The worrying questions multiply like cancerous cells.
I look up at the jumbotron. It says two o'clock. That's the time our coμ is supposed to meet up.
====================T0080：蠢く影_0602.json====================
We all promised to meet up at the usual place. The foot bridge in front of the station.
Whatever the problem is today, it must be bad if Izawa felt the need to call me.
I called the others just to be sure. Hopefully this turns out to be nothing serious.
We're a coμ. None of us can face danger alone. Whether we live or die affects all the others.
Benio: "O-Haru-saaan, over here!"
The maid comes up the stairs. Benio waves to her energetically.
Haru: "Hallo, I'm a bit late, but it feels better when the woman makes you worry, doesn't it?"
Akihito: "This meeting isn't about feeling good......still, I'm surprised you could all make it during school hours."
A weekday afternoon. There aren't many people near the station at this hour, so it's a nice place to meet up.
Benio arrived first, and then Mayuki.
I called all of them in advance.
Kagome: "A lot of them aren't taking this seriously though."
Mayuki: "It'll be fine as long as we have a just cause to fight for. Fight for the world. Fight for the city. School battle heroines have no time to rest."
Mayuki's glasses glint in the afternoon sun.
Benio: "Izawa's the one who called us here, right? Why isn't he here yet?"
Izawa's still missing. We agreed to meet up ten minutes ago. I thought he was the type to be picky about such agreements. Did something happen to him?
Haru: "What's wrong, Akihito? You look like a big fight happened and you didn't get to help at all."
Akihito: "I'm not that sad!"
Akihito: "I was just a bit worried because so many weird things have been happening lately."
Akihito: "Still, maybe it was overkill to force all of you to come here too. I don't even know what the problem is."
Kagome: "It's fine. If it turns out to be nothing, we won't let the titmouse leave here alive, and that'll be that."
Akihito: "Stop threatening to kill people."
Mayuki: "For me, this is a welcome distraction."
Benio: "Delinquent. The ally of justice knows what you did."
Mayuki: "Aren't you cutting class too, Benio-san?"
Benio: "......well, you know, that accident yesterday was pretty bad, and this might be related to it, so......it seemed important enough."
She laughs, avoiding the question.
Kagome: "Not a single respectable person in sight."
Akihito: "You're cutting too."
Akihito: "By the way, Benio, is your school talking about the monster on the highway too?"
Benio: "Nothing but that. Saho......I mean, my friends say they found pictures of the giant online."
Mayuki: "I checked some of them from my phone, but there are so many threads about the Takakura highway accident that the self-appointed moderators are going nuts."
Haru: "O-Haru-san slept in today so she doesn't know about that."
Akihito: "Uwa, you're useless."
Haru: "Rumors are useless anyway at times like this. Having a pure mind with no prejudices is more useful in the long run."
That's very questionable.
Izawa: "......what the hell? I didn't call the rest of you here."
Izawa finally arrives. He's so unhappy his whole body is stiff.
Akihito: "That's a strange thing to say after telling me to come here."
Izawa: "I never told you to bring the others, you idiot!"
Benio: "But something bad happened, right Izawa? We're supposed to help each other out."
Haru: "Well, that does make sense, but this is still a pain."
Kagome: "It's also nonsense."
Izawa: "Keh......!"
Izawa makes a strange face upon hearing Benio's talk of friendship. He's in an even worse mood than usual, but I don't think that's because of us.
Akihito: "I still don't know how bad this is, but it can't hurt to have more people around, right? Now tell us what happened."
Izawa: "......one of the younger brats in my territory has been missing since yesterday. His phone connects, but no one picks it up."
Haru: "Izawacchi's so nice to his sister's friends."
Izawa: "Shut up. This is no time for jokes."
Benio: "Do you think he was in that big accident?"
Izawa: "He's still a kid. He wouldn't be driving on the highway. Plus, he said......he was going to a gig."
Benio: "By gig......you don't mean a concert, do you?"
Avatar gigs. Normally a "gig" means a concert held in secret for a relatively small audience, but this type of gig is a bit more dangerous.
Avatar gigs are a pasttime. A game. Duels consumed by an audience. A pair of avatars fight according to a set of rules. There are even bookies so people can gamble on the outcomes.
They've been a popular topic of discussion in the Coμnet lately, but it's still a dangerous game that could get people killed at any time.
People like Nanase who have a strong conscience see them as a major problem.
Izawa: "......apparently he got a ticket for it somehow."
Akihito: "And he was excited to see the big Saturday night monster fight?"
I look at Kagome. She looks back at me with a cold, scorning glare. She always looks like she's glaring by default, but I can tell she knows what I'm thinking.
It's been bugging me ever since I heard about the gigs.
It takes a lot of resources to run events like that. And it's a for-profit enterprise, so they must be selling a lot of tickets.
Normal people are going to the gigs too. Not just connectors.
The Round Table wants to keep avatars a secret, so it's only natural they'd object to these gigs.
Mayuki: "There are rumors about that online now. Most people assume it's fake since they never say where or when it's happening, but......"
Izawa: "I've heard they change the venue every time. I only just found out where the last one was. I was going to meet someone there......"
Izawa glares at each of our faces in turn.
Izawa: "But Mizuwa brought all of you like an idiot, so now we can't go."
Akihito: "Yes, yes, it's all my fault."
Izawa: "Tsk, gimme a minute. I'll tell her we're meeting somewhere else."
Kururi: "Stop! I heard everything!"
As Izawa begrudgingly takes his phone out, Semimaru Kururi comes out of the shadows like a detective.
Kururi: "Hmmmmmmm! I'm so cool! I tracked you down before you could even come to me!"
Izawa: "......that was fast."
Akihito: "What the hell!? Why are you here, Senpai!?
――And how do you know Izawa!?"
Izawa: "What? ......you know this werecat?"
Akihito: "Yeah, she's a Senpai at my school. We've spent a lot of time on the roof."
Semimaru Kururi never learns from past mistakes. Not long ago, we all thought she died on one of her investigations, but she's already sticking her neck into something just as bad.
Kururi: "Oooh, if it isn't Mizuwa-kouhai-kun. You're friends with this mad dog? I misjudged you."
Akihito: "I was about to ask you exactly the same thing, Kururi-senpai."
Kururi knows this city like the back of her hand. In retrospect, I shouldn't be surprised that she and Izawa know each other.
Haru: "It's a small world."
Kururi's tough. Unlike normal people, she's completely unfazed by Izawa. If someone threw her into a jungle, she'd probably befriend the tigers out there and survive just fine.
Izawa: "So......do you know where the last gig was?"
Kururi: "But of course. There is nothing Super Detective Kururi-chan cannot investigate. Behold!"
Kururi pulls out some tickets, and Izawa grabs them. They must be for the gig.
Kagome: "So the venue is written on the tickets......an abandoned factory at the harbor."
Benio: "That seems like a fitting place for dastardly deeds."
Mayuki: "Ah, can I take a picture of this? I kinda want to put it online, after blurring out the location."
Izawa: "Whatever."
Izawa isn't quite as prickly when it comes to Mayuki.
Kururi: "Also, there's one thing I started looking into this morning, so I'm not certain about it yet......"
Kururi makes an unusually meek face. Normally she smiles like a Cheshire cat whenever she wants to sounds dramatic.
Akihito: "Did something happen?"
Kururi: "Not a single person who went to yesterday's gig made it back home."
A stifling silence.
I don't know how many of these tickets were sold.
If the gigs really are fights between coμs, then just four teams means twenty participants. And that's not even counting the audience.
But not one of them made it back.
Izawa: "Dammit!"
Izawa called me on instinct. His animal senses told him this was dangerous, that he couldn't risk taking action alone.
―――This is a bad omen. Like a Banshee's cry.
There's an abandoned factory at the edge of Takakura Harbor. It was sealed off five years ago with a metal fence, a "No Trespassing" sign, and a yellow placard. The golden twilight.
This is the gig the tickets are for. We arrive in Haru's car and on my moped.
Akihito: "This place is just begging for some evildoer to set up shop inside."
Kagome: "Not evil. This is just a game. Though it is in bad taste."
Izawa: "I'm sure a smart-ass idiot like you would do something stupid in there."
The air inside oozes out.
Dead bodies bring fear to all who see them. Corpses remind us not of our inescapable demise, but that we can never regain the lost possibilities.
This ruin is the corpse of a building. A monument to a company that failed and got wiped out.
Regret over the unchangeable past begets more sadness than anything else.
The map on the ticket tells us to head around to the western entrance. There's a barricade back there to keep the building sealed.
It hasn't been torn down. Rather, an opening has been deliberately constructed to welcome guests. Now we know for sure there's a gig here.
Izawa: "......let's get in there."
Izawa jumps out of the passenger seat and takes the lead. His displeasure stems from anxiety. Animosity and bloodlust aren't the only things running through his veins.
―――The factory is filled with "death."
Mayuki: "Uue, buee......euu......!"
Benio: "Eeu......! Eguuu......uguugeu!"
The rancid smell and traces of machine oil make sense here, but there's also a smell of blood. It's so thick I can almost feel it.
Haru: "......O-Haru-san's glad her stomach is empty right now."
Akihito: "......I'm starting to feel bad too."
A huge, empty space that probably once had machinery in it. All the industrial robots and assembly lines have been extracted, leaving only a hollow shell.
There are no windows, so it's pitch black even at noon. If we hadn't brought flashlights, we wouldn't be able to see anything. It might've been better that way.
We see dead bodies immediately upon entering.
They're more like abstract art than human corpses. Needless to say, everyone rushes out and vomits outside.
The tragedy in the darkness clearly involved more than just one or two people.
――My old wound aches.
――It still bleeds if I touch it.
The red smell creates fissures in my rusty memory. For me, it's nostalgic. Impossible to forget. A smell that changed my life.
Blood. Blood. Blood. The red pain is a warning.
I must not continue any further――
Akihito: "......how are you not affected by this?"
Kagome: "What's so shocking about seeing broken bodies?"
The altar of death produces such a strong smell of blood it might as well be hell. For every body, there is blood, pain, despair, and death.
It probably isn't a thousand, but I doubt it's less than a hundred.
Yet Kagome doesn't flinch.
Izawa: "There's a ton of bodies back there too. I can't count them all."
Izawa comes back from circling the building.
Akihito: "......you still seem lively."
Izawa: "You're just weak."
Izawa's face doesn't look too good. He's probably making an effort to act okay, but even the fact that he can do that is impressive.
Kagome: "Akihito."
Kagome points. There's a light moving around in the darkness like a firefly. It's another flashlight. Someone's there.
Akihito: "......is that the murderer? Or are they just looking around like us......?"
Kagome: "Let's go and find out."
We slowly and carefully make our way to the source of the light. Kagome and I split up to surround them on both sides. If they turn out to be dangerous, one of us should be able to surprise them.
Akihito: "――Hey."
???: "Hyau!"
When I get close and point my light at her, she screams. I wasn't hiding or anything, but she was so preoccupied with the corpses that she didn't see me.
I see her pale face. Surprisingly, I recognize her.
Akihito: "Shinomiya Yoruko......?"
Shinomiya Yoruko. A knight serving Gasai Itsuki――Also known as Caesar.
Yoruko: "Ah, eh......Mizuwa......?"
Yoruko: "Wh-why are......you...here......?"
Yoruko was defenseless, distracted by the tragedy here. Seeing some living, breathing humans brings her back to her senses.
Akihito: "That's my line."
Kagome: "You know that girl, Akihito?"
Akihito: "Yeah......umm, this is Shinomiya Yoruko. And this is―――"
Kagome: "Is she a connector?"
Kagome and Yoruko size each other up. The witch's cold smile makes her tense up.
Haru: "Oya, it's you."
Yoruko: "Kyau!!"
Yoruko leaps in the air like a startled cat when she sees Haru.
Haru: "Don't act like you just saw a ghost."
Akihito: "......you're the one who traumatized her, O-Haru-san."
Apparently Shinomiya Yoruko is still bothered by the improper sexual conduct Haru displayed in the business district.
Benio: "You know O-Haru-san too?"
Akihito: "People learn and grow by meeting others."
Mayuki: "......Mayu-Mayu is amazed by your beautiful words. But it occurs to me......"
Akihito: "What is it, Mayu-kun?"
Mayuki: "......it's yet another girl."
Haru: "Ah, now that you mention it......"
Izawa: "Keh!"
Kagome: "Hmph."
Akihito: "......that's just a coincidence."
Yoruko joins us.
At times like this, unity is a virtue. The gravity of the situation helps us put our differences aside for the time being.
Everyone's afraid to tackle this alone. The seven of us head back into the building.
Kagome: "――This guy didn't fare so well."
Kagome kicks one of the bodies. Its other half lies about twenty meters away.
Benio: "......Hinaori-san...this doesn't bother you......?"
Kagome: "I'm used to it."
Kagome walks over to the lower half, and inspects it like a coroner.
Akihito: "......what kind of life do you have to live to get used to this stuff?"
Akihito: "Also, Yoruko-chan."
Yoruko: "......don't call me -chan. Go away."
Yoruko is especially cold to me.
Akihito: "Did he order you to come here?"
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko's lips are sealed. She's been well-disciplined.
Akihito: "Yoooruko-chan."
Yoruko: "Shut up."
Akihito: "I'm fine with you keeping secrets, but whatever happened here is much bigger than either of us."
Werecat-senpai once said that climactic battles always involve countless innocents being slaughtered.
The not-quite-dry blood continues oozing out, almost reaching my feet.
Blood. Pain. Memories of aching wounds.
This is what happens when the fairy tale becomes reality.
Akihito: "At least tell me what you can. People died here."
Yoruko: "......we lost contact with one of our allies. All we know is he went to this gig yesterday."
Akihito: "Is he in your coμ......?"
Yoruko shakes her head.
Akihito: "So he's one of them?"
Caesar's Legion.
An army of beasts obeying the will of Gasai Itsuki.
I asked that question vaguely in order to hide the secret that Gasai is Caesar.
She nods.
Izawa: "Stop whispering to each other."
Akihito: "Sorry, we had some catching up to do. It's a long story."
Yoruko: "......"
Mayuki: "......I have a long story too."
Akihito: "You're just lying again."
Mayuki: "I am completely and totally serious."
We have yet another casual exchange to try and wipe away everyone's fear.
If Gasai sent Yoruko out here, the man they lost must've been pretty important.
Shinomiya Yoruko is an unusual connector.
She's a needle. A lethal silver needle with incredibly strong poison.
The cold, calculating king doesn't use her without a good reason.
Yoruko's "sword" avatar is much smaller and more fragile than most avatars. I wonder how many people would even realize it was an avatar at first glance.
Yoruko's always alone.
When I first met her in the business district, she'd collapsed in an alley.If any of her allies were there, I wouldn't have been the one rescuing her.I still have no idea where the rest of Yoruko's coμ is.
And despite the fact that all coμs must have five people, Yoruko's "sword" is powerful enough to destroy avatars in one attack.
Given enough firepower, it's actually better to be small.
―――There's an exception to every rule.
We always assume our enemies come in groups. That prejudice allows her to take people by surprise.
Thus, Shinomiya Yoruko is Caesar's knight. She strikes fatal blows to unsuspecting enemies. One of Gasai Itsuki's irreplaceable servants.
Haru: "Still, there's been a lot of trouble lately. Maybe I'm running out of luck. I should look for a new man soon."
Akihito: "Maybe we should get in a circle and chant something to improve our fortune."
Kagome comes back from her autopsy.
Kagome: "Every body's wounds have irregular edges. They were probably torn apart, rather than cut. This seems to be the work of a single person, but――"
Izawa: "Definitely not a normal one."
Haru: "Even with an avatar, it's hard to be this thorough."
There are far too many bodies to count. We've only found ten, maybe twenty.
It's likely that every human in this building was slaughtered, without exception.
Their only crime was being here last night.
The slightest misfortune can kill you. That's how things work in our gentle kingdom.
Akihito: "Are you two holding up okay?"
Benio: "I'll be fine. Benio-san's tough."
Mayuki: "As the leader of an internet gang, one of my hobbies is to look at shockingly grotesque images while eating a chicken burger. So this doesn't affect me at all. Hihihi!"
They're both forcing a smile. I can almost see the energy flowing out of them. For normal people, this is a very trying situation.
Izawa: "This place is huge. If we try to find everything, we'll be here all week."
Benio: "I-if I had to be here that long......I'd probably die."
Izawa's frustrated, and Benio's afraid.
Yoruko: "......I'll look for him."
Haru: "How, forehead-chan?"
Yoruko: "Fore...head......?"
Haru's already back to normal. She clearly has nerves of steel. The bloodiest scene she's probably ever witnessed doesn't even slow her down.
Yoruko clears her throat, then gives an order.
Yoruko: "――――
Come, Fiver!"
Blue gate light swirls in the darkness. Yoruko's "sword" rises up.A white steel soldier with a mechanical silhouette.
Benio: "Hoe? That's Yoruko-chan's avatar?"
Mayuki: "It's pretty small for an avatar."
Kagome: "How generous of her to show us what she has."
Well, it's partly because I already know, but this is also a pretty desperate situation.
Akihito: "......that looks a little different from when I last saw it."
Kagome: "Now that's interesting."
A slightly different shape from before......evidently there are still avatar types I don't know about.
Yoruko: "Fiver. Search Mode A. Full Sweep."
Yoruko uses her avatar's senses to scan the entire area.
Avatars are very different from humans, so using their senses takes a certain amount of practice and aptitude. But with a skilled user, avatar senses are much better.
Akihito: "What the hell did all this?"
Izawa: "An avatar, duh. Do you have a sponge for brains?"
Akihito: "I'm nowhere near as thoughtless as a certain someone."
The traces of destruction inside the factory are like a typhoon. Chunks gouged out of the floor. Holes in the walls. Girders twisted and torn――
Every corpse is in a terrible state. Most of them aren't human-shaped.
Kagome: "Even if this was an avatar, who has the power to kill this many people without letting a single one――"
Just the size of an avatar makes it a powerful weapon, but their latent abilities are the real threat.
An avatar's category specs don't tell the full story. Like Babylon's gravity control, the right superpower can win any battle.
Mayuki: "Maybe a bomb? ......or a special ability that's kinda like one?"
Akihito: "What does our resident expert think?"
Kagome: "There's no trace of heat or a shockwave. This isn't a simple explosion, but a ranged weapon. One with enough speed and precision to take down this many people, and enough force to break through walls."
Izawa: "......so it's like a machine gun?"
Akihito: "That'll be bad if we have to fight this thing."
Benio: "Fight......yeah, we have to stop whatever did this, don't we......?"
This monster is at least as dangerous as Jack the Ripper.
Izawa: "We kill them before they kill us.
―――Whoever they might be."
Izawa's friend probably didn't survive.
This is already a kingdom of corpses. You don't need a bloodhound to smell the death here. Izawa must have realized.
That's why he's grinding his teeth, directing his anger toward an enemy that isn't here so that he can sink his fangs into their throat.
Yoruko: "......I found someone! They're alive......two of them! And――"
Before Yoruko can finish, an enormous object falls silently from above.
Kagome: "―――Scatter!"
Kagome reacts first, then Izawa.
We run in all directions as an inverted cone with an angel figurehead falls to the ground. A Burroughs-class avatar.
Izawa: "―――Kill them, Babylon!!"
Gate light appears in response to Izawa's summon.
The black dragon crawls out of the sleeping earth, and five wills are loaded into it. Life flows into the steel corpse.
Izawa: "If you did this――Then I'll crush you right here and now!!"
The fearless mad dog makes the first move. Babylon reacts to Izawa's bloodlust and――
Akihito: "Wait, Izawa! That's not........."
???: "――――Wait right there."
A voice like a vividly blooming flower. I take control of the pitch black dragon and stop its charge.
The Burroughs slides away, distancing itself from Babylon.
Izawa: "Mizuwa......what the hell are you doing?"
The two avatars just barely avoided a collision, but the tension remains.
Akihito: "Calm down. Just look at that avatar."
Izawa: "What? ......that's......I know that one......"
Benio: "I think...it's called...umm......"
Kagome: "It's Miss Jh. Looks like your memory is as lackluster as your chest."
???: "The black dragon......I see. You aren't the ones who did this, right?"
A woman with blond hair, green eyes, and exotic brown skin steps into the light from my flashlight.
Even in a derelict building filled with corpses, she walks like a model on the runway, her luster untarnished.
Akihito: "......Rondo Rondo, was it?"
A princess we met on a moonlit night. As a reward for my recollection, her well-formed lips rise in a clear smile.
Rondo: "Yes. How long has it been, Mizuwa Akihito? They say the first encounter is chance, but the second is fate. Do you believe that?"
A lot of people I know are showing up today. It almost feels like a party.
More footsteps wander through the building.
The "survivors" Yoruko found were Rondo Rondo, her partner, Kimizuka Iroha, and their avatar――Miss Jh.
They join us in our journey through death. These two were also brought here by the incidents last night.
Akihito: "You also know someone who didn't come back from this?"
Rondo: "Yes, that's right."
Iroha: "This is how it looked when we got here. We have no idea what madman did this."
Kimizuka Iroha――
Rondo's partner.
Freckles, short hair, and slender legs in short pants. She reminds me of a wild animal sprinting under the sun, somewhere far away from this dank, gloomy place.
She and Rondo Rondo are both eye-catching, but the brown-skinned princess has a strong will, while Iroha's charm comes from her active body movement.
They fit each other perfectly, like a sword and scabbard literally made for each other. They're picturesque when they stand together.
Rondo: "And you............you can't all be part of the same coμ."
Rondo quickly counts us. Seven. Too many for one coμ. Not enough to play baseball.
Akihito: "Just a group outing."
Haru: "Come to think of it, we haven't eaten lunch yet. Wanna get something after this? I'm in the mood for yakitori."
Benio: "......I dunno about meat......"
Mayuki: "......uee."
Yoruko: "......aau."
Izawa: "Be quiet. This is no picnic."
Iroha: "Huh? He just said it was a group outing."
Izawa: "Don't listen to idiots like him."
Izawa glances angrily at me.
Kagome: "That sounds nice."
Akihito: "......I take it you still have an appetite."
A voracious witch. Normally she devours three times as much food as anyone else, but still maintains that waistline. It has to be the byproduct of some evil curse.
Rondo: "That's the backstage area. When the gigs happen here, they always have a room here for the promoters."
Akihito: "I take it you know a lot about these gigs."
Iroha: "It's not unusual. The Coμnet's been talking about it constantly. We've been to a few of them."
Izawa: "You hang out with the trash that watches these fights?"
Iroha: "......well, we weren't expecting anything like this to happen."
Rondo: "We were thinking of checking the promoter's room before leaving."
Akihito: "We'll come with you."
The excitement must've been feverish back when all these people were alive. There's a trailer near the wall with a large LCD screen on one side. There's a DJ and announcer booth inside.
As expected, no one's alive back here. One of the containers was used as an office. It's surprisingly neat. The organizer must've been pretty meticulous.
There are huge holes in the walls of the container where the avatar's weapon broke through.
Benio: "......I can't forgive whoever did this......"
Benio frowns as the thick smell of entrails reaches her.
Izawa: "If you have time to babble on like that, check the bodies' pockets or something."
Benio: "N-no way......"
Haru: "You might discover something new if you try it."
Mayuki: "That's a good attitude to have, but......either you can't do it, or you can but won't do it. Everything's like that."
Iroha: "Doesn't that mean you do nothing?"
Mayuki: "You saw right through me."
Yoruko: "......"
Kimizuka blends into the group right away. Yoruko's much shyer, so she doesn't say much.
Haru: "If I knew it'd be like this, I wouldn't have worn such a long skirt."
The tall maid's long frilly skirt flutters as she walks between the bodies. Master, how would you like a funeral?
Akihito: "That was a bit dark."
Kagome: "You're thinking useless things again."
Akihito: "Don't ask......anyway, what else do you know about the gigs?"
Rondo: "Someone called Noiz started them so people could gamble on avatar duels. He pays the winners very well, so a lot of connectors are interested these days."
Mayuki: "Giant robot battles......that is appealing."
A game. An audience. Gambling.
Self-indulgence, thrills that can't be found anywhere else, and a cash prize.
It's a perfect combination.
Kagome: "Hmph, Noiz?"
Akihito: "Kagome-san, do you know him?"
Kagome: "He was a legendary producer in the club scene a few years ago. No one knows his real age or gender."
A man rots at Kagome's feet. The top half of his body is nowhere in sight.
Akihito: "......at least he won't have anything weighing him down in the afterlife."
Kagome: "You still believe in such things?"
The witch looks down on me, then crouches at the corpse's feet.
Akihito: "You think this guy is Noiz?"
Kagome: "That was his seat, and his possessions imply he was in charge of this."
Akihito: "......any form of ID?"
Kagome: "No. He always was a mystery. Even in death he manages to keep his identity secret."
Akihito: "Izawa, have you found anything?"
Izawa: "......no. Dammit! There's nothing here but ordinary corpses. They've been torn apart so much I can't tell who anyone is!!"
Haru: "It'd be bad if they weren't ordinary. They might get up and start chasing us."
Mayuki: "Fast......
zombies......"
Benio: "Uuuuu, everything's red......"
Benio-chan's starting to lose it.
Benio: "Sorry, I need to go outside......"
We leave the red room in search of fresh air.
Akihito: "Hey, Kagome, about this morning's news......"
Kagome: "You don't usually catch on so quick, Akihito."
Akihito: "That doesn't sound like a compliment."
Izawa: "......are you saying the monster on the highway did this too?"
The monster on the highway――We have no proof, but that was almost certainly an avatar.
Akihito: "It's just a hunch for now, but the way it just slaughtered everything in sight――It's very similar."
There are plenty of people who go mad with power after getting an avatar, and start commiting crimes instead of obeying the Round Table.
But "crazy" doesn't even begin to describe whoever's responsible for these two incidents.
They're far more dangerous than Jack the Ripper was. They don't care where, when, or who they kill. Every living thing in sight is reduced to blood. Jack may have been a ripper, but this thing is a pure killer.
Akihito: "This isn't even that far from the highway. Especially for an avatar."
Izawa: "And this monster is still lurking in our city?"
Kagome: "Not just a monster."
The witch always looks coldly down at us as she sneers.
Kagome: "A monster desperate for blood."
Benio: "――――G-guys, over here! Someone's here!"
Benio leaps up frantically.
The second floor of the factory. Through the window we can see intruders moving carefully through the shadows.
Haru: "Wow, good job spotting them. I might lick you later."
Benio: "P-please don't do that......"
A van stops outside the fence. Four young men get out, along with two others in business suits.
A baseball cap. A hip-hop artist. A blondie. A skinhead.
......that odd foursome looks like underlings of the other two.
They stick out so much it's almost comical.
Rondo: "......think they're also looking for someone they know?"
Akihito: "Let's hope they're nice, reasonable people."
Mayuki: "That would be too convenient, Akihito-san. In a situation like this, the only people who suddenly show up are secret agents that erase anyone they find to cover up the secret."
Yoruko: "......"
Izawa groans slightly.
Izawa: "They've found our car. They might assume one of the dead guys owns it, but you never know."
Haru: "Maybe we should've hidden it......"
Kagome: "――――They're military."
The witch's declaration sends chills down my spine.
Benio: "Hi-Hinaori-san, that's not funny......"
Izawa: "Idiot. This snake wouldn't joke about that."
Mayuki: "......you trust her. Such friendship. I feel all warm and fuzzy."
Izawa: "......shut up, chibi."
Akihito: "So you are serious?"
Kagome: "Look at their shirts......can't you see it from here?"
Akihito: "No, whatever it is, you're the only one who can see it at any distance."
Kagome: "They're marching properly too. They've definitely been trained."
Benio: "Couldn't they be undercover cops――――?"
Kagome smiles ever so slightly.
Benio: "......I guess......not."
Iroha: "Do you think they actually are from some secret government organization? There's no way, right......?"
Izawa: "There was a lot of money in those gigs, so whoever funded them must've sent these guys."
Benio: "They're coming this way......"
The men seem to be looking for something. They finish checking the fence, and start heading into the factory.
Rondo: "Iroha."
Iroha: "Yeah, I know, Rondo."
Akihito: "Where are you going? The bathroom's that――
Gobuu!"
Benio: "You should know better."
Benio's educational stomach-breaking elbow strike.
Kagome: "Your head is still as bad as your personality."
Akihito: "......are you in any postion to complain about someone else's personality?"
Haru: "I see, so that's what you're into. I'll think about it next time."
Mayuki: "......perv."
Rondo: "I'll just talk to them."
Rondo turns back toward us with a confident smile on her face.
Yoruko: "......"
Akihito: "I would avoid asking strangers out on dates."
Rondo: "I'm sick of all these mysteries. We don't know the first thing about these bodies or those soldiers. I know they won't tell us much, but anything they say could be a hint at this point."
Iroha: "What she said. Back in a sec."
Akihito: "I doubt they'll be very cooperative though."
Rondo: "If they don't want to talk, I'll make them."
Rondo: "I'm Rondo Rondo. I won't allow anyone to get in my way, no matter who they are."
Benio: "By "make them"......you mean by force?"
Benio stands firmly in Rondo's way.
Rondo: "If that's what I have to do, then I'll do it."
Benio: "You can't! We have no idea who they are. You can't just go around......!"
Rondo: "As I said, I won't allow anyone to get in my way."
Rondo's glare is intense enough to start fires, but Benio takes it head on. The dark corridor feels so tense my throat aches.
Haru: "――There's no reason to think they're good guys."
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, you're so cold."
Izawa: "I'm with the princess on this."
Rondo: "......p-princess......?"
Akihito: "You like the exotic type?"
Izawa: "She's right. We'll learn more from them than we'll ever get searching corpses."
Izawa: "Plus, if there is someone behind this massacre......I'm going to crush them."
Kagome: "They're here."
Kagome has been coldly watching the outside. She informs us of the reality that there's no time left to make a decision.
The two men in suits lead the pack. The scene is far more gruesome than they expected, making them grimace as they advance.
But they continue moving efficiently, making it obvious they've been trained. Then they pull out their guns.
Customized Glock 17s. One of the best sellers from a top-notch gun maker.
It has a distinguished track record in both private and government organizations.
When they reach the center, the other four come forward.
Baseball Cap: "You two stand back. We can handle it."
Baseball Cap: "Let's do this. Burn everything――――Apollon!!"
Swirling gate light appears, and an avatar rises up.
Orange armor and an enormous sword. It's a standard Ivanhoe.
Skinhead: "Well, it'd be bad if we really did burn up everything."
Baseball Cap: "Anyway, are any of them still alive?"
Skinhead: "Don't rush this. It takes time to search a――!?"
When the skinhead gasps with shock, something breaks through the second floor wall. An abnormal metal object suddenly descends in front of them.
Rondo's avatar, Miss Jh. The angel falls silently to the Earth, then slides through the air, charging toward Apollon.
It's moving almost twice as fast as when it dropped in front of us. It's ready to fight this time.
Rondo: "Miss Jh, go!"
Rondo and Iroha are up on the catwalks.
A clear vantage point is an important part of any life-or-death avatar fight.
Choosing the high ground makes it easier to see things, but also makes it easier for the enemy to see you.
Rondo deliberately chose a high vantage point.
She wants to be able to control her avatar properly, even if it means letting the enemy see her.
She may have been talking tough, but right now Rondo and Iroha are the only ones connected to Miss Jh.
A powerful avatar controlled by only two people. They know better than any of us what a dangerous gamble that is.
Either way, this fight will end in an instant. Rondo can't take a prolonged battle.
――Rondo Rondo takes on that danger.
She prepares herself for the worst.
Four odd-looking men brought here by two military officials.The coμ connected to that Ivanhoe――――
Someone was secretly helping the gigs, and there are connectors working for him.
Something burns inside me like glowing embers. I find myself strangely irritated by the misplaced loyalty of these connectors.
Connectors guided by Girl A――Avatar users forming a coμ.
Rondo had been yearning for that power long before it arrived.
She was beaten down, knowing her wish would never come true, but still fought on regardless――
And then Girl A visited her in the depths of despair. For Rondo, that first meeting was a true miracle.
That's why―――
Rondo Rondo can't forgive connectors who sell their souls away.
Rondo: "Miss Jh――Hammer of Brody!"
Miss Jh's three arms rise up like jousting lances.
Her ultimate attack is material penetration. Those three fantastic arms can slip through any substance as if it was empty air.
No armor offers any protection against that attack. The Hammer of Brody can pass through any enemy and destroy it from within――――
She can't afford to drag this out, so she's trying to catch them by surprise and end this with a single attack.
Apollon retaliates with its sword. The giant's three meter blade rushes forth like a tornado.
One of Miss Jh's arms touches the sword as it comes down.
At that moment, it bursts apart.
Half of the giant's sword shatters from the inside out.
Miss Jh's second arm immediately follows up. Apollon was knocked to the ground by the last attack, so it has no means of avoiding this one.
Apollon holds up its right hand like a shield, but the Hammer of Brody slips right through it, directly into its torso.
Just before the lance's tip reaches the Ivanhoe's core, Apollon's hand touches the center of Miss Jh's arm.
A momentary crossing. A mere brush.
Rondo: "――――!?"
Miss Jh's second arm snaps in two.
How did they do that?
The sword? Raw strength? Fangs?―――It was none of those.
Baseball Cap: "Apollon, kill them!! Crush them all!!"
He swings his arm like a baseball pitcher. It's not a very well-executed attack, but that merely demonstrates his confidence.
Miss Jh retreats, evading the arcing hand of destruction by a hair's breadth.
Iroha took control and gave that order in Rondo's place.
Apollon closes in. Iroha finally notices its strange shape.
Overall it's still a fairly ordinary Ivanhoe, but its right arm is disproportionately large, like a fiddler crab.
Iroha: "―――Dammit, it's so fast......!!"
Apollon is faster than Miss Jh. Having four connectors instead of two makes a huge difference.
Rondo: "Iroha!"
Yoruko: "Ansetzen――――
Bigwig!!"
An arrow of light pierces the hand of destruction at the last moment. Rondo's and Iroha's eyes open wide in disbelief.
Apollon's right arm falls to the ground with a loud clang.
Yoruko: "――――This is a warning. Unsummon your avatar and surrender. Next time I won't aim for your arm."
Shinomiya Yoruko.
Two avatars come forth on the ground floor of the factory. Two "swords" float at Yoruko's sides, like loyal subjects.
And then――
Gate light swirls as a pitch black dragon appears.
Akihito: "Harder than you expected?"
Rondo: "............not really. If you were a bit slower you would've seen us beat them."
I stand next to Rondo on the catwalk. Kagome and the others follow me.
Izawa: "They're not getting rid of their avatar. Shouldn't we just tear it apart?"
Akihito: "......talking is better than fighting."
Bigwig's Arrow――
That ray of light from Yoruko's "swords" is a powerful attack most avatars can't block or dodge.
And she can't miss at this range. The Ivanhoe is finished.
Baseball Cap: "......this isn't working. No choice. Hey, everyone fall back."
Blondie: "S-seriously? Do we have to......?"
Baseball Cap: "I feel bad for the suits, but we can't do a proper search anymore."
Kagome: "Akihito."
Akihito: "What's wrong, Kago――――!?"
The Ivanhoe's acting strange.It's about to――――!
Akihito: "Crap! ......hey, Mayuki――!!"
Apollon's pupils glow bright. Yoruko senses the danger and orders Bigwig to attack without hesitation.At that moment――
A shockwave blows toward us. An invisible wave flows out from Apollon and across the ground. Bright flames erupt behind it.
Scraps of paper, blocks of wood, human bodies, all of them roasted in an instant like flammable garbage. Even the metallic objects are melting.
Heat――
Apollon can control heat. A searing giant whose internal temperature is probably over a thousand degrees.
Apollon's heat is normally contained in a special field, so it only melts things that touch its right hand. Miss Jh's arm wasn't cut. It was burned off.
But that's child's play compared to its true power. When it releases its heat, it becomes a small sun, turning everything in its vicinity to ash.
A shockwave of heat――
Yoruko's left sword flies forward on its own.
Dandelion. One of Yoruko's "swords." Bigwig is an unstoppable lance, but Dandelion can create a defensive shield.
That shield can block even direct attacks at least a few times. It's the core of Shinomiya Yoruko's defense.
It's not enough. Apollon's heat is so tremendous even the air turns to flame. No "shield" can completely contain it.
All avatars share the same weakness. Their fragile human connectors. If the air around us grows too hot, there's nothing to protect Yoruko.
Akihito: "Yoruko――!!"
Yoruko: "――! Ah――Uua!?"
Just in time, Miss Jh grabs Yoruko and carries her up to the catwalks.
Yoruko: "Ah――――"
Rondo: "......now we're even."
Mayuki: "Any slower and we'd be nine Japanese roast chickens by now."
Babylon stands in front of us, Yoruko, Rondo and Iroha, using its darkness to protect all nine of us from the burning air.
Mayuki deployed Babylon's "black shield" just in time. That wall of gravity can block any physical phenomenon, even the Ivanhoe's heat wave.
Rondo: "I've never seen an Ivanhoe this powerful before......"
Normally, Ivanhoes are good at melee combat, but don't have much in the way of special abilities.
But those categories are just for convenience. There's no reason why an Ivanhoe with incredibly powerful abilities can't exist.
Still, you'd expect something this powerful to have come up in one or two rumors on the Coμnet.
Akihito: "And they didn't even hesitate――"
They chose to kill Yoruko without a second thought. They weren't even trying to destroy our avatars, but to burn us to death directly.
There's tons of coμs that get intoxicated by their power and do stupid things, but most of them never cross that line.
The taboo of murder――
The wall that common sense has built around that act is surprisingly high. Most people need something exceptional to push them into doing it.
Plus, coμs keep each other in check, whether they're doing so on purpose or not.
When other people are watching, you want to look presentable. Grab any ten people off the street, and most of them will be cowards who just don't want to rock the boat. Even in the Coμnet, that "normal" behavior remains strong.
Izawa: "I'll get those bastards. Mizuwa, I need your help."
Akihito: "If we screw up and move the shield we'll just get everyone roasted."
Izawa: "I'm not staying put and waiting either. It'll be fine as long as I kill it right away!"
Kagome: "......"
Benio: "Wait, something's not right――"
Baseball Cap: "Why aren't they dead!?"
The black dragon stands firm against Apollon's heat wave. Most avatars wouldn't be able to stay this close to it.
But the problem is the humans behind it. There's no way any of us could survive that.
Blondie: "They must have some defensive abilities......"
Baseball Cap: "Enough to block the Sun of Python!?"
The Sun of Python generates temperatures up to two thousand degrees.If any avatar could survive that――――
Baseball Cap: "......okay, full power this time."
The four men run even farther away. If they stay they'll be killed by the Sun of Python too.
Every trace of these killings will be reduced to ash. Neither they nor us will learn anything more from it.
Baseball Cap: "Burn in hell, weaklings!"
He turns around before leaving the building.The heat turns from orange to blue, and from blue to white.Apollon moves, preparing to attack the pitch-black dragon.
Baseball Cap: "――――――――!!"
His legs freeze with terror.
Without any warning, Apollon suddenly cools down and descends into gate light at its feet.
Izawa: "Huh? ......are you running away!?"
Babylon swings its claws, and the Ivanhoe willingly takes the blow as it disappears.
Haru: "It got away."
Izawa: "......this is your fault for not controlling it better!!"
Mayuki: "Blaming others makes you look lame."
Benio: "But what made them run away so fast?"
Akihito: "......maybe they had a date?"
Izawa: "God dammit!"
Izawa kicks the fence out of frustration.
They run. They run. They run.Apollon's four connectors desperately run away in terror.They're too scared to even turn around.
Baseball Cap: "Hiiii! Hiaa! Huuu!"
Blondie: "Haa, haa, ha, this can't......be happening, right......?"
The others run without answering. One vomits as he runs. Their bodies shudder as if blades of ice have pierced their backs, and they're about to vomit their intestines out. They desperately try to suppress their constant urges to scream.
One scream will be the end of them, but they keep screaming until they go mad. It takes form and pursues them. They can't endure it.
This can't be right. There's no way it could be there of all places......
――――That thing should not be here.
They can see the van they came here in. The two suits probably left earlier.
For now, they need to run. As far away as they possibly can. Every second, every meter counts.
Just keep running until that thing can't catch us――――
The moment one of them touches the back door handle......
The unmarked van flies straight up into the air.
That can't happen――It's not a rocketship......
He told them he didn't like that color, but they insisted on a plain navy blue van because "it won't stand out."
Baseball Cap: "Ha, haha......aaaaaaa......"
When he realizes a giant arm is holding the van fifteen meters in the air, a hollow, emotionless smile forms on his face.
Baseball Cap: "――――――"
A pitch-black giant, twenty meters tall.
It's beyond human comprehension. There's only one thing he knows of which comes close.
Baseball Cap: "Th-......the Omnipotent............"
Baseball Cap: "......w-......wait, we can talk about this......I didn't mean to do that......s-so please, don't......let us......please!"
He begs as hard as he can.
How stupid is he? Making excuses and begging for your life only works on humans. This thing couldn't care less.
After all......
This thing has no equal. It breathes destruction. It enables massacre.
――――――The Omnipotent.
Baseball Cap: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaapollon――――!!!"
High above his head, the black arm effortlessly crushes the van. The moment that sight burns into his retinas, the man screams and summons Apollon.
The giant knight is already a glowing lump of metal. The man's terror pushed him to release the full power of his avatar. 
Of course, that heat could easily kill them too, but he's no longer calm or rational enough to notice that.
―――Light.
Not one person saw what happened. All they saw was light, and by the time they asked themselves what it was, Apollon was cut into eight pieces.
Four overlapping screams as they "crash."That shared death is the one rule which binds all connectors.
The harbor falls silent. The pitch-black giant has vanished without a trace.
All that remains is a dry breeze carrying the smell of death――――
====================T0090：不穏の気配①レギオン襲撃_0602.json====================
405 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 04:33:56I thought the coμ hunters were dead.
406 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 04:51:02>>351
The Round Table still can't get its act together. They act like everyone's nanny but when push comes to shove they never lift a finger.
407 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 05:10:11
Rumor has it the black dragon was the one who killed Jack the Ripper.Also, we're talking about the monster on the highway, right?
408 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 05:15:17
I keep telling you, they weren't the only coμ hunters. There's no way Jack killed all of those people all by himself.
409 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 05:34:45password for the highway monster wiki plz
410 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 05:57:18
There've been four group deaths this month, right?They probably aren't all coμ hunters, but still.
411 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 06:26:38
I'm just sad to see the gigs go awayThey were so exciting
412 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 06:28:12>>410
There are probably other avatar crashes that society hasn't identified as group deaths. Not all coμ deaths end up on the news.
413 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:42:24
That aside, have you seen how far these stocks are falling? Everyone sell! lolololololololol
414 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:43:29
That's two Legion members in a row, so shouldn't Caesar make a move soon? Or maybe his bark is worse than his bite, lololol
Mishima Yousuke always thought he was special.
Ever since he was little, he was always a step or two ahead of everyone around him.
He was an eldest son, so his parents had high hopes and certain other people either respected or envied him.
He eventually got bored of that. Effort is meaningless without an objective. His reasons for devoting himself disappeared.
And as he was trying to find a new outlet for his talent......―――He met Girl A.
After his initial surprise, it felt entirely natural to him. This merely proved that he really was different from all the normal people.
By the time Mishima learned a group of coμs was called a cabal, he was already leading a small one.
He picked fights with other small groups.
At first it was a silly fight, started by someone walking into someone else on the sidewalk. But before he knew it, his cabal was beyond saving.
In reality, it was a trap. The group he's fighting is led by a man named Caesar.
―――He's been defeated.
That's an understatement. For the first time in his life, he was completely and utterly outmatched.
The kingdom and castle he built were torn apart overnight. He relives that event every time he closes his eyes.
On that day, Mishima became a core member of Caesar's Legion.
――Yes, he met a real leader.
He was a mere imitation. He acted special, but couldn't really back it up.
Caesar was different. He had something truly special, something unshakable.He was a king.
That's why――――
The second shot hit its target.
Randolph reels from the impact. The armored fish falls into a nearby building at an unnatural angle.
It's still bouyant, but it writhes around, rubbing itself against the building.
―――Dammit, where are they!?
Mishima's coμ has a typical Caspar called Randolph. That category of avatar has long-range abilities, and is better in a support role rather than direct combat.
At long distances, Randolph is easily one of the top three avatars in Caesar's Legion.
And it's being toyed with.
The third shot hits. They have no idea what's shooting them, or where it's coming from. There's no sign of another avatar anywhere in sight.
―――That's it......!
Mishima finally realizes. He gnashes his teeth from anger, not frustration. His face has sunken cheeks, making it resemble a dog's.
That has to be it.
These are coμ hunters. Insane, vile connectors who kill their own kind.
They were after Randolph from the start. The first attack was only meant to scare Mishima into summoning it.
But the enemy avatar never showed itself. Every time it shoots, it hides so fast that Mishima hasn't been able to attack it once. 
He's never seen anything like this.
The enemy was waiting for this moment. Mishima can't prevent the anger inside him from changing into terror.
The unknown is what humans fear most.
Many avatars have an ability to trick both human eyes and avatar senses, but this is something else.
Many also have abilities that violate basic laws of physics, but he's never seen anything this bizarre.
Bizarre―――
Come to think of it, coμ hunters are pretty bizarre already.
And they've attacked the Legion twice now. Caesar thinks they're doing it on purpose, to weaken them, but Mishima couldn't believe that.
Caesar's Legion.An army that obeys the champion, acting as his sword and his fortress.
They're different from the Round Table. As the Jack the Ripper incident showed, the Table is hopelessly antiquated.
Caesar and his Legion have even more power than the dragon that defeated Jack.
The Legion shows no mercy to those who oppose it.The Legion never forgives those who harm its members.
Caesar has many enemies, but his empire is nearing completion. There aren't many idiots left who would go out of their way to rattle the beehive by attacking them――
A faint flash of light appears in the darkness.
A rainbow-colored flare.It reminds him of a flower blooming, then its petals being blown away.
Mishima: "――――――!"
The fourth shot penetrates his armor.
A fatal blow. Randolph loses all bouyancy and plummets to the ground. It lands on an illegally parked car, like a tombstone.
――Mishima's coμ screams for a moment, then dies.
Yoruko: "This is the knight."
Yoruko: "――I see, so that's why......all right. Put all teams on alert tevel two and await orders."
Yoruko: "......this is the third attack. They got Mishima."
Gasai and Yoruko are in a quiet room. The champion leans back in his sofa. Very few members of the Legion ever get to see him like this.
Gasai: "Akiyama, Gwen, Mishima......it's almost certain what the coμ hunters are after now."
Yoruko is a knight. She fights only on her king's orders. She says nothing, effectively asking him what to do.
Gasai: "Summon everyone. Whoever attacks part of the Legion is an enemy of Caesar."
Gasai: "And Caesar's enemies must be defeated."
Gasai: "An eye for an eye. A sword for a sword.To maintain the dignity of Caesar's Legion――"
He declares the beginning of a war.
====================T0100：日常風景・アヤヤと架条_0602.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "Where can I go......?"
The world shakes violently.The sky and the ground rumble and oscillate.
Akihito: "Earthquake!"
Benio: "Good morning."
I leap up in bed. Benio's standing next to me, fully awake for once. She was waking me up.
Akihito: "......so the earthquake was your doing."
I check the clock. It's 9:30 on a weekend.
Akihito: "There's no school today, so I'm sleeping in until noon. Even school battle heroes need their rest."
I'm still too tired to think straight. I pull the covers over me and go back to sleep.
Benio: "A girl just woke you up, you know. Saho says men dream about that. You're just going to ignore it?"
Akihito: "......"
Benio: "Also, who's the one who asked me to wake them up today?"
My brain leaps out of bed. I check the time again. 9:40. I promised the Owner I'd meet him at the station at ten.
Akihito: "Gyaaa!!"
I'm not gonna make it!!
I don't have work on the weekends, but the Owner wanted me to come with him today to buy some supplies for the bar.
Tianwen: "......and that's when I started really liking that place. I might ask you to help with this again, so I think it'd be good for you to see it."
Akihito: "............'kay."
The Owner's voice goes in one of my ears and out the other. From the passenger seat, I gaze vacantly at the satnav and give a weak answer.
The scenery outside is truly peaceful. The spring sun is nice and warm and young plants blossom along the city streets.
I see an old woman walking a small dog and butterflies flying past a dog's nose.
As I watch the apparent peacefulness of the city, I try to forget about what's going on behind the scenes.
The massacre at the gig――
After chasing away the mysterious Ivanhoe, we quickly left too. We didn't want to deal with any reinforcements.
I feel like something very bad is happening.
Kagome said those two men in suits were military. That coμ was serving them. Who were they?
Their avatar clearly wasn't responsible for those deaths. It didn't have the right kind of power.
A monster even worse than Jack, killing all it sees without mercy.The boy Izawa was looking for probably didn't make it.
What are Rondo and Yoruko going to do? Yoruko was probably sent by Gasai, but how will he respond to this?
Dammit! I can't just ignore this. I have to do something before it kills more people.
Countless deaths filled that factory. Tragedies. Death, death, and more death. An irritated malaise slowly rises up within me. I'm supposed to stay out of things that don't concern me, but......
Tianwen: "......Akihito-kun."
Tianwen: "Akihito-kun, are you listening? You look vulnerable."
Akihito: "Eh? Uwahieeeeoa!?"
Suddenly, he touches my inner thighs.
Akihito: "Stop! Keep your eyes on the road!"
Tianwen: "Uhuhuhu, you've had trouble focusing too. You were even late this morning. Is something bothering you?"
Akihito: "......the city looks nice and peaceful out here."
Tianwen: "But something bad's happening, isn't it?"
I blatantly try to change the subject, but the Owner shows a dark smile. He dominates the back alleys of the city center, so――
Tianwen: "Ah, look at that little (*underaged) girl, she's so cuuuuuuute~"
He glares at a mother and child on the sidewalk with passion and breathes heavily. He's just a lolicon.
Akihito: "You really do have no boundaries."
Tianwen: "Our opinions on female beauty aside, the city has been dangerous lately. UMAs, bombings, ghost girls, the "monster on the highway"......maybe evil spreads the most when it has a shadow of peace to hide under."
Tianwen: "People's true character comes out at times like this. If something's bothering you, please talk to me about it. I like to think I'm a useful man."
Akihito: "Eeeh? ......thank you."
My shoulders loosen up as I lean back into my seat. I hadn't even noticed they were tense.
Tianwen: "By the way, Akihito-kun. What do you plan on doing after you graduate?"
Akihito: "That's sudden......hmmm, I dunno. To be honest, I haven't thought about it much."
Tianwen: "Will you be a salaryman?"
Akihito: "Eh......? I still have a long time before graduation."
Tianwen: "I'm serious. You're a good man, Akihito-kun. You aren't easily shaken, you can adapt quickly, and there's a lot I'd appreciate your help with."
He really does sound serious.
Akihito: "Well, I'll think about it."
Tianwen: "I guess it is still a ways off."
A salaryman......that sounds so strange. I'm completely used to Izalone now, and I can speak to the Owner about practically anything.
I assume some of the things he wants "help" with are a bit dangerous, but even then, it's not a bad offer.
Akihito: "......ask me again at some point. Before I graduate."
Tianwen: "I'll do that."
The future. It's only a few years away, but at my age that's a very long time. I don't feel like thinking about it right now.
We enter the small shop the Owner was telling me about. The display cases have glasses, shakers, stir sticks, and other things a bar would need. I recognize a lot of them.
Akihito: "Oooh, so this is where you get those things from."
Tianwen: "When you manage your own bar, you start caring about places like this."
Akihito: "Are we buying a replacement for the glass that group broke the other night?"
Last week we had a group of higher-ups from a local firm. A lot of important people seem to visit that bar. I'm not sure if it's just that popular, or if something fishy is going on.
Tianwen: "Yes, yes, that zombie glass. Also, it's almost summer, so I wanted to get another squeezer for when we need to make fresh juice."
Akihito: "Good idea, the stainless steel one we have is starting to turn black."
Tianwen: "Stainless steel is so cool, but citric acid makes it go black so quickly."
I grab a zombie glass and a new fruit squeezer.
Zombie glasses are just tall and thin glasses used to serve a cocktail called a zombie.
These days they're normally called collins glasses, but the Owner is from a previous generation. Or maybe he just finds the name funny.
Akihito: "Okay, this one, and this......wait, wh-whoaaa!?"
It's so expensive I scream. A single one of these glasses could buy a few dozen apartments like the one I live in. The world is weird.
Tianwen: "Spending money on things like this is part of being a cool adult."
Akihito: "This is still nuts............"
I'll probably be a lame adult, so I feel down now.
He pulls out a number of Yukichis (10,000 yen notes) for that glass, and we very carefully carry it back to the car. The packaging should keep it safe, but after seeing that price, I'm not taking any chances.
Tianwen: "You don't have to be that careful with it."
Akihito: "No, it's fine, this feels like carrying firm tofu."
Tianwen: "Well, if it breaks I'll take it out of your wages."
Akihito: "Don't make me more nervous!"
I quickly put it in the back seat and make sure it's stable.
???: "Oooh! If it isn't Senpai!"
Akihito: "Owaaa!?"
A loud voice from behind makes me leap back. I was so on edge I almost cry from fright.
Ayaya: "Oooh, Senpai's crying. Ayaya has evolved into a sinful woman that makes men cry~"
Akihito: "......by the way, you could please not shout from right behind me any more?"
Ayaya: "Hau?"
She tilts her head, as if it never occurred to her. She's a sinful woman, but in a different way.
Ayaya: "Not only that, this is super lucky! I've been looking for you, Senpai, but I didn't think I'd run into you here!"
Tianwen: "Oh, you're......I do believe we've met before. Umm, you're the one who keeps having lover's quarrels with Akihito-kun......"
Akihito: "NO! I don't have those with anyone! She's just my kouhai."
Tianwen: "How boring."
He's really disappointed.
Ayaya: "Ah, it's Owner-san. Thank you so much for helping me and Yosshi back then."
She bows very deep. Ayaya and the Owner met back during the Yoshimori incident.
Akihito: "Anyway, Ayaya, you said you were looking for me? You could've just called."
Ayaya: "I was! I wasn't getting anywhere so I gave up and dated someone else, but here you are!"
Akihito: "What? Date!?"
Ayaya is the relaxing kind of kouhai that makes you feel like you're at a petting zoo. But someone's dating her? Who!?
Kajou: "Hm? You know these men?"
Her partner catches up. Shockingly, it's a middle-aged man!
An invincible pretty man with long, flowing hair. Was the young, innocent schoolgirl drawn to the gravitas that no young man could produce!?
Akihito: "A sugar daddy!?"
I utter dangerous words in a shout of despair.
Ayaya: "He's my uncle."
A simple answer. The truth is always boring.
Ayaya nimbly bounces around while introducing us, like a butterfly checking multiple flowers.
Ayaya: "This is Kajou-oji-san, Ayaya's uncle. He's a big shot at a research facility."
Kajou: "I'm Kajou Uehito. Call me Professor Kajou, or just Professor."
He smiles immodestly, clearly conveying his belief that nothing in heaven or earth can stop him.
Akihito: "Profe......"
For some reason I know a lot of people like this.
Ayaya: "This is Mizuwa-senpai. This is the highly-praised Senpai that Ayaya currently has her heart set on."
Akihito: "Umm, I'm Mizuwa Akihito. I don't really......"
Kajou: "Oooh, you are in luck!"
Akihito: "Huh?"
Kajou: "Don't you understand? ......hm, no, perhaps it would be too hard for you. Still......was it really wrong of me to expect this level of comprehension from normal people......!?"
Tianwen: "Umm, aren't you going to introduce me......?"
The Owner and I feel left out as Kajou folds his arms and strokes his jaw.
Kajou: "I mean your name."
Akihito: "I'm still not sure what you mean."
Ayaya: "Aaah, they are similar."
Kajou: "That's my niece. You may not be smart but your intuition is sharp."
Ayaya: "Teheheh~"
They're connected by mysterious family-only communication channels. I have no idea what Kajou-oji-san is talking about, but I can tell he's not complimenting Ayaya.
Kajou: "Now, here is the answer. Your name and my surname have similar intonations!"
He points, as if expecting a dramatic noise to accompany it.
Akihito: "And......that's lucky?"
Kajou: "Let me ask you. I am a genius, and your name resembles mine, so why do you not feel fortunate?"
......I seem to know a lot of people who act like this.
Tianwen: "Do you mind if I introduce myself now?I'm Chai Tianwen, owner of the bar where Akihito-kun works."
Ayaya: "Ah, sorry. Kajou-oji-san is always like this. He's kinda fun once you're used to it."
Ayaya gently defends him.
Akihito: "Bring two weirdos together and you get a......"
Ayaya: "Hm? Ayaya's perfectly normal."
Humans have no self-awareness.
Akihito: "So......umm, Kajou-san, you say you're a genius?"
Kajou: "No, no, a great genius."
He's serious. He's completely serious.
Tianwen: "This man has no guilt."
Ayaya: "Well, he's just like this."
Kajou: "Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!"
Akihito: "Ha! Ha! Ha!"
I try laughing with him. I'm used to these people, so it doesn't bother me.
Ayaya: "Oji-san moved here for work the other day, and I had some free time since Senpai wasn't around, so I'm showing him around the city."
Kajou: "They made me fly here overnight, and then delayed the meeting because of some local trouble. Bureaucrats have no respect for a genius' time."
Kajou: "Do you understand? A genius' time is far more valuable than a normal person's. Don't you think so? Loss equals IQ times seconds."
Akihito: "So how much did you lose just now?"
Kajou: "Let's say my IQ is 530000, and these six hours are 21600 seconds, so I've lost 11448000000."
He throws out enormous numbers without context like a little kid.
Akihito: "Sounds like shounen manga power levels."
Kajou: "I am truly an astronomical genius! Hahaha."
Tianwen: "So you're just wandering around the city now?"
Kajou: "Which has reduced my loss by twenty percent."
Ayaya: "Oji-san really likes wandering around aimlessly."
Akihito: "An outdoor professor."
Kajou: "Academia is all about how much you love the world. Going outside and observing the world you love to learn about is the most natural thing there is."
I don't know how justified his overconfidence is, but I still don't feel upset by any of it. That must be because he's related to Ayaya.
Ayaya: "That's right! Senpai, are you free right now?"
Akihito: "Hmmm, Owner, am I?"
Tianwen: "There's not much else to do today, so go ahead."
Ayaya: "Then you should come too, Tianwen-san. Let's all go out to lunch!"
Kajou: "Yes. Let's use our lunch time efficiently by listening to a brief lecture of mine while eating."
Akihito: "I kind of look forward to that."
Kajou: "Yes, as you should."
====================T0120：我斎との交流_0602.json====================
Akihito: "So I ran into a funny old man today. He kept calling himself a genius. Every time you think you've seen it all......"
A quiet night. Dinner time. I bring up the professor I met today.
Kagome: "Kajou Uehito."
Mayuki: "He must be amazing if he calls himself a genius. Maybe Ayaya-san is a secret superweapon, and he's going to let you choose whether she becomes a god or a demon."
I imagine it.God Ayaya. Devil Ayaya.......she's still weak.
Akihito: "I can't imagine her as anything more intimidating than a guard dog."
Akihito: "By the way, Mayuki."
Mayuki: "The stalkers are still squatting at my place, so......not for a while......"
Our freeloader is feeling a bit guilty.
Akihito: "No, I wasn't worried about that."
Kagome: "......hmph, you're getting soft, Akihito."
I originally said it'd only be for one or two days, but Mayuki's a part of our daily lives now. I'm letting that happen.
......soft, hmm.
Akihito: "Now that you mention it, Mayuki, couldn't you have stayed at a friend's house instead of ask――!?"
Mayuki glares at me with the eyes of a serial killer who's been caught tearing the bodies apart.
Akihito: "Eh? ......eeeh? Don't tell me......you have no friends?"
Mayuki: "Take that! And that!"
She kicks me from under the table.
Akihito: "Damn you, violence cannot silence the truth!!"
Mayuki: "And this! And that!"
I frolic with the four-eyed frog.
Mayuki doesn't interact with people very much. I'm a little surprised. She doesn't seem anti-social or anything.
Kagome: "Silence."
Mayuki and I go quiet.
Benio: "I'm done. Tonight's dinner is tomato and bacon carbonara......with relatively few calories."
Benio announces dinner at a convenient time. She's been putting us all on a diet.
Kagome: "Did your chest get smaller again?"
Benio: "N-no it didn't......!"
Mayuki: "In other words, your stomach got bigger? My condolences."
She looks at Benio with scorn through her thick glasses.
Benio: "N-no, it......"
Akihito: "Anyway, let's eat."
She starts getting the plates out. It's a nice, calm dinner.
Calm......?
There used to be only two of us here. Now there's four, and we're always chatting away around meal time.
But for some reason I feel calm as she distributes the plates, silverware, and food.
Akihito: "......"
It's almost ticklish.
Benio: "That's everything. Since we're all here, why don't we put our hands together and give thanks before eating?"
She's smiling, but her tone is filled with resolve. We can't say no.
Akihito, Kagome & Mayuki: """............"""
None of us are eager.
Benio: "Okay, put your hands together."
Allies of justice have trouble understanding the subtleties of human emotion.
Everyone: "Thank you for the food.""................the food."".......................""Thank......for......food."
After dinner, we lounge around doing nothing in particular.
Benio watches TV. Mayuki does stuff on my computer. Kagome reads a book on the sofa.
I have nothing to do, so I join Benio. She's watching a late night drama.
Akihito: "......"
Something's bothering me. I'm not paying attention to the show.
The monster on the highway. That toxic connector is still lurking somewhere in this city after killing everyone who came into contact with him.
I know that, so I can't ignore it. Being an ally of justice really doesn't suit me.
―――I remember the red color.
The color of what's been stolen. The factory at the harbor was filled with that same color.
I can probably search for him. The problem is, how would I stop him? Can we fight him?
We're a coμ.
If I want to do something, I need the other four to help me, and at the same time I'll be exposing them to danger.
It's inconvenient.
There's also one other thing bothering me. Soejima hasn't come to school since that rainy night. Should I go to her house and ask? But I don't know her address.
Kagome: "You're gloomy, Akihito. It must be tough only getting aroused by women who smell of blood."
Benio: "Uwa, Akihito, is that true!?"
Akihito: "Don't take her seriously!"
Kagome: "You've chosen two of them in a row now, Akihito. The only logical conclusion is that you have strange sexual tastes."
Shinomiya Yoruko and Soejima Hisoka.
Akihito: "A-anyway, Kagome-san......"
Kagome: "Changing the subject to hide your shame......that's what foolish men do."
Akihito: "I wasn't changing it......umm, I wanted to talk about investigating that massacre."
A dark shadow falls into the calm air. Mayuki and Benio stop what they're doing and listen intently.
Kagome: "I'm still tracing the money."
A curt answer from the great witch who acts like a maharaja.
Akihito: "The money? ......for those gigs? How?"
Kagome: "I pulled the data from Noiz's computer. It had some clues."
When did she do that......? The witch works fast.
Kagome: "He was connected to a huge organization."
Akihito: "Okay......was it a military one? Since you said those two suits were army men......"
Akihito: "......this doesn't feel real though."
Benio: "Yeah, I know what you mean. International conspiracies, private military contractors, it all feels like a Hollywood movie."
Mayuki: "Even school battle protagonists try to avoid the military."
Mayuki feels the same way. She frowns and rocks back and forth in my creaky chair.
Mayuki: "Though there are usually groups of magicians that are stronger than any army."
Kagome: "An avatar's value lies in violence. Fundamentally, they're weapons......there are plenty of riffraff who'd want to control them."
Akihito: "There's enough of that in sci-fi novels already......"
Kagome: "You have a lot of complaints for someone who keeps failing."
Akihito: "Okay......if you find something, or I can help with anything, please tell me."
The witch is a specialist. Laymen shouldn't talk back to her.
Kagome: "You're more eager than usual to deal with this. Are you an ally of justice now?"
Benio: "I'm all for it! We have this power, so we should use it to make the world a better place!"
Benio raises a hand and praises justice.
Mayuki: "Hot-blooded characters are always like this......"
Akihito: "I'll leave the justice part to Benio. I just want to stop this from getting any worse......"
Benio: "Ah, that's right. Mayu-Mayu, today we're finally taking that bath together."
Mayuki: "No way."
She returns to talking about normal life, and gets rejected in a millisecond.
Benio: "Mmm......are you hearing this? Mayu-Mayu never wants to bathe with anyone."
Akihito: "Must be her lack of breasts......"
Mayuki: "Kick."
She runs up and kicks me from behind.
Benio: "She won't even take off her glasses."
Mayuki: "A-a girl's face contains many secrets."
She gets flustered. She's clearly acting suspicious.
My phone rings, signaling an end to the peace.
The caller's name is unexpected.
―――Gasai Itsuki.A love call from the king himself.
Under the shadow of a building painted by cold moonlight, the engine noise fades away and melts into the night.
The city is quiet, but ill.
The calm before the storm――I feel like I'm walking on landmines that will start exploding any minute. The world is still dizzyingly fast.
Gasai: "Did I keep you waiting, Clown?"
Akihito: "I've been bored out of my mind, King."
The footbridge near the station. I twirl a half-empty coffee can around like a flag.
Gasai Itsuki shows up precisely on time. His arrogant smile is even colder than usual, as if he just got it out of the freezer.
He said he wanted to talk to me. The king has no respect for a commoner's sleep schedule.
Akihito: "So what brought this on?"
Yoruko stands behind him like a small shadow.
Akihito: "......you even brought your guard dog......is the Coμnet so dangerous now that you can't leave your house alone?"
Gasai: "For a clown, you catch on quick."
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko always glares at me as if I killed her parents or something. Like her master, she looks exactly the same as usual.
Akihito: "Yoooruko-chan."
Yoruko: "Hmph."
I wave at her. The irritable doggy turns the other way. Gasai gestures for her to step back, and she quietly obeys.
Akihito: "You've trained her too well."
Now for the real talk.
Gasai: "I hear you helped Yoruko at the harbor."
Akihito: "It kinda went both ways. We were all helping each other."
Gasai: "You're so modest, Clown. If you never take credit for anything I'll never have to repay you."
He looks down on me, just like Kagome.
Are people like this naturally drawn to me? Will I spend my whole life being looked down on? ......I hope not.
Akihito: "Would you repay me because she's a valuable pawn, or because you're her guardian?"
Gasai: "I am her king. No more, no less."
Akihito: "Right."
Yoruko stands on the other side of the footbridge like her master said, leaning against the fence and keeping her eyes peeled.
Akihito: "......if you are her guardian, there's nothing wrong with being a little nicer to her, you know?"
Gasai's iron mask doesn't crack in the slightest.
Gasai: "Do you know about the coμ hunters?"
He skips the lead-in completely.
Akihito: "I've heard the rumors."
Extremist coμs who commit crimes and run rampant. They went quiet for a while after Jack the Ripper's defeat.
For a long time, some coμs have been killing each other in order to level up. Those connectors were called coμ hunters.
Some say they're mostly beginner killers, while others say they're as insane as Jack the Ripper.
Many coμs go mad with power and cross the line, but they fall into two major categoies.
There are criminals entranced by the monetary gain they can achieve with their avatars.And then there are people who kill other coμs to level up.
The Coμnet is far more concerned about the latter.
The laws of normal society never did apply to the Coμnet. Almost every coμ has broken a few laws at one point or another.
But it's up to them whether they keep doing it.
Killing people to level up is something else entirely. The first time you do it, you leave five corpses in your wake.
Gasai: "The Coμnet changed after Jack."
Akihito: "......are you blaming me for that?"
Gasai: "If you hadn't done it, I would've."
Gasai: "The Round Table used you to avoid this. Kugura was always planning on using the black dragon against me."
I might have just smirked. Such a faint reaction, I'm not sure if it even happened.
Akihito: "A black dragon to deter the king? So they're just as backhanded as everyone else."
The rumors about Caesar's avatar――The invincible white steel El-Ahrairah.Being recruited to fight that thing would be quite an honor.
If Kugura did want Babylon to protect the Round Table......
Then his plan's biggest flaw was Karasuma Tetora's rampage. The fact that we never joined the Table doesn't matter.
Jack the Ripper shook the Round Table to its core. They couldn't ignore it, but they couldn't do anything either.
Killing connectors is a taboo, even if those connectors are serial killers who've killed dozens of other avatars to level up.
The Round Table could never bring itself to cross that line, so Kugura decided to use us as a compromise.
――The black dragon defeated Jack the Ripper.――The Round Table holds power over the dragon.
That should've kept the Round Table intact. But ironically, the Coμnet reacted in exactly the opposite way.
――The Round Table was powerless against Jack the Ripper.――They had to get someone else to do their dirty work for them.
Akihito: "......so popular opinion is swinging back toward the powerful king."
The Round Table. Caesar's Legion. The Anti-Rounds......and more.The Coμnet is currently split into a wide array of factions.
Akihito: "......so what were you saying about the coμ hunters?"
Akihito: "I heard they were coming back lately......coμ hunters......Karasuma wasn't one of them, was he? Online rumors are never reliable."
Gasai: "......there's two groups."
Akihito: "Groups? You mean cabals of beginner killers?"
Gasai: "There are at least two parties responsible for the acts recently ascribed to "coμ hunters.""
Akihito: "......so these hunters are more than just BKs?"
Gasai: "Most BKs are cocky. They leave calling cards, showing off what they can do. Coμ hunters are different. They just kill."
Gasai: "That's what makes Jack the Ripper a coμ hunter."
For BKs, the hunt is just a game. For Jack and other hunters, it's a massacre.
At least two parties――One of them must be that death goddess.
Hasekura Touri――An executioner from beyond the edge of the world. Gasai probably doesn't know about her.
Gasai: "The coμ hunters have been more active lately. They're causing a lot of trouble for me."
It's not like the king to be so honest about that.
Akihito: "More active? ......which ones?"
Gasai: "Both of them. They have different methods and objectives."
Akihito: "Like what?"
Gasai: "That's why I'm here."
He lets loose a well-aimed arrow of words.
Gasai: "I'm going to fight a war."
He says it so naturally. It's almost terrifying how casual he sounds.
Akihito: "With the coμ hunters? Calling it a "war" sounds a bit――"
The situation is bad enough that he feels the need to bring Yoruko with him. A charred smell enters my nose.
Akihito: "......are they after you, Caesar?"
Gasai: "You know nothing about the world but have such sharp instincts."
Akihito: "But why go that far?"
Gasai: "It may not come to that, but......"
The king's trying to tell me something.There might be an unexpected threat behind these coμ hunters.
Gasai: "That's why I came here to stop you."
The king's glare grows even colder. Winter descends on the footbridge.
Akihito: "Stop me from getting involved? I'm honored that you wanted to tell me that in person."
Gasai: "How you feel is irrelevant."
Gasai: "The people rebelling against the Round Table see the black dragon as a symbol of resistance, since you defeated Jack. If you make a move, that will only encourage them."
We're a lot more popular than I thought. At this rate, they might be making bronze statues of us before long.
Gasai: "I will have my kingdom. Do not interfere."
Akihito: "I'm not trying to be an anti-hero......"
Akihito: "But I'll have to ask the others."
Gasai: "They won't follow your decision?"
Akihito: "......unlike you, I'm a democratic leader."
Gasai: "I've warned you."
Gasai turns around, as if that's all he has to say.
Gasai: "If you stand in my way, then――"
???: "―――Perhaps I should tell you what'll happen."
Akihito: "Wha――!?"
She catches us by surprise. The witch appears from the other side of the footbridge, her long hair blacker than the night.
A pretty girl in the moonlight is easy on the eyes, but this creature is deadly. Her right hand holds one of her favorite kukri knives.
Akihito: "K-Kagome!? What are you doing here!?"
Kagome: "I was following, watching, and eavesdropping on you."
Akihito: "Haven't you ever heard of privacy!?"
Don't say that like it's nothing!
Kagome: "I wondered why you were sneaking out, and here you are having a tryst with a man. Your virginity is supposed to be mine, Akihito."
Akihito: "I'm not gay!!"
Kagome approaches. Her impeccable technique makes it look easy. She comes eight meters closer in the blink of an eye. Nothing to stop her from using her weapon.
Gasai: "――――――"
Gasai looks at Kagome with eagle eyes. A mere glance from him would make normal people cower, but the witch doesn't even notice. She keeps walking toward him like a demon in the night.
A king and a witch. This is already making me feel sick.
Gasai doesn't back down. Kagome advances.With each second, they come closer.
Akihito: "Wait! Why are you trying to kill him already!?"
Yoruko: "――Itsuki!"
Yoruko leaps in front of Gasai. Her weapon could easily kill Kagome, but she uses her body as a shield instead.
Kagome: "That man declared war. Killing him here is the quickest solution."
Akihito: "This isn't about being quick!!"
I join Yoruko, blocking the witch. Unfortunately, I still don't know how serious she is.
If she's really serious, the witch has more than enough power to kill all of us in an instant.
Kagome: "............"
She stops.
Kagome: "............Akihito, you really love making trouble for yourself."
The witch's bloodlust weakens. We've escaped the immediate danger. Yoruko and I sigh with relief.
Akihito: "......thank goodness."
Yoruko: "Yes......
mm!"
The king's dog quickly goes back to frowning.
Akihito: "......King, I have a question of my own."
Gasai: "Go on."
Akihito: "―――The monster on the highway."
The altar of death we saw in the factory.The military men and their mystery coμ.I can feel something vague, but enormous behind all this.
Gasai: "I've received reports on that. I expected something like this. People gather around power. The stronger it is, the more gather."
Even governments are drawn to it.
Akihito: "......the power of coμs, you mean?"
Gasai: "I still don't know who they are or what they want."
Akihito: "――Then I'll deal with them."
It takes a few seconds for him to respond.
Gasai: "You're a smart clown."
Akihito: "I wanted to track them down anyway. I won't be doing this for you."
Izawa's already motivated. I doubt Benio will change her mind. What about Mayuki and Haru? And will Rondo join us?
Gasai: "Do you remember our promise, Clown?"
Gasai: （I'd like to have you for myself, Mizuwa Akihito――）
The king said that without explaining himself. He looks down coldly at me.I still can't tell what he means.
Akihito: "......I'm not into that."
Gasai: "A clown to the bitter end."
Gasai turns around without a farewell. Like a well-trained dog, Yoruko quietly follows him.
Gasai: "If you need help with that monster, tell me. The Legion will aid you."
An unexpected offer of help.
Apparently even the king can't ignore that monster completely.
====================T0130：ニュース報道.json====================
Yuuna: "Good mooorning, Takakura City. I'm Yuuna. Today I'm in the park, where we can see the Takakura Suspension Bridge."
Yuuna: "There have been a lot of accidents lately, which makes Yuuna worried."
Yuuna: "You'll probably be busy with work or school very soon, but please take care, and make sure you don't get in any accidents today."
Benio: "Yuuna-chan's doing guest appearances on these morning shows almost every week now. The city really does have high hopes for her."
This morning only three of us are at the breakfast table.
Benio rests her jaw on the back of the sofa as she cheers on the local idol everyone has high hopes for.
Akihito: "Huh? ......where's Mayuki? Did she go somewhere?"
Benio: "Yeah, she said she had work this morning."
Kagome: "A chibi frog can't do much more than read the weather forecast."
Benio: "She said she's working at her uncle's shop. She left while it was still dark."
Akihito: "Sounds like she has a complicated situation too."
Everyone has one or two complications in their lives.
Newscaster: "At dawn last night, a truck collided with five cars that were all stopped at an intersection on a highway passing through Takakura City."
Newscaster: "Eight people died in this accident, counting the truck driver."
Newscaster: "This took place on a straight road with a gentle slope. Visibility was good, so the police believe he was probably drunk, and are investigating carefully."
Newscaster: "In other news――"
141 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:16:20
No way, this accident has to be that monster again, right!? Someone must've seen it.
142 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:17:42Takakura City again? Really?
143 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:19:06
　　T H E R E I S A M O N S T E R I N T A K A K U R A
144 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:20:33Enough with the damn spaces
145 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:20:34
Eight people died, and no one was just wounded, right? ......they're erasing the witnesses!
146 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:21:59Wh-what the hell?
147 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:22:28>>145You're delusional. Go spam the occult board.
148 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:22:47
This is seriously bad......Why aren't they saying anything about the monster from last time?
149 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:24:15Media censorship!?
150 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:27:10
They stopped reporting on it because it's just a figment of someone's imagination.
151 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:29:01
Behold how incredibly useless the mass media is in our time of need!
152 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:30:41What the hell is going on!?
153 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:32:11>>152Magical girls are fighting a tentacle monster
154 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:33:23
When will those magical girls move into my house? ^^
155 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:34:50That's not funny! I saw the monster too!!!!
156 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:35:41
I was there when it happened. This accident is worse than you think. Trust me on this, you can't investigate any further. They'll erase you.
157 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:36:33↑Diagnosis: Chuunibyou
158 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:37:26I live in Takakura.I'm just scared like everyone else, lolol
159 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:40:04I'm biking to Takakura City tomorrow.
160 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:42:20I'm hoping for more pics. Someone get a shot of that monster!
161 ：Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Fri) 07:45:52They'd better be making an anime of this
Some people are scribbling irresponsible delusions.Some people are wielding a shallow sense of justice and wailing randomly.
Some people claim to be involved and act like they're speaking the truth.
But the truth is――No one knows what's really going on.
====================T0135：オフの情景_0602.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "Somewhere else......"
Takekawa Benio is in the city.Yuubana Mayuki is also in the city.
The plaza in front of Takakura Station. They stand there waiting for someone. She was supposed to be here by now, but there's no sign of her.
Instead, they get a text saying she'll be late.
Benio: "Kururi-san says she'll be here soon."
Mayuki: "I see."
Kururi tends to use a lot of strange expressions. Text riddled with riddles. At first she thought it was a code, but practice makes perfect. She's used to reading them now.
Girls like hanging out. After what happened at the gig, Benio went out of her way to go thank Kururi, and they started hanging out together after that.
Today they invited Mayuki too. The plan was to go shopping after school.
Mayuki: "Kururi-san's weird."
Benio: "Yep, she is. She's a lot of fun."
Mayuki: "Akihito-san hasn't told her about coμs, right?"
Benio: "I don't think so. But Kururi-san told me she almost got killed by a green dragon once."
Mayuki: "That has to be an avatar, right? I remember Nanase-san had a green dragon too. The one Kururi-san saw must've been a different Georgios."
Mayuki: "......I'm impressed she survived it."
Unless you're a witch like Kagome, it takes an incredible amount of luck to survive an avatar attack.
Mayuki: "Maybe a god of death really likes her."
Benio: "She was missing for a while after that."
Benio: "Akihito was reaaaally worried back then. I helped him look for her."
Benio's cheeks go red for some reason.
Benio: "Mayuki-chan, what do you think about yesterday's accident?"
Mayuki: "There were pictures of the scene online just after noon. Judging from those, it's definitely the same thing......"
Benio: "The monster on the highway......"
Saying it out loud sends shivers down their spines.
Benio: "What is that coμ thinking? How could they......keep doing things like that......?"
Yesterday's accident――The big wreck on the highway that made the morning news.Officially, eight people died because of a drunk driver.
Benio: "This is the second time now. If people keep dying like this......I can't let that happen. If there's anything we can do about it......"
Mayuki: "For the record, I want to stop them too."
Benio: "Mayu-Mayu, you mean it!?"
Mayuki: "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Wa, ah, don't tickle, kyaun, aau, kyauuuu!"
They play around and tickle each other.
Benio: "Huuu, sorry......I was overwhelmed with joy......"
Mayuki: "Y-you're so......aaah......geez......you take physical contact so lightly. No wonder your first kiss was with a girl."
Benio: "Gyobu!"
The other day she accidentally confessed that painful experience to Mayuki. It's still a mild trauma for her.
Mayuki: "Anyway, umm, how to put this......"
Mayuki purses her lips, unsatisfied.
Benio doesn't understand that reaction, so she looks down at her. Mayuki is one of the few people shorter than her.
Mayuki: "This coμ thing has been less than ideal, in a lot of ways. Reality is never easy......"
Benio: "Aaah......"
The beginner killers. Jack the Ripper. The abandoned factory. Those tragedies were shocking enough that she couldn't eat meat for a while afterward.
Mayuki: "I wish there was some opportunity for us to be a little more heroic."
Girl A gave them a superpower, but reality is inescapable. Even with the black dragon, they still can't reach the sky. 
Mayuki: "Anyway, enough gloomy subjects for today."
Benio: "Yeah......you're right. Let's focus on shopping."
They check the time. Kururi still isn't here.
She's a whimsical cat. No matter what time you agree on, she might get there insanely early, or irritatingly late.
Kururi said she'd be there soon, but that's a vague unit of time. They wait patiently.
Benio: "Speaking of which, Mayu-Mayu......"
Mayuki: "Shh! Try to look as displeased as possible for a minute."
She looks off in a random direction, urging Benio with a quick glance.
Benio: "Eh? Wh-why would I do that......?"
Two men walk over to them. Judging by their appearance and behavior, they're only interested in food, sleep, and sex. 
Man 1: "Heeeey, you two look free. Wanna come play around with us!?"
Man 2: "It'll be so much fun! You won't believe it! My brother runs a bar downtown and he gives us all sorts of freebies!"
Mayuki: "I'm only interested in 2D men. I don't want anyone with a Z-axis."
They're hitting on them. Despite her age, Mayuki handles it well.
Normally, Benio just runs away when people like this show up. But Mayuki's here today, so she can't do that.
Benio: "Ummm, well......"
She's never dealt with them up close. In fact, she's curious to see what they'll do.
Man 1: "Ahyahyahyahyahya! 2D men! That's great! Get a load of this one!"
Man 2: "Gehahaha! You can tell your jokes at the bar! Come on, let's go! We've got girls now! Gehahaha!"
Benio calmly observes them, up to the point where they laugh so hard saliva starts flying around. Then they move around her and grab her arms. 
Benio: "Ah, stop! Let go!"
Man 1: "It's fine, we're just gonna have fun!"
Mayuki: "This is why I hate 3D men......"
Man 2: "Now, let's go! It's gonna be loads of fun! Trust us!"
They look weak, but they're still men. She can't shake them off. Even their breath smells dangerous.
Mayuki: "......what should we do? Bring out the big guns?"
Benio: "Ummm, wouldn't that be kinda bad?"
By "big guns," she means summoning Babylon to scare them away.
They aren't afraid because they have that power. If things get really bad, they can always use that.
???: "Oh my, is something bad happening?"
Kururi arrives fashionably late.
Mayuki: "Yes it is, as you can see."
Man 1: "Oho! Another girl!"
Man 2: "We're gonna go have some fun downtown! You should join us!"
Kururi scans the situation, ignores the men and takes out her phone.
Kururi: "I see, I see. The super detective has unraveled the mystery. Time for a magic spell."
Man 1: "What? You're gonna report us? We're respectable citizens, you know."
Man 2: "If you do that, we're gonna have to do something about you. Just so you know, I can beat up police and yakuza if I want to."
The men close in on her. It's not threatening, just kind of sad.
Kururi: "No, not at all. I was gonna invite another friend. Here's a picture. Is she good enough?"
She shows them her phone.
Man 1: "Eh? Another one!?"
Man 2: "Who is it? Someone famous!?"
The men suddenly go quiet when they look at the phone. They let go of Mayuki and Benio immediately.
Kururi: "Okay, I'll call her. I think she's pretty close by."
Man 1: "Wait......! Umm, I'm sorry! Seriously, please don't do that!"
Man 2: "Don't waste time apologizing! Just run! We're screwed if she sees us!"
A stunning reaction, like gasoline under a match. Their attitude changes in a fraction of a second.
Kururi: "Huh? You're not gonna go have fun anymore?"
The men put their hands together and pray as they back away. Kururi still has her Cheshire cat smile as she watches the men run away with their tails between their legs.
Mayuki & Benio & Kururi: """Ah."""
Man 1: "Umm......I'm sorry, really......
gooo!?"
He turns around to run away, but a fist enters his face. The man flies smoothly through the air.
Izawa: "What the hell are you doing?"
Kururi: "Uwa, he really came."
Kururi's phone is showing Izawa Shuu's name.
Izawa takes the unfortunate men off into an alley.
Izawa: "What the hell are you two doing?"
Benio: "Well, we were waiting for Kururi, and those men showed up......"
Izawa: "Tsk......hey, these three are with me."
Izawa: "I don't care if you knew that or not. Now, come with me."
Kururi: "Kururi-chan wasn't expecting the real thing to appear."
Benio: "......he still saved us though, right?"
Izawa passing by was a total coincidence.
It's true that he saved them, but he did it violently. Benio wonders if they'll be able to watch the sunrise tomorrow in one piece.
Mayuki: "They didn't put up much of a fight though. One of them said he could beat up police or yakuza."
Kururi: "Izawa's scarier than either of those to people like them."
Benio: "Hmmmm, a mysterious world......"
Kururi: "To Kururi-chan, it's strange to see girls like Benio-chan and Mayuki-chan interacting with that world at all."
She smiles after pointing out an unfortunate truth. Kururi is a bundle of curiosity who loves unearthing people's secrets. That makes her an enemy to anyone who has secrets.
Mayuki: "Actually, my sister used to go out with him a long time ago. They were pretty serious about it, and he even swore to straighten up so they could get married someday."
Mayuki: "But she......died in a car crash last summer......"
Kururi: "Eh? Is that true?"
Mayuki: "No, it's all a lie."
Kururi: "Lame."
Benio: "Mayu-Mayu, you don't even have a sister."
Kururi: "Nyohohoho, you're funny."
Mayuki: "Thank you."
She successfully avoided the original question.
Three girls making noise. They run around the plaza, looking at the summer outfits in various shop windows. Some of the TVs in there show the up-and-coming idol.
Benio: "Ah, it's that local idol."
Kururi: "I hear she actually lives in Takakura City."
Yuuna the idol. She's from Takakura City, and many people from there are hoping she makes it big.
Mayuki: "............I'm not sure about her."
She looks displeased with the idol.
Benio: "I think Yuuna-chan's pretty cute."
Mayuki: "......mmm."
The actual shopping doesn't take long, so they kill time chatting about the stores.
On the way, they buy some ice cream, waffles, and a cake set to eat.
Benio: "Those cakes were so good~"
Kururi: "Yes, they were. I liked the compote on top."
Mayuki: "I liked the green pistachio cream one."
They're all full now, laughing merrily. The dark shadow of conflict writhing beneath the city has no presence here.
Mayuki: "We shouldn't have ordered two of each though."
Kururi: "No, no, it's fine for one day. It'll be fine."
Mayuki: "......have you forgotten what happened on the third floor?"
Mayuki smirks. A sarcastic smile unbefitting her age.
Benio: "The third floor......?Th-the swimsuit section......!?!?"
Kururi: "Ha......!? 
There's a monster on your stomach......!"
Benio grabs some of the fat on her stomach.She can actually hold it in her hand.Despair.
Benio: "Oh no......I'm supposed to be shrinking my waistline."
Mayuki: "......well, you can still make it in time. Just be very strict from now on, and wear a tight belt."
She looks like a doctor reassuring a patient who's beyond help.
Kururi: "No. Mayuki-kun, Benio-kun, this is a complete failure......"
Benio: "I-It'll be fine! I can manage it by next month if I really try hard."
Kururi: "No, no, no, no, sudden diets only shrink your chest, Benio-kun......"
Benio: "It can get smaller than this!?"
Benio goes pale and shivers with fear. Mayuki touches her.
Mayuki: "We can get through this together......"
Benio: "Someone give me breaaaasts!"
She howls in the middle of the city. Tragedies exist even in peaceful, daily life. Kururi raises a finger toward the unfortunate victim.
Kururi: "There is one way......to make your breasts grow rapidly."
Benio: "Tell me what it is!"
Kururi: "Get pregnant."
Mayuki: "No way."
Benio: "But I wanna go to the beach this summer~"
Benio drinks some juice after recovering.
Benio likes discovering strange juices. Today she got lucky and found an especially rare one. Without this, she might not have recovered.
Kouchin and Saho often tell her she's very simple. She agrees with them.
But Benio's also proud of the fact that she can always recover quickly, no matter how often things depress her.
Mayuki: "In the summer, it's best to stay under the covers in a nice air-conditioned room and surf the web all day."
Kururi: "Mayuki-chan, you don't like going out?"
Mayuki: "......now that you mention it, I guess it might be nice to drift around in a small boat."
After thinking for a few seconds, Mayuki agrees.The beach. She hasn't been there in years.She had no friends to go with her.
Benio: "Yeah, yeah, let's invite Akihito too, and Izawa......and his sister so he has to come."
Benio starts drafting a battle plan in her mind.
Kururi: "Aaah, that would do it. A tsundere like him would say "I don't give a crap" but then do whatever his sister wants."
Mayuki: "We might as well invite everyone else too.Though if that maid comes along......us flatties wouldn't make it back unscathed......"
The high peaks of the maid trample on the gentle plains of peace.
Benio: "To balance it out maybe we should add Rondo and Iroha-san."
Benio: "Ah, but......Rondo's average-sized......
I-I know, Yoruko-chan!She'll definitely be on our side!"
She starts getting desperate.
Mayuki: "She's very small, so I dunno about her cup size......"
Kururi: "Breast size isn't all that matters. Probably."
Benio: "You can only say that because yours are normal......"
Her shoulders sink.
But if they do bring Yoruko with them to the beach, that should bring down the average breast size. Izawa's sister is probably below average too.
Kururi: "Kagome-chan will be coming too, since she's Akihito's guardian."
Benio: "Aaah......"
Mayuki: "Aaaaaa......"
They hadn't been factoring that threat into their calculations. Weapons on par with Haru's. Team flat-chest will be having an unfair summer.
Benio: "Would Hinaori-san come......maybe she and Akihito have their own plans."
She gets sad again.
Kururi: "Oh-ho, oh-ho!"
Mayuki: "I've been wondering about that for a while."
Kururi and Mayuki look at each other and nod a few times.
Benio: "Eh? What? What is it?"
Kururi: "Do you like him?"
Benio: "Eh? Eh!?"
Benio goes red. She's extremely easy to read.
Mayuki: "I hear she's already confessed once."
Benio: "Gieeeh!? How do you know that!!?"
Mayuki: "I was lying."
Benio: "Oaaa......!"
She wails and collapses in defeat. 
Kururi: "Huhu, Kururi-chan can arrange something if you want."
Benio: "But Hinaori-san would......"
Kururi: "To Aki-chan, Kagome-chan isn't really a possible target. He's kinda weird around her. They're childhood friends, but he never takes it any further."
Mayuki: "But all sorts of things could push that over the edge."
Benio: "Ooaaaa......! Don't give me even more things to worry about!"
The two demons toy with Benio. They scream and giggle together. People walking by look happily at them.
Kururi: "Still, maybe we should all go somewhere as a group this summer."
Mayuki: "......yeah, you're right. That might be nice."
Benio: "Yeah. I have a lot to worry about, but I'm looking forward to summer!"
They smile happily at each other.Then, Benio's phone rings.
Benio: "Ah, a text."
Kururi: "From who?"
Benio: "Ummm......
ah."
Benio's face brightens back up in two seconds.
Mayuki: "I see, it's Akihito-san."
Kururi: "Aki-chan has such good timing."
Benio: "E-enough of that already. Ummm, let's see......"
She reads the text while blushing.
Text: Akihito: "I'm planning on investigating the recent accident tomorrow. If you can't come, please text back."
Given the timing, she was hoping for something a little more exciting.
Benio: "Hauuu......"
Benio sighs softly.
====================T0150：デコボコチーム西へ_0602.json====================
The night before last, an accident happened on a highway running through the city. A drunk truck driver plowed through five other vehicles, killing eight.
It was a tragic but commonplace news story. However, online it was something else."The monster on the highway did it."
Some people claimed to have seen it. Others uploaded pictures of the scene. Certain heroic netizens conducted independent investigations. After only two days, the available information has exploded. The pictures of the wrecks make it obvious this was no ordinary accident.
Akihito: "Over a hundred people went missing after that gig. It hasn't gone public yet, but sooner or later the people will start panicking."
Akihito: "According to Izawa and the Owner, whoever was funding this is particularly brutal."
Part of the city's underworld was connected to those gigs. Some were swept up in them, others freak out when they suddenly stop happening. No one knows the full story, so everyone's getting paranoid and distrusting.
Kagome: "Hmph, "they" seem to be censoring the media."
She probably means whoever we fought at the harbor――That unknown "organization."
Akihito: "That coμ they brought――I think they might have been formally trained."
Avatars can become somewhat more powerful with training.
If that Ivanhoe was that powerful from the beginning, it should've spawned a few rumors in the Coμnet.
Kagome: "Perhaps they're head-hunting promising coμs and training them."
Kagome: "They might scout you at some point."
Akihito: "Don't joke about that."
I shrug my shoulders at the witch's cold smile.
Benio: "......I really don't like this "organization.""
Mayuki: "An evil chessmaster pulling all the strings......encountering this in real life feels really lame though."
Benio and Mayuki sigh.
On weekends, the footbridge often has street bands and open-air shops. We all meet up at our usual place to deal with the monster on the highway, just as I promised the king.
In addition to our coμ, I invited Rondo and Yoruko to come exchange information. We swapped phone numbers back at the harbor.
For today, we're just going to track them down. We won't try to fight the monster head-on just yet, so we don't need to gather reinforcements, but it's good to establish connections before the big event.
Kagome, Benio, Mayuki and I left my apartment together. Now we're waiting for the others.
Kagome: "The "organization" has probably been helping the Round Table keep the Coμnet a secret."
In retrospect, the idea of the Round Table covering up all the trouble coμs cause is a little far-fetched.
Rondo: "Hello."
Rondo arrives, ten minutes ahead of schedule.
Rondo: "Is this everyone?"
Akihito: "From our coμ, yes. Izawa and O-Haru-san are busy today. We're expecting Yoruko to arrive later. What about Kimizuka?"
Rondo: "Iroha's also busy......I see, Yoruko's coming."
She puts a finger to her elegant, rouge lips, as if hoping for something.
Akihito: "What is it?"
Rondo: "......huhu! I like her. Cute girls are always nice."
Yet another person turns out to have questionable interests.
Before long, Yoruko arrives too.
Like every other day of the year, her shoulders are stiff for no good reason.
Akihito: "You're early."
Yoruko: "One should always arrive five minutes early."
And she's blunt. Yoruko looks the other way as she coldly passes by me.
Normally she wouldn't come out just because I called her, but her master told her to, and this situation is unusually serious.
The monster on the highway―――A perpetrator of massacres unheard of in the Coμnet.
If the second "accident" really was that same monster, then it'll probably strike again.
If we ignore it, more incidents will happen, and more people will be brutally murdered like the victims at the harbor.
I imagine Ayaya's and Kururi's faces.
The gentle kingdom doesn't care who. No matter what your age, gender or morals, fate will mercilessly take you away whenever it wants.
That's why.
That's the reason I'm going to risk my life chasing this thing.
Akihito: "That's everyone."
Yoruko: "You're......missing two people?"
Benio: "O-Haru-san said she had other commitments today."
Mayuki: "Knowing her, she probably just couldn't be bothered to come down here."
I kind of agree with her.People remember how you normally behave.
Akihito: "Izawa wanted to investigate on his own. Something about too many girls."
Kagome: "Unlike a certain someone who loves lots of girls."
Akihito: "I'm a perfectly normal, healthy young man."
Rondo: "......so you're not even denying it."
Everyone stares. That was not the right thing to say.
Benio: "Let's get going!"
Benio pumps her fist in the air, energetic for no reason.
The highway monster investigation team heads out.
The scene isn't that far from the city center. Because of the rumors, a lot of other people are already loitering around to look at it and take pictures with their phones.
Akihito: "It's a lot busier than I thought. Here's an apple."
Rondo: "Thanks. I guess everyone's heard the same rumors."
Mayuki: "Takakura City always had a lot of monster rumors. It seems like the highway monster got a lot of people excited
......*munch*"
Benio: "But they haven't mentioned this at all on TV. Is that also the "organization" you were talking about, Akihito?Mm......
ah, this is good."
Akihito: "I don't want to sound like a conspiracy theorist, but it's certainly possible. Hmm......green tea is so good."
Yoruko: "The "organization"? ............
*munch*, *munch*......"
Kagome: "It's inferior to cheesecake."
I eat a crepe to give my brain some energy as I analyze the onlookers. The crepe stand near the wrecks is raking in the money today.
Mayuki: "Mmm, *munch*......
the news said eight people died, right?"
Mayuki's short, so she jumps to try and see over the wall of people. It's not enough.
The wrecked cars have already been towed away. Only broken glass and bent street signs indicate that an accident happened here.
Akihito: "Based on the photos I found online, the cars were pierced by something. It's probably the monster. Did anyone get a video of it?"
Mayuki: "I found some claims, but the videos looked very fake. They had long lead-ins then nothing but a bit of smoke or fire in the distance. Some people on occult boards said it was a cover up, but that's it."
Mayuki came back after giving up on trying to see over the crowd.
Benio: "You did a lot of research, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "And I'm completely used to Akihito-san's computer now.I'll keep surfing the web for this stuff......but there's going to be a lot more noise in the future."
Akihito: "True."
The more time passes, the more non-information gets posted, and the muddier the facts become.
The intersection where it happened no longer has any evidence that an avatar did it. It happened on a straight road, without warning, late at night. There's no way to know for sure what caused it.
Kagome: "What do you think, Akihito?"
The witch turns to me.
Akihito: "Assuming the monster on the highway did do this, what is it after?"
An avatar that doesn't care who it kills.
This incident is much smaller than the last one, so it's hard to call it indiscriminate slaughter. For some reason, the nearby houses are untouched. It's also been quite a while since the highway accident.
What is the monster on the highway even after?
Is it trying to kill someone?Does it just like destroying things?
Neither of those seem to explain this behavior.
Rondo: "There's something I've been wanting to check. Yoruko, should we assume you're with the Round Table?"
Yoruko: "I...I'm......"
She hesitates. Apparently she's so hard-headed that she can't improvise at all.
Akihito: "More or less, yeah."
I answer for her.
Yoruko: "......mm."
Rondo: "Okay, so you're here because the Round Table wants to do something about this?"
Yoruko: "......for me, this is personal."
Rondo: "I see. Same as us, then."
Yoruko: "......"
Rondo: "That's right, I forgot to thank you for saving us back in the factory. Thank you, friend."
Yoruko: "......no, I'm not, well......"
Watching them is kinda cute.
Rondo's cell phone rings. She looks at the name, and grumbles.
Rondo: "Sorry, one minute."
Yoruko: "Okay."
She doesn't seem pleased, but she steps aside to take the call.
Rondo: "――――――――"
Rondo talks with a clear expression on her face. Maybe she's talking to someone in her coμ?
Kagome: "It's Kugura."
Kagome whispers. Kugura......? Why would he be calling her?
I act calm and whisper back so the others don't notice.
Akihito: "Rondo and Kugura......? She's connected to the Round Table? Wait......how do you know it's him?"
Kagome: "I read her lips."
......a witch's special skills are the archenemy of privacy.
Rondo: "――――――――"
Kagome: ""We have a lead now.""
......they have a lead?
Did they see something in that intersection? Did the Round Table tell her something we don't know, and that allowed her to spot something we missed?
That would make sense, but something still feels off. I can't explain why.
Benio: "Should we try getting closer to the intersection?"
Benio looks at the crowd of onlookers.
Mayuki: "No way. I wish you could bulk delete humans with ctrl+a."
Humans can be so selfish.
Akihito: "It doesn't look like we're going to find anything here, so once Rondo's call is over we should probably leave......huh?"
Kagome: "What is it, Akihito?"
Akihito: "I thought I recognized someone over there......"
An alley not far from the line of onlookers. A white form slipping away into the shadows like a ghost. That was Soejima Hisoka.
I only saw her for a few moments. It's a weekend, and she hasn't been to school in ages anyway, but she was wearing our school's uniform.
Akihito: "Hey!"
I push through the crowd toward that alley. Kagome quickly follows me.
Kagome: "Who was it?"
Akihito: "Soejima――"
Kagome: "............"
Kagoe's eyes look dangerous.
We find Soejima in that filthy back alley.
Hisoka: "............!"
Akihito: "Hey, wait up! It's me!"
Soejima leans against the wall, just like on that rainy night.I hold her. Her breath is rough, and her face pale.Her eyes aren't focusing either. She might have a fever.
Hisoka: "Haa......haa......"
Akihito: "Soejima......hey, why haven't you been coming to school? Have you been sick all this time? And what are you doing out here......?"
Hisoka: "Haa......! Ha......haa......!"
Akihito: "Are you okay? Did you run away from the hospital or something? If you aren't feeling well we should......"
Hisoka: "Mizu...wa......"
The first thing Soejima says is my name. She almost collapses to the ground. I reach out to her, and two voices stop me.
Kagome: "Get down, Akihito!"
Hisoka: "――Don't......Mizuwa...ku――......"
Soejima clutches her chest. Her dry scream sounds like glass breaking.
Light swells up just above our heads. Gate light.
Hisoka: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!"
An avatar's arm assaults us from the blue light. A giant with steel claws. Kagome pulls me back just before they reach me.
Akihito: "――――――Babylon!"
I immediately summon Babylon, even though we're in the city in broad daylight.
A bluish black arm crawls out of Soejima's gate.The upper half of a giant fills the alley.That steel arm swings, intent on destroying the buildings as well as us.
Black claws stop it. The dust cloud and destructive noises cause the nearby onlookers to raise their heads.
Kagome: "Akihito, don't fight here!"
We'll be seen. Innocents will die.I know that, but―――
The giant holds up its left arm.It's sharp, more like a lance than an arm.An enormous, divine weapon the size of a small missile.
The lance of death shoots forth, faster than a bullet.It becomes a huge whip, stretching, stretching, stretching.
The whip of destruction approaches, then gets deflected by Babylon's black shield.
Mayuki: "――I made it!"
Akihito: "I owe you!!"
Benio: "Is this what caused those accidents......?"
Benio and Mayuki came running after I summoned Babylon and they heard the noises. They stand still in awe.
A bluish black Pantagruel whose left hand is an enormous lance of death.Its silhouette resembles the pictures of the monster on the highway.
Kagome: "――This is bad, stay focused!"
Benio: "What the hell!?"
The lance warps before the gravity shield. We're pushing it back.We have three connectors. It could be better, but no one's ever beaten us when we had this many.
The lance of death invades Babylon's domain. It inches closer.Babylon gives a low howl. That voiceless sound signals a distortion in the gravity field, producing cracks along the alley walls.
Akihito: "There's no way it can be this strong......"
Kagome's eyes narrow. She's looking at Soejima.I don't need to tell her to stop.
Soejima's protected by that avatar. Even the witch can't approach her easily.
Mayuki: "――――Wait, no, not good!"
Mayuki screams in desperation. The shield won't hold much longer.
Miss Jh comes down from above. Rondo's alone right now, so she can't control it very well, but she can try for a surprise attack.
The giant catches Miss Jh with its right hand. A destructive grip.A monster beyond any normal avatar.
But the giant has both its hands full now, giving Yoruko's "sword" an opportunity.
A point-blank head-on attack.Bigwig's Arrow――A bullet of light.
Yoruko: "――――!"
Yoruko has a perfect chance, but she hesitates. This is the middle of the city. If she shoots here, someone might get hurt.
Rondo: "What the hell is this thing!?"
Akihito: "I don't know! It's just insanely strong!"
Benio: "If only we had everyone here!"
Mayuki: "Even if we did this thing is......"
Yoruko: "――! People are coming!"
The loud noises in the alley are starting to draw people closer.
Hisoka: "Uu......ah......!"
The giant's whip dances around like a snake. It leaves afterimages scattered through the void as it destroys the buildings to our left and right.
Amidst the dust, the giant picks up Soejima and leaps into the sky.
Outside the alley we hear the crowd.
Something flew up. I saw a monster.It was holding a girl. Those buildings fell apart.
Several fingers point at the sky.
Benio: "It ran away......sh-should we follow it!?"
Akihito: "No, we can't do that......"
Kagome: "A wise choice. If you followed it now, you'd only get yourselves killed."
We don't have all five members here, so......no, even with them that thing is too dangerous. Even with Rondo and Yoruko helping us, it won't be easy.
Kagome: "This way. Hurry."
I quickly get rid of Babylon.We follow Kagome out and back into the crowd without waiting for it to finish disappearing into the gate.
====================T0160：バカ騒ぎ_0602.json====================
We all meet up in a nearby residential area.
Akihito: "No one got hurt, right? I have a few scratches......"
Kagome: "You were hurt? Show me."
Akihito: "Why are you sticking your tongue out!?"
She puts me in a headlock and twists my arm back. It feels like she's trying to finish me off, not heal me.
Kagome: "Scratches and abrasions get better if you lick them. Let the love in your childhood friend's saliva heal you."
I catch a glance of her tongue. It's long, like a snake.
Benio: "So you two are like that......"
She pushes my head against the wall of somebody's house.
Yoruko: "Trash. Filthy. Animals......"
Mayuki: "You're exactly what we thought you were."
Rondo: "I see."
Glares rain down on me.
Akihito: "Enough about me! Is anyone else hurt!?"
Kagome: "If you never act nice to your childhood friend, you'll go to hell eventually."
Akihito: "And?"
The witch says horrible things.
Mayuki: "Umm, I only had minor damage."
Benio: "Me too......I bumped into someone, but that's it."
Rondo: "I'm fine."
Yoruko: "Fine."
Everyone's unharmed.
Benio: "That avatar looked a lot like the images of the monster on the highway. It had the same weird arm, and it really stood out......"
Everyone had noticed that on some level.
Rondo: "That probably was the monster on the highway."
Yoruko: "And the one who destroyed that gig――"
Akihito: "............"
Soejima is almost certainly the one who summoned it.That transfer student is the monster. A mass murderer worse than Jack――
―――I remember the red color.
Unfair death. Unreasonable theft.The tragedy of a life that will never come back.Dark heat from deep inside me whispers that this is unforgivable.
―――That we have to defeat the monster on the highway.
And yet......
Soejima Hisoka.
The transfer student who just stood quietly still in the rain.
A lonely foreign entity who could never blend in to the world.
I remember her fragile arms clinging to my back.
I remember her white fingers holding the cup.
I remember the faint void in her eyes.
That slight connection is more than enough to confuse my heart.
My anger weakens.My resolve falters.
The Soejima I met on that rainy night had a great void in her.
A hole in her heart big enough to make her and everything else in the world equally worthless.
It's impossible to know what other people have been through.People can easily despair over the dumbest things, and even choose to die.
I feel a twinge in my heart.
A huge hole gouged out of my chest.The same thing Soejima probably lost somewhere.
I see......
We're probably similar.We both lost something no one must ever lose.
But so what―――?
She's still an "enemy" I have to defeat.
I will kill the monster. I will kill Soejima.
Akihito: "――――――"
For no good reason, I have a strong urge to scream.I desperately hold it in, cursing instead.My resentment continues to grow.
The stories always end this way. No salvation. No miracles. No one's hand reaching those in need. Prayers vanish into thin air without effect.
This gentle kingdom always gives us things and takes them away without reason.
Akihito: "......dammit!"
I can't hold it in. People start looking at me, but I smile and pretend nothing happened.My stomach still feels heavy.
Kagome: "Either way, we have to follow her if we want to catch the monster."
Benio: "......there's still a lot we don't know."
What was the purpose of that second attack?
What happened at the gig?
Rondo: "Did she have friends nearby?"
Yoruko: "Friends......?"
Rondo: "You saw how strong her avatar was. Controlling that thing by herself would be absurd. She'd lose control of it in no time."
Akihito: "......she didn't seem like anyone was helping her though."
Rondo: "But if her avatar was already stampeding, it should've devoured her mind during the highway incident."
The situation gets more complicated. Beneath the veil, a mysterious "organization" is smiling――
Kagome: "Akihito."
Akihito: "......no, it's nothing."
Kagome's blunt words make it feel like she's seeing through me. Somehow that feels comforting. A little heat returns to my cold heart.
Akihito: "By the way, is anyone getting hungry?"
Mayuki: "You're thinking about food after what just happened?"
That's why I'm thinking about it.I need to do something to cheer myself up.
Akihito: "We can't fight on an empty stomach, right? It's a bit early, but let's go get dinner."
Rondo: "True, we can't do anything right now anyway. I agree with taking it easy tonight, friend."
Akihito: "Friend?"
The way she says that is strangely embarrassing.
Rondo: "We've been through life and death situations together. You've saved me. I owe you. So, we're comrades in arms."
A vivid smile, like a blooming flower.
Comrades in arms.
Easier to understand than baseless friendship. People helping each other so that they can all survive.
Akihito: "That sounds kinda nice."
Benio: "Aaah, you two are taking this so lightly. I thought she meant something more serious."
Akihito: "Benio, this is a chance for us to work on that friendship and unity stuff you wanted."
Benio: "Ah, you're right!Then let's spend some time getting to know each other before we go chase down the culprit."
She pumps her fist in the air, agreeing.
Kagome: "The chibi's running."
Akihito: "Wait up, comrade."
Yoruko tries to sneak away, but I grab her by the neck.
Yoruko: "I'm done here, so......"
She's so flustered it's almost shameful. Judging by her face, she isn't rejecting us, but unsure how to interact with us.
Akihito: "You should try hanging out with other people once in a while."
I don't really mind either way, but I end up saying that instead.
But she's always so firm and stubborn I can't help but think she needs to take a break.
Akihito: "Benio, you say something too."
Benio: "If we want to beat this thing, we need to build some teamwork. So you're coming with us!"
Allies of justice are easy to exploit.
Yoruko: "What are you......?"
Benio: "You don't need to glare at me like that......"
Mayuki: "Well, as you can see, she's a hot-blooded character."
An unhelpful comment from the smirking Mayuki.
Akihito: "Anyway, let's go. We're just gonna get some food together. Too many depressing things have happened lately, so we need a change of pace."
I force myself to sound cheerful.
Kagome: "I have one request."
Kagome: "Go somewhere with good food for once."
For once, Kagome says something sensible.
Mayuki: "Hau, I am getting kinda sick of all the fast food places. And they say eating at the same places all the time makes your brain cells die faster."
Ignoring Mayuki's lies......
Akihito: "Well, we do have a bigger group than usual, so where to go......"
Akihito: "We have to go by the station anyway, so maybe Izalone?"
I call the Owner to reserve some seats, and after a little confusion he says it's fine. He even offered to reserve the whole place for the day. I'm glad he's so agreeable.
Izawa: "......so..."
Haru: "Why did you call us too?"
Izawa looks pissed off, and Haru's in her maid outfit even on a weekend. They meet us on the usual footbridge.
Benio: "That was my idea! We're going to deepen some friendships tonight, so we can work together to defeat that monster!"
Yoruko: "What is with her......?"
Yoruko glares at Benio, and is clearly acting wary of Haru.
Rondo: "Frienships......huhu."
Rondo laughs for some reason.
Akihito: "Mostly we're just eating out together, but we also wanted to tell you what happened today."
We tell them about the bluish black avatar.
For some reason I couldn't bring myself to mention Soejima's name.
Kagome didn't say it, though she did gently glare at me once.
Izawa: "I don't like this."
Akihito: "None of us do either. It's too complicated, and too many people are involved. I'm not sure we can handle it by ourselves."
Haru: "This all sounds like a big pain, to be honest."
Akihito: "Anyway, let's go eat. We'll explain the rest on the way there. I think he'll give us a discount, so don't worry."
Izawa: "All together? ......ugh."
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't mind large groups."
She chuckles, shaking her chest and her long skirt.
Izawa and Haru seem okay with joining us. That's eight in total. A large family eating out.
Benio: "Hey, you! No running away!"
Yoruko: "Why......?"
All but one of us seem fairly eager about going to Izalone.
Tianwen: "Welcome, welcome."
An alley two roads away from the main street. The calm air of Izalone. The Owner's face greets us.
Akihito: "Thank you for having us."
Tianwen: "You're a customer tonight, Akihito-kun."
Haru: "Oh......"
Tianwen: "......oh, this is interesting."
Haru and the Owner exchange looks. A strange mood, neither tense nor relaxed.
Akihito: "............you two know each other?"
Tianwen: "A little bit, a long time ago......"
Haru: "Yes, yes, a little bit a long time ago."
A meaningful phrase and meaningful smiles. They're both hiding a deep sharpness behind bright smiles. They're actually quite similar in that way.
Akihito: "......what's going on?"
This still feels strange, but it quickly softens.
Tianwen: "The place is all yours tonight, so sit wherever you want."
At first, we eat quietly.
Then the Owner wisely gives us a bit of alcohol, and we start to open up.
Everyone starts running their mouths, as if they've been waiting for a chance to blow off some steam.
Izawa: "I told you not to talk about my sister!"
Benio: "Huhehe, does she say things like "I love you, Onii-chan"~?"
Izawa: "I'll kill you!"
Benio is an obnoxious drunk, but Izawa isn't sober either.
Mayuki: "I remember now."
Mayuki: "The kanji for "little sister" used to be for female relatives of any age, and was famously used to refer to wives and lovers as well as sisters."
Akihito: "Eh? Ah, right......old Japanese."
I'm pretty drunk too.
Mayuki: "When did the word "imouto" come to mean only younger female siblings? Surprisingly, that change is said to have Chinese origins. They used to say imuuto to mean a wonderful woman."
Mayuki: "That meaning traveled down the Silk Road, reaching as far as Egypt. In ancient Egypt they said "imuu" for "tribute," and by attaching a female suffix, they got "imuuto" for "woman.""
Izawa: "What's your point?"
Mayuki: "My point is that the true meaning of "imouto" is "a wonderful woman worthy of sacrificing to the gods!" Imouto moe has existed since 400 BC!!"
Akihito: "Wh-whaaaat!?"
Izawa: "You need to shut up......another glass!"
Tianwen: "Yes, one moment please."
Mayuki: "That was Random Facts with Professor Mayuki~~~ Eheheheh."
Mayuki's losing it too.
The Owner mixes another cocktail for Izawa and talks to Benio.She's sitting opposite Rondo.
Tianwen: "Takekawa-san, are you Inspector Miyato-san's daughter, by any chance?"
Benio: "Aeee? You know him......?"
Akihito: "Eeeh? For real? You're kidding."
Benio: "Ah, Owner-hyan, you know my dad? I've been with my Mom since they got divorced."
Tianwen: "My apologies, I should not have brought it up."
Benio: "No, it's fine~~~~"
Rondo: "Why are you talking to him now? We were in the middle of something."
Benio: "Ah, yeah. So......is there a real trick to......controlling avatars?"
Rondo: "Willpower! There's nothing else."
She makes a valiant pose.
Effort and willpower don't sound like words Rondo would use, but maybe she's into that stuff after all. If so, she'd get along well with Benio.
Benio: "Willpower......that's so simple!!!"
Rondo: "Benio......you're not bad.With our combined spirit, we can fight for a shining tomorrow!"
Benio: "All right! With spirit, willpower, friendship, and hard work, we will have victory!!!"
Yoruko is completely falling apart next to the two hot-blooded drunks.
Yoruko: "Nyu......nyu......
y-your orders, please!!"
Haru: "Okay, okay. More beer for me."
Kagome: "Bring some for me too."
Yoruko: "Yes, ma'am!"
Kagome: "This is convenient. I can see why that arrogant man wanted her."
Haru: "This might sound weird from someone in a maid outfit, but I'd like to have one of her back at my place."
The two who aren't drunk diabolically subjugate the intoxicated ones.
Kagome: "I wish Akihito was this loyal."
Haru: "Get his body hooked and he'll be yours in no time."
Kagome: "He never wants to."
Haru: "Aaah, if he's not even interested in you, that would be tough."
Akihito: "......"
Or maybe they are drunk.
Yoruko: "Y-......your orders please!"
Kagome: "No, I didn't order that."
She's quite lively considering she almost died.
We feel most alive when we can feel death close by. Everything is relative.
We know what happiness is because of sadness.We know what life is because of death.
Akihito: "Owner, another one for me too."
Tianwen: "No breaking the glass, Akihito-kun."
I haven't gotten this drunk in a long time.
I learned a long time ago that the world is just the way it is. This gentle kingdom never considers what we want.
Right and wrong, beautiful and ugly. It's all in the eye of the beholder, which makes it all a fairy tale.
What we gained is lost. Peace vanishes. Happiness grows distant. I reach out, but can't help anyone.
I know better than anyone that that's what happens.
Mayuki: "So in other words, moe is really......"
Izawa: "Shut this pipsqueak up."
Rondo: "We'll overcome it with willpower!"
Benio: "The power of friendship creates miracles!"
Rondo and Benio grasp each others arms and laugh loudly.
Kagome: "Can you condition them like Pavlov's dog?"
Haru: "I've gotten them to crouch down and lick my foot whenever I hold it out."
Yoruko: "Y-yes, ma'am!"
The witch and maid make extensive use of the tiny knight.
Akihito: "......"
This isn't really calm and peaceful. It's ridiculous. Shallow and meaningless. It'll probably fade into the back of our minds a year from now, never to be remembered again.
But so what――?
This weak delusion constricts so tightly around my heart.
My throat chokes up. I have no idea why.
The Owner gives me the glass we bought the other day. In it is the ideal cocktail for that glass―――A zombie.
It was given that name because it's (supposedly) strong enough to bring someone back from the dead. I guess he could tell I was feeling down.
Just for tonight, I'll enjoy this, so that I can face death the next time it comes.
A cocktail whose name encapsulates both life and death. Strangely, that strong drink passes through my throat quite comfortably.
====================T0170：透理の警告.json====================
The world is falling into ruin. Welcome to the world of alcohol.
Benio: "Time for another cocktail!"
Rondo: "I always did everything I could......"
Benio shouts, and Rondo cries.
Mayuki: "But I don't think it's correct to put them in the same category as tsunderes."
Izawa: "......someone switch seats with me."
Mayuki looks dead serious as she annoys Izawa.
Yoruko: "Wh-what? Wh-what are you saying!?"
Haru: "It's a massage, just a massage. Come on, you need to relax once in a while."
Yoruko's been captured by the boob demon. She's so drunk she can't even stand up, and the white fingertips are assaulting her in indecent ways. Amen.
Kagome: "Such noisy riffraff."
This is unusual.
It's her usual scornful smile, but it seems softer than usual. Maybe because she's drunk.
Suddenly, Mayuki stands up.
Perfectly straight posture, like when you get called on in school.
Then she wavers around for three seconds.
Akihito: "......Mayu-Mayu-san?"
Behind her coke bottle glasses, she exudes the aura of a turn-of-the-century savior prepared to slay the villain.
Mayuki: "Do not disturb me. I have no interest in 3D men."
Akihito: "......I didn't say anything."
Mayuki: "You always pounce on my weaknesses like that
......ubuu!"
Her face turns purple.
Haru: "Oh my, Mayu-Mayu, you drank too much. If you can't get home tonight, would you like to stay at a hotel with O-Haru-san?"
Benio: "Ha! I felt a wicked plot just now!"
Benio's pigtails lep up. She searches for the erotic plot.
Mayuki: "......ubu......wait,I have to go to the bathroom......"
Akihito: "Can you walk? Can you make it there by yourself?――
Gobu!"
A surprise attack. Rondo elbowed me in the side.
Rondo: "Men with no delicacy deserve to simply writhe on the floor, uhuhu."
Akihito: "A-at least hold back."
There are tears in my eyes.
Mayuki takes a while to come back. She might be vomiting in there. I check her seat and the clock quite a few times.
Kagome: "She's not going to die in there. You're so fretful, Akihito."
Akihito: "......you're supposed to say I'm nice."
Mayuki: "Hau~ I'm back."
She finally returns.
Akihito: "That took a while. Are you okay, Mayu――"
There's something strange over there.
Akihito: "............who are you?"
Mayuki: "Who am I?"
I communicate with Object X after it comes out o the bathroom. Object X says something in Mayuki's voice. It must be drunk.
Izawa: "You don't know? That's Yuuna, you bastard."
Izawa's been acting aloof and trying to ignore us, but now he's just as drunk as everyone else.
Benio: "He's right, it's Yuuna-chan!"
Akihito: "Yuuna who?"
Tianwen: "You don't know her, Akihito-kun? She's a new local idol that's starting to gain in popularity, and even appear on morning shows......"
The Owner's explanation jogs my memory. That's the idol I saw on the morning show Benio was watching.
Akihito: ".................."
Mayuki: ".................."
An incredible silence.
All eyes study the idol that Izawa recognized for some reason.
The idol touches her face with both hands, as if she didn't realize she took off her glasses and let her hair down.
Mayuki: "Gyaaaaa!"
The idol in Mayuki's clothes screams with Mayuki's voice.
Akihito: "Gyaaaaa!"
Everyone else screams too.
Mayuki: "Egu......euu, uuu......"
The idol cowers in a corner of the room, like a young lady ravaged by pirates.
Akihito: "An idol? ......Mayuki is an idol called Yuuna......?"
Her huge glasses and exceptionally bad fashion sense were a deliberate disguise all along.
And she forgot to put those things back on before coming out of the bathroom.
Izawa: "Seriously............?"
I've never seen Izawa this shocked, even in our worst battles.
Kagome: "You're so dense, Akihito. How could you not notice after living under the same roof as her? You're so dense, you should be designated an Intangible Cultural Property."
Akihito: "Y-you knew all along......!?"
Benio: "I-I didn't know either......"
I fall to my knees. Benio was even sleeping in the same room as her, and she never had a clue.
Haru: "Is this what they call a double life?"
Rondo: "What kind of coμ are you people?"
Akihito: "......beats me, go ask Girl A. Is it that unlikely for an idol to become a connector?"
A thug. An ally of justice. A maid. An idol. And a witch as an optional feature. Whoever put us together was high on something.
Akihito: "But wait, you're a lying four-eyed otaku girl with no friends, and you're an idol? What kind of manga heroine are you?"
Mayuki: "You could've left out the "no friends" part!"
Mayuki has her glasses and everything back on now.
Mayuki: "The stealthy white shadow that never shows itself. By day it takes the form of a local idol, but in reality!"
Mayuki: "She is an internet wizard, semi-shut-in, writer and otaku girl! That is Yuubana Mayuki."
She makes a pose as if hoping for a dramatic sound effect.
Yoruko: "......you're not stealthy."
Benio: "That's nothing to be proud of either."
Tianwen: "So the otaku girl is your true self?"
Mayuki: "......u-umm, the Yuuna thing is a big secret, so......"
Mayuki loses her energy after everyone's piercing questions. She stumbles and hesitates, unsure what to say.
Akihito: "But why were you keeping it a secret?"
Mayuki: "......then you'd always see me as an entertainer, as an idol......I don't want to be treated differently because of that......"
Hmm......I kind of understand, and kind of don't.
Mayuki: "I......I don't want to be doing this anyway......to be honest......I'm an otaku girl who prefers 2D stuff anyway."
I don't know if she's still drunk, or shocked about having her secret revealed, but Mayuki's very open and honest tonight.
She looks around warily. I gently pat her, telling her it's okay.
Mayuki: "......don't treat me like a child."
Akihito: "You're so difficult."
Akihito: "Anyway, we'll all keep the Yuuna thing a secret. Right, Owner?"
I pass the ball to the most adult person in the room.
Tianwen: "But of course, I'm fine with that. Besides, if I revealed a customer's secrets, my bar's reputation would be ruined."
Benio: "Agreed. Yaaaay!"
After Benio's drunk, unreliable agreement, everyone else makes the same promise in turn.
Mayuki: "Mm......u......umm......th-thank...y-you."
Mayuki shrinks down, unlike her usual dominant adult attitude.
Kagome: "I thought you were a frog, but really you're an ugly duckling."
Akihito: "Though the swan isn't her true form."
Izawa: "I'm fine with keeping it a secret, but......"
The thug glares at her with cold eyes. I can imagine him licking his lips like a villain and preparing to extort her.
Izawa: "Give me your autograph."
I feel cold sweat on my back.
Akihito: "Why......are you......asking for that?"
Are you a fan? Really?
Izawa: "......"
Izawa: "......Keiko has some of her CDs."
I'm going to ignore that suspiciously long pause.
I head outside to cool my head off.
Izalone is underground. The building above it contains a loan company, an optician, and a hobby shop. I head up to the first floor.
The first thing I see are the stars in a small piece of sky between the buildings. The city looks the same as usual tonight.
The ruckus in Izalone continues. The discovery of Mayuki's secret has only made it louder.
She says she doesn't want to be treated differently, but tonight everyone will since she's been hiding it from her friends for so long.
Akihito: "Friends......?"
Normally I try not to get involved with other people.
I don't take pride in being alone or anything.I'm just weak.
I'm weak......I can't bear being connected to people.
Pain gouging my chest. The red color. A hole that hasn't been filled since my mother died.
This is a gentle kingdom. A vague place where everything is equally meaningless. A gray country, neither white nor black.
The world makes no distinction between living people struggling to survive and pebbles on the side of the road.
My mother's death had no reason or meaning.
She was just unlucky.
Life, death, joy, and despair are given and taken away from us for no better reason than that.
In which case, it's better to be alone. Loneliness is better than loss.
I'm not strong enough to connect with someone and not get hurt when they're taken away.
I can't be a monster who doesn't care about other people or the world――
Like Jack the Ripper.
Though it would be a lot easier if I could be like him.
Akihito: "I'm so pitiful......"
Humans always lead completely separate lives, even if they're family, lovers, or childhood friends.
Coμs――Those groups are connected by life. We're all alone, but together we're a unit.
There's no way to make others understand what's in your heart. No matter how close you get to them, you'll still be an isolated, self-sufficient being, fundamentally separated from them.
I can't take part in someone else's life. Their pain and suffering are theirs and theirs alone.
But so what?
We connect.
Love, hatred, sorrow.Ugly, shameful pieces of human nature that bring people together.
Even though we're never truly connected......Even though all we can do is throw our own feelings at each other like pebbles......
Before I knew it, my heart has been full of such things.
I came back to this city to live on my own.
Then I found Kagome again.
I hadn't seen her in seven years. It was a complete coincidence, on the footbridge in front of the station. That moment set it all in motion.
My selfish and arrogant childhood friend pushed me into living that way.
Every day, I made new connections.
Hands I've touched. Voices I recognize. Someone by my side. Places where I'm not alone.
Connections pile on top of each other, slowly growing thicker.
Frustration sears my chest. I know getting involved will only make it more painful in the end.
Akihito: ".........oh."
I hear lively voices from below.
I can never follow through on anything.
I can't be a lonely king.I can't be a monster tearing apart the world.I can't even be an idiot afraid of getting hurt.
I'm a half-assed, cowardly clown.
I wanted to be strong, like a sharp blade, unwavering and unbreaking.
Like Kagome.
Only willpower and action can change the world―――That's what the death goddess told me a long time ago, under that blue sky.
Everyone's connected. Everyone's trapped.I was such a child that I didn't even realize that.
And all the fruits of that action come right back to you.
Including the pain and the tragedy. I know that all too well.
I thought I chose not to connect to anyone when I locked the knife in that drawer.
But people become connected anyway.
When you get near someone, an invisible power binds you to them all by itself, without any good reason.
Kagome,Ayaya,Kururi,Hana-sensei,Yoruko.
I've become connected and trapped without realizing it.I can't run away from that.
Benio,Mayuki,Izawa,Haru,Rondo.
More connections than I can count.
The Owner, Takahashi――
Connections don't necessarily bring joy.At times they bring pain and suffering.
―――Soejima.
Akihito: "......Soejima."
The drunken haze starts to clear. I can't even indulge in the alcohol. She's been in the corner of my mind.
Soejima Hisoka.
A transfer student living without connections.Just sitting in the corner of the class, never coming into conflict with anyone.
And, the monster on the highway.
Akihito: "Am I going to kill Soejima......?"
Harden your resolve. You've already killed people for less, haven't you?
My heart keeps spinning fruitlessly, generating nothing stronger than resolve.
Hisoka: （――Don't......Mizuwa...ku――......）
When Soejima's avatar appeared, she said "don't."
Stop. Stay back. If you come closer, you'll die. Run away.She was protecting me―――
Akihito: "Protecting......?"
This is horrible. I wish I hadn't noticed that.
Akihito: "――――――!"
Without warning, someone strokes my neck, and I leap back in fear.
I turn around, and a woman stands there.
She casts a long shadow in the poorly-lit alley.
A woman like steel.Not her shape, but her being.Behind her beautiful exterior, her footsteps are laden with blood.
Akihito: "Hasekura......Touri......"
The magician, Hasekura Touri.
Touri: "――It's been a while, boy."
The corners of her lips rise into a smile.It's not the empty smile of a mannequin, but it's not human either.
So this is what it looks like when a goddess of death smiles.
Akihito: "......not that I'm happy to see you."
Touri: "You don't look well."
The woman's footsteps.
Her voice approaches, without any presence to accompany it.
She's definitely a woman, but nothing about her feels human.
Akihito: "......are you here to finish what you started?"
My body stiffens in preparation. My whole coμ is here tonight. If I summon Babylon, I won't lose as easily as before.
Assuming the woman lets me do that.
Touri: "You're no fun. You should loosen up more in front of women you know."
Akihito: "......anyone would act this way in front of a death goddess."
Touri: "I'm a death goddess?"
Touri is an invader.She judges our world with the rules and power of another.A foreigner from a distant country who destroys our herds.
Akihito: "What else should I call you?"
Touri: "Good point. My purpose is to harvest. It always has been, and always will be. I give death to all who meet me――I suppose you're right."
Her emotionless smile resembles the dry, mechanical sounds of a machine.
Touri: "Tonight I came to warn you."
Touri: "―――Do not pursue the monster on the highway."
I gulp. Pain stabs my heart.
The goddess calls it a warning. That has only one meaning.
She will judge Soejima Hisoka with her foreign laws.
Akihito: "......because you're going to kill her?"
Touri: "You don't seem pleased. Is she a friend of yours?"
I tried to keep a poker face, but she saw through it.
Akihito: "―――What if I said yes?"
Touri comes closer.
I didn't take my eyes off her for a moment, but the shadowy woman passes right by me before I realize it. Her next words come from behind me.
Touri: "She is already dead. No one can kill the dead. Not you, not me. I'm only going to break what's left."
Akihito: "Soejima is――――"
No, she's alive. She even tried to protect me.
Touri: "The monster on the highway―――Its name is Nomad."
Akihito: "Nomad......?"
One who wanders without a home......that's what that name means.
Touri: "Nomad's connector was given a special drug. Her avatar is more powerful, but the side effects are hurting her."
Drug. A dangerous word.
Touri: "She'll gradually lose sanity, and eventually stampede."
Akihito: "......who would do that?"
Touri: "That's a different story entirely. It doesn't matter much to you or to me. Does it?"
Akihito: "Is there a way......to save her?"
Touri: "Only my way."
Salvation from a goddess of death. That can only mean one thing.
A hand of death descending without hesitation.
Touri is warning me that she cannot be saved.
Touri: "So don't get involved. You're better off forgetting."
Akihito: "Did you people give Soejima that drug?"
I dig in. For some reason, the goddess stops walking.
Touri: "Nomad is a sacrificial lamb."
Touri: "There is a System, and some people betrayed it. They tried to run away, but they were caught, and to buy some time they used Nomad. A typical story, no?"
Akihito: "And what happened to them......?"
Touri: "The ending is a joke."
Touri: "They all died in the avatar gig. They didn't even know what the drug was when they gave it to her."
Touri: "They paid the price for what they did, and everyone else in that building paid it with them."
Touri tells me a story that has already ended. That's why she says this is a foregone conclusion.
Touri: "So that's enough about that. I'm merely tying up loose ends for a story that's already over. Then everyone can live happily ever after."
Akihito: "There's nothing happy about that!"
I can't save everything equally. If you grab someone's hand, you let someone else plummet to their death.
But so what?
I can't leave Soejima the way she is.
Especially if she's just a victim in all of this. I don't want everything to be taken away from her because someone forced this misfortune on her.
That's why......
Touri: "I warned you."
I watch her dark form walk away until she's completely left the alley.
====================T0180：我斎と夜子の過去_0602.json====================
Izawa: "Who was that woman?"
A voice from the stairs leading down to Izalone. Izawa seems completely sober now. He stares violently in the direction she went.
Akihito: "It's not nice to eavesdrop."
Izawa: "I came out for some fresh air, and there you were getting it on with some woman."
Izawa: "Anyway......who was that? She looked like a woman on the outside but she was obviously bad news."
The wild dog's instincts are nothing to be sneezed at. An empty street. A gentle wind.
Izawa's right hand flashes. His Heishin appears like a magic trick. He aims it into the darkness.
Izawa: "I don't like people sneaking around behind my back. How do you know that woman? And who is this "Soejima?""
So he was listening to almost all of that.
Akihito: "She's a death goddess......I ran into her once before. I guess she's like an assassin, except her targets are coμs."
Izawa: "Is she a connector?"
Izawa walks over to me. We stand side by side.
Akihito: "Something else. You'd laugh if I told you."
Izawa: "Just spit it out."
He glares, without blinking.
Akihito: "Are you sure you won't laugh?"
Izawa: "Shut up. Keep stalling and I'll blow your head off. I have a short temper."
Akihito: "............she's a magician."
Three seconds of bitter silence. Then Izawa clutches his sides in laughter.
Akihito: "I told you you'd laugh."
Izawa: "Are you mocking me, Mizuwa? Only the chibi gets to talk nonsense like that.Or......is there a reason you don't want to tell me?"
Akihito: "Dammit, telling the truth never sets you free."
But the world still keeps spinning.
Izawa: "............what? Were you serious?"
Izawa looks at my face, and frowns with surprise. He looks at the alley where Touri disappeared, and back at me. Then he puts a hand to his forehead.
Izawa: "............tsk! I can't even tell the difference between reality and that chibi's manga anymore."
Akihito: "We already have avatars. Is it that weird for magicians to show up too?"
Even with dragons, and even with magicians, this is no manga or anime.
Which is why there's no happy ending for us.
A stage with no miracles. A story with no salvation. This is all we ever get.
Izawa: "So......who's Soejima?"
Akihito: "......a classmate of mine. And the monster on the highway."
Silence.
I thought he'd pounce after that, but even the mad dog can sense how I feel about this.
The death goddess said we'd live happily ever after.Familiar words signaling the end of a fairy tale.
Soejima will be a sacrificial lamb to bring an end to this story.
It's a typical conclusion, because the world is limited.
All dominions are finite.Everything we can see, everything that has a form, even human hearts.
Infinity only exists in ideas.That's why we fight, compete, and take from each other.
Everyone who isn't given their own territory gets thrown out of the kingdom as a sacrifice.
Even in fairy tales, no one ever saves the evil witch.
But the stories always end the same way.They lived happily ever after.
Akihito: "......who would ever accept that?"
I spit out the words like a sore loser. The city lights flicker. No stars can be seen over the city.
Akihito: "Guess I should head back."
Izawa: "......you're gonna drink more?"
Akihito: "I feel like drinking tonight."
I head back down into the bar, without waiting for Izawa.
Everything comes to an end. All beginnings come with a conclusion.
Tonight's festival ends too.
We all leave Izalone, returning to the surface. It's just before midnight.The moon is down near the horizon, hidden behind a tall building.
Tianwen: （You're a customer tonight, Akihito-kun――）
When I tried to help clean up, the Owner said that and pushed me out.
Benio: "This was such a long day......heheheh."
Akihito: "You're completely drunk, Benio. Just so you know, cocktails feel good but they're very strong."
Benio: "Oooh, Mayu-Mayu, you looked so cute without your glasses. Take 'em off!"
Mayuki: "No way. Fanservice time is over. You already saw plenty, drunk."
Mayuki's pretty much sober now, but Benio's still wasted and bugging her.
The maid seems tipsy. Rondo and Yoruko can barely stand.
Izawa: "That felt good."
Izawa: "After starting a big fight in the middle of town today, she's completely wasted now."
Even the mad dog's insults are softer than usual, possibly because of the alcohol.
Has Izawa also been changing because of all the time we've spent together?
I buy some cans of coffee from a vending machine and toss one to the slightly softer Izawa. He catches it with one hand.
Akihito: "That's on me."
Izawa: "It's so like you to make a big deal out of it then only get one can."
Kagome: "You're cheap, so it's fitting."
Kagome walks beside us with silent footsteps. She shows no sign of being drunk, even though she drank loads. She's inhuman.
Izawa: "Just die already, snake."
Akihito: "This was a busy day."
I look up at the dark sky and whine.
The tinge of loneliness comes and goes. I had the same feeling at picnics and tournaments as a kid. The end of a festival is always painful.
Izawa: "......Mizuwa, you'd better stop her."
A sudden demand stabs me in the back. I turn around, and the mad dog is surprisingly cold. A tense but silent conversation.
Kagome: "Are you betraying your master, titmouse? That's awfully old-fashioned."
Izawa: "That doesn't matter. I'll kill her."
A warning, like a declaration of war. Izawa made his ultimatum. If I don't kill Soejima Hisoka, he will.
The fires of revenge flicker deep in his eyes.
The world is infinitely magnanimous, and too cramped for us to handle.
Even in a small coμ of five people, our opinions and interests keep colliding.
Izawa's probably saying this to my face out of respect. I search for the words to answer him, but they never take shape.
Benio: "Umm......"
Benio's still wrapped around Mayuki's neck.
Benio: "That girl......can we do anything to help her?"
Benio: "I don't know why she'd do such a thing, but......maybe we could talk to her......if we defeated her avatar, then maybe she'd――――"
Haru: "The rule is she dies if we destroy her avatar."
Haru rains on her parade.
Izawa: "Did someone fry your brains, Takekawa? She's the monster on the highway. How many people do you think she's killed?"
Benio: "I know......but......I saw her with my own eyes, and......"
She shrinks and hangs her head. Mayuki strokes her hair like a mother.
Mayuki: "......you're always such a handful, Benio-san. Pacifist heroes are popular these days, but you have to keep yourself alive before you can worry about saving others."
Rondo: "......Nomad wasn't normal......"
Rondo and Yoruko end up sitting down against a nearby building, since they're too drunk to stand.
Yoruko: "......is that the avatar's name......? Why......?"
Rondo: "That left arm, Nomad......it symbolized the gigs......I never expected that to be the monster on the highway......"
Rondo: "......Nomad was one of the strongest avatars at the gigs, but even then, that wasn't normal. If we try to save her we'll just die, Benio."
That's not a warning, but a prediction.
Benio: "Uuu......"
Benio agonizes, still clinging to Mayuki.
―――Then what should we do?
Defeating Nomad means killing Soejima.
We could let Nomad live, but Soejima's already a monster.
Benio asks this same question every time it comes up.I ask myself the same question too.
Akihito: "......dammit......!"
Neither curses nor prayers will reach the world. Only willpower and action can change it. 
Haru: "So you want to go after her, Akihito?"
Akihito: "......yeah, I'll find her. And then――"
I haven't decided what to do with her yet.
Haru: "We'll find her and settle this......that much we all agree on, right?"
The maid spins around. Her skirt twirls.
Akihito: "You want to help, O-Haru-san? I thought you didn't."
Haru: "O-Haru-san always sides with the majority."
A curt smile.
Haru: "Anyway, O-Haru-san will drive these two. Can I leave them at your place, Akihito?"
Akihito: "Haven't you been drinking too, O-Haru-san? "
The maid drags Benio and Mayuki away while waving goodbye.
Haru: "I'll be fine, that was so little it doesn't even count as drinking."
Akihito: "Seriously?"
Kagome: "5000 yen on the maid's car not reaching your place in one piece."
Akihito: "At least show some pity by betting on it being in one piece."
Izawa: "I'd better go too......
you hurry up and die, snake."
Izawa makes his familiar demand and leaves by himself.
We hang onto the remaining drunk and wait a while. After ten minutes, someone comes for her.
Iroha: "Hellooo, the Iroha-san Postal Service is here."
Kimizuka Iroha gives a light-hearted thumbs up when she arrives.
Iroha: "Thanks for calling. I'm here for the deadbeat."
Iroha: "If you'd come home a little sooner, I could've joined your party."
Akihito: "That would've been nice. I'll try to invite you next time."
Rondo: "Yeeees, this way, this way......"
Iroha: "Aaaaah, you're so pitiful. You fall apart so quickly when I'm not around, Rondo."
Rondo's still crouched on the ground, so Iroha picks her up.
Kagome: "Are you her mother?"
Iroha: "Mother? ......hau, maybe. An unwed mother at my age, and with such a huge child."
Rondo's become a soft-bodied animal now. Iroha carries her away while saying goodbye to us.
Iroha: "Anyway, I'll take her home. Thanks for tonight. Hope I get to see you again."
Now it's just me, Kagome, and Yoruko.
Yoruko: "Go away......I can walk home......"
She still sounds a bit off.
Yoruko staggers and zigzags as she heads off. She soon turns a corner and goes out of sight.
Kagome: "Well?"
Akihito: "......yeah, I am a feminist."
Kagome and I follow Yoruko. We find the small knight lying motionless against a vending machine.
Kagome: "Slovenly dog."
Akihito: "You said it."
I carry Yoruko on my back. The champion's knight can destroy avatars, but this is the second time I've had to carry her.
Akihito: "Where do you live? Should I call a taxi? Would Gasai come pick you up?"
Yoruko: "......n-nooo......anything...but that......"
She shakes her head, rejecting my offer to call Gasai. The puppy knight doesn't want to trouble her master.
Kagome: "Would her owner even come if you called?"
Akihito: "......fifty-fifty odds?"
I'd like to think it's that high.
Yoruko: "......aaaah
......go away......"
Yoruko's reactions are very slow. She only drank chuuhai though.
Akihito: "I'll take you back then. What's your address?"
She flails around a bit, but she's so weak I can still carry her easily. Yet somehow she's capable of living with Gasai.
Gasai Itsuki――
Like Kagome, an incredibly strong individual.Someone who is too strong. Someone who flies high.Someone who has wings.
Those of us who crawl on the ground can't ignore their radiant light. Whether we look away or let it burn us, we're all affected by it.
Like the heroes in a fairy tale.
Yoruko: "I......live on......210 Hokusho Street......"
Akihito: "That's pretty close. I guess we'll walk."
Yoruko's place is surprisingly close to the city center.
I carry Yoruko. The little knight isn't much of a burden to carry. Kagome walks beside me, neither fast nor slow. The witch matches my pace.
Kagome: "You like doing things the hard way, Akihito. You could've just called a taxi."
Akihito: "Well, it really isn't that far."
This area has a lot of new buildings and apartments. It looks nice, like a fresh T-shirt.
There's no one out on the street this late at night, but there are still lights in the windows, and the signs on convenience stores and rental shops still glow. It's not dark here.
Yoruko wriggles around on my back. She woke up.
Yoruko: "......huh? Where am I......?"
Akihito: "I'm carrying you to your house. You probably can't walk, so stay still for a while."
Kagome: "You got drunk and are now on a man's back. The epitome of shame."
Yoruko: "Uuu......shame......"
She moans like it's the end of the world, but because she's drunk it doesn't sound tense at all.
Akihito: "......why do you spend all your time with Gasai anyway......?"
I just said that to kill some time, but unexpectedly, I got a small, muffled answer.
Yoruko: "......Itsuki......brought me back to life......"
Yoruko: "......I......couldn't do anything......and Itsuki took revenge for me......"
Took revenge.
Yoruko's intermittent murmurs pierce my chest like a drill.
Yoruko: "They were in a traffic accident......with a drunk......driver......"
Yoruko: "......Mom, Dad, Yuu......they all died."
Yoruko: "But he......"
My footsteps grow heavier without my realizing it.Kagome's stride doesn't change at all. Watching her from behind is strangely calming.
Yoruko: "......I was so sad......and angry......I couldn't do anything......"
Yoruko: "......I......was probably dead......"
Yoruko: "......then Itsuki......took revenge for me......"
Yoruko: "......so......for Itsuki......I'll......"
Her murmurs end in healthy snoring. I glance at her face on my shoulder. She looks innocent.
Everyone has their own circumstances. I just learned that Yoruko has hers too.
Akihito: "......so you really are her guardian, you lolicon?"
Gasai: "I didn't think you'd come waking me up after midnight, clown."
Kagome: "Royalty and aristocrats have been known since ancient times to adopt children they like so they can mold them into ideal wives."
Akihito: "Whatever. Anyway, good night."
Gasai: "Wait."
He stops me, as if he remembered something.
This has been a strange night. Even the king isn't acting like his usual self.
Gasai and I go outside. From the sidewalk we turn around toward the twelve floor apartment building. I can see Gasai's room.
Shinomiya Yoruko is sleeping innocently up there, in contrast with her harsh attitude when she's awake.
Akihito: "Not to quote Kagome, but seriously, why are you living with such a little girl?"
Gasai bought me a low-sugar canned coffee. Maybe he meant that as thanks, but I don't feel that grateful for a mere vending machine drink.
After the coffee, we head to the park behind the apartment building, and stand next to each other like when we first met.
Gasai on my right. The witch on my left. They haven't done anything, but I feel cornered. A lion in front, and a man-eating shark behind.
Gasai: "You brought your guardian? Such a feeble man."
Kagome: "I agree that Akihito is feeble."
The king and the witch don't look at each other, but they clearly feel some kind of connection. Their opinions match.
Akihito: "I don't like you two agreeing about me......"
Tonight, the king is an honors student with glasses. He's in disguise. The iron face I'm used to seeing is what he wears when he goes out.
Akihito: "......you look like the student council president at some famous academy."
Gasai: "Unlike you, my position is very demanding."
Akihito: "Well, sorry for having it easy. Anyway......when you said you were her guardian, I thought you meant that figuratively. You actually live with her?"
Gasai: "Yoruko has no family."
Even as an honors student, his expressions remain cold.
Akihito: "She said they died in a car crash......"
Gasai: "Yoruko told you that? Well, yes, they did."
That's not like Gasai. This unusual night still hasn't ended.
Gasai: "Yoruko's family died in an accident, because of a malicious drunk driver."
Gasai: "It happened on a weekend during a family outing. Yoruko's parents and brother were all killed."
Gasai: "It was a terrible accident, but the courts only gave him a suspended sentence."
Akihito: "......"
Gasai: "The reason is simple. The drunk man was a Diet member's nephew. That wasn't his first accident, but it was his first on record."
Who watches the watchers?An ancient poet's words.
Guards and policemen are put in place to watch for crime. So who's responsible for ensuring they don't commit any crimes themselves?
Kagome: "It's not uncommon."
You said it. Those stories are littered around everywhere. The world pushes burdens onto the weak, just as water flows downhill.
Akihito: "......and you told her to get revenge!?"
Gasai: "Does that irritate you?"
Gasai sneers. I want to punch him in the face.
Akihito: "How dare you corrupt a―――"
Gasai: "Yoruko needed revenge."
I swallow the rest of my sentence.
Revenge. Hatred. Destruction.Sometimes people need to do things that most would consider evil.
Gasai: "Yoruko met Girl A, and became a connector. But despite her power, she lacked the will."
Akihito: "......killing a human being isn't that easy."
Common sense, morality――The wall of taboos we've been raised with is surprisingly strong.
Gasai: "But Yoruko needed it. Without it, she would've stayed dead forever."
He lowers his steel gaze for a moment. I feel like I've seen a rare chink in his armor.
Akihito: "She was still alive though, wasn't she?"
Gasai: "Her heart was dead. She was no different from a walking corpse. So I told her how to change that."
Akihito: "By giving the evildoer righteous punishment?"
Gasai: "There is no right or wrong with punishment."
He smiles. I've seen that same steel smile before on the footbridge.
Gasai: "Self-reproach is just an excuse. Atonement is just self-satisfaction. Legal punishments are just a tool kingdoms use to rule."
Gasai: "Clinging to them is meaningless. She needed revenge, for her own sake. Not anyone else's. I told her to kill so that she could live again."
Kagome: "Are you a doctor?"
Her sarcasm doesn't make Gasai flinch.
Gasai: "Yoruko has no family left, just like me."
We're all the same. We've all lost our families.
Akihito: "You have a tragic backstory too?"
Gasai looks at me, then at Kagome. He sizes us up. The witch and the king. I can't tell if they'd get along or not.
Gasai: "My father was a bureaucrat. He was devoted to his work, but after a corruption scandal he committed suicide."
An unexpected confession. I'm not surprised by the story, but by the fact that Gasai's talking about the past.
Gasai: "That's the official story."
He talks as if describing the program for tonight's evening play. It doesn't suit such a dark story.
Gasai: "I don't think it was suicide. I have no proof."
Akihito: "......"
Gasai: "Maybe they needed to silence him. Maybe he was a convenient scapegoat. The outcome was the same either way."
His mouth warps in ridicule. A cold, antagonistic smile. A vow that he will find them someday.
Gasai's target is different from a certain someone's.
The king advances without any concern for such petty grudges.
The champion of the Coμnet has other enemies. They're larger, vaguer, and more terrifying. They probably don't have a human form.
Gasai: "That was ten years ago. I've learned since then."
Gasai: "Only power and luck make this world change."
Akihito: "And that's worth making such a little girl fight for you?"
Shinomiya Yoruko――Caesar's knight.
Gasai: "Yoruko made that choice herself."
Gasai: "And I believe there is an equally young girl in your coμ as well."
――Mayuki.
The coμ rules. One person's decision can end the lives of five people. It's merciless, unfair, and inescapable.
A simple example of problems you could find anywhere.
The world is connected. By living, we trample over others. Sometimes just walking down the street can kill someone else.
We can't avoid hurting other people.It's easy to say that.
Even if you knew the number of people who were sacrificed without your knowledge, they'd just be nameless, faceless nobodies.
That's why we tell fairy tales of beliefs, decisions, and justice.
Gasai: "There is fighting everywhere. Only will and power change the world."
Gasai: "Some would run away in fear, and give up when the storm finally comes.I choose to move forward, even if it means my work ends unfinished."
Gasai looks ahead, at a distant future goal.
Gasai: "I will have my kingdom."
Kagome: "Such a strange man."
Akihito: "Do you think you could make a better kingdom than this?"
Gasai: "A kingdom is power. Power is a tool. Better tools enable creation of greater things."
Gasai: "Avatars are powerful, but one of them can't change the world. At best, it could smash things it doesn't like."
Gasai: "But with dozens, hundreds, or even thousands of them――If I could command that many avatars in unison......"
Akihito: "......the Legion."
Gasai turns back to me. For the first time tonight, he faces me head on.
Akihito: "Go be a politician."
Gasai: "It's difficult to defeat someone when playing by their rules. They are optimized for fighting within those rules."
Gasai: "Thus, they do everything they can to make themselves believe the rules are just. They know that they'll be wiped out if their rules are ever broken."
Gasai: "The fastest and most effective way to change the world is to come from outside their rules, and flip the chessboard over completely."
A pompous king.A logical, rational, cold man.He tramples on the world without fear.
Gasai: "If someone's rolling the dice, I'll simply attack them. Money has value only because everyone trusts it. Without that trust, it's just paper."
Society is an enormous kingdom.Because it's enormous, it contains countless smaller kingdoms.Gasai is trying to build his own empire within them.
An extraordinary kingdom, with tremendous, well-disciplined power.Enough to influence even the enormous kingdom of society.
Akihito: "So you're taking a risky shortcut."
Gasai: "I have this power now. It would be foolish not to make use of it."
Akihito: "The "normal people" might not like what you're doing."
Gasai: "There will be a war. It's just a question of when."
――The organization.
There are people outside the Coμnet who already know about us.
Akihito: "......a question of when."
Gasai: "There are more connectors every day. They're getting harder to hide.One day, not long from now, coμs and connectors will become public knowledge."
Gasai: "Heretics will be eradicated because they're heretics. There are more than enough reasons for the public to fear avatars."
A future that may come in our lifetime. A foolish comedy of discrimination and persecution that's been played out in every age. This time connectors will take the lead role.
It's coming. We can't escape it.
What will we do when it comes? What will I do?
Gasai: "When the peace ends, there is always war, no matter what form it may take."
This strange night ends with the king's prediction of a red future.
====================T0190：ロンドといろは_0603.json====================
Iroha: "Whoa whoa whoa......don't do that, it's dangerous. Are you okay?"
Rondo Rondo makes it back to her room with Iroha's support.
An apartment on the north side of the city. Despite her outward persona, Rondo is a bit of a slob at home, but her room is neat and tidy.
Because Iroha cleans it every day.
If she stopped, it'd become a dump in three days. That's a secret Rondo and Iroha never tell anyone else.
Rondo: "I'll get through it with spirit and willpower! ......uheheheheheh."
She drank so much that she can't stand on her own two legs.
Iroha: "I'm surprised you let yourself go this far though."
They've been living here for half a year. After they met Girl A, they left their homes and moved here because it was too hard to do things with their families around.
Iroha: "Was it......that much fun?"
Rondo: "I haven't relaxed that much in a long time......uhu."
Rondo lies on the bed, her hair and clothes a mess. A relaxed expression. Iroha hasn't seen it much lately. She finds herself smiling a little.
Iroha: "Rondo......you get drunk really easily, so don't push it too far......"
Iroha sits on the edge of the bed, and runs her fingers through Rondo's blonde hair, as if polishing a gemstone. She does that over and over.
Rondo: "I'm not that drunk......"
Rondo smiles like a child. Iroha pulls her onto her lap. She moves Rondo's hair out of her face and kisses her cheek.
Rondo: "Mhuhu......Iroha, that tickles."
When Iroha does the housework, she looks more like an old servant than a close friend.
Iroha: "You must be thirsty. Should I get you some water?"
Rondo: "Yes, water!"
Iroha pours water from a bedside pitcher into a stainless steel cup and hands it to Rondo, who drinks it while lying down.
Her slender throat moves several times as she swallows the liquid.
Iroha: "............"
Iroha watches her with a hot gaze.
Rondo: "......the black dragon......Babylon......I've seen a lot of coμs, but they're something else......they might be better than I thought."
Iroha: "The leader was Mizuwa Akihito, right? ......you sound like you're interested in him."
Rondo: "Of course not......"
Iroha's eyes narrow like blades. Her back teeth grate sharply for a moment.
Iroha: "Anything else you want to do? Should I get something easily digestible in case you're hungry later?"
Rondo: "There's something else, Iroha."
Rondo's tone suddenly changes.
Rondo: "............I think I found it."
Rondo says it in a strong, clear tone, as if she hadn't been drunk at all five seconds ago.
Iroha: "......I see.So we were right."
She exhales with overwhelming emotion.
The stage is finally set. Now they only have to wait for the curtain to rise.
====================T0210：学園風景・平和の終わり_0603.json====================
Female Student A: "There it goes!"
Female Student B: "Come on, come on......uhya!"
Female Student A: "Ahahahaha!"
A calm, relaxed atmosphere. A cloudless, bright blue sky. A baseball flies through the air after a nice, loud crack.
Time flows on mercilessly, all by itself.
Monday at Ayamine Academy couldn't be any more normal. All the anxiety and bad omens mean nothing here. Fifth period is PE. Today we're playing softball.
Male Student: "Hey, you're next, Mizuwa. Stop watching the girls already."
Akihito: "Someone please take my place."
No motivation wells up. I sit cross-legged and watch the girl's softball game.
Male Student: "Come on......"
Takahashi: "Shut up. We're busy watching poetry in motion."
Takahashi sits next to me in the same posture.
Female Student A: "A little more, a little more......ah, so close."
Female Student B: "Ahaha, too bad."
They're so cute.
Takahashi: "Those PE clothes look so good on them......"
Male Student: "So this is what moe feels like......"
The other boy I invited over sits down next to us.
Takahashi: "Now we can fight for another ten years......"
Takahashi always advocates two dimensional romance, but his strike zone is very wide.
Akihito: "Why is an otaku like you staring at real girls......? Maybe I should get one of your fellow otaku gods to exact punishment on you."
Takahashi: "Don't worry. My number one goddess is not 2D anymore. She's Yuuna-chan, the lovely star of our city!!"
Akihito: "......aaah, Yuuna-chan......"
His passion burns fiercely. I put my hands together in silent prayer.
Our appreciation of peace is interrupted by Kagome (who's actually attending PE for once) entering the batter's box. We continue until the calm mood is completely destroyed.
This place is peaceful.
Society is a busy mess right now. Both for normal people and the Coμnet.
For us coμs, there's no end to the bloody rumors. The Round Table, Caesar's Legion, the Anti-Rounds......the factions form a jumbled mess that could explode at any moment.
In Nanase's opinion, the monster on the highway is responsible. When the gig was destroyed and all of its attendees slaughtered, every faction became more paranoid and distrustful.
No one believes it's just one coμ that went on a rampage. These incidents have been too big and too suspicious.
The truth is always stupid, but humans only believe what they want to believe. They like their beautiful fairy tales, not the ugly reality.
Teacher: "I know you're tired after PE, but it's time for homeroom. No sleeping. Now, today we'll―――"
I put my head down on my desk. At home I can't get to sleep, but when the teacher starts talking I feel tired immediately.
Takahashi: "Hey, Mizuwa, no sleeping."
Akihito: "......she's still missing."
Takahashi: "You've been absent too, but......do you mean Soejima?"
Takahashi follows my gaze. The seat in front of me, where the inconspicuous transfer student sat. It's still empty.
Takahashi: "At this point there's a good chance she's a hikikomori or a dropout. Too bad......she was a good transfer student."
Soejima's absence doesn't disturb the class in the slightest. Even without her, time continues flowing mercilessly.
Takahashi: "Oh well, nothing we can do about it."
Takahashi is surprisingly unconcerned. This is one of his secrets to blending in with the class so well.
Takahashi: "Anyway, look sharp. They're going to decide who plays what in the sports festival. He says anyone sleeping will be forced to do basketball, soccer, softball, and volleyball with the underclassmen."
Akihito: "That would be bad."
I quickly wake up.
Teacher: "Mizuwa, you're awake. So, do you want to be in the softball game?"
Akihito: "Yeah."
He pauses in disbelief for a moment.
Takahashi: "A quick decision from Mizuwa the sloth......we're gonna have an earthquake tomorrow."
Akihito: "I feel eager to do something now. I'll show everyone what I'm made of."
I get sick of ordinary life and yearn for the extraordinary.Then I get tired of the extraordinary and come back to the ordinary.
These days I can really sympathize with school battle protagonists.
Even if the difference between ordinary and extraordinary is purely a matter of perspective, sometimes I want these calming fairy tales.
Teacher: "What about you, Takahashi? You don't have many apathetics to join you now."
Takahashi: "I'll do table tennis."
Teacher: "Okay, you're doing softball too."
Takahashi: "Not the catcher again......"
Takahashi always plays the catcher in PE class.My condolences.
Teacher: "......hey, Yamate. What about you?"
Yamate: "Eh? Ah, y-yes! Okay......!"
The not-so-memorable classmate freaks out and stands up.
It takes me a few moments to remember his name is Yamate. For some reason, he was looking at me earlier.
Teacher: "You're in softball too."
Yamate: "O-......okay......"
Teacher: "Now, the only ones left are―――"
Homeroom proceeds without incident. After the boys, he starts assigning sports to the girls.
Female Student: "I'm tall, so I'll do volleyball~"
Female Student: "Okay, I'll do softball! You won't believe how fast I can throw!"
Kagome: "I'll do softball."
The class falls silent. The teacher and I force ourselves to smile.
The witch normally ignores all school events. What's gotten into her?
Teacher: "......Mizuwa."
Akihito: "Yes......?"
Like frill-necked lizards, humans make it very obvious when they're on edge.
The teacher wants to let the sleeping dog lie. Thus, he sends me out to negotiate with the witch. The misfortune of being her childhood friend.
Akihito: "Kagome-san......?"
Kagome: "I'm playing softball."
Akihito: "You'll kill the other girls......"
This woman might actually be able to throw a revolving screwball of death.
Kagome: "As a handicap, I'll play boy's softball."
Why yes, of course you will.
Teacher: "............"
The teacher remains silent, and writes "Hinaori" in the boy's column. Our educational system has failed us.
Kagome: "To make it easier, I'll be the pitcher."
In the end, Kagome really does play on the boy's team. Even then, whichever team has her is automatically cheating.
Akihito: "Uwa......I feel bad for the people playing softball......"
Takahashi: "..................that's me!"
All I can do now is pray for the safety of the other class' batters, and that Takahashi finds peace in the afterlife.
Class ends.
Kagome: "I'll be on the roof. Come get me when you head home."
Akihito: "Okay."
Kagome says that before leaving.Hana-sensei asked me to help her organize some old documents, which is why I'm staying late.
Akihito: "Ah, Kagome, one thing."
Kagome: "Soejima?"
Her firm back answers me without turning around.
Akihito: "If you could find out her address at least, that'd help."
Normally I'd ask Kururi, but the monster on the highway is just too dangerous. Curiosity really would kill the cat this time.
Akihito: "I plan on telling Cat-senpai not to get involved in this."
Kagome: "I'll get the necessary information before we leave."
Her long hair flutters as she walks off. The witch looks so dependable.
Hanako: "That should do it."
Akihito: "That didn't take as long as I expected."
We sorted through all the documents in a bunch of cardboard boxes in no time at all.
Hanako: "You helped a lot. Moving things around goes so much faster with a man around."
Akihito: "Well, I can do little things like this whenever."
Akihito: "By the way, I didn't know you were the one giving Kagome those diet supplements."
I found an unlabeled bottle of Kagome's favorite supplement pills on the shelf.
Hanako: "Yes, I recommended them. They work very well on certain people."
Ayaya: "Hana-sensei, Mizuwa-senpai, here's some drinks~"
Ayaya barges in with three juice packs.
She must've checked I was in here with Hana-sensei and deliberately bought one for each of us.
Akihito: "Oooh, what a considerate kouhai!"
Ayaya: "Teheheh~"
Hanako: "Thank you. Were you waiting for him?"
Ayaya: "I was hoping we could go home together and then say "See you tomorrow!" However, he seemed busy so I didn't want to disturb him."
The nurse's office. A slightly cold room where a depressed beauty lives. We each insert our straws and begin drinking.
Kagome's waiting for me on the roof, but I'm sure she'd allow a quick break.
Ayaya: "Strawberry~"
Akihito: "Watching you makes me forget about all the dark things going on in the world."
Hanako: "You are the healing type. Maybe I could use you around here."
Ayaya: "I would like to try wearing a nurse's outfit~"
Nurse Ayaya. A little short with a full chest. 82 points. Nice.
Akihito: "A nurse......that would be good."
Hanako: "I have some outfits at home. Should I bring them to school sometime?"
Ayaya: "Yes, please! You want to see them too, right Senpai?"
Akihito: "Yes!"
Hanako: "Then I'll bring them tomorrow or the day after."
My precious relaxation time is over for now. The battle could start at any moment.
The monster on the highway―――Soejima Hisoka.I have to track down that transfer student.
Akihito: "Okay, I need to get going now."
Ayaya: "Ayaya will come with you!"
Hanako: "It's dangerous out there, so don't get hurt."
Akihito: "I'm very cautious, don't worry."
Hanako: "If you say so. Just be careful."
Hanako: "Humans break so easily."
An oddly serious warning. The depressed beauty in the dark office resembles an evil spirit beckoning me to enter the water.
Ayaya: "Ah, Senpai,wait one minute. I left something in the classroom."
Akihito: "Okay, I'll wait downstairs. Kagome's still there, so don't freak out."
Ayaya: "Gotcha~ See you in a minute."
She salutes, then flies off like a rocket.
Akihito: "Don't trip and hurt yourself......"
I take out my phone. I need to call Kagome.
Kagome: "It's me."
Akihito: "You sound like a businessman. Anyway, I'm heading home now."
Our conversation ends quickly. I start to put my phone away, and then it rings again.
Akihito: "Huh? Kagome......?"
I look at the display. It's Ayaya.
Akihito: "Ayaya? Why?――――"
Man: "You're Mizuwa Akihito, right? Come to class 2-C right away."
Akihito: "Who are you......!?"
I don't recognize this voice. A young man. The hair on my body stands on end. Why is he using Ayaya's phone!?
I concentrate on listening. I can't hear Ayaya's voice. I can hear irritating laughter from a few other men.
Akihito: "Hey, where's Ayaya!?"
I get flustered. These ominous signs send cold poison into my heart.
Ayaya was laughing normally just a few minutes ago.
Something burns in my mind. Black heat. Similar to anger.
Man: "Don't tell anyone, or I don't know what might happen to this girl."
Akihito: "――I'm coming! I'll be right there, so don't do anything! Lay one finger on her and I'll――――"
Man: "Think for a minute. We can see you from here, so don't try anything. If you do......"
Akihito: "I'm coming already!"
Man: "Hey, this guy's actually mad! Kyahaha――"
I end the call, cutting off the unpleasant laughter. I run, gripping the phone tightly.
――Who were those people?
I could hear at least two or three people there. I remember the pitiful corpses in the factory. The red color. Cold hands.
Dammit......! Black heat fills my brain.
I arrive at class C-2 to find three men waiting for me.They aren't wearing uniforms, so they probably aren't students.
They look the same age as me, indistinguishable from a trio of students chatting about games and manga.
Man A: "Oooh, you're here. That was fast. Are you on the track team?"
The only unusual thing about them is――
Akihito: "............"
The giant crouching in the evening sunlight behind them. A four-legged beast made of steel, not flesh and bone.
An avatar.A Gevaudan――
Akihito: "......connectors."
The hound's long, sharp claws stick out toward Ayaya's neck. She's unconscious.
Akihito: "――What do you want?"
I clench my fist so tight, my nails dig into my skin. I hold back the urge to punch them in the face.
Man B: "Get your avatar out."
Man C: "You call it Babylon......right? I want to see that black dragon in the flesh."
Akihito: "......and then what?"
Man A: "Fight it, of course. What else do you do with two avatars?"
The men laugh and order me around as if putting coins into an arcade game.
They have a hostage. This is no game.I assume they want to kill me and level up.
Many coμs have heard of Babylon. Most people don't know who the connectors are, but quite a few do, including the Round Table.
Somehow they managed to track me down personally.
Man A: "You won't summon it? You don't care what happens to her?"
Akihito: "You assholes......"
I could fight them head on, but it's one against three. My odds aren't good. Even if there were more people on my side, they still have a hostage.
I grit my teeth and summon Babylon. The black dragon slowly rises out of the gate light.
It's down on all fours like a beast, barely fitting between the floor and the ceiling. It looks huge and powerful, but right now it might as well be a scarecrow.
Man B: "Niiice, that looks strong."
Man C: "Scary~ Crap, I think I wet myself!"
Man A: "Hahahahaha!"
The men laugh.
Akihito: "......why did you target me? Did someone order you to do this?"
Man A: "Order us? No, it's nothing like that."
Man B: "Babylon's famous. If we beat him, we'll get famous and level up big time."
Man C: "Besides, rumor has it you're Takatou Nanase's right-hand man, and the Round Table is irritating as hell."
Akihito: "......why are you taking that out on me?"
Man B: "Well, it doesn't matter if those rumors are true or not. People still say you're helping the Round Table despite not being a member."
Man A: "For us striders, that's just embarrassing......kyahaha!"
Their shrill laughter is incredibly irritating.
Striders. Coμs not affiliated with any particular faction. I can't imagine they're actually motivated by pride or order.
Man C: "Now let's get started. Don't worry, we're gentlemen. We won't kill her if you do as we say. Hahahaha!"
Man A: "We wouldn't get any experience points from her. At most, we'll have some fun with her later."
Man B: "She looks a bit young, but her boobs are huge."
These assholes......it takes me a lot of effort not to charge forth and get myself killed.
They don't need a reason. They just want to trample over me because they can.
They're just playing around. They have no resolve and feel no guilt. They could take a life as part of some joke, without even understanding how bad that is.
Akihito: "............!"
I can't stand listening to their voices another second.
But what should I do?
If they destroy Babylon, the other four will die too. If I get rid of it, they'll kill me, and probably do something to Ayaya too.
There's nothing I can do. It's either my coμ, or Ayaya.
Someone is going to die no matter what.
Man A: "Okay, let's get started."
The hound leaps over them and moves forward.
One of the men holds a knife to Ayaya, and gives orders with a joyous voice.
Man C: "Kill him, Coeurl!"
With each flash of the hound's claws, a deep wound appears on Babylon. Each individual attack isn't that strong, but they'll add up eventually.
Since the black dragon can't move freely here, the hound can keep attacking mercilessly.
In this situation――
Running away would do the least damage. I could give up on Ayaya, run away, then counter-attack from another direction. Then only Ayaya would die.
Akihito: "......dammit......!"
There's no way I can do that!
Again, I can't do anything.Again, someone will be taken away, right before my eyes.
I'm sick of that.
There's no way in hell I'm―――
Man A: "Let's finish this quickly. It'd be bad if his friends suddenly showed up or something."
Reality is cold. Prayers, anger, and pain will never reach it. They won't change anything.
Only will and action can change the world.So―――
Man B: "Ah, that's more like it. Get him, get him!"
The hound's claws extend. Now they're as long as a reaper's scythe.
It's not as powerful as Jack the Ripper, but the slightest malice is still enough to trample over someone else's life. I'm learning that yet again.
This is a gentle kingdom. It gives and takes away with no concern for us.
It happens all the time, over and over again.If this is all a waste of time, then―――
Man A: "Okay, time for a serious attack."
Akihito: "............!!"
I taste blood around my back teeth, where I was grinding them.
Running away is the best choice.
I understand that.
If I stay, I'll be killed. That won't accomplish anything.
It won't save anyone or change anything. I'll just be adding a few corpses to the pile.
I know that, but I can't move.
My heart keeps rejecting the rational choice of running away.
I can't abandon Ayaya.
Even though I know that staying here is a terrible mistake.
The scythe of death rises up. It's aiming for the dragon's neck.
Ayaya, or my coμ. I can only choose one. Who will I kill? Who will I save?
Man A: "Die, Babylon."
The moment before that scythe slaughters Babylon......
―――A flash of light.
It falls from above, faster than sound, infinitely sharper than the reaper's scythe.
A blade.
An enormous, flawless piece of steel almost three meters long, without any unnecessary adornment.
The everlasting blade cuts through the hound and the building without a sound. It only leaves an afterimage as it thrusts downward.
Man B: "Wh-......what...was that......?"
It flashed by us in less than an instant. The blade is already long gone.
But it's still impossible to mistake that graceful, emotionless blade.
Akihito: "――――Sting!?"
The hound falls apart like two pieces of fruit, the cut as smooth as a mirror.
Man A: "――――"
There is only one end for connectors after their avatar is destroyed.Three faces contort in terror, then collapse motionless without even a scream.
The other two members of their coμ are also dead now, if they weren't already.
Akihito: "We're......saved?"
I rush over to Ayaya as she lies on the floor of the now-empty classroom.
Wind comes in through a broken window, blowing her hair around.Her breathing is peaceful and quiet.
I tell Hana-sensei about the three bodies. Police cars and an ambulance arrive, and the school is noisy and confused for quite a while.
Akihito: "......it's finally over."
Kagome: "We can go home now? That was tedious."
Three unidentified schoolboys were found in a classroom. Since I found them, they kept me a long time for questioning.
Miyato: "Hey, I hear you're the one who found the victims here. Must've been rough, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Miya-san......"
Inspector Miyato-san rushes over to me, panting.
Miyato: "Aaaah, I came running when I heard there was another group death, but I was shocked to hear you found them. You've been seeing the police a lot lately, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "I understand that, but......this isn't your case, is it? Are you supposed to be here?"
Miyato: "These mysterious group deaths are a big deal. It may not be assigned to me, but my detective instincts are telling me to look into this."
Akihito: "Are inspectors supposed to have that much freedom? This isn't a TV show......"
Miyato: "Anyway, I'm sorry you had to find something so unpleasant. We might have to question you again later, so see you then."
Miya-san hurriedly runs back to the police cars.
Kagome, Ayaya and I walk home together. Ayaya has a slight concussion, but no other injuries. That was a relief.
Akihito: "Takakura City is pretty at night."
Kagome: "Because we can't see the ugly parts."
I can see the cityscape well from here. This terrace lies along the path to our academy, and it's a popular hidden date spot.
Akihito: "......that must've been tough for you, Ayaya."
Ayaya: "Mm~ I don't really remember any of it~"
Ayaya knows nothing at all, spinning her head around with a carefree face.
Ayaya: "I feel like I bumped into the three of them in the hallway, then fainted right away.Those are the guys who died, right?"
Akihito: "The police say it's one of those mysterious group deaths we've been hearing rumors about. I'm just glad you weren't hurt."
Ayaya: "I had no idea what was going on when I woke up though, so it was all a big surprise."
She slowly puts her hands together.
Ayaya: "Come to think of it, while I was asleep, I had a dream!"
Akihito: "What about?"
Ayaya: "Senpai came to save me!I felt like it was actually happening, but I guess it was just a dream......"
My heart trembles.
I didn't save her.
I couldn't save her.
―――Again.
The tiniest piece of malice. The desire to kill just for fun.I keep losing people I care about to such things.My hands never reach them in time.
Akihito: "......that was a dream. All I did was find the bodies and freak out about it."
I force my tongue to keep moving and talk calmly, even as it grows numb.
Ayaya: "Oh well~ It was such a good dream though!"
Kagome: "Hmph......"
As always, the city below us looks peaceful.But Kagome's right.That's only because we can't see the ugly parts.
Evil. Monsters. Unfairness.There's so much lurking down there I could vomit.
Ayaya: "It's really scary having this happen so close to us."
Akihito: "There have been a lot of worrying accidents lately."
Kagome: "Nowhere is completely safe."
The three of us look down the hill. The spring wind. The pale moon. The dark night.
Black heat continues building up in my stomach, never going away.
Ayaya: "Oh yeah, Mizuwa-senpai, Hinaori-senpai, I heard you'll both be in the sports tournament!"
Ayaya bounces.
Akihito: "Yeah, I'm kinda in the mood for it."
Kagome: "I'll be the pitcher, so Akihito won't get to do anything."
Akihito: "Umm......we are a team, and we have to bat at some point."
Kagome: "My super-leagueball has 108 forms. The other team won't be able to move after the first inning."
Akihito: "This isn't baseball! And you'll kill the catcher!"
Ayaya: "I'm rooting for you! Kick butt out there! We'll have a party if you win!"
She runs around and shouts about it.
Akihito: "That might be nice. It'll be more exciting if there's a reward like that."
Ayaya: "Okay, pinky swear!"
Akihito: "What? ......well, if you want."
We lock pinkies and Ayaya sings.
Ayaya: "Cross my heart and hope to die, stick a needle in my eye!"
Akihito: "Okay."
Ayaya: "You'd better play as hard as you can! I hope we do get to throw that party~"
Akihito: "Yeah......I hope we do."
That would be nice.
Since there aren't any shooting stars, I wish upon the night sky instead.May this peace last just a little longer.
Kagome: "Akihito, did you know that making a promise with a girl before a big fight is a massive death flag?"
――――The witch has no empathy.
====================T0230：無法の王国での悲惨な出来事①_0603.json====================
I walked Ayaya home, just to be safe. Kagome and I got back shortly before eight. I felt tired as soon as I walked through the door.
Mayuki: "Welcome home."
Benio: "Welcome hooome."
One greets us in the entrance hall, and the other in the living room.
I'm used to people being here when I get home.
That alone lightens my mood, even after today's frustrating events.
Akihito: "......I'm back."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Kagome acts displeased.
A home where someone's waiting for me.It's so strange.
We gather around the dining table. They could have started eating already, but Benio and Mayuki have been waiting for us.
Benio: "We waited since you called us about it, so we knew it wouldn't take all night."
Benio: "Benio-san thinks dinner tastes better with more people."
I did call her earlier to say we'd be late.
Akihito: "......"
Kagome: "Your face looks like a dead dog, Akihito."
How is that possible!?
Benio: "Nooow, for tonight's dinner, we have curry! It's Benio's special ultimate diet combo curry, with spinach, eggplant and seafood!!!"
Benio holds up the curry pot with great pride.
A uniquely stimulating smell hits my empty stomach. Curry is good. It's ordinary, but has a lot of variations. It's light, but deep. It's wonderful.
Akihito: "Okay, but......why more diet food? Can't we have something nice and fattening once in a......"
Benio: "Enemy of the world!!"
Mayuki: "Huu, you're so clueless, Akihito-san. A girl gaining one centimeter on their waistline is as bad as your favorite anime not airing because a baseball game ran long."
Kagome: "Learn reason, fool."
Instant retaliation. The minority is always oppressed by the world.
Akihito: "Y-you guys............"
The spread of new age dietism is becoming a very serious obstacle to peace at the dining table.
Everyone: "Now, thank you for the food.""......hmph.""Thank you for the food.""......thank you."
We put our hands together, sort of say grace, then ferociously devour Benio's special.
Benio: "Hau, hau, ah, this is pretty good today."
Kagome: "65 out of 100."
Mayuki: "*chomp* *chomp*......uwa, the judges are so harsh."
Akihito: "So, about today's incident. At school I―――"
I quickly summarize the incident to Benio and Mayuki.
We've known about this ever since Jack the Ripper. A lot of violence lurks within the Coμnet.
If you know who the connectors are, there's an easy way to neutralize any avatar, no matter how powerful.
Kagome: "Babylon is needlessly famous, so it's more likely to get targeted. There may be more pests in the future."
Benio: "Uuu......but what should we do? If they were just targeting us we could handle it, but......they're taking hostages too......"
Benio clenches her fists on top of her lap. Her skin is turning white.If people come after our friends and family, we can't do anything to protect them.
That's not unique to the Coμnet.
The more connections you have, the more restricted you are. Invisible chains prevent you from moving.
With just a little malice, it's easy to break people, but almost impossible to protect them.
Mayuki: "......I think our only choice is to be more careful about concealing our identities......"
Akihito: "Though we can't just hide out in the mountains."
As long as we live, we can't be completely anonymous to everyone.
The more we interact with others, the more people know about us.
Babylon's coμ――At the very least, we know for sure that people know about me and Izawa.
Kagome: "Make them fear us."
The witch gives a simple suggestion as she sits on the sofa like it's her throne.
Kagome: "If connectors learn that taking hostages is effective, others will copy them."
Kagome: "So you must teach them that we will eradicate everyone who lays a hand on our friends. If you kill all offenders without exception, no idiots will oppose you any more."
It's extreme, but she's right.
Kagome: "If you can't do that, you'll have to abandon them."
Benio: "Aban......don......"
Kagome always gives simple answers.
That moment, when they took Ayaya hostage and cornered me――
What would I have done if Sting hadn't appeared?
Would I have saved Ayaya? Or the rest of my coμ?
Kagome: "There's no point thinking about it. If you ever have a third option, that means you got lucky. Plot armor won't protect you forever."
Kagome: "This could happen again any number of times, and not just to Ayaya."
Thus, we either stop them with overwhelming terror, or abandon everyone we care about.
Akihito: "......by the way, are there any less bloody options?"
Kagome: "Wear masks everywhere?"
Mayuki: "Hmm, you could call yourself the Red Star or Prince Casshern or something."
Akihito: "Over my dead body."
Benio: "Also......did Sting save you?"
Sting's attack. Was it a coincidence? Or was it trying to save me?
Mayuki: "I haven't seen it myself, but Sting is a legend in the Coμnet. Why would it help Akihito-san?"
Mayuki: "No one knows what it is, or what it's after. It kills whenever it appears. I think Akihito's the only one to see it twice and live to tell about it."
Akihito: "......even legendary swords like me......that's kind of terrifying."
I meant that as a joke to lighten the mood, but everyone glares at me.
Kagome: "Die now, fool."
Akihito: "......anyway, I'll think about what to do. Benio, Mayuki, be careful. We have no idea when someone else might come after us."
They nod, and I look away.There are piles of unfamiliar cardboard boxes in one corner of the living room, all of different sizes.
Akihito: "......what are those?"
Mayuki: "Online shopping."
Mayuki answers immediately.
Akihito: "Okay......but what's in there......?"
Mayuki: "As you are aware, I am an idol, so I'm fairly well-off economically."
Mayuki: "I brought all the data from my place, so there won't be any problems."
She states with pride, puffing out her chest. Not that she has anything to puff. It'll grow someday.
Akihito: "I don't understand."
Mayuki: "In layman's terms, they're computers, wireless LAN equipment and printers."
Mayuki: "I can't keep borrowing your computer forever, Akihito-san, so I bought new stuff."
A business smile, like a blooming flower. The skills of an idol.
Akihito: "......you're going to stay here that long?"
Mayuki: "......"
Mayuki: "Only until the stalkers leave me alone, of course."
Why the pause?
Akihito: "......oh well, as long as you're gone when my dad comes back."
Mayuki: "......like I said, only until the stalkers leave me alone."
Kagome: "Hmph."
The witch disapproves.
After dinner, we spend the evening chilling out.I use my computer to surf the web.Benio takes a bath, and Mayuki watches an anime DVD in the living room.
The lack of tension makes me unsettled.After what happened today, an indescribable black urge keeps floating up, then disappearing like a popped bubble.
Kagome: "Your stupidity is a known factor at this point, but tonight you were gluttonous too."
Akihito: "Why do you care!?"
Kagome: "I meant to say you had no self-respect."
Akihito: "That's not even close to what you said!"
Kagome's wearing her dangerous one-shirt outfit again, lying lazily on the bed and waving her legs around.
Kagome: "Soejima Hisoka."
The breath tickling my ear is sweet but poisonous. When did she get behind me? Kagome's footsteps are silent. Slender fingers stroke my throat like daggers.
Kagome: "Here's her address and other information."
Akihito: "......thank you, I'll check it out tomorrow."
She hands me a piece of paper folded in half.Kagome's presence comes even closer.
Her skin is shockingly white compared to her black hair. She has no underwear on her dangerous curves. I can't quite glimpse anything private, but I can't help but wonder if the witch deliberately chose this angle to prevent that.
Kagome: "Will you leap into the tiger's den? Only a fool would rush to his death the day after he almost died."
Akihito: "Uoo............u."
Her hot, soft body presses against my back.
Akihito: "I-I'm not that stupid. If it gets bad, I'll back out. She might not even be there anyway......"
Kagome: "How do you know?"
Akihito: "If her avatar is stampeding, everyone around her would be making a fuss about it......though I guess that's true no matter where she's hiding."
That night, the death goddess told me it was a drug's side effect, and not a stampede.
Kagome: "You give up too quickly. What kind of womanizer doesn't follow through when he says he'll settle something?"
Akihito: "That's the exact opposite of what you just said! Pick one or the other!"
Kagome: "That's impossible. Belittling you is my favorite hobby, Akihito."
Akihito: "That's horrible!"
Joking around with her doesn't make me feel any better. Soejima's face continues to haunt my mind.
Akihito: "......can we do anything to help her?"
Kagome: "You need magic to save a mad woman?"
Akihito: "Is that possible?"
Kagome: "I knew you were dumb, but you should really replace your brain with a sponge. At least you could use that for something."
Akihito: "......Soejima isn't stampeding......she was drugged. The "organization" behind the gigs was probably involved."
A destructive trap awaiting all connectors.――Stampeding.
When an avatar kills too many and levels up too much, you lose control of it.
No avatar has ever recovered after stampeding.
Kagome: "Oh, where did you hear that? Well, that aside, if that's true, we can't do anything about them or their mystery drug. If we could catch her, she might know......but that's impossible too."
Akihito: "Then we have no choice."
I'm done being depressed. Now that I know my target, my passion rises, no matter how unlikely it is to work.
Akihito: "We have to find someone in the "organization" and get them to talk."
Kagome: "............"
I stand up quickly, knocking my chair over. Kagome stares at me like I'm one of the seven wonders of the world.
Akihito: "............what?"
Kagome: "Akihito, for once I need to give you a serious warning."
Akihito: "All the others weren't serious?"
Kagome: "If your head is just for decoration, I could put a "Fragile" sticker on it."
Akihito: "My brain does work!"
Kagome: "It was so broken, I thought my partner had been replaced by a mannequin."
Kagome-san continues to stomp all over me.
Kagome: "I could call you a birdbrain, but that would be an insult to birds. A new word is required. Perhaps "foolhead?""
Akihito: "Don't do that! I'm not just some animal!"
Why is she being so persistent tonight?
Kagome: "We don't have any leads on them......and they have a private army. Are you really going to fight them? Just for one of your classmates?"
She says "classmates" the same way she always says "riffraff."
Kagome: "You're unbelievable, Akihito."
If I was Kagome――
I could probably fight off any terrorist or military organization if I needed to.
But I'm just a normal person crawling on the ground. My avatar is powerful, but not invincible.
Babylon has a gravity shield, and can destroy large buildings in a single attack, but one small knife is enough to neutralize it. That was proven just a few hours ago.
Akihito: "But so what――――"
A sudden beeping disturbs the heavy air. A phone call from Takatou Nanase.
Akihito: "......hello, this is Mizu――"
Nanase: "――wa-kun!? Please, come here right away!"
A scream. She's unable to control her volume.
Akihito: "......eh? Ah, Nanase-san?"
Nanase: "Please come quickly! At this rate......please, just come!!"
Kamishiro: "Nanase-san, it's gotten worse. One of them has started causing trouble by the――"
Nanase: "Understood, I'll be right there......Mizuwa-kun, hurry!"
When the call ends, I'm already moving. I grab my jacket, my moped key, and my wallet.
Kagome: "Did something happen?"
Akihito: "――Sounds like it."
The world is still dizzyingly fast.
====================T0240：無法の王国での悲惨な出来事②_0603.json====================
Chikashige Shoubu is a well-known connector in the Round Table.
The Round Table is the largest faction in the Coμnet, but very few people are capable of leading cabals with more than ten coμs.
The more coμs gather, the more fights and problems happen. Chikashige has done a lot to keep those larger cabals under control.
He was ambitious, and had a generous personality. He's one of the more powerful members allied with Nanase, and frequently gets sent out to deal with the Round Table's problems.
Chikashige hated fights. He's been dumbfounded by all the conflict recently. Why can't everyone be a little more agreeable?
He also knows the world doesn't work that easily.
Chikashige has friends. The other four in his coμ.
Kayumi Noriko was one of them.
Kayumi: "Listen, listen, I'm getting engaged!"
Chikashige: "You're just talking nonsense again."
Kayumi has very strong mood swings and emotional phases, and gets depressed easily. To Chikashige, she's like an irritating little sister.
Kayumi: "I'm serious, Shou-chan! I love him with all my heart! We're gonna get married after we graduate!"
Kayumi falls in love easily. Something similar happened three months ago. This time, her partner is someone from another coμ.
―――That was three days ago.
The park is full of people at night. At a glance, you can see at least a few dozen. They're young, and wearing a wide variety of clothes. They almost look like a gang or a team meeting up.
The storm of emotions is blowing fiercely. The groups have been split in two, and chaotic heat flows between them.
The conflict is simple.
One side is on the verge of starting a rampage, and the other is trying to stop them. The trend is crystal clear, and the dam of voices stopping them is far too small. Destruction is mere seconds away.
Izawa: "......colds are such a pain. You get a fever. You can't go outside. It even spreads to all the brats. It causes tons of trouble."
Izawa: "Just like you, Mizuwa. We haven't even dealt with Nomad yet, but here you are, sticking your neck into some other fight."
Kagome: "That was an awfully good analogy from the titmouse."
We watch the fight from afar.
Izawa's been making his displeasure known for a while, and I'm getting sick of hearing about it. Kagome hasn't been looking at the conflict since we got here.
Haru: "This seems more dangerous than just a "fight." It reminds me of when I played around with the owner of the last shop I worked at, and his wife came to yell at us."
Mayuki: "......that sounds deadly. I'd rather not get a bad end from being stabbed on the way to school."
It's been two hours since Nanase called me. I called Izawa and Haru afterward.
Babylon's coμ is all here, but the situation keeps getting worse.
Chikashige: "We know the Anti-Rounds did this, dammit!!"
Nanase: "We still don't have any proof――And this is......"
Many other cabals have been called here. They continue gathering around Chikashige. Everyone is speaking harshly. It's not a good sign.
Opposite them is Nanase's side. Even with us here, Chikashige's side has more than twice as many people on it.
Benio: "Akihito......what's going on?"
Benio walks over, unable to hide her anxiety.
Akihito: "Apparently there was a fight between that bulldog Chikashige's coμ and some Anti-Rounds."
Akihito: "Chikashige called a bunch of his allies......but Nanase-san wants to stop them."
That's why she asked us for help. She called others too, but they can't make it in time.
Izawa: "......they said one of their own was kidnapped, right? Let them go after her. At least they aren't just abandoning her."
???: "I understand your opinion, but please don't say that too loudly."
A soft-spoken man comes to greet us. One of the higher-ups on Nanase's side. We've met him before, but this is our first time talking to him.
Benio: "Who are you......?"
Mayuki: "So rude! Benio-san, are you bad at remembering people?"
Benio: "N-not really......I think......maybe."
Akihito: "Kamishiro-san, was it?"
Kamishiro: "Miauwa-san, I apologize for dragging you out here tonight."
He politely bows.
Kamishiro: "I am Kamishiro, or "Sir Bors" of the Round Table. Pleased to meet you."
Akihito: "Likewise. So, what do you plan to do about these guys?"
Sir Bors' voice turns grim.
Kamishiro: "We're currently looking for where they took Kayumi......Chikashige's friend. If we find her, we plan on taking her back......that's why we gathered here."
If all of these people are connectors, this is practically an army.
Akihito: "......and Nanase-san wants to stop him and try to resolve this peacefully somehow."
Chikashige: "Kayumi called me before she disappeared! She told me she was worried today because she'd seen so many Anti-Rounds!"
Earlier today, Kayumi Noriko disappeared.The last person she called was Chikashige. During that call, she told him she'd seen a lot of Anti-Round connectors.
Quite a few of the Anti-Rounds are "ex-Rounds."
They used to be part of the Round Table, but left or were banished and are now Striders.
Maybe they resent their old allies, but either way they tend to be the ones that take extreme action.
They knew Kayumi was a member only because they'd met her back when they were in the Round Table.
Nanase: "Everyone, calm down! Rushing to violence won't――"
Chikashige: "Do you have any idea what's going on!? Nanase-san......our avatar has been summoned!!"
That's why Chikashige is so impatient.
It was probably summoned by Kayumi, and no one knows where she is yet.
Chikashige and the rest of his coμ are out of range, so they aren't receiving any other information from it.
Chikashige: "They might be killing our avatar right now, as we speak!!"
Chikashige grabs Nanase with bloodshot eyes.
An avatar's destruction kills everyone in its coμ. Guilt, responsibility, age, gender, none of it matters.
Cabal Members: "Chikashige-san, we've located Kayumi. They have her in an abandoned warehouse by the river."
Chikashige: "―――Okay, no time to waste. Let's go!"
Nanase: "Please stop this! There must be a better――"
Chikashige shouts with anger. Everyone raises their fists in the air. Not one of them listens to Nanase's plea.
Haru: "Quite the festival tonight."
The voluptuous maid fiddles with her braid. She gazes at the fight, almost yawning, as if it has nothing to do with her.
Benio: "Akihito, can't we stop them? Before they......"
Akihito: "How could we do that?"
Chikashige's coμ is facing a very urgent crisis. No words can change that reality.
But I stand up despite all that. Kagome scorns me.
Kagome: "The bulldog is making far more sense than the sow."
The witch controls the crowd with an icy gaze.
Even Chikashige's coμ looks daunted before Hinaori Kagome.
A typhoon that affects all who exist near her. A being so overpowered that we can't even ignore her.
Nanase: "......a-are you saying......that Chikashige-san......is right......?"
Kagome: "He's being far more logical than you or Akihito."
Akihito: "I didn't say anything......"
Nanase's ideals have no real power. They can't stop Chikashige or save Kayumi.
Chikashige: "......ha, haha......you're not bad."
Chikashige: "Okay, tell everyone who isn't here yet to meet us at the warehouse. If we find Kayumi there, we'll―――"
As Chikashige gives orders to the rest of the cabal, he suddenly stiffens up.
Akihito: "――――!!"
Chikashige's face was seething with rage, but in an instant it changes into a mask of death.
He and the other three members of his coμ bend backward and fall motionless on the ground, without even screaming.
Nanase: "Chika......Chikashige-san? ......no...you can't...be......"
Aside from a few seconds of convulsion――They died instantly.Four connectors died just like that.
Cabal Members: "Chikashige-san!? ......Chikashige-san! Satou! Inoue!"
The truth spreads. Several screams. Several jeers.
Sudden death. A rule that binds all coμs――You "crash" when your avatar is destroyed.Chikashige's avatar was just destroyed, somewhere out there. No doubt Kayumi has met the same fate.
Cabal Members: "How dare they......kill Chikashige-san――――"
The death of a friend plants the seeds of anger. Everyone here has the power to give their anger a physical form.
Akihito: "......this is bad."
Kagome: "It's too late."
The witch's warning materializes almost immediately.
Cabal Members: "Let's go. They're not getting away――――Roar, Georgius!"
They summon an avatar wrapped in steel, oblivious to the danger that someone might see it.
――They charge.
The abandoned warehouse is only half an hour away on foot.
The cabal's avatars plow into it all at once. Before their rage, the rusted shutters and walls might as well have been straw.
Ivanhoes, Gevaudans, Pantagruels and Caspars form a steel tidal wave, acting out an overly destructive play.
Mayuki: "That was way too flashy. If this actually resolves things, the world's heroes will be out of a job."
As the group floods in, seeking the enemy, our Babylon enters through the hole in the front shutter.
We're not that eager, but five people did die tonight. We can't ignore this.
Izawa: "Look at all of them. They don't need our help to finish this."
Benio: "But......how could they do something so――"
Benio's enraged by Chikashige's death.
Kagome: "Akihito――They're far stupider than I expected."
Akihito: "What? Why do you sound so serious?"
We follow Babylon into the warehouse. It's pitch black inside.
There's a rotten smell. An unpleasant mixture of oil and dust.
This is――――
I look around, relying on the far-off lights of the city. Deep in the empty building, I see a light.
One of the Ivanhoes that charged in gets blown away. It gouges out part of the floor then rolls toward us.
Babylon mercilessly kicks it out of the way before we get flattened by it.
Mayuki: "Wahya......th-that was close......"
A different Ivanhoe walks out of the darkness. A light blue knight that had lain in wait for its enemy.
Akihito: "――――!?"
Benio: "Akihito, that's――"
Benio doesn't have to tell me. I recognize it.
We helped Nanase capture that blue knight before. They were in one of the dueling games.
Before we can dwell on the nostalgia, the Ivanhoe roars.
　　　　　　■■■■■■――――!!
The ground shakes under the uniquely silent run of an avatar. The blue giant raises its sword, just like last time.
Izawa: "――We already beat you, weakling. 
You don't get any rematches!!"
Izawa: "We're taking this guy down right now. Chibi! Maid!"
They look at each other. Mayuki and Haru nod in reply. The black dragon moves forward, responding to Izawa's will.
Haru: "Go for it."
The Ivanhoe attacks first. It's faster than before, so it must have leveled up.
Its lance swings down from directly over our heads.
But before the shining spear can complete its arc, the black dragon uses its gravity acceleration to get right up next to the knight in an instant.
The knight is shocked. Babylon's fists attack without mercy.
Babylon uses gravity control to give its limbs additional mass, making them as powerful as a giant's hammer.
An uppercut that could punch right through a human.
Izawa: "Hyaha――――"
The knight flies into the air like a tree leaf.
Babylon's gravity powers allow it to exert far stronger forces than even a medium-tier melee avatar.
That one explosive attack robbed the knight of thirty percent of its power. But it's not over.
Babylon is still charging forth with the speed of a gale, and Izawa redirects that momentum.
It spins around on its right leg. The centrifugal force accelerates Babylon's tail, and it smacks into the blue knight as it falls back to the ground.
Then it spins the other way, using gravity to counteract its inertia and driving its knee into the knight's body.
Its sharp, pointed kneecap pierces the knight's chest, and then it kicks with the rest of its leg. The Ivanhoe isn't even allowed to lie on the ground.
Benio: "Kyawa――――――――!?"
Even Benio, who's connected to Babylon, is awed by that combination attack.
A perfectly executed four hit combo, just like a fighting game replay, sends the Ivanhoe flying off into the distance.
It slams into the opposite wall of the warehouse. It's definitely disabled, and it might even crash.
Izawa: "That weakling didn't even help me warm up."
Haru: "Oooooh, good hangtime.It's almost stimulating."
Mayuki: "You just got a ten thousand point combo bonus."
The other three cheer him on, but our ally of justice grits her teeth.
Benio: "Wait, Izawa! That's too far! You'll kill them!! Don't break their avatar!!!"
Izawa: "What does it matter? They're obviously trying to kill us."
Kagome: "The weaklings are getting so fired up."
Izawa: "......shut up, snake."
Akihito: "Actually, are they still alive?"
The first attack rendered it harmless, but now it's motionless, just like a corpse.
Izawa: "I did go a bit easy on him."
That's as meaningless as when Kagome says it.
――The battle effectively ended at that point.
The blue knight's coμ had four people.One got crushed by a Pantagruel in the fighting, so now there's only three.
The Anti-Round coμ that started tonight's trouble.
Deep in the warehouse, they're surrounded by a number of other avatars. They're all terrified of what's about to happen to them.
Their eyes dart back and forth. Disturbing smiles are plastered on their faces as they beg for their lives.
Benio: "――Ueuu......uebu......!"
Benio and Mayuki vomit multiple times near the warehouse entrance. Their stomachs are empty, but they don't stop.
Some of the other connectors also come out for fresh air, unable to stay inside.
Haru: "......well, that is a standard reaction."
Kagome: "You're a tough maid."
Akihito: "――――――"
Deep in the darkness, a tragedy awaits.
The smell of thick blood, flesh, and decay. There's a small hill of iron girders and sandbags from back when this warehouse was abandoned. Behind it lie the bodies of dead women.
Women that were once young and beautiful.
Three of them.
The bodies were thrown back there like pieces of luggage, each with so many cuts you can't tell what they originally looked like. Their faces, arms, legs, torsos, even fingertips are all equally desecrated.
It was done with great care, attention to detail, and obsession, like an experiment to see how much one could damage a human body.
Their faces showed all the despair and suffering one could imagine, to the point where death was probably the ultimate relief for them. No one could stay sane after seeing them.
And it's obvious this was done to them for fun.
Not anger. Not malice. Just one-sided, overwhelming violence from the strong to the weak.
And there was one other abominable truth.
All the bodies were new, but still had obvious traces of a very specific act.One that had been done several times over.
Cabal Members: "Uuaaa......aaaaauu, aaa......hiaaaaaaaa......"
Some of the men cling to the third corpse, the one on top of the others.
The body that used to be Kayumi Noriko.
A thing that used to be human, but has been thoroughly violated and destroyed.
Anti-Round: "Wait......wait a minute......N-Nanase-san......hey, we were wrong, I apologize, we shouldn't have done that......so please don't kill us......you remember us, right? ......
guefu!"
Before Chikashige's friends make a move, I mercilessly kick the man's face.
Akihito: "―――Shut. Up."
The man vomits up blood and broken teeth, then crouches down. He nods several times, like a machine incapable of doing anything else.
Piercing rage colors my vision.
An urge so strong that it wipes out any urge to vomit after seeing that tragedy.
That man's terrified face. The ugliness of watching him beg for forgiveness, as if it's the first thing he ever took seriously in his life.The shamelessness with which he robbed others of their lives.
Black heat rises up from the pit of my stomach.
I want to erase this guy right here and now.I can't stand the thought of breathing the same air as him.
Izawa: "This isn't like you, Mizuwa."
Akihito: "............so?"
A bitter taste rises in my mouth, so I spit it out with disgust.
Kagome: "Control yourself, Akihito. Things like this happen all the time in the Coμnet. They just never get reported."
The witch is always right.
There are plenty of coμs intoxicated with the violence and destruction their avatars allow. Coμs may be able to hold each other back, but once someone crosses that line, no one can save them.
Beyond that line is freedom, in the form of lawlessness.
There's no one there to blame people for their crimes or pass judgment on them. Thus, they have the right to exercise all manner of freedoms.
Cabal Members: "......out of the way, Nanase-san."
Nanase: "W-wait, please......what are you......going to do?"
Nanase's pale after seeing the bodies, but she can sense the danger from Chikashige's friends.
Cabal Members: "Huh? What are you talking about? We're going to kill them, obviously."
Nanase: "W-we can't just...execute people......"
The reset of the cabal laughs at her.
Cabal Members: "Okay, Nanase-san, then what do we do with these three......?"
Nanase: "Wh-what......I...guess......"
Cabal Members: "They've killed five of us. They killed Chikashige. We didn't do a thing to them."
Cabal Members: "And on top of that......Noriko is......look what they did to her!!!!"
Nanase: "Hii......!"
Nanase backs away, terrified of the man's rage.
――They didn't care who they were targeting.
The Round Table versus the Anti-Rounds.
The Anti-Rounds claimed to be fighting for some great cause, but many of them were just targeting random coμs that happened to be in the Round Table.
They happened to know Kayumi, and she looked good, so they saw her as a decent toy. That's the only reason they went after her.
It's easy to capture a lone connector. After they took her into their lair and cut her up a bit, she obeyed their every order.
At the end they made her summon her avatar so they could destroy it. That was partly to level up, and also to make sure no idiots would show up later to avenge her.
Yesterday and today, they went through three people. They were going to use their avatar to clean up the bodies, just like they always did. That way not even bones would remain.
Cabal Members: "You brought these people into the Round Table, Nanase-san."
Cabal Members: "If you hadn't let them off so easily, Noriko and the others might not have died."
Nanase: "Th-that's......how could I have......"
The unexpected blame makes Nanase freeze like a statue.
Cabal Members: "And because you were so nice to them, they were able to kill these two girls too."
Cabal Members: "So? Nanase-san, are you going to take responsibility for this?"
Nanase: "Ah......ha......"
Cabal Members: "Just get out of the way. We're going to kill them and put an end to this shitty night."
Anti-Round: "N-no, wait, heheh......ah, hya......"
Akihito: "......hey."
I walk up to the man as he tries to back away. Something's been bugging me.
Akihito: "......when we caught you in that dueling game, there were five of you. What happened to the fifth guy?"
A tense smile appears on the man's face, like a young child being chided for a prank......
That's all I need to know.
The missing man is the one who told Nanase about the dueling games. A traitor. A warped element obstructing unity.
Haru: "Haaaa, so they killed him."
Heretics always get purged.
Anti-Round: "Hyaaa!"
The maid says it, and the man backs away again. He stands against the warehouse wall. He's cornered now.
Anti-Round: "Heh, heheh......wait......if you kill us......Nishiogi w-won't ignore that......"
Cabal Members: "Why should we care?"
Behind him, a Pantagruel stands up. Its eyes glow with anger in the dark warehouse.
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun――!!"
Nanase begs for help.
Haru: "What do we do, master?"
Akihito: "......sorry, Nanase-san."
I turn around, and walk out of the warehouse.
I unsummon Babylon. None of the others fight it, so the pitch black dragon sinks quietly into the gate light at its feet.
Nanase: "No, Mizuwa-kun! Wait! Please, wait!"
Nanase: "I-I know we can't forgive them......b-but we can't just execute people......that's not......"
Nanase: "Violence won't solve anything......it won't......it...won't......"
Akihito: "......I don't disagree with you, Nanase-san. You can do whatever you want to try and stop them. But――"
Akihito: "............I'm not that altruistic."
I spit out the words as I continue walking away.
I just want to go somewhere else. Anywhere other than this accursed catacomb.
Kagome: "Let's go, riffraff."
Izawa: "Don't order us around, snake."
Haru: "In that case, I guess O-Haru-san will try to cheer up Mayu-Mayu and Benio-chan."
Nanase: "M-Mizuwa-kun!!!"
We all walk away in unison, ignoring the desperate cries behind us.
We have no prayers or statements to make. We simply leave this cursed place.
Kagome: "The Round Table is finished now."
The witch makes a prediction.
Anti-Round: "W-wait a minute, don't kill me......"
Anti-Round: "Help me, I......I don't want......I don't...want to die...help me......"
====================T0245：不穏の気配②革命前夜_0603.json====================
271: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:15:41It's a war now.
272: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:16:10
Does anyone have a source for that story about Round Table higher-ups getting killed?
273: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:17:02
No one can waste time arguing about this stuff now that people are dying.
274: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:17:12
The Anti-Rounds are just terrorists. They attacked a random coμ they happened to know, and three people died.
275: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:17:48Why is this thread so active today?
276: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:18:18
People say Nero's cabal will fight Nishiogi soon. Apparently they're looking for a fight after their leader got killed.
277: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:20:27
They'd better think that through. If they get caught off guard they'll die in one hit.
278: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:20:28>>276
Nishiogi's the guy from MacBeth's coμ, right? I heard he was a pretty powerful Anti-Round cabal leader.
279: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:20:59
This is MacBeth-sama: http://www.akatsukiworks.com/product/com/xxxxx.html
280: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:21:11They really need to go clean out the Anti-Rounds at some point.
281: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:21:54
The Round Table is just useless. They never did anything about Jack the Ripper or about Nero's cabal.
282: Anonymous-sama: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun) 02:22:43
Caesar still hasn't gotten involved yet. Is he busy fighting the coμ hunters or something?
====================T0250：虎よ、虎よ②道化と王様_0602.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "I want to go home......"
Early morning.
The shock from last night hasn't worn off yet, but the sun rises anyway, and it'll sink again.
I check the internet for information.
Rumors spread fast.Everyone in the Coμnet knows what happened to Chikashige now.
Akihito: "......what's going to happen now?"
I turn off my laptop and go to the living room.
I don't see Benio or Mayuki this morning. Kagome's already done making breakfast.
Akihito: "Where are the others......?"
Kagome: "They're still recovering from yesterday. Such inferior weaklings. We'll have leftovers this morning."
Akihito: "......are you not bothered by all that?"
Even I nearly vomited there. The witch has nerves of titanium.
Kagome: "I'm very, very shaken by the experience. Now embrace your dere dere childhood friend to cure her."
Akihito: "Liar."
It's been a while since just Kagome and I ate breakfast together. 
Kagome: "Change into your uniform, or you'll be violating school rules."
Akihito: "You altered yours. That's just as bad."
Kagome glares as I leave without putting my uniform on.
Akihito: "I'm taking a sick day. I'm going to visit Soejima instead."
Kagome found the address for me. It's unlikely she's still there, but if I'm going to find her, I have to start somewhere.
Kagome: "I shall accompany you."
Akihito: "......are you my mom? Besides, if Nomad shows up......"
Even the witch can't do anything against an avatar.
Kagome: "If it caught you there alone, without the rest of your coμ, it would kill you in an instant."
Kagome: "Instead of worrying about what to do if it comes, we should look for clues without drawing its attention. That's why I'm coming."
I don't argue, because I'm not stupid enough to get myself hurt by opposing her.
Akihito: "Ah......I'd better tell the Owner I need some time off......"
A bustling night. Time flows quickly when we're busy.
I open my outdated cell phone and check the time. Fifteen minutes until we agreed to meet up.
The man I called out here tonight is very precise when it comes to time. He's never late or early.
The crowds are about thirty percent thinner than usual. The smell of blood grows thicker in this city with each passing day. Even normal people are starting to sense the danger.
Akihito: "......"
I sigh.
The attack at our school.The incident with Chikashige.
These depressing things keep happening, dragging out my foul mood.
Kagome: "You never learn, Akihito. Though that's to be expected from a man who can't even remember how to add or subtract."
Akihito: "I remember that much!"
Kagome and I wait on the footbridge.
Akihito: "......and you're still hanging out with me for some reason."
Kagome: "Because I'm dere dere."
Akihito: "Why do you keep saying that!? When have you ever been dere!?"
Kagome: "If you have to ask, then nothing I can say would make you see it."
Then how am I supposed to understand?
Right on time, two sets of footsteps cross the paved street.
His attitude is haughty, but his footsteps are reserved.A white man. Gasai Itsuki.A loyal knight following him like a shadow. Shinomiya Yoruko.
Gasai: "You seem well, Clown."
Akihito: "As do you, King."
We give our usual greetings.
The large moon passes overhead.The city is sleeping in its temporary death once again.
Its face by day. Its face by night.The city has many faces, as do those who live there.
Suddenly, I find myself wondering which sort of creature we are.
Akihito: "The city has gotten quite dangerous, King."
Gasai: "There were signs. We've been standing on a powder keg since the beginning."
Gasai smiles coldly at the meaningless comment.
The peace of the Coμnet was always a glass castle. A fairy tale.
Steel fantasies that move when people connect to them. Humans are such feeble beings compared to the unparalleled violence of an avatar.
Gasai: "The coμ hunters, the monster on the highway, the massacre at the gig――And now Chikashige's death."
Akihito: "......did you expect this?"
Gasai: "The curse of malice is infectious. Everyone clings to illusions they've never seen, even though they disappear in an instant."
Even what you can see is hard to believe.People have no trouble believing in things they can't see, but those things easily betray them.
Taillights pass underneath my feet.The night is so dark, I can't even tell what kind of car it is.
Akihito: "The Round Table and the Anti-Rounds......"
Gasai: "They won't back down without a fight."
The king indifferently gives me the answer I least wanted to hear, as if it was obvious.
Gasai: "What happened to Chikashige sealed it. He was one of the Round Table's most capable leaders. He was popular, and he sympathized with the Anti-Rounds."
Akihito: "So why did they target him?"
It's easy to usurp a single person's existence. Like what happened at school. Like how Chikashige's coμ was killed.
Whether they have avatars or not, humans are dark, malicious tumors hiding formless monsters from the moment they're born.
They trample over and assault others, sometimes with malice, sometimes without.
――I remember the red color.Even the smallest blade is enough to take a life.
My mother died.
The red color stained the white floor.
It was burned into my memory, haunting me in dreams.
I remember my mother's face as she held me.
I remember her hand when it got burnt instead of me.
I remember her tears when my grandfather died.
Toil, hardship, and misfortune.
But she still lived the best she could.
She should have had a future too.
A tiny blade took all of that away from her.
The slightest bit of malice tore her apart.
I remember my father's aged back when we stood together at her funeral.
Until then he'd always seemed very tall and strong to me, but that day he looked so weak.
My grandmother. My aunt. My uncle.
People who loved my mother. People who hated her. People who cursed her.
All of those feelings were thrown into the fire together.
That's why――I couldn't forgive him.
Gasai: "More importantly, the monster on the highway."
The king's statement brings me back to my senses.
Gasai: "Everyone knew the gigs were a thorn in the Round Table's side."
Akihito: "The Round Table manipulated Nomad? I don't think they're that stupid."
Gasai: "That fairy tale is easier to believe than the one about some military organization pulling the strings."
The world wants gentle lies. We can understand each other. We can love each other. We can have peace. No one wants to see the complex and enormous monster that we're all a part of.
Gasai: "The Round Table also suspects Anti-Rounds were involved."
Akihito: "Of course they do......"
Spilt blood engenders doubt.The monster called paranoia ravages our peaceful world.
Akihito: "......I guess it wasn't that peaceful after all."
Gasai: "It was an illusion."
I shrug my shoulders.Gasai's sharp gaze turns toward the city for a moment.
Logic and kindness.
The Coμnet has been wallowing in peace, believing in stupid fairy tales.This is what they get in return.
Gasai: "So, what do you want today? You should already be able to call my Legion if you need them."
Akihito: "......I wanted to ask you this favor in person."
Gasai: "How admirable, Clown."
Akihito: "I want help tracking down the "organization.""
Kagome: "Hmph."
Yoruko: "......eh?"
The two girls react to that statement.
Gasai: "......I was going to do that anyway. I will fight all who stand in my way. It is unavoidable."
He says without arrogance or extravagance.The king's way of life does not waver in the slightest.
Gasai: "However, the "organization" has a literal army at their disposal. There's no point sinking my fangs into them without a clear plan. Do you want to do that, Clown?"
Akihito: "I wouldn't waste my time on that. It's just......"
Akihito: "I want to stop Nomad."
I say "stop," not "kill."
Silence falls on the footbridge while Gasai considers my intent.
Kagome: "......"
Gasai: "I cannot leave a monster like that unvanquished. If you don't deal with her, I will. Besides, everyone has been yearning for a hero."
They fear the monster and the war, waiting for a white dawn to end the night.
Akihito: "I want to stop her, not kill her."
Gasai: "......so you're still weak to women. Foolish clown."
Gasai: "You can't stop a stampeding avatar."
Akihito: "Nomad isn't stampeding. She was drugged."
Gasai: "......by the "organization?""
Gasai's eyes narrow, as he tries to figure out what I'm after.
Akihito: "I've been told this whole thing started when they gave her some kind of drug. Something that makes the avatar stronger but damages the connector's mind."
Akihito: "......I think it's a drug that makes connectors stampede on purpose."
Akihito: "If it's not a stampede, then there might be a way to――"
Gasai: "Enough prattling, Clown. That's not a possibility, but a dream."
Gasai dashes my hopes.
Reality doesn't have any fairies to turn pumpkins into carriages for you.
I learned that a very long time ago, but......
Akihito: "So what......?"
I remember that night.
Slender shoulders shaking in a small alley. Clear skin and wet hair.Her face as she looked up at me like a lost child with no place to go.
The void in her white face.In it, I saw a reflection of myself.
A part of her heart that had been unfairly taken away.
Her heart died a long time ago, but she continues to drag her heavy body around.
I don't know what happened to Soejima.Every person has their own misfortunes and despair.
But so what―――?
If she's lived her whole life having things stolen, I don't want to take anything else away from her.
Akihito: "I know all that, but......"
Gasai: "I will defeat Nomad. If you merely want to stop her, do it before me."
Gasai: "So―――Do you have any leads on the organization?"
Without even exchanging glances, we move on to the true matter at hand.
Akihito: "I have two. First, a woman who knows something. But she's a genuine death goddess. Babylon's nowhere near strong enough to force her to talk."
Hasekura Touri, the death goddess. She gave me information on Nomad, so she must have some connection to the organization.
Akihito: "Second, I think the people we fought at the harbor are still tracking Soejima. If I could find them......"
Kagome: "――Soejima Hisoka is a survivor from the incident five years ago."
The witch's words interrupt us.
Akihito: "Kagome, you!?"
Why tell Gasai about―――
Gasai: "......five years ago?"
Gasai's and Yoruko's faces are stiff.
Behind his cold exterior I can glimpse tragic memories.A calamitous past everyone in this city shares.
Five years ago.Something terrible happened to this city.A series of terrorist attacks orchestrated by some religious cult.
Yoruko: "Five years...ago......"
Unlike Gasai, her face shows it.Taboo memories drain the blood from her lips.
Gasai: "Those attacks?"
Here, I am the outsider, the only one who does not share this memory.
Kagome: "They lasted seven days. On the third morning, two apartment buildings on the hill were destroyed. Almost all the residents were killed. Only two survived."
She indifferently reads her report. That's part of Soejima Hisoka's profile.
According to Kagome――
Only two people survived. Soejima's parents and brother died in that attack.
After that, Soejima spent five years in the hospital. She was in a mysterious coma the whole time.
A sleeping beauty who lost everything.
Half a year ago, she suddenly woke up.How did she feel when she saw how the world had changed?
Gasai: "Is that Nomad's connector?"
Kagome: "That doll was living with a man. He was probably a connector, and the gig organizer."
Soejima lived in a pricey apartment building. We went there this morning, but there was no sign that anyone had been there since the incident. We only learned that two people used to live there.
Akihito: "But he......"
Kagome: "Yes, he was killed by Nomad."
Akihito: "............"
She killed the man she lived with, with her own hands――
Kagome: "Akihito, this is a warning. Soejima is already dead. She's broken, and she can only break further."
She says the same thing as the death goddess. You can't reason with a monster that's already dead. They're savage, foreign creatures that can't be reasoned with.
Gasai: "......I see, that explains a few things."
Akihito: "What do you mean, King?"
Gasai: "I see the connection between the two incidents Nomad caused."
Gasai: "The terrorist attacks five years ago. The two places Nomad attacked were also attacked back then. It's too perfect to be a coincidence."
Akihito: "......what's the point in that?"
Is she reenacting the terrorist attacks? Or is she trying to make the present as bad as her past, where she lost everything?
Gasai: "I don't know. But if my guess is correct―――"
Nomad's next attack will also be at the site of an old terrorist attack. But there are several of those in this city. It'd be difficult to guard all of them.
Akihito: "―――The hill."
That's the place that connects Soejima to what happened five years ago.The sanctuary where she lost everything.
If the monster on the highway really is a vengeful ghost from the past, then the place where it was born should be――
Gasai: "It could be a clue."
The sun finally shows itself, but its light is as weak as a spider's thread.
The next day.
In the morning, we head to the hill, hoping to find a lead on the monster.
The unsociable king and his puppy walked here on their own two feet.It happens once in a while.
Kagome and I are with them. Not a very relaxing bunch to hike with.
Something happened five years ago.Terrorist attacks that lasted seven days and nights.The media had a field day, and the people wailed with unprecedented anger.
Most of the city's scars have healed. But there is one place that's been abandoned, as if everyone forgot about it.
Kagome: ""Ground zero"――This place took more damage than any other, though relatively few people were killed."
The eastern side of the hill. The abandoned apartment buildings.
Commonly known as "ground zero"――It looks as if a missile exploded here.This area still has fences with "No Trespassing" signs around it.
Akihito: "Wow............"
Every year, around the anniversary of the incident, relatives of the deceased leave bouquets next to the fence.
Outside the fence, the city continues its ordinary activity.The fence separates this place from the rest of the city.The edge of our world.
There's a plan in motion to rebuild this area. Before long, these abandoned apartments will be wiped away, along with the last scar left by the incident.
Akihito: "If you hadn't changed your phone number......"
Kagome: "......what are you talking about?"
Kagome furrows her brows when I say something she doesn't understand.
Akihito: "......I called you when this happened."
Kagome: "......"
Kagome's family lived in Takakura City. Back when I heard about this, I got worried about her, so I tried calling several times.
The call never connected. Either she changed her number, or part of the network had been brought down by the attacks.
We never texted each other after I left.I didn't have any time back in those days.
But I did call her when this happened.Unfortunately, her number didn't work anymore.
Tools meant to connect us. After time passes, they make our separation more apparent.
Connections between people can't overcome distance and time.Back then, and now, I just gave up and watched TV.
Akihito: "Come to think of it......how's your family doing?"
Akihito: "You said they sold that mansion and moved away......but was that because of these attacks?"
Kagome: "They died."
A blunt and unexpected answer. Kagome coldly folds her arms like it has nothing to do with her, and gazes on the misty city in the distance.
Akihito: "......they died?"
Kagome: "In the attacks five years ago. The Hinaoris were a prominent family in Takakura City. A good target for terrorists."
Kagome: "I'm the sole survivor."
A cut-and-dried statement, as if reading the dinner menu.
Akihito: "......but you said......"
Kagome: "I lied."
Her expression doesn't change at all, which irritates me.
Akihito: "......you should've said so earlier."
Kagome: "I'm alive. That's all there is to it."
She turns around, as if rejecting me.Her splendid black hair blows in the wind as she stands firm.
A witch with no living relatives.
She never gave any indication of that.
Kagome: "This is no time to stand around. Let's go, Akihito."
She walks off, and I jog to catch up.The witch doesn't give others a second glance.We walk side by side.
Akihito: "Idiot."
Kagome: "Not as bad as you, Akihito."
There are two mountains of rubble here.
Two apartment buildings that were wiped out, along with many of the people who lived in them. The place where Soejima Hisoka's heart died.
Akihito: "Found anything?"
Gasai: "I'll bring the Legion to do a thorough search."
Akihito: "No. If Nomad shows up, they'll get slaughtered."
In its current state, no ordinary avatar is a threat to Nomad.Like with Jack the Ripper, throwing more coμs at it will merely feed it.
Kagome: "――――Akihito."
The witch's overpowering presence makes my hair stand on end.I hurriedly turn around.
Kagome's turned away from me, looking at a shadow standing in the distance.
The morning sunlight falls on the ruins.This abandoned ground may be covered in death, but it's nothing compared to the thick odor from that shadow.
One woman stands at the entrance to the ruins.
Even under the bright light, the woman is more terrifying than graceful.
Akihito: "Hasekura Touri――"
Black clothes, like a mourning dress. She doesn't paint the world in death, but levels it out with that great equalizer. A heretical death goddess who kills without distinction, no matter their age, sex, or morality.
Touri: "This is an intriguing combination."
The death goddess' mouth twists into the shape of a smile.
Touri: "I see you didn't listen to my warning, connector."
Akihito: "If you're here, then this place is connected to Soejima after all, isn't it......?"
Touri: "Yes......follow me. I may as well save you the time."
She turns around without waiting for our answer.
I tell the others who she is.
Yoruko gave the most befuddled look, as if my brain was full of maggots.
Gasai: "First a monster, then a death goddess?"
Touri: "Don't be so distrusting. You need to learn how women's hearts work."
Akihito: "......you did almost kill me, you know."
Kagome: "Hmph."
The ruined corridors are dark even during the day.The damp, moldy air and a peculiar bad smell surround us as we walk.
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko's on edge, her hair standing on end. She doesn't like being so close to a monster who can destroy an avatar bare-handed.
Touri: "Here. This is probably Nomad's hideout."
A decrepit corner of the abandoned apartment building.A barren room with no one in it.
There are slight traces of someone living here.A convenience store bentou. Empty juice packs. Water bottles......
What was Soejima thinking? Why did she start living here all by herself, barely eating and drinking, without any bed or blanket?
Kagome: "You can see a lot from here."
She looks down through the broken window. I peek over her shoulder.We can see the two crumbled buildings from here.Five years ago, Soejima lived in one of them.
Gasai: "Sooner or later, Nomad will come back here."
Gasai reminds us of the real problem.
Gasai: "Let's gather our pawns. We should ambush Nomad here."
Akihito: "――――"
A declaration of war.
====================T0255：副島密・回想_0602.json====================
At 14:16:23......
It appeared without warning.
New Takakura Station. A temple fifty meters tall at its peak.Blue light suddenly rises up within a hallway.
That blinding blue light swirls around without heat or sound.
The hall is connected to hotels and department stores, so people pass through it every hour of the day. There are easily over a hundred people here right now.
The people stop and gaze at the shining light.Is someone filming a movie? Is there a big event going on today?
Three people suddenly scream and run away, possibly because of all the other attacks recently. Given what happens next, they were very fortunate.
Only five people recognized that light as a warning.The light brighter than the afternoon sun.
Then it rises up.―――The giant appears.
Out of the blue light comes a monster twice the size of a human.
A bluish black steel giant, with an enormous lance on its left arm.
The monster lands silently on the ground, as over a hundred pairs of eyes look at it.
The people are so stunned they stand still like mannequins.Seeing such an unrealistic phenomenon has numbed their thoughts rather than scared them. 
Someone points to her from the escalator.
The girl carried in the monster's right arm, like a maiden held by a barbarian.
She wears what looks like a school uniform, and doesn't go well with the ferocious giant at all.
The digital clock in the station wall shows the number 17. Chatter spreads like a wave. Some people hold up their phones, and the shutters click.
The world finally starts to move again――At 14:17:49.
The giant hadn't moved an inch, as if it was asleep.Now its one eye burns bright red.
The lance of death flashes.
Once released from the giant's left arm, it turns into a whip stretching dozens of meters long, circling the grand hallway.
Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. Death.
The blue whip mows down all before it.Humans, pillars, floors, walls, machines, windows.All are pierced, sliced and destroyed without distinction.
―――The massacre has begun.
Akihito: "What did you say!?"
My voice is close to a scream.Mayuki responds through the phone with her own scream.
Mayuki: "I don't know! But everyone's making a huge deal out of it! Videos and texts are getting uploaded constantly......"
Kagome: "What is it?"
Kagome's eyes narrow. She can tell something's not right.
Akihito: "―――Nomad appeared in Takakura Station."
There's an avatar rampaging through Takakura Station in broad daylight.No sensible connector would have the nerve to do that, but Soejima isn't normal anymore.
Kagome: "2 PM......we should consider ourselves lucky it didn't appear during rush hour."
I don't know what to say to that.I clench my sweaty hands and answer with a dry voice.
Akihito: "............Mayuki, do you know anything else?"
Mayuki: "I don't have any details. Just that the first people to text about it aren't sending anything anymore......"
The avatar of death. Nomad―――The monster on the highway, with the power to kill, for the sake of killing. There's very little hope of anyone in the station surviving.
Akihito: "Mayuki, where are you now?"
Mayuki: "The bathroom at school. I just saw this online, so I slipped out of class to call you......"
Akihito: "Can you come meet us? We're on the hill. This is Nomad's hideout."
Countless deaths.Lives being lost this very moment.We can't leave Soejima alone any longer.
Akihito: "We're going to stop Nomad. She'll probably come back here afterward, and there's no way we can make it to the station in time, so――"
I grid my teeth. Anger. Frustration. A herd of emotions with no outlet.
Soejima is cruelly taking people's lives away.As always, my hands can't reach them.
But so what――?I said I would stop her. Not kill her.I'm not willing to give up on her, but that's weakness, not strength.
After a period of silence......
Mayuki: "All right. I can't forgive this either, so I'll find Benio-san and head out there."
Akihito: "Thanks. I'll call Izawa and O-Haru-san."
I call them.
Izawa's in the business district, so the calamity reached him too.The area around the station is a horror movie come to life right now.
Haru: "Okay, I'll come as quickly as I can."
Izawa: "......good. I can finally wipe her out."
I have no response to Izawa.
Soejima has crossed a line you can't come back from.
The only way to stop her is to kill her, just like Nomad has done to so many others.
Akihito: "......better call her too."
Akihito: "Do you mind if I call another coμ to help, King?"
The king is calling his subordinates right now. He grimaces at my question.
Gasai: "Clown, you're the one who said a dozen ordinary coμs would do no more than feed Nomad."
Yoruko: "......Rondo?"
I nod.Having more strong coμs with us can't hurt.
Yoruko: "I think they'll be fine, Itsuki."
Gasai silently accepts Yoruko's assurance.Since these are school hours, I send her a text."If you get this message, please call back immediately."
I send a terse message, and three minutes later Rondo calls me.
Akihito: "――Have you checked the internet?"
Rondo: "Why do you ask? Come to think of it, someone was making a fuss earlier. Did something happen?"
Akihito: "Nomad appeared in Takakura Station."
Rondo: "Takakura Station――――At this hour? Don't tell me you're going to go fight that thing? By the time you get......"
Akihito: "We've found her hideout."
Rondo: "......Nomad's hideout?"
Akihito: "We're going to fight her here, and Caesar's helping us."
Rondo: "――――!"
Rondo: "That's quite the all-star cast. Is Yoruko there too?"
Akihito: "She is."
Rondo: "......all right, I'll gather the others. I'm still in school though, so I don't know if I'll make it in time."
Touri: "Have you come to terms yet?"
The death goddess looks out the window.
Her gaze rests on the great temple that is Takakura Station.A place that is now becoming a palace of death.
Touri: "The dead do not come back to life. Harvesting those who fail to die completely is a form of mercy, is it not?"
We will stop Nomad.The best way to do it is killing Soejima.The connectors are always the weakest part of an avatar.
Fighting a monster like Nomad means putting the rest of my coμ in danger.
Soejima, or the other four. I weigh their lives on scales of blood.
If I put my own life on the line and die, that's just my own foolishness.But the coμ rules won't allow that.My foolishness would kill four others as well.
Will and action can change the world.Will and action can destroy yourself and others.We're bound to each other by invisible chains, and share the same fate.
We're connected in accursed ways we cannot ever undo.
Kagome: "You're in no position to talk like that, death goddess."
A witch and a death goddess.Two dark women face each other.They have no animosity, but I still feel like I'm standing on a powder keg.
Touri: "Even a witch's magic cannot save that barbarian. At best you can mislead an ambitious general. The dead do not come back, ever."
Before they knew it, everyone was dead.
The hallway in New Takakura Station.The glass castle is now a church of death.The thick smell of blood. The red color. Redder than the evening sky.
A concrete expression of violent death.A construct of flesh, blood, and the odor of decomposition.A surrealist painting representing how we all end.
The bluish black giant walks through the empty hallway.Soejima Hisoka rests on its right hand as it shakes like a cradle.
She's the only person still moving.Herself, and her other half――Nomad.
Hisoka doesn't know where she is. She feels like she's been here before. With her brother, and her parents.
A long time ago, just after they bought her a new backpack. It was her parents' anniversary.
Her parents always felt like newlyweds, even after they started raising children. Hisoka frequently chided them for their embarrassing behavior.
Where is she? Why is she here?Hisoka doesn't know. She just continues shaking in the giant's hand.
Nomad wanders around, following Hisoka's will.
The hall looks like a massive explosion just took place. Not one of the carelessly strewn bodies has retained its human shape.
Nomad killed all moving things that it could detect.Humans, animals, even machines.
Even after killing everyone in that hall, the lance of death continues to seek sacrifices.
It pierces walls, shoots through pillars, and breaks into floors and ceilings. Within two minutes, everyone on the first six floors of the adjacent hotels is dead.
Like a storm, death comes to all without exception.
Just like that day――When the calamity assaulted her.
Was it yesterday? Or a long time ago?She doesn't even know that, though it should be very important.
The puzzle of her memories falls apart with each step.The pieces are small, but burned deep into her.
That day――When the angel of judgment came down from the sky.
It was an ordinary day at first.
Her father was there, and her mother. Her brother overslept as usual. There were no clouds in the sky. The blinding blue went on and on forever.
They ate breakfast as a group every morning.
They innocently believed that day would be the same as yesterday, and that similar days would continue on forever.
She woke up her brother, scolded him for sleeping in, and they went to school as usual.
She talked to her friends about what she saw on TV yesterday.
It was a drama nearing its climax. The heroine's friend died in the last episode, and the hero who should have helped her was busy helping a different woman at the time."That was so mean of him, you know――"
Three doors down from them lived an older girl who skipped a grade back in spring, putting her in middle school.
That girl had a new hairstyle and uniform, and looked much more adult than before. Hisoka wanted to be like that as soon as possible.
The same blue sky as yesterday. Thus, today will also be the same.
But it wasn't."She" was outside the window.
――――Girl A.
At the time she didn't know her name. Back then, she didn't have a name.
There had been signs.She'd started hearing the strange singing two weeks ago.
It reached her day and night, but no one else could hear it. She told her parents, and they visited a doctor, but nothing was wrong with her.
She felt like something was calling to her.
For no particular reason, she was worried she'd caught some strange illness that might make her lose her hearing at any moment.
It was Girl A's voice.She knows that now, but back then the internet didn't have that information, so Hisoka worried a lot about it.
Three years before the supposed first sighting of Girl A, Hisoka met her.
A nameless songstress, wearing strange clothes like an anime character, with a color not of this world.
The girl probably wasn't much older than her.The illusion sat outside the window, in a place she felt she could reach out and touch, and her long hair blew in a breeze that didn't exist.
Then, Soejima Hisoka was connected.
She learned the sensation of being connected, and understood that an avatar had been born. The other four were probably close by at the time.
But she only knows one other person from her coμ.
She has no idea who the other three were.
Because they died.
After she felt the connection to them, she stood in awe at the change that had taken place. And then......
Blue.
Hisoka remembers the blue sky.The scenery outside her window.The illusory girl and the clear blue sky.
And then――――Light fell.
She heard the wind. The low roar on that late winter night.It came from high in the sky, and passed through in an instant.
The window shivered from the wind, as if afraid.
×××: "What is it, Onee――――"
Those were the last words her brother ever said.
The world tilted. The entire room leaned to one side.
They fell.
Hisoka's apartment slid down, as if a giant sword had just cut diagonally through the entire building.
Most of eastern building number seven slid down and crumbled apart.
It happened just before her parents would've left for work. Hundreds died that day.
Only two people on that floor miraculously survived. At the time, it was treated as part of the series of Takakura City terrorist attacks.
Before she knew it, she was in a pile of rubble.
The apartments literally broke apart. Nothing but rubble and splinters remained, just like the news broadcasts showed.
No children had survived either.
There were so many families, so many lives there a moment ago.The calamity swept them all away.
Her father, mother and brother all disappeared in an instant for no reason.
Her brother laid under the rubble.She had reached out to him as they fell, but she couldn't grab his hand.
She was the sole survivor.
Why―――?
In her hazy mind, that was all she thought.Why was she alive? Why was her brother dead?
There was no answer.Her life. Her brother's death. Her parent's death.All the other deaths. None of them had any reason or meaning.
They'd only been fifty centimeters apart. If a gap that small can decide their fates, how much more meaningless could life be?
Hard work, suffering, perseverance, joy, sorrow.It could all be wiped away by something that trivial.
She lay there, unable to move.
――――She just looked up at the sky.
She saw a god.
A god appeared in the clear blue sky, with a cold indifference to the tragedy on the surface.
A blade without a single flaw. Steel judgment incarnate.
She automatically knew that it brought about this overwhelming death.
In which case, it must be a god.
If anything could cause this much death so mercilessly, so casually, then it must be a god.
She doesn't remember much after that.
She fell into a coma.
Maybe because of the accident, or maybe because it happened just after she was connected to an avatar for the first time.
Five years passed. Hisoka kept sleeping, only to wake up half a year ago.
Five years―――Plenty of time for the world to change.
When she woke up, Hisoka's world was over.
The tragedy was labeled terrorism, and the truth disappeared.Her family and friends were long gone.
Hisoka was thrown alone into a world five years in the future, without a single person waiting for her.
Except one.
That day――"He" was the only other person to survive.
Like Hisoka, he'd become a connector that day.
For five years, he'd been desperately waiting for Hisoka to wake up from her inexplicable sleep.
Noiz: （――――Revenge, of course.）
When Hisoka woke up, he spoke happily to her.Some part of his heart had broken.
If you saw that sea of death and came out of it alive, yours would break too, unless something was very wrong with you.
He told her that it wasn't terrorism.He also told her about their avatar, which he'd named Nomad.
He wanted revenge for the deception.He wanted a meaning for what happened that day.
If there was a meaning, then everyone who forgot the truth would be subject to blame.
Hisoka was different.She didn't want revenge. She didn't want anything at all.
She lost all of her past, so she wasn't even living anymore.
The sleeping beauty woke up not to a prince's kiss, but to a man wishing for revenge.
She followed that man because he was the only one who shared that memory with her.
They were the only ones to see what happened that day.The past connects people.After losing her past, Hisoka wasn't a person anymore.
That shared memory gave Hisoka human form.That's why she went with him.
That man organized the gigs to exact his revenge on the city.
Nomad leveled up every time it killed someone. Trying to control such an avatar with only two connectors was insane, and ultimately his undoing.
The man didn't fear death. Hisoka didn't either.The man wanted revenge. Hisoka wanted death.
She should never have survived that day. She needed to go back and do it over, without making the same mistake again.
Hisoka continued living, while waiting for death.Even the rehabilitation after her long coma didn't seem painful to her at all.
She dreams of the day when that pure blade will come back and correct its mistake, like an angel of judgment from the farthest heavens.
====================T0260：虎よ、虎よ③カタストロフ.json====================
Haru parks her car alongside the fence that surrounds these ruins.
Izawa, Benio and Mayuki get out of it after her.
Akihito: "You picked them all up?"
Haru: "I figured it'd be faster that way."
Kagome: "Clever maid."
The maid spins around, her skirt twirling.Even now she's still wearing her proper apron dress.
Akihito: "Why wear that for this......?"
Haru: "At times like this, it's best to stay normal."
I guess she means we shouldn't get too tense. I try breathing deeply.
Haru: "Feeling calmer, master?"
Akihito: "I did need that."
From Hisoka's room, we look out the window at the rubble.
Izawa: "This is her hideout? Some dump she picked. The station's a complete mess, by the way."
Benio: "Will Nomad come back here?"
Akihito: "She will. Then we'll stop her."
Touri: "You should learn when to give up. This is my specialty, not yours."
The rectangle of light entering the room changes from day to night when her silhouette enters it.
Haru: "......who is she?"
The bold maid asks me.
Izawa: "A death goddess――"
Izawa's hair stands on end. His instincts understand. This woman is an enemy, one he must not fight. Humans cannot fight her, the same way they cannot fight death.
Touri: "I like men who can lose themselves in a woman, but if she's already dead, there's nothing to be gained from it."
Touri: "So I'll finish her. As a death goddess, it's my role to take the dead away."
Akihito: "――――You said there's no way to save her."
Touri: "Humans cannot reverse death, just as their hands cannot touch a rainbow."
A reality that cannot be overturned.There's no way to recover from a stampede. 
Akihito: "......Hasekura Touri, I still haven't asked......who is behind all this? You seem to know."
Akihito: "Who wrote the script for all these disasters? Who sought out a girl still living despite being dead, and gave her the final push――?"
Akihito: "Last time you just said it was a "System.""
The death goddess steps into the room, her slight smile now vanished.Her long shadow erodes the white room.
Touri: "What would you do if I told you, boy?"
Akihito: "Repay the favor."
Avenge the people that Soejima―――No, I shouldn't use other people as an excuse.
Akihito: "I want to give them a piece of my mind."
I glare at her head on, as if she's my archenemy.
Touri: "You want to know what's going on behind the scenes, boy?"
Touri: "This may be an old cliche, but there are things in the world you're better off not knowing."
Touri: "People grow fearful when they learn there's no hope. They break. When you cross a line you know you mustn't cross, that's not courage, but recklessness."
Akihito: "Tell me."
I don't move in the slightest. In response, the death goddess......
Touri: "――Once Nomad's been dealt with, I'll show you."
A thin smile, like a knife blade.She leaves behind a meager promise as she walks away.
Benio: "Akihito, what do we do――?"
Mayuki: "I'm here to defeat Nomad."
Haru: "Mayu-Mayu, you're eager this time."
Mayuki: "I can't forgive what she did. I'm not an ally of justice or anything, but I can't let her get away with this."
Benio: "I'll fight too. We need to defeat Nomad."
Izawa: "Hahaha, not bad, you two. You actually look decent for once."
Haru: "Then I guess I have to join you."
Everyone's quieter than usual. Even Haru sounds a little darker.
Nomad.She's even more of a "monster" than Jack the Ripper was.
Not just because of her actions.There's a scar lingering in everyone's heart except mine.
The scar from five years ago. Nomad is a dreg from back then, and is now reenacting that tragedy. Whether they're conscious of it or not, that shared past is directing their anger.
It never really ended. The killing may have stopped five years ago, but the scars and the pain continue to this very day.
The present and the past are linked.Every single person is connected to their past.They can't ever change that.
Kagome: "Akihito."
The witch has her back to me.She says my name as if pronouncing judgment.
Akihito: "――――I'll defeat Nomad."
So I harden my resolve.
Our plan is simple.It's not even complicated enough to call a plan.We'll wait for Soejima to unsummon Nomad, then attack.
――Because the connector is the weakest part.
That's why we're waiting up on the hill.Sooner or later, after Nomad runs out of MP, Soejima should return――
We all sit quietly in that ruined building and wait.Then someone's phone rings.
The others leap up like schoolchildren hearing a fire alarm.I forgot to set my phone to vibrate.The display shows the king's number.
Akihito: "......something happen?"
Gasai: "We found Nomad."
Akihito: "......already? There's no way she can get back here from the station that―――"
Gasai: "She's using her avatar."
Akihito: "Seriously?"
She just rode through the city on her avatar in broad daylight?This really is a monster movie now.
Gasai: "Yoruko saw her. There's no mistake."
Akihito: "......I thought it would run out of MP and go away by now."
Gasai: "Maybe its leveled up more than we thought. We may have to wait a while."
That is possible.
Gasai: "We have two choices, Clown."
We can run away and wait for Nomad to run out of MP, or take the risk of fighting as soon as she gets back. No matter how out of control that avatar is, it should run out of MP eventually.
Akihito: "......no, if it'll take that long for it to run out, more people will die while we wait. Besides, there's no guarantee we can run away from it."
Gasai: "Very well. We'll fight it here."
Our conversation ends, signaling the beginning of the fight.
The rest of Gasai's coμ has already arrived and taken up positions.
I haven't heard back from Rondo.Unfortunately, I don't think she'll make it in time.
Babylon, El-ahrairah, and the death goddess.Together those three will take down Nomad.
We take up arms.
――I remember the red color.
That color keeps coming back to me, over and over again, to stain the ground once more.
The hill.
The abandoned apartment buildings are silent, like a wasteland.Nomad's bluish-black body walks between them.
The barbarian ran right through the city from Takakura Station without any scruples.
The city is probably in total panic by now.
Soejima Hisoka looks up at the sky from the giant's right hand.She reminds me of a plaster sculpture.
Hisoka: "――――"
Her hollow eyes wander across the sky, as if dreaming of a paradise at the edge of the world, and she sings softly to herself.
It's the theme song to an old movie.
I can't remember the title any more, but I remember that melody.
The song is about a happy kingdom on the other side of the rainbow, where any dream can come true.
High above Nomad's head, the ruined buildings stand tall like tombstones. On one of the roofs......
The woman walks like a shadow along the edge, which isn't even fenced.
The death goddess, Hasekura Touri.
A magician exterminating the world's enemies with foreign laws and methods.
All who twist the boundaries of the world are Touri's enemies.That is why Touri kills them.
Without any hesitation, regardless of age, sex, or morality.
The woman's arms and legs are no different from steel.Infallible mechanisms designed for slaughter.
Touri: "Vengeful spirit from five years ago. You have no place in the land of the living. Return to the abyss where you belong."
Touri leans forward without warning, into empty air fifteen floors off the ground.
The woman falls toward the ground dozens of meters below.The barbarian strolls through the ruined complex as if he owns it.She falls toward its head like a tornado.
That act is utterly reckless.
Any human body would die instantly after that fall.
Even if she somehow survived, the blue barbarian's lance would seek her out at the speed of sound.
To Nomad, someone falling at the speed of a strong wind might as well be standing still.
Touri: "――――"
The shadow falls. The barbarian doesn't notice it.
Touri slips right through the vast majority of Nomad's detection abilities.
Like a shadow, you can see it, but it has no substance.No avatar's powers match up to the death goddess.
As the air compresses under her fall, her lips form a dreadful smile.She glares at Soejima Hisoka with steel eyes.
Her arm is targeting that very girl, who may as well be a vengeful spirit incarnate. She's not the barbarian's vessel, but its heart.
Even after stampeding, avatars and connectors still need each other to form a complete whole.
Thus, Hasekura Touri's first attack is meant to destroy that weak human component in one fell swoop.
Without mercy or hesitation. The death goddess slaughters all who oppose her, be they human or avatar.
Touri: "――――!?"
The bluish-black snake suddenly groans.A ray of blue light brushes the reaper away.
She has no means of evading it in midair, so her body flies into the nearest building like a bullet.
The enormous whip from Nomad's left hand is a blade of death capable of cutting even avatars in half.
Originally it was a lance intended for jousting, but the drug transformed it into a steel whip dozens of meters long.
A lance of fluidic metal capable of expanding and contracting at will.A mere brush of it would annihilate Touri's body.
There was nothing wrong in Touri's attempt to strike before being detected. Nomad had allowed her to get close.
If Nomad had counter attacked half a moment later, the death goddess would've pierced its "heart."
And Nomad hadn't detected the magician at all.It was Hisoka who saw her falling.
The death goddess can't trick human eyes, so Hisoka saw her falling, and then Nomad attacked.
No skill or technique was involved. Nomad was saved by a pure coincidence.
Touri should have been pulverized after crashing into the building, but the barbarian immediately follows up with another attack.
It releases its blue lance.The tip changes into a whip, turning and revolving as it pleases.Human eyes can't hope to follow its movements.
Hisoka: "――――――"
A ceaseless rain of steel.The lance dances without pause.It's already struck more than thirty times.
The blue lance speeds up with each strike.Each attack could easily pierce a tank, not to mention a human.After this many, even an avatar would be reduced to dust.
Even a steel assassin moving under the rules of another world cannot remain intact. The cloud of dust blocks everyone's vision.
And yet―――The giant doesn't end its dance of death.
Its answer is a sharp clang of steel.
The sound of something deflecting each and every blow from that whip.
Wind clears the dust away.
The death goddess walks across the mountain of rubble, smiling exactly as she had been a few moments ago.
No―――
The barbarian's whip was faster than sound, but the reaper's right arm deflected it every time. It no longer has a human form.A fantastic arm, burning black with sharp claws.
Touri: "That was ferocious. No wonder the System is so worried."
Touri: "I didn't think I'd have to pull this out so quickly. Blue barbarian, I commend your strength."
An arm of shadow, burning black――This is the magic that Hasekura Touri uses to destroy her enemies.
Touri is a hunter.
She uses her magic not for its own sake, or to polish her skills, but to kill all who wield exceptional power.
To Touri, connectors are a surprising phenomenon, but avatars are just more prey.
She hunts them down and judges them without even a fight.That death goddess sees the giant before her as an "enemy."
Touri: "But you have already broken. You died five years ago, along with these buildings, yet you linger on."
Touri: "Thus, you must die. Despair and be destroyed, with this hill as your tombstone."
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The barbarian's cry of rage shakes the ruined buildings.
Out of every fight and massacre it's experienced, no enemy has ever withstood this many swings of its lance.
It pulls back its lance, enraged that it couldn't even scratch this foe.
After a moment of silence falls on the city of the dead, the steel snake comes out for another attack.
This time the lance flies straight as an arrow toward the reaper.
It reaches her in a flash.Godlike speed beyond any of the previous fifty strikes.Is this the attack that made the barbarian famous at the gigs?
The strongest attack Nomad has. It's trying to end this right away.No matter how immortal the goddess may be, she won't escape this attack unscathed.
Touri: "――――――It's over, spirit."
And that's precisely what Touri has been waiting for.
The barbarian's lance rushes toward her along the shortest possible trajectory, allowing Touri to evade it by a hair's breadth.
She didn't deflect it. She evaded it.She held her ground before in order to prepare for this moment.
She wanted it to think she couldn't evade its attacks, so that it would use the strongest one it could muster.
The lance loses its target and flies far behind her. It stands dozens of meters away from Touri, but she closes that gap in an instant, looking like a bird in flight.
Her arm of shadow wavers as it burns.An iron stake capable of ending even an avatar.
Nomad tries to defend Hisoka in its right hand.Like a knife defending a maiden.The death goddess' hammer blasts through its giant body without mercy.
The woman's slender arm crushes the bluish-black giant with a single blow.
Nomad falls to its knees as its armor is torn off, as if it took a blow from a god twice its size.
But the wound is shallow.
The lance changes direction, turning into a whip and rampaging back toward Touri, destroying roads and walls along the way.
Touri stumbles as the ground crumbles underneath her.That gives the barbarian a chance to leap back in retreat.
Nomad leaps faster than even a Gevaudan in flight.
The giant clears a hundred meters in an instant.Strong legs aren't enough to explain that speed.
Touri: "You keep running, even after death?――――There is no escape for you now."
As Nomad flies through the sky, an arrow of light shoots out from one of the apartments.
A silver form floats atop the roof of that building.Caesar's avatar, El-ahrairah.
That searing flash partially melts Nomad's left leg.
Yoruko: "――――It dodged that!?"
The arrow was released with perfect timing, but it failed to cause lethal damage.
Nomad's lance starts rotating at high speed.It produces a sudden gust of wind like a cyclone.
The barbarian's special ability lets it control wind, allowing it to jump at unbelievable speeds, and even slow itself down in midair.
Gasai: "Don't let up."
Yoruko: "Yes―――El-ahrairah!!"
They didn't get a direct hit, but Nomad was knocked off balance.They immediately shoot another three arrows.
Nomad waves through the beams of light as it falls, but it can't dodge them completely. Between its random movements and its barrier of wind, it manages to avoid any fatal blows.
On top of that, Nomad releases its lance of death during those maneuvers.
The barbarian's lance moves on its own like a living creature, slipping between the arrows of light and aiming for El-ahrairah's head.
Yoruko: "――――Fiver!!"
The champion's knight calls.
The bluish-black lance crosses a hundred meters in an instant. It not only evaded El-ahrairah's arrows, but counter-attacked at the same time. Neither Gasai nor Yoruko had been careless. The enemy was more powerful than they expected.
―――Come, quickly!!
The bluish-black snake bears down on them.
Just before that lance of death pierces the silver armor, an invisible wall blocks it.
Sparks fly between the lance and the shield.
That unseen barrier is Fiver's "shield."It can effortlessly deflect any normal Pantagruel's attack.
The war god's nine blades are both its swords and its shields.Yoruko refers to them collectively as "9R."
Even in El-ahrairah's coμ, Shinomiya Yoruko is the only one who can control these abilities.
Yoruko: "No......it can't......!"
Fiver's shield grates. Nomad's lance eats through the invisible shield.
Gasai: "So this is Nomad."
Yoruko: "Charge, 9R!!"
El-ahrairah's "swords" come out. The four defensive blades all deploy their shields, and the five offensive blades shoot toward Nomad's body.
Each of the nine blades functions as a small avatar.Those five shoot arrows of light without pause.
The blades split up and surround their enemy.
Before the champion's trap captures it, Nomad uses a violent wind to propel itself away.
Nomad accelerates rapidly, slamming into the wall of another apartment building.
A cloud of dust rises up. After colliding with a building at such high speeds, the human riding in its hand must be dead.
Gasai: "――――Yoruko!!"
Yoruko: "......eh?"
Yoruko must have let herself relax a little. The barbarian's lance shoots out of the dust cloud, and her reaction was a moment late.
But Fiver's shield still protects El-ahrairah from that lance.
Everything was the same as before, except that the lance had been fired with twice the speed this time.
Yoruko: "――!!"
If Fiver's shield held it for just a moment, the other shields could have moved into position. Even the lance of death can't break all of them.
But it had already been weakened by the first attack, so this stronger one blasts right through it.
She realized her mistake too late.The lance of death pierces Fiver's shield――
Then melts away like cotton candy. Yoruko gazes up at it in amazement.
After stretching across such a long distance, that bluish-black whip had been cut down the middle.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The black dragon roars.Ten pitch-black points cut through the world.Fourteen eyes burn bright red.
Yoruko: "Mizuwa――――"
Babylon. The dragon had leaped off of another building and torn through the fluidic steel lance with its fangs.
Nomad starts moving again, charging straight through the side of a building in its path.
9R's arrows of light rain down mercilessly through the other wall.
They chase Nomad to the far side of the building, where it breaks out and then leaps away toward another section of the apartment complex.
The death goddess is on the ground. El-ahrairah's arrows control the sky.It can't risk going too high in the air. It leaps like a monkey from building to building.
The giant enters an area with rougher terrain, hoping to shake off the blades pursuing it. Then the black dragon comes down, having made a leap on par with Nomad's.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!　　　　　
Between buildings in the city of the dead, two avatars acrobatically evade each other's attacks.
Babylon crushes a veranda, lands on the opposite wall, then leaps onto a different building.
One rules wind, the other gravity. They both use their powers to move with speed and agility unthinkable even for an avatar. The blue and black beasts clash multiple times in the air.
Kagome: "It's smarter than we thought."
Akihito: "――Izawa, we have to make sure it can't run away again......"
Izawa: "I know that, god dammit!"
A room in one of the abandoned buildings.We picked one of the highest floors to ensure we'd have good vision.
Akihito: "If they get out of visual range――"
It we can't see Babylon, we can't control it as well.Against Nomad, that's sure to get us killed.
Benio: "Crap!!"
Mayuki: "He's about to......!"
Haru: "Here goes, Izawacchi."
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!　　　　　
The gliding barbarian bares its fangs and roars.
In response to that threat......
Babylon leaps up high, turns a hundred and eighty degrees in midair, then falls like lightning onto the barbarian. 
A movement only possible through gravity control.To anyone else, it would look like magic.
The pitch black dragon used a sort of gravity catapult to shoot itself down faster than terminal velocity. That four meter long bullet flies toward the barbarian.
The bluish-black barbarian has wounds all over its body from El-ahrairah's arrows of light and lost half of its lance a moment ago, but it's still willing to fight.
Nomad's lance is fluidic metal. It may have lost some of its mass, but it can still take the same shapes as before. The lance of death is reforged on Nomad's left arm in midair.
The blue lance points straight up at Babylon's falling throat.
Because of the mass it lost, it doesn't have the same range as before.Only ten or twenty meters now. But that's enough to shoot back at Babylon before it hits.
Without mercy or delay, that thrust of death tears through the atmosphere.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
It could easily be mistaken for light.Babylon blocks it by putting all its energy into the black shield.
Ten points cut through the world.Darkness spreads, tearing through the atmosphere, leaving a comet-like trail behind it.
Black. Black. Black. Black.The gravity field produces darkness so dense it can bend light.
But that lance pierced even the champion's shield. It tears through the black shield as well, and continues toward the dragon's throat.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
Mayuki: "Uuu...I...did it――――!!!"
She burns half of our remaining MP, boosting the shield immensely.The lance of certain death is finally blunted.
The barbarian's lance fails to cut off Babylon's head.It merely grazes the side of its neck and takes a chunk of steel with it.
Benio: "Yes, you did it, Mayu-Mayu!!"
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
Babylon begins its counterattack. This vengeful spirit spreads death wherever it goes, so this time we'll put it to rest for good.
Haru: "Now, this should――"
Izawa: "Tear it to pieces!!"
Black fangs roar in the giant's face.Babylon finishes falling before Nomad can unleash a second attack.It's holding up its right arm, which glints black in the afternoon sun.
Akihito: "――――――Oh."
Soejima Hisoka looks up at the sky, from the cradle in Nomad's right hand.
Blue.
I saw that once before.
The black dragon comes down from above, blocking out the sun.It flies straight toward her, just like the angel of judgment did that day.
They bring the same death.She knows that, but her heart doesn't move.Her heart died a long time ago.
She vaguely recalls meeting a death goddess earlier, and being told something.
But Hisoka can't even understand that anymore.
The pain filling her heart. It all comes from the past.
She died here five years ago.
Just like these apartment buildings.She's dead, but she made a mistake, and now she's still walking around on the surface. She's just a ghost that should be long gone by now.
This black dragon will correct her mistake.
Thus, this is the right conclusion. Just like the end of a fairy tale.
And they'll live happily ever after.
―――And yet......
A small heat. Something aches deep in her withered heart, like the pain of cutting your fingertip.
Even though she has no idea what that means.
Why? Why did she remember that?
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The dragon's roar.
The low rumble of steel breaking apart.A black arm penetrates deep into the armor on Nomad's chest.
The barbarian bends back without any pain.Nomad and Babylon fall together, landing between two buildings.
Before I realize it, I'm running toward her.
I started with a jog, but my legs moved faster with each step.After only five steps I broke into a sprint.
Kagome: "Akihito――!"
Kagome's shout doesn't reach my ears. I run to Nomad.
Nomad and Babylon lie on top of each other, half-buried in the rubble.
Akihito: "Soejima――"
Soejima was thrown aside when the two avatars crashed into the ground.I run over to her.
Hisoka: "............Mi......
zu............"
I gasp. I pick her up, and she moves.
Normally falling from that height would kill you instantly.Nomad's wind must have absorbed part of the shock.Soeima doesn't have any obvious injuries.
Akihito: "Soejima, it's me......do you remember me? ......we've spoken a few times――――"
Touri: "That's probably a waste of time."
I feel like someone threw cold water on me from behind.The death goddess looks down on me.
Akihito: "......Soejima's still alive, isn't she?"
Soejima's chest moves up and down with shallow breath.I can feel heat flowing through her arms.
Touri: "Exactly. Nomad is still alive."
Touri: "I let you have the glory of finishing off the barbarian, and then you go easy on her. You are so weak to women."
Touri: "But that means nothing. What you're holding is no woman. It's just a circuit the monster needs to function."
Touri: "It may have human form, but it's just a pile of organs pumping air in and out. A doll with no will of its own."
The death goddess gives the same judgment as before.She says there's no way to save her.
Akihito: "......she called my name."
Mizuwa. She said it the same way on that rainy night.
And when we met later in the city, Soejima tried to save me.
And yet......
Touri: "Should I explain it away as a reflex caused by lingering memories? Or would you be more satisfied if I told you her soul still remained?"
Touri: "Miracles are for the living. It's also another name for dreams people have of unreachable worlds."
Touri: "The dead are neither."
The death goddess ridicules me.She has the same merciless steel face as the rest of the world.
And she's right. I have no objections to that.As long as Soejima exists, Nomad will too.And as long as Nomad exists, Soejima can't be allowed to live.
―――The red color.
This red that keeps coming back over and over.More and more people whose pasts and presents get taken away.
Akihito: "......she's lost enough already."
She lost her parents, her brother, everything she had in that terrorist attack. Then she spent five years in a coma.
Soejima Hisoka. The transparent girl. In a classroom full of people, she was the only one who couldn't blend in with the others.
I regret it now.
On that roof. In that classroom. I should've talked to her more. Not that it would've changed anything.
Akihito: "She's lost far too much already. Her family, her friends, her time, her peace――She slept for five straight years, and this is what she woke up to."
Akihito: "I don't know her that well, but it's not like she did anything wrong."
Akihito: "But she's lost so many things for no reason. Does anyone have the right to take more away from her?"
I grith my teeth so hard I can hear them.
In this gentle kingdom, things are taken from us time and time again.
Touri: "Taking a life has no reason or meaning."
Touri: "If I need the right to kill Nomad, what about the people she's killed? They were just as innocent."
The death goddess' blade pierces my heart. Letting Soejima live means allowing the barbarian to cause even more deaths.
Touri: "Nomad has slaughtered many, and will slaughter many more if she lives. They have the right to kill her, and I will act for them."
Touri: "That is why this woman must die."
She doesn't flinch.
She continues to make use of that cruel common sense.
Touri: "When we can only pick one or the other, we should always choose the option that saves the most lives."
The unshakable vindication of numbers.If lives have weight, two of them has more weight than one.
Touri: "So I will take it away. I'll rid that pitiful doll of her last fragment of life."
Touri: "I judge all who destroy the order of the world, regardless of their age, gender, or innocence."
Akihito: "―――Is there really no other way?"
But so what?I force myself to say that, clinging to the hope.
Touri: "Why ask a death goddess for ways to survive?"
Touri: "There may be a way somewhere in this world. Maybe someday it will appear."
For the first time, she gives me a different answer.Her face is neither happy nor sad. I feel like I've seen it before, under that blue sky.
Touri: "But there isn't one right now. Will you leave her alive until it appears?"
Touri: "......it seems I don't need to make the judgment myself."
With the death goddess still on its shoulder, Babylon flings the rubble aside and stands back up. Its eyes glow as it glares at what's left of the barbarian.
Izawa: "Out of the way, Mizuwa, or I'll crush you too."
Akihito: "Izawa――――"
Izawa. Benio. Mayuki. Haru.And Kagome――
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
Babylon raises its black claws, obeying Izawa's will.
Akihito: "......what are you doing?"
Benio: "You know that......Akihito......"
Izawa: "I told you, I'm here to wipe Nomad out. Why the hell do you think I came to this sickening place?"
Haru: "Oh my, is your bad habit kicking in again?"
For some reason the maid winks, as if toying with me.
Kagome: "......she is his classmate."
Benio: "No way......!"
Benio gasps at Kagome's statement.
Izawa: "......so what are you going to do, Mizuwa? Get in my way? Or should we vote on it, like you always want us to?"
Izawa knows everything, and he won't back down.
There's no point voting on this.
As long as Soejima's alive, the monster on the highway will seek out more sacrifices. Unless that reality changes, everyone's votes are predetermined.
Touri: "I could finish her off for you."
Izawa: "Go away, reaper. I have a score to settle with Nomad. I'm going to finish it off―――
Babylon!!"
Benio: "Wait!"
Babylon's claws stop a meter in front of us.
Izawa: "......you, Takekawa?"
Izawa's cold, but serious. If Benio hadn't blocked his control of Babylon, Soejima and I would have been flattened.
Mayuki: "That was close. Akihito-san almost became a pancake."
Izawa: "You too, Chibi?"
Mayuki: "I agree with you, but not to the point of squashing people in our own coμ."
Mayuki returns Izawa's gaze, and answers with a timid voice.
Haru: "O-Haru-san's still on the fence."
Izawa: "Takekawa, what about you? That bastard's trying to help this outsider who's connected to Nomad."
Benio: "I-it doesn't matter if she's an outsider!"
She's clearly unsure.
Izawa: "Ha! I see. So whose side are you on? Mine, or Mizuwa's......?"
The indisputable advantage of numbers. Defeating Nomad and Soejima is the correct choice, for everyone willing to abandon Soejima.
Izawa: "Hmph, if you hadn't gone easy at the last moment we wouldn't even be――"
Izawa roars at Babylon's feet.
Benio: "Iza――――!!"
Babylon's claws rise up, ready to cut something apart. Benio shouts.
The pitch-black claws don't stop. They pierce my back――
Akihito: "――!!?"
And block Nomad's lance.
Izawa: "If you'd finished that damn thing off――"
After saving me, Babylon can't respond as quickly to the next attack.
Nomad's tremendous arm suddenly reactivates, sending Babylon sliding along the road and crashing through one of the buildings.
Benio: "Akihito――!"
Haru: "Geez, is that thing immortal?"
Haru takes control of Babylon and makes it stand back up. But she's too slow.
Nomad towers over us, and reaches out its right hand toward its heart―――Soejima.
The giant's unavoidable arm comes down from above.
The barbarian ignores all humans other than Soejima.No doubt it will kill me without even realizing it.
The bluish-black giant is here to kill.It's here to bring the tragedies and curses of the past back to this city.
Babylon was just blown away, so it can't defend me again.There's nothing I can do now. I can't deflect this on my own.
A single red eye, making me conscious of unavoidable death.
Just like back then......
I pay the price for my sickening naivete. I dared to cross the border of our cold reality, and destruction is my reward.
My wish achieved nothing. No one was there to grant it.
This is a gentle kingdom. It gives and takes away with no concern for us. Over and over again.
Akihito: "――――――"
The bluish-black barbarian towers over me. A wielder of certain death brought back from the kingdom of the dead after five years.
It's a manifestation of the end.Death. Defeat. Annihilation. Resignation.
The final destination for those foolish enough not to give up even after knowing everything.
The cessation that is complete and total death. All things come to an end. Life carries death within it from the very beginning.
A conclusion that cannot be avoided.
―――But so what?
I can feel her weight in my arms.A faint warmth that could disappear at any moment.
Soejima Hisoka.
Definite proof that a living human is right here.
The world takes things away as if toying with us.It always does it without malice, animosity, or resolve.
Here, and everywhere else.Back then, now, and forever more.
Which is why I say to myself,―――But so what?
Those are the only magic words I have.
Death. Defeat. Annihilation. Resignation.
To fight back against all of those......
But so what?
I look up at the oncoming death, so that I can reject it up until the final moment.
Unwavering death closes in. Nomad. Only a few seconds of life remain.
Rather than reflecting on the life I've lived, I search for a way to save the life in my arms.
Right up until the final moment.
If I can just save Soejima――
―――Light falls from overhead.
It cuts without even a sound. Its flight can be seen, but not heard.
A steel blade reflecting the sunlight, far faster than even Nomad's godlike speed.
After the light pierces through it, wind rushes by like an angry roar.
The air undulates like a tornado.Not an explosive shockwave, but a sudden whirlwind.
It was――
So sudden.So unexpected.
So unreasonable.So meaningless.
Benio: "S――――――"
Benio: "――――Sting!?"
Benio called its name.
A blade of flawless steel, almost three meters long, without any unnecessary adornment.
―――Sting.
Our third encounter with the living legend of the Coμnet.
Sharp yet delicate. Hard yet resilient.A supreme being the mere sight of which tears one's soul apart.
The sky darkens. Nomad's right arm falls to the ground.Even that heavy sound can't shake the frozen ground.
The mad barbarian doesn't back down, even when the blade of death appears.
Nomad shoots out its lance without a moment's pause.
The lance ignores Sting, aiming for all living things in the area.
The fluidic metal whip flies faster than a bullet. It will cut me first, then turn like a snake, tearing apart Benio, Izawa and the others all within an instant.
I'm too close to Nomad. I got too attached to Soejima.This was my mistake.
I foolishly tried to fight this unfair reality, and instead of saving one girl, I've killed all six of us.
Akihito: "――――――"
This feeling burns my heart.From resignation to regret.From regret to rage.
At that moment......
The blue light of unavoidable death flashes before my eyes.
Sting.
The enormous blade called Sting acts as a shield, blocking the barbarian's lance.
Steel collides with blue.
The lance of death penetrated El-ahrairah's and Babylon's shields, but it can't even scratch that blade of steel. Instead, it scatters like a waterfall hitting a boulder.
Sting is a truly eternal blade.
Nothing can influence or overpower it.Even the barbarian's lance can't even put a dent in it.
Akihito: "――――What?"
Something other than Sting's invincibility captures my attention.
Why―――?
This legendary avatar is clearly trying to defend us. The monster that supposedly kills without reason is holding back the lance of death.
―――There's no need to ask why.
―――I already know the answer.
I knew the answer when I saw it fly that second time.I had realized it. I just refused to acknowledge it.
A perfect and flawless individual.
A power no human can hope to achieve.It's all too obvious what that means.
Kagome: "――――――Sting."
She orders it with the same arrogance as usual. The voice of a tyrant ridiculing the world from on high, never needing to turn back.
After blocking that lance without difficulty, Sting silently moves back behind its master.
The merciless blade of death floats behind the witch like a loyal servant.
Kagome: "―――Sting, Mode Nazgul."
Her black hair flutters.The side of her face paints the ruined buildings black in the midday sun.
The black witch stands tall, blocking the near-dead barbarian.Hinaori Kagome.
Sting floats behind her.
This isn't surprising. Sting is just another avatar.It's only natural for it to obey the human it's connected to.
The witch's sword.It's quite simple.
Kagome is Sting's connector.
The answer was always right next to me.Ever since Sting appeared, I could've reached out and touched it.There was nothing unfair or unreasonable about the blade's visits.
I knew this all along.I just didn't want to.I kept tricking myself into believing otherwise.
Nomad gnashes its fangs after losing both arms.The mad avatar still hasn't lost its fighting spirit.
The barbarian bends down and charges forward.A three meter bombshell shaking the air as it runs.No human can stop it.
But......
That logical conclusion is irrelevant.In its way stand a witch and a sublime blade.Fairy tales made by humans are worthless before Sting.
Nomad was heavily wounded after the fight with Babylon and El-ahrairah, and now it's lost both arms. It doesn't have a chance in hell of winning.An absolute gap that no amount of luck or willpower can fill.
This isn't even a fight anymore.All Kagome has to do is give a merciful end to a creature that died long ago.
Akihito: "――――No."
Akihito: "Stop, Kagome!!"
As I scream......
―――The blade flies.
That sublime blade, that light captures the gaze of all who see it.
There isn't even a flash along the path it takes.It flies at the speed of a true god, far beyond any other avatar in existence.
No mercy. No hesitation.The blade of death pierces boulders, steel and lives.
Akihito: "――――"
Without even a sound, Sting flies through the giant's torso.
The giant falls to its knees, then collapses face-first onto the ground.The core of its body has been torn out.
A single blade――
That bluish-black giant survived the combined assault of Babylon, El-ahrairah and the death goddess, but now it stops moving completely.
Nomad breathes its last, bringing about one final death.
Hisoka: "――――"
An avatar's death causes its coμ to die as well.No differences. No distinctions. No exceptions.
Soejima's body lurches in my arms.Her eyes open wide, and her lips move slightly.
Hisoka: "Mizuwa...ku......"
Without a doubt, that's the same Soejima I met that night.
Akihito: "Ah――――"
Suddenly, Soejima feels lighter.Her heartbeat and breathing have stopped. A quick death.
At least she wasn't conscious enough to spend her final moments writhing in agony――
Akihito: "So――............"
I know better than anyone that calling her name is futile.The dead don't answer. They leave nothing behind.
But so what――?
Akihito: "Soejima......?"
I have to ask, even if she won't answer.The lingering heat fades from her body with each passing second.
Benio: "Hina......ori...san............"
Izawa: "What did you――――"
I come back to my senses and look up.
The sublime blade serving the black witch.This is the truth. Not a dream or an illusion.
Akihito: "Kagome......Sting was your―――"
Kagome: "............"
No answer.No scornful gaze. None of her usual selfish arrogance.She just looks upon us with cold eyes.
Touri: "That's right, boy."
The heavy silence is torn apart by the death goddess standing atop the rubble.
Touri: "Nomad has been destroyed. As I promised, I'll show you what's going on behind the scenes."
Touri: "You'll get to see what lies beyond the edge of the world."
Touri: "Starting with Hinaori Kagome. She is Sting―――The so-called "Omnipotent" connector."
====================T0270：舞台の裏側①システム.json====================
No one says a word.They stay quiet, as if anything they did say would become a curse.
A mix of animosity, bewilderment, doubt, and denial.Kagome and Touri are at the center of it.
Akihito: "――――Kagome."
It takes all the strength in my body just to say that.The witch has her back turned to me. She doesn't answer.
Her rejection puts me at a loss for words again.
Hinaori Kagome―――The Omnipotent.That's the terrible name the death goddess used.
I'm still holding Soejima's cold body in my arms.Kagome just killed her a moment ago.
If she hadn't, I'd be dead, along with Benio, Izawa, and everyone else.
A complex emotion rages inside me, not simply anger or sorrow.
A phone vibrates. That mechanical noise disturbs the gravity of the situation. Touri answers it.
Touri: "―――It's me."
Touri: "Yes, it's been dealt with. Come quickly."
Touri: "Now, let's draw the curtain. Would you mind waiting five more minutes?"
The death goddess hangs up and smiles.
A black limousine enters the dead space between the ruined apartment buildings.
It's designed to be practical, rather than inconspicuous.The tinted glass prevents us from seeing the inside.
The car stops quietly, without any squeaking from the brakes.A man steps out, so carefree he's almost careless.
Kajou: "Oooh, this is a strange place to see you. You......yes, Mizuwa-kun. You are in luck. This is truly wonderful. First, rejoice that you have met my genius again."
Akihito: "Kajou――――"
The shock almost makes me dizzy.
Kajou Uehito.Ayaya's uncle, and a self-proclaimed genius.His narcissism hasn't changed much since I last saw him.
Man: "What is the meaning of this, Professor Kajou?"
The voice inside the car is cautious but emotionless, like the grinding of gears. I'm slightly annoyed that he isn't showing himself.
Kajou: "Unfortunately, I cannot tell you the answer. However, geniuses are made to reason! I shall think......hmm, perhaps this is Hasekura-kun's doing."
Man: "I hope not. We aren't supposed to let the audience see what goes on backstage. You should control your subordinates better."
Kajou: "I don't mind your stupidity, but your memory must be better than that, "Major." Hasekura-kun is helping with our plan, but she is no subordinate."
Izawa: "This day never stops pissing me off. Who the fuck are you? What is this farce? Are you the bastards behind all this chaos?"
He sets his Tokarev's sights firmly on Kajou's torso.
The mad dog's patience was exhausted long ago, but the rest of us are getting fed up too.
He only needs to move his finger one millimeter.I'm not sure if any of us would go out of our way to stop him.
Kajou: "No good, no good at all. This is the problem with commoners. Your commonness is far too high. These people are connectors. If you start a fight, neither of us will leave here alive."
Kajou talks to the man in the car, not to Izawa.
Kajou: "And my death would be a tremendous loss for humanity. Huu......it's so sad, not being able to understand this."
The shadow behind the tinted glass shrugs his shoulders. He puts a phone to his ear and talks to some faceless person elsewhere.
Kajou: "Now then, I'm glad to see you're doing well, Miss Omnipotent. Let's celebrate our reunion."
Kagome: "......"
Kajou: "Oh my, you're ruining your beauty with that attitude. You need to be more amicable. After all, commoners cannot understand geniuses like us!"
Sting continues floating behind Kagome, and points its tip at the man inside the limousine.
A shot hits near Kajou's feet.
Izawa: "Don't you dare ignore me. I asked you a question."
Izawa's anger is bordering on bloodlust.
Izawa: "......is this screwball another one of your friends, Mizuwa?"
Akihito: "Not a friend, just my kouhai's uncle......or so I thought."
Akihito: "Kajou-san, are you――"
I can't finish the sentence. What do I ask him?
Kajou: "We're here to confirm Nomad's demise. For an astronomical genius like me, this is an inefficient use of time, but it's inevitable. Politics will always be like this."
I didn't even have to ask. Kajou keeps talking all by himself.
Izawa: "............the hell are you talking about? Start making sense, dammit."
Kajou: "But of course! I speak of the backstage. Normally the audience can't see it, but today is special."
I imagine a monster so huge I can't see it all at once.
A complex, multi-layered, labyrinthine construct we can all glimpse through that window.
Akihito: "―――Are you the ones who made Nomad?"
I lay Soejima's body down at my feet.A dark emotion inside my chest claws for a way out.
These people――They killed Soejima, and countless others.
Touri: "That was the traitor's doing. As I told you before, connector, that story is long over."
Touri: "Kajou is merely the man he betrayed."
Kajou claps his hands once, as if to restart the conversation. That pleasing sound echoes through the ruined buildings, making it feel even gloomier.
Kajou: "Very good, very good! Now, let's begin the lecture."
Kagome. Touri. Me. Izawa. Benio. Mayuki. Haru.
Kajou addresses to the seven of us, with the face of a teacher, and the black limousine behind him.
Kajou: "Now, first of all, Takakura City was chosen an experimental city for the Illusion Plan."
Benio: "Experimental......city......?"
She blinks a few times, unsure what he means.
Haru: "That was an interesting opening."
Mayuki: "............in this situation, that's definitely not the good kind of "experimental.""
Haru's almost indifferent to this, but Mayuki is clearly worried. She moves up next to Haru.
Kajou: "However, once three people gather, they split into factions. The sadness of commoners. Contrarians and cockroaches show up wherever they get the chance."
I don't understand. But I have an impression of what he might mean.The scientist studying the caged lab rat.I feel like Gulliver, lost in the country of giants.
Kajou: "Not long ago, there was a skirmish here between us and the resistors."
Kajou: "They stole a significant portion of our equipment and resources. You wouldn't believe the amount of needless trouble commoners can cause."
Touri: "That's how Nomad's story began, boy."
The death goddess interjects.
Kajou: "As we pursued and exterminated the resistors, they tried to help themselves escape by giving a certain drug to someone well-suited to Jaunte."
Kajou: "They were hoping to cause a great uproar and run away while we were busy cleaning it up."
Someone well-suited to "Jaunte"―――Is that Soejima?
And that drug is probably designed to bring an avatar to the brink of stampeding, in exchange for tremendous power.
The people who did this are long dead.They were killed during the gig by Soejima.
Rage seethes within me, but it has no outlet. I want someone to swing my fists into, and right now I don't care who it is.
Many things were cruelly taken away from Soejima, but she did the same to countless others. That's a good enough reason to kill her.
I wanted to save her, but that logic won.
But in that case――
If Soejima paid the price of death, then I won't be satisfied until the people that drugged her pay the same price.
They took her life, so I'll take theirs, even if that's just meaningless violence.
Touri: "Like I said, this was just tying up loose ends."
Benio: "S-......so many people died! Don't call that a loose end!"
Benio expresses her anger, but it's nothing before the death goddess.
Akihito: "Kajou......do you have any evidence that what you're saying is true?"
Kajou: "Let me ask you. What would a genius like me gain from deceiving you?"
Haru: "I see, that's not enough to bother you......"
An enormous plan. Enormous authority. An enormous organization.It's all so huge nothing this small would shake it.
There's no point resisting.It'd be like an ant trying to charge through a dam.
Kajou: "A common yet understanding maid. You deserve a better career. Devote yourself to academia! Studies are more about talent than effort. Inspiration!"
Akihito: "......so you've been studying avatars?"
Kajou: "Close! But not quite."
He snaps his fingers. His bubbly, energetic attitude is a lot like Ayaya.
Kajou: "The goal of the Illusion Plan is to research the connection phenomenon. What enables people to connect, what that connection is, what the avatars are, why such things occur, where they come from, and where they end up."
Kajou: "The pursuit of knowledge――An indomitable spirit supporting humanity and never tiring of the unknown. That is my core. My love. My everything!"
Kajou raises his arms into the sky like a grand conductor.
Kajou: "We prepared many things to gain that knowledge. Stability. Secrecy.A source. An environment――This city."
Kajou called this place an experimental city.
He's saying everything that happened here was part of a controlled experiment.
Kajou: "Five years ago, the first connector was born in this city."
Five years. Benio's shoulders shake from the dreadful memory.
Kajou: "The System didn't fully realize what had happened until after those attacks."
Kajou: "Of course, they weren't terrorist attacks."
Everyone gasps, except Kagome and Touri.
Akihito: "Then what were they――?"
We wait for more of his words.
Kajou: "That was a war. Between connectors. Everyone was fighting. Everyone was killing. All we did was clean up the mess and put a cover story on top."
He spreads out his arms again, as if this is amusing.
Kajou: "It was a huge incident. We needed a big story to satisfy people, so, well, we ended up blaming some religious cult for the whole thing."
Kajou: "That war was when we learned about connectors and avatars. We had known about "illusions" before, but we hadn't worked out what they would create."
Kajou: "But once we know they exist, we must dissect them."
Kajou's face gleams with ecstasy.
Kajou: "Science. Knowledge. Curiosity. Unraveling――The wondrous wisdom that powers humanity!! Do you understand? Do you? Of course you do."
To some extent, I had expected this, but......
Akihito: "――――――"
As far as we're concerned, they're enemies.Learning this is only reinforcing that.
Even Izawa is no exception.Anger. Terror. Frustration. Sorrow. Despair.A maddening mix of emotions is infecting everyone here.
Five years ago, a terrible event happened in this city.
Seven nightmarish days that changed the city and dominated the news.A horrific spectacle that conquered Takakura City.
Everything began back then, even this place where we're standing.Even Soejima.
To everyone living in this city, that's a memory that nothing can erase.
I'm the only one who doesn't share that memory. My hometown's tragedy felt no more personal than the events of a TV drama.
Kajou: "And that is why we prepared a new experiment. The Illusion Plan!"
Kajou's loud, clear voice echoes around us.
Kajou: "Which is why Miss Omnipotent is here."
Kagome maintains her frozen countenance.
Akihito: "......Kagome, is this true?"
Akihito: "Hey, say something. Please, anything......"
Izawa: "............answer him. Are you just doing their dirty work, snake?"
Kagome: "............"
A silence with no answer.
Akihito: "......why?"
Kajou: "Oooooh, that's simple. To make more connectors!"
Kajou's answer is far too simple.
Kajou: "To turn ordinary humans into connectors, you need an existing connector."
Kajou: "Connectors spawn more connectors. It's like dropping ink into water. Just one drop and before you know it, they're everywhere. In fact, that's why we call them "carriers.""
Kajou: "To start our plan, we needed to bring the number of connectors up to a certain level."
Kajou: "And the more action points the connector has, the more contagious they are."
Akihito: "Action points......?"
Kajou: "I believe you call it "magic." An avatar's ability to exist. We refer to that as action points."
Kajou: "Normal avatars have a few hundred, or at most a thousand."
Kajou: "But Hinaori-kun is special. She's the sole survivor of the "war" five years ago, and she has 426,700 action points. An unprecedented and peerless connector."
Kajou: "This is why we call her the Omnipotent."
Izawa: "So you were just their lapdog this whole time?"
Izawa slowly turns back toward Kagome, like a ghost.Anger fills his body, on the verge of bursting.
Kagome: "Riffraff have no right to whine about what I do. Idiots like you should just cry and shiver in a corner somewhere."
The witch pushes us away from her.
Izawa: "――――Is that so?I see, you think you're smarter than everyone else."
His concentrated rage is answered with ridicule.That's more than enough to light Izawa's final flame.
I block the barrel of his gun just before he pulls the trigger.
Izawa: "You always get in my fucking way......"
Akihito: "......you were really going to shoot her, weren't you?"
Izawa: "What about you? Have you been listening to any of this? Wake the hell up already."
We both force ourselves not to shout.Our emotions are on the verge of exploding.We glare at each other, so close our noses almost touch.
Akihito: "Don't waste your anger on me. They're the ones we have to crush. Those people hiding in the shadows, doing whatever they want for the sake of their experiment."
Izawa: "I will kill them. No matter what it takes, they will die. But that snake is one of them. She's been on their side from the beginning."
Kagome: "Move, Akihito."
The witch coldly steps forward.
No mercy. No compassion. No morals. No love.She looks down at Izawa like a pebble on the side of the road.
Kagome: "I need to dispose of him. He pointed a gun at me, so there's no reason to let him live anymore."
Akihito: "......you're just as crazy as he is. Come to your damn senses already!"
I step toward Kagome as I shout, but mere anger won't disturb the witch.
Everything about this frustrates me.
If I could tear everything apart right here and now, I'd do just that.
Kagome: "I am perfectly sane. Not once, even for a moment, have I fallen for any foolish illusions."
Kagome: "So what will it be, trash? Come at me with avatars, guns, or your bare hands. Whatever you want."
Kagome and Izawa face off, on the verge of killing each other.
Gasai: "―――I take it they're the ones behind this?"
The king finally arrives on stage, with Yoruko at his side.I wonder how long he's been listening.
Akihito: "Gasai―――"
The king ignores me, and looks hard at Kajou.
Gasai: "Finally I can see my enemy face-to-face."
Gasai calls him his enemy. He clearly indicates his intent to defeat this man.
Gasai: "At the risk of being hasty, I'd rather get rid of these scoundrels now while we have the chance."
Yoruko and her "swords" quietly ready themselves.
They can pierce avatars, so annihilating Kajou's car would be quite easy.
Their arrows of light can burn anything away――The death goddess silently stands between them and the car.
Gasai: "I see, so you're one of them."
Touri: "Now then, everyone has their own interests and objectives. There's a reason birds and fish never get along."
Touri: "If you want, you can do whatever you like with that man, but Kajou dying would be inconvenient for me."
She coldly gestures toward the man in the car.
Kajou: "And thus we see the virtue of genius. Don't you agree?"
Kajou asks me.
Even in this situation, I don't feel the slightest shred of irony or malice from him.
He's just as bright, cheery, and outspoken as Ayaya, but that only irritates me further.
Gasai: "Can you block Yoruko's "swords," death goddess? I have no reason not to kill you."
Touri: "I'm trying to make a deal, King."
Touri: "For now, let's avoid a fight. You'll learn the truth, and we'll live. Nomad has been defeated, so none of us have anything to fear now."
Touri: "But if you kill Kajou, I'll kill you. Is it worth killing him here and now, despite that risk?"
Kajou: "Oooooh, killing a genius would be such a great loss to humanity!"
Gasai loosens up.
He backs down right away. Maybe he was only testing her.
If he just wanted to kill Kajou, he didn't need to show himself.El-ahrairah could've done that easily.
Gasai: "So you are the "legend," witch."
The king turns away from the death goddess, focusing instead on Sting and the black witch.
Kagome: "You need someone else to intimidate, King? If you want a legend, you've got one. But all I can teach you is what death feels like."
Gasai: "The banquet is over, witch."
Gasai: "The barbarian is defeated. There is no more reason to fight today."
Akihito: "―――Stop ignoring all of us!!"
I can't stand being ignored like that. I step toward the calm, composed king.
I return Gasai's cold smile with indignation. Our noses are almost touching.
Gasai: "A clown to the bigger end. Do you realize you're defending a literal witch?"
Gasai: "A real-life deus ex machina who controls the legendary Sting."
Sting flies and pronounces judgment without reason.The oldest avatar. A legend of the Coμnet.
There's always a terrible truth lurking behind the veil of legends and miracles.
Gasai: "Witch――We were always enemies. If you stand in my way again――You know what will happen."
After making that proclamation, Gasai and Yoruko leave the ruins, completely ignoring me.
Akihito: "――――――!?"
It happened in an instant.
Just as he tried to leave with Yoruko, an attack came.
No one saw the supersonic projectile coming. The sound of its flight finally reaches us, but it's wiped out by the explosive shockwave it created.
A sudden explosion. A deafening roar.
Akihito: "Uuo......!"
The shockwave knocks me to the ground. After I get up, I see a hole in the ground where Gasai was a moment ago.
And Touri standing in front of him, behind the dust and smoke.
Where did that come from―――?
Wait, more importantly......
Touri: "Are you all right, King? That was crude, but well-planned. They must be firing from outside your avatar's detection range."
In an avatar fight, making the first move always gives you an advantage. There are very few ways to protect weak humans from the attacks of an enemy avatar.
The shot came from such an incredibly long distance that even Yoruko's 9R couldn't sense it.
Anyone could have thought of this method, but not many avatars could actually pull it off.
Akihito: "......why...did you save Gasai......?"
Touri: "Like I said, everyone has their own interests and objectives, boy. I happen to a fan of the king."
Gasai: "Thank you."
Touri: "Shall I assume you owe me one?"
Gasai: "If you had your own reasons for saving me, there's no need for me to repay you."
Touri: "You're so cold."
There is no second shot. Gasai and Touri turn away from each other.
Man: "Professor Kajou, we're meant to be......"
Kajou: "Now then, I would like to investigate the aftermath, but......"
Man: "We should at least recover Miss Nomad's body."
Akihito: "――――Soejima's body?"
They need to take even more away? After robbing Soejima of everything she ever had, even her body is just a sample to them?
Akihito: "――――Babylon!!"
Anger drives me. I send my rage to the black dragon so that it stands up and blocks the death goddess' path.
Touri: "We agreed not to fight here, boy."
Touri: "Do I have to repeat myself? If you kill Kajou, I will kill you. Knowing that, is it worth the risk to fight here?"
Izawa: "So we just have to deal with you first, death goddess."
Izawa's eyes shine with rage as he takes control of Babylon.
Haru: "Oh no, O-Haru-san doesn't approve of putting little girls' lives on the line."
Mayuki: "Aaun."
Mayuki starts sobbing hysterically, and the maid comforts her.Izawa and I come back to our senses.
Touri: "The maid is right. From this position I would target you five rather than Babylon. Do you think you can protect all of them from me?"
Benio: "Akihito............"
Akihito: "............!"
I grind my teeth. The death goddess is telling me that I have to risk the lives of others if I want to go through with this pointless fight.
Izawa: "Damn you......!"
Kajou: "Hmmm, we seem to be having difficulty reaching a compromise today. Let's try again some other time. I hope we meet again, Mizuwa-kun!"
Kajou waves goodbye and gets back into the limousine.It starts up and drives away, back down the hill.
Izawa: "Dammit......dammit, god fucking dammit!!!!"
Izawa starts kicking the rubble around us to vent his frustration.
====================T0280：祭壇の魔女_0603.json====================
The setting sun.
The red sky starts changing to a bluish-purple.What remains of day sinks below the ruined buildings.
Night is coming. No doubt it will be a very long and dark night.
Gasai walks away. Kajou and the others have already left. Touri also heads off somewhere.
I stand still, forgetting to move, having no idea what I should do.
Soejima's body lies at my feet.It reminds me of the one thing I do need to do.
Akihito: "......Babylon."
I weakly call the dragon's name.My body and mind are heavy, making it difficult to control the dragon, but I need to do this.
I make Babylon carry Soejima's body a fair distance away.
Akihito: "............do it."
Babylon's fire. The gravity field expelled by the black dragon wipes out everything around Soejima without a trace.
Akihito: "......sorry I can't make a proper grave for you, but this is better than letting those bastards have their way with you............"
After the dust settles, nothing but the silence of death fills the ruins.
Haru: "What to do now......"
As expected, the maid recovers the fastest.She spins around as if nothing happened.
Haru: "Should we head home before nightfall?"
Akihito: "......O-Haru-san...nothing bothers you at all............"
It is impressive, but at this point she's more like a servant of the underworld than a human maid.
Akihito: "――――!?"
I just realized Kagome's nowhere in sight.
Akihito: "K-Kago――......"
She's gone. The witch isn't here anymore.
―――Did she run away?
Akihito: "............"
That truth hits me far harder than Soejima's fate or Kajou and Touri's revelations.
The witch is arrogant, haughty, and unshakable.
Hinaori Kagome is like a steel crystal without the slightest impurity.Never once has she simply run away.
Akihito: "How...could she............"
Blood rushes to my head.I grab my phone and call Kagome without a shred of reason.
Answer the damn call already. Get back here so you can say your usual nonsense and look down on all of us.
I continue listening for a response, but it never even switches to voice mail.
Izawa: "――――Wait."
Something tingles on the back of my neck.I feel like something is about to sink its fangs into me.
Akihito: "......I'm in a hurry. Make it quick."
My answer sounds like a growling beast on the verge of pouncing.I'm too angry to even try hiding it right now.
Izawa: "Where are you going, Mizuwa?"
He forces himself not to shout, but he's very serious.Izawa's never been more dangerous.
Akihito: "To look for Kagome, obviously. Do you even have to ask?"
Izawa smirks at my simple answer.
Izawa: "Have you been sleeping this whole time?......or are you seriously going to look for her after all this?"
Akihito: "I'm serious. I don't think I'll be able to sleep for a while after what I heard today."
Izawa: "If you heard all of that, there's no way you could be serious. Wake the hell up already."
Izawa's being strangely indirect, and it's trying my patience.
Akihito: "If you're trying to tell me something, just say it. It's not like you to beat around the bush."
Soejima.The System.Kagome, who still won't answer.
Anger. Dissatisfaction. Powerlessness.This is far beyond what I can tolerate.I need to vent these emotions, and I don't care who on.
Izawa: "Hinaori is our enemy."
On impulse, I grab Izawa by the chest.
Akihito: "Say that one more time."
Izawa: "Hinaori is our enemy."
He said it. "Enemy."
Everyone connected to the System behind all this is an enemy in his eyes.
Everything turns red. Before I can think, I punch him in the face.
I didn't hold back. I don't think I've ever punched someone this hard before.
I shout something. Someone else shouts.Screams that sound like Mayuki and Benio. None of it reaches me.
He hits me back before I can land another blow.
First in my solar plexus, then my face.
I lower my head as the third punch comes, blocking it and tackling him.
We both fall to the ground.On the way down he hits me in the side.
Haru: "Oh my, boys being boys. It's so cool seeing men fight over a woman."
Mayuki: "Don't just stand there and talk about it! Stop this! Please, stop fighting!!"
I shout.Izawa shouts.
I take several more blows.I stop counting after the eighth, but I keep hitting back.
I get on top of him and swing down. Probably at his face. Then his chest and shoulders. Kagome taught me how to aim for vital points. I shove aside his arms and keep swinging.
Then suddenly I'm under him, and rocks fall down on me.They're probably fists, but they're shaking me to the bone.
But only at first. After five or six they no longer bother me.
After my senses go numb, and pain no longer feels like anything, I just think about hitting him.
He punches me, and I punch back.I lost count of how many a long time ago.
Izawa weighs at least ten kilograms less than me, but I can tell he's landing me more often than I am him. As we get on top of each other and roll around......
Benio: "Stoooooooooop!!!"
Benio's shrill voice and Babylon's claws.
Benio: "Enough......stop this...we're allies...we're friends, aren't we? ......I've had enough of this......just stop it."
She cries out, her face soaked with tears rather than rage, looking much like a dead dog. Izawa's on top of me now.
Izawa: "......move."
Izawa gets fed up and kicks me aside. I stagger to my feet.
Benio: "No......what's going on? ......I don't understand this."
Haru: "Are you finished, boys?"
Mayuki clings to Haru, hiding her face as Haru strokes her head.The maid looks surprisingly good as a mother.
Izawa: "......tsk!"
Akihito: "......"
Mayuki: "A-anyway......*sniff*, w-we should head home......for now. There's nothing to do here......"
She's still crying and sniffling.
Someone might be coming.Or maybe those people from the System will come back.
But there's still something I have to decide.
Haru: "Yes, let's go."
Akihito: "......I'm staying. I have to look for Kagome."
Izawa: "You're out of your damn mind."
That doesn't matter. I don't need any of that right now.
Haru: "Like the death goddess said, this isn't the time or the place, Akihito. Though it is cute when men lose themselves over a woman."
Akihito: "......are you on Izawa's side?"
Haru: "What do you think, Benio-chan, Mayu-Mayu?"
As always, the maid passes the hot potato to everyone else.
Benio: "I want to believe in Hinaori-san too......but, but......why didn't she tell us she was a connector? And......"
Mayuki: "......because she was deceiving us the whole time?"
They both look away from me as they say that.
Izawa: "The snake has just been keeping an eye on us. She's nothing but a dog of that System, or organization or whatever."
Benio: "That's not......
don't say it like that......"
Mayuki: "......but it's true. If it wasn't, she'd have no reason to hide this from us......and follow us around all the time......"
She's Sting's connector, and she knows Kajou.
Kagome knew exactly what was going on, long before the five of us met on this hill.
Haru: "Well, can't really argue with that. And Kagome-chan did just run away."
Akihito: "............no she didn't."
Kagome doesn't run away. There's no way she'd ever do that.
Haru: "Really? Well, O-Haru-san doesn't care either way."
The maid shrugs her shoulders and smiles.
Haru: "But isn't it more plausible that Kagome was watching us and using your place as a hideout?"
Benio: "Th-that's......not......"
Haru: "Benio-chan, what is it?"
Benio looks down at the ground. She can't bring herself to say it.
There's plenty of circumstancial evidence.Hinaori Kagome was always following us and hiding things from us.It would explain a lot if she was ordered to keep an eye on us.
Kagome was always an oddity in Babylon's coμ.
An outsider, not connected to the avatar.Kagome looks at the world from the outside.The five of us all die if our avatar is destroyed, but not her.
Haru: "Besides......"
The maid's cruel smile doesn't fit her outfit.
Haru: "She never told you about any of this, right Akihito?"
A fatal blow.She was closer to me than anyone, and even called me her partner.Yet Kagome never said a word about this.
And I never realized――――
No.
There were clues. I could've figured it out.I've been subconsciously ignoring all my doubts and suspicions.
Sting saved us twice out of the blue―――
I wanted to believe it was that simple. That was a trap.
A glass castle from a fairy tale. Such things don't exist in real life.
Akihito: "......shut up, maid."
Haru: "As you wish, master."
The maid lifts the corners of her skirt and bows gracefully.
Benio: "......I still don't get it. They just told us so much, and it's not making sense."
Benio: "The System, their investigation......loads of things I didn't understand......but......
but......I know I can't forgive them."
Benio: "They've been watching and studying us...everyone......as part of some experiment."
Benio: "So many people died for that......including Nomad......if Hinaori-san really is on their side......I don't think I can forgive her either."
The heavy silence proves that the other three agree with her, at least to some extent.
Four against one.
If it was anyone but Kagome, I'd probably feel exactly the same way they do.
The plots are coming out, like threads pulled out of the darkness――
Now that one tragedy is behind us, a fitting abyss of conspiracy is showing itself.
Akihito: "......then I'll look for her by myself."
Izawa: "Go for it. We were always like this. We're not friends or allies or anything. Just people that got connected for no reason. Everyone does what they want, whether the others agree or not."
I say my farewells and walk away.
I have to find Kagome. But where to look?Is she still somewhere in these ruins?
I have no idea, but I keep walking. My legs feel like lead.
The five of us only met by chance.Any friendship or camaraderie we had were delusions.
If we never become anything more than a set of five bullets loaded into the same avatar......
That just means we're right back where we started. Nothing was lost――
Akihito: "............"
A slight pain, like a needle embedded deep in my chest.It keeps lingering, never going away. It angers me.
Izawa: "Mizuwa."
I keep walking as I listen to him.
Izawa: "We mean nothing to each other. If you want to be on Hinaori's side, go right ahead. But―――"
Izawa: "Next time I see her, I will kill her. And if you get in my way, I'll kill you too."
――Say that after you get good enough to beat her.
I can't even say that to him. I just step farther into the ruins.
I wander through the valley of death alone.
There's no heat or light in these ruined, abandoned buildings.Cold wind blows through the empty streets as I search for Kagome.
The hill――
Five years ago, there was a terrible incident in this city.
It lasted seven days and nights. On the third day, this tragedy occurred.Two reinforced concrete apartment buildings were destroyed while the residents were still eating breakfast.
Most of the residents were killed. Only two survived.
That was one of the terrorist attacks.Out of all seven days, it was the one with the most casualties.
Officially, it was a bomb placed by terrorists――
Kagome's nowhere to be found.
There are more than thirty abandoned apartment buildings on this hill.It's far too much space to just search aimlessly.
Akihito: "――――――――"
She might not even be here.If the others are right, and Kagome is a traitor, she's probably gone much farther away.
I've never beaten the witch at anything.If she really doesn't want to be found, there's no way I'll ever catch her.
――If they're right.
There's no way I can question that.
We all saw Sting cut through Soejima's avatar.Kagome was controlling it.
The legendary avatar.A sword of judgment tearing through all things.That is why Kajou called her......
The "Omnipotent."
I pass through the western buildings.
If I could feel angry at her, this would be so much easier.
A calm, quiet wind blows through me, and I can't find the slightest heat inside me right now. That makes all of this feel so much more futile.
My footsteps echo through the empty tombstones.The lights of the city are far away. The sinking sun is still bright enough to guide me, but I don't know where to go.
She was so close to me, but I never noticed.
Was I an idiot? Did Kagome betray me? How much of this was a lie?
Our hearts never connected.People are always completely isolated from each other.
No matter how close they are, no matter how much they feel for each other, there's a gap between them that can never truly be filled.
Even if we touch each other, we can't understand someone else's kingdom. Other people are the first outsiders.
This is a gentle kingdom. It gives and takes away for no good reason.
That day―――
This is the same as when I watched my mother's blood spread across that cold floor, unable to do anything.
Today―――
This is the same as when I watched Soejima grow cold in my arms not long ago.
Like a sandcastle, it was all wasted effort.It came down as soon as we finished putting it together.
In the end, everyone is alone. Other people are always separate beings, and reaching out to help someone will never save them.
I arrive at the eastern side. My legs grow heavier with each step.
I keep dragging my legs, wondering if there's some actual lead stuck to my shoes. But I keep forcing myself onward.
If I stop here, I'll never be able to move again.
I search my heart for a reason to keep walking.
All I find there is more gray rubble, just like the buildings around me.
If Kagome left on her own, then I have no reason to follow her, and there's nothing for me to do even if I find her―――
I should get some rest.
I should sit down and look up at the sky.
A lot happened today. I don't want to move another step.
Akihito: "............!"
My feet betray my heart.
I have no reason to move forward, but I can't stop.I keep going without any destination.
Akihito: "――The top of the hill......"
I remember how it started.
Hinaori Kagome.A princess I met in a white castle on the hill.
As a little child who knew nothing, seeing something that beautiful burned it into my mind forever.
Akihito: "――――"
The day we parted.
We promised to meet again, but even as children, we knew there was no chance of that actually happening.
But promises are made to be broken.
And yet......
It was a total coincidence.That day, we reunited on the footbridge outside the station.
I recognized her right away, but after seven years, Kagome took a while to notice that I was her childhood friend.
When I saw her tilt her head as if she'd stepped into a trap――
I thought, "Is this really happening?"
She hadn't changed in the slightest.
She was just as arrogant.Never bending, breaking, or rusting.She can only live like a clean, straight blade.
She's always been very beautiful.
I wanted to be strong enough not to lose to anything.
Just like Kagome――
Akihito: "――――"
The red color―――It's different from back then. Nothing's finished yet. It hasn't even begun.
I'm not going to relive that regret.
I could be hurt by the betrayal, enraged by the lies, or fall to the ground and give up......but not yet.
Kagome's gone. Did she really run away? Or was there some other reason?
I don't know, but I chase her anyway.
I'll chase her, find her, and if there is no answer, I'll make one.
With each step, my legs grow surer.The strength I lost is coming back to me.
I may be defeated. I may be grief-stricken. I may have lost many things.But there is a spell I need to chant.
But so what―――?
Akihito: "Don't think you can run away from me......"
Akihito: "―――Wherever you're hiding, I'll find you."
Izawa called her a traitor. That may be an unshakeable truth, but the Kagome I know would never do such a thing.
I know Kagome.I trust the Kagome I know.
Kagome is a tyrant.If she was going to betray us, she'd do it outright, to our faces.
Besides......
Even if all of this was a lie......
Kagome still saved us.
She saved me, Ayaya, and our coμ.
Sting flew for us twice. And many more times she helped us in other ways.
Without Kagome, we would've been defeated long ago.
That's all I need to know.
Maybe she had a reason for helping us.Maybe she'll tell me that was all part of their plan.
But even so, she did save us. Only will and action can change the world. That's the truth.
The fact that she saved us can never be a lie.
So I have all the reason I need to follow her.
I'll follow her. I'll find her. And then I'll ask her.I'll see the final answer firsthand.
The fifth building on the east side.
I pass by some rubble from the battle earlier, then it hits me where Kagome might be.
Ground zero――
A mountain of rubble. The destruction left behind a crater, like a warzone that had been bombed.
The setting sun casts a long shadow on it.It's a sanctuary for worshipping death.
Kagome's there.
She's sitting on top of the rubble, gazing at the setting sun, looking neither happy nor sad.
The burning red background blurs her dark form.Her pitch-black hair shimmers like a shadow, making my heart skip a beat even at times like this.
Kagome: "You look terrible, Akihito."
The witch runs her fingers through her long hair and smiles.A cold, scornful smile.
Akihito: "......yeah, Izawa and I had a bit of a scuffle. He hit me so I fought back with one hand, and he got scared and prostrated himself. It felt good."
Kagome: "Hmph. Still, you're late, Akihito. The sun's setting. Actually, I guess this is good for you. Good job finding this place."
The drop of poison in her voice is gentler than usual. Still, I'm relieved to see she's the same as usual.
I didn't want to see Kagome depressed.
Akihito: "This is......"
Kagome: "Five years ago, there was a huge battle here. It was the largest of the war by far. The Hinaori mansion was wiped out by it."
Akihito: "Is that why it looks like this now?"
Kagome: "No."
Kagome: "This was me. I blew these buildings away with Sting."
Kagome makes her confession without the slightest change in expression.I have no idea what to say.
Akihito: "――――"
Kagome: "Didn't Kajou tell you? I'm the only survivor of that war."
Kagome: "I killed them. Every last one of them. I didn't make a single exception.I did whatever it took to kill them."
Kagome: "Soejima was a byproduct of that."
――Soejima Hisoka.A vengeful spirit who died five years ago.
Kagome: "I needed to annihilate three coμs that were hiding in the same building as her. I cut buildings five and six apart after checking they were in there."
She cut entire buildings apart, destroying a whole neighborhood.
What kind of avatar makes such a thing possible?
Everyone in those buildings died after Sting destroyed them, including the three coμs hiding in them.
Kagome: "I did it to survive. To win."
The witch's sword came down without mercy or restraint, on both connectors and innocents.
The desolate ruins are none other than scars of the past.Those two incidents claimed more than a thousand lives.
The witch's curse――The mountain of rubble Kagome's sitting on.An altar built on more than a thousand bodies.
Only now do I......
Akihito: "Kagome, you......"
The black witch looks down on me. Not belittling, but observing.That reminds me of......
Akihito: "――――Girl A......?"
The silent songstress wrapped in chains and colors not of this world.She brings connectors to their awakening, but tells them nothing, which is why everyone gave her that anonymous name―――
Her bizarre appearances and strange clothes hide the outline of an illusory girl, which is oddly similar to the witch.
Kagome: "We look alike? ......I see, that is possible."
Kagome: "I am the core of the Takakura City avatar network. When Girl A awakens connectors here, perhaps she takes on a form resembling mine."
Akihito: "――――What do you mean?"
Kagome looks down from atop the mountain of corpses.
Kagome: "Kajou didn't tell you yet? I see."
Kagome: "The connection phenomenon produces connectors and avatars.Girl A contacts humans and turns them into connectors by overwriting their information. She's like a conceptual virus."
Kagome: "Connectors act as carriers, spreading it to new connectors.Once it happens, the avatar is inseparable from its coμ."
A kingdom of steel fantasies.Once connected, you can't escape the invisible chains.
Akihito: "......carriers?"
An ominous word. What did Kajou call her?
Kagome: "Yes, I'm a secondary carrier. That is the role and one of the names given to the "Omnipotent.""
Kagome: "Connectors produce more connectors. It's not strictly about physical distance, but living close to connectors does increase the probability of becoming one yourself. It spreads just like――"
Akihito: "――Just like a virus."
Nanase was lamenting the sudden rise in connectors.
One becomes two. Two becomes four.No matter how low the probability of it spreading to any one individual, the more connectors there are, the easier it is for more to appear.
Kagome: "Some conditions have to be met before it can spread. Details aside, the stronger an avatar's being――or the more "action points" it has, the faster it tends to spread."
Action points......
Only a blood-soaked coμ which had defeated countless enemies, and leveled up countless times could――
Kagome: "Hence, me."
Kagome: "Sting is the most powerful avatar in existence, with over 420,000 action points."
Kagome: "That's why I'm――"Omnipotent.""
Akihito: "――――――――"
The meaning of her words leaves me speechless.
That tremendous number is the result of devouring countless avatars.How many lives did she snuff out to achieve that level of power?
Kagome: "The connectors spawned from a particular carrier share certain tendencies......patterns can be identified. That remains true even after multiple generations."
Kagome ignores my shock and continues explaining indifferently.
Kagome: "We believe avatars sharing a certain pattern constitute a kind of network, which exists in ways humans cannot yet detect."
Akihito: "You believe? ......that's awfully uncertain for you."
Kagome: "Most connection phenomena remain unexplained. Everything I just told you is merely a theory. If we really understood it, we wouldn't need to conduct such a dangerous experiment."
Kagome: "We believe avatar networks have a hierarchy based on their action points."
Kagome: "Takakura City's network started with me. A B1-type secondary carrier."
Kagome: "And I'm the strongest in the city, so Sting is the core of that network."
Kagome: "Girl A is merely a guide to awaken connectors. Her form doesn't matter, as long as she can beckon humans easily――So it makes sense for her to take a human form."
Kagome: "And since I'm at the core of the network, it makes sense to imitate me."
Akihito: "So Girl A is――"
Kagome: "I told you before, Akihito. Don't believe things just because you can see them."
I can only smile bitterly at the blunt truth.
Girl A――An illusory girl who only appears to connectors.
She's a true illusion.
A nice appearance given to a program for guiding new connectors.
No name. No soul. She exists solely to perform a single function.Her very being is an illusion.
Akihito: "......you said "secondary" earlier......"
Kagome: "Yes, a secondary carrier. I am the source of Takakura City's second avatar network."
Kagome: "Five years ago, the first carrier came here."
Kagome: "It didn't spread as fast back then because the first carrier wasn't as strong as me."
Kagome: "But all connectors can spawn other connectors. Little by little, the connectors formed organizations, and started fighting."
Kagome: "Then they fought a war."
Five years ago, something terrible happened here.A terrorist attack orchestrated by some religious cult that was prophesying the "end of the world"―――
Kagome: "The slightest oddity lit the flames of suspicion. Many coμs started fighting each other. Once someone started it, the others couldn't avoid getting involved."
The first move is vital in coμ fights.
If someone gets the jump on you, it's almost impossible to survive and counterattack.
If you want to survive, you have to kill them before they kill you.It's easy to see why everyone arrives at that conclusion.
Kagome: "Attacks brought counterattacks, death brought more deaths, and anger brought more anger. By the time the System realized what was happening, it was beyond their ability to control."
Kagome: "Kajou told you the rest. They covered it up with a fairy tale about terrorists."
It was all a lie.
A nice, simple explanation to hide a truth no one can ever know.
Kagome: "Every connector in Takakura City was dragged into that coμ war."
Kagome: "For seven days and seven nights, they killed all over the city, creating scars that still haven't healed."
Kagome: "Only one person survived."
Kagome: "Me――――The "Omnipotent.""
The strongest being in human history. The sole survivor of that war, holding the all time record of 426,700 action points.
She's neither a winner nor a loser. She simply survived, and took the lives of countless others to make that happen.
Akihito: "......why are you working for them?"
Akihito: "And――Where's the rest of your coμ?"
Kagome: "They died. I'm the sole survivor."
Akihito: "............why didn't you tell me about this!?"
Kagome: "I don't like doing pointless things."
Kagome: "Only an idiot would bother asking about this, Akihito."
Akihito: "Why are you still――"
All of my patience is blown away, by irritation rather than anger.
Akihito: "――――"
Something's been bugging me, and now it takes shape.
The sun casts a long shadow at my feet.
Belief is always an illusion, just like a glass castle. When you look inside, there's just empty space. Nothing of value to be found――
But still......
We first met in a white castle on this hill. She was a real fairytale princess.
No one can see the heart. We can't even believe in what we do see, so there's no way to believe in things we can't.
But still――
The Kagome I know would never betray us like that.
And that's all I need to know.
Akihito: "――You said it was over four hundred and twenty thousand, right?"
A very simple answer suddenly hits me.
Kagome frowns a tiny bit, like a bratty child scolded for bad behavior.
That proves I'm right.
426,700 action points.The Omnipotent Sting, far stronger than even Jack the Ripper.
Akihito: "Is that why you joined them? There's no way you could control an avatar that powerful on your own."
Akihito: "They're helping you with that."
Kagome: "There might not be a reason."
Akihito: "I know you."
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "Like you said, I'm your partner. I know you. I know Hinaori Kagome."
Akihito: "She may be an idiot, but she'd never let someone put a collar on her without a damn good reason."
Kagome: "You're not much smarter, Akihito. Stop believing in what you can see."
Kagome: "You can't understand other people. Everyone wears a mask. There's no way to know what any of them are really thinking."
Akihito: "Shut up."
Akihito: "If you don't understand, then I'll tell you. You're terrible at dodging questions. It's obvious you're trying to make me change the subject."
Kagome: "............"
She goes quiet with an unpleasant face.For the first time in my life, I feel like I've beaten Kagome.
Kagome: "You're awfully insolent today, Akihito."
Akihito: "I'm not the issue here."
Kagome: "Disagreeable brat."
Akihito: "You're being the brat right now."
Kagome: "You're more perceptive than usual today, Akihito. I thought you were an idiot."
The witch spits out those words coldly, as if vexed.
Akihito: "I said this isn't about me."
Kagome: "Four hundred and twenty thousand. The Omnipotent. Sting is a bomb that could go off at any moment."
Kagome: "To keep it under control, I need Kajou's researchers. It's maddening, but they hold my life in their hands."
Even a witch like Kagome has limits that no individual can surpass.
Maintaining a ticking time bomb like the Omnipotent avatar requires maintenance from an organization like the System.
Kagome: "Akihito, now you know everything."
Kagome: "What's been going on behind the scenes. Everyone's motives and reasons. The betrayals, the plots, the experiments, and the deaths."
There's no way to convey your hearts to others.No one is ever truly connected.
Even what you can see might just be a disguise.A person's true nature lies so deep inside them even they might not know it.
An act to protect yourself.Thorns to keep others away.A pretty mask and a cold attitude. 
But......
Akihito: "The time we've spent together was real. Even if all of it was lies, the fact that we spent it will never change."
That's how I feel now.
Akihito: "That's why I believe you. I don't know what is and isn't okay to believe in, but I'm going to believe in you anyway."
Akihito: "You're stupid, you belittle people, you look down on them, you never try to help, and nothing but insults ever comes out of your mouth, but I still believe in you."
Akihito: "You would never betray us and obey someone else without a good reason."
Kagome: "......I had no idea you were so stupid."
She makes it sound as if she's truly fed up with me this time.
Akihito: "Not as stupid as you, partner."
Kagome: "You still call me your partner? Despite the fact that I worked with the System and never told you?"
Akihito: "You're the one who said I was your partner."
Akihito: "Don't suddenly change your mind about that."
Akihito: "You've been doing all sorts of selfish things the whole time I've known you. Don't think you can just throw it all away. You don't get to end this relationship until you take responsibility for everything."
Akihito: "I'm not letting you get away until you do. We are partners. No amount of kicking and screaming will change that."
Kagome: "Do you think I would ever kick and scream in front of you?"
Kagome: "I'm the one who makes you kick and scream, Akihito."
Akihito: "......those details don't matter."
The witch really doesn't care about preserving the mood.
Akihito: "Got it? We're partners. I'm staying with you to the bitter end."
Akihito: "You've protected me all this time, and now I'm going to protect you."
Kagome: "......you really are a stupid man."
Akihito: "Stop saying that."
Kagome: "Very well."
With her usual voice, and her usual face......
Kagome: "We are partners. It's a promise. I'll stay with you to the very end, Akihito, and you'll protect me."
Kagome holds out her hand from the top of the altar.
I walk up the slope. Three steps.
I take her hand――
I remember those distant days.
A princess in a white dress from a white castle. She was more beautiful than anything I'd ever seen before, and I couldn't take another step.
A dream I had as a child――A beautiful, fragile fairy tale I've never forgotten――
Kagome: "You'll regret this, boy."
Akihito: "Same to you, brat."
====================T0290：冷たい円舞曲_0603.json====================
Night.
By the time Kagome and I make it back, it's already past 10 PM.
After what Nomad did, there are police and firemen running all over the city. It feels like someone whacked a beehive.
Akihito: "............we're back."
I announce my arrival for no reason as I enter my apartment.All the lights are off. No one's home.
It's quiet, just the way we left it. But Benio and Mayuki haven't come back.
Akihito: "......I guess they wouldn't."
After what happened, I can't blame them.Maybe they'll never come here again.
Kagome's just a pawn of the System to them.We were just germs in their petri dish.Izawa and I had a fight over it.
Everything we've done together, all the choices we've made, all those lives and deaths――It was all part of their experiment.
Nomad's massacre and Soejima's death were just a loose end to them.
Nothing's clear anymore.It's like seeing the "making of" video for my favorite show.The view through the window feels like a flat painting.
Kagome: "You look terrible."
Kagome's smiling.
My face starts hurting where Izawa punched it. He wasn't holding back.I haven't looked in a mirror, but I probably look like a common thug right now.
Akihito: "......I did beat him up."
Kagome: "Don't fool yourself, Akihito. He did far more damage to you."
Akihito: "Shut up."
I collapse on the sofa.I feel like my body and soul have been completely spent.
Kagome: "We should start with first aid."
Akihito: "Aau, ouch, yau, aan!"
Kagome: "Don't make such pitiful noises. You're a man, aren't you? I almost want to make you scream now."
Akihito: "Are you a monster!?"
Kagome's finally smiling again as she starts treating me.
Kagome wasn't satisfied with the first-aid box in my room, so she brought some very strange stuff from her room.
They say it's possible to extract someone's appendix at home with the right tools. I'd rather not.
Akihito: "......you don't have to change clothes."
Kagome: "I don't like being stiff and formal for this."
She's naked except for a shirt. Right in front of me is her white skin, and her breasts bouncing around because she won't wear a bra, despite their size.
She took a quick shower before this, so her hair is still wet.
Akihito: "Why did you take a shower before doing first aid......?"
Kagome: "A woman must keep up appearances."
The witch is selfish beyond reason.
Kagome finishes quickly.Apparently none of my bones were hurt, so it was fairly simple.
It'll still take a while to recover fully.Using my body and mind too much will definitely hurt.
This is the second time I've had a serious brawl with someone.
I don't remember winning either one. My memories of being hit outnumber my memories of hitting. All I learned was that I'm powerless and the world couldn't care less about me.
Kagome sits down mightily as if she owns the place.She crosses her long legs, and my eyes move toward her thighs.
She leans back against me, sitting in the same arrogant way she always does. Today her back feels strangely warm.
Akihito: "......so what are they like?"
The heat of her skin distracts me, so I pick the first thing I can think of to talk about. I need to learn more about this anyway.
The Illusion Plan carried out by the System in Takakura City.
Kagome was a major part of it. She should know a lot of details.
Kagome: "Surely you can guess. They're called the System for a reason."
Kagome: "An enormous organization moving behind the scenes――A huge group, or perhaps a network larger than any state. Hardly any of the members understand its full scale."
Kagome: "Large financial groups and companies are often said to operate with the same power as a small country. I don't know if they all have a clear objective, but they often act like they're part of the same super-organization. I have no idea how far this really goes."
Akihito: "..................seriously?"
It's so insane that I'm not surprised, just weirded out. She might as well have told me that the chupacabra or the Mongolian death worm really exist.
Kagome: "Seriously. The "terrorism" five years ago was the greatest loss of life this country has seen since the war. It threw everyone into a panic. It made international headlines."
Kagome: "Covering it up this well must have taken the cooperation of at least a few foreign governments."
Akihito: "Come on, this isn't a spy novel."
Kagome: "Truth is stranger than fiction."
She whispers into my ear, as if toying with me.
Akihito: "Well, I had a lot of things distracting me back when that happened, and I don't pay much attention to the news......"
―――Red memories. The metal bridge. A piano sonata.
My chest tightens. Only will and action change the world. The consequences of my actions always come back to me, including the pain and the tragedies.
Kagome: "It you don't stop pouting, I'll have to execute you."
Akihito: "......fine."
I calm down just a bit and now she's like this again.
Kagome: "So what are you going to do now, Akihito?"
Akihito: "What do you mean? .........a mere student like me can't do anything about an organization this huge."
The situation is far beyond me.
A secret experiment by an organization larger than any country.The truth behind the terrorist attacks five years ago.The city and the Coμnet are descending into chaos.
I remember a fairy tale that started a long time ago.
A man sinned by peeping on his lovely wife while she was sewing in the form of a crane, and after being seen like that she could no longer live with him.
The price of curiosity is always a hopeless truth.
Akihito: "That's nothing new though. I've run into things like this and given up several times, convincing myself I had no choice."
Akihito: "In this world, what happens, happens. I'm not going to start whining about that now."
Soejima died. Lots of other people died too.Many coμs got drunk with power and abused it.
I can't blame the System for all of those tragedies.
It's not their fault that the connection phenomenon is contagious.
When people get drunk on power, that's their own foolishness.The people they kill are either unlucky or weak.
The slightest bit of malice or bad luck is enough to take a life away.The System isn't responsible for that either.
The world is always multi-layered, and we're always complicated.
There was never a great evil overlord we could defeat to get our happy ending.
These were all ordinary things that could've happened anywhere.Nothing special about them. Just an extension of daily life.
There's no point complaining about these particular tragedies―――
Akihito: "―――But there are some things I still can't accept."
In this gentle kingdom, everything is equally meaningless.It gives us things and takes them away without reason.
But so what―――?
I repeat that one spell.
Death. Defeat. Discouragement. Theft. Resignation.I cannot let myself simply accept those things.
Akihito: "And I owe them a piece of my mind."
I may not have a clear path yet, but......
Akihito: "I will pay them back for what they've done. Not yet, but someday......I will get back at them for every last thing they did to us."
That resolve is firm in my heart.
Akihito: "There's a lot I have to do first. No matter how long it takes, I'll make sure I can do it."
Kagome: ".........you really are an incurable idiot, Akihito."
Akihito: "............also, our coμ broke up."
Saying it out loud makes my back teeth hurt again.
We were a team.We shared life and death, without any friendship or common interests.
A shallow connection.I never intended to rely on it, but for some reason this loss hits me hard.
Kagome: "So that's why he beat you up."
Akihito: "I hit him! Besides, we were fighting over you!"
Akihito: "I defended you, against Izawa, Benio, O-Haru-san, and Mayuki. You should be thanking me!!"
Kagome: "Ha! Blaming others for your own actions. You should just die."
She ridicules me. The witch is endlessly irritating.
Akihito: "......in that case, what are you going to do?"
Kagome: "I am me. I'll act based on my own logic and circumstances. Until Kajou's plan ends, my role as the secondary carrier won't end either."
Kagome: "But......that won't last much longer."
The witch's voice changes tone.She looks out the window at the flickering lights of the city.
Akihito: "What do you mean?"
Kagome: "Too many people saw what Nomad did. Even if they suppress the media, information will spread through the internet. Even they can't prevent that."
Kagome: "It's going to interfere with their plans. Conspiracies are much harder to pull off in this day and age."
Akihito: "......conspiracies have historical trends?"
Kagome: "Times and methods change, though the core of it is always the same. These days it's more about spreading lies than suppressing the truth."
When there's too much information, it's hard to tell what's true.The world is still dizzyingly fast.
Kagome: "The plan will probably have to be cancelled, so Kajou and the others will be leaving soon."
Akihito: "......they do all this and then just run away? Powerful people are so irresponsible."
Kagome: "They are them, and I am me."
Kagome brings her face closer.Her wet hair falls onto me, and her sweet scent tickles my nostrils.
Kagome: "You never ended our partnership, Akihito. If you keep depending on me, I'll have to cut you up."
Akihito: "Why do you keep saying things like that......?"
So close I can feel her breath. Her sharp, glaring eyes look into mine.
A deep black.
So deep and beautiful it's scary. That black color lures me in.
Kagome: "All right. I'll protect you and be protected by you, Akihito."
Her face stops one centimeter away from mine.
Her wet eyes are shaking. I close that final gap myself.
Kagome: "............unn."
We fall back onto the sofa. Part of me was trying to make this like a kiss in a movie, but after about a second I forget all about that.
Kagome's lips. I devour them, as if to twist them off. Like a glass of water in the desert.
Kagome: "Nn! ......auu, nn......!"
I grab her jaw and gently nibble on her hesitating lips. I press my tongue against her shaking teeth and invade Kagome's mouth.
Kagome's mouth is as hot as fire. I move my tongue all around the inside, including the center and the backs of her teeth, until I've touched all of it.
Normally she's audacious, but her tongue is shrinking back inside her mouth. I twist mine around it.
Her timid tongue is long and firm. I gently press my teeth against it, and her white limbs leap under me.
Kagome: "Nn, aau............!"
She resists. She flails a little bit, but so weakly it's clearly out of surprise rather than dislike.
This witch can kill a human with her bare hands in an instant, but she barely even tries to resist. I push her down and suck her lips.
I take away. I suck. I lick. I conquer. I suck her saliva. Mine enters her. Our tongues twist.
Before I know it, she's become passive. She clings to my shirt like a child.
Her face trembles ever so slightly. The fact that she's shamelessly acting like a mere girl now blows away the last bit of calm I had.
First, her lips. I focus on those more than anything. I forget everything else.
It's lame and embarrassing, but I don't care. The sensation of another human's lips and tongue. I drown myself in the sense that she's truly there.
Kagome: "Uu......uuu......! ......nn......*gulp*...!"
Kagome's throat moves a few times. After seeing that she swallowed the cocktail of our saliva, I finally release our melted lips.
It almost feels like we became one, even though such a thing is impossible.
Kagome: "Haa......ha! Haa, haa......!"
I've never seen Kagome run out of breath before, but now her face is red and her chest is heaving.
I finally come back to my senses, and that sanity brings with it incredible shame.
Kagome: "............so you finally pushed me down."
Akihito: "No, I......umm, it's not............"
Kagome: "..................we did make a promise."
The sight of Kagome looking away shakes me more than her weak voice.
A childhood promise. When I can beat her, she'll......
Akihito: "――――――"
My brain stops.
Kagome: "............"
Unbelievably, Kagome says nothing.
Unbelievably, she keeps lying on the sofa where I pushed her down.For some reason, she just turns away and lies there.
The witch is bright white, almost see-through. Just a tinge of red on her cheek.
Akihito: "――――――――"
My brain finally loses it. The evil disease takes hold. Inexplicable nausea, dizziness, and intoxication assault me all at once.
Kagome: "Aau......"
Why are you moaning like that!?
Akihito: "Nya......"
I can't even get the first word out. My right hand is on Kagome's chest, but I swear that's just where it landed when we fell.
I tell myself to move it, but my body disobeys. It won't listen to me anymore.
Kagome: "Nn......"
My hand squeezes. The sensation is objectively softer than anything I've ever felt before.
She's wearing nothing but a shirt, but they haven't lost any of their shape.
They push up the white cloth to assert their existence. As I examine one of them with my entire hand, I feel something in the center start to harden.
Kagome: "Uu......nn, nnn......!"
Her muffled voice. She's still looking away, but she doesn't reject me. Nonetheless, she bites her lips, as if enduring something.
Kagome glances at me, then looks away again.Why are you acting like such a normal girl!? This isn't like you!
Kagome's body is pressed against me.This has happened several times in the past, but this time her skin feels exceptionally hot.
Her heat. Her heartbeat. Her softness. They prove she's really here. We're already past the point of no return.
Akihito: "Kago――......"
I can't even speak properly. We're so close together now......
My phone rings.
Akihito: "............"
Kagome: "............"
We freeze, as if we just encountered a lion in the savanna.
We wait, but it won't stop ringing.
Kagome: "......it's for you."
Akihito: "......yeah."
My head rapidly cools off.
We awkwardly sit up on the sofa. As usual, Kagome leans against whoever's next to her. If we made eye contact right now, I might die of shame.
My phone's still ringing. I don't care who's calling or why, but I really want to beat the crap out of them.
Akihito: "......hello."
I don't bother checking the name.
Gasai: "Have you looked online?"
It's the twisted king.
Akihito: "..................you and I will never get along. I see that clearly tonight. No one irritates me more than you!!"
Gasai: "I have no interest in what you were doing."
Akihito: "You piss me off!"
Gasai: "Are you in a bad mood?"
Akihito: "............no, not at all."
Gasai: "The internet. If you haven't seen it, go look now."
I have a lot I want to say to him, but for now, I do as he says. I turn on my laptop and open a browser.
Akihito: "Which site?"
Gasai: "Any site. The coμ image boards would be ideal."
I can faintly hear the sounds of a moving car through the phone. And someone's voice. They're outside.
Akihito: "――――Caesar?"
Gasai wasn't kidding. It's everywhere.
Every image board has a detailed profile about Gasai, including the fact that he's Caesar. They even have pictures.
Akihito: "――You think I have something to do with this?"
Gasai: "Thanks to this, I can't relax at home anymore. Even going outside is a massive pain."
Akihito: "That's what you get for being so ruthless. Tons of people are dying to kill you now that they know who you are."
Revenge. Ambition. Jealousy. Interests―――Gasai is at the center of an enormous kingdom.Countless threads connect people to him.
Gasai: "So......"
Akihito: "Would you believe me if I said it wasn't me?"
Gasai: "I know that."
The king believes me without any evidence. That's awfully careless.
Akihito: "So what are you going to do now......?"
Gasai: "Go underground."
That terse answer makes me imagine his usual cold, arrogant smile.
Akihito: "Gasai."
Gasai: "I won't die. Not this easily."
Akihito: "......when did I say I was worried about you? Go die in a gutter already."
I end the call without saying goodbye.
Kagome: "......was that Gasai? I'll kill him and El-ahrairah next time he shows up."
Akihito: "......why would you do that?"
Kagome's in a fairly bad mood.
Akihito: "Anyway, Caesar's identity got leaked online. He said he'll go into hiding for a while."
Kagome: "The Coμnet must be going wild."
Akihito: "Who the hell did that......at a time like this, it just makes everything even more dangerous."
Kagome: "Caesar being cornered won't cause any problems for you, Akihito."
After Kagome says that, I think for a while.
Akihito: "............more fighting will cause problems somehow."
But who leaked it――That's the problem.
Gasai is cautious. He keeps risks like that to their bare minimum.To my knowledge, the only people who know him are――
Benio, Mayuki, Haru, Izawa, and Kagome.
None of them are likely suspects.They have no reason to blow Caesar's cover.
Kagome: "Either they thought it'd be funny, they have a grudge against him, or they're trying to manipulate the situation."
You can affect people's actions by distributing information.This trick has been used for millennia.
Akihito: "Aside from Gasai's coμ and ours, the only people who know his identity are......Touri, Kajou, and their allies."
Kagome: "To the System, this is all an experiment. The more they interfere, the less meaningful the results. Kajou wouldn't want that. I can't imagine they did it."
Akihito: "What was with that guy anyway? He was oddly upbeat for a villain."
Kagome: "He's weird."
She raises one leg and answers immediately.
Akihito: "......I knew that already."
You're hardly one to talk.
Kagome: "But he is a genius. He's the head of an anthropological research group, and a member of the Illusion Committee. One of the men orchestrating the Illusion Plan."
Akihito: "......sounds like the kind of place that has forcefields around it."
Akihito: "I wish I could just beat up that crazy old man, have him join our side, then fight the final boss that comes out after him......but it's never like that......"
Kagome: "That's an eighties shounen manga."
Kagome: "Kajou is a genius, but to the System, he's just one of many cogs in the machine. Killing all of them wouldn't make a difference, though it may delay the plan a bit."
......would it be worth it to delay the plan?
I give that dangerous idea some half-serious thought.
The committee will keep moving even if they lose Kajou, and their replacement might not be as amenable as Kajou.
They could've picked someone far worse than that narcissistic genius.
This is odd. I barely know him at all, and by all rights he should be nothing but an enemy to me, and yet I feel a strange camaraderie with him.
Do I like weird people? Is this a side effect of Kagome's conditioning?
Akihito: "Does he know a way to turn connectors back to normal......?"
Kagome: "As if it's that easy. They wouldn't be doing such a risky experiment if they understood the phenomenon that well."
Should we wipe out the committee and put a stop to this plan? I don't think that would change anything.
Kagome needs their assistance. There's no point crushing them just to vent my frustration.
Could I take Kagome out of the city so she stops spawning connectors?――No.
Connectors spawn more connectors.Whether she's here or not, they'll keep multiplying.
Connectors are a cancer.They eat away at the normal world, turning it black.
If we want to solve all our problems, the only option is to kill every connector in the city. Ourselves included.
A perfect catch-22. The world is always a sadistic labyrinth, and sometimes it doesn't even have an exit.
Countless dead ends and evil traps.There is no easy answer to escape all of it.
Akihito: "So it wasn't us, Touri, or the System. Assuming none of Gasai's men betrayed him――"
―――I can think of one other person.
DD: "Heya, heading home now? Or just skipping school?"
The main path through central park. I give an American greeting of two thumbs up to the man and his stall.
Akihito: "Skipping. You seem to be doing well today. Isn't this area really strict?"
The competition is fierce for space in central park. I'm pretty sure DD's territory doesn't cover this area.
DD: "Some of us are quite generous, you know. Every day I evolve and today is a revolution! The me of yesterday is nothing compared to today!"
Akihito: "Okay, good luck with that. See you later. Have fun."
It's been one day since the tragedy at New Takakura Station. That glass temple used to be a great tourist attraction, but Nomad's hands turned it into an altar of death.
The police, fire department, and even SDF rescue teams are continuing to search for survivors and clear the debris.
Takakura Station has completely shut down. Hundreds of thousands of people are unable to take their usual commute.
Instead there are as many onlookers mixed in with the police, relatives, and staff. DD is making a killing here today.
I wave goodbye and look around. I find her right away.
Akihito: "Is this seat taken?"
Rondo: "You're fifteen minutes late, hero. I hear you beat Nomad. I wish I could've made it there in time."
Rondo Rondo. She sits on the bench like a bright red flower.Kagome controls those around her, while Rondo attracts them.
Akihito: "It worked out all right, though a lot of other stuff happened that wasn't so great. Still, I can guarantee the monster on the highway won't be coming back."
I sit down on the bench next to her.
Because of what happened at the station, the central park is more crowded than usual.
Rondo: "A lot of people died."
The grand temple that is the New Takakura Station.
It's estimated that over two hundred died. The station is connected to several hotels and they had a lot of tourists in them, so the casualties were immense.
Rondo: "But at least it's over."
Akihito: "This battle is, but not the war."
This isn't a movie. Life keeps going even after the credits roll.
What's lost remains lost forever. Those who survive carry their scars, agonizing for the rest of their lives.
Akihito: "When someone dies, certain people might cry for them, and certain others might smile."
Akihito: "Either way, life goes on. Their seats remain empty until someone else shows up to replace them."
I look up at the sky.A bird I don't recognize flies without a care in the world.
Rondo: "That's true. The survivors will be grieving for a long time. It's always hard being left alive after something like this."
Death is salvation――There are times and places where that becomes true.Partly for that reason, it is good to be alive.
Every death has a story. From here, the station is just a broken glass tower. There's no need to ask what happened to the countless lives inside.
Rondo: "So what is it today? Do you want a date to make up for the fact that I couldn't help?"
Rondo's eyes burn bright. They're not overpowering, but I do feel a certain pressure. Beauty has power.
Akihito: "That does sound good. Would you mind?"
Rondo: "Well, I do have time today, so why not?"
Akihito: "Okay. Before we go, can I ask you one question?"
Rondo: "Sure, comrade."
Akihito: "―――Do you have a grudge against Caesar?"
Rondo freezes.She wasn't expecting that at all, and her shock gives me a glimpse of her true self.
The face of a very fragile girl.
Rondo: "―――So you did notice."
She narrows her eyes, and her voice grows cold.
Akihito: "I was worried you might waste my time trying to deny it."
Rondo: "How could you tell?"
Akihito: "Process of elimination. Very few people get the opportunity to see Gasai in person. I know a lot of weird people, but none who'd go out of their way to screw him over."
Rondo: "......you trust them?"
Akihito: "I......guess I do. We aren't really friends though."
Akihito: "So you're the only one left who could have done it, Rondo."
Rondo: "I didn't even know who Caesar was."
Akihito: "Gasai has one weak point."
Akihito: "Did you know he's actually a lolicon?"
Rondo: "Ha......?"
Akihito: "He and Yoruko live together. The king's quite a softy, really. And that's how you found him."
Rondo: "......he's not the only one who's weak to girls."
And who are you referring to?
Akihito: "Since Gasai's identity is a secret, there's not a lot he can do. He only uses Yoruko when he absolutely has to. She's his secret weapon, capable of fighting avatars all by herself."
Rondo: "True, I had no idea there was a connector like her out there."
Akihito: "Up until now Yoruko's never done anything that would gather witnesses. However, when we were all tracking down Nomad, Yoruko helped us."
Akihito: "I didn't recognize Yoruko's avatar when she used it at the abandoned factory, but you did, Rondo. You knew her "swords" were part of El-ahrairah."
Akihito: "Yoruko's special ability is partial summoning. She can summon and use El-ahrairah's blades individually."
Shinomiya Yoruko is a knight.She borrows part of the king's power to defeat the king's enemies.
Everyone knows most avatars are enormous, so her "swords" are a lethal surprise to most connectors.
Akihito: "But you had no way of knowing for sure, so that's why you were so interested in Yoruko."
Akihito: "You probably felt certain her "swords" were part of El-ahrairah after our second encounter with Nomad, near the highway intersection."
Rondo: "Yes."
Akihito: "So, you're the one who tried to shoot Gasai on the hill. Why?"
Rondo screwed it up. The death goddess stole her once-in-a-lifetime chance.
After that, Gasai knew his identity had leaked. He probably went into hiding shortly after that, before anything was uploaded to the internet.
She probably put that information online in order to force him out of hiding.
Rondo: "I have my reasons. I have the right to kill Caesar."
Beneath her mask of beauty, a searing blade shows itself.
The will to pierce her enemies.A dark, stagnant heat. Heat. Heat.
Rondo looks straight at me, then toward one of the random strangers crouching down and sobbing at the sight of that glass grave just outside the park.
Akihito: "――"
I don't even need to ask the reason. I know far too many people who've met similar fates.
I feel like someone pulled out an old photo album and showed me my embarrassing past.
Akihito: "......so you do have a grudge?"
Rondo: "Revenge. Gasai......Caesar killed my brother."
Rondo: "My brother was a connector. His coμ worked hard to expand the influence of Caesar's Legion, though Gasai probably never knew his name."
Anger. Resentment. Loss.Revenge isn't about filling the void left behind, but making someone else pay for creating it.
Rondo: "I'm sick of being told revenge is pointless. Whether my actions are meaningful is for me to decide. I will kill Caesar for my reasons, and no one else's."
The park is thoroughly calm this afternoon. It knows nothing about the tragedy at Takakura Station or Rondo's anger. The world shines with warm sunlight and a gentle breeze.
Rondo: "I am Rondo Rondo. I will not hesitate. I will not back down."
Rondo: "How could I give up after all this? If I don't finish it, then everyone I―――"
She stops herself, but it's too late. She was about to say "everyone I killed."
Akihito: "Rondo, you――――"
The air grows heavy. I poked the bush, and something much worse than a snake came out.
El-ahrairah is said to be invincible. She needs power to break through it.
No ordinary avatar can even get close to that silver war god. Not without a lot of power――
The avatar that shot him on the hill wasn't ordinary.
――You have to take power from somewhere else. That's the simplest way to solve the equation.
A high level avatar with lots of action points. That's determined by the number of lives you've taken away.
Akihito: "――――A coμ hunter?"
Rondo: "......good guess, comrade."
The red flower is dark, but blooming brightly.
Akihito: "It was you all along......"
Rondo: "Technically, no. The coμ hunters were an illusion. Just a rumor people made as other coμs started getting killed for no apparent reason."
Coμ hunters. A general term encompassing Karasuma Tetora, Hasekura Touri, and coμs like the one that killed Chikashige, as well as all the other unidentified killers.
It was all an illusion. A vague term for something that didn't really exist, because we couldn't understand it without naming it.
Rondo: "But the result is the same. I've slaughtered many coμs to make Miss Jh as strong as she is."
Rondo: "I didn't know who Caesar was, so I needed the power to defeat El-ahrairah head-on."
Rondo: "And now that I have it......I can't back down. Next time, Rondo Rondo will kill Caesar."
I have nothing to say to Rondo as she stands up.
A mother and child walk by.A pair of young siblings laugh and play in the grass. One of them bumps into Rondo.
Rondo: "Be careful, boy."
She ruffles his hair.A moment later, she stands tall like a lance, and the dark fire returns to her eyes.
Rondo: "I have a question too. What are you to Caesar?"
Akihito: "......just an acquaintance. We don't get along well."
Rondo: "If you get in my way, I will see you as an enemy. Remember that."
Akihito: "――If you kill El-ahrairah, Yoruko will die too."
A well-aimed arrow, targeting a chink in the armor.
Akihito: "You had the chance to kill her, Rondo Rondo. You could've killed Yoruko a while ago."
But if Yoruko died, Gasai would go into hiding――
It's easy to give a logical explanation like that.
But that's not it.
That night where we all had fun partying together couldn't have been a total lie. I pray that it wasn't.
Rondo: "All who stand in my way are enemies."
Rondo is unshaken, her target unchanged.
The red flower walks away.What used to be a vivid red flame looks like a river of blood now.
The park remains calm this afternoon. It knows nothing about the tragedy at Takakura Station or Rondo's anger.
The world still shines with warm sunlight and a gentle breeze.
====================T0300：カエサルの王国_0603.json====================
097 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:14:59
So we killed them all once we learned they were Antis.
098 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:15:00Wait, that fast? lolololololololol
099 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:15:21Mr. Serial Killer
100 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:15:33
Aren't the Antis just as bad? Kono-san and that guy are both crazy.
101 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:15:34
They are the ones who started it. It wasn't the monster on the highway, right?
102 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:15:34
Rumor has it that Caesar and Babylon took down that monster.
103 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:15:40
Didn't someone upload pictures of Caesar the other day?http://www.akatsukiworks.com/product/com/chara_gasai.html
104 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:15:44>>103He looks scary, lol
105 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:15:48>>102That's just your dream team
106 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:15:53
They're the ones who wiped out Jack the Ripper too, right? Getting pretty full of themselves for a bunch of newbies
107 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:16:05
I heard a rumor that the monster on the highway was part of some government plot to wipe out the Coμnet; anyone know if that's true?
108 ： Anonymous-sama：20XX/XX/XX(Wed) 14:16:14Just declare war already
―――Only the first three coμs were a challenge.
Rondo Rondo closes her eyes and focuses.
Everyone feels their connection to the avatar differently, but typically most connectors in a particular class share a few things in common.
Rondo is a Fighter, so she imagines the line from her to her avatar going through her forehead, right between her eyebrows.
From the roof, she coldly zeroes in on her fleeing target.
She stands up high, where she can see everything on the battlefield. That's a basic rule of avatar fights, but tonight's opponent is experienced.
They escaped from the alley she chased them into, and have been avoiding her line of sight ever since. She's been forced to rely on her avatar's senses.
Rondo is not very good at controlling her avatar from beyond visual range. She can only track the enemy with Iroha's help, since she's a Rogue.
She closes her eyes in order to cut off her natural senses and focus on the information from her avatar.
Rondo: "They're so stubborn, even though all they can do is run away."
Iroha: "Let me handle 'em, Rondo. We know Caesar's identity now. I'll play with the hors d'oeuvres. You need to get ready for the big fight."
Rondo: "Of course."
Rondo holds her head high.
Her forehead hurts, like a drill is sticking into it. She grinds her teeth. Her confidence isn't just attitude. Rondo Rondo never allows herself to wither.
Her avatar, Miss Jh, has a transformation ability.It can switch between "Jekyll" for close-range melees and "Hyde" for stealth attacks. That ability was the true secret of the "coμ hunters."
The survivors don't even know how they were attacked. Miss Jh's other form allows it to pass through solid objects, keeping itself hidden while destroying its enemies.
But everything has a downside.
Miss Jh puts a large burden on its connectors. On top of that, Rondo has leveled up as far as she can safely go to ensure she can fight Caesar.
These days, she feels pain every time she's loaded into it. Her brain screams, unable to fully support the avatar.
Iroha: "Here we go!"
She's hiding it, but Iroha can tell. She wants to finish the fight quickly, before it starts hurting Rondo.
Just a bit more. They have their dagger on Caesar's throat now.Her brother's fate drives her to make Caesar pay.
Rondo: "......no......not yet. Not until I've killed Caesar with my own hands―――"
She and her brother were very close.
Rondo was introverted as a child, and her brother supported her. In this kingdom, a little heretic like her would have broken a long time ago by herself.
He died suddenly, eight months ago.After the police called Rondo, she ran back to him, but she found a body that looked nothing like him.
Officially, it wasn't recorded as a group death, but she realized it had the same symptoms.
She looked as hard as she could, but there were no clues. She found posts on the internet about monster rumors, but none of them sounded plausible.
Then, half a year ago, Girl A appeared before Rondo. That opened the door to the truth.
Her brother was a connector.He was in one of the many coμs defeated by Caesar.
Rondo Rondo swore revenge.
Once she knew the dry, hopeless truth, all she had left was revenge.She didn't care about her own life anymore.
And yet―――
Defeating the champion El-ahrairah would take power. She needed to sacrifice many coμs, many connectors to make that happen.
She agonized over it.Desiring revenge and actually getting your hands dirty are very different things. Especially when you have to kill innocent people first.
El-ahrairah is peerless. Since no one knows who Caesar is, the only way to kill him is to defeat his avatar on the battlefield.
The reality is firm as steel.For her first target, she chose some weak beginners.
She found a coμ that carelessly put their personal information online, chased them down, and killed them when they summoned their avatar. It went better than she expected.
She heard about their group death on the news, and couldn't bear to eat for three days.
She killed five innocent people. That truth made her vomit several times.
She knew regret was meaningless, but late at night she would suddenly wake up screaming and sobbing. Then it hit her that doing that wouldn't undo anything, and she cried again.
The second time――
Smart coμs keep their identities secret.
There's no way to tell if someone's a connector or not, so she had to stick to careless idiots and beginners who didn't know any better.
It got better after the third time.
She thought less about "killing" them and more about "destroying" them. The fact remained that she was taking lives away, but since she never did it with her own hands she didn't feel much guilt.
And now she had a way of choosing targets.
Criminals. Beginner Killers. Crazy connectors on a rampage―――She made an effort to target coμs like that.
When "destroying" people who deserved to die, she found it easier to cope. She wiped out several more after that.
Every time she "destroyed" them, she got more used to it.And every time, she "destroyed" a part of herself.
She was afraid she might eventually become an unfeeling monster "destroying" people out of habit, but she couldn't stop now.
Now that she had power, she changed targets.Caesar's Legion.
If she defeats enough of the Legion, El-ahrairah will have to come out sooner or later.
The black flame was lit.She started tearing off Caesar's――Gasai's armor one piece at a time.
She knew it was twisted, but she couldn't stop herself from smiling.
Sweet revenge. Hollow and tasteless like sand, but endlessly sweet.
Rondo: "Knights of Caesar――Rondo Rondo will punish you for your master's sins."
The Legion's Burroughs moves. It floats in a peculiar way, hiding behind buildings and searching for Rondo.
But it's being hunted by Miss Jh.
Rondo and Iroha poured their blood, sweat, and tears into perfecting these magic steel shots.
Miss jH approaches it. After switching to Hyde mode, it closes in by moving through the ground underneath it.
Its shots in Hyde mode can pass through any substance. They're guaranteed to hit their enemy.
It gets into position and prepares to fire. At that moment――
Iroha: "――――!?"
Roaring noises and shockwaves fill Miss jH's senses. Iroha's vision fills with static, since she's sharing her avatar's vision.
The bullets rain down like a storm, scorching the area where Miss jH is hiding.
The shockwaves from the explosions make it obvious they don't mind attracting attention. They seem willing to change the geography if need be.
Iroha: "Rondo......this is bad, they were just bait!"
She clenches her fist in frustration. That lone Legion member wasn't acting carelessly, but luring them out. Bait for the "coμ hunters."
At least two new avatars have appeared.
Iroha: "Rondo, let's pull back. There's no point fighting this."
She dodges the real issue. The longer the fight goes on, the greater their disadvantage. Rondo will run out of stamina eventually.
Even if Miss JH remains intact, they can't let anyone learn about its power. Not until they can use it on El-ahrairah.
Rondo: "But――!"
Iroha: "Rondo, this isn't your battle. Rondo Rondo will bloom only when Caesar stands before us!"
Rondo: "......!"
Iroha: "We haven't lost. Our target is much bigger than those losers."
Rondo: "............okay. You're right, Iroha."
Rondo: "We've won so many times, I'm getting careless. This defeat is a valuable lesson. Soon Caesar will regret giving me the time to learn from it."
Rondo glances with irritation at the enemies below, and then leaves.
That writhing monster's name is "war." Or perhaps "disorder."
Other people are completely isolated from you. You can never understand them. Thus, we hold a latent fear towards all others.
Once the safety of law disappears, all that remains is an endless war between tens of thousands of people.
Kugura: "Konomi, you idiot......I told you to be more careful."
――Konomi, one of the Round Table Masters, is dead.――He was killed by an Anti-Round coμ called MacBeth.
This is the apartment that Kugura Koichi operates from. The major players in the militant side of the Round Table have all gathered here.
They all grimace. They just heard the news of Konomi's death. Kugura just barely stops himself from throwing the phone against a wall.
He doesn't care about Konomi, but the Round Table losing any further dignity would throw a wrench in his plans.
After what happened to Chikashige, the Coμnet has been lawless.
All standoffs have changed from conflicts into wars. The slightest event sets off a battle to the death. Once one side brings out their avatar, the other side has no choice but to respond in kind.
They've had reasons to fight for some time, so it didn't take much to push them over the edge.
Militant Faction Leader A: "Prince......"
Kugura's goal is to be king of the Coμnet. To make a castle in this kingdom other than the Round Table.
He's been preparing for that.
He wanted to make Caesar and the Anti-Rounds fight each other, then his militant faction could intervene after both sides were worn down.
And he would blame the last two years of grievances with the Round Table entirely on the other members.
He's been carefully moving his pawns to make that happen, but when the monster on the highway appeared, his plans started falling apart.
Militant Faction Leader B: "They also said that Caesar and Babylon defeated the monster on the highway."
Kugura: "Mizuwa......!"
He'd been planning on using Babylon to help take down El-ahrairah, but instead they helped make Caesar a hero.
Kugura: "Do we know where Caesar......where Gasai is?"
Militant Faction Leader B: "Not yet."
Kugura: "And the others?"
Militant Faction Leader A: "We're calling them, but given the situation, they're not all available......"
Kugura: "Konomi screwed up. He got caught up in a fight. If I lose any more of my pawns......"
Militant Faction Leader A: "What about Kamishiro? He was originally meant to do this anyway......"
Kugura: "He's out of town on a different assignment. Tsk! I would've kept him here if I knew this would happen. Why now of all times......"
His phone rings. The electric buzz disturbs the tense atmosphere as Kugura picks it up.
Militant Faction Leader C: "We're in trouble! Apparently the Round Table just had an emergency meeting――"
Kugura: "An emergency meeting? That can't be right. They haven't called me about――"
Militant Faction Leader C: "They had a meeting about you, Prince! They voted to remove you from the Table――"
Kugura: "No one told me about this! Not even David......are you absolutely sure that's what happened!?"
David was in Nanase's coμ, and Kugura's had control of him for some time. Normally he keeps Kugura up to date on everything the pacifist faction does.
Militant Faction Leader C: "No, I checked several times. They really did it. No mistakes."
Militant Faction Leader C: "Apparently someone found out about that drug deal, so they decided to do this before it went public."
Militant Faction Leader C: "So they got rid of you......based on that and your attempted coup d'etat of the Round Table......"
Kugura: "......they got me. Dammit, how did they hear about......"
They moved before he did.
Kugura financed his part of the Round Table by distributing a new drug in the heart of the city.
Now the Round Table will push the full responsibility of that onto him, as well as all the grievances the rest of the Coμnet has.
Militant Faction Leader A: "Lancelot......"
Kugura: "No, this isn't over yet. We have more combat strength. Get everyone here right away."
If the pacifists want to start playing rough, Kugura's happy to oblige.
After calming back down, Kugura dials a number he should've called right away.
A heat-seeking missile hits Kugura's apartment, burning up the room and everyone in it at eight hundred degree Celsius.
David: "――I see. Well done."
David: "Kugura's been taken care of."
In the building where the Round Table meets, a back room that used to be a guest room, but is now used as a waiting room.
David: "Nanase."
Nanase hangs her head. Her arms are folded as if in prayer, and her head leads against them in despair.
Nanase: "............will this......"
Just before David's fingers touch her shoulder, she shouts like a wind blowing from the depths of the Earth.
Nanase: "Will this......will this really...change anything? ......for the better............"
The emergency meeting wasn't about whether to remove Kugura, but how to punish him. His removal had already been decided, so they simply needed to dispose of him quickly. Kugura was two steps behind, not just one.
Nanase opposed it to the very end. It's true that Kugura had been acting illegally, but she insisted that didn't justify executing him.
David: "Then what should we have done?"
Nanase: "I......I don't know, but......"
She was asked the same question when Chikashige died. She didn't have an answer then either.
David: "Kugura knows a lot about the Round Table. His faction has a lot of powerful avatars. And his objective was to take over the Round Table."
David: "I understand how you feel, Nanase. You're so kind. I have faith in you, just as I do in the gods."
David: "But there are problems in the world that kindness alone can't solve. If we let Kugura live, he would've fought a war with us, and the Round Table would've been destroyed forever."
David: "What do you think that would do to the Coμnet?"
He takes Nanase's hand and tries to convince her. Kugura's death was the smallest sacrifice that could be made to avoid the Coμnet's destruction.
Nanase: "I......but...but......"
David: "Listen, Nanase. Kugura knew everything about us. There were a lot of people in that apartment we couldn't afford to leave alive."
Nanase: "Don't......say things like that......David."
David: "Sorry, I went too far. But this had to be done. Do you understand?"
After a long pause, Nanase finally nods, like an empty mannequin.
David: "Don't give up on me now. We still have things to do. Once Kugura's evils are publicized, I'll have to retire, and that will make you the leader of the Round Table."
Nanase: "But...I can't...do...anything like......"
David: "The others already agreed, remember? We need you to symbolize the Round Table and bring peace back to the Coμnet."
David: "No one but you can do that, Nanase."
David: "And we still have to meet Caesar later. I'll be there with you. I'm always on your side."
Nanase: "Ha, hi! ......uu, uuu! D-David......David......"
David holds Nanase lovingly as she clings to his chest.
David: "Now, wipe your tears. Cheer up. We have to head back. Everyone's waiting for their new leader."
Nanase redoes her makeup to hide the tears, then heads back into the hall as if someone's pulling her on a leash.
Semimaru Kururi is in the city.
Goodwill and malice can happen at any time of day.Sanity and madness can also happen at any time of day.
She sits down on a sidewalk fence. Kururi is short and cute when she isn't talking.
She waves her legs back and forth and tugs on a strap with the Acceptor logo to pull out her phone. She spins it around and opens it.
Everything is about gathering information. Information is language. The city, the people, their actions, the whole world is made of language.
Kururi: "The 25th is Kitty Day. Give milk to your friendly neighborhood stray cat and it might bring you luck."
Kururi: "......"
Kururi: "Aaah, you're no fun, King. Kururi-chan's sad now."
Kururi: "Yeah, yeah, something like that. It's pretty much what you expected."
Kururi: "No matter how hard they work and work and work, the rich ones just watch them and take it all away afterward."
Kururi: "Yeah, yeah, David-chan did pretty well with the information we gave him."
Kururi: "Probably talking to their new leader. They might as well surrender now."
Kururi: "Well, Kururi-chan has tons of grudges against D-chan, so I'll get him back for it at some point."
Kururi: "Yes, yeees, if you need anything else don't hesitate to call Super Detective Kururi-chan."
The detective is an observer. A populist. She devours the misfortunes and agonies of others. She wouldn't be able to live otherwise.
There's a single vapor trail in the sky. A white line running diagonally across a sky they'll never reach.
Kururi: "Aki-chan, are you doing okay?"
For some reason, she remembers a kouhai she hasn't seen a while.
====================T0310：カゴメの変調_0603.json====================
Kagome: "Wake up, Akihito. Wake up――"
Morning. 6 AM. Kagome wakes me up.
Akihito: "......mornying......"
Kagome: "Time for breakfast."
She says in an irritatingly normal tone.
Akihito: "You should at least sound a little different after all that."
Kagome: "If you think making a serious face all day will improve the situation, you should open up your head and dig out the filth inside, Akihito."
The fact that she's right is also irritating.
Kagome and I eat breakfast.
We leave the TV off and eat our food. The sounds of utensils, chewing, and swallowing. We proceed mechanically.
Kagome could be a professional cook. Her food should be delicious, but I feel like I'm chewing sand.
Akihito: "You made a lot today."
Kagome: "Too much. You eat it all, Akihito."
Kagome eats voraciously.
Her appearance is enchanting. Her back is straight, and her chopsticks move gracefully. If I didn't know her, I'd assume she was from some rich family.
But I do know her. Kagome is a real-life princess.
In Takakura City, the Hinaoris owned a huge amount of land. Everyone in real estate had to know about them. 
Akihito: "......there was a lot yesterday too."
It's just us two, but she made a lot. We can't eat all of this ourselves.
Kagome: "I made too much."
Akihito: "............"
Benio: "No, no, allies of justice have to put their hands together. Come on, everyone together now......thanks for the food!"
Mayuki: "You'll never be a top-tier protagonist like that. You're only one step away from living a gorgeous eroge life with your bloodthirsty childhood friend."
Kagome: "If you keep holding that bowl while spacing out, you'll drop it."
My mind wandered.
Akihito: "Yeah."
There are a lot of things you don't notice until you lose them.
I've experienced this loss before, but I keep reliving it.
I don't realize it until it's already over. It always slips out of my hands.
At least it wasn't anything huge.
Little things, fragile things, transient delusions, fairy tales like glass castles......
I loved it so much.
Akihito: "......!"
Something starts rising up, but I resist it.
Akihito: "*munch* *munch*"
I dig into my food. I sniff as I eat, but I get through all the remaining food.
I need energy.
Kagome quickly clears the table and goes into the kitchen.
Akihito: "Owww......*cough!*"
My stomach is heavy. I clearly ate too much, but I need the energy to move.
Akihito: "......can't fight on an empty stomach."
The question is, where do I start――
Akihito: "Hey, what are you......"
Kagome collapses, like a plate falling to the floor and breaking.
Akihito: "......what happened?"
Kagome: "Just a day fever――"
Akihito: "No one calls it that anymore."
I pick up Kagome and carry her to the bed. She's tall, and her chest is fairly heavy, but she still doesn't feel that different from other girls.
She doesn't look so good. No fever. A little sweat.She isn't getting chills or anything.
Kagome: "I want peaches."
Akihito: "......I'll get them, but first you need to throw up whatever's doing this to you. What happened just now?"
Kagome: "My throat dried up. Very quickly. Just now."
Akihito: "............"
I get a sports drink out of the fridge for the selfish witch.I pour it into the glass.
Akihito: "Drink this, then throw up. Any idea what it is?"
Kagome: "Mouth-to-mouth."
Akihito: "..................it'd be bad if anyone found out."
Kagome: "Last night you forced me down despite my resistance and french kissed all over my mouth and even made me drink your saliva."
Akihito: "Gyaaa!"
My hesitation comes back as a lethal wound!
Akihito: "J-j-j-j-j-just drink it already!"
Kagome: "............stop stuttering."
Kagome doesn't move. Before I can call her a selfish witch, I notice something. A subtle change. One you'd never see if you weren't used to looking at her.
――Distress.
Akihito: "..................can you move at all?"
Kagome: "Judging from past experience, I should recover after half a day at most."
It takes all the courage I have to ask.Her indirect agreement makes my legs shake.
Kagome: "It's a temporary loss of brain functionality. Normally I only lose one hand, but this time my limbs are all paralyzed. I've been overusing it lately."
Sting―――
Merely connecting to a normal avatar exhausts your brain over time. It's only natural that being connected to a monster like that does significant damage.
Akihito: "Overused? ......but you've......this has never......"
My thoughts stop.
―――Sometimes, Kagome disappeared without warning.―――Anywhere from two days to a week.
Akihito: "......I guess it did happen......why didn't you say anything......?"
Kagome: "The medicine......is in my bag. The supplements."
I take out a big, unlabeled bottle of medicine.
The diet supplements Kagome likes to eat.So this is medicine from Kajou's researchers.
Akihito: "......is this medicine all you need?"
A cold smile answers me.If it was that simple, she'd have figured out the ingredients and started making it herself.
Kagome and Sting need more power than that. Any weapon capable of destroying entire countries needs a great deal of delicate maintenance.
Kagome: "Give me one."
Akihito: "Here."
I take one out and put it on the corner of her mouth. She turns away. 
Akihito: "......what?"
Kagome: "Don't be rude. This is perfectly normal in these situations."
Akihito: "How can you be so bossy when you can't even move......"
Kagome: "I want my medicine, and my throat's dry."
Akihito: "............has this been happening to you the whole time?"
Kagome: "Hmph."
I push the question, but she's indifferent.That makes it even more obvious.
When she killed Soejima. When she saved me at school. When she saved us from the BKs. And other times, when I didn't see it――Over and over again.
Kagome: （Pretty girl guardian――）
I thought that was just a bad joke, but Kagome really has been protecting me this entire time.
Long before we promised to protect each other.
Hinaori Kagome knew all about this.
She knew Takakura City was an experiment, with several avatars and connectors.
Deathtraps lay everywhere. There was no end to people who lost themselves and got drunk on their newfound power.
―――Which is why......
Ignorance easily breeds destruction.If you step on a land mine without knowing what it is, you're done for.
Kagome has always been by my side.
Sting―――The steel legend that appears without reason.
It wasn't unreasonable or arbitrary after all.
Sting flew up and killed to protect us because we didn't know what we were doing. 
I laugh at my own stupidity. I never saw any of this.
My childhood friend is paying the price for my cluelessness.Every time she connects, it chips away at her body and mind.
Akihito: "......I'm an idiot, but you're just as bad."
She's always been arrogant, selfish, narcissistic, stubborn, impossible to reason with, unwilling to show weakness, and afraid of making friends.
Kagome: "Hearing that from you shocks me, Akihito. I feel like a dog."
Akihito: "Just swallow your medicine."
Kagome: "Hmph."
......she turns away selfishly.
I give up and put the pill in my own mouth. I put my hand on her jaw......
Akihito: "......umm, Kagome-san."
Kagome: "What?"
Akihito: "......don't look embarrassed when I'm doing this."
She's not resisting, but her eyes keep looking elsewhere.I keep telling myself the redness in her cheeks is just my imagination.
Kagome: "I want my medicine, and my throat is dry."
I drink some water, then put my lips to hers.
Kagome: "......uu......nn, u......nuu......!"
Different from last time. Before I yearned for and devoured her, but this time we touch gently, seeking each other.
Our breathing and swallowing are the only noises in this tranquil space.The heat from our lips makes me dizzy.
I want to keep touching her forever.If only we could keep melting together......
But――
Other people are completely isolated from you.Families, lovers, rivals, they're never truly connected.Words can never perfectly convey what's in our hearts.
I know we're all truly alone, but feeling Kagome's heat puts part of me at ease.
I give a small part of my domain to someone different, beyond my understanding.
Even though other people always bring fear, conflict, and foolishness......
Part of me wants those things.
It wants the dream, the fairy tale that our hearts are actually connected.
Kagome: "Huu."
I move away.Her breath is strangely erotic when our lips part, possibly on purpose.
Akihito: "Now get some rest. You'll recover on your own, right?"
Kagome: "What about school?"
Akihito: "I'm skipping. I can't leave you here like this."
I didn't want to go anyway. I have lots of other things to do.
Akihito: "I'll be in the living room."
Kagome: "Akihito, you sit there."
She glances to the desk in the corner.
Akihito: "......okay, I'll stay there."
I never imagined Hinaori Kagome sleeping quietly before.
Kagome's always high-and-mighty, never looking back, never listening to others, unbreaking, unrelenting, like a single sharp blade――
Loss of brain functionality.I pull the sheets up over the defenseless witch's chest and sit down at the desk.
Kagome: "......Akihito."
Akihito: "What is it? Do you need something else? I'll get the peaches later."
She fidgets. Only her face can move. She looks like a first-year student trying to write a love letter to her senpai.
Akihito: "............that is so not like you."
Kagome: "............"
She stares at me.
Akihito: "What? If you have something to say, just say it. This isn't like you."
Kagome: "..................I need to go to the bathroom."
Akihito: "............................................................"
The world is full of unfairness.
====================T0315：マクベスの来訪_0603.json====================
Kagome recovers after half a day, by the time the sun sets.
Akihito: "Are you sure you're okay?"
I grimace, but the witch smiles with contempt as if nothing happened.
Kagome: "I'm fine. This isn't the first time it's happened. If you keep doubting me, I'll start wanting to test your durability, Akihito."
Akihito: "No you won't!"
We return home after some shopping. We couldn't go earlier since Kagome was in bed. We got enough food and household supplies to last us a while, and some peaches.
In front of our apartment building. The sun has set, so there aren't many people outside now.
As we walk up to the front door......
―――Something feels off.
A tall shadow passes in front of me. It's crushing several used cigarettes with its foot.
???: "A man with a long-haired chick......you......you're Mizuwa, right?"
The man sounds like he's been waiting ages.
Bad manners and an immodest gaze. He could be a host with his looks, but he's dangerous. He smiles slightly, showing his back teeth and giving off the smell of deadly violence.
Akihito: "Who might you be? We're a little busy carrying this stuff, but we could come back down to talk."
???: "This won't take long. I'm just......trying to kill some time. Have some fun with me, playboy."
It comes before I can answer.
Kagome: "Akihito, get back!"
A maddening metallic noise wipes out Kagome's shout.
Akihito: "――――!?"
Countless lances fly towards me. Steel bars falling down from above. They embed themselves in the ground in front of me, as if drawing a line between us.
The rusting metal bars form a fence in the asphalt. They look as if they were just dragged out of a factory.
???: "Come on, don't fall asleep on me. We're just getting started. Next time you make that face―――You'll be dead."
Every shot coming towards us is metal.Countless beams, fences, antennas, and some indistinct metal blobs.
Each of those metal projectiles is different, but they come at us with the speed of a machine gun's bullets. Any one of them could easily plow through a human.
Akihito: "Kagome!!!"
The next round of shots carries a clear bloodlust.They're targeting Kagome, not me.
Inorganic rain. The calm road, the walls, the houses all break apart instantly, as if hit by artillery.
A black shadow dances in the rising cloud of dust.The witch's black hair flutters as she slips through the rain of metal.
She backs up ten meters in a single breath, completely evading a shower of steel. There's a reason Kagome is called the black witch.
???: "You too!!"
A giant shadow crosses the starry sky.Enormous claws and two legs. Four meters tall.
It's hard to believe something so huge was clinging to the side of our apartment building like a gecko.
The giant beast leaps from the wall, over our heads. Its dinosaur-like legs land in front of me, blocking my way, as if to say this is the edge of the world.
???: "You have one too, don't you? Or was that all bluffing? Have some fun with me. Come on, get it out. Or else―――You're finished."
The size of the beast almost makes me dizzy.
A Georgios――
There's no question. This man is a connector.
The dinosaur's legs kick the rubble. Pieces of concrete fly at me like bullets.
One grazes me. The pain and impact resemble getting hit by a hammer.
I pick myself back up, and open my eyes to see the dragon holding up its sharp crescent claws.
One swing of those could tear any human apart. It's so big it could simply step on me, but it's going out of its way to use weapons.
He's not doing that out of overconfidence.―――He's trying to force me to summon my avatar.
Akihito: 　　　　　　"――――Come, Babylon!!!"
I know it's what he wants, but I have to do it.The blue light swells up in front of me, as if to block the enemy dragon.
The mad dragon's claws fall down toward me, but the pitch-black dragon rises out of the deep blue sea and stops them.
???: "Ha! Haha! This is more like it! I don't know if you're both connected to it, but you're clearly missing some people――And yet you can still defend against "MacBeth!""
Claws grind against each other. The sound of our weapons gnawing at each other makes the man laugh with joy.
Crushing bugs won't satisfy him.He only gets joy from battles that take real effort to win.
His claws inch closer like a guillotine's blade. It's overpowering Babylon.
The rest of his coμ must be hiding nearby. The number of connectors is more important than the avatar's raw strength. Since I'm the only one here, Babylon has no hope of winning through brute force.
???: "Aaah, is that all you've got? If that's it, then this was a big waste of my time. Enough, just die already, black dragon."
The one attack I couldn't evade hurt more than I thought.My head is shaking. My vision is wavering. My knees are aching. My external injuries are minor, but I might have a mild concussion.
Akihito: "............!"
The dragon's claws push toward me. Death closes in, but I can't run away.
Kagome: "――――Be gone, worm."
Kagome's bloodlust is sharper than the dragon's claws.
Kagome: "He is mine. Only I am allowed to kick, trample, or kill Akihito. I'm going to count down from three, worm. It's up to you whether you die or not."
???: "You're the one who needs to get lost. Or do you want me to kill you now? Ha!"
Kagome: "Two."
The witch ignores the man's laughter and starts counting.
Kagome: "One."
The man doesn't know. Kagome has a weapon.A flawless blade that judges all enemies and their weapons.
Akihito: "Stop, Kagome!!!"
She doesn't listen.
Kagome: 　　　　　　　"――――Come to me, Sting."
The witch's spell forms words.A line of steel answers her as falling lightning.A sharp, graceful blade of metallic chrome.
There's no gate light because it's being summoned from high in the sky. Even if he knew that, he'd have no way of knowing her avatar was capable of doing it.
A flash―――
The dragon's right arm flies across the bright, shining moon overhead.It was cut off at the base without a sound.
???: "What......the hell!?"
That arm falls to the ground with a heavy sound, but our eyes are drawn to the beautiful steel blade floating silently beside the dragon.
An object that can only be described as a blade.A flawless piece of steel with no unnecessary adornments.The legendary Sting―――Hinaori Kagome's avatar.
Kagome: "Die."
Her proclamation is terse.Like a tyrant executing his servants, Kagome orders the "legend" to execute him.
???: "That's, it can't be――――A blade avatar......no way! Is this......Sting!?"
The man's expression is nearing a climax as Sting approaches his dragon.
???: "Ha, hyaha, hahahahaha! This is awesome! I wasn't expecting to catch a fish this big! So......you're Sting's connector!?"
???: "All right, legend. I've dreamed of this......the ultimate party! Come on, MacBeth, let's devour them!!!!"
MacBeth, the mad king. The dragon bearing his name roars, forgets about Babylon, and focuses its attention on the "legend."
Kagome: "―――Pierce him, Sting!!"
Without hesitation, Sting flies.
A godlike speed that nothing can avoid.MacBeth was never going to try. It stands firm to block the attack.
Invisible force gathers in front of MacBeth. Babylon's senses can detect it. Magnetism.
That's how it launched so much metal at us before. MacBeth controls magnetism, just as Babylon controls gravity.
No matter how sharp Sting may be, it can't cut through an immaterial shield of magnetism.
If MacBeth can survive that first strike, it can target Sting's weak point next. Its human connector. If it kills Kagome, even the "legend" will be destroyed.
But―――
Sting touches MacBeth's shield.
No sparks. Not a moment's delay. The flawless blade keeps moving forward.
???: "――――!?"
Logic can't explain it. Before him stands the witch and her sublime blade. Human fairy tales mean nothing before the power of Sting.
Humans can never beat the witch, and the world can never beat Sting.
Steel judgment flies without a sound.Only wind and angry cries remain after it passes through.
It surpasses the speed of sound without even creating a sonic boom.An incomprehensible phenomenon.
MacBeth stands still, but Babylon gets up and shoves it aside.
MacBeth falls to the ground, destroying more of the street. It tries to get back up, but it writhes in vain. The mad dragon has now lost both arms and legs.
Sting cut off the left side of MacBeth with one swing. If Babylon hadn't intervened, it would've been cut right down the middle.
???: "You......damn you!! MacBeth―――!!!"
The mad dragon is on its last legs, but it still tries to obey its master's orders.
Sting gradually changes direction, preparing to finish off the dying sinner.
Akihito: "Stop, Kagome, you've already won!"
???: "Wait!!!"
Someone else tries to stop her.She walks out in front of the defeated MacBeth.
―――Yoshimori Minato.
Yoshimori: "Sorry......this is my fault. You helped me, Mizuwa, and now we're causing trouble for you."
Even if they got rid of their avatar, the fight left a lot of obvious damage. People are already starting to notice, even though it's the middle of the night.
A lot of information about the Takakura Station tragedy has been leaked, so many people online see the existence of mysterious monsters as an established fact.
The police and fire departments are running wild too.I take Yoshimori into my apartment so we can talk undisturbed.
The man controlling MacBeth, Nishiogi, talked briefly to Yoshimori.He agreed to back off for now, and threw Kagome a look of hatred before walking away.
I patch myself up in the living room while Yoshimori explains.Lately, I've been getting new scratches and bruises every day.
Akihito: "......you said his name was Nishiogi, right? Are you two friends?"
Yoshimori Minato――
I helped her back when she got into trouble with drug dealers. She doesn't look as sickly as before, but she looks even more afraid now.
Akihito: "Don't tell me you're............"
Yoshimori: "Yes, I met Girl A."
An ironic twist of fate. Yoshimori was freed from drugs, only to be bound by new chains. Or perhaps power.
Kagome: "Turn around. I'll check you."
Akihito: "I think my back's fine......
gyawa!"
She pulls my ear.Kagome takes my shirt off and checks my back in front of Yoshimori. This is strangely embarrassing.
Akihito: "......so how was any of that your fault?"
Yoshimori: "I'm the one who told him you're a connector......"
Yoshimori: "I heard rumors that those drug dealers were killed by a dragon-like monster......at first I assumed they were tripping, but......"
Akihito: "Then you met Girl A yourself."
Yoshimori nods, still looking down.
Yoshimori: "......that was you. Right, Mizuwa? It was your......Babylon, I think? That's the one that killed them, isn't it?"
Izawa did it. He's the one who sent Babylon into their hideout.
Yoshimori: "I wasn't even sure if you were a connector......much less that Babylon was your avatar......"
A stiff smile.
There are a lot of legends about Babylon. We earned fame by defeating Fuchur and Jack the Ripper. A dark hero.
Akihito: "I still don't understand what that was about."
Yoshimori: "Right, our leader, the man you saw outside......he's leading a bunch of the Anti-Rounds now."
Akihito: "Leading? ......he didn't seem like the type for politics."
Nishiogi. MacBeth's connector. He reeks of violence, fitting for an avatar named after the mad king. He seems like he'd rather run rampant than plan out his actions.
Yoshimori: "It's not that complicated. Someone attacked first. Someone lost most of their coμ. So we got revenge for them. It's basically a turf war."
Yoshimori: "You probably know about this, but we're fighting the Round Table right now, and everyone says we need more help......then I let slip that you might be a connector......"
Yoshimori: "Nishiogi said he wanted to test you......"
Yoshimori lowers her shoulders apologetically, so I feel the need to say something.
Akihito: "I didn't get hurt, don't sweat it."
Kagome: "Guys like that should be disposed of immediately. They're like beasts. Illogical. Satisfied as long as they get their fangs into you. Riffraff incapable of proving their worth except through fighting."
The witch's inappropriate comment makes Yoshimori shrink further.
I'm glad I pushed MacBeth aside during that fight.
Kagome didn't kill them, and Yoshimori didn't die.
Akihito: "......but that means......you're here to ask us for help? He really didn't seem like he was here to scout us."
Only in shounen manga do people become friends after beating each other up.
Yoshimori: "Yeah, he's always like that."
Akihito: "......you have terrible luck with men."
It's so sad, it's not even funny.
Yoshimori: "By the way, if you don't mind me asking......whose side are you on, Mizuwa?"
Akihito: "I just help any girls I......
gokyu!"
A fist digs into my side from somewhere I can't see.
Kagome: "A day fever? We should get that checked."
Akihito: "N-no, I'm perfectly fine......"
Yoshimori: "......that's so like you, Mizuwa."
This time she smiles bitterly.
Kagome: "You always get complimented on your stupidity. Good thing you never tire of it."
Akihito: "......I am sick of it."
Yoshimori: "Umm, there's probably going to be a big fight soon, so......umm......if you don't want any part of it, Mizuwa, you should probably leave Takakura City."
Yoshimori stands up. I can tell she's saying goodbye.
Akihito: "......what about you?"
Yoshimori: "I'm......well, Nishiogi's already made up his mind."
The rules of a coμ. Yoshimori can't run away even if she wants to.
Yoshimori: "So......I want to at least see it through to the end."
Akihito: "―――Are you sure about this?"
If she asks for my help, what should I do?I don't have an answer, but I can't help asking myself.
Yoshimori: "Mizuwa......you helped me out last time, so this time I want to handle it myself. I won't trouble you again. I'll tell Nishiogi to leave you alone."
A narrow smile that looks forced. She feels like she's on the verge of breaking, but she does mean what she says.If she can't run away, she'll have to fight.
Not long ago, when she was drowning in addiction, Yoshimori had given up and was just going with the flow. But now......
Yoshimori: "Besides, even if you did come help me, Nishiogi would probably start a fight with you."
She smiles for real this time.
Yoshimori: "By the way, I used to think the world was full of terrible people, who only ever thought about how to take advantage of me."
Akihito: "......isn't that true?"
Yoshimori: "Huhu......maybe. Maybe it is."
Her shoulders shake, as if she really found that funny.
Yoshimori: "A lot's happened......and most of it bad, but I don't think I should give up yet."
Yoshimori: "As long as I'm alive, things might turn around someday."
Yoshimori: "The world may be full of bad people, and maybe I can't fix that or run away from it......but still......"
Yoshimori: "Once in a while, there's a particularly dumb idiot......who'll try to help people in trouble......"
Yoshimori: "And that makes me feel like......it's worth giving my all just a little bit longer."
Akihito: "........................"
Yoshimori......
Yoshimori: "I should get going. My coμ's waiting. Mizuwa, Hinaori, goodbye. And......don't tell Ayaya or Benio about me."
Akihito: "I won't say a word. If Ayaya asks, I'll say you've moved to the countryside until the city's safe again."
Yoshimori: "Thank you. Bye."
Like last time, Yoshimori's farewell was short and simple.
====================T0318：カゴメとの約束.json====================
Yoshimori leaves. The room goes quiet with just me and Kagome.
We turn on the TV. Some variety shows and dramas are on right now, as usual. I switch to a local channel. It's showing ads for an idol CD.
Akihito: "This is Mayuki, right?"
Yuuna's second single, on sale now!
Kagome: "Very frilly."
Akihito: "Well, those are her stage clothes."
I check Kagome's arms and legs. She has a lot of wounds, but they're all minor. She can move around just fine.
Kagome: "............what are you doing?"
Kagome sits on one side of the sofa, her gaze freezing cold.
Akihito: "An evil witch once told me that the world will always devolve into war."
Kagome: "If you keep dodging your dere dere childhood friend's affections, you'll trip on the stairs at school and break your neck."
No doubt she'd be the one pushing me down them. She tugs on my cheek.
Akihito: "Ow, ow, ow."
Kagome: "Did your mother never teach you to answer people when they talk to you?"
Akihito: "Let go of me first!"
Kagome: "Ha, weakling."
Kagome's so domineering today that I can't believe she was so meek back on the hill.
Kagome: "Let me warn you, Akihito. Don't do anything. Don't move. Just sleep."
Her eyes are serious, looking down on me like a guillotine.
Akihito: "......I can't stay quiet after this."
So I try to sound equally serious.
Kagome: "Stay quiet about what? The System? What I did to Soejima?"
Akihito: "......everything."
I don't know how else to say it.
Akihito: "Everything you and they have done......I can't just sit here and ignore it."
The world is dizzyingly fast, and no one person can ever keep up with it.My hands never reach anyone in time.
But so what――?I can't just do nothing forever.
Kagome: "You think there's something you can do?"
The witch flicks my forehead. It hurts.
Kagome: "Soejima's story is over. She showed her avatar in public, and it's impossible to cover that up. The Coμnet is going mad. But―――"
Kagome: "Akihito, you can't rely on your own avatar anymore. You've split up from the other four connectors, so it's just a piece of junk now."
Kagome: "The world is moved not by logic, ambition, love or hatred, but violence. There's no way for you to change this situation empty-handed."
Kagome: "So get over it and stay put."
The ridiculing smile vanishes from her face. 
Akihito: "......will that solve anything?"
Kagome: "I'll protect you."
Her words are so clear and direct I might have fallen for her on the spot if I was a woman.
Kagome: "The Coμnet conflicts will die out eventually. Odds are Gasai will win. The System will abandon its plan soon. There's nothing you can or should do, Akihito."
Kagome: "Regardless of the outcome, I will protect you. So stay here and don't do anything dangerous."
Akihito: "Do you really think you can convince me that easily, childhood friend?"
Kagome: "No――"
Thus, Kagome stands up without a sound.
Kagome: "So I'll force you."
Akihito: "......you can punch and kick, but my mind is made up."
Kagome: "Why would I waste time doing that? I'll break your arms and legs, tie you to the bed, and give you a fellatio."
She might actually do that.
Akihito: "......I regret it."
Kagome: "Letting Soejima die?"
Akihito: "Making you kill her."
Kagome makes a face I don't see often. Puzzlement.
Akihito: "I couldn't stop Soejima. I couldn't save her. I just watched her die."
Akihito: "But......if there was no way to save her, I should've killed her. I was the one trying to save her, so I should've been the one to end it."
Akihito: "In the end, I couldn't do anything, and I forced you to do it for me. Just like with Yoshimori."
I'm such a complete idiot that I can't help but laugh. I always make her protect me.
Kagome: "I survived the "war.""
The witch looks down on me with a dreadful presence.
The sole survivor of the war five years ago――The Omnipotent.
Kagome: "You probably don't know how easy it is to kill."
Kagome: "I have killed, and killed, and killed, until no one was left."
Kagome: "Connectors, avatars, humans. I killed as many as I had to until I got sick of it. One or two more at this point wouldn't make a difference."
Akihito: "......but you're my friend."
It's not logical. It's not even an explanation.I don't want to let Hinaori Kagome spill any more blood, as stupid as that is.
Kagome: "That means nothing."
She spits out the words as if she's fed up with me.
Akihito: "......I screwed up a long time ago, before coming back here."
Kagome: "When I wasn't around? You always do that. Every time I take my eyes off you, you get yourself into trouble somehow."
Akihito: "It wasn't trouble. It was just a stupid, clumsy mistake."
――I remember the red color.
Under the blue sky, I met a "death goddess" who had crossed the edge of a gray world of despair.
She taught me that death has no reason.She taught me that death has no meaning.
That only will and action can change the world.
Akihito: "I killed a man. The robber that killed my mother......"
She gave me a suggestion, and power――
I look at the desk in my bedroom. The top drawer is locked.That's where I keep her knife.
That "death goddess"――She never told me her name, but she gave me that inorganic knife, with a polished blade and a simple grip.
Akihito: "He was a minor......stuff happened, and they let him off easy......I couldn't stand it, or forgive him......so I......"
Kagome: "I see."
She sounds like she's brushing my story aside, but for some reason that's comforting.
Akihito: "The police didn't catch me."
Akihito: "But, after a while......"
Woman: （―――You murderer.）
A woman I'd never met turned out to be the robber's sister. She shouted at me, blaming me for his murder.
She had no proof. She probably just needed someone to blame.A reason why her brother had been taken away from her.
Kagome: "What happened to her?"
Akihito: "She committed suicide."
The metal bridge. An outdated cell phone playing a piano sonata. A dying message it recorded. The last voice it heard was dry and tasteless, like sand.
Woman: （―――You murderer.）
The woman didn't kill me, but killed herself in despair.
The woman jumped off the bridge and died, forming a red flower on the white stone below.
My own will and action came back to me, bringing pain and tragedy with them.
I might as well have killed her myself.My actions brought about the death of someone I didn't know.
It burned into my heart as a curse.
Akihito: "......that's why I came back here."
Akihito: "I acted rashly, without knowing what I was doing, and when the consequences slapped me in the face, I couldn't even move."
We can't even reach each other's hearts.The kingdom we call our world is an endless prison.
We're connected, like badly made dominoes.
I had to kill in order to live. If I hadn't, my heart would've stayed dead, and eventually my body would have died too.
It's easy to forgive. Just forget, close your eyes and tell yourself it couldn't be helped. If you can't manage that, the only other option is fighting it.
Even if it means making the world itself your enemy.But―――
Akihito: "―――"
What's done is done. Even if my memory fades and it's never recorded anywhere, I can't erase the past itself.
I couldn't run away from it, but I tried. The truth followed me wherever I went. I tried to be alone, afraid of becoming connected――
I was thinking such stupid things.
Kagome: （Akihito――）
That day, when Kagome and I crossed paths on the footbridge.
If I hadn't seen her that day, I'd probably still be closing myself off from the world, rusting away in a corner.
Human relationships. Threads crossing the world.
――A prison of chains that can't be severed.
Akihito: "......if I'm going to screw up either way, I'll struggle to the end. I might get a chance to do something at the last minute."
Kagome: "――In that case......"
Akihito: "First, Rondo. That idiot is the coμ hunter."
Kagome: "......does she want revenge against Caesar? What a stupid girl."
The witch understands things very quickly.
Akihito: "First, we stop Rondo. We can't let her kill any more coμs or exact her revenge."
Revenge has meaning. It allows you to move forward.
I know that better than anyone, but I'm going to force my opinion onto Rondo.
Akihito: "Then we put an end to this war and the experiment."
Kagome: "Stopping the experiment won't improve the situation."
Akihito: "I know that, but I have a score to settle. And we can't really focus on school with all this fighting going on."
Kagome: "Says the truant."
Akihito: "And finally――You."
Kagome: "What about me?"
Akihito: "......MacBeth's proposal earlier."
Kagome: "What's wrong with it?"
I glare at her face, but I can't find a single change in the witch's complexion.
Akihito: "......you saved me. I would've died without you. Crazy people like him shouldn't exist in real life."
Nishiogi and MacBeth. A violent, beastly man.
In modern Japan he'd be considered abnormal, an outsider, but right now the Coμnet wants people like him.
What's right and wrong depends on the situation. In combat, no one will praise you for mercy or virtue.
Kagome: "It seems you might finally have gained the intelligence needed to express gratitude."
Akihito: "Why the "might?""
Kagome: "You never know for sure what others are thinking."
I reach out and grab Kagome's arm. It's shocking how slender they are, considering she can kill any normal man in an instant.
Kagome: "You're hurting my wrist."
Akihito: "......nothing's hurting today, right?"
Kagome: "No."
Kagome warned Nishiogi―――Then counted down. Normally, Kagome would never give a warning. She would just attack and kill.
Akihito: "That first attack――You didn't intend to miss, did you?"
She answers with silence.
Four hundred and twenty thousand action points. Even the witch can't control Sting all by herself. It's like a nuclear reactor connected directly to her brain.
Akihito: "......do not use Sting anymore."
Kagome: "I refuse."
Akihito: "Promise me. Never connect to it again."
Akihito: "It won't just paralyze you! That thing should've stampeded years ago! No matter how strong you are, you can't keep using it!"
Akihito: "It could explode at any time. It might annihilate you the next time you connect to it!!"
Stampede――When a connector kills too many people with its avatar, the dead get their revenge. The enormous increase in action points overpowers the connector's will.
Kagome: "So what if it does?"
Akihito: "Listen to me, dammit! It'll break you! That's worse than death!!"
Kagome: "The same as Nomad."
I feel like she's digging into wounds that haven't healed yet.The drug they gave Soejima Hisoka effectively made her stampede.That's technically inaccurate, but it hardly matters.
Kagome: "I promise to protect you."
Kagome: "No matter what it takes, or what I lose in exchange. I will kill as many as I need to, be it a thousand or a million."
Her eyes look straight at me, shooting through my heart. Aaah......
This must be the witch's magic.
She's had me under her spell ever since we first met in that white castle on the hill.
Akihito: "Don't forget our promise."
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "If you forgot it, let me say it again."
I take a deep breath, so I can say this clearly.
Akihito: "We are partners. That means we stick together until the end, no matter what happens."
Akihito: "From now on, I'll protect you, just as you've been protecting me."
Akihito: "I will protect you. No matter what. No one's taking you away from me. Not the death goddess, not the System, and not Sting."
Akihito: "I'm never letting go of you."
Akihito: "So I'm not going to let you be a selfish idiot and get yourself killed."
The silence feels long, but it's probably under a minute.
Kagome: "...............really?"
A small whisper.I expected her to call me a stupid man as usual, but instead her body leaps forward.
Akihito: "Wha――――"
Before I can ask what she's doing, her lips touch mine.
====================T0320：カゴメとのＨ_0603.json====================
Akihito: "Kagome......"
Kagome: "Nn......"
We devour each other's lips repeatedly.
In the dim light, we sit down on the bed together.
Kagome: "*kiss* Nn......mm......nnn......*kiss*"
Her words always feel like sharp blades, but her lips are sweet and soft.
I pull her shoulders closer, so I can taste her more.
Kagome: "*kiss* Nhu......nn......! Ha......! *kiss* Nn......Akihito......*kiss* Mm! *kiss* Nn......"
Her slender shoulders are shockingly delicate. If I reached out with both arms, I could encircle her easily.
Kagome: "Mm......! ......"
Akihito: "......Kagome."
Kagome: "Nn......nnnu!"
Her lips aren't enough. I kiss her cheeks, her forehead, her eyes, everywhere I want.
The tension drains from Kagome's shoulders as I hold her.
Kagome: "Nn......nhu......ha......ahu......nn, *kiss* *kiss* Mm......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......"
Kagome's been protecting me, whittling away at her strength without me ever noticing.
Kagome: "Akihito......Akihito......nn......! *kiss* *kiss* Nn......"
I kiss her neck, under her ear, then put my lips on hers again.
Akihito: "Mm......"
Kagome: "*kiss* *kiss* Nn......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......mm......! Nnn!"
I hold her tightly. I think about where we might be heading. To protect her. To be protected.
Kagome called me her partner.
I was connected to Kagome, and she was connected to me. Those two links finally merge.
Kagome: "*kiss* *kiss*......nhu......! Akihito......don't think about that...right now......*kiss* Nn......"
Kagome reads my mind, even as we yearn for each other's lips.
Kagome: "Right now......just keep......*kiss* Nn......!"
Kagome timidly, yet boldly inserts her tongue.
It comes into my mouth like an invader, yet it's hesitant, like a girl experiencing her first kiss.
Kagome: "Nn, nnn! Nhu! Nn......! *kiss* *lick* *kiss* Nn, nn, *kiss*......"
I gently respond to her shaking tongue. I slowly twist around it, and our saliva mixes. Kagome's surprised at first, but she quickly gives in.
Kagome: "Nbu......nn! *kiss* Npu......nn! *kiss* *kiss*......! Hapu, nn......*kiss*......nnn."
We rub our lips together until they melt, but we still don't become one. That frustrates me, so I try to devour even deeper.
Our saliva engulfs my tongue, quietly, like the honey from a winter flower. I gently push it into Kagome's mouth.
Kagome: "Nnhu......! Nn......hahu! Haa, haa, haa......Akihito......! Nn, *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......"
I imagine our saliva boiling in our mouths and turning into hot blood. The melting sensation intoxicates me.
Kagome: "*kiss* Nnyu......npu, nn......! *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......nn, *kiss* ......nnn!"
Every so often, I hear a high-pitched gasp from her, as if mere kissing is turning her on.
I put a hand around her back and stroke her.
Kagome: "Mmhuu......! Ha! Nn......*kiss* Nnn......*kiss* *kiss*......nnn......*kiss*......"
I want to keep kissing her, but when we run out of breath, we both move back.
We part lips slowly, but continue twisting tongues because we don't want to stop.
Kagome: "*lick* *lick*......*lick* *kiss* *kiss* Nna......*lick* *lick*......*lick* *kiss* Aha......haa......!"
Our sweet kiss ends. We gaze at each other, both out of breath.
Kagome's cheeks are slightly red. She's never looked this adorable.
Akihito: "Kagome......"
Humans are natural phenomena. Machines of flesh, made of ordinary matter. Their will, their pain, their love, their tragedies. In the modern era, these are no longer sacred.
They're merely different forms of the human mind, which is nothing but sparks in our nerve cells.
Even the emotion filling my chest right now is just a fleeting fairy tale.
I can say that with certainty, but......
Akihito: "Kagome, you're so cute."
Kagome: "......don't state the obvious......do you think......that pleases me......?"
That fairy tale makes my chest so warm.
Kagome: "Akihito......nn......"
Akihito: "Nn......"
We gently kiss each other several times, as Kagome touches my body.
She hesitantly takes my clothes off. First my top, then my pants, and then my underwear.
My face feels like it's burning up, but I let her do that.
Her white fingers move along my skin. The strength in her fingers is weak as she touches me. She must be equally hesitant on the inside.
Kagome: "*kiss* *kiss*......nha......hau......"
Akihito: "Have you ever touched a man's body before?"
Kagome: "......only stupid men ask things they already know."
Kagome: "......your beautiful dere dere childhood friend hasn't let any other man lay a finger on her......"
Kagome starts lowering her hands. She rubs my abdomen for a while, then tentatively touches my crouch.
Kagome: "......it's so......hot......"
When her slender fingers touch it, my thing responds by throbbing.
Kagome: "And......so hard......"
Akihito: "It wouldn't get in if it wasn't hard."
Kagome: "Th-that's true......"
I rub my hands over her breasts, and Kagome gently grips me. My chin rises as her fingers grip me.
Akihito: "Ha......"
Kagome: "Akihito......"
She whispers with hot breath, and slowly starts moving her hand.
It's awkward, and not good enough to bring me to climax, but the fact that we're touching each other still feels good.
Kagome: "Akihito......I'll make you feel good......Akihito......"
Akihito: "Your hands feel good, Kagome......"
Kagome: "Akihito............nn......*kiss*......"
Kagome slowly rubs me and kisses my chest and shoulders several times.
Kagome: "*kiss* *kiss*......*lick*......*kiss* *kiss*......nn......haa, haa......Akihito......"
Her awkward tongue licks my body. The sensation is more ticklish than pleasurable, and it gives me goosebumps. I fidget and writhe around.
Kagome: "Akihito........."
Wet eyes. I feel like she's begging for more kisses, so I rub my lips against hers again.
We share a thick kiss as she slowly, very slowly rubs my crotch. I start getting excited, despite the weakness of the pleasure.
Kagome: "Nn......nnn! Ha......! Ahu, nn......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......hua......! Ah......"
Kagome's starting to moan, though she's the one working on me right now. It's probably similar to how men get excited when touching a girl's body.
Kagome's excitement affects me too.
Kagome: "Nnhu......nn......Akihito, do you......does this make you feel good......?"
Akihito: "It's not like you......to ask that, Kagome."
Kagome: "I was just checking......it's only natural......I am your partner, Akihito......nn, *kiss* *kiss* Nn......"
I've been letting Kagome be the assertive one this whole time, but my desires are starting to grow stronger.
Her body is hiding behind a single shirt. I'm becoming conscious of her shaking breasts and rubbing thighs underneath that cloth.
Kagome: "*kiss* Nhu......ha......! Ahu......nnn! *kiss* *kiss*......nha......!"
Kagome ravenously seeks my lips, but I pull back a little.
Akihito: "Now it's my turn."
Kagome: "Ah......"
I put my hands on her shoulders and look directly at her. Kagome's eyes are wet with joy, hesitation, recollection, resolve, and other complex emotions.
Kagome: "Okay......"
She nods quietly. Kagome's shoulders suddenly look much smaller as I push her onto the bed.
I take off her shirt, and now she's completely naked.
I've seen her like this several times, but it's never made me feel like this before.
Hinaori Kagome. The princess in a white castle on a hill.
Kagome never gives anyone a second glance, but today she's exposing herself completely.
Kagome holds her shoulders and curls up like a normal girl. There's still doubt deep in her eyes.
Akihito: "Kagome......"
Kagome: "Akihito......"
We say each other's name, as if cautiously approaching each other.
One by one, we toss pebbles into the bottomless abyss between us, even though we know we can't ever fill it.
Kagome: "Nn......!"
Just putting a hand on her chest makes Kagome's body lurch. Tension makes her more sensitive.
Kagome: "Haa......! Ah......Akihito......"
I kiss her neck while caressing her chest with both hands. They're so soft I'm afraid they'll break apart if I squeeze too hard. The sensation makes my desires rise.
Kagome: "Hau, nn......nhu......ah, haa......! Nn, nnu......hua......"
Her breath touches my ear. Kagome's body reacts to my caresses by twisting her hips. She's as hot as a blast furnace.
Her chest shakes, and I touch her pale tips.
Kagome: "Ha......nn......!"
Kagome grips the sheets, forming wrinkles on the bed.
I pinch her nipples, and they grow harder.
Kagome: "Aaun......! Nha......ah......!"
I trace her light pink areolas with my fingers, then rub them over her tips. The rough sensation changes. She seems to get more sensitive the more I play with her.
Kagome: "Hau......! Nn! Ha......! Ahu......haa, haa......nnnnn......!"
I tug on them slightly, then push them down with my thumbs. My fingers sink into her flesh.
Kagome: "Nha......! Ah, ahu......! Hi, nnn......! Ha! Ah, nnnnn......hi! Uuu......"
I love how Kagome writhes when I stimulate her nipples. I kiss her shoulders.
I push my lips against her shallow skin. I can really feel Kagome's presence.
Kagome: "Nn! Ah, haa......! Aki, hi......! Haa, haa, haa, haa......! Hia! Nuuu......"
I open my hands and gently squeeze her breasts, with her nipples still between my fingers.
I bring my face closer to her sweaty chest, and kiss her breasts as they change shape under my hands.
Kagome: "Nn......nnn......! Aha......! Hua......nnn, nn......! Uha......!"
I kiss her breasts. Unlike the rest of her, they feel damp.
Kagome: "Ha......! Ahu! Nnn! Nn......don't stop, Akihito......yes......ha......!"
I want Kagome to enjoy too.
I open my hands a little, weakening my caresses, so I can kiss her nipples too.
Kagome: "Hiunnn......! Ha! Uha......aannn......!"
Her hardened nipples enter my mouth. I gently pinch them with my lips, and silently suck on them.
Kagome: "Huuuunn! Nn, nnn......! Huu, huuuu......! Uu, ha......!"
I enjoy the hard sensation as I suck her nipples. I push them around with my tongue.
Kagome: "Uua......aan......nnn......! Ha, ah, ah, uha......ah......! Nnnnn!"
Kagome squirms, showing me her white throat. I release my lips and squeeze her breasts with my hands.
Her hardened tips are wet with saliva. That excites me, so I reach out with my tongue and lick them again.
Kagome: "Haa......! Nn, nnn......!"
I suck up her nipple along with my own saliva, while caressing her other breast with my hand.
Kagome: "Ahu, nn......! Ah, haa......! Ah......Akihito, the way you're sucking them......it's like a child......aha......uu! Nnnnn......!"
I look up to see Kagome resisting a smile. I've never seen sweat on her forehead or a happy smile on her face before.
Akihito: "......men are like children around the woman they love."
I push her breasts together so I can put both in my mouth at once. I cover them both with my saliva and lick them all over.
Kagome: "Nha......! Ah......! Hi, nnu......nnn......!"
I move my hands in different directions, rubbing her nipples against each other. I stick my tongue in between those pink circles and lick around her some more.
Kagome: "Ah...kihito......! Nnah! Uu, nnn......! Haa, haa, haa......!"
I put my lips on hers again. Hot saliva melts inside her mouth as gasps escape it. I drown in the sensation of our tongues twisting together.
Kagome: "Nn......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......nhu......! Haa......nn, *kiss* *kiss*......hapu, nnu......*kiss*......"
We both stick our tongues deep into the other's mouth and lick all around.
Her sticky gums under my tongue, the insides of her cheeks, her undulating palate, the base of her teeth.
Kagome: "Nmu......*kiss* Nn......*lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*......*kiss* *kiss* *lick* *kiss* *kiss*......ha......! A-Akihito......"
After tainting her face with saliva, I kiss the raw white nape of her neck next.
Kagome: "Nnu......nn! Hua......!"
Then her collarbone. I kiss that hard, narrow line several times, then move to her chest.
Kagome: "Ha......ah......! Ahu......nnnnn......"
I stroke her slender hips and kiss her abdomen. Kagome's chest shakes and glimmers with saliva.
I move down her smooth hips, her waist, and the edge of her pelvis.
Kagome: "Haa......! Ah......uu! Nha......ahu, haa, haa, haa......Akihito, Akihito......!"
I kiss around her navel, then move straight down.
When I kiss her lower abdomen, Kagome rubs her thighs together as if in pain.
Kagome: "Hiu......nn......nnnnn......! Hua......ah, nn......huu...nn......ha......!"
No matter where I kiss, her whole body quivers. Kagome gets more sensitive every time. I kiss her thighs too.
Kagome: "Aha......! Hi, nnn......! A-Akihito......! Haa! Haaa......! Nn......uha......"
Her inner thighs are sticky with sweat. The thick female scent between them is almost choking me.
I can feel my crotch growing hot and rising up as I lower Kagome's legs.
Kagome: "Hau, nn......uu......! Haa......ah, aha......hauuu, nn......!"
I kiss her kneecaps, then her lower legs.
Kagome's legs are so beautiful they feel handcrafted. I gently kiss the tips, then put her big toe in my mouth.
Kagome: "Hua......ah, that's......! Ah, nnn......!"
I lick the sole of her foot, then kiss my way back up her leg.
I leave a trail of saliva along her tight calves as I move up.
Kagome: "Hiinnn......! Nn, aaah......! Ah, nn......uha......Aki......hito......!"
I stick my tongue into the valley between her inner thighs. The bittersweet taste of sweat. I grab her legs with both hands and force her crotch open.
Kagome: "Ah...............!"
Her voice fades away. That pained sound I've never heard before seeps deep into my mind.
I can see a flower of abject flesh deep in her crotch. Transparent nectar drips from her crevice. I gently kiss the part where it's coming out.
Kagome: "Hiaaannn......!"
Kagome's voice is uncharacteristically loud.
I kiss her quivering flesh several times, licking up the flowing nectar.
I run my tongue not only over her entrance, but also the base of her thighs and the rest of her crotch.
Kagome: "Aan......! Nn! Nnnnn......! Hau, nn......nnnnn......! Ah......!"
I continue following my desires and kissing her genitalia. Eventually the fluid from her crevice sprays onto my face.
Kagome: "Hiaaa, nn......! Hua, ah, ah! Ah......uuunnn, nn......hiu! Uu......aaaaah......!"
I charge forth. My nose rubs against her clitoris, and I lick around regardless of how wet my face is getting.
Kagome: "Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah......! Ah......nnnnn! Hua, ah......! Ha, ah!"
Kagome pushes on my head as her legs flail around. My excitement rises as her reactions grow stronger, so I continue licking her genitalia.
Kagome: "Ah, I, I'm......al...most......! Ah, uha! Akihito......! Haaaa! Aaah...!!"
I hold her clitoris between my tongue and upper lip and suck on it.
That must have had an effect, because Kagome squeezes me with her legs and her body lurches multiple times.
Kagome: "Huaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa............!!!"
Kagome cries out loudly, then collapses. She must have come slightly.
Akihito: "Kago......me......!"
Kagome: "Ah...kihi...to......haa, haa, haa, haa......nn......"
I crawl up Kagome's quivering body so we can share another deep kiss.
Akihito: "Mm......"
Kagome: "*kiss*......*kiss* *kiss*......hau......!"
Kagome's face is covered with sweat, saliva and nectar. We gaze at each other, our faces only ten centimeters apart. I push my thing against her, so hot it's like molten metal.
Akihito: "......Kagome, I'm putting it in."
Kagome: "Nn......yes...just...do it......"
Akihito: "If it hurts......hit me......crying and screaming might not be enough to stop me."
Kagome: "......don't...worry. I'm good with pain......"
I spread out Kagome's genitalia with one hand. Threads of liquid form as they come apart with sticky sounds. 
Kagome: "AAAAH...aah............!!"
I push into her tight entrance.
Kagome: "Hiaaa......! Ah......"
I invade her vagina. I tear Kagome's body open, putting my mark on it.
Kagome: "Nnn......nuu......uu......!"
She said she was good with pain, but she has to grit her teeth to bear it.
I want to be gentle, but I also want to be connected.
I go deeper. Her insides fill up with me, and a red color appears.
Kagome: "Uha! Ah......Akihito......you're inside......! Uuuuu......!"
Small tears flow from the corners of her tightly shut eyes. I keep moving my hips forward, deeper into Kagome.
Kagome: "Ah......it's coming...in......! Akihito......I feel......you......ah......!"
I pass through her flesh and reach all the way inside.
Kagome: "Ha......ah......!"
Akihito: "......I'm...all the way in......"
Kagome: "Ahu......! Nn, uu......uha......! ......we're connected......haa, haa, haa, haa."
It was so tight when I started, but now it's loosened up and so soft I feel like I'm melting. She was probably just tense.
Akihito: "You okay......?"
I can feel our connection. I'm inside Kagome, and her body is around me.
I can feel Kagome's heartbeat, her breathing, her body heat, everything through our connection.
Everyone has a kingdom. You can't live without protecting yourself. Everyone lives in their own lonely kingdom.
And yet―――
We aren't satisfied with that. We want the hearts and bodies of others.
It's contradictory.
Humans can't be complete by themselves. We can't be ourselves without connecting to someone.
Kagome: "......haa......haau......hau......"
Her shoulders heave as she breathes deeply.
Kagome: "That didn't......hurt much......this feels good......being filled with you, Akihito......"
Akihito: "......is it okay if I start moving?"
Kagome: "Yes......you can......be...rough......I'll feel you......better that way......Akihito......"
She looks up at me. If she asked me to be gentle, I'm not sure I could.
Kagome wraps her legs around me. I feel like she's telling me not to let go.
Kagome: "Hau......nn......!"
I start using my hips.
Kagome: "Ah......ah! Ah......nnu, Akihito, you're moving......! Huu! Huu, huu......ha......!"
A lewd noise comes from our connection. I thrust in and out of Kagome like an animal.
My hips collide with Kagome's lower abdomen several times, making us sticky with each other's sweat.
Kagome: "Uha......ah, annn! Huu......! Uu, ah, ah......! Aaaaaaah......! D-don't stop......!"
Akihito: "Ha......! Kagome......!"
Her slimy flesh twists around me, and a numbing pleasure rises up my spine.
To me Kagome was always an inviolable being. But now I'm moving around inside of her.
Kagome: "Ah! Nnn! Hu, uu......ah! Hinnn! Akihito, Akihito......! Aha! Ah, ah! Nnaaa......!"
Kagome: "Huaaann! Akihito......! Uu, nn! Ah......! Hia! Ah, kyuuunnn......! Uha......!"
I love how her breath keeps cutting off. The stain from her fluids has spread down to my knees.
Kagome: "Ah, aaah! Huaaaa......! Ha......nuu, uaa......han! Nnn! Aaaaa......!"
I move through her hot flesh and nectar so desperately it's comical.
Kagome: "Akihitooo......! Haa, haa, haa, haa......! Uuuunnn......! Nn! Haaa......!"
Kagome's flesh is soft, but constricting tightly around me. Her delicate pleats writhe and heighten the pleasure with each thrust.
Kagome: "Haa, haa......! Aaannnnn! Hinnn! Nnn! Ah......uua......ah......! Huu, huu, huu......!"
The direct pleasure from genitalia and the joy of penetrating Kagome. It feels so good I could climax at any moment.
Kagome: "A-Akihito......m-my insides......ah......! Hau......nn......do they......feel...good......?"
Akihito: "It's...amazing...Kagome......! You're so hot...and wet......and tight......!"
Kagome: "Huaaannn......! Ah, auu......nn! O-okay......I'm happy...to hear that......! Haa, haa, haa......huu......! Nn, uu......!"
No matter how violent I am, Kagome accepts me. My stiff member grows even harder inside her as it spreads out her petals.
Kagome: "Aha......! Ah......k-keep......going......! Akihitooo......! Don't...stop......thrusting......!"
Akihito: "Kagome......!"
I gasp like an animal and put my lips on hers. It's hard to breathe, but that only increases the pleasure.
Kagome: "Nnn! *kiss* Nn......*kiss* *kiss* *lick*......"
We kiss each other repeatedly, swimming in a sea of fluids as I thrust my hips violently.
Kagome's insides pulse and undulate, as if I'm sliding through a mollusk.
Kagome: "*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......*kiss* Nn......! Aaah! Hau, nn......uu, *kiss* *kiss*......*kiss*......"
Our fluids mix in our mouths and genitalia. Intense pleasure rushes through our entire bodies.
My mind grows hazy, to the point where I can't tell where I end and Kagome begins.
Kagome: "Nn, *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......puha......! Ah, ah, ah! Akihito......I...Akihito......we're connected......!"
Akihito: "Aaah......Kagome......!"
Kagome: "Akihitooo......! Ha, aaah......! Nnu......ha......hau, huaaaaaaa......!!"
The ecstasy is so overwhelming I feel like my mind's burning up. My wild instincts keep my hips moving without any orders from my brain, so I continue thrusting into Kagome.
Kagome: "Hinnn! Nn! Nnn! Ha......! A-Akihito! Akihitooo......! Haaaaaa......ah, ah, ah......! Uha......!"
Hearing Kagome's loud moans is so adorable I can't hold myself back. I'm about to explode.
Kagome: "Hannnnn! Nn, aaah! Ah, ah, ah, ah......! Aau......ii! Nnnnn......! Huu! Ha, ah......!"
I know it's her first time, but I don't let up.
Kagome: "Ah! Nnaaaaah! Ii, nnn! Akihito, Akihito......! I...I...I'm......!"
Her nectar starts to get thicker and whiter, and sticks to me. Her soft flesh twists lewdly around me, and her insides are burning hot.
Kagome: "Hiannn! Han! Ha, ha......ah! Ah! Ah! Aannn......huan......!"
This is far beyond any other sex I've experienced.
Real pleasure comes from emotion, not physical stimulus.
Kagome: "Ah! Akihito, Akihito......! I...I'm...almost......! Com......ing......!"
Akihito: "Me too......Kagome......!"
Kagome: "I-inside......me......! Don't...come outside......or else......ha......! Aaaaaaaaah!!"
Several electric shocks of pleasure race up my spine.
Kagome: "Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Nnaaaaah......! Come......Akihito......! Inside...me......!"
Akihito: "Kagome......Kagome......! I'm...coming......!"
Kagome: "Huaaaaa......! Uha, ah......! Hiaaa......! Nnnu, nna! Aaaaah......!"
We cling to each other with all our strength. Nails dig into my back and Kagome's shoulders until blood oozes out.
Akihito: "Uu......!!!"
Kagome: "Ah...Aki...hi...oooooooooooo............!!!!"
The world lurches, and my mind goes white for a moment.
My mind is racked with pleasure so strong I can't breathe.
The impulse is so strong I feel like my lower body exploded.
The rising pulsation shoots my semen forth.
Thick white boiling fluid pumps into Kagome's body.
Kagome: "Huaaaaaaa......! Ah, aaaaaaah......!!!!"
I shoot several times, as Kagome makes sounds I've never heard before.
It takes so long I wonder if it will ever end.
I push my hips in to their limit, and release the final drop inside Kagome.
Akihito: "Haa! Haa! Haa......!"
I realize I'm done ejaculating.
I'm not sure when it stopped, but now I fall onto Kagome.
Kagome: "Ahu......nn......Akihito......"
I shake from the lingering pleasure, and feel gentle hands stroke my hair.
====================T0400：革命前夜_0603.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "Nowhere in particular."
I wake up in the middle of the night.
The room's dark. Kagome's right next to me. She's sleeping up against me, still naked.
I reach out and comb my fingers through her long hair. I can feel her chuckle softly with her face in my chest.
Akihito: "............you're awake?"
Her silky hair flows through my fingers. Darker than the night. I've liked Kagome's hair ever since we were little.
Kagome just lets me do it......what is she thinking right now? I can't help but wonder.
Her slender fingers wander around my chest.
Our skin is touching. I can feel her heat and heartbeat.
Our hearts don't connect, no matter how close our bodies are.
We use other things in place of that. Like words and body language.
Sometimes they get sharp, becoming malice or animosity.
That's because they're inaccurate. Because they aren't true replacements for the heart.
We're connected. Everyone is connected to everyone else somehow.
We can't undo that or run away from it.
Akihito: "Don't forget your promise."
Kagome: "......promise?"
She runs her fingernail around my navel.
Akihito: "I'll protect you."
Kagome: "......I'll protect you, Akihito."
We made that promise, so――
Akihito: "Don't ever use Sting again."
Flawless metal chrome. A ticking time bomb of four hundred and twenty thousand action points. If it goes off, Kagome will die.
And a stampeding Sting will be far worse than even Nomad was.
Akihito: "It's too much."
Kagome: "You're saying I can't handle it?"
Akihito: "No, I can't. I can't bear to lose you."
Gaining something always means losing it later. When you give someone a part of your heart, the pain and sorrow of losing them becomes unbearable.
We can't live alone. We're foolish, insignificant, and absurd.
A weak heat that fits snugly in my arms. It hurts just thinking about losing her.
Kagome: "......I am your partner."
Her body moves up on top of me. She looks down at me.
The line from her neck to her shoulders is like a precious sculpture. Her soft breasts waver in the faint light.
Kagome: "Until you say you don't need me, I won't go anywhere."
Her usual poison is missing.
Akihito: "I won't let go of you."
Kagome: "I'll kill you if you do."
She looks serious. The witch's unreasonable confession. I don't even mind that.
If I'm going to die anyway, being killed by Kagome wouldn't be so bad.
Akihito: "Kagome......"
I get excited again. I pull her slender hips toward me.
Kagome: "......animal."
That sweet voice around my throat enters my ears, and Kagome's sound penetrates the core of my brain.
So this is what it feels like to be completely lost in someone.
It's morning. I didn't get enough sleep, so I rub my eyes as I wake up.
I used up most of my stamina, but it was fulfilling, so I'm not that tired. Human bodies are weird.
Akihito: "............!?"
When I wake up, I'm alone. Kagome's no longer sleeping next to me.
She couldn't have―――
Kagome: "You're awake."
Akihito: "......there you are."
Kagome comes back from the living room.
Kagome: "What are you talking about? It's breakfast time."
Kagome woke up earlier.Now that I think about it, Kagome has no reason to disappear on me now.
Because I'm satisfied, I'm afraid to lose her. Incredibly afraid. It's a weakness.
The world is absolute, but we're relative. We can't understand happiness until we know misfortune. We don't realize the value of life until we fear death.
Once we achieve happiness, we fear losing it.
Kagome's wearing only a shirt again. The sunlight from the window makes it almost transparent.
Last night, we―――The memories come back, and I can't look directly at her. Just remembering it makes me excited again.
Kagome: "......animal."
The corners of her mouth rise up, as if seeing through me. As if teasing me.
Kagome: "Get up soon. After we eat, I need to rest. You wouldn't let go of me until dawn, Akihito, so I'm exhausted."
Akihito: "Mmm......"
I get out of bed with a weird face, and then remember I'm naked.
I turn on the TV after clearing the table. Every channel is showing news about the recent terrorist attack in New Takakura station.
Akihito: "......are you feeling okay?"
Kagome: "I'm in pain. I'm bleeding. I feel like something's still in me. I have cramps because I used muscles I normally don't. I have many marks. Go easy next time."
Akihito: "Not thaaaaaat!!!!"
I'm red up to my ears as I shout. That's insanely embarrassing. I thought Kagome-san was the embarrassed one.
Kagome: "......if you mean using Sting against MacBeth, that hasn't affected me."
She opens and closes her right hand, making sure it works. She seems fine for now, but we can't take this too lightly.
Sting is a true monster.
Four hundred and twenty thousand―――Even if we got a thousand Babylons together, they still wouldn't come close. That level of magic marks the edge of a world.
I put my open cell phone on the table and think.
Kagome: "If you keep doing that, you'll turn into a pig, Akihito."
Akihito: "......why a pig?"
During the day, Kagome's as poisonous as ever.
Akihito: "I'm wondering where to start."
I count off the problems we need to solve.
First, Kagome and Sting. Telling her never to use it again probably isn't a complete solution.
Kagome's been taking medicine. If she needs that kind of help from Kajou's researchers, then that monster probably takes a toll on her even when she doesn't summon it.
Second, the System. I need to get back at them. I can't let them simply get away with what they've done. Though I'm still not sure what would hurt them.
Third, Rondo Rondo. I need to stop her from trying to kill Gasai.
Fourth, Yoshimori. Or more generally, the fighting in the Coμnet.
After what happened with Nomad, the Coμnet has become increasingly lawless. No one trusts anyone anymore, so we're all standing on a powder keg.
Those are the four big issues. The situation would still be terrible even if I solved one of them, and each one is getting worse as I sit here thinking.
I hesitate on my fifth finger. My coμ. Should I call that a problem too?
We never meant anything to each other, and we finally had a fight and broke up. That's all. It's not like any of us was wrong.
――I lower my fifth finger.
Akihito: "I can't stop crying......"
Kagome: "You don't have to commit suicide just because you can't do calculus. Some people have no redeeming qualities, but all people have faults."
Akihito: "That's not helping! And I can do calculus!"
Kagome: "Why take pride in that? You have so little ambition."
The witch looks down at me again.
Akihito: "......in school battle and superhero stories they always seem to find a way out of horrible situations like this."
Kagome: "Stories are constructed from the ending backwards. Be they tragedies, comedies, or power of friendship stories."
The difficulties placed before the hero are merely tools to evoke catharsis. No matter how powerful they seem, their fate is to be defeated.
Even if the ending is tragic, the story still ends once the big bad is defeated.
Once you reach the final page and the credits roll, you don't have to worry about any other problems showing up.
In reality, there are results, but no endings. And results are the start of new difficulties.
If someone's kingdom ever does come to a true end, the gentle kingdom we call the world sees that as just another result.
The world is multi-layered, and we're always complicated.
From the past, to the present, to the future. There's no end, no pause. We're connected in elaborate ways.
Akihito: "I wish someone else could be the hero."
Kagome: "Then just stay put and let them. When a side character gets too much screen time, that means they're about to die."
Akihito: "......why does that matter?"
I pretend not to be intimidated. I whip my legs into submission and act calm rather than falling over from fatigue. Men can't live without trying to act cool.
Akihito: "It's not over yet."
Akihito: "There are still things I can do. I'll keep struggling."
Kagome: "You'll just be wasting effort."
I can't deny that. I'll never catch up to the world, and my hands will never reach those in need.
It's happened several times already. I've tasted failure and seen tragic results that tore through my heart.
Akihito: "......if that's what happens, I'll crawl back into bed."
I'm still childish. It's a little pathetic.
Kagome: "You really are an idiot, Akihito."
Akihito: "Now......"
I glare at my phone.I know who I need to call first. I use one hand to bring her number out of my phone's memory.
We're connected.
Only will and action can change the world. I need a blade, not prayers.
But......
If I went and died on my own, I could laugh it off as my own stupidity. It's not that simple when other lives are on the line.
In an extreme case, just walking down the street could kill someone. Living means invading that which is not your own.
If I wanted to avoid violating others, I'd have to lock myself away, but this gentle kingdom won't even let me do that.
But that doesn't mean I simply can force others to die along with me――
I make the call, and wait for her to pick up.
There's a mouse living on the back of this six-year old, outdated cell phone.
The color of the plastic has completely faded. Ayaya said she felt sorry for it, so she put this sticker on it.
The deformed rodent looks up at me with bared teeth and a weird smile.
Evidence I can't erase from my phone's memory.
It laughs at me, asking if I'm going to do it all over again. If I'm going to drag others into my selfish actions. Like I did back then, along with Jack, and right now.
But I can't do this alone――
Benio: "......this is Benio."
I haven't heard her voice since we left the hill. Her voice is faint, as if she's unsure what to say.
Akihito: "It's me."
Benio: "Yeah, Akihito......"
Akihito: "I want to talk. Are you free today?"
Silence falls. It makes my chest warm and tingly.
Benio: "......okay. I wanted to talk to you anyway. What time would be good? I can leave now if you want."
Akihito: "That'd be great."
Akihito: "Umm......where are you now? Since your apartment's still......"
Benio: "With my mom. She was worried about me, and the city's a mess, so......we're here now."
Akihito: "I see."
I feel strangely relieved. Benio has a mother and a father.
When she chose to stay with me instead of them, I assumed she didn't want to live with them for some reason. But her parents are still alive, and they can still be together.
By the time I end the call and stand up, Kagome's done changing clothes.
As usual, she looks great in my clothes. I still can't stand the fact that they're better on her than me.
Akihito: "Heading out?"
Kagome: "Aren't you heading out, Akihito? I'm coming too."
Kagome: "I am your partner."
I'm both happy and concerned. For Benio――Actually, for many people in this city, Kagome symbolizes the disasters from five years ago.
The Omnipotent――That name hides a dark truth.
She's the sole survivor of the "war" five years ago. She killed tons of connectors, avatars, and innocent humans in order to survive.
She created "ground zero" up on the hill and cut Soejima's apartment building apart. Those two incidents alone had over a thousand fatalities.
Can Benio forgive her?
Can Mayuki, Haru, and Izawa?
Can anyone living in this city?
―――Even I couldn't forgive her.
She bears all of our hatred, curses, and revenge. We could slit her throat a hundred times, and it still wouldn't atone for her sins. That's what makes her "Omnipotent."
What the System did to her is nothing.
Akihito: "............let's go, then."
No point putting this off. If we're ever going to be more than just a coμ, we have to overcome this.
Kagome and I head outside. The area is still torn up from MacBeth's attack last night, so the police put up barriers telling cars not to come through here.
Akihito: "............this is surreal."
Several metal beams are sticking into the road. In the daylight, they look like modern art.
On the way to the bus stop, I see a bizarre creature entering and leaving the shadow of a telephone pole. It's green, has four eyes, and small limbs.
Akihito: "......what are you doing here?"
Mayuki: "Hawa......!?"
Mayuki leaps in surprise.
Mayuki: "A-A-A-Akihito-san......Hinaori...san......"
Kagome: "Yuubana."
Kagome doesn't say other's names very often.
Mayuki: "H-heading...out?"
She's stuttering a lot. Suspicious.
Akihito: "We're heading to see Benio."
Mayuki: "......talk to the most loyal member first to get more people on your side......a classic strategy."
Mayuki: "Just.As.Planned!"
She points off into the distance with an adult face.
Akihito: "Stop making it sound bad, Mayu-Mayu."
Akihito: "......so why are you here?"
I'd be lying if I said I was hopeful. I have no reason to expect Benio to side with us, so it's just a convenient dream.
Mayuki: ".........um, well, I......"
She looks down and fidgets.
Akihito: "Mayuki, where are you living right now? Your apartment?"
The four-eyed frog isn't sure what to say, so I change the subject.
Mayuki: "I'm staying with my mom. She wouldn't let me keep living by myself when the city's so dangerous."
Akihito: "Can't blame her."
Mayuki: "I'm the tree her money grows on."
Her dry, adult smile feels very lonely.
Kagome: "An idol......"
Mayuki: "Even when my parents divorced......they couldn't stop fighting about who would get me."
Mayuki: "A long time ago, I'm pretty sure they actually liked each other, at least a little......I hate it when money gets involved."
Parents don't always act out of unconditional love. They may be connected by blood, but they're still other people. There's a gap between them.
Mayuki: "Anyway, Mom said it's dangerous here......and I might get hurt in the next attack......so we're going to move away from the city for a while."
Akihito: "I see, so you came to say goodbye?"
A sensible decision.Considering what happened five years ago, no sane parent would want to leave their child in Takakura City right now.
Mayuki: "Umm......about that, well......"
Mayuki looks up at me vaguely.
Mayuki: "Umm, Akihito-san......you need me to stay here......don't you......?"
Akihito: "............"
Without Mayuki the Priest, Babylon's defenses will be a lot weaker than usual.
If Babylon gets destroyed, Mayuki will die no matter how far away she is. Since running away won't help, she wants to stay and fight.
Akihito: "Not really."
I answer immediately.
Kagome: "......idiot."
Mayuki: "............aau."
She stands still, as if the world is ending. All strength leaves her, like a withering tree.
This is a stupid, selfish emotion I should have stopped indulging a long time ago.
Not wanting to get Mayuki involved because she's the youngest. That's nothing but hypocrisy.
But still......
It would be a lot less dangerous for her to evacuate with her mother rather than writhing around here as people die around us.
On the off chance I do die, I'd better make sure Babylon doesn't get destroyed in the process. Not that I plan on dying.
Akihito: "We'll be fine without you."
Mayuki's face twists up, as if she's about to cry.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san."
Mayuki takes her glasses off. At close range, her eyes are huge and beautiful.
Mayuki's face is strikingly pretty, though we normally can't tell because of her wacky attire. She's an idol for a reason.
In a few years――Her potential for growth is terrifying. For some reason the phrase "Hikaru Genji Plan" crosses my mind.
Mayuki gazes at me with wet eyes.
Mayuki: "Admit you need my help!"
Akihito: "Gyaa!"
The little squirt kicks me.
Mayuki: "Admit it! Admit it!"
Akihito: "Ow! Ow! Ow!"
Mayuki: "Admit――"
Mayuki: "You need...my.........help......hiu! Say...*sniff*......uuu............"
Mayuki cries and sniffles as she kicks me. Her face is a mess.
Mayuki: "Say it......aau......ad...mit...aau......*sniff*......you......auu......hu, huuuu......nnn~~~~~~"
Her kicks ran out of strength a while ago, but she keeps swinging her legs into me and muttering to herself.
Akihito: "Mayuki......"
I offer her a tissue. She takes it and blows her nose.
Mayuki: "Buhi, chiiiin!"
I wait for her to calm down. Mayuki breathes deeply, wipes her tears, then raises her head.
Mayuki: "......Akihito-san, you aren't running away?"
Kagome: "Akihito is an irredeemable idiot, so no."
Kagome scorns me with a smile.
Akihito: "Hey......you......!"
Mayuki: "......you are stupid. This isn't some 80's sports manga. In the twenty-first century, you're supposed to harden your heart and push me away to make the audience cry."
She looks scornfully at me too.
Akihito: "Y-you two......!"
Mayuki: "......Akihito-san, if you fail, I'll die no matter where I am. We're stuck together anyway, so......"
Akihito: "......that doesn't mean you have to come with me. That just makes it more dangerous. And there aren't any obvious villains like Jack this time, so it won't be any fun."
Akihito: "Besides, your parents will be worried sick."
If she lives, then at least she can......
Mayuki: "It's too late. I already ran away from them."
Akihito: "What the hell!?"
Mayuki: "You said you were heading out today, so I had no choice."
Akihito: "Wait, Mayuki, that doesn't mean......"
Mayuki: "......having the adorable, adorable Mayuki-chan with you will increase the show's moe by fifty percent, and there might be figures or a spinoff series called Mayuki's Grand Adventure."
Mayuki: "After all, I am a real-life idol."
Akihito: "That's not going to......"
Mayuki: "Besides."
She averts her eyes, looking down, like a small, lonely girl.
Mayuki: "............it didn't taste of anything."
She stutters in her confession.
Mayuki: "The last few meals I ate......I don't remember what they tasted like."
Akihito: "......"
Mayuki: "......I enjoyed eating a lot more with you, Akihito-san."
Mayuki: "Those might have been the best meals of my life......"
Mayuki made her decision before coming here.
Akihito: "......I'm no manga protagonist, Mayuki. We have no hope of winning, and there's probably no final boss to defeat."
Mayuki: "I'll be fine. I prefer rival characters anyway. Though you're not cute enough to be a good rival, Akihito-san."
Mayuki: "......well, I guess you're good enough."
Akihito: "Whatever."
Akihito: "You can come with us, on one condition."
Mayuki: "What might that be?"
Akihito: "Call your parents. Make up whatever lie you want, but tell them not to worry......I'm sure they will anyway, but it can't hurt."
Mayuki: "............okay."
Kagome: "We're gathering allies as we head to our destination. Like an RPG."
Unfortunately, we still don't have a final boss to defeat.
We meet Benio in the park by the river. We can't use the usual footbridge after what happened at the station.
The Takakura Suspension Bridge is visible in the distance. It's the middle of a weekday, but even so, this spot should have at least a few tourists. Right now, it's silent.
Akihito: "You came."
Kagome: "You're late. Flat-chested women are always like this."
Akihito: "That has nothing to do with it."
Benio rushes toward us from the road.
Benio: "Sorry I'm late! Sorry I'm late! Sorry I'm late!!"
She waves her arms happily in the air.
Kagome: "Silence."
Mayuki: "......fifteen minutes late. And this park was your idea. You lost a lot of points, Benio-san."
Benio: "Huh? Why are you here, Mayu-Mayu......?"
Mayuki: "Is that a problem? We're all in the same group, so I have every right to be here."
Benio: "I see, you came with them, Mayu-Mayu......"
Benio folds her arms and starts thinking. She comes to a conclusion, nods, then faces us again.
Akihito: "So, should I start? Or do you want to say something first?"
Benio: "Ah, wait just a minute, the truth is......"
Before she can get the words out......
Izawa: "You just had to come here with the traitor."
Haru: "Hiii. Oh my, Kagome-chan's here too?"
Izawa and Haru are here too. Izawa makes his anger obvious, and the maid smiles cluelessly as always.
Everyone's here.It hasn't been that long since we split up on the hill, but it feels like it's been years.
Benio: "I called them."
Mayuki: "Aaaah, you called everyone except me!"
She points harshly, demanding explanation.
Benio: "Uu......that's...because...Mayuki's......really young, and......it's dangerous......"
Mayuki: "Someone else already tried that......
aaaah!Peh!"
Mayuki: "Stop worrying so much about me. I'll get you for this later."
Benio: "Uuuuuuuuuuuu~"
She groans with a guilty face.
Izawa: "Mizuwa, snake......did you come here to make excuses?"
Kagome: "If you want excuses, go look in a landfill, titmouse."
They clash immediately. Benio clears her throat.
Benio: "Okay, now that everyone's here......"
Benio: "Hinaori-san."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Benio stops them from fighting and faces Kagome head-on.
Benio: "I'm sorry!!!!!"
Benio lowers her head like a meteor. For a moment, I worry she'll slam into the ground.
Kagome: "............"
The hero swings her sword, and the witch stands firm. Everyone else is frozen too. They have no idea what to say.
Benio: "Sorry about what happened on the hill. Umm, I'm sure you had your reasons for it, but I didn't know anything, and......I might've said horrible things without thinking."
Benio said she couldn't forgive her.
But―――She didn't say anything horrible.
Kagome: "Did you say something? I'm not sure why you're apologizing for something I don't remember."
Kagome wasn't there at the time, so Benio has no reason to apologize.
Benio: "Ah, that's right......I see."
It's so like Benio to forget that.
Benio: "But I still wanted to apologize. We've been doing everything together, but I trusted that weird man instead of you, Hinaori-san."
Kajou claims to be a genius helping the world, but to Benio he's just a weirdo.
Benio: "There might've been a good reason why you didn't tell us......and......umm, Hinaori-san, you've saved us so many times......I mean."
Haru: "You're so cute. I'll have to attack you in bed and braid your hair sometime."
Mayuki: "......hot-blooded characters are so embarrassing."
The indecent maid and the millennial girl warmly watch her.
Benio: "Wh-what do you mean? O-Haru-san, Mayu-Mayu......you have to say things like this out loud at some point."
Izawa: "Tsk, shut up......"
Everyone's calmer now, but it's still tense. The whole city is on edge these days.
It hurts seeing parts of the city so quiet.
There are fewer cars flowing east and west than usual, and every day fewer people can be seen outside and in shops.
A repeat of five years ago. Nameless fear spreads like a plague. The entire city is starting to lay low, waiting to see what happens.
If they look online, they'll find a lot of unverified information splattered around like noodles.
Everything is a balloon on the verge of bursting now. Things will explode as soon as someone pokes a needle into it. Separations, standoffs, new alliances, betrayals, and feigned beliefs will run rampant.
There's no easy way to tell friends from enemies anymore. It's a melting pot. The wills of countless people are thrown in and boiled all together.
Izawa looks to one side. The mad dog looks slightly sentimental from this angle.
Izawa: "That statue looks wrong every time I see it."
In the center of the park is a statue of a white angel, praying in the sunlight.
There are several similar statues spread throughout Takakura City. They were made to honor the victims of the attacks five years ago. Kagome looks at the monument with a mechanical gaze.
Izawa: "......don't you feel even a little regret?"
Benio: "Stop, Izawa......!"
Izawa sticks a poisonous blade into Kagome's back. The witch's response is, of course......
Kagome: "Some powerless people got killed in the process. Do I need to regret their fate?"
Kagome throws him a ridiculing smile.
Izawa: "Fuck you, snake......!"
Benio: "Th-that's...too much......!"
Haru: "Hmmmm, as expected."
Mayuki: "Aau......"
Izawa: "......so, are you working for the people behind all this?"
Izawa: "The System――I can't stand them."
Izawa approaches Kagome with displeasure. He's short, so he has to look up at the witch.
Haru: "But what can you do about it, Izawacchi? Calm down and think. Will biting at their heels do anything? Your handgun won't be enough to hurt them."
Akihito: "......you're always calm, O-Haru-san."
Izawa: "Are you satisfied with what's happened, maid?"
Izawa turns his frustration toward the maid.
Haru: "O-Haru-san?"
Izawa: "They do whatever they want with us from places we can see, and say whatever they want about us. Are you okay with that?"
Haru: "I guess I should make this clear. Izawacchi......O-Haru-san couldn't care less about any of that."
Her bright smile resembles a dull blade.
Haru: "Didn't I tell you? I'm fine with whatever's easiest on me."
Haru: "Holding grudges, feeling regret, crying, getting angry, believing in something―――O-Haru-san doesn't do any of that."
Akihito: "......it doesn't hurt, because you don't believe in anything?"
Haru: "That's right. I just want what's easiest, so O-Haru-san always sides with whoever's winning."
Benio: "But......O-Haru-san...you've been with us since......"
Haru: "Because that was the rule. O-Haru-san doesn't want to die either."
Izawa: "......you're a piece of work."
Izawa: "Well, what about you two, Ironing Board? Chibi?"
Akihito: "You really want to fight it out with the System, don't you?"
Izawa: "What about you, Mizuwa? Has the snake talked you into becoming another of their dogs?"
Akihito: "Kagome's not――――"
Kagome: "Akihito."
She stops me, like a blade. Haru guesses what I was trying to say.
Haru: "Hmmmm......so there is a reason."
Kagome: "――"
The silence of rejection. Kagome doesn't give others a second glance. That's her strength. She never wavers because she never cares.
Benio: "A reason? ......for what?"
Mayuki: "You're dense, Benio-san. She's saying there might be a good reason why Hinaori-san's helping the System. That certainly would fit her character better."
Benio: "R-right, that must be it! Hinaori-san, if there's anything we can do about it――"
Kagome: "Back off, Takekawa."
Benio: "You know I can't do that!"
Kagome calls her Takekawa for the first time. Benio challenges Kagome head-on for the first time.
Benio: "Hey, Akihito......I told you I wanted to talk about something, right?"
Benio looks at me with a serious face I've never seen before.
Akihito: "Yeah, so do I."
Benio: "......can I go first?"
Akihito: "Sure, though it probably doesn't matter."
Benio: "It does. It matters a lot. You always start things, Akihito, so today I want it to be me."
Benio: "I want there to be no doubt that I made this decision myself, and I want everyone to know that."
Benio: "I want to do something."
Benio holds her head high, her face clear.
Benio: "Things are really bad right now, aren't they? I want to do something about that. We have the power to change it, after all."
Benio: "There's a lot of complicated stuff with the System, this experiment and such, and a lot of it I can't understand......"
Benio: "But I don't want anyone around me to get hurt or die."
Benio: "I don't know what we should do or if we really can do anything, but I want to try."
Benio: "So, please......lend me your strength."
Benio looks at the other five in turn. Me. Mayuki. Haru. Izawa. And Kagome.
Izawa: "――On one condition."
Surprisingly, Izawa's the first to respond.
Haru: "Oh, you're not usually so assertive."
Izawa: "Shut up. Hey, Takekawa......I despise what the shitheads in the System have been doing here."
Takekawa――Is this also Izawa's first time using her real name?
Izawa: "I'm going to kill every one of the bastards who watched us like guinea pigs. I'll wipe out every last one of them who's still in this city."
Izawa's simple. Fighting in and of itself is meaningful to Izawa, regardless of whether he can win. He hasn't changed at all since the night we met him on the hill.
Izawa: "Help me do that."
Mayuki: "Uwa, that's not like you at all, Izawa-san......you're supposed to run off on your own without thinking and collapse motionless after breaking a lot of stuff."
Izawa: "......I've never collapsed!"
Haru: "Well, he can't really do it on his own this time."
The maid smirks.
Izawa: "I'll crush the bastards behind this. And you, Hinaori. I'll kill you for betraying us."
Izawa calls her a traitor.
To betray someone you have to be tied to them.By a contract, by friendship, or by mutual self-interest.
The invisible connections of a coμ.Five bullets connected without being given a choice.
They never had any of those connections to Kagome, but......
Akihito: "――――"
But there was still something tying us together.
It was shallow, unreliable, impossible to see, and easily broken, but......
Izawa: "......move, Mizuwa."
Just like last time, I stand in Izawa's way as he glares at Kagome.
Akihito: "You know Kagome had her reasons."
Izawa: "......that doesn't matter. She's responsible for what happened five years ago. That's more than enough of a reason to kill her."
Izawa: "I hear you weren't around when that happened. Stay out of this, outsider. She owes the rest of us big time."
Izawa: "Several of those attacks were her fault. Am I wrong?"
Akihito: "――――"
Kagome: "You learn quick for a titmouse. It was me."
Kagome throws in another bomb. The air temperature immediately lowers two or three degrees.
Izawa, Haru and Benio react strongly. Their expressions change hectically.
Kagome: "I killed. I killed as much as I had to. I killed without hesitation.―――I created "ground zero" too."
Izawa pulls out his Heishin. He slowly aims the black barrel at Kagome with hatred.
Izawa: "―――At this point you just look like an idiot for trying to stop me."
I grab the barrel from the side and push it away.
Akihito: "I could say the same about you and your gun. I have no intention of letting Kagome kill anyone else, or letting you shoot her."
Kagome wouldn't hesitate with a gun pointed at her.
Izawa: "......you really shouldn't be doing that, Mizuwa. Are you trying to be Takekawa? In this situation? Or did that snake whip you into submission?"
Being hot-blooded isn't like me. This gentle kingdom allows things to be taken away suddenly with no good reason.
I know this will be wasted effort. I know that, I accept that, and I'll give up when it's over.
But so what――?
Soejima's heat disappearing in my arms. I couldn't save Soejima. I forced Kagome to kill her.
Izawa: "If she's the one who made "ground zero"......who knows how many people she killed five years ago. Everyone in this city would love to kill her."
Akihito: "......yeah, probably."
The war's sole survivor. The Omnipotent connector who killed people, connectors, and avatars without mercy.
Akihito: "But I don't want any other women I know to die."
Izawa: "You are such a fucking idiot."
Izawa: "......that's the reason you're letting this monster live?"
I look up. The sky is high above us. I could reach out for it, but I'll never grasp it.
Akihito: "I'll protect Kagome. If Kagome owes anyone a debt, I'll pay it."
Kagome: "――――"
Haru: "Wow."
Benio: "Kyawa! Wh-what...do you...mean by that......!?"
Mayuki: "Uwa, that's embarrassing. I could die from shame just hearing that."
Izawa: "Amazing. In that case, you die first."
Akihito: "......you plan on fighting the System without me?"
I show my final trump card. His trigger finger stops just a few millimeters short.
Izawa: "......what?"
Akihito: "If you shoot me, there's only four of you left. And do you think Benio and Mayuki would quietly obey you if you did that?"
Akihito: "That's my condition. I'll help you if you'll help me. We both have our qualms, but we'll keep them to ourselves."
Akihito: "This is a negotiation. We both have to give something up in order to reach a compromise. We'll have to cross this bridge somehow, so let's do it together."
For better or for worse, I can't think of anything else. I have to go with this.
Izawa: "You dare ask me to help you?"
Akihito: "I do. I want to deal with Kagome, Rondo, and all the other problems. I need your help, Izawa."
Izawa: "That's hilarious. Rondo......what's the problem with her?"
Akihito: "Rondo's the coμ hunter. She's going after Caesar. She'll die if we don't stop her."
Benio: "After Caesar――?"
Haru: "Haha, so Rondo-chan was the one who shot Caesar on the hill. Did he do something to her?"
The maid is oddly sharp when it comes to things like this.
Haru: "Let's not hide anything from each other. We're just going to fight again when it comes out later."
Benio: "Yes, I agree!"
Benio raises her hand. It's hard to tell what the smiling maid is actually thinking.
Mayuki: "Is there anything we're still hiding?"
The lying frog whose idol career used to be a secret. A life with such a huge secret forces you to hide many things. Honest people often come off as idiots in society.
Haru: "Was Rondo-chan one of the BKs? Her avatar is pretty high-level. I wonder how far she's gotten."
Izawa: "Just let her get herself killed. She and the world will be better off that way."
Hearing Izawa say something so sensible hurts a lot.
Benio: "W-wait a minute!"
Izawa: "Back off, Ironing Board. I'm sick of your idealistic crap."
Izawa: "You wanna help her because she's in trouble? She's just as insane as Jack was."
Is there justice in saving the coμ hunter? I can't find any.
But so what―――?
Akihito: "I know that already. I'm asking for help in spite of that. I don't want Rondo to keep doing stupid things and get herself killed."
Like Soejima did. I don't want to lose anyone else I know.
I said goodbye to her in the park. I remember her red jacket walking away from me.
What Izawa's saying today is so justified, it's sickening.
If I die on my own, then I'm just an idiot. But if other people are involved, then I need a reason.
A just cause. I need something worth dying for in order to ask others to die with me.
Benio: "――I'll do it."
She offers a helping hand.
Mayuki: "Benio-san, again with the justice thing? It's such a pain when hot-blooded characters don't bother to think."
Benio: "......sorry. I know this is a pain for you, Mayu-Mayu, and everyone else."
We're a coμ. Decisions always involve fighting with the others.
Benio: "But I don't want any of my friends to die. I want to help them."
Benio: "I can't forgive her for hunting coμs, but does that mean it's wrong to want to save her?"
Benio: "When someone dies, everything's over for them. I've seen so many dead people in that factory and on the hill......people who couldn't escape in time."
Benio: "I don't want Rondo to end up like them."
Izawa: "......since when does an ally of justice try to save the evildoers?"
Haru: "Does she want us to stop her though? O-Haru-san doesn't want revenge on anyone, so I'm not sure."
Mayuki: "It would be typical if she did though."
Akihito: "Have you really......never held a grudge against anyone, O-Haru-san?"
Haru: "Nope. Hatred, grudges, jealousy, it's all a big pain......a sloth like O-Haru-san would never bother with all that."
Benio: "I can't forgive Rondo for hunting other coμs, but still, I......"
Haru: "There are no rules here, after all."
Haru shrugs her shoulders.
Benio: "Yes, but......then what are we meant to do?"
Haru: "Well, Benio-chan, do you remember that we're the ones who killed Jack the Ripper?"
Good and evil are but convenient tools. They can't exist without a framework of rules to define them.
When we're truly free, nothing is guaranteed. Thus, we're bound to each other by both large and small rules, whether they're enforced by an organization or by mutual agreement.
And those rules collapse once someone stops following them.
We're always wavering, trapped between both visible and invisible things.
Nothing is more incomplete than a human. We can't commit to either side, and never reach either one. We're always warped and fractured.
Benio: ".........I won't accept that. No matter how lawless the Coμnet is, some things are just unacceptable......for anyone."
Mayuki: "Agreed. Mayu-Mayu will help with that too. Rondo-san's helped us out before, so I'd like to repay that favor."
Benio: "Mayu-Mayuuu!!!"
Mayuki: "Don't hug me, it's depressing. And I'm Mayuki, not Mayu-Mayu."
Benio: "......but you called yourself that a minute ago."
Mayuki: "No I didn't."
Benio: "Eeeh?"
Izawa: "Tsk! Three against two?"
He immediately puts his gun away.
Akihito: "......wow, you're nice today."
Izawa: "I don't feel like wasting any more time on this."
Izawa: "You still owe me. You, and that snake. I'll make you both pay someday."
Akihito: "Yep, that's how this works."
Haru: "Hmmm, what will O-Haru-san do......"
Haru suddenly moves.
She kisses Izawa for no reason.
Izawa: "――――――――"
Everyone's faces go pale. Including Izawa.
Izawa: "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Haru: "Oh my, such a virgin."
Izawa: "Back off! What the hell is wrong with you, maid!?"
Akihito: "Whoa, that made no sense. What's going on here? Also, O-Haru-san, that was a serious discussion. Don't break the mood!"
Haru: "Well, I don't like being gloomy."
Haru: "O-Haru-san will abstain from voting this time."
Izawa: "......stay away from me."
Izawa: "......Hinaori, this isn't over."
Haru: "Aaah, wait up, Izawacchi!"
Izawa leaves in a hurry, and the maid chases after him.
Izawa: "......stay the fuck away from me, you perverted maid!"
Benio: "What......was that?"
Mayuki: "One of the seven wonders of the world. I was hoping we'd all go home together......do you think they became friends at some point?"
Benio: "Friends......?"
Really? I'm not going to complain about what other people do, but if Haru comes on to him like she did me......
Akihito: "Uwaaaa......"
Now I feel gloomy for a different reason.
====================T0430：種明かし_0603.json====================
This is a ceremony.
A coμ. A group of people who share their lives and destinies because they have invisible explosive collars around all their necks.
One day, Girl A suddenly connected us to each other. We were nothing to each other before that, but now we're going to be something.
Everything won't change right away. This is just my resolve.
But so what――?Let's start everything over, from the beginning.
Our meeting in the park ends, and we head home.
Izawa and the maid already left, so Kagome, Mayuki, Benio and I head to the station as a group.
Mayuki: "Umm......so, well, Akihito-san, should we go back to your............"
Mayuki grabs my jacket from behind.
Akihito: "You can stay at my place until it's all over, princess. We might get picked off one-by-one if we stay too far apart."
Mayuki: "......"
Mayuki: "So you are a lolicon, heheh."
Akihito: "Or you can go back home."
Mayuki: "Starting today, you may call me Akihito-san's personal love doll #1."
Benio attacks her from behind.
Mayuki: "That hurt."
Benio: "......educational...discipline?"
Benio: "Ah, that's right, Akihito. Can I stay with you again too......?"
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "I'm fine with that......but she'll be there all day too. Are you sure?"
Benio: "I'll make excuses to my parents. I think we need to stay together. We still haven't decided what we're going to do, but I plan on giving this my all."
Akihito: "Well, if you say so."
Benio: "Yaaay!"
Benio jumps for joy. She looks up for no particular reason and makes eye contact with Kagome.
Kagome: "――――"
Akihito: "――――――!!!!"
I sense death. I'm going to die. I don't know why, but I'm going to die here!
Kagome: "Akihito, maybe you don't know this, but your dere dere childhood friend is very magnanimous about cheating."
Liaaaaaar!!
Kagome: "However, I hear there have been cases of women turning men into wax sculptures to make them theirs forever, so you should be careful."
......is that a threat of some kind?
Benio: "I'll go get my things."
Mayuki: "My stuff's in a booster pack in a coin locker near here, so my preparations are complete."
Akihito: "You really were dead set on moving back in with me......"
Mayuki: "If you sweat the little things too much, you'll get appendicitis."
Benio: "Anyway, see you later!"
She runs off energetically.
Akihito: "Ah, Benio......I'll go with you."
Kagome: "You aren't coming home?"
Akihito: "Maybe I'm being paranoid, but I feel like none of us should go anywhere alone. You can take Mayuki to our place."
We split up at the bus stop. Benio and I head to her place. Kagome takes Mayuki back to ours.
Benio: "I'm back!"
Benio's mother's apartment. The rich girl's family lives in a pretty nice place.
Akihito: "Stupid bourgeois."
Benio comes out with two sports bags. I grab them with one hand.
Benio: "Ah, you don't need to carry all that for me."
Akihito: "I'm a feminist. Also, have you called your mom?"
Benio: "She's at work, so I'll call her later."
Back to the new heart. We find Hanasaki Street almost deserted.
Benio and I walk together with sports bags on our shoulders.
Benio: "Since we're here, let's buy a few things before going home."
Akihito: "If you mean food, the supermarket near my place has plenty."
Benio: "But today's special."
She smiles brightly, faces forward, and picks her feet up high as she walks.
A special day. We're about to start something. We still don't know what exactly, but......
Akihito: "That sounds good. Let's find some special ingredients."
Benio: "Yes."
Benio gives me a thumbs-up.
We splurge. At the end, we have two more bags of stuff.
Benio: "I guess we should head back now. Mayu-Mayu and Hinaori-san must be sick of waiting."
Akihito: "There's still a couple things left."
Benio: "You want to buy more?"
Akihito: "I want to visit someone, and get some information."
Izalone. My workplace. Two alleys away from the high street of the business district.
The bar's owner is Chai Tianwen. His motto is "always with a smile," but he's actually a very dark man who knows a lot of people in the underworld.
Akihito: "I've been on leave for a while, so I want to say hi to him."
The Owner knows a lot. I'm not expecting any huge leads, but I am hoping for a tiny clue as to what we should do next.
Even if he doesn't know what the Coμnet is up to, the Owner still knows a lot about this city.
Akihito: "Huh......?"
Benio: "What's wrong?"
Akihito: "That's weird."
The door's locked. It should have opened hours ago.
I could understand closing up for a while after what Nomad did, but there isn't even a sign on the door.
The Owner can be eccentric at times, but he takes his job seriously. He'd at least try to tell people if he was closing.
Akihito: "It's locked. Maybe he left to buy something?"
I have a spare key, so I head inside.There's no reason for me to go in. All I can say is I had a bad feeling.
Benio: "Is it okay to just go in?"
Akihito: "I do work here."
Normally I don't use this key much, but I do have it in my wallet to make sure it doesn't get lost or stolen.
The orange evening sunlight streams down into Izalone from the top of the stairs.
I open the door with my key――And a rotten odor oozes out.
Akihito: "......Benio, stay behind me."
Benio: "Eh? What? What's wrong?"
I've gotten used to this smell recently. An unpleasant, ferrous odor.
Akihito: "I smell blood......"
Benio: "Blood......!"
I check both sides of the door, making sure no one's there to ambush us.I think for a moment before deciding to turn the lights on.
Benio: "Hii......!"
Benio gasps. It's in the middle of the bar.
A man lying on the otherwise clean floor, blood flowing out of his chest.
His expression is one of shock, rather than agony.A mask of death unable to believe what happened to him.
I recognize this man, though I don't know him all that well.
Akihito: "......Kugura...Kouichi......?"
One of the Round Table Masters. Leader of their militant faction. Kugura was stabbed in the chest, and he died.
The dim light illuminates his blood, growing darker and sticker as it slowly spreads out......
Benio: "......kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!"
I hurried to cover Benio's mouth, but didn't make it in time. Someone rushes over from the back room.
I try grabbing Benio's hand to run away, but she collapses.
Akihito: "......Owner."
Tianwen: "If it isn't Akihito-kun. You don't have any work today, so what brings you here?"
Miyato: "............"
The Owner and Miya-san show up after hearing Benio's scream.
Chai Tianwen and Miyato Kouzou. A man of the underworld and an inspector for the whole prefecture. It's not rare to see them together. The Owner gets along with him better than most customers.
The Owner's greeting is so ordinary I almost feel like changing into my uniform. The body at our feet and Miya-san's cold gaze keep me focused.
Benio: "D-......Dad......?"
Akihito: "Eh? Wha――......!?"
A shocking curveball flies in from left field. Come to think of it, I think the Owner told me about that a while back when we were drinking here.
Miyato: "Yes, Benio is my daughter. Her surname's different because my wife took her after we split up."
Miyato: "Now what am I to do with all of my love!?"
He pleads to the heavens with a fake smile. In this situation, it just looks comical.
Miyato: "Now then......"
Akihito: "Which of you did this?"
Benio: "Wait......Akihito, what are you......!?"
This doesn't look like a police officer here to interrogate a witness. After all, the door was locked.
Tianwen: "That's a difficult question."
Akihito: "......I take it you've known about connectors for a while."
Tianwen: "You catch on so fast."
Miyato: "Hey, Owner......!"
Tianwen: "I wasn't trying to deceive you, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "I just never asked."
Tianwen: "Well, yes."
Miya-san freaks out a little, but the Owner is so unconcerned, it's enviable.
Benio: "......D-Dad......what's going on......!?"
Miyato: "............"
A slight gesture. But he definitely looked away from Benio. This is complicated.
Akihito: "You will tell us what happened......won't you?"
I look at the Owner.
Benio glances at Kugura's corpse, then grabs my clothes like a child. She's shaking a little.
Benio: "Akihito......"
Tianwen: "I'll tell you."
Miyato: "I guess...we have to......"
The Owner goes up to relock the door.
They know I have an avatar. They aren't locking the door to keep me in, but to make sure no one else interrupts us.
Tianwen: "Now, where should we start?"
Tianwen: "Miyato-san and I are working together."
Tianwen: "Connectors, coμs, avatars......they gather attention, no matter how much a "big power" tries to cover them up. Miyato-san and I noticed them."
His voice is casual, but also slightly cold.
Akihito: "So what did you do?"
Tianwen: "We realized we can use them."
A familiar smile. The female customers often say it's like an angel's.
Tianwen: "There are several gangs in the new heart. Russians, Chinese, Koreans, Japanese too......they have their little turf wars, but things always go back to normal quickly. The map doesn't change much."
Tianwen: "Connectors are convenient tools."
Akihito: "Tools......?"
Tianwen: "They cause a tremendous amount of damage, but most of what they do is covered up, and never gets public attention."
That has to be the System.
Tianwen: "They're powerful, but never make headlines. I figured they would be able to change the balance of power in the new heart."
Eradicate the old kingdom, and build a new one. Chai Tianwen's kingdom.
Tianwen: "Miyato-san and I had a common goal."
Akihito: "I don't really see how you two share any goals."
Tianwen: "We wanted to control the connectors."
Tianwen: "For powerless humans, it's hard to control a connector. The bigger the Coμnet gets, the more of a problem that'll become."
Tianwen: "We needed to thin them out a bit to make sure their numbers didn't get out of control."
Benio: "Thin them......out......?"
Akihito: "You got a detective to help you kill them......?"
Benio's shoulders shake as she understands what her father did.
Miyato: "There are a lot of coμs committing crimes, Mizuwa-kun."
Miyato-san's been quiet until now. He spreads out both arms like an actor.
Akihito: "There are."
Jack the Ripper. The BKs. The coμ that killed Chikashige. There are far more out there we don't know about.
Miyato: "I'm a detective, so I can't ignore that. But the law can't punish avatars. The police......huhu, someone up above is putting pressure on them."
Akihito: "......to not make the crimes public?"
Miyato: "If they never get punished, they'll just do it again. Someone else will get sacrificed."
Miyato: "So that's why."
Benio: "That's why? ......that's all you have to say!?"
Miyato: "............"
Akihito: "......so, you manipulated Kugura to start a bunch of infighting, hoping to cut down the total number of coμs out there."
Tianwen: "We're the ones who set up a smuggling route for his drugs."
Akihito: "......as a source of funds. So that put him into conflicts with other distributors."
Akihito: "......you wanted Kugura to wipe out the other groups, so you could put people you control in their place."
Tianwen: "Correct."
Akihito: "In that case, it sounds like you didn't really achieve your objective."
Thinning the herd of coμs doesn't do anything to stop a stampeding connector from doing damage.
Tianwen: "Kugura was using the coμ hunter. He supplied information the Round Table had on various connectors, so the hunter could wipe them out."
Akihito: "So anyone in Kugura's way, or any criminal coμs you two found......you made the coμ hunter take care of......"
The coμ hunter――Rondo Rondo. Was she aware of this plot? Or did she help them on purpose to achieve her own goal?
Tianwen: "We made a lot of progress, but there was one thing we couldn't control."
Caesar. Letting coμs kill each other will work for the most part, but Caesar is just too powerful, and his actions too well-known.
Gasai wants an empire of connectors. Kugura isn't powerful enough to fight him.
And after Jack the Ripper, the Coμnet has been growing more lawless by the day.
You could say the fantasy ended.
As a result, coμs are fighting each other on a much larger scale, and now it might as well be a war.
Akihito: "Why is Kugura here?"
Tianwen: "You haven't heard, Akihito-kun? The Round Table had a coup recently. They tried to assassinate Kugura, but he managed to make it down here."
Tianwen: "Then he said he'd tell everyone about our plot if we didn't save him. How typical."
Kugura lies on the floor, motionless. The haughty man I saw at the Round Table won't say anything now.
Tianwen: "We don't plan on going down with the ship, and if he summoned his avatar we'd be done for."
Miyato: "We had no choice............"
Miya-san hangs his head. The bar is filled with the smell of Kugura's blood. When I take a deep breath, I feel nauseous.
Tianwen: "You look shocked. Did you think I was a good person or something?"
Akihito: "......of course not......"
So he was hiding this from me the whole time.
I am shocked. It's weird that this is bothering me.
I knew full well that Chai Tianwen was a bad man, but......
Benio: "......how could you do this, Dad......!?"
Benio's been stiff as a stone until now. Her sharp words end there, probably because she can't figure out what else to say.
He's been killing for justice.
Overall, it's no different from what we've been doing.
Akihito: "Owner."
Tianwen: "I did say you could talk to me if anything was ever bothering you."
Akihito: "If I told you I was a connector, you would've used me......"
Tianwen: "I am a bad man."
Akihito: "You mean a filthy man."
Tianwen: "Human relationships are always filthy."
Benio grinds her teeth as tears well up in the corners of her eyes. She yanks on my arm.
Benio: "Let's go, Akihito!"
Tianwen: "What about your job?"
Akihito: "............"
Akihito: "......I'll look for a new one."
Tianwen: "I see. It'll be lonely here without you."
Miyato: "......Benio, Mizuwa-kun. You should think about leaving the city instead of putting yourselves in more danger."
Benio pulls me back outside as they talk to our backs.
By the time we leave Izalone, the business district is quite lively.
====================T0460：決戦・ｖｓカエサル_0603.json====================
Benio was lively during dinner.She makes so much noise she might as well be drunk, and gets touchy-feely with not only Mayuki, but me and Kagome too.
Mayuki: "Aaah, did you eat something past its use-by date, Benio-san?"
Akihito: "Well, the combination of food we had for lunch might've been bad......"
I start making an excuse, then change my mind.
Mayuki: "What? Your face looks like trampled Chinese food."
Mayuki comes out of her room with no coke-bottle glasses.
Akihito: "......where are your glasses?"
Mayuki: "They're heavy, so I took them off. I actually prefer contact lenses."
Kagome: "Hmm."
Kagome gazes at both sides of her, as if sizing up a fish for market.
Kagome: "Better than expected."
Mayuki: "D-don't stare at me like that, it's embarrassing......"
Kagome: "Akihito, I believe lolicons and flat chest fetishists have no right to breathe Earth's oxygen."
She glares at me like a piglet about to be ground into meat.
Akihito: "......that line would piss off about thirty percent of humanity, but for the record I'm neither of those......"
I feel chills down my spine, so my response almost sounds like groveling.
Akihito: "Anyway, where's Benio......?"
Mayuki: "She's not in our room, so......"
As I thought, Benio fled to the veranda.Her face isn't glowing from the lights of the city. Instead she's sitting down, holding her legs against her chest.
Akihito: "You look like a pillbug."
Benio: "Akihito......"
I sit down next to her.
Akihito: "Want a drink?"
Benio: "Yeah, I do. I'll use alcohol to take my mind off it, just like a useless adult."
I hand her a nice, cold can of chuhai. We open our cans at the same time.
Benio: "............
puhaa!"
Benio: "Sorry, I said I'd give this my all, but I've just been getting depressed and worrying you......"
Akihito: "Everyone has bad days."
Akihito: "No one can be that strong."
The heart is fragile, and easily hurt. People who can keep standing on their own are rare, even though in the end you're the only one who can ever save yourself.
Everyone needs support. Something to cling to. Someone's hands. Something to believe in. Love, friendship, and warmth.A fairy tale like a glass castle.
Benio: "When I was little, I......thought my dad was an ally of justice."
Benio: "He was so devoted to his job......but he spent so much time on it that he and Mom started fighting, and got divorced......"
She holds her legs even tighter.
Benio: "It was so lonely......it felt wrong."
Benio: "Doing the right thing should never make someone unhappy."
Benio: "But, it's not that simple, is it?"
Benio smiles. A very hollow smile, with no heart behind it.
Benio: "It was like that with Nomad too. We couldn't save Soejima. Like Izawa always says, I'm just being idealistic......"
Benio: "I want to save everyone......but I can't. No matter what I do, or how I do it......it can't be done."
Benio: "......uu......uuu! ......hiu......uuuuu......"
She bites her lips so hard they change color, and tears appear in her eyes. But she holds back her sobs, and manages not to cry.
Benio: "I...hate it......!"
Benio: "But, but......I still...don't think......what Dad did...was right......!"
Benio just barely stops herself from falling apart.
I stroke her hair without saying anything. I find myself wondering if some things can only be conveyed through physical contact. That'd be convenient.
Benio: "......uuu! ......hi...uu......uu! ......!"
They betrayed and used people. They deceived us and Kugura, and used Rondo.
The Owner and Miya-san.
The Owner is clearly amoral, but do any of us have the right to say that Miya-san was doing the wrong thing?
The world is made of wars. Of fights and invasions. Not everyone can be strong, mentally or physically. Everyone has their own way of fighting.
The strong trample on the weak.
Miya-san had no power, so he used Kugura and Rondo to fight.To kill for justice.
If we claim that's wrong, we're just refusing to acknowledge weakness. We'd be ridiculing him, saying anyone who isn't strong is worthless.
Akihito: "It is hard......"
But so what――?I don't want to accept betraying, lying, or trampling on others.
Even if it's not wrong in this gentle kingdom, I want to believe it's not right either.
Akihito: "Do you mind if I stay here?"
Benio: "......no, please do. I might cry if no one's around......"
Akihito: "Then I'll stay."
Benio: "Yes......please......"
I hear a small noise.The veranda window opens slightly. Kagome and Mayuki's faces peek out.
Akihito: ".........mmm."
I understand Mayuki, but what's Kagome doing out here? She looks down on us with her usual cold, scorning gaze.
The witch never gives others the time of day, but maybe she's just a tiny bit worried about Benio right now.
I can't really tell.
Akihito: "Get some rest today. We'll be busy tomorrow."
Benio: "......okay."
Benio almost starts sobbing, with her face buried between her knees.I stroke her soft hair.
That night, we watch the stars from the veranda, still far too high for us to reach.
The next few days pass quickly. I skip school by pretending to be sick, but there's loads we have to do.
Akihito: "We should try to take care of these problems one at a time."
Kagome: "That's an oddly sensible decision for you, Akihito."
Akihito: "You're the one who pounded this stuff into me."
We'll set Kagome and the System aside for now. First we have to deal with the fighting in the Coμnet――With Rondo and Yoshimori.
Benio: "Let's do this!"
Benio is in charge of daily household tasks. She shows off needless energy as she busily cooks, cleans, and does laundry.
Akihito: "What do you think?"
Mayuki: "What do I think?"
The shut-in idol monopolizes the desk as she wanders through the online sea. She's taken a two-week break from work for appendicitis or something.
Mayuki: "All of it feels tense, like the third episode before the finale. Everyone's saying war could break out at any moment."
Mayuki: "The coμ hunter――Rondo-san was apparently hurt by the Legion recently, so she hasn't been as active."
I skim some of the posts visible in her browser windows. The image board articles all sound brutal. You can feel the tension in each and every one.
Kagome: "That woman is preparing to go after Caesar directly."
Akihito: "......I'm sure Caesar realizes that too."
Kagome: "She'll be like a moth to flame......but in some situations that's the right move. Caesar has many enemies. There's going to be an opening at some point."
Mayuki: "......this makes me feel so small."
She mutters as she moves the mouse around.
Mayuki: "......when this all started, I wanted to go somewhere far away."
Akihito: "You mean when we met Girl A?"
Mayuki: "Yes. After meeting Girl A, becoming a connector, and learning how to use Babylon......"
Girl A―――A nameless songstress. A lonely princess sitting up high.She guides people to the edge of the world, informs them of their destiny, and gives them magic powers.
But Girl A never answers. She's just a system to spawn connectors.What we call Girl A is merely the gorgeous illusion it shows us.
Dreams, goals, and malice can only come from beings with wills of their own.
Killing others, stealing from others, and needing them at the same time is only possible for an incomplete, illogical, foolish construct like the human heart.
Mayuki: "What adults want, being an idol, meeting people's expectations......my parents getting divorced."
Mayuki: "I thought my life had gone to some fantastic place where none of that mattered, and I could fight to save the world or something."
Kagome: "The other end of the rainbow is no paradise. It's no different from where you are now."
Mayuki: "......that's harsh."
Akihito: "......it's unusual for you to actively contribute to the conversation, Kagome."
My eyes open wide.
Kagome: "............"
Akihito: "Gyau! That hurts, that hurts, that hurts!"
I suffer for that remark.
Ayaya: "Senpai-senpai, it's Senpai!"
Once in a while, my kouhai calls me.
Akihito: "You're always lively, Kouhai-kun."
Ayaya: "Nothing pleases me more than hearing your voice, Senpai! You've been absent since the attack on the station and you never answered my calls, so I was getting worried."
Ayaya: "I was about to try visiting your place in person."
Akihito: "It's fine, I'm just a bit sick. What about you, Ayaya? How've you been since the attack......?"
Ayaya: "Ayaya's fine for now, but I can't believe there've already been three more attacks so soon after the bomb at Takakura Station......"
Ayaya's tone plummets. Those "attacks" are fights within the Coμnet.
Ayaya: "Everyone's saying it's just like five years ago. Papa and Mama are saying we should go stay with Grandpa for a while."
Everyone's evacuating. Decades ago, during the war, people fled from the cities into the countryside to avoid bombings.
Nomad's story ended with Soejima.The story ended, but its consequences remain.
A person's will can leave formless shadows behind, like ripples in a pond after a pebble falls into it.
Akihito: "......that might be for the best."
I remember my promise with Yoshimori.
Five years ago, there was a war here. Right now, we can all hear another war approaching. I imagine Ayaya getting hurt by it.My stomach churns. I feel nauseous.
Ayaya: "Senpai, shouldn't you evacuate too? Hinaori-senpai might be an android, but even she can't defeat bombs!"
Akihito: "I'll think about it."
Ayaya: "I'm serious. Seriously serious. If you have nowhere to go, we're completely okay with you staying at Grandpa's place too."
I can feel Ayaya's good will, but I can't leave yet. I apologize to her on the inside.
Akihito: "That aside, I wanted to ask you something."
Ayaya: "What might that be?"
Akihito: "Could you give me Kajou-sensei's contact information?"
I walk through the city, searching for a way to resolve this situation.
The more time passes, the worse these problems get.Chaos grows, the situation worsens, and the second law of thermodynamics guarantees the world will not be saved.
I walk through a back alley in the business district, then another alley past Inubouzaki Theater. I find Izawa here, guarding his turf.
Izawa: "You're alone? What happened to your guardian snake?"
We high-five each other as a greeting. It looks pretty cool in American movies, but Izawa used all his strength for some twisted reason. My hand hurts.
Akihito: "......Kagome has her reasons. You and I are manning the front on this one. And please die, mad dog."
Izawa: "You die, two-faced bastard."
The witch can't be reasoned with. The only way to ensure she won't summon Sting is to keep her in the back.
Akihito: "Let's go."
Izawa and I walk through this powder keg of a city.It's quiet, wary of the upcoming storm.
I've never gone on a date with Izawa before. We keep an ambiguous distance from each other. A heartfelt air passes between us, almost giving me ulcers.
First, we look for Rondo.
Izawa: "She's helping the coμ hunters?"
Akihito: "She is the coμ hunter. Pay attention."
I make a call.
Kururi: "Good morning, Kouhai-kun. Now then, today your mission is to―――"
Akihito: "I'm the one asking you to do something."
Kururi: "Don't be like that, Aki-chan. It's so dangerous these days, and you never show yourself at school, so Senpai wanted a little heart-to-heart communication."
Akihito: "You're giving me heartburn."
Kururi: "I texted you the address of that Rondo Rondo girl, plus some stuff on a friend named Kimizuka since they seemed close."
Akihito: "Thanks. You even know what freebies to throw in. Your fee is in the usual Swiss bank account."
Kururi: "Okay, okay. So what are you doing these days, Aki-chan? Ayaya-chin's been lonely."
What am I doing? That's a good question.
Akihito: "......I'm kinda being the bad guy."
She laughs at me.
I hang up. We head to Rondo's address, though this will probably be a waste of time.
Rondo's apartment. Kimizuka's apartment.Izawa and I walk to their address.
On the hill, Rondo tried and failed to shoot Gasai.Gasai realized his identity was no longer a secret, so he went into hiding.
Very few people knew that Caesar would be on the hill to fight Nomad.
Caesar has many enemies, but few of them know his identity.Gasai probably figured out it was Rondo the same way I did.
Rondo also went into hiding already. I wasn't expecting much, but neither Rondo's nor Kimizuka's apartment has any signs of life. 
I try calling them, but they don't pick up.
Izawa makes a bunch of calls too. Allies, family, people I don't know.
Izawa's invisible connections form a spider's web.They intertwine in a complex pattern. After several calls――
Izawa: "I got an interesting lead. Ready to go?"
A parking garage underneath a large hotel.Izawa's information guides us to a person I haven't spoken to in a while.
Akihito: "Heya."
Nanase: "Mizuwa...kun......"
David: "Oh, please stop there, Mizuwa-kun."
David: "She's the leader of the Round Table now. Please don't do anything rash."
David stands behind her as her capable right-hand man.The imposing bodyguards react noticeably.
The fight with the Anti-Rounds has been getting more intense.They've started moving Nanase around periodically.
Izawa: "You people are depressing."
Akihito: "Congratulations on your promotion."
David: "You came all this way just to say that?"
He carefully measures the distance between us, like a wary guard dog.
Akihito: "I haven't been able to call her recently. I was hoping to talk to her for two minutes."
Nanase: "......all right."
Nanase accepts before David can say anything.
Nanase: "I don't mind. Mizuwa-kun has helped us in the past, and I've been wanting to talk to him."
Akihito: "There isn't much time, so I'll start......is there anything you can still do in this situation?"
I know the answer, but I want to be sure.She might see something I can't from her position.
Nanase: "Probably......not, but we'll keep trying until it ends."
That's not like Nanase. She feels like a puppet whose strings have been cut. I think she's lost weight too.
Nanase: "I was hoping you might help us, Mizuwa-kun."
Akihito: "Sorry, we can't really do that."
David: "That's two minutes."
Nanase looks disappointed, but the man courteously moves her back into the car.
David: "Next time, please book an appointment."
Izawa: "So full of yourselves."
The car with tinted windows drives away.
Akihito: "Powerful people have their own problems to deal with."
You can't stop something huge without a lot of power. Even if you have that power, there are many other things you still can't stop.
We have dinner late today. They must've been waiting for me to get back.
Benio: "Thank you for the food."
Benio always gives thanks after every meal. It's a weird rich girl habit.
Every day I walk around the city before coming home. I haven't gained anything.
Rondo's in hiding, looking for Gasai.Kugura was her source of information, but he's dead, so now she's alone.
Gasai went underground to fight his war with the Coμnet.
It's hard to tell enemies from friends. Attacks bring counterattacks. Counterattacks bring anger. Anger brings yet more attacks. The skirmishes never end.
Akihito: "......how do we stop people from fighting?"
I sit on the sofa and gaze up at the ceiling. This all feels like a waste of time. The witch next to me clears her throat and smiles.
Kagome: "To hold people back, you need to have more power than them, or beat them in a fight."
Benio: "Does that...mean......"
Kagome: "If you kill everyone leading the Anti-Rounds, that should put an end to the fighting. Babylon could probably manage that."
Kill ten to save a hundred. A typical option that always appears in these situations.
It's not wrong, but it's not right either.
Akihito: "Dammit......"
I close my eyes and lean back.
Mayuki: "We still can't find Rondo-san."
Mayuki yawns on the sofa. We're all feeling tired at this hour.
Akihito: "Gasai's hiding from her too. It's like they're playing a game of chicken."
I imagine little boats shaking around a whirlpool. That's exactly what we are right now.
If we want to change anything, to stop anything, we need a tremendous power.
Like what Gasai has.
The cold king. He's the only one trying to bring order to the Coμnet with real power, rather than hollow arguments or unseen kindness.
Akihito: "I can't be like Gasai......nor do I want to."
Kagome looks at me as if I'm a strange creature even rarer than a green naumanni.
Mayuki: "There!"
Benio: "What are you doing, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "This is super-rare, so I recorded it as a youthful memory."
A cell phone camera. She takes another picture.
Akihito: "What? ......is my face that weird? Or do you think I'd be a decent king?"
Kagome: "..................I never thought you'd say something so ludicrous after all this. The mere thought that Akihito has the slightest aptitude for kingship is a blasphemy against human history."
Akihito: "......all of human history?"
We can't do anything alone.Maybe that's why people are connected.We have to make up for each others' deficiencies.
I need to talk to Gasai one more time―――
A phone call interrupts my thoughts. It's from Haru.
Haru: "This might be bad."
The news reaches me through EM waves, with a voice more like a mafia prostitute than a maid.
Haru: "I'm near the new heart right now. Something fell in the business district."
Akihito: "――Fell?"
Mayuki springs into action and checks the internet. She finds an image board where posts are being written about this in real time.
――A monster appeared.
――It's burning.
――Loud noises.
Haru: "They're not even trying to hide it tonight. Ah, another flash. This could be really bad."
Akihito: "Could you come back here if it gets worse?"
Haru: "Good idea. O-Haru-san will retreat before the crowds start panicking. But......"
Haru: "I don't like where this is going."
――Abe Sumako is in the city.
The new heart.
Sumako's a delinquent girl with territory on the south side. She's badly behaved and has wanderlust. She runs away from home a lot.
She currently is running away from home.
She's searching for a place to sleep tonight, and checking the time. Normally she'd find some old man and get him to give her food and a bed.
She doesn't dislike sex. If it gets her a decent place to sleep, she can put up with quite a few things.
She ran away for a silly reason. It's silly, but important to Sumako. Everyone has different standards.
Abe: "......there's no one here."
These days, the city sleeps at night. For most people that's normal, but part of the city usually dances at night. That was a long time ago.
She doesn't like this new, quiet city. It makes her feel alone.
There's no men for her to pick up. She stretches with an annoyed expression. She looks up at the sky between the neon signs of the pleasure district.
――――A monster falls from the sky.
It was a trivial fight.A damaged avatar plummets right into the middle of the pleasure district. Some people come chasing after it, which starts the chaos.
A battle begins in the middle of the new heart.The edge of the world invades the city at night.
More than a few eyewitnesses recognized the monsters from rumors on the internet, but that's not important.
The fact that the Round Table's leader was nearby made the situation far worse.
Uncertain information flies every which way through texts and calls, as more coμs intervene like moths drawn to flame. The chaos spreads out like a volcanic eruption.
Several more explosions follow, and a power line gets destroyed.Darkness falls on part of the new heart.
Monsters writhe, weaving through gaps in the darkness.Innumerable shadows. Shadows. Shadows. Shadows.
They're all steel fantasies, not humans.Monsters that only run rampant in stories.
Technically, it's not even a war――
It's lawlessness.
Akihito: "I'll go on ahead with my moped. O-Haru-san will be here soon in her car, so you guys come with her."
We don't know the precise situation, so I have to get over there.
Benio: "Wait, Akihito! You're going in on a moped!?"
Mayuki: "That's crazy! We don't know what's going on right now, but there've been tons of avatar sightings......"
Akihito: "Being in a car won't make it any safer, and I'm not just going to charge into the middle of it."
What do I plan on doing there? This will also be wasted effort.
But so what――?
Even if we can't stop the general trend, we can still do something.
Kagome: "Two people can ride a moped."
Kagome's already ready to leave.
Akihito: "......I'll pick up Izawa on the way."
Kagome narrows her eyes.
Kagome: "I'm coming with you."
Akihito: "You come later."
Kagome: "Do you want to die?"
Akihito: "......you promised not to use Sting again."
Kagome: "I promised to protect you."
Kagome won't back down.Sting is a ticking time bomb, but she won't hesitate to let it kill her.
Akihito: "If you do that, I won't be able to keep my promise."
Akihito: "You said you'll protect me, and I said I'll protect you."
Akihito: "I'm not letting you die. Don't think I'll let you get away with that."
Kagome: "......if there is a real fight happening out there, you and Izawa won't be able to stop it."
Akihito: "......we can at least do something. Besides, a fight this big might draw Gasai out. Rondo might be there waiting for him."
Akihito: "We'll find her and stop her."
Kagome grabs my arm, with all her strength.
Kagome: "If you die, I'll kill you."
Akihito: "......I'll already be dead if that happens."
She glares right at me, with incredibly sharp eyes.
Pitch-black darkness.Even to Rondo Rondo and Kimizuka Iroha, it's still darkness.
Connectors are only human. They can share their avatar's senses when connected to it, but even that requires practice and aptitude.
Rondo: "......where is Caesar?"
The lights have fallen on the new heart.Rondo Rondo never knew just how dark the city got at night.
Iroha: "El-ahrairah's easy to spot. We'll see him. Stay calm, Rondo!"
A street on the north side. Rondo's coμ of four rushes through the shadows.
Iroha stands at the front. Rondo's behind her.
In the back are the other two. Ichigaya Shuuji and Randou Takashi.A tall, cool-headed guy, and a baby-faced man with bed hair.
Miss Jh floats silently over their heads.
In avatar fights, everyone knows it's important to take positions on the high ground so you can always see the fight, but tonight Rondo's coμ is running underneath Miss Jh.
The blackout happened suddenly.There was no time for them to secure good positions.
Not only are the lights out, but their cell phones don't work. Either an avatar is blocking the signal, or one of the cell phone towers got damaged.
Bombardment. Shouting. Mechanical sounds. Attacks. Counterattacks. Shots flying in all directions. No order to any of it.
Earth, water, air and fire ravage the area under various avatars' control.A handful of the monsters reduce an old brick building to ash in moments.
Rondo: "......we'll never find him like this."
Iroha: "This could work to our advantage, Rondo. With this much chaos, Caesar's defense is sure to be weaker than usual."
Iroha: "As long as he shows up......"
Rondo: "......yes, you're right, Iroha."
They shoot fire. Fire. Fire.Steel monsters roar, run and fall.Another group of nameless people die.
Rondo: "All right, we'll do it here――Rondo Rondo will slay El-ahrairah!"
Miss Jh moves into battle. It defeats every enemy that appears before it. Each kill puts more blood on her hands.
She tells herself it's fine.
She's slaughtered many coμs as the coμ hunter.She isn't going to try and atone for that sin now.
And yet――
Is fear really the only thing she's feeling from this carnage?
Rondo: "I will defeat Caesar. I will defeat Caesar. I will defeat Caesar. I will defeat Caesar."
She chants a spell, as if to lock away her heart.
The pitch-black city goes mad. Red strobe lights and sirens race back and forth.
Waves of people running away.Waves of people coming closer.
I drive my moped through an empty alley where Izawa and I agreed to meet up.
Izawa: "You're late. Where are the others? Are they staying home?"
Akihito: "O-Haru-san will drive them here later. For now you're riding on the back of this."
Izawa: "Riding tandem with you?"
Izawa straddles the cargo rack and grabs on.This is the first time I've ever let a man ride this thing.
Akihito: "So what's going on?"
Izawa: "I don't know. Nobody does. There's a blackout in the new heart, and now cell phones won't work there either."
Light and communications. Without those linchpins of urban life, the world quickly reverts to the stone age.
I start up my moped again. I weave through the fleeing crowds and enter another alley.
Izawa: "Look."
He gestures with his jaw. The sky glows red behind that row of buildings. Something's either burning or smoldering.
A rumbling sound, like distant thunder.
I can see more lights going out. The bright night skyline before us is like another world. I accelerate in that direction, ignoring the speed limit.
Izawa: "Is the coμ hunter here?"
Akihito: "Odds are good. If she is, we'll catch her."
What do we do after stopping Rondo? Make her forget about revenge? Make her atone for the lives she's stolen?
There's no point thinking about it.
Akihito: "......if you cling to me I'll throw you off."
Izawa: "I'll kill you. Shut up and focus on driving."
I push on the moped's accelerator, increasing my speed further.
The steel giants on the surface are all jumbled up.
Three of them form a ball charging down one street.Lances, claws and fangs dance mercilessly through all in their way.
They were Anti-Round coμs, but in this situation it's hard to tell who's on their side.
Everyone near them is an enemy.Everyone shooting is an enemy.Everyone running away is an enemy.
I've been in this area before, but without lights, it's like a labyrinth.All the connectors know there are dozens of avatars here, so they can't safely get rid of their own avatar even if they want to run away.
A building bursts into flame for some reason, and fire pushes back the darkness. Floating embers and smoke rise up.
The three avatars glow orange, moving toward another nearby enemy.
They tear the limbs off a large Pantagruel, then skewer it from both sides.
Man: "Who's next――?"
They lost their senses a long time ago.
The Ivanhoe leading them finds new prey.Its connectors can't see much, but the avatar's senses can pick it out.
The Ivanhoe charges wildly forward.
A flash of light answers it.That gleam cuts the avatar in half, boasting domination of the night.
Just one arrow of that searing light penetrates all the steel giants.
Two go down instantly. The third is lucky enough to survive, but it's mostly destroyed and can't move anymore.
The silver war god passes in front of it. El-ahrairah.The knight's armor is like paper before the champion's sword.
Man: "Hiiii――――Uu!"
El-ahrairah continues moving forward, uninterested in the motionless avatar.
It needs terror.
The silver El-ahrairah has two guards following it.All who behold its majesty are reduced to ash.
Gasai: "Don't bother hunting down the stragglers. Annihilate all who counterattack."
Many coμs rushed over here on uncertain information.That made the situation all the more uncontrollable.
There are no obvious friends or enemies here.In that sense, even the Legion is powerless.
Thus―――His only option tonight is to instill terror. 
To prove to the masses that the champion and his army can bring order to to any chaos.
People understand power when it's displayed in clear, simple ways.
Gasai: "――Everything's going well. Don't let your guard down."
Nearby explosions blow his hair around, but Gasai's resolve doesn't waver an inch.
Yoruko: "......yes, Itsuki."
If violence is the true nature of law and order, then control simply means monopolizing that violence.
Even on a small scale, maintaining order requires power.A family needs a father's fists. A classroom needs a teacher's shouts. A group needs clear boundaries.
In the end, untouchable power is the only thing that justifies control.
Yoruko: "―――El-ahrairah!"
El-ahrairah answers Yoruko and turns its sword to a new enemy.
A beam of light. Miss Jh sees what it's been waiting for.
White light boldly cuts through the pitch-black street.A star shining on earth against the curtain of the night sky.El-ahrairah.
It moves calmly, with the dignity of an emperor, as if on parade.
The war god is a bonfire. The enemies lost and confused in the darkness turn toward it, seeking salvation.
They climb over each other to get to it first, but El-ahrairah destroys them all effortlessly, like a great beast devouring its prey.
Rondo: "You're baiting them out, Caesar......Iroha, can you see where he is?"
Iroha: "I think he's nearby, but it's such a mess over there I just can't tell."
That's what she expected.In this situation, in the middle of all these buildings, the only sure way to defeat Caesar is to blow up the whole city block.
In which case――
Rondo: "――Iroha, we're going in."
Iroha: "Leave it to me. I'll grant your wish, Rondo."
Miss Jh changes from Mode Jekyll to Mode Hyde. To Miss jH.
Miss jH passes through solid matter with a rainbow flare, like a flower blooming in the darkness. It sneaks through the ground like a submarine.
Rondo: "――――That's a shame."
A shadow falls on her long-awaited fight.
Shinomiya Yoruko.Her face appears in Rondo's mind. She doesn't want to ask herself why.
If she learns how she truly feels, she probably won't be able to stand up anymore.
Rondo: "If we can't attack Caesar directly, we'll have to bring down El-ahrairah."
Miss jH turns into a searing lance shooting through the ground, as if Rondo's anger is possessing it.
Dragons. Giants. Unknown steel monsters. Fairytale creatures march down the street.
Foolish groups driven not by fear or animosity, but simple fear.
When connectors lose their minds, their avatars are literally nothing but monsters.
The monsters crush the asphalt in their frenzy, seeking the light ahead.
Yoruko: "―――Fly, 9R!"
El-ahrairah releases all manner of powers.Its tyrannical strength makes the atmosphere tremble.
The nine blades on El-ahrairah's back are released.
9R――Nine blades that fly like missiles, acting as the silver war god's swords and shields.
Five blades cut through the sky above the monsters' heads. Light rains down on them.
9R's arrows of light. Those merciless shots of searing heat instantly destroy the herd of avatars.
――That's what she's been waiting for.
During that momentary pause after destroying all the enemies before him, a rainbow flare rises up out of the asphalt.
Pillars of fire explode in front of El-ahrairah.
Rondo: "――He deflected them!? A shield......Yoruko......!"
El-ahrairah is a legendary avatar that never shows itself.Despite the ferocity of the legend, its powers aren't well known.Perhaps that's why it's a legend.
The shots from underground keep coming, but each one is blocked by the invisible shields of those flying blades.
Miss jH's shots can't penetrate any defenses.They can't break down 9R's shields.
Iroha: "Rondo, we won't hurt El-ahrairah like this. We should go ahead and use them―――"
Hyde Mode's most powerful weapon is a set of seven special shots that can pass through any solid substance, avatars included.
Even El-ahrairah's shields have no way of defending against those.
But those shots are relatively slow. They're more like wire-guided torpedoes.
El-ahrairah's more than capable of annihilating them with sheer firepower before they get close.
Rondo: "―――We'll use them after we get closer."
So close he won't have time to shoot them down.
Iroha: "But Rondo, at that distance......"
Miss jH emits a rainbow flare just before and after passing through solid matter. It's not hard for avatars to detect that.
Mode Hyde relies on the enemy's prejudice that no enemy can travel through solid objects.
If the enemy knew about that power, it could search for them, like using sonar to track a submarine.
Rondo: "This is El-ahrairah. We knew it'd be risky. We'll never defeat the champion if we back down this easily."
She finally glares at her archenemy, her rage exposed.
Iroha: "......Rondo, do it. I'll put my life in your hands!"
Miss jH races through the ground like a bird in flight. Flares continue bursting in its wake.
As the other avatars crowd around El-ahrairah, Miss jH moves directly underneath it.
It's trying to use its special shots.
Miss jH aims its seven deadly arrows directly overhead.The "swords" fly around it.
Rondo: "――He knows we're here!"
El-ahrairah sensed Miss jH's approach. It knows the flares indicate where it passed through the ground, so it fortified itself with 9R.
Maybe the Legion coμ that got away from them told him.Or maybe Shinomiya Yoruko figured it out after seeing the "Hammer of Brody" at the factory.
Iroha: "They know we're here, but they still can't see us. They can't target us directly!!"
The war god's nine blades swirl around Miss jH as it sails through the ground.
They spin around it, shooting arrows of light from above it at every angle.
The arrows shoot through the street and graze Miss jH.
Flowers of fire, like depth charges targeting a deep-sea hunter.Beneath them, Miss jH aims at the war god's head.
Iroha: "――Mode Samiel."
The arrows of light form a ceaseless monsoon, but none of them score a critical hit. The goddess of revenge loads all seven rounds as its body is slowly torn apart.
Iroha has never tried controlling all seven at once before.If these miss, they'll have nothing left.
Rondo: "Caesar―――"
El-ahrairah looks down arrogantly.Its nine blades fly around like loyal servants, their silver armor gleaming.
They finally pin down Miss jH's location.
―――And they shoot!!
But when Miss jH slows down, Iroha releases the seven shots.
Seven warheads fly up through the rainbow flare on the ground. 
Rondo: "Caesar――!!"
Yoruko: "――――Rondo Rondo."
So that is Rondo.
Someone shot Gasai on the hill.The coμ hunter has been targeting the Legion.One survivor reported seeing rainbow flares just like this.
Gasai already knew Rondo was behind those attacks.
But no matter who it is――
Yoruko clears her mind and gives 9R the order.
Those shots are like wire-guided torpedoes. As long as they're connected to Miss jH, they can change direction at will and pass through any substance.
9R shoots down the first two.Rondo knew these slow rounds would be more vulnerable.
Seven warheads. The first four are bait. The last three are serious.They were launched at slightly different times, and ordered to approach El-ahrairah's head from the left, right and top.
Iroha detonates the next two rounds herself, before 9R can destroy them.
Fire and shockwaves fill their vision, creating a momentary opening.
Even El-ahrairah can't react as quickly when it can't see.
Iroha's different. Mode Hyde always involves moving through the ground, out of sight, so she's been training for this day with every fight.
Iroha: "Rondo, I will――――"
―――Her vision grows hazy.
Controlling all seven shots pushes her over the limit.She forces her brain to keep operating, guiding the remaining three.
Iroha: "Give you Caesar's head――――!"
Through her avatar's senses, Iroha locks on to El-ahrairah's position through the smoke.
At this distance, it can't avoid them in time, nor can 9R shoot them down.
Three warheads remain.
Rondo: "What......is it doing!?"
Rondo sees it through her avatar's senses.
Enormous, swirling waves of heat surround El-ahrairah.
It released its nine blades, but the silver war god still holds its final sword in its right hand. Its name is Hazel.
Gasai: "Burn all creation, El-ahrairah―――!"
The war god roars in response.A frenzy of bluish white lightning surrounds its silver armor.
Light. An overwhelming whirlpool of raging light.
Gasai: "――――Judgment of Frith!!"
The light and heat can vaporize anything they touch, but that's just a bonus.
Within El-ahrairah's tremendous heat, Hazel creates a "fault" in space.
It separates all manner of substance.
El-ahrairah's sword is so powerful that even its excess heat can burn the world.
The asphalt is burned away. The earth is torn apart.
The silver champion advances proudly, and gazes down on a half-melted Burroughs.
Miss jH couldn't maintain its Caspar form anymore, so it reverted to a Burroughs.
Rondo: "Iro...ha......Iroha, please, answer me......"
Gasai: "Are you the coμ hunter?"
A steel voice makes Rondo look up.
She holds Iroha in her arms like a lifeless doll.Her eyes burn with anger at Gasai and Yoruko.
Rondo: "Caesar......Yoruko......"
Rondo: "......it's not like you to show yourself in public, King."
Yoruko: "............"
Yoruko's silent.She may act cold, but she can't hide her pain as Rondo's hatred pierces her.
Gasai: "You're the only one left, coμ hunter."
He isn't referring to the battlefield. The two men in Rondo's coμ are gone. Either they got separated, or El-ahrairah's attack vaporized them.
And Iroha won't answer her anymore.
Gasai: "Those who violate Caesar's laws must be punished. That fear, that fact is vital for my new kingdom. You shall die as its cornerstone, coμ hunter."
The coμ hunter is a fitting target.A monster that attacked many other coμs and spilt a great deal of blood.
Rondo: "You killed my brother――――"
She grumbles in an abyss of despair.
Gasai is unmoved. By the blood he's spilled, and the bodies he's piled up. His gaze doesn't waver in the slightest.
Gasai: "Finish her, El-ahrairah."
El-ahrairah's sword swings coldly down toward Rondo――――
But the black dragon catches it.
The silver champion freezes at the black dragon's arrival.
During that momentary pause, I drive up to Rondo on my moped, hit the brakes and leap off.
Rondo: "Mizu...Mizuwa......Iroha......she......!"
Normally Rondo stands tall even in defeat, but she's freaking out right now.
Rondo: "Protected......me......"
Iroha doesn't move a muscle. It's too dark and I'm too far away to tell her exact condition, but she's clearly hurt bad.
Gasai: "You came, Clown?"
Akihito: "It's not like you to come out in person, King. What brought this on?"
Gasai stands on the rubble beneath El-ahrairah, glaring down from above with Yoruko at his side.
Three others stand behind them. The rest of El-ahrairah's connectors.
Gasai: "This isn't a war. This is a comedy and a tragedy. A stage for fools. I stand here to impress my authority upon the masses."
Gasai: "You have no place here, Clown."
Izawa: "I'm in no mood to listen to your crap."
Izawa raises his right hand. El-ahrairah backs up, avoiding Babylon's sharp claws, only for pitch-black fangs to follow them.
The black dragon stands between Rondo and the silver war god.Sparks fly as fangs block the sword.
Akihito: "......if I asked you to show mercy on her, would you?"
Gasai: "That woman is the coμ hunter."
Akihito: "I know."
Rondo is the coμ hunter. She's killed several people.
Regardless of her reasons, and whether or not there's a justice system that can sentence her......
Many people would still want Rondo to die for what she's done.
Considering what she's done, they aren't wrong to want that.
Gasai: "Caesar cannot forgive those who disrupt order."
Gasai: "The Coμnet needs a new legend of terror, or there will never be law and order."
Akihito: "So you're saying you can't let her live......?"
Gasai: "The coμ hunter is a source of fear for the Coμnet. No one would follow a king that can't ensure peace."
Gasai's right. That's the edge of the world.The boundary defining his kingdom's domain.
Such faint boundaries only become real when everyone believes in them.They're fairy tales, like glass castles.The kingdom collapses when people stop believing in it.
There are many eyes and ears on this fight. Gasai can't back down.
Rondo: "Who would ever......follow a murderer...like you......!?"
Gasai raises one hand.
Yoruko obeys her king. She glances silently at Rondo for one moment, then gives the silver champion the order.
Yoruko: "El-ahrairah, blade!!"
El-ahrairah releases all the blades on its back, except for the two deploying shields around itself and Gasai.
9R―――
We've see their power during the fight with Nomad.Those nine blades can all fly and fight independently, acting as one of the king's sources of authority.
The king with a thousand enemies and his nine blades.El-ahrairah is an army of one.
Rondo: "............!"
Rondo groans from defeat and regret, rather than despair and pain.She holds Iroha close to her chest.Vexed tears fall as the king's hammer comes down.
Akihito: "Rondo, get out of here."
Rondo: "Wh-what!? I can't...just run away......when Caesar's...right in front of me.――Rondo Rondo would never allow such humiliation!"
Miss JH makes noises like grinding gears. It's so badly damaged it can't fight anymore, but it still tries to move in response to Rondo's will.
Izawa: "Ha! ......your avatar is pretty stubborn."
Akihito: "You can't win like that. Get out of here. We'll buy you some time."
Rondo: "Caesar...Gasai, he......!"
Akihito: "Either get your revenge, or save Kimizuka! Pick one!"
Rondo looks back and forth between the pale face in her arms and the silver champion. If she fights, Iroha will die regardless of the outcome. If she runs away now, Iroha might survive.
If Rondo still chooses revenge――
Rondo: "Uu, u......uuu!"
She agonizes for a few moments.
Rondo's face contorts like a child on the verge of crying, but she stands up with Iroha on her shoulders, and staggers away over the mountain of rubble.
Miss JH sinks into gate light.
The merciless white light aims for Rondo and Iroha.
Darkness blocks 9R's arrows of light. Babylon's ten points cut through the world, and a gravity shield appears from the darkness.
Gasai: "Clown, I have no reason to fight you."
Akihito: "......you made Rondo the way she is, King."
Gasai: "Yes, I did. What of it? I'll do the same thing as many times as it takes."
Kill a hundred to save a thousand.
I can't help but agree with what he's doing.
The world is full of conflicts and contradictions.It's dizzyingly fast, and humans can never keep up with it.
A gentle kingdom, where I'm always too late.Even the little things I can do slowly disappear.
Gasai may not be right, but he's not wrong either, if saving those hundred people would mean losing a thousand......
Only in stories can kindness alone save the world.
But so what――?
Akihito: "I――"
I'll deny that conclusion.Not because it's wrong, but because we mustn't forget.
If we simply accept that he had to do what he did, and forgive him for all of it, I won't be able to tell what's right or wrong anymore.
So I won't forgive him, and I won't forget the people he's killed or the sins he's committed.
Akihito: "I will deny you, King."
Yoruko: "......!"
Gasai: "Very well, Clown. You are now an enemy of Caesar."
Gasai: "Tonight's banquet will end. Your black dragon will adorn the closing curtain. Add your name to the legend of Caesar as another cornerstone of the new Coμnet."
Izawa: "Just die already."
The silver war god El-ahrairah towers over us as an unmoving fortress.It turns into a comet, leaving a trail of burning white light as it races toward Babylon.
Izawa: "He's charging us!?"
A blatant full-frontal charge.The king has a thousand enemies and is said to be invincible.It majestically cuts through the wind, flattening all who oppose it.
Akihito: "No good, we've gotta charge too!"
Izawa: "That's overkill. What's with him tonight?"
Four blades fly over the dragon's head.They aim for Rondo and Babylon's back.
The king is calm and merciless.Unlike shounen manga villains, we can't simply talk him out of it.
The black dragon is just a rebel, and the coμ hunter is an enemy of the world. He has to defeat the coμ hunter.
Babylon can't knock down all four blades. Either we put pressure on him so he has to call them back, or defeat him before he can attack Rondo.
We don't even have the option of hiding behind our shield until reinforcements arrive.
Babylon currently has all five connectors. Haru and the others must be nearby.
Izawa: "――Then let's sing tonight!"
He counterattacks head on. A loud rumble tears through the night as the white war god clashes with the black dragon.
It swings its sword three times in a row. Babylon deflects them with its claws, fangs and black shield, but it still gets blown away into a nearby building.
Akihito: "Izawa, he's stronger than us. Don't try to overpower him!"
Izawa: "You focus on the shield!"
I leave control to Izawa the Fighter.The other three are loaded in, but they can't see us yet.
That means Babylon's performance is still suboptimal, so the only way we can hope to fight El-ahrairah is to rely on Izawa's skill.
Babylon awkwardly picks itself up as the silver war god closes in.
Three more swings. We can't completely block the last one.Babylon loses twenty percent of its power.
Akihito: "――――!"
The silver war god swings its sword in an invincible dance.Each hit blows Babylon away like a twig.
I'm terrified now, but it's too late.The black dragon flies over our heads and crashes into an old building.
The ground shakes. Rubble and dirt pour down on us. A dust cloud rises up.
Akihito: "――――!!"
The wind knocks me down. I can hear my flesh and bones grind as I slam into the ground. I taste dirt and blood.
......can I stand?
Yes, I can still stand up.
Akihito: "Oooou......!"
Izawa: "Damn you――――"
I can see Izawa staggering out of the rubble, grinding his teeth in humiliation.
If it was possible to kill someone by looking at them, no one would survive Izawa's gaze tonight.
But that isn't enough.
Gasai and Yoruko.They're too far away for me to see their expressions, but their will is clear.
―――They're going to kill us.The white war god towers over us like fate itself.
It's strong―――
It literally kicks Babylon aside. El-ahrairah is said to be invincible.Tonight's rampage proves that legend is not exaggerated.
Akihito: "Not yet――――"
Not yet. I can't go down here.
The white king raises his sword. The silver tool shines blue in the moonlight.
There's a weight on my shoulders. If I was the only one getting hurt here, I could accept dying from my own foolishness.
But if I lose―――The rest of my coμ is still connected to this avatar.
All five of them will die.
Benio, Mayuki, Izawa, Haru, and me.
―――Then what should I have done?
If I let Rondo die, nothing would've happened.
My own power is just a drop in the bucket. I can't stop the tide from rising, nor can I make it rise any faster. So I could've simply watched it happen.
And Rondo is the coμ hunter, so we have every reason to abandon her.
A gentle world. If you cut through it with logic, and divide it up with theories, eventually you won't be human anymore.
Human life is worthless. It should be worth more than the Earth.But if saving one person would save the world, killing them would be just as powerful.
Despite all of that―――I can't give up. I can't forgive him.
―――I remember the red color.A part of my heart was taken away for no reason.My mother's hands. He took her life away, so I took his.
Was that right? Was it wrong? Could I have done something differently?
Those questions have no answers. I just......
―――I just couldn't let myself die after that.
Akihito: "――Babylon!!"
I shout with anger, abandoning all reason. El-ahrairah ridicules me.
The champion's sword splits the atmosphere in a straight line, coming down right onto Babylon.
Izawa still hasn't recovered, so I'm the only one who can stop it.
A moment of death, with no time for regret, hesitation or sorrow.The witch's face crosses my mind.
The foolish witch――A woman who wouldn't hesitate to crush her own life.
―――I promised to protect her.
Akihito: "Ooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa――!!"
It all comes down to this moment. If I don't block this, we all die.
If I die―――Who's going to protect that idiot――?
The explosion pierces my ears. He isn't even attacking yet, but merely gathering up the energy produces a violent shockwave.
El-ahrairah's sword could be mistaken for lightning right now.But it hasn't come down. The black dragon's arm hasn't been cut.
Izawa: "――――"
It blocked it. The black shield of gravity concentrated enough to block El-ahrairah's sword.
Izawa finally recovers from the shock earlier, and takes control again. Babylon starts moving.
Akihito: "............!"
I lose vision in my right eye. Blood's gotten into it.The rubble from before must've cut my forehead.
El-ahrairah's "Hazel" groans.A series of rushing waves. We can't deflect them anymore.
Akihito: "――――"
I feel death. Decisions carry responsibility, for my life and others' lives.
Lives lost because of my foolishness.
But so what―――?
I don't want to let Rondo die.
Akihito: "Izawa, dodge it!!"
My heart is almost broken, but a small flame supports it, seemingly consuming my body to keep itself alive.
Babylon awkwardly evades.
Living and wishing. They always involve contradictions. There is no correct answer.
If I just wanted to live, I could live alone on the top of a mountain.Never knowing anyone, meeting anyone, or talking to anyone.I would never be connected to anyone, and thus never lose anything.
But no one can live alone.
People hurt each other when they come into contact.We know it's sad when we lose things, but we still seek the hands of others, searching for a moment of comfort.
Akihito: "......aaah."
Life and contradiction are synonyms.
Living gets you hurt. Everyone avoids the boundary called pain, but living always involves experiencing pain.
Because we're weak.
This gentle kingdom.This world is so gentle, equally altruistic toward all things.
In other words, there's no difference between anything.All wishes are equally meaningless.
It's overly kind, so it never chooses which wishes to grant, and we have to fight over each others' domains.
Akihito: "――――I'm not dying here."
I can't die.
I promised to protect her.
And promises are made to be broken.
El-ahrairah's sword is coming down on Babylon.
The sword's overwhelming pressure turns to lightning, smashing the dragon's body.
Izawa: "God dammit――!"
The black dragon is blown away by the full force of that attack.
A second later the noise and shockwave reach me and Izawa.We slam into the ground, unable to brace ourselves in time.
I can't move my body for a moment, but I still force myself to sit up, and look at the white champion.
The battered black dragon crawls shamefully along the ground. El-ahrairah holds its enormous sword up vertically, like a ceremonial farewell.
Fighting spirit, anger, and resolve mean nothing to this champion.
I can order the black dragon to stand, but it's buried under the rubble.All it can do is squirm around.
Gasai: "It's over, Babylon."
Then, from above......
An enormous arm grabs El-ahrairah.
An arm so enormous it can grab an avatar.It's beyond human understanding.
Yoruko: "――――――!?"
Gasai: "―――Tear it apart, El-ahrairah!!"
A pitch-black arm that can only be a demon lord incarnate. Yoruko freezes with fear, while Gasai holds firm and fights back with the war god's sword.
That enormous sword releases an explosion of light. It's only a tenth of the glow that took down Rondo, but it's enough to push the arm back.
That light illuminates an unreal form befitting the arm. A pitch-black giant over twenty meters tall, towering above us with no eyes or nose.
Yoruko: "This is......it can't be――"
Gasai: "Gigano!"
A legend of the Coμnet. Many doubt the pitch-black giant even exists, and it's said all who meet it die. The name of Gigano is carved into it as a taboo.
El-ahrairah's light burns through the night for a moment, then flies off into the sky with the stars.
The giant is scattered.
That body of darkness has been pulverized, but that was only a transient form.
At the giant's core lies a steel blade. An eternal blade without a single flaw.
Sting――――The Omnipotent.
It has a different form now.
I thought it was a single steel blade, but it's actually made up of countless super-thin ribbons laid atop each other.
Mode Sauron――
The black giant of death created by Sting's power.
A false power it uses to conceal its identity.
Kagome: "――――Sting, Mode Nazgul."
The witch's blade unravels that enormous humanoid field, reverting to its usual metallic chrome form.
Akihito: "Dammit, I told you not to summon it――!"
The witch stands before the champion.She shows a sharp smile as the eternal blade floats behind her.
Gasai: "There you are, witch."
Kagome: "That man is mine, not yours. Be gone, Caesar, and you might live."
Gasai: "I would, if you weren't the witch."
They exchange cold gazes.
Gasai: "A survivor of the "war." Kajou......that man was right."
Gasai: "Everyone here has seen you now. They know you are Sting's connector, the controller of the black giant."
Gasai: "You are a curse. The first curse this city ever suffered."
Gasai: "They tried to erase and cover up all record of what happened. No doubt they believed the truth had been locked away forever. But――"
Gasai: "They can't erase our memories. I know what I saw with my own eyes five years ago."
Gasai: "A giant of darkness. An enormous black demon―――I know what you did, witch. I know that giant created "ground zero.""
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "Gasai......"
Izawa: "......I told you."
Five years ago, something happened in this city.Terrorist attacks that dominated the news for seven days and nights.
But that was a fairy tale. An illusion given to us after the fact by the System. There never were any terrorists.
It was a "war" between coμs. Arguably, it was no different from terrorism, since they killed many people and destroyed large parts of the city in the process.
Gasai: "I saw it that night. On the night of destruction. Many others saw it too."
Gasai's voice rings crystal clear, like a lead actor's soliloquy.As he said, this city is a stage tonight.
Gasai: "The black giant towering in the Eastern sky―――The demon that created ground zero."
Gasai: "We know it was you, witch. You are the demon that once destroyed this city. Everyone here knows that now."
Gasai: "Thus, I will slay you. The enemy of order, the enemy of the world.Not as revenge, but as retribution. You will form the foundation of my throne, witch."
For the first time, El-ahrairah holds its sword with both hands.It points up to the sky, prepared to challenge the witch, like unwavering, unflinching, unshakeable justice.
Kagome: "You made a foolish choice, champion. People cannot fight a witch."
Kagome: "If you want destruction, I'll give it to you. Your anger, your indignation, your curses, your anguish――――If you think such things will defeat me, go ahead and try."
I should tell her to stop, but my throat is frozen.It's impossible to stop Kagome and Gasai anyway.They glare at each other like sworn enemies.
Sting and El-ahrairah.The eternal versus the invincible.
It sounds like a contradiction, and no one knows who might win.If they fight, one legend will end today.
Kagome: "―――Pierce him, Sting!"
The witch raises her right arm.Sting turns its blade toward the champion's heart.A literal one-hit kill from the tyrannical blade that none can block or evade.
But Sting is merciless because of a logical need, not because Kagome has no emotions. 
Even she can't control Sting perfectly with the rest of her coμ dead.
Just being connected to that ticking time bomb eats away at her mind and body.
Thus――――She uses the fastest, strongest attacks she possibly can.
Akihito: "――――"
My throat feels like it's burning, but I still can't tell her to stop.
Gasai: "I saw Sting once on the hill, through 9R's senses. Witch, you are stronger than me. There is no power that could ever compare to Sting."
Gasai: "An eternal, untouchable being. A witch that none have ever defeated."
Gasai: "――――But, this is a war."
Merciless arrows of light.El-ahrairah's blade fires searing arrows, but not at Sting.
Akihito: "――――!?"
Everything burns white.9R's arrows of light fall down precisely toward me.
Humans have no way of defending against this. Even the concrete around me melts in an instant before this heat, but an invisible wall blocks it.
Kagome: "Damn you――――"
She spits out those words, as if her anger and resentment was rising up out of the abyss.
With just one shot, Gasai Itsuki found Hinaori Kagome's weakness.
The witch throws every curse she can at the enemy she should be devouring whole.
The ferocious clash of wills makes my hair stand on end.
Gasai: "This is a war, not a duel. I need to defeat you, and there's only one way to do that."
Yoruko: "――Yes."
A moment's hesitation, then Shinomiya Yoruko gives the order.All nine blades fly in tandem.
Kagome: "Sting――!"
Arrows of light rain down without pause. The nine blades surround us and shoot down from the sky onto Sting's defensive field.
Three shots. Four shots.The arrows of light keep coming, obscuring our vision.Even the champion's heat cannot defeat the eternal Sting.
No matter how many times he does that, the war god's arrows will never break through the witch's defenses.
But―――
Gasai: "You lose, witch. In every era, a single drop of poison is what brings down the tyrant."
If she lets even a single arrow through......
All of us will die. Sting has no choice but to focus on defense.
Five shots. El-ahrairah's lightning continues coming toward Kagome, clashing with Sting's light.
Akihito: "Kagome, that's enough――Just do it!"
The witch ignores me, and does the same thing as before.
El-ahrairah shoots, and Sting takes it.The witch's blade can't move forward.
If it attacks, it can defeat El-ahrairah, but then I'll die.So Kagome can't move.
―――I'll protect you.
She's still trying to keep that stupid promise, even at a time like this.
Akihito: "Kagome, just do it already!"
Kagome: "Be quiet! Let me take care of this!!!"
An avatar's weakest part is its connectors.There's no way to defeat Sting directly, but that weakness remains.If he kills Kagome, the blade will crumble.
An eighth shot hits.There still isn't a single chink in Kagome's armor.If there was, Gasai would break through it.
A ninth shot. How many more can she take?We can't simply stand here forever, so something has to give.
She deflects it again. She can't attack or retreat, so she keeps standing her ground and blocking the light.
It's pointless.Kagome knows that perfectly well. Logic disassembles the world.
The witch's avatar, with over four hundred and twenty thousand action points. In terms of raw power, it would be trivial to keep blocking until El-ahrairah can't shoot anymore.
Yoruko: "Bigwig! Blackberry!"
It's like trying to stop a river with your bare hands.
Kagome has to deflect all of the champion's arrows, but she's already well past her limit.
Kagome: "――――!"
She grits her teeth.
A face I've never seen before.Not her cold smile or scornful gaze, but a look of desperation.A predicament where she can only keep defending.
Akihito: "Gasai......!"
Gasai: "This is a war, Clown. Those who should win will win, and those who should be destroyed will be."
Gasai: "Hinaori Kagome is a pawn of the System. Whether she wanted that or not is of no concern to me. I have all the reason I need to destroy her, and many others want to see her fall."
Five years ago, she created ground zero, and was the sole survivor of the war.
A connection called the past.The records were erased, altered, and covered up by the System, but they couldn't erase everyone's memories.
Hundreds of grudges and curses lay at Kagome's feet, including Soejima.
Akihito: "――――――Aaah."
I finally face the truth.
No, I knew this a very long time ago.
I knew it, but I―――
Akihito: "――――Babylon."
I shout with a burning throat.
The black dragon quivers underneath the rubble. It can't move.
Akihito: "Babylon!!!"
History repeats itself.
Those cursed lives killed by Kagome.The so-called witch even took Soejima's life.
―――She said she'd protect me.
A foolish witch who continues to keep that foolish promise.
She could defeat Gasai easily if she just forgot about me.
If she stopped defending, Sting's blade could cut El-ahrairah apart.
And yet......
Kagome: "――――Sting!"
She blocks, defends, and obstructs.The eternal blade cuts down arrows of light, rather than enemies.
She can't let a single one through. More than ten have been blocked already. They'll both keep doing this until one runs out of energy. Neither will give an inch.
That's definitely Hinaori Kagome.
When I found her that day on the footbridge, she hadn't changed a bit.
I wanted to be alone, so I'd never suffer the pain of losing someone again.
And yet, no one's allowed to live or die alone.
Bad things keep happening. Like a nightmare. Like someone's malice. Modest wishes, honest acts, meager peace, and hard work can all get crushed without recourse.
Akihito: "――――――――"
But so what―――?
Akihito: "――――Stand!"
Akihito: "Babylooooooon!!!!!"
A battered black arm breaks through the rubble, reaching out of its grave like the undead.
====================T0462：道化と魔女_0521.json====================
Ten points cut through the world.Rubble and wreckage are blown away as black darkness invades. The shining obsidian dragon uses what little strength it has to stand up once more.
Akihito: "Izawaaaa! Wake the hell up! We need you awake for this!!"
Izawa grits his teeth and stands up.
Izawa: "Geez......you can be so demanding......!"
The black dragon gets down on all fours like an animal.It's so battered and bruised that even standing on two legs is too hard.
Gasai: "The black dragon still stands?"
Yoruko: "Mizuwa, how? ......it shouldn't be......"
The dragon moves toward the white war god, El-ahrairah.The victor takes notice of the threat, but isn't moved.The king's eyes observe the black monster's final moments.
There's only a moment to decide. The five offensive blades scatter in all directions, keeping their aim firmly on Sting and Kagome.
9R acts like a well-disciplined army.The war god's nine swords load their last arrows.
Gasai: "Mizuwa――Very well......if you think you can do it, give it your best shot!!"
The white king calls me by name before the black dragon.
Akihito: "――――Gasai!!"
Gasai looks down. I look up. Our eyes meet for only an instant.
The pitch-black dragon suddenly sprints forward, as if its leash was taken off.
Without hesitation or anguish.
I know that we'll die if I stop for even a moment.
There's only one thing I need to do.Move forward. As far forward as I can, without stopping.
Izawa gave me control of Babylon, so I order it to accelerate.
The rubble around the black dragon explodes, as if caught in the exhaust of a jet engine.
A gravity catapult. I use all the MP it has left to blast the black dragon forward like a bullet.
A moment before El-ahrairah reacts.
Babylon flies toward it faster than sound.The dragon looks more like a bird as it shoots over the ground.
Shinomiya Yoruko stands before the four meter pitch-black bullet.
Yoruko: "Defend, 9R!!"
The war god's three defensive blades create three phase space shields to block the dragon's final effort.
The knight's shield obstructs the dragon.Babylon and 9R clash, sending sparks flying.
Yoruko: "Fiver――!!"
Scolding, close to shouting.The shadow crossing Yoruko's eyes vanishes in an instant.Caesar's knight throws all hesitation aside.
El-ahrairah's shield could fight back against even Nomad's lance of death.That chain of invisible barriers holds the black dragon at bay.
Akihito: "――――――!"
Even our last desperate attack does nothing to El-ahrairah.That firm white wall towering over the world.This won't stop it. This isn't enough.
I can't make up for the fact that El-ahrairah is far more powerful.The nine blades absorbed the strongest attack we can muster, and knock us back without effort.
We need power――Or at least a weapon――
Like when that "death goddess" came from the edge of the world, and gave me a curse on that gray roof.
A sharp, unbreaking, eternal――――
――――――Kagome.
Kagome breathes heavily.Her legs are quivering, barely able to support her body.I've never seen the black witch like this.
This is the price she paid for making Sting perform so many precise movements. She forces herself to stay upright, gritting her teeth and barely staying conscious.
Sting kills its enemies. It uses its power to kill, pierce, and tear apart. This is what happens when uses it for something else, like protecting people.
So――
Akihito: "Kagomeee――――!"
Kagome: "―――Akihito?"
Akihito: "Come here!!"
I use as few words as possible, but she still understands.
The final arrow.To fill a gap that can never be filled......
Everything people have build up.Things. Systems. Feelings. Abilities.To break down this gentle world......
Kagome: "―――Go, Sting!!"
Sting flies. This is the witch's final shot.
A flawless metal blade. The witch's sublime weapon.
Sting no longer has the speed and luster it once did.The steel blade is eternal, but its connector has limits.Even the witch can't escape the fact that her body is human.
Sting can't beat El-ahrairah like this.It may tear through the war god's armor, but unless it kills it completely, 9R's counterattack will hit Kagome.
A ray of metallic light cuts through sound itself, rushing toward the black dragon, as it continues clashing with 9R's shields.
Sting changes form.
The ribbon-shaped blades its made of expand out like a flower.
Several steel bands twist around Babylon's arm.The black dragon holds up the witch's white steel like a lance.
Yoruko: "What is she――――――!?"
Sting and Babylon. Two avatars connect.
Akihito: "――――――!!"
The gravity fields of both avatars run wild around them.
Sting's power was limited because it only has one connector, but now it has six.
Babylon and Sting――
Their combined power is far beyond that of either Sting or Babylon alone.
Black darkness expands.Black. Black. Black. Black.
A black hurricane. The surge of power turns heaven and earth upside down, flinging dirt and rubble into the air.
The center of that storm is beyond Kagome's or 9R's ability to track.
Akihito: "――――――!!"
I touch it. Our avatars have combined in such a way that my mind can "touch" Sting's core.
Four hundred and twenty thousand action points. A power too extreme for any being, like a white dwarf star collapsing under its own weight.
It drives you mad. It kills you. It destroys you. Humans must not touch this. This is unbearable. This is a sign of impending doom.
It lasted less than a second.That was enough to learn the meaning of destruction―――
I push those thoughts aside and focus on the enemy before us.
　　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The black dragon roars.Ten pitch-black points cut through the world.Fourteen eyes burn bright red.
Akihito: "Oooou!"
Babylon answers my shout, and the blade in its left hand flashes.
It tears through 9R's shields and three of its blades without pause.
The black dragon wielding the eternal blade. Sting and Babylon.The gravity fields of both avatars combined make the atmosphere tremble.
The color spilling out of them eats away at the world itself.
With the magic sword in hand, Babylon becomes a black arrow.It shoots toward the champion. Nothing can stop it now.
Gasai: "You think that's enough to stop me!? Mizuwa!!"
There's no way two avatars can connect to each other.
Even in the astronomically unlikely event they did......
That'd be equivalent to giving your lives and souls away.
Akihito: "This is enough―――Gasai―――!!"
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
Izawa: "Mizuwa!!"
Kagome: "――Akihito!"
Akihito: "―――Babylon!!"
Screams tear apart the night.Sting cleaves through the atmosphere.Babylon's body races across the ground like lightning.
Yoruko: "Itsuki!"
Gasai: "―――El-ahrairah!!"
El-ahrairah's sword answers the lightning with a tidal wave.The war god concentrates all of its remaining power to create a star on the Earth's surface.
This meteoric energy――The Judgment of Frith that burns all creation.
White and black collide.
Without any warm-up, or any sparks――
The star on Earth comes to an end, cut apart by Sting.
The sharpness of Sting's blade is not a physical property.It's a repulsive force that prevents anything from ever touching it.
Like Babylon, it's turned gravity control into a weapon.
The repulsion around Sting's blade won't allow even a "fault" in space to approach it. Everything coming close is dissolved on the quantum level.
Technically it's not slicing, but deatomizing.
All substances and phenomena are equally powerless before Sting's blade.
Akihito: "Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa――!!"
The sublime blade pierces the towering silver war god without a sound.
The black storm leaves.Babylon and El-ahrairah.Both avatars fall to the ground, lying on top of each other.
Babylon's covered in injuries, and Sting cut off most of El-ahrairah's right half.
The loud metal scraping signals the end of this fight.
Akihito: "K-Kago――――"
I rush over to Kagome.The witch smiles, more exhausted than I've ever seen her before. Her knees are still shaking.
Kagome: "......don't push yourself so hard, idiot."
Akihito: "You were much worse."
I hold Kagome up. I can still feel her presence in my arms.
She's still alive......
Sting flies back into the sky.
Babylon and El-ahrairah are out of MP, so they sink back into the gate light regardless of their connectors' wills.
Only rubble and humans remain.
The distant sounds of battle rage on.
We're suddenly stranded in the middle of this mess without any avatars to protect ourselves with.
And then―――
The embers drift in from nearby fires, illuminating us as he speaks.
Gasai: "......you really did it, Clown."
The king's face looks pale. Yoruko is helping him stand up.
Gasai: "This is a debt. I will repay it someday, Mizuwa."
Akihito: "......don't worry about things like that, Gasai."
Gasai and Yoruko turn around. The other three quickly follow them.
Izawa: "Why are we letting them go......?"
Akihito: "We didn't come here to fight the king."
Kagome: "Akihito."
Kagome: "......it's not over yet. Look there."
Sweat drips down Kagome's forehead as she turns her head toward the darkness.
====================T0470：敗れ去った者_0603.json====================
Rondo never once believed in her own talent.
Her confidence and attitude come from practice, and are designed to make use of her appearance.
Rondo Rondo is a very typical person.Aside from her appearance, she knows full well that all of her natural abilities are perfectly average.
She never slacked off, but she often needed twice the effort other people did to achieve the same goal. She raised that to three times the effort to make herself look good in the process.
She didn't want to admit defeat. Rondo supported herself with pride because she had no real talent.
When was her first defeat?
That fifty meter run she didn't win in her youth? That time her club didn't choose her to be on the team despite all her training?
Her brother died.
He used to be the star of Rondo's world, but now he's a corpse.Her days withered away like dead leaves as she suffered from grief.
――She met Girl A.
Kimizuka Iroha supported her as she cried and spilt blood in the hope of matching Caesar's power.
The truth. A goal to achieve. The power to make it happen.And a friend. All the pieces of Rondo's world fell into place.
Rondo: "――――――――"
The heat on her cheek brings her back to her senses.She realizes she's been punched. The sudden pain is more real than anything, making her fall over immediately.
Iroha's lying on the dirty ground of a back alley.
She ran away with her best friend in shame.The last sound they heard was five minutes ago.
Pain like a drill stabbing her forehead. Excessive connection takes a toll on her brain, which manifests itself primarily as pain.
There are two men in front of them.The taller man is grabbing her, bringing his savage face closer to hers.
Ichigaya: "Randou, what should we do with her? Kimizuka's dead already."
Rondo: "Not yet......Iroha's still......we have to......!"
Randou: "You never told us we'd be going up against a monster like that. Your looks really are the only good thing about you."
The gentle-looking man heaves a sigh and lowers his shoulders.
Rondo: "......what......are you......"
Ichigaya and Randou. Members of Rondo's coμ.
Randou: "Look, Kimizuka's dead already. She's not breathing, but you're still carrying her like she's your daughter or something......what's with that? ......well, I guess it's up to you."
Randou: "But you almost got us killed too. We didn't agree to that."
Rondo: "Randou......what do you mean? ......didn't we all agree...to fight Caesar......?"
Rondo's cheeks tense up, stretching the stupid smile on her face.
Randou: "Did you seriously think we were all quietly playing along with your petty revenge?"
She's never seen Ichigaya and Randou like this before.They show their teeth sadistically, sizing Rondo up.
Ichigaya: "Rondo-chan, let me tell you something. The reason we've been helping you is because she begged us to. She said she'd do anything."
Smelly breath. Murky eyes. Curved lips. Inhuman beasts are howling.
Rondo: "Iro...ha......"
Ichigaya: "She really did do anything and everything, and you never knew about it."
The sounds shaking her eardrums were incredibly irritating.They carry a sense of erosive scorn, oozing out from under the mens' skin. Rondo shakes with fear.
Randou: "And she's fucking insane too. She's the one who took care of Yoshikawa."
Yoshikawa Touko.The fifth member of their coμ, who died half a year ago.A girl who never stopped objecting to Rondo's revenge.
Randou: "All the coμ hunting was pretty fun, but we have no reason to play along with your stupidity any longer."
Ichigaya: "So what should we do? Kill her?"
Randou: "Hey now, don't rush things. We can do that whenever we want. But first, we should have her repay us for all our help."
Randou: "Plus, if we killed her here, it'd be a big pain later. Let's go somewhere else."
She can't understand their words. She can't stand up, but her neck is constricting, preventing her from sinking to the ground.
Maybe she should just let herself lose consciousness......
Randou: "What a stupid woman."
Randou kicks Iroha's body. Intense emotion turns her vision red.
She loses all calmness, then starts saying things she doesn't understand to give her anger form.
Rondo: "――――Miss Jh!!!!"
Much of Miss Jh was destroyed in the fight with El-ahrairah, but the rest of its body still answers her summon.
Rondo: "Kill them――――!!"
Rondo spits out that curse, and an ivory tusk shoots out from between her legs. One of Miss Jh's arms. A lance to pierce her enemies.
Her avatar was supposed to execute the beasts who insulted Iroha, but it just floats above Rondo as if ridiculing her.
Randou: "It's two against one. You can't control that thing. Use your head for once."
Randou――A man who used to be helping her. Rondo no longer sees him as human. Of course, they were never friends or anything to begin with.
Rondo: "............ah......"
Randou: "You really are too stupid to use for anything but your looks. We're gonna get a lot out of you before getting rid of you. Now―――"
???: "―――Let go of them."
A familiar face appears in the alley.
I find Rondo and the others in a back alley.
Kimizuka lies abandoned at their feet.It looks like she's not breathing any more.
Two men lording over a terrified Rondo.The avatar that should obey her is no longer in her control.
Rondo: "Mizu............wa............"
Akihito: "Thank Kagome. She's the one who found you here."
Randou: "Who are you? ......Mizuwa? Are you the one Rondo was talking to during that whole Nomad thing?"
So they have heard of me.
Akihito: "Just let go of her."
Rondo's been cut off from her own coμ.I don't know why, but it's obvious what's happening.
I don't have the stamina to try talking them out of it.
The mens' ecstasy is palpable. I've seen that several times.They only see her as prey for them to eat at their leisure.
Randou: "Kill him, Miss Jh."
The gentle-looking man mocks me.
No human can face a monster.Babylon's out of energy, so I can't use it right away.
So......
A real gunshot doesn't feel as weighty as I expected.The man falls, his smile frozen forever on his dead face.
Ichigaya: "Ah――"
Izawa pulls the trigger easily, without anything changing on his face.Two shots each. Four in total.
Izawa: "It's over."
The smell of fresh blood fills the alley.Rondo Rondo became a heretic within her own coμ.To save her we removed all the others.
Rondo: "......Mizuwa."
I feel a slight nausea, but I resist that and hold out a hand to Rondo.
Akihito: "......you're not hurt, right? Can you stand? Can you walk? We should get going."
Rondo: "W-......wait, Mizuwa......"
Rondo: "Iroha's......we have to take her......"
Izawa: "She's already dead."
Akihito: "Izawa."
I stop his cold words.
Rondo: "To the hospital. Please...! It's my fault, I was wrong......I'm always causing trouble for her, but I still haven't......"
Rondo: "Iroha's always done so much for me......by herself......I can't, please."
Her normal mask of confidence is gone.She repeatedly begs us for help like a madman.
Rondo: "Please, Mizuwa......please......"
Akihito: "......I'll ask O-Haru-san if we can take her in the car."
Izawa: "......we're taking her?"
He clearly thinks this is stupid.
Haru's car is parked in a nearby alley.Benio, Mayuki, and Kagome are in the back seat.
Kagome's in bad shape after overusing Sting so much.Her forehead is covered in sweat, and her breathing is shallow.
Haru: "So――"
I summarize what happened.
Haru: "O-Haru-san's fine with that, but there isn't enough room in here for two more people."
Izawa: "If anyone heard those gunshots, this'll get annoying very soon."
Izawa scowls, ignoring the maid's comment.
Akihito: "......you're the one who shot them."
Izawa: "What the hell was I supposed to do?"
Akihito: "......it's not like any police will be coming in this situation."
Izawa: "I don't mean that. We can't use Babylon any more tonight, and that snake's down for the count too."
Akihito: "Well......"
Izawa: "Gasai's not the only one after the coμ hunter. Anyone who recognizes us or that snake might try to kill us."
Darkness and chaos. Connectors who've lost their minds.
Several of them will have grudges against the coμ hunter or Kagome.
There's probably a few who don't like Babylon either.
Our fight on that large street earlier must have gathered a lot of attention.If they realize we're powerless right now, they'll see this as a once-in-a-lifetime chance to attack.
Akihito: "That is bad――"
If we aren't careful, we'll lead them right to us.
In this darkness and chaos, making it out of the new heart safely without an avatar is going to be extremely hard.
Haru: "In that case, I know of a good hiding place nearby. Wanna try it?"
The maid brings her chest closer with a mischievous smile for no good reason.
A cheap boutique hotel near the north side. Haru leads us into the first floor.
It should be closed on a night like this, but a couple words from the maid opened the back door in no time.
Benio: "Uwa, uwa, uwa~~~~"
Benio freaks out, having never been to a love hotel before.
Akihito: "What's the story with you and this place, O-Haru-san? Don't tell me you're a secret agent with a bunch of safe houses."
O-Haru-san crosses her legs on the room's sofa as I press for answers.
Mayuki: "A maid by day, but a double-0 number by night. Sounds like a B-movie."
Haru: "Well, I have connections."
The maid looks like she's having fun. She tosses two keys toward me.
Haru: "One's for the back door to this hotel, and the other――"
I recognize this key.
Akihito: "......this is a key to Izalone."
I gave him this key the last time I was there.
Haru: "Tianwen told me the place will be closed for a while, so you can do whatever you want with it."
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, you've been talking to the Owner?"
Haru: "Things have been getting worse and worse lately, so yes, more than usual."
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, do you......umm, know the Owner......?"
It's hard to ask.
Haru: "Don't ask a woman about her secrets."
Akihito: "............so this place is his safe house."
Haru: "He thought I might have a use for it."
Maybe he's trying to make up for deceiving me all this time.
Akihito: "I see."
I still can't bring myself to dislike that man.
Chai Tianwen has some influence on this hotel.They told us we can use several of the rooms on this floor.
Chai Tianwen. I definitely can't underestimate him.
We put Rondo on one of the beds and return to the living room.
I asked one of the staff members to take Kimizuka to the hospital.I think he was working for the Owner, because he took Kimizuka away and never came back.
This hotel has a "Closed" sign on the front door.
Kimizuka―――She's already dead. She was just a cold body.
I reassured Rondo that Iroha was being taken care of, then let her get some rest.
Within thirty seconds, she was asleep. She must be completely exhausted.
Akihito: "......"
Kimizuka Iroha.Apparently she was trying to defend Rondo from El-ahrairah's attack.
Rondo is the coμ hunter. She killed several coμs for her revenge.
An awkward, foolish, and cruel way of living.Rondo's lance――Miss Jh was hardened with the anger and lives of others.
Kimizuka died, as if Rondo's victims finally got their revenge.
Akihito: "......what's going on in there?"
Most of us have gathered in one of the rooms.
It's past midnight, but we can still hear fighting outside.They've split into two groups.
On one side is Kagome――Izawa, Benio, and Haru are on the other. The tense air reminds me of a sandcastle that could collapse at any moment.Mayuki curls up on one corner of the sofa, holding her legs close.
Izawa: "So you weren't joking about "ground zero," snake."
Kagome: "I don't like jokes."
Izawa's being uncharacteristically indirect. I don't like it.
Benio: "Uu......"
Akihito: "What are you getting at?"
Haru: "That's right, you weren't here five years ago."
The air feels heavy.
Izawa: "There was a rumor about a giant appearing on that hill five years ago. What little I heard sounded like a stupid TV show, so I never thought it might be an avatar."
Kagome: "Mode Sauron allows Sting to control and defend a wide area. Originally, it was used to conceal its identity."
Defend a wide area. Kagome used Sting to deflect El-ahrairah's arrows.
The lone blade, Sting.An unprecedented an unbeatable gravity field of 426,700 action points.
That would do it――Even if Sting wasn't utterly untouchable five years ago, we know from experience now that Sting could create ground zero.
Akihito: "......Kagome, you said your family was wiped out by those terrorist attacks......"
Kagome: "Some coμs attacked the Hinaori house. They were probably after me."
Kagome: "Most of the family died that day. I counterattacked. To kill my enemies, I blew apart a whole ward using Sting's repulsion field."
A repeat of something we already knew.Hinaori's family died a long time ago, and Kagome created ground zero.
Kagome: "Are you saying someone you know died in that? How cliche."
Izawa: "I'm not out of bullets."
Izawa shows his gun.The black hole at the end of the barrel laughs at the witch.
Kagome: "That won't work on me."
Kagome told me about this before, but seeing is believing. I wasn't completely sure if ground zero was her fault until I saw that giant for myself.
Izawa and the others share a pain that I don't.
People will fight if given the slightest opportunity. Like right now.Dropping one's chopsticks is reason enough to curse something.Human connections are a web of suspicion, jealousy, hatred, and malice.
Izawa: "――――This was the deal, wasn't it?"
Izawa turns around and opens the door.
Izawa: "And I still owe you. I won't forget what you did, or the people you killed."
Kagome: "......"
Akihito: "......that's awfully old-fashioned of you."
Izawa: "It's just a whim. I might change my mind at any time. Remember that."
Haru: "Izawacchi, where are you going? It's going to be dangerous out there until morning."
Izawa: "I'll take a look outside. We can't be too careful."
Izawa leaves without even saying goodbye.
Rain hits the windows.Once the thick clouds covering the sky start pouring, it all comes out.When I look outside through the curtains, there's nothing but darkness.
A blackout across part of the new heart.We won't be able to see anything until day.We're all used to the lights of the city, so this deep darkness is unusual.
I'm tired, but I don't feel like sleeping.We have plenty of rooms, but I feel like we should stick together.
The "war" is still going on outside. It sounds like distant thunder.
We can hide here until morning, but what then?
I have a nap on the sofa. Mayuki sleeps with her head in Benio's lap.
Kagome sleeps sitting up, which is very strange for her.She must be exceptionally tired tonight.
Benio: "Rondo and Dad were......"
She starts a conversation.
Benio put it together.Normally she's dense, but at times like this we can't afford to miss things.
Akihito: "Miya-san was working with the Owner. They had different objectives, but they were both fighting against the Coμnet."
Akihito: "The System took care of the police and mass media. Miya-san saw the coμs as a threat, but couldn't do anything about it, since the law and the police had no power over them."
Akihito: "So they used the coμ hunter to get rid of the coμs that were running rampant."
Benio: "............but still."
Akihito: "On the other hand, the Owner was trying to use the Coμnet."
The world is always multi-layered, and we're far too complicated.
Akihito: "Kugura was a good catch. He had money, information, and supply routes."
The Owner and Miya-san needed one other weapon.Someone to eliminate problematic coμs――The coμ hunter.
Kugura gave them information, and they used Rondo to eliminate their enemies. Either criminal coμs that Miya-san wanted to get rid of, or coμs that were causing trouble for Kugura.
Benio: "What can I say......to Rondo......if Dad wasn't around, then what......"
Rondo would've still fought, even if it meant dying in the gutter.
Benio: "I know what Dad did......was wrong, but......"
Her words die out.
Miya-san struggled to fight for justice.He took many lives, and probably saved many in the process.A feeble resistance, like a swallow charging against a dam.
Benio says she can't forgive him. People have died because of him.Did every single one of them deserve to die?
Akihito: "Can you forgive Rondo?"
Benio: "I don't think so."
Benio: "I can't forgive her, but............"
Benio: "I can understand how she feels."
Benio: "Her brother was killed, and she couldn't forgive the man who did that.....I still think it's wrong to seek revenge, and I'd tell her to stop, but......"
Benio: "If I lost someone that important to me......I think......"
Akihito: "Are you sure you don't want to go stay with your grandmother for a while?"
Benio: "I'd be worried sick and calling you every day."
Akihito: "I see."
I guess we have to keep double-checking our connections like this in order to move forward.
====================T0480；我斎の死_0603.json====================
Gasai and Yoruko wander aimlessly down the rainy street.Each raindrop robs them of body heat, and the sound covers up their footsteps. The emotionless night is dark. They hold their breath and wait, fearing the dim light.
Yoruko: "Itsuki, where do we......?"
Without its lights, the familiar city is an otherworldly forest.Especially with all the rain and mist coming down on them.
Yoruko opens her phone. The cell phone tower must be down since it won't connect to anything, but she can still use the LCD backlight to illuminate her surroundings.
Gasai: "Turn off the light. Someone will see it."
Yoruko understands his implication, and quickly closes her phone.
El-ahrairah and Babylon.
Their fight ended in a draw, with El-ahrairah heavily damaged and out of MP. Since Yoruko's 9R use the same supply of MP, she can't use those anymore either.
After leaving the battlefield, a herd of avatars attacked them.It doesn't matter who they were.
People who hate Caesar.People who oppose the Legion.People who disagree with how they operate.
Gasai has many enemies, and El-ahrairah fell tonight.This is a once-in-a-lifetime chance for anyone who wants to get revenge.
They were knocked helplessly about, and separated from their allies.Gasai and Yoruko ran away helplessly.
She holds Itsuki's hand with one arm, while touching her upper arm with the other. It's small, delicate and weak. Without an avatar, she's powerless.
Gasai's shirt is stained red. He's wounded.It's a shallow wound, but the bleeding drains his stamina.Yoruko supports Gasai as they flee, like siblings searching for the blue bird.
The other three in their coμ―――Yoruko doesn't think they survived.
There's no light, and cell phones won't work.They have no way of knowing where the Legion is.
The night's "war" disabled a portion of the city.Where have the police and the fire department been during all of this?If they could find them, that might help......
Yoruko: "Itsuki......it's all right, Itsuki......"
She's reaching her limit. Every step chips away at her consciousness.The burden of being connected only adds to the fatigue, and the heavy rain drains the strength from her limbs.
In the middle of a bustling city, two people wander through a labyrinth at the end of the world, searching for an exit. It's so sad, it's almost funny.
Yoruko: "......what's wrong, Itsuki......?"
Gasai looks up at the sky.
They can't see it from here. No moonlight breaks through the clouds, and the ever-increasing rain makes even his own hands look blurry.
Yoruko: "Itsu......"
Yoruko can feel vibrations through her feet.
Something terrifying is here.
A three meter tall monster leans over a nearby building.An Ivanhoe. It glares at the awestruck Yoruko with crimson eyes.
Yoruko: "Itsuki!!"
Yoruko pulls Gasai's hand and runs.She reacted faster than she could think, and that just barely saved them.
The Ivanhoe's enormous hand cuts through the raindrops and pulverizes the asphalt behind them.
Gasai: "――――"
Yoruko: "Haa......h-hurry, we have to......"
Gasai's wound. Rain. Exhaustion. Yoruko runs.She catches her breath, blue and red colors flickering across her vision.
If El-ahrairah had even the slightest bit of energy left, it could wipe out that monster in a heartbeat.
The Ivanhoe charges through the rain.Its legs are like metal stakes, flying over Yoruko's head after a couple steps.
Yoruko pulls Gasai into a complicated network of alleys.The giant's metal arms gouge out the street behind them.
Yoruko: "Itsuki, hurry. Itsuki, we can't......"
His arm is cold.Gasai's slowing down. Not from fatigue, but from his wound.They've run so far, they have no idea where they are anymore.
They hide inside what seems to be a parking garage.Their only light comes from distant parts of the city and nearby fires.
They could try to hide here and wait for morning.Even an avatar's senses aren't omniscient.This rain and darkness ought to make them harder to find.
If they're lucky.
The echoing sounds of moving avatars reach them through the rain. Sometimes they sound like they're fighting.
There's no help for them. No police. No fire department. No nothing.The fighting is on such a large scale, no one knows what to do about it.
She checks the time. A few hours until dawn.
She can feel something approaching through the rain. The sounds of avatars. Many footsteps. Yells and shouts. They make her alert.
Gasai: "They followed us."
Yoruko: "They might be allies......"
Even she doesn't believe that. Her words are futile and cold.
Gasai: "Don't dream. Just resist."
The legend of El-ahrairah――The invincible hero has fallen, and its enemies are surging forth.It's safe to assume most of the Legion has been routed.
Suddenly, the lights turn on.
A handful of the parking garage's lights come back.Maybe a spare generator turned on, or something reconnected.
It's a terrible coincidence. In this darkness, light will attract enemies.
Yoruko: "......let's go, Itsuki. If we last until morning......"
Yoruko pulls Gasai's hand, but he won't move.She didn't plan on letting go of him, but his hand slipped away unexpectedly.
Gasai: "Go."
Gasai Itsuki is no different from usual.An arrogant, cold, calculating, and cautious man.
The one man who reached out to save Shinomiya Yoruko when no one else would.
Yoruko: "Itsuki, why? ......we have to hurry, before they......"
The rain is loud.She finds it hard to speak, not from bewilderment, but from fear.
Gasai: "I said go. You can't use 9R, so you're just holding me back. Don't waste any more of my time."
Yoruko: "Don't...I......n-not until...the very end......"
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko: "No."
Yoruko: "Itsuki......Itsuki......"
Yoruko: "Please, please......I'll do anything. Just don't say that......don't......I'll stay......I'm not leaving you."
She repeats herself, even though she has difficulty getting the words out.
Yoruko: "......I don't...want that......"
Yoruko: "......don't......leave me......again......"
Gasai: "I won't die."
Gasai points toward the city. He's ordering her to go in that direction.
Yoruko: "I......I'm......a knight...so......I'll die...for you...Itsuki."
That was her promise. He reached out to her on a night of death, and that morning she chose a new way of life.
She learned the world couldn't care less about her. To protect herself, and to live once more, she needed a sword and a reason to wield it.
She decided to be what this man wanted.Not a person, but a "sword."She'll live and die to carve out his path.
Gasai: "I don't need people to die for me. Don't accept death. Struggle until the bitter end."
Gasai: "No matter how shameful or painful it is."
He breaks Yoruko's spell, with an awkward face that's neither smiling nor crying.
As a sword, she has reasons to live and die.She's taken the lives of many others for his sake.
Gasai: "That clown, Mizuwa."
Yoruko: "......"
Gasai: "He told me to treat my women better."
Gasai: "I feel a little regret......but that's hypocritical......it's foolish to feel such things now."
Mizuwa Akihito.That foolish clown.The one person other than Gasai who ever tried to help Yoruko.
Why? Yoruko couldn't help but ask herself.
Gasai has never shown so much interest in anyone before.
Even Yoruko couldn't support him, despite being his sword, and standing by his side at all times.
The king is just too strong.
If he lets himself open up to anyone, that will become a weakness. So―――
In exchange for overcoming everything, he forces himself to live alone, and he's strong enough to endure that.
―――And yet......
Mizuwa's just a foolish clown. They have absolutely nothing in common.
―――So―――Why?
Why does she feel―――They're alike in some way?
Gasai: "You could've lived easily as a sword."
Yoruko: "Itsu...ki...I...I don't......mind...being...your sword."
Yoruko: "......Itsuki......you took...revenge for me......when I couldn't do anything...so I...want to do...anything I......"
Gasai: "I can't live an easy life."
Gasai: "I took away your freedom, and now I'll take away your motivation too."
Yoruko: "Stop this."
Don't do that. Don't be any more cruel.Tears won't stop flowing from her eyes.
She died a long time ago. Her life ended in that accident.This man scooped her dead heart out of that wreck and gave it a new purpose, so she wanted to use all her remaining time for him.
Did she try to become his sword?Did she become his sword just to avoid reality?
Probably both.It was sad taking the lives of so many people she didn't even know.
But as his sword, she doesn't need to regret that.She just has to break through whatever he wants, and remain undefeated.
Yoruko couldn't be like Gasai.She wanted to be strong, and live without hesitation, but she couldn't.
Simply being his sword was easier.She could make that her reason for living.
Gasai: "We're splitting up here. If you survive, we'll find each other later."
Gasai: "I won't die in a place like this."
Gasai: "I'm not done yet. I still have things I need to do."
The unmoving girl is no longer of any interest to him.Gasai Itsuki begins walking down a lonely road.
As long as there's even a snowball's chance of survival, he'll keep walking until the very last moment.He abandoned all hesitation and regret a long time ago.
He may leave tracks of blood, he may build up a pile of corpses, but he does not hesitate to follow his path.
Gasai disappears into the rainy night.
Yoruko: "Uu......u...!"
She could follow him. If she did, then she could die for him.
She knows that, but she can't follow him.
She's not afraid of death.She knows he won't forgive her if she does follow him.That's why Yoruko can't move.
The girl stands still, just like she did a long time ago.
Gasai: "Go."
That distant voice gives her one final order. It shoots through her like a sword, piercing all the rain pounding on her back.
Shinomiya Yoruko is a knight.A knight's purpose is to follow the king's orders.She chose that life.
Even if she only did it to avoid reality, she definitely made that choice.
Yoruko: "Aaa......uu!"
Yoruko sobs and staggers away. Nothing but night awaits her.
I get a call. Apparently cell phones work here, just outside of the new heart.
It's from a public phone. I have a bad feeling about this.
Akihito: "――What is it?"
Yoruko: "Mizuwa."
Akihito: "..................Yoruko!? What happened?"
Her voice is so weak.We were fighting to the death a few hours ago, but her voice makes me concerned rather than angry.
Yoruko: "You picked up...finally......this is a public phone."
Yoruko: "Itsuki."
Yoruko: "............help him."
Akihito: "――――Where are you!?"
I hurriedly grab my stuff.Mayuki and Benio slowly wake up as they hear me run around.
Benio: "......what's...going on?"
Akihito: "I'm heading out."
I'm flustered right now. Gasai. Yoruko.
We've fought so much, but strangely, I can't bring myself to hate them.
Akihito: "Keep an eye on Kagome. I should be back soon, but I don't know for sure."
Benio: "Eeeh? There's still a war outside......why are you......"
Mayuki: "......I really think we should stay put for now. There's probably police out there too."
Benio moving around wakes Mayuki up. She sits seiza-style on the sofa.
Akihito: ".........I got a call from Yoruko."
Benio: "Eh......?"
She tilts her head, obviously wondering why I want to help the people we were just fighting.
I want to explain it, but I'm not sure why either.I don't even know why Yoruko chose to call me of all people.
Mayuki: "But what if it's a trap? ......you can't use Babylon by yourself."
Akihito: "Well......"
Benio: "I'll go with you! I'm in better shape than you right now, Akihito."
Benio raises her hand. Evidently, she won't let me go without her.
Akihito: "Mayuki, could you come?"
Benio: "Geeeh!?"
That's not a cute scream.
It's still raining outside.
Akihito: "Hold on tight."
Mayuki: "Riding on a moped with a lolicon. If the police find us, you'll be executed on sight."
Akihito: "They're not that harsh."
I'm using my usual moped for tonight's mission.I'm not sure how much fuel it has left, but I need to hurry.Mayuki sits behind me as we race through empty streets.
Mayuki: "Where exactly was Yoruko-san?"
Akihito: "......how much do you think we can use Babylon?"
Mayuki: "It disappeared after running out of MP, so I doubt we can do much with it until morning......"
Akihito: "......if we run into another avatar on this thing it'll be a perfect monster movie."
It'd be nice if Kagome was around for something like this, but she can't help right now.
Mayuki: "If only we had a MASER truck."
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, one question."
Mayuki: "Why did you ask me to come instead?"
Benio volunteered first.
Akihito: "Thank you for not saying no, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "I'm not Mayu-Mayu, I'm Mayuki. As a freeloader, I have no right to disobey the master of the house. I am but his slave."
Akihito: "Idol slave......"
Mayuki: "......lolicon."
Her opinion of me worsens.
Akihito: "......it would've been bad if Kagome woke up."
Akihito: "If I'm not there, she'll definitely come looking for me. I figure Benio will do her best to stop her......"
Mayuki: "......I doubt she'd succeed."
Akihito: "Well, yeah."
Akihito: "But you're not as good with Kagome, right?"
Mayuki: "......not really......but she did save us several times."
Mayuki: "Maybe Hinaori-san was only interested in saving you, Akihito......but we'd all be dead without her."
My pretty girl guardian.Like Kagome said, she was protecting me. Back when we didn't know right from left in the Coμnet, she saved us several times.
Akihito: "Mayuki, you don't seem to hate her as much as the others."
Judging by her reaction to seeing Sauron.
Mayuki: "......I was very little five years ago, so I was scared, but......after a while, it was more...amazing than scary......"
Mayuki: "So it probably feels different for Miss Justice and that hoodlum......"
Akihito: "It's hard to guess how the maid feels......"
Mayuki: "I do hate what she did......that's definitely true......"
Akihito: "Mayu-Mayu, you're taking this more seriously than I thought."
Mayuki: "Don't treat me like a child......"
Akihito: "Gyau!"
Mayuki pinches me from behind.
Mayuki: "What are you doing to do about Hinaori-san?"
Akihito: "I'll save Kagome, somehow. I don't know how yet, but I'll do whatever it takes."
Mayuki: "............this guy."
Akihito: "Gyau, gyau, why are you pinching me!?"
Mayuki: "Don't mind me."
Akihito: "This girl......"
Mayuki: "And Yoruko-san?"
Akihito: "I'll save her."
Smoke rises up behind the ridge of buildings like a signal flare.The power is out all across the new heart.The lights of the rest of the city make this area stand out even more.
Mayuki: "Do you think the war's over yet?"
Akihito: "There's no way to know who might still be fighting somewhere."
Phones don't work in this area. The fighting continues without any means of communication or clear understanding of the situation.
Akihito: "Whoever's still fighting will probably back off after the rain stops and the sun comes out......"
Akihito: "But first......"
We search for Yoruko.
We find her right away. This area is jam-packed with miscellaneous buildings, but we can still see that light.
A public phone booth. A rare sight in this day and age.Yoruko lies there, holding her knees like an abandoned puppy.
Akihito: "Yoruko."
Mayuki: "Yoruko-san."
It takes a whole minute for her to react.
Yoruko: "Mizuwa......"
Her poker face collapses.She breaks down and sobs like an ordinary girl, not a knight.
Yoruko: "No one...else...was here..."
Yoruko: "I...didn't...know...what...to do."
Yoruko: "Help him."
Yoruko: "S-save him."
Yoruko: "Save Itsuki."
Yoruko clings to a man she was fighting not long ago.
Akihito: "What about Gasai? Where is he? What happened!?"
Yoruko: "Help him."
A plea like a slender thread.
Dawn approaches. A white world comes.
I help the shaking Yoruko to her feet, and let her guide us to where she and Gasai split up.
No one says anything. Saying it will only give our fear form.This is a strange emotion to feel toward our enemy.I'm surprised even Mayuki is staying quiet.
Gasai Itsuki―――Caesar.
Our ways of life were in constant conflict.Only rarely did our paths cross.
We made a truce to defeat Nomad.In the end, we were both allies and enemies.
Akihito: "......"
I don't think he was our enemy. I never hated him.
If I had to ask who was right, no doubt most people would side with Gasai.
I even envied his strength. The fact that he lived a life I never could.
The darkness of night. The rain beating down on us.We reach the area where Gasai and Yoruko split up.
Akihito: "Is this the place?"
Yoruko: "......probably. It was nighttime, and we couldn't see anything......"
Mayuki: "No one's here."
An intersection between dark buildings.It's quiet. There's no one on these streets.
Broken buildings. Shutters. Bent street signs.The torn up streets look like ruins from the war decades ago.A scene of carnage I've never witnessed with my own eyes before.
Gasai and whoever came after him must be long gone.
Akihito: "Wait here, I'll go take a look."
It doesn't take long to find Gasai.
He made it about two blocks after leaving Yoruko.I find him in front of a closed shop on a side street.
Yoruko: "............"
Gasai Itsuki. The king of Caesar's Legion.
His body has been hit so hard it lost its original shape.
Akihito: "......"
Red modern art decorates the walls and floor.Four male corpses are bent in awkward ways.
Whoever did this didn't even have the courtesy to take their friends' bodies away afterward.
A number of vehicles have been crushed or flipped over.A primitive, chaotic fight with many avatars involved.
Mayuki: "......Akihito-san."
Mayuki grabs my sleeve with shaking fingers as she hides behind me.
Yoruko: "Mizu......"
Akihito: "Don't look."
Yoruko is stiff as a doll.She gazes at what used to be Gasai, forgetting to breathe.
I pull her head toward me, blocking her vision with my body."Divine Retribution"
That's what the graffiti says in the parking garage.It's written in someone's blood.
It's a thing. No sign of what was once Gasai. People's anger, grudges, and insanity mutilated that body into something no longer human.
I look closely at what it's wrapped in――Gasai's clothes.That tells the whole story.
Yoruko: "Itsuki......where are you?"
Yoruko searches, calling for a man that will never answer her.
I force myself not to say anything. No anger or regret toward the people who killed him, but simple bafflement.
This is a gentle kingdom. It's merciless, unfair, and unreasonable.
Our destinies are different, but our deaths are all equally certain.
This is not Gasai. That man would never die like this.
Yoruko: "Itsuki's not here. I have to find him. Quickly. Before someone comes."
Akihito: "Yoruko."
Her shoulders are shaking.
I stop her just before she starts crying.
Not out of pride, but because she'll never be able to stand up again.
Akihito: "Let's go somewhere else."
Mayuki: "......let's go."
Yoruko: "But Itsuki......"
Akihito: "Yoruko."
I can't take any more.
Yoruko: "Ah."
Yoruko: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!"
A scream.
Light.
An alley two roads away from the main street. The neighborhood around Izalone is largely unscathed. We need a place to rest.
My moped ran out of gas, so I left it on the road.I'll come back for it some other time.
Walking back through that battlefield on foot would've been like signing our own death warrants.
Somewhere nearby we could rest. Izalone has guest rooms and showers in the back. I have the Owner's permission to use it and a spare key.
The power's out here too.I use my cell phone for light until I find an emergency flashlight.
We can't use phones or lights here. The floor smells like old wood, but it doesn't have a single stain. They must have replaced it.
Not a shred of evidence that Kugura died here.
Akihito: "It's dark, so watch your footing."
Mayuki: "We're fine......Yoruko-san, are you okay?"
Yoruko: "......"
Of course, the place is deserted.We take turns in the shower, then relax.
Mayuki: "Aau~ I feel dead...my head's about to spring a leak......"
Akihito: "Get some rest. We'll rendezvous with the others later."
Mayuki: "They must be worried sick about us."
Akihito: "Our phones don't work, so there's nothing we can do about that for now."
Mayuki: "It's like we're waiting out a typhoon or an earthquake. I found this exciting when I was little......"
She does her best to smile. It seems forced, but without it, we'd just feel gloomy right now.
Gasai―――
Mayuki: "Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "......no, I'm fine."
Mayuki: "Keep it together. The leader has to last until the very end."
Akihito: "You're so demanding."
The new heart is like hell on earth now. When the night ends, the police and fire department should start cleaning things up, and the media will eat this up.
Akihito: "What about Yoruko?"
Mayuki: "She's sleeping in the back."
Akihito: "You should sleep too. I'll lie down here."
Akihito: "......don't take your eyes off her."
I close my eyes on the large sofa, and fall asleep in a matter of seconds.
My mind slows down and my thoughts simplify.Things I've been suppressing rise to the surface.
Tragedies. Comedies. Unsalvageable farces. Like pus.
Kagome's problems―――Sting and the System. No way to separate them.
The war five years ago―――Unhealing scars. Unending anger.
Gasai Itsuki's death―――The king. Why does his death hurt so much?
These emotions have been held back by more urgent problems all day, but now they assault me.
Resignation. There's nothing we can do anymore.
Disappointment. I can't save anyone at all.
Despair. I lose all strength, and can't move anymore.
Akihito: "――――――"
I wake up, sensing someone nearby.
In the dark underground bar, only the glow of the digital LCD clock lets me see her.
Akihito: ".........Yoruko."
Yoruko's here.
Yoruko: "You......"
A doll looks down on me, without her facial expressions.
Akihito: "......"
Yoruko: "If you...hadn't...interfered......"
Yoruko's slender hands reach for my neck. They slowly constrict me.
It gets harder to breathe.I only just woke up, and now my mind fades again for a different reason.
Akihito: "Yoru......"
Yoruko: "If you...hadn't......"
Yeah, she's right. Yoruko has a perfectly good reason to hate me.
If I hadn't tried to save Rondo, El-ahrairah would be unharmed, and......
―――Gasai Itsuki would be alive.
So this is revenge.Just like that day――
When I looked up at the gray sky, and the death goddess pushed me forward. It's finally come full circle.
Ten seconds. I accept it and wait, but the final moment never comes.
Yoruko: "............why won't you resist?"
The words fall out.
They spill down her cheek, taking a wetter, warmer form than I expected.
Akihito: "......you have the right to kill me."
Yoruko: "Itsuki died because of you."
Akihito: "......"
Yoruko: "It's not your fault."
The muffled voice in her throat is even sadder than the tears.
Yoruko: "I couldn't protect him."
Tears form a line down her face.
Akihito: "Don't think about it. Just get some rest. Thinking about things will only make them worse."
Yoruko: "But I couldn't protect him."
Akihito: "Actually......"
Akihito: "Did Gasai ever say it was your fault, Yoruko?"
Akihito: "He did all that knowing that people would want him dead for it."
Yoruko: "You understand him, Mizuwa?"
Yoruko's eyes blink, and she looks stunned.
Akihito: "Of course not."
Other people are always completely separated from you.There's an insurmountable distance between all of our hearts and words.
Akihito: "I like to think I do......but that's just a fairy tale."
Yoruko: "Mizuwa."
Akihito: "......"
Yoruko: "Mizuwa, you're not like him at all. You don't have one thing in common with him. But......"
She smiles slightly. A cold smile, as her heart soaks in tears.
Yoruko: "You're kinda like Itsuki."
Akihito: "......don't compare me to that cold-blooded bastard."
Yoruko curls up next to me on the sofa like a cat.
Akihito: "There are more futons in the guest room."
Yoruko: "I'll sleep here."
Yoruko stays curled up. There's no light here. I doze off in no time.
====================T0490：夜子とのＨ_0603.json====================
Someone's sobbing. She clings to my chest as she cries.
It's Yoruko. She's trying not to do it too loudly, which only makes it sadder.
Yoruko: "......you awake?"
She eventually asks.
Her sobs have died out. No sunlight enters the underground bar.Without light, it's hard to tell how much time has passed.
The digital clock still works since it's on batteries. It should be dawn outside soon. A lot of time passed without me realizing it.
Yoruko: "Mizuwa."
Akihito: "I'm sleeping."
Yoruko: "You're lying."
Yoruko moves on top of me. I lie down on a bed made by dragging sofas together, as she straddles me.
Yoruko's eyes glow in the bluish white light of the clock.They remind me of a cat's eyes.
Yoruko: "Mizuwa......"
Those eyes worry me. Like an animal with a broken leg, the slightest provocation could break her, pushing her over the edge.
Akihito: "Hey......"
Yoruko: "I hate you, Mizuwa."
The smell of Yoruko's body is right on me.
Her tongue licks her little lips as if it has a mind of its own.She smiles sweetly like a flower, moving her lips close to me.
Akihito: "......!"
All the hair on my body stands on end. I hate myself. Men are too simple.
Yoruko: "Hu......nn, *kiss*, hu, ha......!"
Her lips move down from my ear to my neck, kissing me several times.
Her tongue is awkward, but hot, leaping across my skin like a frog.
Akihito: "Stop......this isn't funny......"
Yoruko: "You're hard."
Akihito: "......"
Yoruko: "Hmph, you're so simple, Mizuwa."
Yoruko: "I hate you so much."
Yoruko: "I hate you."
Yoruko's presence moves.Her scarf, her vest, and her skirt. She takes them all off.
Only her underwear remains.Then she removes that too. The outline of a fragile white girl in the darkness.
No shred of shame or hesitation. She's so forward, it's almost mechanical.
Akihito: "Hey, Yoruko......"
I let her keep going because it felt dangerous to stop her, but this is getting out of hand.
My eyes meet Yoruko's.
I feel chills down my spine.This tiny creature looks down at me with fascination.
She's on the verge of bursting.I can almost hear the time bomb ticking inside her.
Yoruko: "I...hate...you."
This is so risque, I can't move.Yoruko's cold hands touch me through my shirt.The ends of her hair smell like evening dew.
Her slender fingers undo my belt, and release my thing from my pants. Unfortunately, it's already half-erect.
Yoruko: "......uhya."
Akihito: "Don't do this if it scares you......"
Yoruko: "Uu...u......!"
She can't stop herself. A muffled growl, meant to intimidate me.
Yoruko tries to put it in herself.She gets up, opens her legs, and pushes down on it.
She fails multiple times.
Yoruko: "Nn...uuu......uu, gii......nn!"
Yoruko: "Uuu! Uuu, nn......why......"
Yoruko: "This...goes here...and......this......"
Yoruko: "Uuu~~~~"
Yoruko: "Huh? Huh......"
Yoruko: "Uu......uuu! Hu, uu......nnn! *sniff*......"
My thing goes limp. Her tense breath changes to sobbing.
Yoruko: "Why......?"
Akihito: "Calm down. First, take some deep breaths. You're too tired......you're not thinking straight."
Yoruko: "I couldn't...protect......him."
Gasai――
Yoruko blames herself. This is a repeat of last night.It tortures her when she's awake, and haunts her in her dreams.
I can still hear the bomb ticking down. If she stands still, lets it strike her down and push her into a corner, she'll have no choice but to break herself.
Just as a car is useless without gas, a body is no more than an empty mannequin once its heart is gone.
Humans are a phenomenon. Lives and minds are nothing but chemical reactions if you break them down far enough. We want to believe they're sacred because we want ourselves to be divine.
We want life to have value because it's noble.
If you don't fear death, it's easy to choose death.If you have no reason to live, the fear of death fades away.
People need fairy tales. Even if they're fleeting dreams like glass castles.
Yoruko: "I can't...go on...like this."
Yoruko: "I'll go mad."
Yoruko: "Mizuwa...I hate you...so...I......"
So before Yoruko finishes......
Akihito: "............you idiot."
In the faint illumination of the flashlight, I violently pull her closer.
Yoruko might prefer doing this in the dark, but I'm afraid I might break her fragile body if I try touching it without any light.
Yoruko: "Mizuwa...hurry...hurry......"
Maybe it's best if she can't see my face.
I hold her from behind, hoping that might calm her down a bit.I put my hands under her knees and pick her up.
Yoruko's small, and fits nicely in my arms.A strange compromise between her tightness and our desire to touch.
Akihito: "......if this feels weird, you can say no."
She doesn't answer. I wasn't expecting her to.Yoruko probably doesn't care if it's weird or painful.
She closes her eyes, and her body curls up like a shell.It looks like she's enduring something.
Yoruko: "Nn............"
I reach for the base of her leg from behind. The touch of soft hair.
Yoruko: "Hu......!"
I open her up with two fingers as gently as I can. I massage her insides with my middle finger. Her entrance feels pretty tight. I won't be able to get all the way in.
Yoruko: "That's...enough...hurry......do it...already......nn, I don't care......how forceful."
She's so tense, it's like she's made of metal. Moisture gathers around my fingers searching her pristine crevice. Starting off with fingers might hurt a bit, but I try moving a little bit inside.
Yoruko: "Nn............!"
Up to the first knuckle. I move back and forth a little, and she gasps from the unfamiliar stimulus.
Yoruko: "Uu......ah! Hu, nn......nn, uu......! Nnah, hu, uu......! Aau......!"
I take my time, letting her loosen up.
I breathe on her ear. I lick her neck. I try many things.The sweet scent of her body mixed with soap rises up.
I stroke her bare skin with my hand, while still holding her legs.I do it gently, as if rubbing a bird's feathers.Her thighs. Her side. Up to her chest.
Yoruko: "Mi...zuwa......you...can just...do...it......you don't...have to...bother with this."
Akihito: "......you want to be a toy for the man you hate, right? So let me do what I want."
Yoruko: "Uu............!"
At first glance, you wouldn't be able to tell Yoruko's chest isn't flat.I touch it with my whole palm. There's not much, but it's definitely there.
I rub her nipples around with my fingertips.
Yoruko: "Huu, nn......uuuun."
I press my lips against her earlobe. I touch every inch of her delicate skin. It's more like fragile glass than silk.
I'm not caressing her so much as reassuring.I take my time, letting Yoruko open up.
Yoruko: "Ah, aaa......aaan......"
As I repeat that, her muffled voice starts sounding sweeter.I trace the bottom edge of her crevice with my finger, and find nectar leaking out. This might actually work.
Akihito: "Okay, I'll bring you down now......try to relax."
Yoruko: "Mm......"
Akihito: "I'll put it in slowly."
Yoruko: "You don't...need to worry...about that......nnn......! Ah......haa............!!"
My tip touches her lewd crevice. I open it with my fingers, and lower her hips.
Yoruko: "Aau......nn, uu......!"
Guilt. Sympathy. Empathy.A mix of those emotions, different from any sort of love.
Despite that, my thing is so hard it hurts, and I can feel it pushing open Yoruko's insides.
Yoruko: "Nn, nnnnn! Hua......aaaaannnnn......!!"
Yoruko's voice rises and her body convulses as the foreign object enters her body.
Yoruko: "Uu......ha, ouch......nnn......! Wh-what? Something's......auu, ah, th-there's a stick...in a weird place...entering......me......ah......!"
I slowly lower her a little more. Her body weight helps my engorged thing naturally pry her open, violating her purity.
Yoruko: "Aau, uuuuuau......o-ow, ah, auu......ow, uuu......ha, hii, ha......haa............haa............!"
Akihito: "Take some deep breaths. Long, slow breaths."
Yoruko: "Haa............huu............haa............hu, huu."
Yoruko does exactly what I tell her to. Being penetrated for the first time must be so overwhelming, so she can't waste her energy arguing with me.
I'm only halfway in. I start again.
Yoruko: "Ah, aaah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!"
I hold her legs, and shake her gently, carefully, trying to keep the stimulus mild.
Yoruko: "Haaaaaaaaaaaa......aau......! Nn!"
I sink into her. Deeper. Deeper.
Yoruko: "Uhu......aaaaaaa! Ah......! It's...so deep......!"
I pry her open and reach the end. Yoruko's a woman now.
Her neck bends back and her mouth opens and closes like a goldfish.
Yoruko: "Haa, haa, haa, haa......I'm...breaking. Aaah......huu, nn! ......just having it in me........."
I wait a while for her to get used to it.Yoruko's tiny body is delicate, stiff, and fragile.
In this extreme position, I push her upper body forward so I can lick from her shoulders to her neck. She quivers in my arms.
Yoruko: "Ah, aau, my body...it's......uuuuuuuuu......"
I don't know what she's feeling, but Yoruko gets even smaller. I hug her.
Yoruko: "Ah............"
I hold all of Yoruko. I'm glad I chose this position.
I stay still for a while.Yoruko's insides constrict in time with her rough breathing.
Her tight vagina finally starts to loosen up, as she gets used to having a foreign object inside of her for the first time in her life.
Akihito: "......I'm gonna move."
Yoruko: "Hau, nn............okay! Mizuwa, just......do whatever...you want......"
I continue holding her legs as I move Yoruko's body up and down.
Yoruko: "Aaaaah, uaaaaah, ah, hiu......!"
She's louder than I expected. It'd be bad if Mayuki wakes up.
Yoruko: "Ah, hya, nn, nnnnn! ......uuuu."
She shakes.
I pull all the way out and enter again. She shakes.
Yoruko: "Y-you don't have to be gentle...ha......f-faster......"
Akihito: "Okay."
I answer her masochistic request.I shake Yoruko with long strokes, but carefully enough not to break her.
Yoruko: "Huaaa......! Ah, nn! Hu! Nnn......! Aha, ah......ha! Nn......uu! Nnn!"
I move in and out of Yoruko. Each time my thing moves, her innocent flesh tightens.
Yoruko: "Hu! Nnu......! Ha, ah! Mizu...wa......!"
Yoruko can't move herself much since I'm holding her up.
My thing repeatedly goes deep inside her. She keeps taking it.
Yoruko's insides are still tight and shallow. As I force the tip of my thing against her constricted flesh, she makes high-pitched noises.
Yoruko: "Ah! Ah! Ah......! Hau, nnn......! Aannn! Mizuwa......ahu! Haaa......!"
I kiss Yoruko's neck several times. Her narrow insides become more lubricated.
I move firmly but slowly, letting Yoruko's insides soften.
Fluids flow out from where we're connected, dripping to the floor along with her blood.
Akihito: "Any better......?"
I hope this doesn't hurt as much, but asking her and making her think about it probably makes it worse again.
Yoruko: "Ah, uuuunnn......! Ha! Mizuwa......I-I'm...I don't...know."
Yoruko: "Ah! Ah! Ah! Nnn! Nnu......ha! Mizu......"
She shakes slightly. The strength leaves her. Her tense body loosens and leans against my arms.
Akihito: "Are you okay?"
She was wet, but it's her first time, so that isn't enough to climax.
Yoruko: "What...is this? ...I don't...more...keep doing it."
I gently churn around.
Yoruko: "Nnn! Ah, ha......! I-I'm......! Ahu, ha! Aaah......!"
We're deeply connected. I hold her up and shake her slightly, pushing my tip against Yoruko's insides.
Yoruko: "Ah! Mizuwa...Mizu...wa......ah, ii...aii......"
Sometimes I go deep, as if picking up Yoruko's heart before she drops it.
Yoruko's whole body tenses up. Her flesh tighten around my thing.
It's hot where my skin touches hers, but I still can't touch her fragile heart, so we rub our sweaty skin together.
Yoruko: "Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!"
Yoruko's body convulses irregularly, and her skin is so red that I can tell even from behind her head.
Yoruko: "Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa............!"
Another high-pitched voice. Fluid flies out of Yoruko's body. Her nails dig into me, as if trying to escape.
She climaxed slightly.
Yoruko: "Uu, ha......again...something......I don't know...it's...strange."
She reacts like this even though it's her first time.We seek contact, as if clinging, as if struggling.
Touching each other saves us for at least a moment.Yoruko wants that as punishment.
Yoruko: "This is...no good...it's not hurting...anymore."
Akihito: "That's fine."
Yoruko: "No."
I pick up her little body. I change my angle and rub against her.
Yoruko: "Nnn~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"
Yoruko: "Hau, huu, hin, I-I'm going numb......"
Akihito: "Stay focused."
Yoruko: "Fo...cus."
Akihito: "You don't have to think about anything."
Even for a moment, sometimes we need to cling to something.No one can be strong forever.
Yoruko: "Ah, hau......! Nn! Nnn!"
She's letting her voice out now after climaxing once.I change my pace and continue moving in and out.
Yoruko: "Aaaaaaah, aau, nu, hiuuuuunnn! Hii! Ha, nnnn......!!"
Her moans turn painful, but she accepts them without resisting.
Yoruko: "Hiunnn! Haa, aau, nn! Ah, ah, ah, ah! Nnnnn! Hyannn! Ha, aannn......! Nnuuu......!"
Yoruko: "Hiuu! Nn, u......! Ha, nnn......! Ha......! A-Aki...hito......! Nnnnn......!"
She shakes up and down, sweat appearing sporadically on her smooth skin and shallow chest.
Her butt rubs against my hips several times, scattering fluids everywhere.
Yoruko: "Ah! Uu, nnn! Hiu......ahaaa......!"
She climaxes a second time.
Yoruko: "Haa......hu......! Hau, hua............"
Yoruko: "I'm......uuuuu, aau......"
Yoruko slouches back.
I'm not done yet. I can't stop at this point, so I'll have to keep holding Yoruko up a little longer.
Yoruko: "Ah! Hiuun......n-no, not right now......! I-I'm coming apart...this is weird...it's not......!"
Yoruko: "Nnah! Han! Nn, nha......ah! Ah! Ah! Haa! ......hiin! Hua, aau......Mizu...wa......!"
Her pained voice calls me. It raises my pleasure like an aphrodisiac.
Yoruko: "..................hold me."
Yoruko yearns for me as my mind goes white.I hold her like a child, squeezing her.
Yoruko: "Ah! Aau!"
I hold her tight and thrust upward. She shakes in my arms as I penetrate her from below. The sofa sounds like it'll break.
Yoruko: "Ah! Aaah! Ha, uuun......! Hua, ah, ah......! Iuunnn......! Uha, ah! Ah......!"
I'm hypersensitive right now. The sensation of rubbing flesh and Yoruko's voice blot out my mind.
Akihito: "......! I'm almost......!"
Yoruko: "Hau! Hia......! Nn......o-okay, okay!"
The sofa creaks as we exchange pleasure.
Our skin touches as we share parts of our bodies with each other.Our skin and our breath reassure the other.
It's a contradiction.
Everyone has their own kingdom.Everyone has to protect themselves in order to live.Everyone lives in their own lonely kingdom.
And yet―――We want someone else to be in the center of that world, as close to us as they could ever be.
When lightning flashes through my brain, all the delicate flesh inside Yoruko sucks on me at once.
Yoruko: "Huaaa......! I'm......ah......! Huaaa......!"
Akihito: "Nn......!"
Yoruko bends backwards. A harsh constriction. It pushes me over the edge.
Yoruko: "Ah, aaah! Ah......! Hiaaaaaaaaaaa, aaaaaaannn.........!!!"
I run out of breath and my hips shoot up.
Yoruko: "Auu, nnn! Nn......aaaaaaaa......"
It throbs until everything has come out. Yoruko's whole body shakes.
Yoruko: "Nnaaa......ah......ahaa............ah......"
Yoruko: "Aha......haa! Haa! Haa! Haa......! Ah, haa, haa, haa......haa......ah......ahu......"
Yoruko goes limp, and I hold her gently from behind.
The thick scent of Yoruko's body rises up from her neck right before my eyes.
My thing is still throbbing inside her crevice as semen drips out.
====================T0500：カーニヴァル_0603.json====================
The morning after the war――
I fell asleep at some point. I remember sleeping with Yoruko though.
Akihito: "............"
Guilt? Regret? Something more complicated wells up.
Yoruko's not next to me anymore.Did she leave without saying goodbye? She's done that before.
Akihito: "Mayuki, where's......"
I enter the guest room with flashlight in hand.
Mayuki and Yoruko are sleeping on the floor like kittens on a bed of bathmats and towels.
I heave a sigh of relief and head back before I wake them up.
Akihito: "......better check if it's safe."
I go outside.
I pass through the business district, then the park, and reach the north side. A wretched scene awaits me.
Buildings demolished. Street signs and traffic lines broken off.Roads torn apart. Things that look vaguely humanoid.
People breaking down in tears. People wailing, shouting, cursing.
It's like the aftermath of a war or natural disaster.
Police cars and fire trucks race back and forth incessantly.
Every so often I find a group of bodies with no wounds.A group death――Connectors whose avatar was destroyed.
Judging from how many there are, surprisingly few coμs actually had their avatars killed.
Defeated avatars disappear into gate light automatically, so I don't see any of them lying around. That only makes this scene stranger.
Man: "Heeey, water bottles for a thousand yen each!"
Unscrupulous merchants appear.They mercilessly profit from others' misfortune. They're strong, in a way.
A cell phone radio at one man's feet tells us the news. I listen to it.
Apparently Hanasaki Street fared the worst. That's around where we fought El-ahrairah. It says part of the business district was destroyed too.
The human casualties seem to be relatively low since it was late at night.
The new heart's lifeline has been torn out.The roads and power lines are damaged, so traffic can't flow――
It's still unclear what the full extent of the damage is. The reporters keep using words like tremendous, incredible, and unprecedented.
I go back to Izalone. I need to rendezvous with the others immediately.
Akihito: "Let's get going."
Yoruko: "............"
Mayuki: "Are you okay?"
Yoruko just stands there in silence. Mayuki looks at her, concerned.
It's not the same problem as this morning. Yoruko looks strangely at me and Mayuki.
Yoruko: "......I'm...fine......I'll go elsewhere......"
She looks down, and awkwardly resists.
Akihito: "Do you have somewhere to go?"
What should we do with Yoruko?
Take her back to the Legion? Unfortunately, even Caesar's own army didn't know him that well. Who knows how many of them would actually recognize Yoruko as his knight.
In all likelihood, the rest of Gasai and Yoruko's coμ is dead.At the very least, they're definitely not in good shape.
Otherwise, she wouldn't have called me for help last night.
I don't know what Gasai's death will do to the Legion.Yoruko may not have a place there anymore.
She's probably the sole survivor of Gasai's coμ.
Will they just use her? Or abandon her?
What will happen if I send her back?Will she fight again? Or take revenge for Gasai?
Akihito: "............"
I feel a weight in my chest. I can't answer those questions.
Akihito: "Let's go."
I push her forward, without waiting for an answer.Yoruko follows without resisting.
She lost something precious to her. I know what that feels like.
Akihito: "We need to stay hidden until things calm down. We still don't know what the situation is out there."
I lead Mayuki and Yoruko back, using the emptiest streets I can find.
......Yoruko has a bit of difficulty walking.
We make it back to the hotel.Everyone except us has already gone, including the staff.
Benio: "Welcome back. We were so worried about you! You never even called!"
Benio leaps out, overcome with relief.
Benio: "Huh? Yoruko-chan too......?"
Mayuki: "......well, a lot happened."
Haru: "Welcome back."
Yoruko: "Uhiii!"
Haru: "Oh, that's quite the unfriendly greeting."
The maid's chest shakes demonically.Yoruko's face looks like a dog when you step on its tail.
She really was traumatized when Haru attacked her in the business district.
Akihito: "......is Izawa still here? We need to talk about a few things, so it'll be a problem if he's not around."
Haru: "I think he wants to head home soon, but I'll stop him. You know Izawacchi, his sisters are all worried sick about him."
Akihito: "Thanks."
Kagome: "Always the idiot, Akihito."
Kagome's the same as always.
Akihito: "Kagome......you......"
Kagome recovered overnight.She monopolizes the hotel couch as if she owns it.
Akihito: "You look...well......"
The words don't come.
Kagome: "Of course I'm well."
Yoruko: "......Hinaori."
The tension in the room rises.
Yoruko doesn't show any malice or hatred toward the witch.I'm not sure what she's feeling either.
It's similar to the emotion she forced on me last night, but more stable this time.
Yoruko and Mayuki go relax in one of the other rooms.
Akihito: "Let me explain."
Kagome: "Shouldn't you get some rest, Akihito?"
Akihito: "There's no time for that."
The hotel rooms all look the same, but there's one we've been using for group meetings like this.
Kagome, Benio, Haru, Izawa, and I are all here.
The biggest bomb of the morning goes off.
Benio: "Gasai-kun......died......"
Benio's whisper permeates the room. She looks around, hoping someone will tell her it's not true. No one does.
Kagome: "He died?"
Kagome's terse.
Haru: "Well, humans are pretty fragile."
Izawa: "......fuck that, who would......"
Akihito: "......dammit......"
I don't even know why this is so irritating, but I voice it anyway.I've known this for several hours, but only now does it finally hit me.
I almost want to cry. It's vexing. It's frustrating. It's sad.A mix of emotions with no outlet.
Benio: "......umm."
Benio turns the TV on, hoping to lighten the mood.The blackout ended for this area a while ago.
She lowers the volume on the news.
――The tragedy from five years ago repeats itself.
――The largest terrorist attack in history? No known connections to......
――Our channel has dispatched a special team of reporters......
The program bounces around from casters to politicians to celebrities, each of them saying something meaningless and insubstantial.
It's a live broadcast.
A local TV station broadcasts images of the new heart to all of Japan.It looks like some third-world country ravaged by war.
Benio: "......it's kinda...nostalgic."
Benio stares intently at the TV screen.
Haru: "I guess it is."
Izawa: "............tsk!"
Akihito: "Nostalgic?"
Kagome: "Five years ago."
They find these images "nostalgic." Kagome translates that for me, even though she probably feels differently.
Benio: "It might be even worse this time......"
Izawa: "......at least the casualty count isn't any higher."
Haru: "This time we were actually involved."
Benio: "Aaaah, you're right, hahahahahaha!"
A dry laugh.
Benio: "Ah, haaa...what should I do......?"
A cell phone. Ayaya texted me.
I check it, and discover several other texts I haven't read.Ayaya. Takahashi. Kururi. Hana-sensei――"Are you all right, Senpai?""I've texted you. If you're okay, please answer.""Heeeey, Kouhai!""Did you get hurt trying to save a girl again?"
During the battle, the phone lines were damaged so I didn't receive any of these. But they didn't disappear.
Texts are just a series of characters.An exchange of messages only a hundred or so letters long at most.
It's just a piece of text connecting me to someone else, but......
Akihito: "............"
This time, I really feel like crying. It's hard to hold it in.I quickly reply to them, saying I'm okay.
The last text has a name I don't see very often."Tell us you're safe."
It's from my dad.
Akihito: "――――――"
Kagome: "What's wrong, Akihito?"
Akihito: "Ah, nothing, just――"
Benio: "Are you crying?"
Izawa: "......what the hell are you doing?"
Akihito: "It's nothing. Nothing......"
This is bad. I'm choking.I flee to the bathroom before it gets any worse.
After I calm down and go back to the living room, I find a battle in progress.
Benio: "A-Akihito! Rondo and Yoruko-chan are......"
A war. Everywhere there's a war.Left a war, right a war. Humans and wars are inseparable.
Rondo: "I didn't expect to see my archenemy's lapdog here."
Yoruko: "Same to you, Rondo Rondo."
Both armies are posturing for attack.
Haru: "They're really getting into it. It's like a cat fight."
Akihito: "What's going on......?"
Benio: "Rondo...woke up......then Mayuki and Yoruko-chan bumped into her......"
So they couldn't get to sleep either.
Benio: "Akihito......"
Izawa: "Let them go at it for a while. They need to get it out of their systems at some point."
Akihito: "......"
Rondo: "The Legion killed my brother. Now Iroha's dead too."
Yoruko: "You're the coμ hunter. You've killed many yourself."
Rondo: "I doubt I come close to the number you've killed."
Rondo: "That's why Ca――――"
What she's about to say will be a real declaration of war to Yoruko.She's stepping over a line she can't turn back from.
Rondo: "Aau."
Yoruko: "Hawa."
I whack them both with a rolled-up newspaper.
Akihito: "Since we're all awake, we should eat now."
Rondo: "Don't interrupt me――"
Akihito: "I just saved you from leaping out of the frying pan."
Rondo: "............no one asked you to."
Akihito: "I know. I save women whether they ask me to or not. I'm a feminist. But you still owe me, okay?"
Rondo: "Y-you're so selfish......"
She bites her lips, and her shoulders shake.
Akihito: "You're still alive, aren't you?"
Rondo: "......fine, I owe you.Yes, thank you for saving me, friend."
That's the Rondo Rondo I'm used to seeing. Iroha's gone, and the rest of her coμ betrayed her, but she can still cling to her shallow pride.
Akihito: "No killing each other in this room. The hotel won't like us breaking their stuff. Now, we're all going to eat together, okay?"
Rondo: "............so you're saying we can fight outside?"
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko braces herself.
Akihito: "I won't try that hard to stop you. But if you go outside, someone might be out there hunting you. Remember why you're here."
Akihito: "You too."
Yoruko: "Eh? Me!?"
Yoruko jumps.
Yoruko: "But, Mizuwa......I...don't...need to be here......"
Kagome: "If you go outside, you'll die."
Yoruko: "............"
Yoruko responds to Kagome's gaze with a complex expression.
Mayuki: "Eh? What do you......?"
Kagome: "Like Akihito said, Caesar's gone now. No one's in a position to inherit the Legion's kingdom."
Kagome: "Without their powerful tyrant, all they can do is―――"
Benio: "Stop fighting......?"
Kagome: "Fight over his empire."
When the powerful king is gone, the lesser nobles fight for a piece of the king's pie.
The Legion, the Round Table, the Anti-Rounds―――
The survivors sit in a castle of sand, kicking each other down to obtain slightly better food, until one of them comes out on top.
Izawa: "Ha! That's always what happens."
Benio: "I don't get it."
Mayuki: "You've been slow ever since I met you, Benio-san."
Haru: "Well, it's good that Benio-chan is so pure and simple."
Benio: "Th-that doesn't feel like a compliment......"
Rondo: "......it's just idiots killing each other."
Kagome: "The same as five years ago."
Benio and Mayuki hold their breath. Rondo and Yoruko also wait for her to say more.Only the maid and I are unfazed.
Kagome: "It was exactly the same five years ago. The coμs in leadership positions were crushed, and fights broke out between all the other connectors.They had plenty of grievances by then."
Akihito: "So there will be another "war" like that?"
Kagome: "It'll be bigger than last time. There's simply more connectors now."
She calmly states a chilling truth.
Kagome: "And the System has been making it worse. They want to finish their plan. This is the ending they've written."
Kagome: ""Carnival." A way to neatly dispose of the Illusion Plan."
Kagome: "The plan was meant to be a lot smaller than this. The connectors have multiplied much faster than anticipated. Their mutual infection rates have exploded."
The Coμnet expanded beyond the System's ability to control.
Kagome: "They built this failsafe into the plan from the beginning. If the connectors ever started gathering public attention, like they did five years ago, making the plan unsustainable, they were prepared to quickly contain the situation by causing this."
Kagome: "The biggest problem is disposing of the connectors."
The word "disposing" stabs me in the back. A horribly warped fantasy――It's probably accurate.
Akihito: "......are they going to kill everyone?"
The worst-case scenario hits me.
Benio: "That's just wrong!"
Mayuki: "......they're blatantly ignoring basic human rights."
Haru: "We're all ignoring the law though. Complaining about more crimes is a bit pointless."
Yoruko: "......but still......"
Haru: "Yoruko-chan, you don't like that?"
Izawa: "Hmph."
Rondo: "Please tell us what "dispose" means. Depending on the answer――"
Akihito: "What would you do?"
Rondo: "......fight. Oppose them. I am Rondo Rondo, after all."
She holds her head high.She brandishes her pride without any energy behind it.She's already lost all her strength and her friends.
Rondo wants an enemy, not a purpose.
She doesn't care who. Just someone to defeat――An illusion.Otherwise she can't stand up anymore.
Kagome: "Connectors are a kind of virus. Connectors spawn other connectors.They are an enemy of the world."
Kagome: "The System protects the world from them."
Kagome: "They can't control a large number of connectors. Pruning is required."
Benio: "......are they bringing assassins?"
A death goddess who claimed to judge us.She killed Nomad and many other coμs.
Kagome: "The "Carnival" plan has several parts. An arbiter to clean up coμs, attacks from those coμs under the System's control......but the main component is pushing coμ society toward collapse."
A group of coμs is twisted. We have the power of avatars and no real way to restrict them. Crime and punishment always go together. You can't drive a car with only one wheel.
Kagome: "Coμs are dangerous. Just one coμ isn't that bad no matter how powerful they are, but a group of coμs is overwhelming. Gasai was a threat to everyone."
The one man who tried to bring order and unity to the Coμnet.That tyrant has been defeated in the name of freedom, and now a beautiful lawless war will succeed him.
Kagome: "Currently, the Coμnet is too large for even the System to control.If they descend into lawlessness this time, it'll be much worse than five years ago. Even the System doesn't want that to happen."
There's no way they'd be able to cover up something like that.
Kagome: "Plus, if connectors start to see the System as an enemy, that will give the Coμnet an objective."
An enemy for the Coμnet to defeat. If all coμs focus their efforts on the System, there'd be no way to stop them.
Akihito: "So this is all going the way they want it to."
I remember the death goddess' words. The world is still dizzyingly fast.
====================T0540：カゴメとのＨ02_0603.json====================: "Where do you want to go?": "I have nowhere to go......"
Rondo gazes outside.
The view from the hotel is lacking. This is just a worn-down castle stuck in between a bunch of other miscellaneous buildings.
They're outside the new heart, and pretty far from the business district.Out here there's no damage from the "war," so it's a good hiding place.
It's raining again today.The weather's often bad this time of year. It's quite gloomy.
She watches raindrops hit the windowsill and break into smaller droplets.
Akihito: "Hey."
Rondo: "Mizuwa......"
She sounds like the usual Rondo Rondo now.She forces herself to stand up straight.
Rondo's wounds are deep. Not physically, but emotionally.
She was completely defeated, Kimizuka Iroha died, and the rest of her coμ betrayed her. And now Caesar died too.
She tried to fill the hole in her heart, but her foolishness made her lose even more. She doesn't even have an enemy to blame it on anymore.
Rondo: "Weirdo."
She frowns as she says that.
I thought she'd break, but Rondo held it together.It must be because Yoruko's here.
Rondo's last shred of pride won't let her show weakness in front of her. That's all she needed to support herself.
Akihito: "What do you mean?"
Rondo: "I'm the only "coμ hunter" left."
She pouts her lips, as if angry.
Akihito: "That's the problem......?"
Iroha died yesterday, and even Kugura died behind the scenes recently.
Rondo: "There are people looking for me, right?"
Akihito: "Mayuki said there's a thread recruiting people to take out the coμ hunter."
Rondo: "Now that the king's gone, they've all started taking matters into their own hands."
Akihito: "The Round Table might be after you too."
Rondo: "Eh......?"
Rondo's not stupid, but she can be slow sometimes.
Akihito: "You were working with Kugura, so maybe they're afraid you know too much."
In other words, they need to keep her quiet.
Rondo: "He...never......"
Akihito: "Probably not, but that doesn't matter."
Rondo: "So I'm a wanted criminal."
Akihito: "It's not a good thing, having three million on your head."
Rondo: "You're hiding me, so it's your problem too."
Akihito: "Oh well."
Rondo: "......I killed a lot of people."
Akihito: "I know."
Rondo: "......are you stupid?"
I shrug my shoulders. That theatrical demeanor suits Rondo well.
Akihito: "Everyone says I'm incurably stupid."
Kagome says that a lot. For some reason, I feel better.
Akihito: "......I didn't want you to die, Rondo."
Rondo: "......come on."
Akihito: "Not you, not Yoruko, not Benio, not Mayuki, not O-Haru-san......well, I'm not as fussed about Izawa."
Akihito: "Not Kagome either."
Akihito: "There's a lot more. A senpai at school, a nagging kouhai, a teacher......my parents."
Rondo: "Are you an altruist?"
Akihito: "I'm not that good of a person."
Akihito: "I don't want you to die, Rondo. It might've been easier to let you die, but I still want you to live."
Rondo: "......"
Rondo's had plenty of opportunities to leave.
But she's still staying with us. Is she just lonely?
Does she need someone beside her now that all of her friends are gone?
Akihito: "Do you......regret it?"
Being the coμ hunter.
Rondo: "......maybe I do."
I think she knew what I meant.
Akihito: "Once we're done with all this fighting, we'll try to do something about that too. It's better than just regretting it."
Akihito: "Maybe we can't do anything, and there are just too many people who hate you, but......"
Akihito: "I'll try to help."
Rondo: "......do you think you can do something?"
She's done a lot of things that can never be taken back. Not one of them can be atoned for.
But so what?
Akihito: "I guess I can try, at least."
It takes me a while to answer.
Rondo: "......I...promise."
Rondo: "Someday, we'll do that."
For the first time, her smile looks comforting. Like a proud girl.
It's too late. She's failed so many times.Only a few small pieces remain in her hands.
But blood still courses through her veins.
Other people are completely separated from you. Two sides of an abyss.We throw invisible things across the gap to interact.
Kagome: "I don't like it."
I head back to my room, and cold eyes await me.
I call it my room, but really everyone's using it.
Akihito: "......wh-what are you referring to?"
I'm weak, so I immediately stutter.
Kagome: "You're cold to men, but nice to every woman you see."
Akihito: "............why do you have to make that sound so bad?"
Akihito: "......are you in a bad mood?"
Kagome: "Of course, your dere dere childhood friend is magnanimous when it comes to cheating."
Akihito: "Th-that's good to hear......"
Kagome: "I'll at least give you time to choose your method of death......probably."
Akihito: "That's not magnanimous at all! And what do you mean probably!?"
W-was she really the jealous type? That's not good. For many reasons.
Kagome: "You seem bored."
Kagome glares at me.
Akihito: "I'm not bored, but what do you want?"
Kagome: "You should ravish me sometimes."
Suddenly, without context, she orders me point-blank.
Akihito: "R-ravish......what do you mean?"
The mood is kind of important for that. It has to feel natural.
Kagome's completely missed the mark on that.
I feel like she's telling me to read some books on kissing technique.
Kagome: "Figure it out, Akihito."
She makes unreasonable demands.
The bath. For men, having sex in the bath is on par with a maid doing sexual favors.
Kagome: "Uu......I said ravish, but......doing this in the bath......"
Akihito: "We haven't had much time to do this lately......"
We play around in the bathroom, cloudy with steam.
I rub the body soap bubbles along Kagome's bare skin as I hold her from behind.
Her skin is already smooth and supple, but adding soap makes my hands just slide across it.
Kagome: "Nn......! Huhu, Chai Tianwen has some very good......hiding places......"
I reach around and play with her voluptuous chest.
Weight and volume. The shape and texture are great too.I could drown just in the sensation of kneading them.
Kagome: "Ah............!"
A sweet voice.
What's so good about her? She's arrogant, cold, merciless, demeaning, bad-mouthed......like a witch. Not cute at all.
Kagome: "Nnhu......! Nn......hau......you're like an old man, wanting to wash me with your bare hands. Such a pervert......Akihito."
I have no idea what I like so much about her, but she's irreplaceable.
Kagome: "......huhuhu......! This is fun, Akihito."
Kagome: "Hau......unn......nn, nnn......Akihito......"
I rub a thin layer of bubbles onto Kagome's chest. I squeeze them hard, then knead them around. Her flesh squeezes out between my fingers.
Kagome: "Ah......! Aha......haa, haa......ha......hau......nn......huuu......"
I gently pinch her pale tips with my fingers.Because of the soap, they slip out. I repeat that several times with both hands, kneading both nipples obsessively.
Kagome: "Nn......! Haa......! Ah, uha......ahu, nnnnn! H-hey, Akihito......! Ha! D-don't play with them......!"
Akihito: "This is serious."
Kagome: "Hau, nnn......!"
Kagome's nipples grow shamelessly hard. I finally capture them with my fingers.
Kagome: "Ha......! Nnu......huu, huu, huu......ah......! Ha! Akihito......!"
I pinch and rub her pink flower buds, pulling them left and right.
The soap must be having an effect, because Kagome rubs her thighs together with each pained breath.
Kagome: "Nnha......ahu, nn......huha......ah, ah......! Akihito......you're already hard......haa, haa."
My hot, raging thing is sticking to Kagome's butt.
Kagome's hips writhe around in response.
Akihito: "Kagome......raise your hips a little......"
Kagome: "Nhu......! Ha, ah......"
My hardened thing points upward, and I stick it between Kagome's legs.
After all that playing around, both our genitalia are hot.
I move my thing a little. Kagome's hips and crotch are wet, but in a very different way from the body soap.
Kagome: "Ha......ahu, nn......! Nnn......I can feel you throbbing, Akihito......"
Kagome: "You can......put it in........."
An inviting voice, almost caught in her throat. I resist the urge to do as she says.
Akihito: "......let's play just a bit more first."
Kagome: "You don't have to be so......hau! Nn, nnn......haa, haa......"
I clutch her chest again. I push her white, round breasts together.
My hands can't contain their incredible volume. It feels like they'd blend into one mass if I kneaded them around hard enough.
Kagome: "Nn......huhu......Akihito, you really like breasts......uhu, nnn......ha......! Nn, huha......"
Akihito: "......I like your breasts, Kagome......"
The size and shape is almost unbeatable. I shake my hips as I fondle her luxurious chest.
My thing rubs against Kagome's crotch, slowly producing comforting stimuli.
Kagome: "Ha......! Ahu, nn......haa, haa......Akihito, your thing feels...so hot......ha......! Huu, huu......nn......! Hau......"
I pull back my hips, then push my thing against Kagome as hard as I can.
The sensation of wet thighs and a crotch. Plump layers of flesh devour me.I try to rub against her clitoris.
Kagome: "Uua......ah, nn......! Aha......! Hi! Nn......uhu......aaa......haa, haa, haa......"
As I rub my shaft against her several times, more fluid starts pouring out of Kagome.
I notice our rough breathing is filling the room with white clouds.
Kagome: "Nna......ahu, hu......! Uuunnn......! Hi! Nn......ah, ah, haa......haa, haa......"
Unlike when I inserted it, the part rubbing against me is exposed, so I can hear the lewd watery sounds.
Kagome: "A-Akihito......don't rub...so much......! Ha......at this rate, I'll...before you...stick it in......haa......!"
Akihito: "So......should I insert it now......?"
Kagome's flower is plenty excited, and glistening liquid flows out of it.
I feel like I'll get sucked into that hot slimy place the moment I touch it.
A place that had never experienced such things until recently. I made it like this.
Akihito: "............this is really something."
Kagome: "Yes......but first......"
Suddenly, Kagome's fingers twist around me. She lovingly rubs my thing between her thighs.
My thing leaps just from being touched by her delicate fingers.
Kagome: "You've had all sorts of fun with me, so I have to repay the favor......"
Her pure white breasts shake softly before my eyes.
Bewitching porcelain mounds, wet with soap bubbles. The pink tips are undeniably hard and shaking with excitement.
Akihito: "*gulp*"
I swallow my saliva for some reason. Kagome licks her lips with satisfaction, like a snake.
Kagome: "Akihito, you seem to like breasts more than food, so......"
She seems a little shy, but assertively holds up her breasts and comes down toward me.
This is......the legendary boobjob!
I'm so amazed I get a little high.
Of course, I like breasts, and Kagome's are particularly wonderful in terms of size and shape. They're both beautiful and intimidating.
Many times I've caught frustrating glimpses of those enticing mounds through her shirt.
Kagome: "Now......"
Soft, warm objects envelop my thing from both sides. I can't stop myself from groaning.
Akihito: "Uu......!"
Kagome: "I-I am your partner, Akihito, but......I am not sure......what would make you feel best, so......"
That stuttering and uncertainty isn't like Kagome at all. She mutters as she shakes her chest.
The slimy body soap and fluffy warmth. Just having them around me is comforting.
Kagome: "So......if you want me to do something......say so."
The witch can do anything, but even she lacks practical sexual experience.
She seems to know that she's supposed to rub up and down next.
Kagome: "Should I......lick it?"
Akihito: "Yeah......with lots of saliva, please."
Kagome: "Okay, I'll lick it all over......Nn......*lick*......*kiss* *kiss*......*kiss*......nn, *kiss*......"
Her red tongue pecks at me as she lovingly kisses my tip.
It's cute how she looks up at me, trying to judge my expression.
Kagome: "*lick*......*kiss* *kiss!* Nn......*kiss* *kiss*......nn......*kiss* *lick*............how is it......?"
Akihito: "Yeah, that's good."
I've never seen Kagome so uneasy about anything before.
This is amazing!
I want to say something comforting to her, but the pleasure clouds my mind, preventing me from coming up with any words.
Kagome: "Nn......I guess that works......now, my chest......nn! Nn......! Haa, haa......nn......! Nn, nnn......!"
As the saliva traverses the whole of my shaft, soap bubbles mix with it.She pulls her mouth back and pushes harder with her breasts.
Her chest lewdly changes shape, sliding up and down my thing.
Kagome: "Nn......! Haa, haa......nn, nn......hau, nn......Akihito......ha! Nn......"
Kagome does her best to move her chest around, and my thing keeps appearing and disappearing between her breasts.
She smiles a little when she sees transparent juice coming out of the tip.
Kagome: "Nhu......uu, nn......okay, Akihito......tell me when you're about to come......nn, nnn......!"
Akihito: "I'll do...my best."
Pleasure keeps interrupting our words.
She's not caressing me that much, but I feel like I'll come at the slightest provocation right now.
Kagome: "Nn......! Nn, nnn......! Tell me when......I'll drink...all of it......"
Akihito: "Uu......!"
Her generous offer raises my excitement.
Kagome's figured out my reactions now, so she starts shaking her plump fruits much faster. 
Kagome: "Nn......! Nhu......! Nn......haa, haa, haa......Akihito......nn, nn......!"
I drift in white pleasure before a climax. All I can think about is connecting with Kagome after this.
I drown in it. Not my body, but my heart is invaded by someone else.If I give her my heart, the pain of losing it will be deep.
I want her, despite that fear. Fear and joy are two sides of the same coin.
Akihito: "Aaah......"
Kagome: "Nnn! Nn......nn! Nnhu! Ha! Ahu, nnn......Akihito, you're......throbbing......nn......! Ha......!"
I feel like I could do this any number of times. If seeing Kagome want me this badly didn't make me hard, I'd just be broken.
Kagome: "Nnhu......! Ha......ahu, nn......! Haa, haa, haa......nn......! Nn! Nn! Nn!"
Akihito: "Kago...me......!"
My chest constricts from the stimulation around my lower body. Kagome uses her huge chest, making my tip leap up, and my pulse accelerate.
Kagome: "Nn! Nn! Nn! Ah......it's shaking? Akihitooo......nn! Nnn......!"
My heart beats so fast and loud it's getting irritating. The blood races through my lower abdomen, and I grit my teeth.
Akihito: "Kagome...I'm coming......!"
Kagome: "Mm............amu, *kiss* *lick* *kiss* Nn, nn, nn......! *lick* *kiss* nnuuu......"
Kagome's throat is dry from excitement, and the thick membranes inside stick to me.
With her cheeks on both sides and her tongue moving all around me, I reach ejaculation quite easily.
Akihito: "Uaa............!!!"
Kagome: "Nnnnnnnnn............!!"
Semen surges out along with pleasure, into Kagome's mouth.
Each wave of climax releases more fluid. When Kagome finally closes her mouth, she has an expression of satisfaction.
Kagome: "Nn......*gulp* Nn......! Nn, u......!"
Akihito: "Uuu......!"
I'm still shaking from the pleasure as Kagome swallows it.
Kagome: "Mmm......*kiss* *lick* *lick*......nn......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......nn......*lick* *lick*......nn............"
She sucks out everything left in my body, including everything stuck to my shaft.
After doing all that, she finally releases my thing.
Kagome: "Nnu......puha......"
Akihito: "Hu...uuu......huu, huu, huu......"
Kagome smiles, licking her lips.
If there wasn't any semen on her lips, she'd look like a child eating her favorite snack.
Kagome: "Hau......huhu, Akihito......how was that?"
Akihito: "......very good."
Kagome: "Of course. I did my best to please you."
Maybe Kagome's surprisingly good at oral.
Kagome: "Your face was cute when you came, Akihito."
Akihito: "......don't say embarrassing things."
I hold Kagome from behind like before and pick her up.
Kagome: "Y-yes......! Akihito......do it......"
Akihito: "Okay......"
Kagome uses her hands to guide my tip to her entrance.
Kagome: "Nn......! Ha......a......!"
With my tip jammed into her flesh, I let go of her body.
Something cold shoots through my back.
The narrow soft path of flesh envelops me from tip to base.
Kagome: "Haaaaaaaaaaaa............!!"
Nails dig into my thighs as Kagome's whole body convulses.She climaxes slightly from the stimulus of insertion.
Kagome's insides writhe, wringing me out and sucking me up.The intense pleasure assaults me, making my whole body tense.
Kagome: "Ah, ha......nn......hau! Nnu......huu, huu, huu............"
Kagome: "Akihito, when you came in......my mind almost flew away......hau, huu, huu, huu......"
Akihito: "Uu......! Was it...that good? It was pretty intense for me too when you climaxed."
Kagome: "I see, so that's......nn! Haa, haa......good for you too, Akihito......we are connected...after all......"
Kagome is aloof.
Kagome's always lived alone. It started long before I met her on that hill in our youth.
But now, I'm here.
Everyone is alone. That won't ever change. There's no way to make your heart reach another person.
No matter how close you are, no matter how strongly you feel about them, you're still alone.
But even if this is just a moment of meaningless consolation......
I want to believe that we're connected right now, like a fairy tale.
Kagome: "Huu......nn! Nn, nnn......! Ha! Hau......nuu......uu, hua......! A-Akihito......Aki...hito......"
Akihito: "Kagome......"
I wish I had better words to express this, but language can't convey the depth of emotion, so we have to settle for a physical connection.
Kagome: "Uuunnn......! Nn, naa......! Ha! Ah, aaah! Aannn......! Hu! Nn......aha......!"
I kiss her cheeks and neck several times, and slowly start to shake her body.
Our crotches are nice and hot. The heat moves from there up through my spine, melting my brain.
Kagome: "Nn! Nn......haa, haa......hau, hu......! Nnha......ah......ah......kiss me......I can't reach."
Akihito: "Lean to the side a bit......yeah, put your head on my shoulder......"
I pull Kagome's body back, making it lean against me. Her flush face is right beside mine.
She pushes her lips onto mine with a happy face now that I'm within reach.
Kagome: "*kiss* *kiss*......huhuhu, that's more like it......nn, *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......nn, *kiss* *kiss*......"
Our crotches and lips mingle, shaking our bodies in a position that's not great for our necks.
The moisture in the bathroom turns to sweat on our skin.
Our bodies twist together, our moist skin sticking to each other. The warmth of our skin makes our limbs relax.
Kagome: "*kiss* *kiss*......nn......nha! Ah......! Aki...hito......ah! Uha......! Hua......!"
I start moving my hips again, interrupting Kagome's kisses.
Kagome: "Ha......! Ah! Nnnn! A-Akihito! More...more......haa! Ah, n, nnn......!"
I peek over her shoulder to find something dark repeatedly entering and exiting her open flesh.
Little folds of flesh in her cute crevice wrap around my thing.
Kagome: "Hau! Hu! Nn......nuu......! Ha! Aaaaah! Nn......nah! Haaa......! Ha! ......uu, nnn!"
When I pull out, I end up outside her entrance, revealing part of Kagome's insides.
When I stick it in, my whole thing ends up deep inside her, and she feels like just an innocent girl in there. 
Kagome: "Ah! Akihito......Akihitooo......! Aaah......! Ah, ah, ah, ah......! Aaah! Nnn......! Nn......haa, haa!"
Kagome grabs onto my neck and starts moving her own hips.
Without really trying, our movements end up in sync.
Kagome: "Hiu! Nn......! Nn, nn! Nn......! Nhu......! Ha......! Hau......hu! Haa! Nn, nnn......! Nn......!"
Kagome shuts her eyes. She raises her chin and focuses on the thing moving in and out of her, twisting her hips along with it.
I feel like these hot, soft things are sucking my soul out.
Kagome: "Nn......! Ha......! Nuu! Ah! Ah, ah, ah......! Nnaaaaaaa......! Ah, aannn! Nn! Ha......!"
There's nothing cuter than this girl moving her own hips to make herself feel good.
Kagome: "Ha! Ha! Ha......! Ha......haaa......! Nn! Huuu! Uha......! Haa, ah, ah......!"
Kagome's shoulders lurch and her hip movements get thrown off.
Kagome: "Ha......uu, nnn......! Huuuu......! Nuu, it's...too good......my body's...going numb......!"
The pleasure must be so high that she can't move her body as well anymore.
I hold her tightly from behind.
Kagome: "Akihitooo......"
Akihito: "I'll handle the rest......"
Kagome: "Ah......ah, ah, ah! Haaaaa......!!"
I hold the sensual lines of her hips and start shaking Kagome vigorously.
I pick her up and drop her, pick her up and drop her. Each time, my thing enters deep into Kagome.
Kagome: "Nn! Ah! Ah! Ah! Aaaaah! Ha, aaah! Nnu......ha! Aaaaaaah! Hiunnn! Nnn......!"
I use my whole body, slamming her white limbs into my hips several times. Each time, Kagome's reaction gets louder.
Kagome: "Ah! Nnnnn! Hu......nnn! Haaaa! Ah, aan! Uaa......hi! Uha! Ah, ah, ah......nuuu......!"
A harsh exchange. Bubbling fluids pour out of her orifice. We're both covered in sweat, immersed in the pleasure we're giving each other.
Kagome: "Haa! Ah! Aki...hito......! Huu! Nn, nna......nnn! Ha, again...you're......inside......!"
Akihito: "Uu......uuu!"
She closes her thighs and tightens around me.
The pressure suddenly rises, and Kagome's insides suck on me vigorously.
Kagome: "More......m-more...don't stop...nnn! Hold...me......Akihitooo......! Haaaa! Ah, naaaa!"
I hold her so tight that it might hurt and shake Kagome up and down.
My mind grows murky and I experience the illusion that we're sharing this sensation.
Kagome: "Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Aan! Aannn......! Hua......hua, ah, ah......! Haannnnn......!"
Kagome makes adorable moans I'd normally never imagine hearing from her. They hit deep in my brain.
The gap between her usual self and her current self lights a fire under me, driving me closer to becoming a beast.
Kagome: "Ah! Nnnaaa......! Haaaan, hiu! Hu! Uuuunn......! Hiaaaaaaan!"
Akihito: "Uuo......!"
I shake Kagome's body violently.
Her soaking wet butt slams into me. Her breasts shake like ripe fruits.Her hard nipples send sweat drops flying.
Kagome: "Haaaaa! Ah! Aaah! Aaaaaah! Huun! Nn, nnah! Huaaaa......!"
We both look up at the ceiling, breathing roughly and enduring the pleasure. I see flashes of light, and my mind almost cuts out.
Despite that, we continue thrusting as we endure the pain just before climax.
Kagome: "Ha! Aaah! I-I'm......! Hau......! Ah, auuuuu......! Akihito, I'm...about......! To......!"
Akihito: "Me...too......here goes, Kagome......!"
My legs and neck tense up. Waves of pleasure wash over me, toying with us on the verge of climax.
Kagome: "Ha! Aaah......! I-I'm......com......ing......!"
Akihito: "Nnn......!!"
I raise Kagome up one last time, and thrust her down hard.
Kagome: "Hiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa............!!!!"
Akihito: "Uaa......! Nn......!!"
As Kagome climaxes, the complex pleats hidden inside her crevice pulsate, guiding me to cum at the same time.
Kagome: "Ah, aaaah......! Ah......!!! Ha, ah......!!"
Thick, hot, white fluid shoots out into Kagome's body.
Her delicate flesh undulates upward, sucking my thing up into her.
As if voraciously sucking on me, intent on not losing a single drop.
Kagome: "Aha......Akihito......! Akihito, you're......ah......ha......! Uha......haa, haa, haa, haa......!"
Finally, the fluid of lust stops flowing out.
My arms loosen their grip on her.
I was holding her really tight. I can see red marks on Kagome's hips.
Akihito: "Haa, haa, haa......I squeezed...a bit too hard......did that hurt?"
Kagome: "Hau......nn......nhu......don't worry......it was more reassuring......that it hurt......"
Akihito: "Kagome......"
Kagome: "Akihito......"
This time, I hold Kagome's body gently.
We forget to wipe off the sweat, cuddling up and feeling each other's heartbeats.
====================T0600：カゴメの暴走_0603.json====================
The next day. Morning.
Two blocks away from the Takakura Suspension Bridge, Izawa walks along a long, lonely, winding road up a hill.
Izawa: "How far are we going?"
Akihito: "The Takakura Prince Hotel."
Izawa: "......that's too far to walk."
Akihito: "That's why we're starting early."
Izawa: "What the hell happened to your moped?"
Akihito: "......it ran out of gas so I had to leave it on the side of the road, and some idiot......"
Izawa: "Stole it?"
Akihito: "......they didn't steal it, but they tore it apart."
It was ravaged, violated, and left strewn around in pieces.
Izawa laughs at me. It's annoying.
Izawa: "Just call the maid and use her car."
Akihito: "We're going to do something evil, so I'd rather you were with me than her."
Izawa: "That's called hypocrisy, you know."
Akihito: "............is that a problem?"
???: "Evildoers!!!"
Akihito: "Gyao!"
Something clings to me from behind. My heart stops.
Benio: "What are you two boys whispering about? It's really suspicious."
Akihito: "Benio!!? Don't scare me like that! There might be people out there trying to kill us, you know!!"
Izawa: "That's your fault for keeping the coμ hunter and Caesar's dog as your pets."
The "war" in the new heart showed everyone who the coμ hunter was and who Sting's connector was. It's all over the Coμnet now.
They also know Babylon's on their side, so we've become a target for everyone's anger and hatred. 
Akihito: "You're not that different, mad dog."
Izawa: "Shut up, or I'll kill you right here."
Benio: "Yesterday, Mayu-Mayu said we're everyone's targets now."
Benio: "Either they want to kill the coμ hunter, kill all of Caesar's friends, or take revenge for five years ago."
Benio: "And for some reason, some of them made it sound like we betrayed them."
Akihito: "That last one doesn't make any sense."
And it's annoying.
Benio: "So, where are you guys sneaking off to? If any of those people find you, you'll get hunted down in no time."
Izawa: "Ask the two-faced womanizer."
Akihito: "Something bad."
Benio: "Then stop it!!"
She points her index finger at me like a sword.
Akihito: "I might not be cut out for the ally of justice thing."
Benio: "............"
She puts a finger to her lips, thinks for a minute, then smiles.
Benio: "But it would be bad to ignore what you're doing now that I know it's bad."
Benio: "So I'll come along and keep an eye on you two!"
Izawa: "Stay out of our way, Ironing Board."
Benio: "Shut up."
Benio: "It's fine, I can be flexible when it comes to justice. Ah, but if you really do turn evil, I will beat you up."
She makes a fist with her delicate hands, showing her determination.
Akihito: "I see. Then I guess we can get back to it."
Izawa and I start walking again. Benio follows behind us.
Mayuki: "The shopping team is off and away."
She salutes firmly.
Haru: "Got everything?"
Mayuki: "Shopping list, check. Wallet, check. Disguise, check."
Mayuki points to everything. Since they're a wanted coμ now, using a disguise is only natural.
Haru, Mayuki, and Yoruko are the ones going shopping today.
Mayuki: "Today's slogan is "The walls have ears and the doors have eyes.""
Haru: "The walls are listening and the doors are watching......that sounds like a fetish."
Mayuki: "Normally I get all my groceries online......by the way, where'd Benio-san go?"
Rondo: "............Akihito and Izawa snuck out, so she followed them."
Yoruko: "We should really get......"
Haru: "Oh, I'd better take off the maid outfit."
Yoruko can't help but think she should've done that a while ago.
A car drives out of the parking garage underneath the Prince Hotel, and takes a road heading north by northwest.
Part of the highway was ruined by the "war," so he's taking a detour through a tunnel.
――As expected.
Benio: "―――Fly, Babylon!!"
Gate light appears in the car's path. A dragon rises out of the blue whirlpool. Three bullets are loaded into it.
The car's brakes kick in just before it starts spinning, but Babylon picks it up and shakes it like a toy, then throws it aside.
Izawa: "......hey, Takekawa, why do you say "Fly?""
That's a good question.
Benio: "............all the anime themes I like say "fly" in them."
She must like that word.I guess it doesn't really matter how you summon it.
Akihito: "That aside......"
Akihito: "Kajou-sensei, how are you?"
The rear door opens. Kajou smiles haughtily, even at times like this.
Kajou: "That was a most unusual experience! Beautiful! I see you know how to greet a genius. This is a new world, a new intelligence!"
Akihito: "No, I was just taking out my frustration on you."
I wanted the schemers pulling all the strings to experience being attacked by a real avatar.
Akihito: "Benio?"
Benio: "It's fine, there's no one around."
Benio's a Rogue. She's the best at processing Babylon's sensory information.
Akihito: "So why would someone like you wander around such a dangerous place without any escort?"
I wasn't expecting him to be unguarded.
Kajou: "My driver is my bodyguard, though she can only deal with humans."
The woman gripping the steering wheel looks more like a secretary than a bodyguard. I look toward her, and she looks back at me.
Kajou: "Great geniuses do not like restrictions. I can't stand being surrounded by such stiff, inflexible people!"
Izawa: "......you are a piece of work."
This guy still doesn't feel like an enemy to me. Maybe I'm not good at dealing with him because he's Ayaya's uncle.
Akihito: "Sorry for interrupting your busy schedule, but could we have a chat?"
Kajou closes one eye, like a mischievous child.
Kajou: "If you answer my questions, I'll make some time. How did you know what this great genius' plans were?"
Akihito: "I called Ayaya yesterday and asked her where you were staying. She mentioned you had a meeting tomorrow because she couldn't see you that day."
Kajou: "Oooh! Such human error! In the end, the genius' true enemy is the darkness within the human heart!"
Most mysteries are very simple once explained.
Underneath the bridge.
Kajou Uehito looks like he belongs outdoors, rather than in a research lab with a white coat.
Kajou: "Good to see you're doing well. Humans are but toys of their bodies. Health cannot be overlooked. Ha! Ha! Ha!"
No matter what, he never loses his pride.
Izawa: "You waste a lot of time blabbing......"
Akihito: "Anyway, neither of us have a lot of time."
Kajou: "So you understand that wasting the time of an astronomical genius such as myself is not good for the Earth, huhuhu."
Kajou: "What do you want?"
Akihito: "It'll depend on what you say, or I guess what the situation is, but for now it'll probably be threats, maybe kidnapping for ransom, and if things go south maybe throwing your body into the ocean......at least that's what I'm prepared for."
Kajou: "So you're hoping to stop the System by kidnapping or killing me, yes?"
Kagome said it would only interrupt them at best.
Kajou: "Hmm, if they lose their great genius, the research probably will stall. The System has a short attention span. It doesn't work toward any one goal or belief. It's entirely possible they'll abandon this plan entirely."
Akihito: "......short attention span?"
That's not a phrase I was expecting to hear.
Kajou: "I don't know what the Omnipotent told you, but even members like me don't fully understand the System, or its goal......assuming it even has one."
Kajou: "The System is enormous. Enormous and vague. It records, analyzes, categorizes, and forgets――The System is nothing but people and tools devoted to those purposes."
Kajou's words are also vague. They make me think of a huge, formless shadow, even fuzzier than what Kagome described.
It cannot be understood, and it cannot understand. It just keeps moving.
Like the world itself.
Kajou: "But the people in the System will take action for simple, foolish, beautiful reasons."
Kajou: "I really didn't want this experiment to end this way."
Akihito: "Wasn't this ending part of your plan, Genius?"
Kajou: "It was the committee's plan. I'm only one member."
Kajou: "Average people cannot understand a genius. The world is our oyster, but they want to wipe everything out the moment things go off-track. I can't stand those fools."
Kajou: "They just want to ostracize the abnormals. They're so obsessed with protecting themselves that they have no appreciation for the world. Oooh, such banal mediocrity!"
Akihito: "So......we are abnormals."
Kajou: "The majority see you that way. That's all."
The self-proclaimed genius puts his hands together, seemingly both happy and sad.
Kajou: "Things which cannot be processed as part of our world must be thrown out of it. If one of those things comes back, it's considered "evil.""
Kajou: "The most ordinary of all fears."
Kajou: "In this end, this is but a phenomenon. It is nothing to fear. It's been built into the fabric of reality from the beginning, and its possibility has been proven. Because it exists, it appears and builds strength."
Kajou: "The world is a graceful and generous empress. She forgives all, no matter how impolite. Truly worthy of loving."
The world is generous, and we're picky.We make everything more black and white than it really is.
Good and evil. Friend and foe. Right and wrong.We can't stand without making these illusory boundaries.
Akihito: "......"
Akihito: "In that case......"
Akihito: "Perhaps we could come to a compromise, Kajou-san?"
Izawa: "Hey, Mizuwa! You never said we'd be negotiating!!"
Benio: "A-Akihito......you don't mean!?"
They freak out, but I'll deal with them later.
Kajou: "Oh-ho, even to a genius like me, this is a surprise. Don't you hate the System and everyone in it?"
Akihito: "I do, and I'd never get sick of killing you people off."
The Illusion Plan.
People have been toying with our lives.We've been struggling, failing, and dying because of them.
There are people who got killed without doing anything wrong.There are idiots who lost sight of themselves and ran to their deaths.
Soejima and Gasai are gone too.
Kajou and the System have their reasons. No matter how justifiable or valuable they may be, they're still the ones that did this to us.
The world tramples over all sorts of things.Small things. Weak things. Unachievable things.
Kajou: "Yes, of course, that is what I thought. It's not uncommon for desire to make someone betray their own hatred, but! You don't seem like that kind of person."
If breaking stuff would put an end to this, then I'd love to simply kill everyone involved in this plan.
But I don't think it was all part of their plan.It'd be so much easier if I could blame every misfortune on them.
The world is multi-layered. Plans. Schemes. Malice. Good will.
These ironic fates are created by infinitely many human realities overlapping.
Akihito: "......we have to settle this."
We fought El-ahrairah to save Rondo.
If we didn't do that, Gasai would probably still be alive.
If the king's death brought chaos, then the clown that stabbed him is responsible for it.
Kajou: "So you'll work with the System?"
Akihito: "I haven't forgotten my debt. I will repay it."
Living and fighting are the same thing.
Despair. Resignation. Defeat. I know full well I've done this many times before, and will be struck down once again.
But so what――?
I keep chanting that foolish spell.
Right now, what I need to do―――
Is search for a way to keep as many connectors alive as possible. Not just me.
Gasai once asked me if I was satisfied with just biting its ankles.
We'll struggle, agonize, and search for a way, no matter how hard it may be.
Kajou: "Your viewpoint is quite fascinating. As long as I'm responsible for this plan, that logic succeeds. I love the world and everything in it, yourselves included."
Kajou: "But there are three problems with that argument."
Kajou: "First, the "war.""
Kajou: "Second, "Orodruin.""
Kajou: "Third, the "Omnipotent.""
He holds up three fingers.I feel a mysterious camaraderie with this supposed genius.
It takes strength to behave however one pleases.Even if you have strength, the world won't make it easy.
Kajou: "First, we can't allow this fighting to continue."
Kajou: "Second, Orodruin. This is another shining example of mediocrity. Everyone involved in the plan will be desperate to hide the evidence because they're so terrified of being discovered."
Kajou: "Orodruin is a group of connectors under our control. We've been headhunting some of the most promising coμs over the last two years."
The coμ we met at the factory must be one of them.
Kajou: "They destroy abnormals. They'll be an obstacle to our cooperation."
The other side of the looking-glass.To keep themselves alive, they destroy all other abnormals.
Kajou: "And finally, I want the Omnipotent to come back."
He smiles.
Akihito: "Kagome?"
Kajou: "The fools don't understand the value, the art, the way of life in being a genius. Why does a bird need to dragged down to the ground with everyone else?"
Kajou: "The Omnipotent won't come back because you exist. Love, affection, and youth are all very interesting. A beautiful subject. I love all beauty in this world."
Kajou: "The truth is, I love everything. People, the world, the way all things are. Their mediocrity, their foolishness, their completeness. I love them all identically, equally, and pointlessly."
Izawa: "......can I please punch him?"
Maybe we both should.
Akihito: "You want me to talk Kagome into going back to the System? Why would I ever do that?"
There's an obvious reason.
Kajou: "The Omnipotent needs maintenance and support. It's difficult to keep her stable through medicine alone."
Kajou: "Neither of us want to lose her. I've tried to persuade her, but she'll have none of it as long as you remain here."
Kajou: "Her living here is a problem for you as well."
Kajou: "Four hundred and twenty thousand action points. An enormous carrier that increases the number of connectors. It's not desirable to be around such a person."
Kajou: "If you all wish to join her, I would welcome you as honorary new members, with the usual social security and pension plans."
The fact that he's serious makes me smile. A secret society with pensions.
Izawa: "......who the hell would want to be your lap dogs?"
Kajou turns his gaze.Toward Benio. Then toward me.
He's met with rejection.
Kajou shrugs in disappointment.
The discussion is over. I search for the words to tell him that.
Akihito: "It seems wrong to thank you or to threaten you after all that."
Kajou: "Should I take that to mean you aren't foolish enough to harm a genius?"
I nod, and step aside, allowing Kajou to get back into his car.
The Professor leaves, still not acting the slightest bit like a hostage.
Kajou: "If you change your mind, do contact me. My heart is open twenty-four hours a day."
He hands me his business card.He must really think that's a generous offer.
We unsummon Babylon and leave the area in a gloomy mood. It's almost dawn.
Morning light.Where do we go now?
Izawa and Benio say nothing behind me.After what happened, our footsteps sound hollow on the street.
Izawa: "Are we going to fight those Orodruin or whatever?"
Akihito: "Probably."
I expected them to object when I suggested cooperating with the System. No one hates them more than Izawa does.
Izawa: "Oh well."
Akihito: "......what does that mean?"
I stop.
Akihito: "You aren't gonna complain about it?"
Izawa: "What? Do you think I'm some kind of bloodthirsty animal?"
You aren't?
Izawa: "......is there nothing we can do about Hinaori?"
He's not easy to read. He's not a nice man. His opinions have never matched mine. We've gotten in a fight before.
I still don't understand him, but......I know what that question means.
Akihito: "Not that I know of."
It's still dark on the far side of the river.The nighttime lights are off, and the city is silent.
I feel like something's stuck in my chest.
Izawa: "This darkness is irritating."
Benio: "Stars......"
Benio points up at a star.Not a light from the city, but actual stars we can faintly make out.
Akihito: "Izawa, what do you want to do after hearing all of that?"
Izawa: "You mean do I want to be their lap dog? Do you even have to ask?"
Akihito: "But Kajou seems like a nice guy. If we asked, he might be willing to put your whole family under protection. Not that I know for sure."
Izawa: "............"
Akihito: "You're not sure either, Benio......?"
Benio: "Uu......"
Benio goes through a lot of expressions.
Izawa: "Are you testing us?"
Akihito: "If that's how you feel, I guess it's fine. It's a personal choice."
Izawa gazes at the city. It's not his usual gaze of anger.
Izawa: "......what about you?"
Akihito: "I'm not going."
I liked them.The short periods of calm between misfortunes. Pointless time slowly building up.
Not the loneliness of being by myself.The meaningless warmth of sharing that time with others.
Pointless days. Days where nothing happened.I was sad when all that ended.
I must've liked those days a lot.
Kagome, Ayaya, Cat-senpai, my annoying classmates.We got worried about stuff, made a lot of noise, never calmed down, and had loads of little problems.
It's a fairy tale.
A fairy tale repaired by the witch.
A story that broke long ago, that already ended and died, somewhere deep in my rusty heart.
A tiny bit of magic for a stupid clown, like turning a pumpkin into a carriage.
Ever since I met her in that white castle on the hill, this has been happening over and over.
Kagome――She gave me so much, and yet......
Akihito: "We'll throw a wrench in their plans."
Akihito: "Maybe rebuild the Legion, or help the Round Table stabilize. We'll give the Coμnet the framework it needs to do better this time."
Izawa: "You think we can do that? You wanna be a politician now?"
Akihito: "Well, I probably can't do it, but we can look for someone who can......obviously I wouldn't be doing this alone."
Izawa: "And what about those women everyone wants to kill?"
Akihito: "We'll help them too."
Izawa: "Now you're just dreaming."
You said it. I'm not like a manga protagonist. Dreaming won't solve these problems.
But so what?
Akihito: "If I don't do that, I'll never be able to go back to that apartment."
Izawa: "Yes, you can. Just go."
He frowns, unamused.
Akihito: "That's not what I mean."
Akihito: "A while back, Mayuki was staying there. Every day Kagome was there, and Benio, and Mayuki......my dad wasn't, but......"
Akihito: "It was really loud and hectic, but looking back on it, it might've been fun."
Benio: "You enjoyed that too, Akihito?"
Benio smiles with affection. So it was fun for her too. Not being alone.
Looking at the world is only like looking at one corner of the landscape. There's a lot more you can't see, another world beyond it.
Wanting a little happiness always connects to a greater happiness somewhere. Protecting someone is no different from protecting a world.
Living and changing are the same thing. Even after you die, you'll eventually return to the earth. Everything changes.
If you want something not to change, you have to reject everything else in existence.
Even the gods can't stop it.
If the world could work without someone dying, it could work without anyone dying.
A king tried to make it work that way, but he died.
And yet......
Akihito: "――――"
Bluish white light.
Izawa and I look at each other.That blue line is something you can only see if you're in the coμ that created it.
An activation signal―――Proof that Babylon's been summoned.
Benio: "The others summoned it!?"
Izawa: "Why?"
Izawa groans.
Headlights rush by us.
Kajou's car suddenly stops, like a crow landing ominously. The genius pokes his head out the back window with a displeased face.
Kajou: "Things are getting bad. It looks like they're fighting near your apartment."
Akihito: "Mine!?"
Benio: "Akihito!"
Izawa: "No good, it won't connect."
Izawa tried his phone.
Akihito: "Bad reception, or another avatar blocking it――Doesn't matter which. We can't contact them."
Kajou: "I'll drive you there. What? This doesn't cost us anything."
Mayuki: "We're back."
Yoruko: "......I'm back."
Mayuki and the others come back from shopping. They each carry one paper and one plastic bag.
Rondo: "Welcome back. How were things outside?"
Haru: "Nothing was there at all. So Akihito's group still hasn't come back?"
Kagome: "――――"
Kagome makes a very difficult face, as if she's enduring a bad headache.
Kagome: "......it failed."
Kagome acts quickly. She moves as she prepares herself.
Kagome: "Maid, your car."
Haru: "Oh, what is it? This is sudden."
Kagome: "I need to go back to Akihito's room. I forgot something."
Haru: "When it's this dangerous?"
Kagome: "That's why I need it."
The researchers' medicine. She should've gone for it earlier.
She took more damage than she thought from El-ahrairah. She already took preventive measures, but the change is happening despite that.
Mayuki: "You're going back to his apartment? Then I'm coming with you."
Mayuki: "I have stuff there too."
Rondo: "Wait......"
Rondo can't bear being alone in this hotel with just Yoruko.And if Rondo goes, then Yoruko will be here alone.
As a result......they all end up going together.
Akihito's room. Kagome effortlessly disables the autolock and trespasses.
The room is tranquil, having been left alone for some time.
The night they heard about the "war" in the new heart, they all rushed out and haven't been back since.
Kagome finds a bag she left on the sofa and pulls out an unlabeled vial of pills.
It's not like her to forget these. Anyway, she needs to take one.
This medicine will stabilize her, but she'll need real maintenance at some point.
Kagome: "――Yuubana."
The sensation of goosebumps. Her sharp senses warn her.
She goes up to the window without finishing her statement.
The curtains are down. She studies the exterior while hiding behind them. Her cold eyes show no emotion.
She holds her phone in one hand, glancing at it while keeping an eye on the window.
Kagome: "Yuubana, summon Babylon! Shinomiya――"
Yoruko: "Y-yes!"
Yoruko jumps like a scolded puppy at her sharp voice.
Kagome: "Your 9R can――"
It appeared outside the window.
A bizarre red light pierces through the curtains, clearly unlike any street light.
An enormous shadow wavering eerily as it straddles the veranda.A fantastic steel beast――An avatar. A Gevaudan.
Light――The monster's fiery breath fills the fourteenth floor apartment.
Akihito: "Dammit! God dammit......!"
I try my own phone several times, but it won't work either."The number you have reached is not in service at this time. You will now be transferred to an answering machine......"
Akihito: "Izawa, Benio, any luck?"
Izawa: "No, the chibi and the maid aren't getting anything either."
Benio: "Even Rondo and Yoruko won't pick up......what's going on up there!?"
Akihito: "An accident or an attack......is everyone else at my apartment now? What the hell......hey, old man!"
Kajou: "Please hurry. We don't want to lose the Omnipotent either."
In response, his bodyguard starts driving dangerously fast.
The flames lick the whole floor in an instant. They spread across the walls, the ceiling, and the columns like a monster's tongue.
It all turns to hell in an instant. The windows are blown out by the air pressure, with hot, red wind shooting out of them.
The explosive storm of fire descends on the black dragon. It protects its whole body with a gravity field, holding the girls and charging through the flames.
It's using gravity control to reduce its own weight, but if it falls too slowly it'll be an easy target. Three shots come from a distant building. Human eyes can't follow them.
The bullets track Babylon's movements.They bounce off its shield, and the black dragon lands on the ground.
Yoruko and Rondo crawl out of its arms.
Rondo: "You......saved us."
Yoruko: "......"
The white "swords" are 9R, part of El-ahrairah.Until the white champion dies, those swords will remain intact.
Rondo almost got hit by that first attack, but 9R's shield saved her.
Rondo: "This is such a bad joke. You saved my life. You, my archenemy. Could anything more infuriating have happened?"
Rondo: "I'd rather be de――......"
She stops, just before finishing that sentence.
The fact that Iroha died to save her life is burned into her like a curse, not allowing her to be self-loathing.
The dead don't speak. They don't curse people or get angry.And yet――
A new enemy arrives.In broad daylight, with no effort to hide themselves.A moment later, the new avatar charges forward, closing the distance.
Followers of justice who blame the past. They cast shadows on the road.At least three of them.
The claws of giants. The lances of knights――
Mayuki: "――Wha――!?"
Rondo: "Hurry!"
Mayuki was so focused on controlling Babylon, she didn't move right away. Rondo pulls her hand and runs.
Rondo curses under her breath.If fighting breaks out here, she won't stand a chance.
Miss JH is still intact, but with the rest of her coμ dead, she has no idea if she can control it or not.
Two of 9R's blades float at Yoruko's side.Yoruko can control that many even by herself.
Rondo: "We won't be able to avoid these attacks much longer."
Yoruko: "Once I know how many there are―――"
Running away won't buy much time against avatars. 9R's arrows of light can pierce typical avatars in one shot, but Yoruko hesitates to counterattack.
9R has a limited number of shots. Each one can easily destroy an avatar, but once they run out, they'll be useless if another enemy appears.
Yoruko: "How many are there?"
Mayuki: "O-Haru-san!"
They run to Haru, still parked outside the apartment.Rondo's still pulling Mayuki by the hand.
Haru: "Mayu-Mayu, get in! Hurry――!"
The monsters cast shadows in the light of dawn.The avatars on the street number four......maybe five......
A large number of connectors have colluded to hunt them down.
Babylon readies itself, but two of the enemies just manage to knock it back.
Babylon only has two connectors. It may be stronger than any of these avatars on their own, but it can't beat a group this large if they work together.
Kagome: "They're coming, Yuubana――"
Before Mayuki answers, an explosion fills the tranquil neighborhood. Windows shatter all along the street.
The area instantly becomes a crimson hell. They protect themselves with the black shield, but the street and the houses are quickly destroyed.
Mayuki: "How could they...do this...in the middle of......!"
Mayuki was knocked to the ground. She almost didn't get the shield up in time. The shockwave nearly hit her.
She would've died instantly if she hadn't been close enough to Babylon.
Rondo was blown away, even though she'd been holding Mayuki's hand. She's still getting to her feet and shaking her head.
The two avatars continue attacking Babylon, perhaps trying to keep it pinned down.
Mayuki and Haru know they're trying to separate Babylon from them, but there's still nothing they can do about it.
Mayuki: "God dammit......!"
Her mouth feels like sandpaper.
Mayuki leans against a telephone pole as she crawls to her feet.
Then, an Ivanhoe appears.
Another explosion. Another wave of heat.They have an avatar with a very wide-range attack.
Kagome: "――――There's either five or six in total."
Kagome picks herself up from the rubble. A third explosion.She was lucky not to be buried by it.
Even the witch is trapped by human limitations. Just as nothing can move faster than light, and people cannot fly through the sky.
Babylon suddenly starts flailing.Scattered movements, as if it can no longer process all its information.
During that moment of inefficiency, a Pantagruel starts grappling with it.
Mayuki: "――!"
That happened because Mayuki made a mistake.Now another Ivanhoe has caught up to them.
There's a Gevaudan in front of Kagome too.
Kagome: "So thorough――"
―――They'll be killed.
The loss is more terrifying than the pain. The fear of losing oneself.
It would be easy to kill five or six avatars.
With Sting――
A manifestation of polished will.A peerless and unmatched force that will fly out if she calls it.An eternal blade. A cursed name connected to her own destruction.
If she summons it......
She already suffered immensely from the fight with Gasai.Is she at her limit? Can she handle one more fight?Eventually, it will destroy her. That much is certain.
The curse of her vanquished enemies remains. No matter how much she forgets, abandons, or ignores it, they keep piling up.
She knows better than anyone that these facts can't be changed. There is no escape. Zero remains zero no matter how many times you multiply it.
Enemies, enemies, enemies pushing forward like the tide, as revenge for fallen comrades, with anger over past wounds.
This is the past catching up with her.
Mayuki was first.The Ivanhoe that appeared near her reaches out its steel arm.
She remembers the destruction on the hill.She relives what happened on the night they met.
Akihito―――
That day, she foolishly stepped out. Even risking her life wouldn't be enough, but she had to throw something out there.
She never once looked back on that decision.
A lonely peak. The one and only black witch in the world.
As a heretic, you can either give up and destroy yourself, or live on while making the rest of the world your enemy.
She's afraid of dying, of losing, and of disappearing.It's not pain that scares her, but loss.
If that's all death is, then......But――
――――!
A flash like a firework. Something in her struggles, not wanting to die.
No matter who she must turn against.Even if it means making the whole world her enemy.
Kagome: "Come――――"
There's only one name she needs to call.
Kagome: "――――Sting!!!"
The Pantagruel is cut in half. The blade falls straight down like lightning.
Sting appears out of a gate light high in the sky, and brings judgment to all without leaving even a breeze in its wake.
Mayuki: "Kya――――――!"
Light. All things in Sting's path are cut apart without exception.
The Ivanhoe in front of Mayuki is cut in two, and each half is cut apart vertically in the next instant.
The border of death, which none can block or evade. It just flies, without any complicated tricks, robbing life from all that stand before it.
Even long-range shots are powerless before Sting. Its repulsion field does not allow any phenomenon to come into contact with it. It's theoretically impossible for anything to damage Sting.
Mayuki: "Hina...ori-san............"
The street becomes tranquil once more in the blink of an eye.Only countless deaths are left behind. Traces of battle. Fires. Destruction.
They can hear sirens and police cars in the distance.
Mayuki: "Hinaori-san......?"
There she saw――――
====================T0610：再起への過程_0603.json====================
Kajou's car reaches my apartment at a ludicrous speed.I can't think of a reason for the others to come here.
I leap out of the car, and can't believe my eyes.
The area around my apartment has been devastated.
Fire gushes out of the fourteenth floor of my apartment building.The flames reach out through broken windows, up and down to adjacent floors as they produce smoke.
Several of the nearby houses are on fire too.
Izawa: "What the hell happened......?"
Benio: "Did everyone really come out here!?"
The two of them rush forward.
A battle――If fighting did break out here......
Whoever started it didn't care how much damage they caused or who saw them cause it.
At this point, that might be normal.No one will praise you for upholding morals in this situation.
Police and firemen are already busy pushing through the crowd.The onlookers keep saying things like "Was it the terrorists again?" or "I saw the monsters!"
Akihito: "Kajou――"
I race over to the backseat window. A saddened Kajou lowers the window and leans out, as if annoyed by my angry look.
Akihito: "What happened here!?"
Kajou: "All we know is that there was a fight. It seems at least four avatars were involved, if not more."
Izawa: "What bastards would...dammit......!"
Akihito: "It doesn't matter who......!"
Where are Kagome and the others――?
I call Kagome on my phone. The call connects, but she doesn't pick up.
Benio: "Akihito, look!"
There's a phone lying beside the rubble.It's been cut almost perfectly in half, and its strap has an "Acceptor" logo.
Benio: "It's Mayuki's phone......"
Akihito: "............!"
I'm at a loss for words.
Benio: "Mayukiii! O-Haru-saaan! Yoruko-chaaaan! Rondooo! Hinaori-saaan!!"
She desperately calls out. Her voice is barely audible through the crowds.
A middle-aged officer runs over to Benio, his heavy belly shaking.
Officer: "Are you looking for someone?"
Benio: "Ah, eh, umm, my friends were here......"
Friends. The sense of loss almost brings me to my knees.
Izawa: "Hey, keep it together!"
Akihito: "――Ooph!"
A fist hits my face. He was going easy on me, but my legs were weak so I fall on my backside anyway.
Izawa: "Don't fall asleep on us. Start looking for them!"
Akihito: "It's not my fault!"
The pain in my cheek makes my mind clear up.I feel strange. Having Izawa scold me......it's almost funny.
I guess I owe him for this. I smile at his desperate look.The heat returns to my chest after being trapped by futility.
We're still alive.
There was a fight here, but Babylon wasn't destroyed.Kagome and the others must be okay.
Akihito: "Ah, I should call Yoruko and O-Haru-san......"
Call Rondo too. Call everyone while you're at it.It takes me time just to think of that. This is stupid.
Embers float away. Flames rise up. The room I'm used to living in turns to ash, along with all the memories inside.
Including that blade, still locked in the top drawer of my desk.: （There's no meaning behind death――）
Under the blue sky, I met a "death goddess" who had crossed the edge of the world. She taught me that only will and action can change the world.
Kagome still won't answer the phone.
I look down at what's left of Mayuki's phone on the ground.The cut is sharp and beautiful, like a mirror's surface.
If I put the two halves together, it'd probably look brand new, as if nothing had happened.―――Vivid, graceful, clean cuts.
But that means......
She promised not to use it again, so I shouldn't be seeing this.
―――But she's not answering her phone.
Kagome never did agree to not summon it again.
The only promise she did make was to protect me.
Akihito: "Kago............"
The phone continues ringing after switching to her voicemail.
But I don't hear that ringing through my phone. It's surprisingly close by.
I enter an alley near my apartment. The ringing gets louder.
The alley has a steep incline, and is too narrow for cars to enter.
Thick clouds gather overhead. The world turns gray, as if we're about to descend into the gloomy depths of the ocean.
The ringing is coming from up ahead.
I start running. The alley suddenly takes a sharp left, after which I can see the top of the incline.
A luridly beautiful woman stands at the top.
Akihito: "Kagome............"
I say her name.
Even though I already know the answer.Even though I know there won't be an answer.
Akihito: "Kagome."
The woman is smiling. A hollow expression in the shape of a smile.
That's probably the same smile she had on the hill five years ago, after those seven days and nights came to an end.
She mercilessly killed all manner of enemies and innocents, and became the sole survivor of the war.
She killed someone. Then someone else. Then someone else. Then another. And another. And another. And another.
Lives disappear so easily.Even the smallest blade is enough to rob a person of all they have.
Dead lives disappear, leaving nothing behind.We don't even know if they have souls.
―――I remember the red color. I've never once regretted taking that life with my own hands. But―――
Akihito: "Stop being an idiot!"
I scream.
A stampede――The fate of all connectors who kill too many avatars.
Their power increases, until they become power itself.Just a machine that keeps on killing.
Akihito: "Cut it out already......!!"
Kagome looks at me, like a machine.
I approach her with reckless anger, until I'm almost at the point where my body will freeze and I won't be able to move another step.
Anger. Sadness. Regret.A mix of those emotions races through me.
Akihito: "Who the hell would accept this!?"
But so what―――?
I've been repeatedly telling myself that.
I know reaching my hand out to people won't save them.I know I'll be defeated and struck down. I know all of that.
My chest tightens.When it comes down to it, I can't bear the pain of losing someone.
That's why I wanted to be alone.
If I never trust my heart to anyone, I won't feel any pain when I lose them.
After all, you're guaranteed to lose them eventually.We all live and die alone, and our hands never reach anyone in time.
So it's better to be alone. That's the way to live in this gentle kingdom.
Akihito: "Kago――"
The woman moves. A sudden, flowing motion.
At the same time, light falls――
A sublime blade flying soundlessly before my eyes. Sting.
Akihito: "me――――――"
So beautiful my heart could stop. An untouchable piece of metal chrome.
The floating blade turns, aiming its tip.
The enormous blade targets my body. I can't move a single step now.
Terror.The fear of death, and the fear that Kagome will go somewhere far away.
The blade inches closer.It crawls toward me, its tip sliding toward my chest―――
I can handle being killed by Kagome, but this thing isn't her.It's just a thing that's taken over her body. I can't let this――
It leaves just as suddenly as it appeared.
For no reason at all, without even a sound, Sting flies off.
Akihito: "Eh............?"
Akihito: "K-Kagome......!!"
I forget the shock and turn around. No one's there.
Akihito: "......Kago......"
The empty space is filled with tranquility, as if to tell me that Kagome has left for somewhere I can never reach.
Akihito: "Ha...haha......"
This hurts. This really, really hurts.
So many bad things have happened up until now, and we've done plenty of bad things ourselves, but......
This takes the cake.I feel like something's about to explode inside of me.I don't hear her cell phone ringing anymore.
Akihito: "Ha...hahahahahaha!"
I laugh. There's nothing else I can do.
I look for Kagome.
I look all around the apartment building.It takes me forever to give up, but there's no trace of her.
Despair slowly inches up to me.
I go back to the front of the building. I'm exhausted now.My mind and body are both weary, on the verge of collapse.
Kagome.Mayuki, Haru, Rondo, Yoruko......
Mayuki's phone was cut in half by Sting.
Akihito: "It can't be......"
Could Kagome have done that to them......?
If Sting attacked them, their odds of survival are effectively zero.
I feel like the ground is falling out from under me.I can't stand up straight now.
Kajou waits for me next to his car.
Akihito: "I saw......Kagome......"
Kajou: "Which means......we failed to retrieve the Omnipotent? This is terrible. The worst thing that could have happened. What to do now?"
Kajou looks up at the sky dramatically.I think he might actually be serious for once.
Akihito: "Is there......"
I force myself to speak, as if clinging to a last, desperate hope.
Kajou: "Currently, there is no way to cure a stampeding connector."
Kajou predicts my question and answers it.
Kajou: "I can't say it's impossible, but we've never seen it happen."
Akihito: "......that's not for you to decide."
My words are terrible hollow.
Kajou: "You'd rather hope for a miracle?"
Akihito: "......"
Dammit......
Dammit, dammit, dammit!
I'm on the verge of breaking down in tears right here.
There are no miracles. In this world, only what happens, happens."Miracle" is just a word people use when they happen to see an incredibly unlikely event actually happen.
Akihito: "What happens after they stampede?"
Kajou: "They remain active until their avatar runs out of action points. What they do depends on the connector, but it's often influenced by important memories or psychological wounds."
Akihito: "So Kagome......"
Kajou: "Maybe she'll reenact the previous "war." That would mean killing all avatars in this city. That's how the Omnipotent survived."
Kajou: "Unfortunately, that only guarantees that no one will survive this. It's such a shame."
I can't listen to any more of this.
Izawa: "Hey, Mizuwa!? Where are you going!?"
Izawa sounds like he's about to bite me, but I forget about that right away.
My thoughts keep going in circles.My legs move on their own, wandering without a purpose.I can't remember where I went.
In the end, nothing ever goes well.If I'd simply considered the possibility of someone attacking them......
I try to save someone, they end up hating me, others end up hating me, and I get in fights with my allies.
―――Kagome.
No, maybe they were after Kagome. Maybe her past caught up with her.
I should've just run away when this started.If I wasn't here, Kagome would never have had to use Sting.
The more this goes on, the more I feel like it's all my fault.
Akihito: "............"
I notice I'm in front of the station.I can't remember if I walked here, took a cab, or what......it's pathetic.
The station is still a mountain of rubble after Nomad's attack. Several places in the new heart have been burnt to the ground in the "war."
It looks like the city's filled with moth holes.
Are the others okay? Their names pass through my mind, but I have no energy to act on that.
Akihito: "Kagome......"
I call a distant name, in a weak voice.
No connector has ever recovered from a stampede.
Kajou Uehito said that.That man has studied connectors more than anyone else in the world.
He shouldn't have told me that. It's like preparing to eat cup ramen only to have someone tell you "That stuff is crap" just before you dig in.
Akihito: "What the hell am I doing......there's nothing here......"
I sit down blankly and look up at the sky.
Overhead, I see the same blue sky as usual.For some reason, I find that very strange.The sky should be burning bright red after all of this.
Akihito: "Aaah......"
I heave a pathetic sigh, like a musician despairing over his lack of talent.
I look up at the footbridge.That's where I met Kagome after coming back to this city.
Kagome: "What's wrong, Akihito? Your face looks even stupider than usual today."
I can almost hear her saying that right now. This place has crumbled, burned and fallen apart, but Kagome and I were definitely here.
I have nowhere to go.After walking around the city for a while, I hang my head in the park.
My phone rings, echoing through the empty park.
I can't imagine anyone has good news to tell me.
I consider ignoring it and wallowing in my gloom some more, but I decide I should at least check who it is.
The name "Ayaya" flashes on the LCD display. Normal life feels so far away from me that just seeing her name is nostalgic.
Akihito: "......Ayaya? Is that you?"
She replies with a long sigh of relief. We haven't spoken once since the "war" in the new heart. It's just been texts.
Ayaya: "Hooo......! Thank goodness......you are okay."
Akihito: "Nothing happened to you, right? Though I guess this is affecting everyone now......"
Ayaya: "Ayaya's perfectly fine!"
Akihito: "I see. Hearing my kouhai's voice does make me feel better."
Ayaya: "Glad to hear it~ Online it's nothing but "The terrorists are monsters!" and whatnot. There's tons of pictures now too."
Akihito: "Monsters, huh......I hope that's not true."
I really wish it was fake. If all of this was just some clever magic trick, then maybe......
Ayaya: "Human terrorists are just as scary~"
Akihito: "I guess so."
Ayaya: "They are."
An energetic voice, exactly the same as usual.I feel myself becoming hopeful again just from hearing her talk.
Akihito: "Ayaya......are you scared?"
Ayaya: "Hmm? What do you mean?"
Akihito: "You just sound so happy and normal, despite what's happening. Ah, I mean that in a good way."
Ayaya: "I am greatly honored to accept such a compliment! Yes, I am a bit scared, but that's no reason to get depressed."
Akihito: "Are you anxious?"
Ayaya: "Of course I am. But from Ayaya's point of view......"
I can hear her taking a deep breath. Then she slowly speaks into the phone, in a slightly pithy tone.
Ayaya: "What we call "normal" days are just periods of calm between one misfortune and another."
That feels like an incredible accurate statement, but hearing it from Ayaya feels weird somehow.
She always seemed like the type who'd believe the world is always filled to the brim with happiness.
Ayaya: "I'm definitely not happy right now. But everyone's going through the same thing, right? We're all suffering, like you are right now, Mizuwa-senpai."
Akihito: "......yeah, I am suffering."
Apparently she could tell just by my voice.
Ayaya: "That's why we have some "normal" periods between the bad times. We all need breaks. I think that's a kind of peace the gods gave us."
I can't see her through the cell phone, but I'm sure Ayaya's smiling calmly.
I can't help but smile with her. Ayaya's optimistic, healthy way of thinking heals me.
Akihito: "You believe in gods, Ayaya?"
Ayaya: "I've never met any, so I dunno about that, but I think they might be real. After all, there's loads of good things in the world!"
Ayaya: "As long as there's something good left in the world, I can believe good things will happen tomorrow, and it's worth giving tomorrow my all, I guess......"
Ayaya: "Ummm......that's all. Eheheheh......"
I imagine her embarrassed smile, and then smirk. There's a reason everyone calls her the healing type.
Akihito: "............that does sound nice. I might borrow that idea."
Ayaya: "Tahaha......it's not that big a deal."
Akihito: "But it's important. Things like that are important when times are tough. They really are."
I'm feeling motivated again. I stand up from the bench.
No matter how low the possibility, as long as it isn't zero, it's worth trying.
I don't even know if it is zero. No one's ever done it before, so nobody knows what the odds are.
There have been quite a few good things. Like Ayaya's phone call just now.
There might be more good things tomorrow.
So――I can keep moving.
Ayaya: "Mizuwa-senpai, once this is all over, I......"
Akihito: "Yes?"
Ayaya: "I want to see Hinaori-senpai again. She's a bit......well, she's very scary, but I want to talk to her."
Akihito: "You will."
I answer firmly, both to her and to myself.
―――I promised to protect her.
Promises are made to be broken, but no one will punish me for keeping one of them.
Ayaya: "Well, Ayaya has to go now......I'll be living in the countryside for a while."
Akihito: "You're evacuating? Take care out there."
Ayaya: "I will! You take care of yourself, Senpai!"
Her bright voice cheers me up as the call ends.
My feet were so heavy a minute ago, but now it's as if they've grown wings.
I walk forward, with no destination in sight.
The sunlight glitters on the city skyline ahead of me.
After Ayaya's call, I check my phone. I've received a bunch of messages. Apparently I was too dazed to notice any of them.
They're from――――Haru, Yoruko and Rondo.
Akihito: "So they did make it."
I sigh with relief.
I go back to the hotel. Izawa, Benio, Haru, Yoruko and Rondo are all there, safe and sound.
Benio: "We kept calling you......"
She looks sad.
Benio: "Umm, Mayu-Mayu told me...about Hinaori-san......"
So they all know what happened. At least I won't have to explain that.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, Akihito-san, Akihito-san!"
Mayuki clings to me with wet eyes.
Akihito: "You're all......okay......"
Mayuki: "Hinaori-san, she......Hi...Hinaori......! Uu......uuu, bue, hibue, eeeh, aaah, uaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Akihito: "Hey......why are you crying, Mayuki?"
I pet her back, but she shows no sign of calming down.
Haru: "Mayu-Mayu says she was in danger when Kagome-chan......"
Akihito: "Kagome protected Mayuki?"
That's so surprising, I don't know what else to say.
Yoruko: "So......"
Akihito: "I saw Kagome...after the fight was over............"
I make it clear that I know what happened to her.
Rondo: "I see......good job coming back from that."
Akihito: "You too, Rondo."
According to Mayuki......
Kagome summoned Sting and destroyed all the attackers, but it finally overwhelmed her.
――Stampede.The revenge of the dead. The fate of connectors who fight too long.
Akihito: "............I'm glad you're all okay."
Rondo: "She ran."
Akihito: "Who did?"
Rondo: "She did......Sting. She didn't attack us."
Akihito: "............"
Is that possible?
Kajou made it sound like she'd kill everything in sight.
Does this mean there's hope after all――?Or is this just a trap to lure me into even deeper despair?
We all gather in one of the rooms.
Me. Benio. Mayuki. Haru. Yoruko. Rondo. Izawa.
When you look at all of us together, it doesn't make a lot of sense.The only thing we have in common is that we all fought Nomad.But Kagome's not here.
Rondo: "We're all one big family now."
She sighs.
Haru: "I'm still not sure if that's a good or a bad thing."
Akihito: "The situation's pretty desperate, and we won't get many more chances, so I thought we should make our positions as clear as possible.""Desperate" is an understatement. We're probably closer to "doomed."
But we need to evaluate the situation one last time. I need everyone to make their choice.
Izawa: "The hell does that mean?"
Mayuki: "Where else can we go......?"
Yoruko: "............"
Akihito: "Kagome is――――"
Sting is stampeding. We knew this might happen. We knew her destruction would come someday.
Akihito: "According to Kajou, Kagome might try to attack any avatar she sees......"
Akihito: "No other avatar stands a chance of defeating Sting. If we simply want to survive, then......"
Benio: "Wait a minute......wait, you don't...mean......giving up......on Hinaori-san......?"
Benio doesn't seem to understand.
Benio: "Akihito......is that what you're saying?"
Yes. I have to be the one to say this.
Haru: "But it is an option."
Benio: "No, I......I want to save Hinaori-san......!"
Rondo: "......isn't that supposed to be impossible?"
Akihito: "Currently, there is no way to save a stampeding avatar."
Yoruko: "So......what will happen......?"
Akihito: "She'll keep going......until she runs out of action points......well, magic."
The Omnipotent. Four hundred and twenty thousand action points.It's likely she could tear apart all of Takakura City before running out.
Akihito: "Kagome will target other connectors and avatars."
Akihito: "Some of them see Rondo and Yoruko as enemies."
Haru: "Well, they have good reasons for that."
Benio: "O-Haru-san!"
Yoruko: "......"
Rondo: "......she's right, they have good reasons to kill me."
Rondo's eyes wander through the air, as if searching for something.
Iroha saved her, so she can't die. But that's not a reason for her to live.
Izawa: "At least the maid's being honest. It's better than pretending we're saints."
Izawa: "We've all made our fair share of enemies."
Mayuki: "But does it matter what position we take? We're still a coμ, and we only have one life. If we split up......"
Akihito: "If we can't come to an agreement, that might happen."
Rondo: "That's vague."
Akihito: "Kajou also offered to put us under his protection in exchange for helping him."
I explain our options one by one.
Benio: "Helping his research?"
Haru: "So we'd be lab rats?"
Izawa: "Keh! Fuck that."
Akihito: "He seems willing to give us special treatment, so it is an option."
Akihito: "If we don't like that, then we take the risky option of fighting for our survival......or we could simply leave Takakura City."
Mayuki: ".........but, my parents are here......"
Akihito: "I'm sure you could talk them into leaving now. There's no way they'd be that against it, right?"
Izawa: "You wanna run away after all this?"
He grabs me by the chest. His sharp, knife-like gaze is right in front of me.
Akihito: "You can make that decision for yourself."
The world is always dizzyingly fast. Running after it isn't enough.
Izawa: "Hey, where are you going!?"
I brush Izawa aside and walk away.
Akihito: "I'm gonna go outside for a bit."
Yoruko: "Mizuwa, what are you......?"
Isn't it obvious what I'm going to do?
Rondo: "You're a walking target out there. You guys are more famous than you think."
Akihito: "I'll wear these."
I hold up a wig and a pair of sunglasses.
I don't know if I can get there by walking, but I can't stand still right now.
We'd all be better off if there was a villain here, but this gentle kingdom won't give us any heroes or demons.
We all know we can't be saved. We're always too late.
Kagome. I can never repay all my debts to her.
What she's done for me so far. The future she's given me. The fact that she kept protecting me without saying a thing.
I want to punch her in the face, though I think she'll kill me before I manage that.
――There is no way to save a stampeding connector.
A cold reality I've heard repeated many times.The more I think about it, the more things slip through my fingers.
Malice begets more malice. Order breeds lawlessness, and organization breeds chaos. The world is always dizzyingly fast.
But so what――?
====================T0630：透理との別れ_0603.json====================
I walk, using the energy Ayaya gave me as fuel.
Akihito: "Now, what to do?"
My mind is made up.While everyone else sorts out their feelings, I want to spend the rest of today killing time somewhere else.
Akihito: "It really does feel wrong to drag them into this one......"
If we do have a chance of defeating Sting and Kagome, there's no way I can do it alone.
But even if everyone else helps me, at best our chances will rise from zero to one percent.
If there's hope, people will cling to it.Without hope, people will break.
We're foolish and helpless.
Anyone looking at this situation would realize it's hopeless. Am I really going to drag everyone else down with me?
It would feel so much better if I was alone. It's easy to die by my own hand.
All of us are alone, but we can't live by ourselves.
Akihito: "That's right......"
I remember a place I want to go. I think about getting my moped, then remember it was torn apart in the new heart.
Akihito: "Oh well."
But I remember seeing something else. I return to the hotel and rummage through the garage.
There. A bicycle. This is probably meant for the staff.
It can't hurt to use my own legs for once. That moped was convenient, but it's not great exercise.
It's locked. The Owner's key doesn't work on this, but it's just an old cable lock in the front wheel.
I look through the back office this time, and find some pliers to cut it off.
Akihito: "Now then......"
Off we go.
Akihito: "Hiii!"
I lift my jaw up. Normally I take the bus, so pedaling all the way there takes a long time.
Ayamine Academy――Brand new buildings and curricula, like any other new school. It doesn't have much history, but quite a few things have happened here.
Akihito: "Though they're all my fault."
I go to the academy.
Mayuki: 
（Before the final fight, school battle heroes tend to visit their school since it's a symbol of their daily lives. It's an effective way of making the audience share their goal of peace.）
Begone, delusion.
The school is temporarily closed after the "war" in the new heart. The back gate is open though, so there must be a few staff members here. I use that entrance.
The interior is probably guarded more heavily than usual. From the bottom of the hill, this glass building looks like a castle.
My daily life――
This is the stage where I acted out that play. Days that never changed.The today after yesterday. The tomorrow after today.An unbroken cycle of boring and peaceful days.
That was a fairy tale.This gentle kingdom is unfair, unreasonable, vague, and equal.Peace is nothing but a precious possibility.
But that fleeting fairy tale supported a part of my heart.
Hallways.
Classrooms.
More hallways.
Kururi: "Oh? Kouhai-kun. What brings you here today?"
I find a strange creature on the landing. She came to school even when most of the teachers haven't. Semimaru Kururi-senpai is impossible to predict.
Akihito: "That's my line. What are you doing here at school? You're even wearing the uniform."
Kururi: "We always wear the uniform when we come to school. You should know that."
She adjusts her glasses firmly with her right middle finger. The sunlight reflects off them in a needlessly dramatic fashion.
Kururi: "This is a new trick I learned, Aki-chan. The four-eyed chibi frog at your place taught me."
The world is falling apart around us, but the cat hasn't changed a bit.
Kururi: "What about your partner, the witch girl?"
Akihito: "......we had a fight, then she got upset and wandered off somewhere."
Kururi: "Aaah, this is no good. A womanizer like you needs to understand the maiden heart better than that, Aki-chan."
She chuckles like a villain.
Kururi: "You're not one of those typical thick-skulled protagonists."
Akihito: "Ayaya told me that only works in romantic comedies, anyway."
Kururi leans lazily out the window.
I can see the front gate. From there, a steep, windy road runs all the way down the hill. Beyond it lies a city in chaos.
The old heart. The new heart. From far away, it looks the same as before, but the fires of war are smoldering as we speak.
Kururi: "I can't really enjoy the city like this."
Akihito: "Terrorists aren't much fun. I hope this ends soon."
Kururi: "Aki-chan, just so you know, Kururi-chan is a parasite."
Akihito: "Damn parasites."
Kururi: "Be quiet."
Kururi: "I'm just saying it's good to have a bit of peace."
The storm will sweep everything away together.
Akihito: "......what are you going to do, Senpai?"
Kururi: "Avoid all the dangerous parts, and dive straight in."
Akihito: "Don't dive into this. I don't want to see anything happen to you."
Kururi: "Aki-chan, making promises or talking about the future with a girl at times like these is a super-strong death flag. Be more careful."
Senpai and I part ways. She walks away without waving goodbye, as usual. I suddenly feel sentimental.
The school is totally deserted. But it was open, so there must be someone somewhere.
The classrooms are all locked. I have no reason to try and break into them.
I check the roof. I expected that to be locked too, but it isn't.
Up there―――
???: "You look well, boy."
The death goddess leans back against the fence, beneath the high blue sky.
She looks neither bored nor amused. She just sits down and looks up at the sky to kill time.
Akihito: "......Hasekura Touri......"
Touri: "You could call me a death goddess."
It hasn't been that long, but for some reason my eyes tear up with some kind of nostalgia.
Akihito: "Eh? ......why......am I......"
The roof. A death goddess. A small knife.This nostalgia is the same feeling I experienced under that gray sky.
The day I learned that the world has no meaning and no reason, and that I can never change that.
Akihito: "Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
I scream. I dig my fingers into the fence and scream toward the courtyard.I expel all of my frustration.
Akihito: "Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!"
This is unusual. Touri smiles, as if it's funny.
Touri: "That's not like you. I thought you always tried to act like a tough guy."
The way she says that feels like it's meant to irritate me.
Akihito: "......I haven't seen you make that face before either."
The smiling death goddess.
Touri: "I'm no statue."
Akihito: "I assumed you were made out of screws and cogs."
I sit down next to Touri, leaving some space between us.
Just like when I met the death goddess on that roof all those years ago.
Touri: "How do you know machines don't have feelings? They might be sick of having to work day in, day out for you people."
I can't laugh at her jokes.
Akihito: "What are you doing out here? Surely business is booming for you right now."
Touri: "When things get like this, there's not much left for me to do."
Touri: "I only have one job left."
Akihito: "One?"
Touri: "The Omnipotent―――"
The death goddess' knife slides between my ribs, but it doesn't cut as deep as usual.
Touri: "You don't look surprised."
I had a feeling that was coming.
Akihito: "After Soejima, Kagome's next."
Touri: "No avatar can defeat the Omnipotent."
Touri: "She'll continue wreaking havoc until she either burns through all her action points, kills all other avatars, or tears down the entire city."
Touri: "So now it's my job to put an end to that. Finishing what's already over is always a death god's job."
Touri: "Though I don't know if I can win this time."
I've never heard the death goddess express uncertainty before.
For some reason, this feels like back when the hero in my favorite kid's show described the first time an enemy ever defeated him.
Akihito: "......you're usually a lot more confident than that."
In retrospect, maybe I should've talked to her a bit more.
Touri: "Magic is a collection of logic. So are avatars. If you don't know their tricks, they look supernatural, but it's not so strange once the secrets are revealed."
Touri: "No power can do everything."
Is that her farewell gift? There's a trick behind everything. No power can do everything―――
That's just as true of Sting.
Akihito: "............"
Something hits me.
Touri: "I'm not suited for this. I'm a magic hunter. I judge my own kind as a death goddess, using magic designed to kill other magicians."
The death goddess' awfully cold confession brings me back to my senses.
Akihito: "......magicians have a lot of problems too."
Touri: "Magic is just knowledge. The fruits of wisdom at the edge of the world. All we do is study and refine that knowledge. Actually using it is unusual."
Akihito: "Refining knowledge......"
Akihito: "Magicians plumb the depths of knowledge, searching for truths within and beyond the edge of the world."
Akihito: "Is that all you ever do?"
Touri: "Yes. The knowledge is passed down through bloodlines for years, decades, sometimes even centuries."
Far beyond what any normal person would experience. They must have entirely different values and reasoning.
Akihito: "Well, good luck with that."
I express my honest feelings.
Touri: "It's precious knowledge."
Akihito: "............are you also searching?"
Touri: "Yes."
Akihito: "......wanna hear a shortcut?"
Touri: "Hmm? That's a strange offer from an outsider."
Akihito: "Freely distribute all this magical knowledge online. Then people all over the world will join in the research."
Akihito: "Things that used to take a century will only take a decade."
Touri: "Such childish logic."
The steel in female form clears its throat. I smile too.
There is something childish and naive about that.The world doesn't run on nice theories like that.It's a multi-layered, complicated, and gentle kingdom.
Touri: "A long time ago, there was a man who said more or less the same thing."
Touri: "He did more than say it. He tried to become king and make his ideal a reality."
Akihito: "Become king......?"
Touri: "I killed him."
Akihito: "............"
Touri: "I destroy all enemies of the world, regardless of age, sex, or morality. Everyone who wants to change the world is an enemy of it."
Akihito: "That's a real ally of justice."
I thought she looked lonely, but that was just my imagination.
Allies of justice don't need anyone besides justice.
This cold woman would never let something like that bother her.
Touri: "So, what will you do?"
Akihito: "Look for Kagome."
My answer is already obvious.
I promised to protect her.
Touri: "Stampeding connectors cannot be saved."
Akihito: "If so, it's my job to finish this, not yours. She's mine. I'll be the one to lower her curtain."
Touri: "I kind of like that about you."
That statement has a friendly ring to it that I've never heard before. There is one small thing bothering me, and now I feel like asking about it.
Akihito: "There's one last thing I wanted to ask you."
Akihito: "A long time ago, I met a death goddess. She never did tell me her name."
Akihito: "That woman taught me how to live many years ago, when I was still a child."
Touri: "I see."
She chuckles.
Akihito: "Was that you?"
Touri: "No, it wasn't. I never met you before coming to this city."
The clear denial is oddly comforting. Now I've lost all hope of meeting her again, but somehow that gives my heart an uplifting freedom.
Akihito: "I only met her once. I only remember the way she felt. She was a lot like you."
She said she came from the edge of the world.
Akihito: "She gave me something precious, and I've held onto it all this time, but it was destroyed today along with the rest of my apartment."
Touri: "You lost your good luck charm? That's a bad omen."
Akihito: "It's fine. I don't need that anymore. Whether it's there or not, I only have one thing to do."
To fight.To resist.
As long as I'm alive, and until the very last moment.
I turn away without saying goodbye, and leave the roof.
It doesn't seem appropriate to say goodbye to a death goddess.
====================T0640：花子の正体_0603.json====================
Akihito: "I'd better head home before it gets dark......"
I stay at the academy for a while after leaving Touri. The sun has started to set, and no one is in any of the hallways or classrooms.
I'll bring Kagome back here.
――Twice, Kagome chose not to kill.
That's always bugged me.I wondered why, and that question took on a vague form.
I walk aimlessly around the empty school building.
If Kagome goes all out, Sting could exterminate every avatar in Takakura City.
Once a connector stampedes, they're fixed in the past forever.
Soejima was stuck in the carnage five years ago.Kagome's probably in the same place.
I don't understand the mechanism behind it.Maybe their hearts were trapped just like their bodies.
How many people will she kill? This war might already be worse than the one five years ago, but will Kagome kill even more?
The black witch. She said killing is easy.She said she's killed countless people in the past.
With a vacant smile on her face―――
You can dissect the world with logic, but killing someone is still sad and terrifying.
Akihito: "......"
A tranquil hallway. I remember ghost stories about people who trespass in here at night.
Akihito: "We're much scarier than any ghost."
I laugh by myself.
I pass by the nurse's office. Hana-sensei comes out.
Hanako: "Oh, it's you."
Akihito: "Hana-sensei."
Hana-sensei unlocks the office door.Inside, it's filled with boxes, as if she's about to move.
She doesn't seem to be here just to work.
Akihito: "Are you evacuating too, Hana-sensei?"
Hanako: "No......more like closing up shop."
Akihito: "Going back home?"
Hanako: "Not really home, but somewhere."
Hanako: "Hinaori-san's gone now, so there's no need for me to be here."
Hana-sensei smiles meaningfully.
Hanako: "I thought you might have figured it out by now."
There's no need to ask her what she means.
Akihito: "............oh yeah, Kagome was getting her medicine from you."
I can see similar vials on one of the shelves.
Hanako: "I'm in charge of maintaining the "Omnipotent." Yamada Hanako is a fake name."
Akihito: "I see, I see."
Yamada Hanako always sounded too fake to be a fake name, so we all believed it. There were other weird things too.
The fact that she's more like a back-alley doctor than a proper nurse.The fact that she lives in a ruined hotel all by herself.
It was all so overly suspicious, I never suspected anything.Most of all, Hana-sensei was good to me.
Hanako: "She's been in danger of stampeding for a while. I had to be here so I could inspect her and administer medicine on a daily basis. Where else could I get daily contact with her?"
Akihito: "The world's so full of lies, I can't believe anything anymore."
Hanako: "The boundary between truth and lies is pretty hard to nail down."
I don't feel mad about this deception. Hana-sensei's been taking care of Kagome. Even if it was just for research, that's still what she did.
Akihito: "Is it okay if I thank you? I appreciate everything you've done for Kagome."
Hanako: "............"
Her bangs are so long, I can't see her face, but I can tell she looks puzzled.
Hanako: "I'm part of the System. We only helped her for our own reasons. There's many things about this plan you could hate us for."
Hanako: "Are you sure you want to thank me?"
Akihito: "That's a different matter."
Will and action. They never quite match up.
Sometimes good will creates evil, and sometimes ill will brings about good.
So I'll thank her for this.
Hanako: "I guess......it was fun being here. Never a dull moment."
Akihito: "You guess?"
Hana-sensei and I stand in the lonely hallway, reflecting on past days.
Busy days, with Kagome, Ayaya, Kururi, Hana-sensei, Takahashi, and many others.
Hanako: "......come to think of it, Ayaya-kun was attacked by an avatar here at one point."
Akihito: "They were just using her to get me."
She probably knows that.
Hanako: "Someone had to reveal your identity......I think it might've been Yamate, your classmate."
Akihito: "Ummmm......"
It takes me a while to remember him. Yamate......a very ordinary guy who doesn't leave much of an impression.
Hanako: "He was a connector too."
That surprises me.
Hanako: "I think......he was after revenge."
Revenge. When you hurt someone, that creates anger.Just as caring for someone creates love and trust.
I can think of a lot of ways that might've happened.
Hanako: "Yamate-kun's partner seems to have been a childhood friend of Karasuma Tetora."
Akihito: "Karasuma......Jack the Ripper......?"
Jack the Ripper. A real monster.It's not strange that somebody, somewhere saw Karasuma Tetora as a nice person.
Akihito: "I......see."
There probably is no perfect good or perfect evil.There are too many little holes in every choice we make.Humans are always monsters from someone's point of view.
Those busy, fun days――They really were a fairy tale.
So many lies and secrets......
But I still loved that time.
Akihito: "I guess this is goodbye."
Hanako: "Yes. I've grown attached to this place, but the plan's over now, so this is goodbye."
The world we see. The world we live in. There are other kingdoms beyond those. They're mere pieces of an enormous empire.
And they're all connected.
Paradise only exists in illusions.
Time may stop in paradise, but in the outside world, the gears never stop turning.
Even if this kingdom's story comes to an end, the outside world will continue.
Hana-sensei came from outside, and now she's heading back.
Akihito: "In that case, goodbye."
Hanako: "Don't you mean "see you later?""
Akihito: "I don't know if I'll survive this."
Hanako: "I see. In that case, goodbye."
Akihito: "Yes. Goodbye, Hana-sensei."
This is surprisingly emotional.
We've helped each other out. Humans can get along pretty well when they want to, even if they come from different places.
Hanako: "I think this is when the nurse is supposed to have an h-scene."
Akihito: "Hahaha, that might be nice, but no thank you. Kagome can be incredibly jealous."
Hanako: "That's a shame."
We stick to a handshake for our farewell, though more really would be nice.
Akihito: "That's right, I wanted to ask Kajou-sensei, but maybe you know this, Hana-sensei."
Akihito: "Kagome had a chance to kill me, and a chance to kill some others in my coμ, but both times she didn't."
Hanako: "......that is amazing. A stampede is supposed to be when the connector's will gets crushed by the avatar."
Hanako: "Stampeding connectors never recover. If she's resisting it, then she hasn't disintegrated yet."
Akihito: "You think she has a chance?"
Hanako: "Her action points are definitely overpowering her will right now. No matter how superhuman she may be......it's just a numerical fact that no amount of manga-like willpower can overcome."
Hanako: "She may regain sanity for brief moments, only to be crushed again. It's like holding up a boulder with a matchstick."
Akihito: "Thank you."
Hanako: "You're going to do something stupid, aren't you?"
She smiles.
Hanako: "......Sting and Babylon both control gravity fields."
Hanako: "If any avatar can hope to fight Sting, it's Babylon."
Akihito: "That's good to know."
Hanako: "Babylon is currently the only avatar which might be able to defeat Sting. Why were you given something like that?"
Akihito: "......coincidence?"
Hanako: "......I'd choose a more romantic answer."
She doesn't tell me what she means.
Hanako: "Ah, that's right, I should give you a farewell gift."
Akihito: "What is it?"
Hanako: "Hinaori-san is in one of the ruined buildings near ground zero."
She smiles again.
Does she want me to save Kagome too? Or is this really just a gift? I can't tell.
It doesn't matter. Maybe even she doesn't know which it is.
Akihito: "......thank you."
Hanako: "Now then, I have more packing to do."
Akihito: "I'll be on my way."
Hanako: "Do your best not to die out there."
Akihito: "I'll try."
I wave goodbye and walk away without turning around.
====================T0660：道行きのこと_0603.json====================
Turns out this bike is too old for such a long trip.One of the tires goes flat shortly before I reach the hotel.
I push it the rest of the way.The metal rim clinks and clacks on the pavement.
The mountain range of buildings hides a burning sunset, on the verge of disappearing.
Just before I reach the hotel......
A car horn surprises me. I jump like a stray cat.
I've ridden in that car before.Chai Tianwen waves at me with an angelic smile from the driver's seat.
Akihito: "Owner?"
I quit my job, but this man is still "The Owner" in my mind.
Tianwen: "Glad to see you're okay."
The Owner gets out of the car. He doesn't look any different. He'd probably be fine even if the world ended.
Akihito: "......thank you for letting us use your safe house."
Just like Hana-sensei, I don't feel angry about his deception.
Everyone acts for their own reasons.It's only natural for people to value themselves over others.
Tianwen: "Don't mention it. That's nothing between you and I, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "Should I expect a trap of some kind?"
Tianwen: "It's good to be cautious."
His expression is hidden behind round glasses and a soft smile.I still can't read him.
Akihito: "I'll trust you."
――After letting us use the hotel, we're even.
The Owner said we're even, but if we add everything up, I'm sure I still owe him a ton.
Tianwen: "I'm a liar."
Tianwen: "I deceived you, Akihito-kun."
Akihito: "More like you never told me."
Tianwen: "Evil adults are very good at coming up with excuses."
A confident smile, like an actual evil adult.
Akihito: "What is it today?"
Tianwen: "I was showing Miyato-san around......and thought I should stop by and say hi."
I feel like we've gone back in time.It only happened a few days ago, but it hits me as if it's been years.
Tianwen: "You found some new friends while I was away."
Akihito: "......it's hard to live these days without joining forces."
Apparently he's checked in on the others.
We get two cans of coffee at a nearby vending machine, open them, and drink together.
Tianwen: "There was no other way."
That's what Chai Tianwen chooses to say.
Tianwen: "There are only so many seats. They're hung-up on old traditions. I wasn't allowed in any of them, so I had to make my own."
Akihito: "Sounds tough."
Tianwen: "I used many people. Japanese, Russians, Chinese, Koreans, we all used each other. I gathered my strength until I saw an opportunity."
Tianwen: "If you want something, you need power to make it happen. A mere slogan won't change anything."
His voice is a little cold and scary.
Tianwen: "So, the first time I saw you in the bar, Akihito-kun, I thought you were a bit stupid."
Akihito: "A bit stupid......? Did I really look like that?"
That's a bad sign. I need to work on my first impressions.
Tianwen: "I see people like you every so often in the new heart."
Tianwen: "You were tired and wanted to be alone, right?"
Akihito: "......yeah, a lot had happened."
Tianwen: "After you started working......I still thought you were stupid."
Akihito: "Shut up."
I start rebelling.
Tianwen: "Because you kept picking up every girl in sight."
Akihito: "......my mother died, in a really bad way. I probably wanted to make up for that."
――I remember the red color.What I lost that day still pains my heart.
Akihito: "I was tired, and I'd given up......"
I knew my hands would never reach anyone anyway.
Tianwen: "If you'd really given up, you wouldn't have kept helping people."
There used to be a hole in my heart so big I could hear wind blowing through it, but before I knew it, it wasn't there any more.
Tianwen: "You couldn't give up. You were so tired you could barely move, but you kept reaching out to people, even though you had no chance of saving them."
Akihito: "That's just because of my trauma......"
Most school battle protagonists have some of that.
Tianwen: "It's not something to take pride in or make a big deal about."
Tianwen: "Everyone has one or two tragedies in their past."
Akihito: "True."
It's impossible to know everything about a person, except yourself. 
But I'm not special. Everyone has their own reasons and circumstances.
Akihito: "Owner......Chai-san, do you have something like that too?"
Tianwen: "Yes. I have a dark past and lots of dark memories."
Tianwen: "Aaah, I was such an outcast back then."
Akihito: "I was kind of an idiot......though you can see I'm still like this."
There's a lot of contradictions. We can't get by without restricting each other.
But still――
Akihito: "......I did like it though."
I squint, reflecting on nostalgic memories.
Tianwen: "Your normal life?"
Akihito: "Not quite that."
Normal and abnormal. The line between them is vague.Our distance from typical days only decides where we are right now.
I thought it was beautiful. That tiny fairy tale about such a vague place.
Everyone's alone, but they can find solace and warmth there.
It's small, as fleeting as smoke, and it'll fly away, like a feather in the slightest breeze, but it was a very beautiful jewel.
Mayuki: "Huh? Someone's here......"
A visitor arrives at the abandoned hotel.
Benio: "Back up, it might be dangerous......"
It's not Akihito. She becomes alert and pushes Mayuki back.
Miyato: "......Benio?"
Benio: "H-huh? ......Dad......?"
Miyato Kouzou. Benio's father. They haven't spoken since they last met at Izalone, not even on the phone.
Benio: "How'd you know we were here?"
Miyato: "The Owner told me. My......your mother was worried, and asked me to contact you. It was hard to keep coming up with excuses."
Benio: "......I see."
She never told her mother what was going on.
Miyato: "Do you mind if I stay? We could have a family talk for once."
Benio: "You've never said anything like that before."
She looks around. Many faces are watching them.
Benio: "......all right. I want to ask you a few things too, Dad."
She takes a deep breath, and calms herself down.
Miyato: "I didn't know you were still in Takakura City. You said you wouldn't do anything dangerous."
Benio: "......a lot of things were still bothering me."
Miyato: "I never did act like a proper father. I can't pretend to have any authority now. But......"
Benio: "Hey, why did you and Mom......break up......?"
That's the first time Benio has ever asked.
Miyato: "......why? That's a hard question. We kept fighting, not understanding each other, we used to be in love......no, that's not right. I still do love her, and you, Benio."
Miyato: "We didn't hate each other when we broke up either. Maybe she's forgotten all about me by now......and living a new life. Women always forget, right?"
Benio: "Women forget, men remember......"
Her friend, Saho, said something like that a lot. It was probably a line from a TV drama.
Miyato: "I actually like detective shows a lot. I saw a ton of them with my parents when I was a kid. I dreamed of putting on a trenchcoat and walking along the pier with my colleagues."
He falters as he tries to get everything off his chest.
Miyato: "I was desperate in my youth. I was determined to bring justice to every baddie I could find out there. Of course, that's just a childish dream. No one can actually do that."
Miyato: "The more I studied, the more I learned how the world isn't as black and white as I used to think it was."
Miyato: "But I was still determined to change it somehow."
Miyato: "I studied, joined the police, and tried to move up the ranks."
He talks about his childhood dreams with twinkling eyes.
Benio: "I never heard any of this......about you, Dad......"
She blinks a little, slightly surprised.
Miyato: "It was hard to talk about this to you. As a father, I was never sure how I was supposed to do it."
Benio: "......was I a hard girl to talk to?"
Miyato: "You were honest, adorable, and the best daughter I could've had."
He says this so clearly that it makes Benio feel embarrassed.
Miyato: "......then I started making progress in my career, and thought I might be able to change something for the better, but that was no different."
Miyato: "The police are an enormous entity, and I was just one tiny cog. It was hard to do anything right."
Miyato: "There were people I wanted to save, but my job wouldn't let me. There were people I wanted to protect, but it was illegal to do so. There were people I couldn't forgive, but cops can't take out their anger on anyone."
Miyato: "Things like that happened many times. It always made me more desperate."
Benio: "Desperate......?"
Miyato: "I didn't want to lose."
Miyato: "I grit my teeth. I resisted the urge to cry. I thought if I made it just a little bit higher in the pecking order, I'd be able to do the right thing for once."
Miyato: "Every night I came home exhausted, I saw your sleeping face, Benio, and that gave me the strength to keep fighting the next day."
Benio: "............D-...ad......"
The image of her father gazing at her through the crack in her door almost makes her choke.
Miyato: "I got older. I gained more ties and obligations. I got smarter too, so I could see it happening. Those obligations were making me weaker."
Benio: "Weaker......?"
Miyato: "Connections are like invisible chains. When you're young, you don't have many, so you can drag them around wherever you like. When you get older, it's not as easy."
Miyato: "Everyone's connected to a lot of things. Their family, their organizations, their friends, their society, moral obligations."
Miyato: "My chains grew heavy. The people around me couldn't move as freely either. Some people couldn't focus because they were so preoccupied with their families. Others simply gave up."
Miyato: "I did make it a bit higher, but things still didn't go the way I wanted. I remained determined though, and resolved to try even harder......"
Miyato: "But at some point, I lost sight of everything else."
Benio: "Everything else?"
She repeats it, sadly.
Miyato: "Things were falling apart. I always put my family second, and got in arguments with your mother more often. I kept telling myself I just needed to try harder......"
Miyato: "But in the end, I lost everything."
Miyato: "Your mother and I split up."
Miyato: "I was so shocked, I made a stupid mistake at work, so my career hit a dead end. I don't know what I was thinking."
He laughs it off.
Benio: "............that's so stupid."
Miyato: "It really was stupid."
Benio: "Maybe I really am your daughter. I do stupid things like that all the time. I only look straight ahead, charging forward, causing trouble for everyone else......"
Benio: "Then I always get depressed afterward, so people have to come cheer me up."
Miyato: "I see."
Benio: "But, Dad......you helped the......"
Rondo Rondo was the coμ hunter. Miyato and Chai Tianwen used her.
Miyato: "Yes, we helped her. You could say we pulled the strings if you want. We used that young girl for our own ends."
Miyato: "I had to do something."
Miyato: "What I did was wrong. I don't want anyone to say it was right. I'm sure it wasn't. If it is right, I don't know what to believe in."
Benio: "Dad......"
Miyato: "After all of that, in the end......it all turned into some kind of war......I keep thinking this isn't what I wanted to do. Maybe it was all for nothing......"
Miyato: "I'm not asking you to forgive me, or to understand why I did what I did. Criticize me all you like."
Benio: "Dad......"
Benio: "Dad, umm............I...killed...someone......"
Those heavy words come out of her core.
Miyato: "..................I see."
Benio: "We've been in a lot of fights, and sometimes we destroyed other avatars."
Miyato: "As your father, I'm just glad that you're alive."
Benio: "............yeah."
Miyato: "I came here to tell you to leave this city."
Benio: "But――"
Miyato: "Please live longer than your parents."
Benio: "But what about you, Dad? ......shouldn't you evacuate too?"
Miyato: "I'm still a police officer. I've done bad things, and gotten people killed."
Miyato: "It may not be rational, but I still can't forget that I'm an officer."
Benio: "But Dad......I don't think the police can help with this. How are they supposed to arrest avatars?"
Miyato: "I can't do anything, but if the police run away, who's going to maintain order? No one would ever trust a cop that runs away when things get bad."
Miyato: "I became a detective to protect the world."
Miyato: "There's a lot I can't do, and a lot of guys I can't defeat. I've lost many, many times."
Miyato: "Maybe I will never defeat any of them. No matter how much I grind my teeth and regret it, they might still get the last laugh."
Miyato: "But......"
Miyato: "I'm still an officer."
Benio: "......sorry, Dad."
After thinking for a while, Benio decides to respond by smiling.
Benio: "I still can't run away."
Miyato: "Benio."
Benio: "I might be stupid, and this might be the wrong thing to do, but.................."
Benio: "My friends are here."
Benio: "I have friends in trouble here. I have friends suffering here."
Benio: "I have friends here who I can't help anymore......"
Benio: "Maybe I really am your daughter......"
Benio: "I want to help them, even though it might not accomplish anything."
Benio: "So I can't leave."
Miyato: "............I see."
Benio: "Besides, I'm an ally of justice."
Benio: "I have to protect this city. Saho, Kouchin, and so many other people live here, after all."
A city at war. Nothing can be done about it now. No power can stop it from falling apart.
But still......
Benio: "I want to do whatever I can."
Mayuki: "Is that Benio-san's dad?"
Haru: "Sounds like it."
They watch Benio and Miyato talk at the far end of the hallway. They can't hear what they're saying.
Mayuki: "I've never talked to my family like this, so I can't tell."
Haru: "Do you wish you were on better terms?"
Mayuki: "......I'm not sure...how to change that......"
Rondo: "Well, how did you guys become friends?"
Rondo frowns.
Mayuki: "Friends? ......I'm not sure if we are......are we?"
How do you become friends with someone? She thinks about it, but it only gets more unclear.
Mayuki: "What exactly is a friend, anyway?"
Rondo: "......what do you mean?"
It's hard to answer that question directly.
Yoruko: "......"
Rondo: "Do you have trouble hanging out with friends too?"
Yoruko: "Eh? Eh? Eeeh......!?"
She freaks out when the conversation is suddenly thrown to her.
Yoruko: "I always......had Itsuki, so......"
Haru: "Maybe we do get along well."
Haru: "Although I'm the type to never really have friends, since I do just fine without them."
Rondo: "......and yet you have a lot to say about this."
Haru: "Maybe I just want to help."
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't normally get this attached to people."
Haru: "I couldn't avoid it. The rules forced us together."
Haru: "But it doesn't feel too bad."
Haru: "What about you, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "I'm not Mayu-Mayu......"
Mayuki: "............eating with other people was nice."
Haru: "I see."
Haru: "But I don't think we need to feel any responsibility about it."
Yoruko: "Where are you going?"
Rondo stands up.
Rondo: "The phone. I remembered something I forgot."
Rondo: "Hello, is this Kimizuka-san?"
Rondo: "I'm a friend of Iroha-san. My name is Rondo......yes."
Rondo: "So the hospital told you......yes, is that so? Umm......"
Rondo: "Iroha-san passed away because she was protecting me."
Rondo: "I'm still alive because of Iroha-san. Yes......she was my friend. She was a very good friend to me......the best I've ever had......"
Haru: "Yoruko-chan, is anyone worried about you?"
Yoruko: "......not anymore......"
Haru: "I see."
Izawa: "......"
Izawa's here. He doesn't like this mood, so his body is exuding displeasure.
Haru: "Izawacchi, don't you have sisters?"
Izawa: "They left town ages ago."
He spits out the words.
Izawa: "Only for a while though. We can't trust our relatives. They're all garbage."
Haru: "Sounds like a rough life."
Izawa: "Why do you care, maid?"
Mayuki: "Ah, where are you going?"
Izawa: "Gonna wander around outside."
He can't stand this mood any longer.
Haru: "It's still bad out there. We have no way of knowing who's after us. Izawacchi, you already draw a lot of attention."
Izawa: "I'll suffocate in here."
He stands up, as if to disturb the solemn air.
Yoruko: "......what are you going to do?"
Mayuki: "Umm, you mean...me......?"
Yoruko asked Mayuki.
Izawa: "If you have a family, go back to them."
Izawa says that without turning around.
Mayuki: "......what's the point? The five of us are all in the same boat no matter what."
Izawa: "I'll make sure we don't get you killed."
Haru: "Oh my, that's unusual."
Izawa: "Hmph."
Haru: "Izawacchi, does that mean......?"
Izawa: "Of course. I'm going to settle this."
Izawa: "I owe that snake too many debts. I'm not letting her run away from me. This isn't over."
Mayuki: "You're going to go get beaten up again?"
Izawa: "I'm not losing this time. I'll win, then finish off her and Mizuwa."
Benio: "Ah, Kouchin? Yeah, it's me. Yes, I was gonna call Saho next. Eheheh, I wanted to hear your voice."
Benio: "Mmmm, well sorry I sound happy. Are you okay out there, Kouchin? Being in a new place and all."
Benio: "Yeah, yeah, you're right. Hey, when this is all over, you wanna go to another Yuuna concert?"
That night, I get a call from someone I haven't spoken to in a while.
Takatou Nanase.The healing boobs currently leading the Round Table.I suddenly imagine Kagome glaring at me.
No, I'm not going to cheat on you........................oh right, Yoruko. I feel guilty now.
When she comes home, I'll put up with whatever complaints she has.
If she just makes it home in one piece......
Akihito: "This is Mizuwa. It's been a while, Nanase-san."
Nanase: "It has......been a while, Mizuwa-kun......"
Akihito: "What is it today?"
Nanase: "Nothing......really......"
The leader of the Round Table has trouble saying even that.
Nanase: "No requests......no favors, or pretenses......nothing like that......I just wanted to talk."
Nanase: "Is that okay?"
Akihito: "It's fine by me."
We talk for a long time about meaningless stuff. I remember the long conversations I've had with Gasai on the footbridge.
We talk about the past, the present, and the future.
What we ate for dinner two days ago. TV shows we saw last week. A stray cat she found last year.
Where we walk at night. Crude rumors on the internet. People who get full of themselves when others start talking about them.
A baseball tournament coming up soon. Blogs we like to read. Impressions of Z-grade horror flicks that made us want to throw the DVD out the window.
Akihito: "Nanase-san, I've been wanting to ask you......why haven't you left Takakura City, now that it's so dangerous?"
Nanase: "Because......I'm their leader."
Nanase's not cut out for that at all.
Nanase: "I'm no good at it......not in the slightest......but......"
Nanase: "A lot of people would be in danger...if I ran away......"
Nanase: "Plus......my parents don't want to leave......and others in my coμ have friends and family here......"
Everyone's the same. Even the coμs that can't leave this city.
Everyone's connected in many ways. To family, to friends, to strangers, to society, to the world. Those connections sometimes bring joy, and sometimes misfortune or pain.
Sometimes they stop us from moving, but......
That's what people are.
People form connections, despite not being able to understand each other.
A person is made up of their connections to others, not just themselves.
Akihito: "Don't stop fighting, Leader."
Nanase: "Eh......?"
Akihito: "I'll be cheering you on."
I tell her that, then hang up the call.
Outside the window is a dark city, wrapped in the curtain of night.
The Coμnet conflict. The fighting. They won't stop overnight.
Hatred piles up and grudges solidify.Every drop of spilt blood makes us hurt each other more tomorrow.
We can only move forward one step at a time.We need a lot of time and effort to move past these things.
In which case―――
I'll give everyone that time. Me? Or us?
I'll capture Kagome, and chase away the System.
I feel motivated now.
If we can make it back in one piece, maybe it'll be worth fighting for justice for once.
Maybe not justice. I should think of a different phrase.There must be something......
Anyway, something heroic.
Benio will jump with joy.Izawa will look displeased.Mayuki will sing a theme song.
O-Haru-san......will probably join us.
I'll get Yoruko and Rondo to help out somehow. We saved their lives, so they owe us. Though I could order them to walk around in maid outfits instead.
That might be nice.
Three maids. They charge in sync toward evil.The one in front gets stepped on for some reason.
Otherwise I can't relax and laze around all day.And sometimes I'll make out with Kagome.
Ayaya will come to visit.Kururi will take action when no one's looking and investigate things.
Is that too much to ask for? We are wanted criminals now. But......
But so what―――?
That's the only spell I need to chant.
In this gentle world, that's the one piece of magic with any real meaning.
Magic made from pointless stubbornness.No matter how much I lose, fall over, get knocked down and lose......
But so what?
Let's begin this fairy tale and fight for a happy ending.
====================T0680：比奈織カゴメ01_0526.json====================
Now, let's raise the curtain.
This is not the end, but a beginning.Or maybe an intermission until the next act.I sneak outside quietly so I don't wake anyone up.
The gentle kingdom is like waves on a beach, closing in then moving away. Our days are like trying to build a sandcastle to block the incoming waves from the sea of unfairness.
We find value in futilely repeating that struggle.
It'll be daybreak soon.The ultramarine sky is being chased away by white light in the east.
Akihito: "Now, we'll get moving after dawn, so I'd better catch her before then......"
Dawn is my time limit.
Yesterday, Kagome and Sting didn't do anything. According to Hana-sensei, she hasn't fallen apart yet, so I search for a possibility like a spider's thread.
A spider's thread――A pitiful story about a thread of salvation lost because everyone kept pushing each other away to cling to it.
The gods may test us, but they won't save us.Only human hands and human intelligence can save us.
I wait for dawn. I have no chance of winning at night.
This morning will probably be my first and last chance.
When Sting goes back to five years ago, it will become a monster hunting all other connectors.
Everyone carries a monster inside them that doesn't rely on or care about anyone else.
Saints and criminals are no different. If you sift through our psyches, fantasies of ferocious appetites are what you find.
The species called desire. The cradle called happiness.The garden called despair.
You could become that monster, and live in a small room gazing out the window forever. You might even find happiness that way.
But this gentle kingdom won't allow that. Only the living don't want it, and thus they draw borders around their kingdoms.
After leaving the hotel, I stretch my back like a cat. I've been thinking all night, so I didn't get much sleep, but my mind is clear right now.
Akihito: "I guess I can't ever be a prince."
The fairy tale ends when the wicked witch is defeated.That's when everyone gets their happily ever after.
Saving the witch will only leave additional layers of anger and enmity.No applause. No cheers.
But so what?
I'll reach out, toward the pain of living, and the hell of life.
I plan on doing this alone. I don't want to drag others into this with me.
I stand vacantly on the quiet street. Izawa waits ahead of me.
Izawa: "You're late, idiot."
He squares his shoulders, just like a common street thug.
Akihito: "......now I've seen true idiocy. I thought you were just stupid, but this is hardcore."
Izawa: "People owe me a lot of debts. I'm going to collect mine from the witch. She owes me more than most."
Izawa always bites on to anything in sight.He doesn't know any other way to live.
Akihito: "At the very end, I'm walking alone with a man. So much for this life."
Izawa: "Who would want to do something that icky?"
He chuckles. In response, Benio and Mayuki rush down the stairs, almost falling over themselves with excitement.
Benio: "Waaaait! Waaaait!"
Mayuki: "Hiiiiiii, it hurts to run......"
Akihito: "......are you sure about this?"
Benio: "Yes, I'm sure. I'm an ally of justice, after all."
Benio: "I have to help my friends and protect the city."
She says this as bright as sunlight.
Akihito: "Friends? You mean me? Or Kagome?"
Benio: "Both."
Benio holds her head high, in a place where justice and evil are vague.
Mayuki: "You still talk like that without any shame. Hot-blooded characters are so retro, I don't know what to do with them."
She shrugs her shoulders with sarcasm.
Izawa: "Then go home and sleep."
Mayuki: "You're leaving me out? That's just mean, Izawa-san."
The tiny Mayuki's gaze makes Izawa back down.
Akihito: "Don't come with me just because it seems like the right thing to do. You'll regret it."
Mayuki: "I'm staying. After all, I've never......had this many friends...before......"
Akihito: "Mayuki......"
Mayuki: "Well, that is a lie."
Benio: "Uwa, that was going so well. Don't impress me without meaning it, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "You don't understand, Benio-san. An idol's job is based around manipulating people's feelings."
Mayuki the liar. She acted out a persona riddled with lies. But she's here right now, and that's a fact.
We start walking together. Yoruko follows behind us.
Akihito: "Yoruko?"
Yoruko: "I have no reason to fight anymore."
That's the main reason Yoruko won't go back to the Legion.
Yoruko became a knight not for Gasai's dreams, but for Gasai himself.And now Gasai Itsuki is gone.
Akihito: "Then why come with us?"
Yoruko: "You helped me...twice...Mizuwa...I owe you."
Mayuki: "How loyal. You must be the type easily exploited by bad men."
Yoruko doesn't back away. If that's a good enough reason for her to fight, it's much better than letting her heart die.
Akihito: "I see, good lu――......"
Yoruko: "Shut up. Go away."
I reach out, but she kicks dirt in my face.Feral puppies are really hard to handle.
Last but not least, Haru's car drives up, with Rondo in the passenger seat.
Akihito: "You could just drive us there and leave."
Haru: "No way, you won't all fit in here."
All five of us are here now. Even packed like sardines, getting all five into that car would be challenging.
Haru: "But I might as well tag along."
Benio: "O-Haru-san......"
Haru: "Don't expect much. I'm just going with the flow. O-Haru-san will run away if it gets bad."
She plays dumb as usual.
Rondo: "I probably shouldn't go."
She reminds me of a woman standing on the pier, watching a ship sail away.
Rondo: "I'll only get in the way."
Rondo's Miss JH is very hard to control alone, so going would be tantamount to suicide.
Rondo: "So feel free to pretend I'm not here."
Yoruko: "......"
Yoruko looks at her with wide open eyes, wondering why she would do that.
Rondo: "It's a matter of pride. I can't let it end like this, with you guys saving me, and nothing else."
Pointless pride. Or maybe an excuse.We pile those useless things up every day.
We collide, hurt each other, and hold grudges, but......
Haru: "Akihito, why are you going?"
Akihito: "To settle my score with Kagome."
Akihito: "I have to bring her back somehow. If that's not possible, I still owe her immensely, so I have to be the one to end this."
Izawa: "You're so old-fashioned."
Akihito: "......not nearly as much as a gangster like you."
Izawa: "Risking your life for a woman is medieval, you bastard."
He has a point. That is old-fashioned. We look at each other and smile.
We then face forward and start walking into battle, each at our own pace.
David is in a sullen mood as he gazes out the window.Suddenly, his eyes open wide.
David: "Ah――What the――!?"
Gate light appears inside the room.A construct too big for that apartment suddenly materializes.
Two steel monsters saunter forth.
How did they know――?Very few members of the Round Table know that the higher-ups meet here.
An attack? Who? How? Why――?David's thoughts are scattered.
The monsters begin killing, killing, and killing.
The bodyguards try to fight them by summoning their Ivanhoes, but the unfamiliar assailants mow them down in an instant.
David: "Aha...hahaha......ahahaha......"
Orodruin. A group of avatars under the System's control.David had heard rumors of them.
He never thought they were true, but now the proof is right in front of him.
He's sure he has no chance of winning. The enemy avatars will kill him.He considers using Fuchur, but......there he stops.
If Fuchur was destroyed, then Nanase―――
David: "......ah."
That was his final breath. David dies without summoning his avatar.
Orodruin's avatars finish off the survivors without any malice or hatred, feeling no more guilt than a child tearing an insect's wings off.
Before long, no one's moving anymore.
Ground zero.
This dead city has been deserted for a very long time.Grass grows on the exposed soil, accentuating how long it's been since this place was destroyed.
Back then, there was a mansion near ground zero, like a castle.A white princess lived there.
I explained the plan on the way here.There's not much to it, so it didn't take long.
Our enemy is the "Omnipotent"―――
Just like how the world can't outstrip light.Just like how people can't fly through the sky.
We have no chance of winning this fight. Kagome did let us escape with our lives twice already, but it'd be reckless to rely on that happening again.
This fight is lost before it even starts.We have no hope, but we're still going to fight―――Because of a promise.
――I'll protect her.
――I won't let anyone or anything take her away from me, not even Sting.
We're just outside the devastation of ground zero. Many buildings are tilted or broken apart. We step into them, and something comes to greet us.
The eternal blade, and its shining metallic chrome. The witch's sword shows itself between the buildings, like a hunter searching for prey.
We don't have time to look for a more favorable position.
Sting is stampeding.Every building in this neighborhood is within detection range for it.
Akihito: "―――――Come, Babylon!!"
The black dragon rises out of dark blue light, clearer than the blue sky overhead.
Once we start, there are no second chances.Our only hope is to finish it in a single shot.
A steel fantasy with no soul.These dead bodies rise up when bullets are loaded into it.
Five bullets.Five wills connected to the black dragon.
Sting reacts as expected to Babylon's appearance.
The sublime magic sword is an angel of judgment to weed out all avatars.It won't hesitate to slay Babylon.
The flawless blade is bloodlust incarnate as it rotates like an enormous cannon.
Mayuki: "It's coming, it's coming for us......"
She shivers. Not from excitement.
Izawa: "......how good are you at gambling?"
Akihito: "......"
I smile bitterly instead of answering.
Benio: "Everyone get ready!"
Haru: "Watch out!"
The tyrannical blade shoots straight toward us.
It's already moving five times the speed of sound.
And yet it didn't create a sonic boom when it accelerated.There's nothing but a slight vacuum where Sting passes through.
Sting is an untouchable blade created out of repulsion fields.
It can split any tree, metal, or diamond into atoms without difficulty.
When Sting advances toward its enemies――
All armor and barriers in its way are meaningless.Even the atmosphere before it gets atomized.The lonely blade advances without touching a single thing in the world.
Fierce winds form behind Sting as the air it destroyed gets replaced.
Its repulsion shield prevents anything from touching it.Its repulsion blade tears everything apart.
Its metal body has never once received a single injury.
Thus――It's physically impossible to defend against Sting.
―――It could be mistaken for light.
Human eyes can't keep up with it.A moment later, Sting is right in front of Babylon's face.
Sparks fly. The blade of rejection struggles against Babylon's black shield.
Ten points cut through the world, spewing out blackness.A pitch-black darkness that blots out all of creation.
We huddle up behind Babylon so the gravity shield can protect us.We look up at Sting as it shakes angrily.
Mayuki: "No way, we actually stopped it......!"
Sting's repulsion field comes from gravity control.The same power as Babylon.
Thus, the black dragon is the only one capable of stopping the untouchable, tyrannical blade.
That tiny shred of hope.A foolishly small possibility, only slightly better than a miracle.
Izawa: "Pay attention!"
We start our counterattack. Izawa's fighting spirit pushes Babylon forward. Its claws glint in the morning sunlight.
Sting never stops flying. It repeatedly backs up and charges again.Its movements are simple, but the speed and power is unparalleled.
Babylon takes it,deflects it,then knocks it down.
It looks like a fierce struggle, but Sting's hesitation doesn't weaken its power at all. Only the slightest of pauses against an unknown enemy.
The battle continues. The tyrannical blade has never been stopped before.
Rondo: "Mizuwa――――"
She points to a building. Long black hair flows behind a broken window on the top floor. Kagome's up there.
She runs along the ground, as fast as a shadow under the setting sun.
Akihito: "I need to go up there!"
Izawa: "Who cares!?"
Benio: "Good luck! Come back in one piece!"
Mayuki: "I wouldn't recommend death flagging him like that."
Haru: "See you later, if you survive."
The four of them see me off. I run after Kagome without hesitation as Babylon and Sting continue to clash.
Yoruko and Rondo follow behind me.
We're after Kagome. Babylon is just bait to keep Sting occupied.
The three of us will try to overpower her.Call it unfair or cowardly if you want.
The top floor of the building is dark even in broad daylight.We enter a large hall with several white pillars.
We don't need to look for her――
In the darkness stands an appallingly beautiful woman.
So far away――
Someone's dream.The scenery is all hazy and uncertain.She reaches out with curiosity, but everything slips through her fingers.
She floats across an ocean. Warm and nostalgic, but also sad and painful.It reminds her of the womb before she was born.
What is this place――?
Where am I――?
She opens her eyes, and the color of twilight fills them.
An empty, quiet classroom.She sits in her seat, her head on her desk. Had she fallen asleep?
Kagome: "......hmph, that's unusual."
She puts one elbow on the table and holds up her chin.Her eyes move toward the window.
Red.
The setting sun looks huge today.The sunlight is so bright and vivid, it hurts her eyes.How many years has it been since she looked up at a sky this calm?
The sky is always lonely.Blue brings sorrow, and white brings loneliness.Those windows connect to the edge of the world.
Why? Because on that day――
Kagome: "......that day――"
She feels like there were words she needed to remember.
Precious words like a treasure chest in the deepest part of her heart, but they simply won't come.
The pain of old, rusted wounds pierces her chest.――Pain. Pain. Pain.
There is no pain.
She should be feeling agonizing pain, but the sensation is merely a vague, weak, pulsating heat.
Kagome: "Oh well."
She should be glad there's no pain. Those little questions are buried under a sense of ease she hasn't felt in a long time.
She stares off into space in an empty classroom.Tomorrow a lot of people will come in here, and a busy day will start.
She wouldn't mind playing along with them for a while longer.
Why......?
Because ■■ was so much fun.
Kagome: "――――"
■■ was?
Kagome: "......who?"
■■.
Kagome: "......who......"
She can't remember, even though it was very important.
That person was the one precious jewel she had left.
They passed by each other on the footbridge that day, purely by coincidence.
She recognized him right away, but after seven years, it took him a while to notice that she was his childhood friend.
When she saw him tilt his head as if he'd stepped into a trap――
I thought, "Aaah, this is no good......"
He hadn't changed in the slightest.
He was still acting dry and aloof for some stupid reason, pretending to be on top of things despite being as thoughtless as a clown. He's always been an incredible idiot.
He's too indifferent to have scruples about doing what needs to be done, but he never lets himself do that. Not out of kindness, but a nauseating naivete. He really is stupid.
He was just as stupid when they first met.A little trespasser who climbed the high wall around her mansion and entered the lonely garden.
Their first meeting――She punched him, and he cried so much that it shocked her.
Kagome: "Huhu......"
She remembers that and laughs.
Not the witch's usual despising smile. A warm smile.
The kind of face that makes you want to smile back.
Yes.The witch is wise. She sees through herself just like everyone else.
She thought it was no good, and she was right.She had gone completely mad.
The feeling she had when they split up as children still laid dried up at the bottom of her heart. The slightest moisture made it rise back up again in no time.
She was surprised. It was a childish love.What part of her still felt such things?
It's hard to understand the workings of the heart.
It was love at first sight. Absurdly simplistic. Technically it wasn't at first sight, but at their reunion. She hadn't seen him for seven years though, so it's essentially the same thing.
She had her first love, lost him, then met him again seven years later, immediately falling in love again, like the script for some cheap drama.
She remembers the little hand that took her out of the garden on the hill.She remembers the little fists that swung back at her as he cried.
She remembers the cold tears in her eyes on the morning he left, and the goodbye kiss they shared.
They promised to meet again someday.
They had little chance of meeting again. Promises are made to be broken.
Time passes. People change. Princesses become witches.
Kagome: "――That's what you always......"
Kagome: "――kihito."
Kagome: "――――"
Mizuwa Akihito――
Kagome: "Why?"
Why did she forget?
There's no way she could forget him.The stupid clown who held out a hand to the witch.
And yet――
Kagome: "――Sting."
The magic sword that should be at her beck and call remains silent.
No blue gate light. Just the burning red sunlight.Something is definitely missing here.
No――It was never here to begin with. She'd just forgotten about that.
Kagome: "Sting."
An abominable name spoken like an exorcist's incantation.Even if her avatar isn't here, that name represents Kagome's will to fight.
Her cursed half, which has survived countless days and nights.An angel's sword of judgment, bound to her by indivisible chains.
The tranquil classroom feels fake. Like props on a stage. She realizes this place is lacking the human element that would make it a real classroom.
It's not simply because there are no other humans here right now. This is something entirely different. It only looks like a normal classroom.
Kagome: "You――――"
Kagome's senses have been growing more acute, finally allowing her to sense the being behind her.
A woman sits there.
Sting shakes off Babylon and rises up. It feels more threatening now, as if it's not going to go easy on us anymore.
The next attack is a blade of death surpassing sound.Izawa doesn't understand all the repulsion and gravity physics involved, but he knows they can't block this.
Izawa follows the simple, knife-shaped "legend" with his eyes, and orders the black dragon.
Izawa: "―――Babylon, roar!"
Pitch blackness rumbles deep within Babylon's now-open mouth.
Babylon's fire. A concentrated gravity field.This is also an unblockable superweapon.
A dead avatar always means dead connectors.If it is possible for them to defeat Sting and its bizarre gravity fields, it's going to involve killing Kagome.
Izawa: "Fuck that......I'm not running away from this."
Hinaori Kagome is called the witch.This ending doesn't suit her. This ending shouldn't be allowed.
That's why he joined Akihito for this stupid gamble.
Izawa: "......Takekawa, Yuubana, this is on you."
Izawa calls their names.
Benio and Mayuki are tense and shaking, while the maid remains aloof even as death stares her in the face.
Haru: "Well, we can only do this once, like losing our virginity, so let's give it our all."
Benio: "I'm not sure about that comparison......"
Mayuki: "The pervy maid remains a pervy maid at all times."
The sublime blade draws an arc in the blue sky.
Sting only has one connector, so it has to use simple movements.That's the eternal blade's one and only flaw.
Sting doesn't need precise movements anyway.It's a perfect blade that none can block or evade.The witch's judgments bring death without any extra effort.
Only Babylon's shield can stop it. There's no way to evade Sting's supersonic flight, but Babylon can stop it as long as it knows its trajectory.
As long as they know its trajectory―――
Babylon has to compute its path in the short moment before it starts flying. If it makes a single mistake, Sting's blade will run right through the dragon.
Izawa: "Here it comes."
Benio: "――――!"
As a Rogue, it's Benio's job to control the sensory information from Babylon.
If she screws up, everyone dies. The weight of responsibility makes her stomach turn inside-out. She feels like she might die just from the stress.
――It's coming.
Sting flies forward. It cuts through all things in its path. Buildings split open. Concrete breaks apart. Iron rods break apart like water.
A fang of repulsion that disappears when you touch it.All substances are equally powerless before Sting.
The gravity field deflects it. They thought it would fly back for another strike like it's been doing, but this time Sting starts rotating in place.
Haru: "――None of that, please!"
Haru the Mage takes control. Babylon uses a gravity boost to leap out of the blade's range. Sting follows at the same speed.
One hit.Two hits.Three hits.
A hurricane of stabs at point-blank range.Each time the shield deflects one, another one comes the next moment.
This isn't good. Benio's hair stands on end.
Even Sting's attacks are slower and weaker when it doesn't accelerate before each one, but this way, it gives Babylon less time to predict its next strike.
The steel blade slips through Babylon's guard, spinning like a propeller.
Benio: "――――――Gya!"
The silver saucer slices easily through the pitch-black armor, cutting its neck along with its connectors' souls.
Darkness drifts through the hall.A black woman can be seen between the white pillars.
The woman is smiling.Something in the shape of Hinaori Kagome has a hollow smile.
Akihito: "If you don't wake up soon, I'm gonna have to hit you."
She showed herself because Sting was having difficulty, and because she assumes we have no special weapons like bombs or poisonous gas.
Even if we did, it wouldn't be enough to take down the witch connected to Sting.
Still, I'm going to catch her and force her to regain her senses.
We have no surefire way to pull this off.We're just clinging to the fact that she hasn't disintegrated yet.
Akihito: "Kagomeee!"
That triggers it.
Kagome remains silent and sprints forward.Her long black hair trails behind her like a comet's tail.
She's ten meters away.
But before we realize it, she's right in front of Rondo. Her kick is like a blade.
I brought a stun gun with me, but I have no time to get it out.She has no will, but the witch's body moves on its own, focused and efficient at all times.
It was a high kick, but her leg suddenly changes direction, and she sweeps Rondo's legs out from under her. Rondo falls to the ground face-first.
Rondo: "Gyau!"
Of course, she's not holding back. Yoruko's blade comes at her from behind, but after that low kick, her body bends down and evades it.
Yoruko: "Dandelion!"
Dandelion and Fiver. Two of Yoruko's blades, each an avatar in its own right. There's no way to fight them head-on.
Kagome slides underneath Dandelion as she stands up.
Before the blades can turn back toward Kagome, she's in front of Yoruko. Steel light flashes in front of her.
The witch threw a knife as she got up.If Fiver's shield wasn't up, it would've run through Yoruko's windpipe.
Kagome's seriously trying to kill us.
―――She was there.
An illusory songstress dressed in colors and chains not of this world.An entity that guides connectors, only appearing in their eyes.She has no name, and never speaks.
Kagome doesn't know that woman.She only knows the name people use for her.
Kagome: "I've never seen you before......but you must be Girl A."
Girl A: "Yes, I am Girl A."
Kagome narrows her eyes with suspicion, not letting her surprise show.
Kagome: "......the rumors say Girl A does nothing but sing. I guess they were wrong."
Click.A hard sound, like gears failing to mesh properly.The suit covering Girl A's body comes apart.
Her bindings are undone, and her belts fly off.The loose clothing falls off her shoulders and dissolves into particles of light.
Kagome: "――――"
The classroom is a barren wasteland.A perfectly ordinary desk is its throne.It goes without saying who's sitting on it with her legs crossed.
The edge of the world is black.A mix of all colors in existence.The extreme point where that thick mixture blots out all else.
Thick black hair, darker than shadow.A woman in a school uniform resembling the night.She knows this face better than anyone.
It's Hinaori Kagome.
Exactly the same as herself. Not one hair out of place.Her doppelganger. According to legend, you die when you meet yours.
Kagome: "I see......as the core of the Takakura City avatar network, it's only natural for you to imitate me. I even told Akihito that."
Kagome: "I'm already a connector, so there's no reason for me to see Girl A......which means this place is all in my mind."
One hint lets her unravel and revive all of her memories.
She'd lost her sanity when Sting stampeded.
The stampede phenomenon, brought about by a tremendous increase in action points. Like an enormous star collapsing under its own weight, and becoming such a deep black that even light cannot escape it.
A power that's too strong will eventually turn on its own wielders.Retribution from the dead against coμs too foolish to stop fighting.
If this classroom is merely an image in her mind, and she's stuck here because of Sting's stampede――
Kagome: "Now I'm going to talk to my own shadow because I've been trapped in this dream classroom for too long?"
Girl A: "That's exactly right, me. No one is ever as special or as unusual as they like to think."
Girl A: "In the end, people can only comprehend the world from their personal viewpoint."
She remembers her mother scolded her.Her tall teacher standing in front of the blackboard.An old man she didn't know who said something as she passed him.
Time and experience to determine your own kingdom.Even dreams and wishes about what lies beyond your kingdom are merely reflections of your own world.
Girl A: "As I constructed myself, I became bound by chains without realizing it."
Kagome: "How long do you plan on talking to yourself like this?"
Girl A: "I am right to say I'm my shadow, but I am also more than that."
Girl A: "Just as this place is not strictly a figment of my imagination."
Kagome: "――It's not?"
For the first time, Kagome shows an expression of some kind.She looks around the imitation classroom with no substance.
Girl A: "This is a cage, and also a throne of salvation."
Girl A: "This is the pseudo-space created by avatars connecting to the Omnipotent――"
Girl A: "Do I remember what Kajou said?"
A being with her face sits on the desk like a teacher, as if it's her throne.
It's a strange feeling. People rarely see their own face, even though it's the one they know the best.
Girl A: "The secondary carrier. Another name given to the Omnipotent. The source of infection from the Thing."
The title of a very old sci-fi movie about an invader from another world.It was found encased in ice at the south pole, and once released it consumed, fused with, and imitated all life.
The Thing, the phenomenon that creates coμs, is named after that.It invades humans and rewrites them into connectors.Kajou gave it that name partially as a joke.
Kagome: "The root of the connection phenomenon. A meaningless name Kajou gave to a hypothetical entity that may or may not exist."
Girl A: "We do exist. The concept of the Thing is certainly real. What they desire is territory."
Kagome: "They? Am I saying the Thing has a will of its own?"
Girl A: "Don't be silly, me. It's just a metaphor. Though it may be more real than I think."
Girl A: "It can invade whether it has a will or not. Touching it and connecting to it changes people, does it not?"
Change is an invasion.
Things can invade without being alive.Viewpoints. Beliefs. Culture. Media. Technology.
Formless domains are connected every day, taking away each other's limited territory.
Girl A: "Even if there is no desire or meaning behind it, it continues to grow larger and seek greater things. That is the fundamental behavior of all organisms."
Girl A: "Everyone seeks the edge of the world. That's not because of dreams or will. It's merely a system."
Girl A: "Live. Multiply. Fill the earth. All things increase for no reason."
Girl A: "Their growth is only impaired by the limits of the environment. Sometimes it's food, sometimes it's energy, sometimes it's land, but they only stop walking when they reach one of those limits."
There is no meaning to life.
That's why people want fairy tales.Incomplete, frail human hearts can't bear being meaningless.
They can't help but search for meaning, value, and answers.
Girl A: "Even meaningless action can change the world."
Like a butterfly flapping its wings causing a hurricane on the other side of the world.
Girl A: "This place is yet another result of that."
Girl A: "We are beyond the boundaries of those changed by the Thing. This "Pyramid," this pseudo-space consists of the connections between avatars. A salvation the connectors give each other――"
Girl A: "Look."
The classroom is filled with students, even though there was no sign of them before.
All thirty-six seats are occupied.Unlike the class she knows, none of these faces are familiar.
It's probably not just this classroom.Odds are every seat in this entire school is occupied――
Kagome: "These people......"
The unfamiliar faces in those seats.The air is clear, as if everyone's waiting for class to start.Kagome and Kagome are the only ones still not seated properly.
Girl A: "Why don't I sit down?"
Kagome: "What kind of bad joke is this?"
Girl A: "One might say they're acting out salvation."
Kagome: "Salvation?"
Girl A: "Look at them closely."
Every student has a different face.Their ages are widely varied, and Kagome knows some of them.
Kagome: "You――"
She once called them friends.
On that day, Kagome and four others were connected to Sting, even though they never wanted to be.
Gigano.A coμ by that name once descended on Takakura City.
Five years ago, the first Coμnet spread out across this land.
Almost no one knows the truth about that. Like the continent that sunk into the Pacific overnight, that kingdom became an illusion.
Kagome used to be a member of Gigano. Kagome created Gigano.
When they were connected to Sting――Kagome immediately understood the danger it held.
The weak connections between them were the only rules protecting them.They had no way of knowing who would attack them or when.
Kagome did whatever was necessary.
She survived. With that as her sole objective, she led her friends, executed strategies, and built the kingdom of Gigano.
But......
Kagome was young back then. She thought she knew human malice, but she really knew nothing about it.
People can only comprehend the world from their personal viewpoint.
A shining star can't understand the feelings of a dull pebble.
Thus――She was betrayed.
On the throne of Gigano's kingdom, Kagome was stabbed by an ally she'd tried to protect.
Kagome was abandoned by the rest of her coμ.
When an individual is so overwhelming you can't ignore them, your only choices are to obey or hate them.
They couldn't endure that.
The fact that such a little girl was their king. That she was a child.That she was a woman. That she was so much better than them.They couldn't accept that.
Jealousy. Envy. Dissatisfaction. Warped feelings.A long list of tiny annoyances produced those poisons.
And then, the four of them took control of Sting from her.
Kagome was lucky to be alive at all, but she lost her avatar and was thrown out into the wild again.
Kagome had made too many enemies.Once she lost power, they all turned on her at once.
After casting Kagome aside, Gigano was also surrounded by many enemies.
If one of the traitors screwed up, and Sting got destroyed――
Even if she ran to the edge of the world, she would never be free of these invisible connections.
That was, without a doubt, terror.
Not about her own failure, but the possibility that she might die if one of the traitors screwed up somewhere far away.
A desperate situation. She had no time to lament it.She was empty-handed, with no organization, no allies, no weapons, nothing. But Kagome still fought to survive.
So she pulled the trigger.
She manipulated information so as to make coμs doubt and hate each other, prompting wars and fights to the death.
There was plenty of fuel already.It was easy to light a fire.
The young Kagome failed once more.She only wanted to kill the traitors who took Sting from her.
When Kagome regained control of Sting――The situation was already beyond repair.
Like a herd of lemmings running off a cliff.
A "war."Seven days and nights that shook Takakura City to its core.
Nobody escaped the "war."Not the people who leaped into the fray immediately. Not the people who fled in terror. Not the people who desperately tried to hold on――
The raging storm bore down on them.Hatred brings hatred, attacks bring counterattacks, and massacre brings another massacre. Hardly anyone remained sane within that whirlpool.
Kagome also had no choice but to fight, while singing a song about a beautiful, foolish hell.
Gigano had gathered all manner of hatred and terror, so with Kagome the only one left, she was ideal prey for all other coμs.
She fought to survive.
She killed.
And killed. And killed.
And killed. And killed. And killed.
Just to live,she hurt innocents, trampled on people's lives, and killed all in sight.She used any means necessary to survive without hesitation, no matter how unfair.
At dawn, on the seventh day――
Kagome was alone, after killing all the other connectors.The battle was finally over.
Kagome: "These people......"
Girl A: "The Thing's network gathered these from the connectors......I suppose in layman's terms they would be called "souls.""
Kagome: "......do such things even exist?"
Girl A: "It's just a metaphor."
Girl A: "Avatars are terminals in the Thing's network, while the humans are like nerve cells."
Girl A: "By itself, an avatar is an incomplete organism. It needs human "souls" to become complete."
Girl A: "Souls――In other words, a human's memories, their networks of synapses, their very essence――"
Kagome: "And it makes them part of the circuit."
Circuit――
Yes, even this "Girl A" is just a circuit.
She has no body.She's merely a program that appears in connectors' eyes to guide them.
And yet, why can she talk so intelligently?
She's not even a machine. Only an illusion.
But she seems almost human――――
Girl A: "Don't be so disappointed. All humans are parts of some larger circuit......no human is ever completely alone."
Kagome: "So......"
Girl A: "When an avatar is destroyed, and part of the network is lost, it tries to mitigate that loss by retrieving the connectors' "souls.""
Kagome: "――Retrieving?"
Girl A: "The lost "souls" are used to reconstruct the humans in these seats. The connectors come back to life."
Kagome: "You call these things human?"
Girl A: "A purely emotional objection. That's not like me."
Girl A: "A human's essence is but a shadow of their memories. The mind is merely sparks moving through nerve cells. How can you be sure the beings here are not human?"
Girl A: "Well, they don't have bodies, and they are supposed to be dead, so you might have a point."
Kagome: "......what happens to them?"
Girl A: "Nothing. They continue living in the circuit, as parts of the Thing."
Girl A: "Humans are always part of something larger than themselves. Does it matter whether they're inside it or outside it? Or whether they have a physical body?"
Kagome: "Is that――"
Girl A: "Yes, that is the true nature of an avatar's power. The source of Sting's four hundred twenty six thousand and seven hundred action points."
Girl A: "I can call them the "souls" of the dead connectors if I want."
Girl A: "Now, let me ask me a question. Why do I think war happens?"
Kagome: "Because we're limited."
Girl A: "That's right. That's one of the major causes."
Girl A: "Our gentle, finite world. Culture, resources, land, ideas, media, love......all worlds are limited. So fights occur when people try to take those limited things from each other."
Girl A: "And here, everything is unlimited."
Girl A: "This pseudo-space is infinite. Technically it has some limits, but it might as well be unlimited."
Girl A: "There are no fights over land. There are no bodies to get injured. There is no unjust death, old age, starvation, or illness."
Girl A: "Pleasure and pain are nothing but signals in the brain, so they can still have anything they need."
Kagome: "Little utopias like this are so last year."
Girl A: "It's not a utopia. There are wars even here. But they're far smaller than in the outside world."
Girl A: "And there are plenty of friends."
Girl A: "This is a limitless kingdom. It's possible to fulfill one's dreams and behave however one pleases without anyone complaining."
Kagome: "――Is that what the Thing wants?"
Girl A: "The Thing does not want anything. It just spreads. It always uses humans for that purpose."
Girl A: "This little, gentle utopia is like a side effect of their invasion."
Girl A: "In exchange for being used by the Thing's circuit, they can enjoy the utopia it produced. It's not a bad deal."
Girl A: "I don't need to think hard about it. I'll be here for all eternity anyway. When in Rome, do as the Romans do."
Kagome: "All eternity......"
Girl A: "I'm trapped here because Sting's stampeding, right?"
Girl A: "A stampede is when a connector's mind can no longer support the weight of their action points, and gets swallowed up by them."
Girl A: "Too much power can become poison. It's a cliche, but very true."
Girl A: "Bodies without "souls" become phenomena. Phenomena that act only on the last vestiges of their original wills."
Girl A: "I, the stampeding Omnipotent――Have gone back to that day."
Kagome: "That day......"
That day she killed and killed and killed on an altar of rubble.That day she watched the dawn break all alone――
Girl A: "That's why I'm killing. I will kill and kill and kill."
Girl A: "I will not stop until I've killed all the connectors and avatars in Takakura City."
Kill――
I see. I'm going to kill again, just like back then.
Kill.
Kill. Kill.
Kill. Kill. Kill.
Every avatar in Takakura City――――
Kagome: "――――――!"
Kagome: "Akihito!!"
====================T0681：比奈織カゴメ02_0526.json====================
The silver saucer slices easily through the pitch-black armor, cutting its neck along with its connectors' souls.
――Or so they thought.
Mayuki: "――――!"
The Priest specializes in defense.Mayuki concentrates the shield just in time.The blade groans, stopping just before the dragon's neck.
It's right in front of the enemy, but it can't touch it.Sting writhes from unprecedented shame.
Sting flies away, disappointed.It puts a lot of distance between itself and Babylon.It's going to try and break through Babylon's shield by force.
Mayuki: "......there's no way we can stop that."
Haru and Benio also have looks of despair.
They do have one trick prepared, but they can't use it until they stop Sting from moving.
Izawa: "......no choice then."
At this rate they'll die anyway, so they might as well......
Izawa: "Blast it apart, Babylon!!"
Babylon bears its fangs, roaring in the deserted street.
The pitch-black armor grates. Grates. Grates. Grates.The gravity field spreads its darkness, creating a storm of rubble and earth.The sword of judgment glares at it from outside the crumbling world.
It is―――Babylon's fire.
Babylon's strongest attack, where it shoots a ball of compressed gravity.It's physically impossible to defend against it.
But they're up against Sting.
That repulsion field rejects the world itself.Can the dragon's fangs break through it?
Even if it could, destroying Sting would mean killing Kagome.
Izawa puts all the power he can into this one shot.Babylon has never used an attack this strong before.
Flames of destruction that nothing on Earth can block.
―――But......
If this attack doesn't work, then there's nothing left that could possibly take down Sting.
Izawa: "Just tell me exactly when it's coming."
Benio doesn't know what to say. There's no time to complain.Sting's repulsion field changes.
Sting aims at Babylon's core. A blade that cannot be blocked or evaded, like the deus ex machina at the end of a play.
――It's coming.
Benio: "Izawa!"
―――Don't......
―――Don't die this easily, snake!!
Izawa: "―――Take this!!!"
Babylon shoots.
Babylon's fire.A black flame of concentrated gravity.The pitch-black arrow races forward.
Sting flies.
A flawless blade moving at ten times the speed of sound.An unprecedented and peerless tyrant.
The sublime blade is like light.By the time they see it flash, Babylon's fire is already intercepting its path.
The two trajectories collide in midair.
The air roars as the two gravity fields compete.Sand and dust are blasted away.The valley of ruins trembles.
Izawa glares at the storm. He's not expecting this to end it, but he's hoping this will do something―――
After using all the power they have......
Sting still inches forward.
The metallic chrome blade cuts through even the black fire, and flies toward the dragon's heart.
But Sting lost most of its speed in the process.
At that moment......
Izawa: "――――Don't miss it, Babylon!"
The dragon's fangs bite into the blade's tip.They touch Sting's steel body.
After fighting with Babylon's fire, it temporarily lost its repulsion field.
This is the first time the tyrant has ever allowed an enemy to touch it.
The best and only chance Babylon will ever get.
Izawa: "Don't let go, even if it――!!"
Sting stops. Has it given up――?
That naive hope quickly changes to despair.
Before Babylon's fangs can dig into it, the repulsion field comes back from the blade's mirror-like surface.
The repulsion field shoves Babylon's fangs away.Nothing holds it down anymore.
Thus――The fools who courted the tyrant's disfavor shall be executed――
The sword is released.Gravitational acceleration from a concentrated repulsion field.It reaches 900 m/s in a space of only thirty centimeters.
This time, an unavoidable, unblockable flash of judgment......
Cuts off the right half of Babylon's head.
She kicks over her desk and runs for the exit.The untouchable doors and windows of the classroom all close at once.
She hits them. She punches the door hard enough to break her fist, but it doesn't even quiver.
So she does it again. And again. She keeps punching as if going mad.
I'm...going to...kill Akihito――――
That's right――How could I forget something so important?
Kagome: "You idiot――!"
Sting is stampeding. An unprecedented and unmatched extreme of four hundred twenty six thousand and seven hundred action points.
And yet......
Even after all this, that idiot is clinging to an impossible dream.
She keeps hitting and hitting, but she can't get out. Normally her fists would be broken by now, but there isn't even a mark on them.
Kagome: "Where's the――"
Girl A: "Stampeding connectors never recover. I know that better than anyone, after working with Kajou."
Kagome: "――――"
Girl A: "That is a logical fact. No will, passion, or faith can change it."
Girl A: "I can't go anywhere."
Girl A: "Living here isn't that bad anyway."
Girl A: "Aaah, I'm lonely, aren't I? Don't worry about that."
Girl A: "Akihito will be coming here soon."
Girl A: "――――I'm already fighting Babylon."
Kagome aimed for her forehead without hesitation, using more than enough speed and force to break a human body.
Girl A floats down out of the way, like a feather in the wind.
Kagome: "――――Then stop "me.""
She brushes off the top of a new desk with her hand.The tyrant gracefully takes up position on her new throne.
Girl A: "I know better than anyone that it's impossible."
Girl A's words suddenly end. Like a foolish child who's stopped trying to fly. She narrows her eyes ever so slightly.
Kagome: "Why does that matter?"
No doubt. No hesitation. If she can't do it, she can't save him, so――
What's impossible is impossible――Nothing can go faster than light. People cannot fly.
She knows that perfectly well. Why did she say something so stupid?She can't help but smile.
Girl A: "I'm so foolish."
Girl A stands up from her desk throne. Her ridiculing smile holds no anger. She only looks down on herself challenging the impossible.
Kagome: "――――"
This is a pseudo-world created by avatars.Not one bit of reality can ever set foot in here.
So she sharpens her will. To fight. To defeat. To kill.
To do that, she needs a strong image.
A name and form with the power to cut the enemy before her, that she can materialize even in this unreal place.
Thus――
When she needs to fight, there really is only one name for Kagome to call.
It may be a cursed, abominable name, but she's forever connected to it.Her irreplaceable other half――
Kagome: "Come――"
Girl A: "――Come.": 
　　　　　　""Sting――――――!!!""
Two blades pierce the sky.
There's supposed to be only one Omnipotent.Wings of judgment forged by countless deaths float behind the backs of both Kagomes, like mirror images of each other.
Like the rest of this world, the blades are mere imitations of the real thing, but the will and bloodlust within them is real. Their speed and power is also on par with the real Sting.
The Stings fly faster than human eyes can track, colliding in midair a moment later, and scattering sparks that shouldn't exist.
Invincible lances that penetrate all defenses, and invincible shields that neutralize all attacks. They're exactly the same, so there's no way for either to win.
The woman sneers.
The two blades cut each other down.
Girl A: "I'm surprised. I actually killed me――"
The woman has been cut diagonally in half. She looks slightly dissatisfied.
Kagome: "How――――?"
Kagome runs a finger along the wound she inflicted on her mirror image.
Girl A: "So, what will I do? I can't go anywhere."
There is a way. This mirror image told her how.
Stampedes happen when the weight of action points overwhelms you――Those action points are the "souls" of connectors destroyed by Sting――
Kagome: "I'll kill them one more time."
Such a foolish and sinful choice.She's trapped here because she killed them, and to escape she's going to kill them again. She'll kill dozens, maybe hundreds before making her escape.
An isolated, stable castle. When you're alone in it, you never hear anything but your own voice echoing.
This entire world is a dream in her mind. The humans here are no different.
People cannot live without fairy tales.
They devour a thousand stories, swallow ten thousand more, and build illusory castles in the barren wasteland of our gentle world.
Even the jewel called love is just a fairy tale. Some people revere it, but there's never any guarantee it'll still be here tomorrow.
And yet......
Girl A: "I should have just learned how impossible it is to defeat 426,700 action points."
Kagome: "I'll kill them."
Why does it hurt her chest so much?
Humans have reached it.
They've reached an age where even their own hearts have been taken apart into nerve signals and chemical reactions. All the fairy tales fall down, one by one.
Despite that,they still want someone.They desire someone.
Even when they know they can't have them.
Even when they know it's only a momentary illusion, that it's no different from dreaming.
They still remember the warmth on their skin. The touch of the other's lips.
Girl A: "Very well, me."
Girl A: "If I wish for freedom, then feel free to try killing all 426,700 action points of the Omnipotent with that steel blade."
The stage changes.The backdrop of the classroom falls away, replaced by a large, barren wasteland with dry wind blowing through it.
The ruins where everything ended. Or perhaps began.
The cursed land called "ground zero." This is a fitting place for a final fight.
The land is filled with writhing monsters as far as the eye can see, like a great wall built by an ancient kingdom to protect its territory.
The wills behind those 426,700 actions points given form.Avatars that once lived in this land and were destroyed by her.
Even the witch must feel despair in this situation.At a glance she can see at least a hundred or so.
Ivanhoes, Georgioses, Gevaudans......all of powerful magical steel.
Kagome: "Sting!"
She sends her blade into those enemies without hesitation.
The tragedy that once devastated Takakura City. The sight of destruction she caused has been burned into her as a sin and a punishment.
That's where she left it.
The world. Other people.Because those exist, everyone struggles and agonizes.We all suffer in the same darkness.
Thus, she stopped looking back on it.She rejected the world, denied others, and donned the armor of solitude.She chose to rule from a lonely throne.
―――She became a witch.
Did she do that out of regret?
―――An unprecedented and peerless tyrant.The witch has been fighting it with a will that nearly surpasses her human vessel. Her primary weapon was solitude.
Never looking back on anything. Never giving in to anyone.Like a pure crystal formed by eradicating all impurities, she forced herself to endure that perfect entity.
――――Thus, she falls into ruin.
People become fragile when they gain things.Because people fear losing those things.
All things are relative. Happiness and misfortune are yin and yang.
Tyrants are killed not by daggers, but by poison.A drop of poison called Mizuwa Akihito.
Kagome: "Sting―――!"
In the middle of the swarm of monsters marching toward her, the steel blade races out countless times without pause.
It's already flown a few dozen times. She deflects, evades, and blocks fangs and claws larger than her body, racing through them like a storm.
With each flash of the magic sword, more of the avatars in her way fall.
A Burroughs. A Georgios. An Ivanhoe.They're torn apart, cut in two, and skewered.
The lonely mind that has been resisting the Omnipotent all this time.The blade it manifests is strong and unparalleled.It judges all who stand in its way.
But there's still no end.A hundred more? Three hundred more?Every avatar Sting ever "retrieved" is here.
The 426,700 action points referred to as "the Omnipotent" are her enemy here.
She is fighting alone against the entire world.
She has no chance of winning. Just like how the world can't outstrip light.Just like how people can't fly through the sky.
The beasts close in like storm clouds.If even a single attack reaches her, she'll die.
Her body can't take any damage in this space, so the result would be losing her mind. It would still be equivalent to death.
Plus, the steel beasts' fangs aren't her only enemies.
As the secondary carrier, Hinaori Kagome is at the core of the Thing's network in Takakura City.
Kagome is connected to everything here.All of its information flows through her.――Including their pain.
The blade she shot into Girl A earlier sent the same force and pain through her as well.
Cutting through this army will destroy Kagome in the process.
Since she has no body, the pain reaches her mind far more directly.
Intense pain that cannot be hidden by going numb or getting used to it.A normal person would go mad and die after just one shock, but she repeats it dozens, hundreds of times.
With each cut and each kill, Hinaori Kagome kills a piece of herself.The more she kills, the more of herself dies.
And yet――
Kagome: "Sting――――"
The steel flash cuts through the void.Just one moment, with no fear and no rest.
Is she hiding the pain somehow――?Or――
――There is pain.
Kagome puts her right foot forward.That one step makes her feel pain as if all her nerves are being torn out.
It's so unbearable even the word "pain" seems insufficient.
An arm flies off. An eye gouged out. An ear torn off. A finger cut off.A blade through her lungs, twisting as it goes clean through her.She feels like vomiting up all of her organs.
――But she keeps moving forward.
She kills. She kills. She kills more. Each kill kills her.She keeps living while dying. Her mind grows distant.
Kagome: "――――Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
She screams like an animal and stands her ground.If she lost consciousness, she'd be released from the pain.
But then it would end. Defeat awaits her.
She can't let that happen――――
She bites her lips.They're bleeding, but right now that pain is like a mosquito bite.The ferrous taste of blood in her mouth slightly invigorates her mind.
One step. One more step.Toward a boundary she's not allowed to cross.
Her movement is as slow as a toddler, but she continues inching forward.
She staggers.It's like burning stakes are being driven into her flesh every few minutes. They make her brain misfire.
Pure pain invades her nerves, devours her mind, and destroys her body.As strong as Kagome's mind is, even she can't endure this.
Let go, and it will all――
But she keeps moving forward.She can't feel her right arm anymore. It won't move at all and feels like lead, but it keeps sending her pain at regular intervals.
Despite all of that, Kagome smiles with delight.The pain of hell itself surrounds her, but as long as this pain exists――
She knows she's alive.And if she's alive, she can fight.
Kagome: "――――――!"
She can't speak, but she screams anyway.
Sting.The name of that magical steel which binds and curses her.It slays dragons, cuts up knights, and tears giant beasts apart.
She has no chance――Not one in a million. Not even one in a trillion.It's so obvious, but she doesn't seem to notice.
All the beings she destroyed with her own hands.All the sins carved into her body.
She kills. She kills. She kills. She kills them again.A second time. In order for her to live.
Girl A: "What will you do if you survive? Who will forgive you?"
Girl A: "Would the world allow you to exist, witch?"
That's a complete, undeniable truth.The world won't forgive her. No one will.What awaits her is only......
The fate of a true witch.No matter how long it takes, a witch can only wait for execution.The heretics will always be sentenced in time.
Kagome: "――――So what?"
She answers with a smile, as if she genuinely couldn't care less.
Even if she does die――
......no.Death has no meaning. Only the living tell stories about the dead.
Her defeat will come someday.Everyone is fated to end someday, from the moment they're born.Life is but the process leading up to that inescapable conclusion.
And that's exactly why we live.
She struggles――
Kagome: "Ah――――――"
And struggles――
Kagome: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa――――!"
And struggles――
Kagome: "――――――――――Sting!!"
She continues challenging meaningless death.
She kills all who stand before her.She kills at the speed of thought, even faster than will.
She kills them a second time.If that's not enough, she'll do it a third or a fourth time.
The magic sword groans as it turns to lightning.
Kagome: "――――!?"
A Georgios literally catches that blade in its metal jaw.
Sting was only still for an instant, but that was enough for the crowd of avatars.
Shockwaves and heat blow her away. The thread she'd been clinging to snaps, and her desperately enduring mind suddenly reaches its limit.
Her consciousness fades into an eternal, relaxing sleep opening up at her feet.
This time, she has no way of stopping it――
I'm still alive. Babylon can still fight.
The tyrant's blade does not miss――
Izawa took control and made Babylon twist its neck at the last moment. That's the only reason the sword of death didn't finish us right then and there.
But that only buys us a few seconds.Izawa can't deal with Sting's next attack. 
Izawa: "――――!!"
Sting flashes above their heads, and Izawa feels death and despair coming for real this time――
Mayuki: "Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
Mayuki screams. A lonely girl who always tells lies.If she can't run, then she has to fight.
She's determined not to die.The black dragon roars in response to her scream.
But Babylon lost thirty percent of its strength from that attack.A physical reality that no amount of fairy tale willpower can make up for.
Sting is still piercing through Babylon's head.The atmosphere around it grates.
The black shield does everything it can.It's a very thin barrier now, but it's stopping Sting from finishing them off.
If it rotates, Babylon will be cut in two.This time the judgment of death awaits them.The rules of destruction that bind all connectors.
Izawa: "You guys............"
They're still fighting.
Mayuki.
Benio.
Haru.
It's not just him. Not a single person has given up yet.
Izawa: "――――――"
Beyond the hellish scenery lies a dawning city.The sky turns purple as the sun prepares to rise, so bright it hurts his eyes.
This gentle kingdom.Death. Defeat. Impedance. Usurpation. Destruction.All of those things are promised to us from the beginning.
I hold just one magic spell in my chest.
―――But so what?
Izawa: "――――On my signal, turn off all the gravity control."
Everyone stops breathing at the same time.Gravity control improves all of Babylon's functionality.
Its mobility surpasses most large avatars, and its strength is overwhelming in melee combat, but only because of gravity boosts.
If all of its connectors abandoned gravity control entirely, Babylon would be a completely average avatar.
And they're up against Sting. The gravity shield is the one and only way to defend against the untouchable blade――
No ordinary avatar can even hope to survive one flash of that silver blade. What he's saying is tantamount to death.
Can anyone risk their life on that?
It's a one-in-a-million shot. If anyone hesitates, it won't work.
And there's no time to debate it――
Trust? Mutual self-interest? Something else?What do they need to make this work?
Sting's blade pushes closer. They have only a few seconds left.
There's no time to wait for answers or check how willing they are.It's time to place their bets.
Izawa: "Now!!"
Like a prayer.
There is no god here. They aren't praying to some unknown being up in heaven that nobody's ever seen――
The black shield vanishes.
Mayuki: "――――"
Benio: "――――"
Haru: "――――"
All of Babylon's functions shut down their gravity enhancements.
Izawa: "―――Babylon!!"
The pitch-black dragon threw away its shield, armor, and sword.It's a naked king. For a moment, the sudden loss of resistance makes Sting's body slide forward unintentionally.
The blade was aiming for its neck, but its direction has changed for a moment.
The steel blade quickly corrects itself and starts rotating toward Babylon――
But just in time, Babylon's half-destroyed mouth clamps down on the center of Sting's body.
Even its fangs are rejected by the repulsion shield.They aren't even allowed to make a scratch.
Black gravity swirls in that dragon's mouth.
Izawa: "Take―――"
This is what they gained by abandoning all other gravity control.Babylon's fire can now be formed on short notice.
But they already know from the previous attack that the black fire can't break through Sting's barrier.
Izawa: "――――this!!"
The dragon breathes fire.
As if to say it's futile, Sting's repulsion field groans.That power rejects the world, and cuts the world apart.
The tyrannical sword of 426,700 action points, reigning over all other avatars as the most powerful in history.
The result is exactly the same as before.The black fire is torn apart, and Sting is unscathed.
The dragon only has a few seconds left to live.
It starts rotating, using Babylon's fangs as its pivot. That's all it needs to do for the rest of Babylon's head to come off, destroying the five traitors.
It wouldn't take much strength, but Sting puts more power behind it than all of its previous attacks. It resumes its final rotation――
――――At least, it tries to――――
Sting doesn't move.
The repulsion field rages, as if flustered and impatient.
The nearby rubble is blown away, and buildings are torn apart.The raging winds knock Babylon's coμ away too.
But Sting can't move. It hasn't been able to rotate even one millimeter.
Izawa: "I've......got you......!"
He crawls out from under the rubble.
Babylon's fire destroyed the blade's shield for only a moment, but long enough for its fangs to touch it.
They failed to do this before, but this time they didn't miss.
Sting has no idea why it can't move.
It's because the wills of other connectors are interfering with it.
Sting and Babylon are connected.They're both avatars, so at their core they share something in common.
Plus, they melded during the fight with El-ahrairah.That connection still lingers.
When they touch each other directly, Sting and Babylon can be controlled like one single avatar. Sting allows itself to be controlled.
Benio: "――――――"
Voiceless screams.The monster of 426,700 action points cannot be tamed by human hands.
All four of them together could barely hold it in place.And that's only until their minds are crushed.
Part of Sting's blade unfurls.What looks like a steel blade is really a series of thin ribbons.
Sting as a whole can't move, so it'll use the parts of itself that can move.
The blades expand out like a flower, fluttering and cutting through the wind. They tear into the defenseless dragon. It still can't move.
Sting changes its target. It goes after the human connectors below.
The blades fly.
Miss Jh comes down from above.
Rondo was been watching from a nearby building.She summoned her avatar and moved it directly above Sting.
But the magic sword's repulsion field would've erased her on contact.She couldn't even defend them against it.
Now Miss Jh holds up its arms like lances.Its power is passing through substance.
Normally, Sting could defend against that.It's not possible to get close to Sting, much less touch it.Everything about Sting defies common sense.
But Miss Jh's arms pierce the ribbons at their root.They pass clean through the invincible repulsion field.
An explosion. Rondo's avatar wounds the legend, even as the blades tear it apart in response.
Rondo follows her. Yoruko's blades fly forth like hammers of war.
The witch dances through the gaps between them, her black hair flowing in graceful arcs. Being outnumbered doesn't seem to matter for her.
Rondo and Yoruko are beaten down.As I'm distracted, she appears in front of me too.How many times has she knocked me down like this? Three? Maybe four?
Outside, Sting pierces Babylon. Have they lost――?
I'm not dead yet. Babylon's still alive.It still bites into the steel blade.It struggles and writhes until it's truly beaten.
They're probably going to make the final gamble now.
If this fails, we die.If it goes well, we'll have a slight chance at best.
Akihito: "Rondo! Yoruko! That way――!"
Yoruko: "But......"
I shout toward Babylon, but Yoruko hesitates.
Can I fight Kagome alone? Of course not. No way in hell. But......
Akihito: "Don't worry about me! I'll knock some sense into her!"
We came at her together, but couldn't overpower her.In that case, there's only one trick left.
Yoruko hesitates, but obeys.
Her blades fly to distract Kagome.That gives Rondo and Yoruko the time to get outside.
Kagome: "――――"
She charges forward blindly. She may be able to evade these avatars, but doing that must create an opening somewhere.
I'm already battered and bruised.I grab the back of Kagome's neck, almost like clinging to her.
A moment before I can pull her close, the witch backs away with magical timing, throwing me off balance. She follows up with a kick.
――I knew you'd do that.
This is a remnant of Kagome.It can't stay still or move forward.It can only use the reflexes drilled into it.
As Kagome's leg rises, I grab her other leg. Pulling on it makes her lose balance, and we both tumble to the ground.
I won't get another chance like this.
I use all my strength.I slam my head into hers.My forehead hurts. So does hers.
Kagome cowers. She has no will, but she still feels pain.
My only chance of winning is relying on raw strength.That's the only advantage I have against her.
Two hits. Three hits.I don't stop. If I do, she'll counterattack and I'll be done for.
Akihito: "Come on already――"
It's shameful. It's ugly. It's embarrassing.
Akihito: "Wake the hell up――!"
What will happen when she does?It's like propping up a boulder with a matchstick.If she asks for death, what then?
Wouldn't it be better to let her die without knowing anything?
I keep pounding my head against hers.
Kagome grabs my right hand.
A dull sound. She broke my finger.
But so what? I feel dizzy. I feel nauseous.The pain's almost making me faint. I'm on the verge of crying.Of breaking. Of fainting.
Akihito: "Aaraaaaaraaa!"
How many times have I hit her now? She tries to block my head with her arms, but I push them aside. Wasn't I a feminist?
Despite that, I keep pounding desperately.
Even Kagome's human.She can endure pain, but she must be taking damage. So......
So, before I break......: （――What happened to the witch?）: （What happened?）: （Did they kill her?）: （Who knows? It doesn't say here.）: （It'd be sad if she died.）
A story from when they were young.
People need fairy tales.Everyone needs some kind of support, though it takes many forms.
Beliefs. Dreams. Desires. Hopes. Friendship.
All of them are meaningless when you're alone.You can't create any of them by yourself.
But being connected to others doesn't always bring good things.
Hatred. Conflict. Misunderstanding. Friction. Calamity.It brings more problems than benefits.
The world is gentle. All tragedies and comedies are equal on its stage.
That day――That redness enveloped me, and I learned those fairy tales were horror shows.
I chose revenge.I couldn't move forward without it.I couldn't live with myself otherwise.
So I took up that blade.
From that, I gained a little bit of satisfaction and paid a foolish price.
Woman: （―――You murderer.）
The dead don't laugh, get mad, lament, or curse anyone.After my mother bled out and turned cold, I learned there is no meaning to life once it's taken away.
Nothing bears fruit unless you live to see it.Even if you choose to escape despair through death, there's no paradise waiting for you, only a meaningless descent.
The dead are merely ridiculed.
The dead only have meaning when living people give it to them.Only the living can dig fairy tales out of those who preceded them.
Stories that let them believe in heroes, monsters, and witches.
It's unsightly. It's ugly. It's painful.But only by living, living, living, and living to the bitter end does life become worthwhile.
That's why――
At the very end, with all my body and soul――I slam my head into her.
I can't move anymore. That's everything I had in me. Nothing's left.
I did all I could――I tried to satisfy myself.
One more hit.I struggle to the end, so that at the last moment I can die shamefully.
I keep repeating just one spell.
―――But so what?
As long as my body moves, as long as one last scrap of heat is left in it......It's too early to despair.
I resist. I struggle. I fight. One more hit.
Akihito: "......!"
My voice went hoarse a while ago.
Kagome: "Ga――――"
She manages to stay upright, but not out of endurance.Hinaori Kagome had given up at that moment.She was about to let her body fall to the ground and rest.
She heard a voice.
A voice repeating that spell so much it's embarrassing.
―――But so what?
She's facing death from a place where it cannot be beaten.That spell is proof of his foolishness. He's fighting for the witch who made the world her enemy and can't be forgiven for anything.
Kagome: "――――――Ha."
Kagome: "Hu, hahaha......"
A weak laugh, more fragile than a spider's thread.
She has nothing left.No dreams. No hope. No salvation.That's why Kagome laughs.
Kagome: "......why......does that...matter?"
How many times has Sting flown now? She's lost count.
Sting's blade may be eternal, but its speed has plummeted. She still has the will to fight, but her body and nerves are approaching their physical limits.
Her will has been shattered, and that's damaging her brain.
Kagome: "Sting――"
She mindlessly releases her blade amidst her trance.――She doesn't like this.
What a simplistic reason. Who would ever fight for that? She can't stand it.
So she bears her fangs and wields her blade.
Kagome: "――――"
Someone's still calling for her.
Kagome: "How can someone that weak......call out to me......so strongly......"
He would've died several times if she hadn't protected him.That weak and tiny creature is calling to her, facing the real her.
The Omnipotent――The unmatched pinnacle of power.The tyrant ruling over all other connectors.
It's physically impossible for Babylon to win against a stampeding Sting. Akihito should know that better than anyone――
But zero is still zero, no matter what you multiply it by.There's no way to defeat physics.
And yet he repeats it. He fights for a hopeless wish.He knows it's pointless, but he keeps calling to her.
Kagome: "............I'm going home."
Which is why......
Kagome: "I am going home."
Back there――――Back to that kingdom.
Of agony. Of despair. Of separation. Of tragedy. Of immorality.Of lamentation. Of hardships. Of difficulty. Of cruelty. Of collapse.Of lawlessness. Of gloom. Of treachery. Of atrocities. Of tragedies.Of loneliness. Of resignation. Of sins. Of retribution. Of rejection.
Back to our kingdom, where those are the only things awaiting her.Nothing but loneliness, though she can't even remain alone――Back to that beloved land―――
Kagome: "――――――"
But her human vessel has its limits.
Her arms and legs can't move.Her eyes grow dim, but she still looks forward.
She grits her teeth with frustration. She was on the verge of being satisfied with that attempt and dying with a smile. She's not going to die that shamefully.
She'll keep struggling until the very last moment, continuing to reject a meaningless death.
Even if it's as pointless as trying to reach the sky by jumping.
Girl A: "Let myself fall asleep. The pain will vanish if I close my eyes. We will all live a new life here."
Girl A: "We've merely changed form. We haven't died."
Kagome: "......that's......not......"
That's not revival, merely duplication.It would be a separate being from her current self, so it wouldn't be her.
The information in memories. The dregs of the mind.Numbers alone can't create a person.
―――Which is why......
She clings to this life so much it's sickening.She orders her legs to keep moving.
She works them beyond their limits, then keeps going far beyond them.At this point her body may as well be lead. It won't move a single millimeter for her anymore.
――――Is this it?
Kagome doesn't give up, but admits the cold truth.She won't accept it until the end.
She grits her teeth and pushes herself.Like a sacred vow to keep resisting as long as she lives.
Kagome: "Hu――――――"
Her breath is as hot as fire. The sound of blood flowing through her cranium is so loud, it won't let her sleep.
The surviving avatars surround Kagome.One......two......three......seven in total.
Huh, is that all that's left?
Just one more push. Only seven more.
If I just kill that many――
I can go back home, to Akihito――
She tries to stand up, but she keeps staggering and falling back down.
She falls face-first, but because of the pain swarming across her entire body, it doesn't feel any worse than a stumble.
Hmph, so there is a silver lining to this......
She gathers up her remaining energy and tries to say that with conviction, but only a hollow sound of moving air escapes her throat.
She runs out of breath――
What am I doing, writhing around on the ground like an insect?
And I call myself a witch. This is embarrassing.
She ridicules herself, wringing out the last drop of fuel left in her body and mind.
Her attempt to walk to the ends of the earth has ended, but she just manages to raise her head thirty centimeters.
A blue shadow stretches over Kagome's head.
A single eye burning bright red like blood and a long arm. A giant whose left arm has a bizarre shape resembling an enormous metal lance.
Kagome: "......Noo...ma......"
Her flesh and bones groan under the strain of looking up as the dark blue lance of death looms over her.
Hisoka: "Hinaori-san."
Soejima Hisoka.
If Kagome is a black witch, Hisoka is a white ghost. No, a transparent ghost.
Her skin's color is very faint. The colorlessness of gazy, murky loss.A dead girl with some impurities rendering her still visible.
Kagome never liked this ghost, not even on the day she transferred, because she knew this at first glance.
Hisoka is a lot like Akihito. She's similar, despite being the exact opposite.
They're similar, so they're drawn toward each other.They're opposites, so they can erase each other.She knew she mustn't let this girl get close to Akihito.You die when you meet your mirror image.
Soejima Hisoka is also the opposite of Kagome.
Ever since that day, she's guided countless masses to their deaths, and this woman was her final envoy.
On that day, this woman lost everything in her past and present because of Sting. A shadow of death connecting Kagome to her past.
Kagome created Hisoka's kingdom.Hisoka's kingdom signals the demise of Kagome's.
Just as Kagome did to her that day.
She just wanted to protect――The one precious thing she had left――But――
At some point, she realized.Protecting one person is no different from protecting the world.
Humans are never complete by themselves.A person is made up of everything they're connected to.
Trust, love, animosity, misunderstanding――Crossing paths for just one moment caused all of this.
People are made of the connections they have to others.
No one anywhere is truly isolated. Everyone's connected.Everyone's tied down. Everyone's trapped by invisible chains.
Everyone's kingdom is connected to other kingdoms outside, which is then connected to others, and so on. A mesh of countless links――――
So if you want to protect someone, in the end you have to protect the entire world.
Even the gods can't make that happen.
Besides......
I'm the one who robbed them of everything.I'm the Thing's secondary carrier. The invader from outside.
I acted indifferent and claimed it was all perfectly ordinary, but――
He was enjoying it so much.
Peaceful days that were nothing but a fairy tale.
Like a dream that goes away when you wake up.A temporary calm in between misfortunes.
Even though I know better than anyone that everything can fall out from under you at any moment.
He must've loved those fairy tales.
A shining castle on a hill with a gentle king and a beautiful princess.The prince's kiss breaks the wicked witch's spell.The evil black dragon is defeated by a knight in shining armor.
And at the end, the oldest cliche in the book.They lived happily ever after.
The two of them――Led a happy life――Until the end of time――
What he loved. What he wanted.
I'm the one who took it all away.
I didn't want to lose him. I wanted to be near him.I hated being alone. So I......
I hurt the person I wanted to protect the most, and yet......
He keeps holding out his hand, to a witch no one in the world can forgive――: （――What happened to the witch?）: （What happened?）: （Did they kill her?）: （Who knows? It doesn't say here.）: （It'd be sad if she died.）: （Even though she's a wicked witch?）: （If......）: （If I was the prince――――）
Aaah......you really aren't cut out to be a prince......you should've just rescued the princess like you were supposed to......
Kagome tries to stand up and falls again.
All the strength she tries to muster immediately slips away.It's like trying to scoop up water with a bucket full of holes.
I'm so fragile. My arms and legs are so easily broken.
I've come this far, and I'm only moments away from succeeding, and yet......
Kagome: "..................! ......"
My body............won't...listen――To me――
――I swore I'd make it back.
To that beloved hell.To that place of despair, betrayal, sorrow, and separation.To that cursed kingdom where he reached out to her.
Hisoka: "Hinaori-san."
Hisoka's eyes are like windows into the void.
Hisoka: "You killed me twice."
Once, five years ago.Once, on this very hill.
Kagome: "――Wh――"
Why does that matter? She grinds her teeth.
I still have to kill you again――
Since she can't say that aloud, Kagome has only one answer to the barbarian's lance above her.
She turns her tyrannical sword against it.If her sword breaks, she'll use her arms.If it cuts off her arms, she'll bite its throat.
And she will make it home.She focuses not on life or death, but on making it back.
Hisoka: "――――Nomad."
Hisoka holds her left arm out horizontally. The barbarian emits a low growl. The transgressor from the past holds its lance directly over Kagome's head.
Sting――Doesn't move.Her arms and legs won't move either.
She has no way to avoid or block this. She can only wait for destruction.But Kagome still won't avert her eyes.
Even if she dies――Even if she can't do one single thing about it, she'll keep struggling until the final moment.
The lance of death comes――
Nomad's left arm stretches out, shooting through the red-black Gevaudan, then crushing a Georgios' head.
Kagome: "――――!"
The barbarian's raging lance brings destruction with each flash.Kagome is bewildered, and the other avatars only see it in the corners of their eyes.
An Ivanhoe fails to escape the barbarian's charge.Its left arm is torn off at the shoulder.
The lance turns around and runs through a Pantagruel.Then an explosion behind Nomad brings it to its knees.
A black bullet fired by a Caspar cracks the dark blue armor.
Not just one shot.A rain of arrows. Loading. Firing. Hitting. Exploding.Amidst the bombardment, Nomad charges like a typhoon through hail.
It angrily skewers the Caspar, but that avatar keeps moving, slamming its crustacean head into Nomad's chest.
The barbarian is stuck now.
In that brief moment――――
The Ivanhoe readies its lance with its remaining arm.It shoves it into Nomad's right flank and clean out the other side.
Hisoka: "Uu――――――!"
The same pain assaults Hisoka.In this place, avatars literally are materialized minds, embodiments of the will to fight. Their damage brings pain to connectors.
Hisoka: "..................th-three more――"
The drifter has no home to return to.Her face should be colorless, but it has an unmistakable fighting spirit.
What is supporting Hisoka? She's been shot, run through, and torn apart.
Nomad refuses to fall even as it gets dismembered.The barbarian's lance rotates at high speed.
The swirling winds pin down the Ivanhoe.This time, Nomad finishes it off and turns toward the final enemies.
Hisoka: "Two......left......"
A swarm of sparkly threads rain down above the barbarian's head like snow. The Gevaudan's crystalline filaments cut Nomad's lance into twelve pieces.
Hisoka: "――――!"
Nomad has no weapons anymore, nor any way to stop the threads' second attack. The hound's invisible blades cut through the wind.
Hisoka: "This is――――――The last one!!!"
Hisoka shouts.Even at the gigs, she never expressed any strong desire for victory, but now those feelings pour out of her in the form of a scream.
Nomad answers her will, charging forth as a dark blue bullet.
Its arms.Its head.Its armor.Its legs――
They're all torn apart in an instant, retaining none of their original form, but that's enough for Hisoka.
――No matter how much she loses, no matter how torn up Nomad gets......――If she can get to it, it's fine.
Nomad's tenacity defeats the blades.
The hound backs away from the pieces of the giant's body, but the dismembered right arm grabs onto its front legs.It puts all of its weight onto the small Gevaudan.
But that can't destroy an avatar. It may only be a manifestation of the mind here, but it has the same strength and abilities as it did in the real world.
Of course――
Hisoka: "――――――Hurry."
――She knows all of that.
In the rubble strewn about by the barbarian, only Kagome remains alive. Hisoka gazes at her, as if praying, as if wishing.
Hisoka: "Hurry."
Nomad's arm can't hold the hound in place for very long.
So......
Hisoka: "Hurry!"
So――
Kagome: "S――――"
Kagome: "Sting!"
Kagome puts all of her remaining life and stamina into reactivating the cracked Sting.
She uses her last drop of power, wringing out what's left of her soul. It's only enough to execute a single attack, and for barely more than a second.
Thus――This attack will be her very last shot.
Kagome looks at Hisoka.
Hisoka looks at Kagome.
The witch never relied on anyone, and never looked back, not even on her own past.
Now――
For the first time――
Like a prayer. Like a wish.
Kagome: "――――――Sting, Mode Gwaihir!!"
She releases it.
Sting plummets straight down like lightning, piercing through Nomad's back and the Gevaudan's torso.
All three avatars are out of strength.Hisoka collapses to the ground after losing Nomad.
Hisoka: "――――――――――Now, it's over."
Every avatar is gone now.
Kagome: "Ah........................"
That faint voice brings Kagome back to her senses.Silence finally returns to the altar of ruins.
――――It's quiet.――――Nothing but silence.
Soejima Hisoka is on the verge of death. If destruction in this world can be called death, then Kagome has now killed Hisoka three times.
Why......?
Kagome's throat won't move, so instead she asks that question with her eyes, even though she can barely see out of them.
Why did you save me? You have every reason to hate me.
The black witch's blade took everything from Hisoka, and cursed her to be a transparent foreign entity.
She should hate Kagome so much she'd love to kill her over and over again. So why――?
Hisoka: "......I didn't want......to cry......"
――I was?
Hisoka: "Not you......him......"
Mizuwa Akihito.
Hisoka: "If you......died, then he would...cry......"
Hisoka: "He's kind......after......all......"
That night, Hisoka lost her only remaining friend.
The one companion she had essentially killed himself through drugs.
He called himself NOIZ.A pitiful wanderer trying to take revenge against this overly kind world.
On that lonely night, she was struck with solitude as she walked through the rain. Only one person held out a hand to her.
His hand's warmth, his back's warmth――
That man says cold things and tries to act cool, but he never gave up on her.
So......
Hisoka: "I don't......want...to......see him......cry."
So she doesn't want to see him cry. Of course she would feel that way.
His hand was so warm――
That made her want to fight for someone else's sake.
Even though she always felt something like that would be pointless――
Of course, when you do something for someone else, you're really only doing it to satisfy yourself.
But for some reason, she feels good about that.
Hisoka: "Aaah――――"
She sees a rainbow in the distance.A beautiful rainbow against the burning red of the evening sky.
Hisoka: "Father......mo...ther......what are...we having......for dinner......"
They're waving――My father. My mother. Akira. I've been searching for them for so long.
They all went away, leaving me behind......and everything disappeared.
I've been alone ever since. I was just lonely......
But......Yes......It's fine now.
I'm fine.
I did something for someone else――What was it again?
I've forgotten, but......
But I'm proud of it.
It feels good to do something for someone you care about.
So I'm sure I'll be fine from now on.I think I can walk forward by myself again.
Hisoka: "――――"
She sings, toward the distant rainbow.: That's right, Mother, I wanted to tell you.: I......I've......: ......found someone...I think I love......
The rainbow she'll never reach.
But she might make it if she starts walking now.Just maybe――――
Soejima Hisoka ceased to exist.In this place, death doesn't leave a body behind.When you cease to act, your form vanishes as well.
All of the avatars and their connectors have returned to the blue light.
That woman was only an illusion.The final remnants of the mind of a dead girl named Soejima.
No matter how sad it may be, she died a long time ago.
Kagome knows that, but―――
Why does it hurt her so much―――?
Kagome: ".................."
There's nothing left. Not one trace.
Only Sting lies in the barren wasteland, stuck in the ground like a grave marker.
Kagome: "............I'm...going...home."
The Omnipotent ruled over all other avatars, as proven by its 426,700 action points.
She killed every last one of them with her own hands, and now she remains here alone. Kagome looks at the scenery from her past.
Back then, her heart was filled with void, but this time she casts that aside. Her body has been on the verge of death hundreds of times, but she drags it forward one step at a time.
She staggers like a toddler walking for the first time. But her steps are firm. She moves forward.
She has somewhere to go. There are people waiting for her. So......
So......
Kagome: "―――――――――I'm...going home......"
She continues walking.To the ends of this place.
She falls down, unable to move anymore.She lies on the floor of the hall as if hugging it.
Like a doll.Like despair.
There is silence. Then Yoruko's footsteps ring in her ears.
Gentle hands stroke her hair.She remembers these hands. She knows them well.
Kagome: "............Akihito............"
Kagome: "......Akihito......"
Kagome: "......you were so damn loud......you woke me up......"
Hands stroke her. Like a mother. Like someone lost.
Kagome: "............Akihito...you really are an idiot........."
The voice is so far, yet so close.
====================T0700：明日へ続く0526.json====================
The valley of ruins is silent once more. Benio and Mayuki support each other as they walk. They both pull Haru out of the rubble.
Haru: "It's so good to be alive. This might be the first time O-Haru-san ever felt grateful for that......"
She brushes her blackened hair out of her face as Yoruko and Rondo run toward them from one of the buildings.
Benio: "Heeey!"
She waves. Benio's group is alive because Yoruko used 9R's shields when they were blown away.
Haru: "Izawacchiii?"
He's sitting down next to the wounded, defeated Babylon.
Babylon and Sting.
There are huge gashes all over Babylon's body.Half its head is gone, and Sting is stuck in the ground next to it.
Mayuki: "Is Babylon......dead?"
Izawa: "Of course not. We're still alive."
Benio: "Sting......isn't moving, right?"
Both avatars are motionless, as if dead.
Haru: "Then it's over......"
However it happened, the fight is over now.Izawa stands up without saying anything.
An ending is just a beginning.A beginning is just the first step toward another ending.
Light sneaks in from a gap somewhere, reaching their feet.
Kagome: "You have such stupid wounds."
Akihito: "And whose fault is that?"
Kagome smiles.It's not a hollow smile, but it's so awkward, it looks like she's angry.
I hurt everywhere.As long as I live, my heart and body will hurt the more I use them.There's no avoiding that, but it also proves I'm alive.
Hinaori Kagome has returned.
We enter a big room in a partially collapsed building.I lie down, or maybe sit down.
Shockingly, we're all alive, though not unscathed.
Everyone's face is dirty, black, and bleeding.It's shameful and comical. It's beautiful.I squint my eyes and put a hand to my forehead. 
Outside, I can see parts of the ruined neighborhood.
Mayuki: "......how are you not out of stamina?"
Haru: "It's more like stubbornness than stamina."
Kagome treats everyone's wounds.I probably have it the worst, and largely because of her.
We each sit down wherever we want. I lean against the cracked wall.We do nothing. We barely speak. We're exhausted.
We can't see the sky turning white from here, but outside it gets brighter, and shadows retreat down the empty streets. Aaah, it really is morning.
Akihito: "The world's still spinning......"
It doesn't care about us. It keeps moving automatically, however it wants, without any input from us.
Kagome finishes treating everyone and sits down next to me.She leans against the wall too.
Akihito: "Kagome......"
Kagome: "Akihito......"
She's smirking. I was hoping for a more romantic expression.There's definitely something wrong with her.
Yoruko: "Is this......what you'd call...a miracle......?"
Akihito: "No miracles happened. Those things don't exist. We did everything we could, and this is the outcome. That's all."
Miracles don't happen in this gentle kingdom.What's here is here, and what isn't isn't.
Mayuki: "That does seem like a miracle though."
Benio: "The world is a series of little miracles."
Izawa: "......don't be stupid."
Small miracles called coincidences.Connections bring both joy and malice in equal measure.
If those count as miracles, then the result thereof definitely counts as a miracle too.
Something moves outside. It's clearly an enemy.The morning sun casts shadows every so often, telling us there are a lot of people moving around out there.
Their footsteps disturb the morning silence, along with some mechanical sounds. Probably from avatars. They echo through the deserted valley of ruins.
Akihito: "......we're surrounded."
Kagome warns us not to approach the windows, since they might have snipers.
Yoruko's "Fiver" scans for movement and infrared signals.I don't know the right military term for this number of enemies, but it's probably at least a unit or a squad.
Izawa: "Who are these people? They have avatars too."
Kagome: "Orodruin, working for Kajou's researchers, and probably troops from the System. Or maybe a military unit they borrowed from some other country."
Rondo: "......what are they doing here?"
We don't need to ask that. They're obviously here to deal with the connectors that stubbornly refuse to die.
Kajou doesn't have direct control over Orodruin.Now that the experiment is being canceled, they've been deployed to dispose of all remaining connectors.
Kagome: "They probably came to kill me in case I survived the fight."
Apparently some people would rather Kagome not survive. The System is vast and can seem enormous, but it's still made up of people.
They have competing interests and get in each other's way......conflict and distrust can form anywhere.
Benio: "......I thought that stuff only happened in movies."
Rondo: "You should know better than that by now, Benio."
Benio: "Uuu, I know......maybe I should."
Mayuki: "Are we going to get killed?"
Well, I don't plan on just letting them shoot us, but it's hard to say the odds are in our favor.
Connectors aren't invincible heroes or cybernetically enhanced androids. There are many ways to kill them.
I feel despair and think about how we ended up here.What choices did we make? Where did we go wrong?
There are many things I wish had gone better.I've lost a lot, and left a lot unfinished.
What I've achieved is so tiny. Most of my wishes were never granted, and so many things slipped through my fingers just to achieve this.
But......
Akihito: "Could we just charge through them......?"
I don't think any of it was wrong.
Kagome: "And how would we do that?"
Akihito: "Guys, can you still fight?"
Rondo: "I can use Miss Jh for a minute or so, but it is just me, and she's half-broken already."
Yoruko: "I should last about three minutes, but I've used most of my shield energy."
Akihito: "And Babylon......"
Izawa: "Half its head is gone."
Kagome: "How disappointing."
Akihito: "You're the one who broke it."
Mayuki: "To make up for it, any chance you could wipe them out with Sting?"
Kagome: "I made it back by destroying most of my action points. I'd only last a few minutes."
The witch lacks her usual poison and her ridiculing smile.
Benio: "Maybe this is it......"
I force my broken fingers to move. Sharp pain shoots through my head, and tears come out. But my heart feels lighter.
It hurts like hell because I'm alive.
Without pain, there's no way to prove the world exists.Pain, anguish, and despair prove you're alive.
What we have to do now is very simple.Fight.
There may be no escape. We may not survive this.But even if we die in a gutter here......
As long as I'm alive, I'll keep resisting the pain, the anguish, and the despair.
As long as even one of my fingers moves......Until my heart beats its very last......
Akihito: "We're still alive. We're not dead yet."
Kagome: "We're alive......"
Yoruko: "If we survive, it's possible that something good will happen."
Mayuki: "......that's a strange thing for you to say."
Benio: "......only "possible?""
Akihito: "Some nights can last a lifetime."
This world doesn't have enough hopes or dreams.Or guarantees that tomorrow will be better than today.Or reassurance that what we've lost will be made up for later.
Akihito: "But if we don't survive, there won't be a tomorrow."
Death is the end. There's nothing after it. So nothing good will happen if we don't live to wait for a tomorrow that might be better than today.
Akihito: "Even if we make the whole world our enemy, things might be better tomorrow."
To make that fairy tale come true, I'll hold an illusory hope and cross the stormy sea.
Benio: "Living is so hard......"
Akihito: "It's more cruel than hard."
Many things have made me want to die.I'm sure there are times when dying is the best choice.Since we can't even hold on to hopes and dreams here.
Benio: "But we still have to live."
Akihito: "Death has no reason. Death has no meaning."
Kagome: "What's that?"
Akihito: "Something I learned a long time ago."
Humans can be dissected into phenomena. Even the sacred human heart can be replaced by chemical reactions and electric signals.
Death has no reason and no meaning. Only the living give it meaning.
So I'm going to keep struggling until the end, no matter how unseemly.
And I'll chant that one spell."But so what?"
Mayuki: "So what do we do when there is no way out?"
Akihito: "Smile and try to talk them down, I guess."
Izawa: "They'll kill us before we can try that."
A lazy sense of satisfaction.It's not resignation. It's not accepting death either.
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, what are you drinking?"
Haru: "Want some?"
The maid hands me her small plastic bottle.
Akihito: "Uwa! This stuff is really sweet."
Haru: "Yes. O-Haru-san likes her sweet, thick white drink."
Benio: "Don't people normally drink alcohol at this point in the movies?"
Haru: "Sweet stuff is good when you tired. Or would you prefer the other kind of white stuff?"
Benio: "Educational discipliiiine!!!"
The night dawns.
Morning may come, but that's only temporary.Night will come again, and then another morning.The cycle never ends.
Akihito: "We've done what we could."
Izawa: "Then go die happy, idiot."
Our pointless chatter slows down. Silence overcomes us at the same pace as the morning. I squint from the light outside.
Kagome: "We should get going soon."
Akihito: "We can't stay here forever, and when dawn breaks they might try to bring down the whole building."
Rondo: "What'll you do if we get away?"
Mayuki: "Go online."
Benio: "I think I'd like a bath."
Benio: "You, Izawa?"
Izawa: "I'll crush them."
Yoruko: "......crush who?"
Izawa: "Them. The guys outside. The guys giving them orders. The guys I've never seen. I'll crush every last one of them all at once."
Yoruko: "......this man is so......"
Benio: "Stupid."
Rondo: "Thick-headed."
Akihito: "I envy your simplicity."
Izawa: "You're even simpler."
Akihito: "How?"
Izawa: "We told you this morning. You're an idiot who'll put his life on the line for any woman he sees. Chivalry is dead, you know."
Kagome snuggles up to me. The witch's eyes are a very deep black.
I reach out to her beautiful, dirty cheek and brush aside her hair.
My fingers touch her skin, confirming its shape.
Akihito: "Welcome home."
Kagome: "I'm back."
An ordinary exchange. Those words hit me harder than any other.
Akihito: "I tried my best, but this is all I could do."
Kagome: "......it's not bad for you, Akihito."
Kagome: "Do you have any regrets?"
Kagome: "Even if this is it, and everything ends here today, so that all your anguish, agony, and pain disappears forever......"
Kagome: "Would you still――――"
Akihito: "I won't have any regrets. I think."
Akihito: "Maybe I will soon, but I don't have any right now. I did what I could."
Kagome: "You're supposed to say that when you're dying."
She's right. I think about it, and say it differently.
Akihito: "I did everything I could this time, and next time I'll try a little bit harder."
I wrap my fingers around hers. Our hands connect, so that we can't let go.
Benio: "Uwa, that's embarrassing."
Yoruko: "......get a room."
Rondo: "Such a typical ending."
Mayuki: "Is this what they call a happy ending?"
Haru: "It's not a happy ending. It hasn't ended yet."
Izawa: "Idiot."
Kagome: "Akihito, you really are an idiot. You're so pitiful it's nauseating. I'm so worried, I can't keep my eyes off you."
Kagome: "There's no choice. I'll stay with you for the rest of our lives."
Kagome: "I will watch every last comedy, tragedy, embarrassment, and farce you ever create, Akihito."
Akihito: "And I'll stay with you too."
Akihito: "Through the sad times, the fun times, the painful times, the stupid times, and everything else."
Akihito: "Through absolutely everything, until the very end."
Akihito: "Until――――"
Until death do us part.
I try to find something else to say. Nothing comes to mind.
The cowardly witch is ashamed to touch another, but now she's wrapping her fingers around mine.
With all the courage she has......
With such gentle strength it's painful......
She kisses me, like a bride in a small church.
No vows, not many witnesses, and no divine blessings.
On a street that's been deserted for years, the clear light of dawn is so beautiful, it's cruel.
Why is that?
This gentle kingdom―――
We're all alone, and we always will be.
I know we can't be one, no matter how much we touch.
That's sad and painful.
It's even scary.
And yet......
We can't help but want someone.
As if dreaming of a fairy tale―――
One of us stands up, and so does the other.We're still alive, so we take one step forward.
Akihito: "Let's go."
We stand up. Kagome follows behind me. We walk toward the exit. Morning light fills the hazy, deserted street. I drag my aching legs forward, one firm step at a time.
Izawa stands up.
He looks displeased, as if prepared to bite and gnash at the whole world.He wipes the mud off his face.
The three of us walk forward.
Mayuki and Yoruko stand up.
Mayuki lets her long hair down, and throws away her broken glasses.She's not hiding anything anymore.
Her true self. Her face almost looks naked. It's weirdly shocking.
Yoruko takes up her swords.Even without her master, a knight is still a knight.
With swords in hand, she faces forward.She remembers those who've died, and follows those who still live.
The five of us walk forward.
Benio and Rondo stand up.
Benio stretches, like a cat. Then she turns around just once.
The city is behind one of the walls, so she can't see it from here, but Benio doesn't need to. She says goodbye.
Rondo runs her fingers through her hair.
What she's done. What she's stolen. What happened to Iroha.Her face says she has many things left to do.
The seven of us walk forward.
Haru stands up. The maid is the same as always.Her face is just a little bit gentler, and a little bit calmer than usual.
The eight of us walk forward.
Haru: "It's nice doing stuff like this once in a while."
A white place at the edge of the world.
If we make it through here, is there hope for the future?There might be nowhere left to run. But we walk forward regardless. 
This might be a waste of time, but for some reason nothing stops us.
Outside, everything is white. The color just before dawn breaks.
Life has no reason. It just is. That's all there is to it.
The one and only truth is that we're still alive, covered in blood.
My shoulder won't move. Even now, someone's supporting me. I can't walk on my own.
Akihito: "――Come, Babylon!!"
Kagome: "Come, Sting!!"
I can see the ruins outside.
There's a huge world outside these ruins.And an even bigger world beyond that one.
We keep walking.
====================T0720：おとぎ話をはじめよう_0526.json====================
I find a small flower blooming in one corner of the city.
A white flower growing beneath the rubble.I don't know its name, but I see it a lot.
I wonder where the seed came from.
It's been a while since all of that happened.
The city was in chaos after the terrorism from five years ago came back, but now that it's over, there was actually less damage and fewer casualties than last time.
But a lot of people still died. It just could've been a lot worse.
It's still fresh in our memories.Various parts of the city are broken, burned up and in pieces.They're being rebuilt, cleaned up, or abandoned.
The biggest incident is being called "the war in the new heart."They say the terrorist group behind all this started fighting itself that day.
Ayaya: "Aaah, they're remodeling this ramen shop......"
A lot of strange things happened. It's impossible to deny they happened. The memories will never disappear, but our daily lives are starting to go back to the way they were.
It's the same as before, but slightly different.
Officially, the incident was a series of terrorist attacks, widely publicized, and dominating the media for several days.
You can look up images of it online. There are a lot of rumors saying it wasn't just terrorism, and all sorts of speculation.
The city is slowly recovering.The bright lights and bustling voices are back.The seasons change again, and now it's spring.
It's decided to erect new monuments, so a portion of the destroyed area is set aside for that.
So that we never forget what happened.So that its memory may help us in the future.
I count the things that happened back then one by one.
Ayaya: "Uncle, how are you? What are you up to these days?"
John: "I'm glad to see you're okay, Professor."
Kajou: "You seem down today."
Kajou Uehito cheerily greets his visitor. This man always looks gloomy.
John: "......this is about that incident, isn't it?"
The gloomy man looks toward the TV, displeased.Kajou had been watching a special documentary on the terrorist attacks in Takakura City six months ago.
The incident wounded a great many people. Even these men were hurt by it.
John: "......you seem to be enjoying yourself, Professor. The experiment was a failure, and just thinking about the cover-up gives us headaches. We even lost Orodruin......"
Kajou: "They did splendidly! They carried our their assigned task, and met a gorgeous demise!"
He speaks so dramatically it's quite irritating.
John: "......they didn't finish their job. Many more connectors survived than we planned for. We―――"
Kajou smiles, indifferent to John's concerns.Every time they meet, that infuriates John.
Kajou: "A genius is one who loves the world as it is!"
Kajou: "It is in the System's nature to categorize, record, and forget. You narrow-minded people frequently mistake your concerns for the world's concerns."
Kajou: "Of course, you and I are quite different, but we're all cogs in that machine. If I need to do something, I shall, but my genius tells me now is not the time. Inspiration!!"
John: "............understood. That's not why I'm here, anyway. Please come with me."
No one would come all the way out here just to complain about the past.
The world is always dizzyingly fast, and their job is always changing.
Kajou: "You look gloomy every time I see you. Is the world really that dull?"
Ayaya runs through the school hallways. As usual, she's full of energy.
Takahashi: "Hey, Kouhai-chan."
Ayaya Enishi stands up straight. Over the past six months her chest has grown two centimeters. She waves to her Senpai and continues running.
Tianwen: "Thank you very much."
Chai Tianwen is always smiling. Everyone who knows him says that, and even those who don't will pass on the rumor.
Izalone was remodeled after the incident. He found a new part-timer, and his clientele is younger now. Few of them know his darker side.
A prominent figure in the new heart.Chai Tianwen has built his own kingdom.
Tianwen: "Thank you very much."
But there are moments when his achievements suddenly feel hollow.
What did he want when he started all of this?A place where he could feel proud of himself?A home where he could sleep in peace?
Or perhaps――
Tianwen: "............"
Foolish sentiments. The longer you live, the more you realize you can't live on purity alone. He continues being impure.
Tianwen: "Now then......"
He swirls some new alcohol in his glass. Today's was a little bitter.
Miyato: "Hmmm."
Miyato Kouzou is still a detective. He's in a role with no chance of promotion, so he walks around the city doing grunt work.
He takes a simple postcard out of his pocket.He gazes at both sides, as if something's wrong.It's from his ex-wife, telling him about her remarriage.
He's not sure whether he wanted to know, but it's probably her form of closure.
Things were so complicated back then. It's hard to explain why exactly.If they did it all over again, would it end the same way?Sometimes he thinks it would, but other times he's more hopeful.
Miyato: "Ah, Miss, could I have a newspaper?"
The newspaper he buys at the station has the same stories as every other day.
After the incident six months ago, there haven't been any more cases involving connectors. Either they were all wiped out, or they went into hiding and stopped causing trouble.
He worked hard, but he still lost many things. That's his only regret.
He dirtied his hands, and made mistakes.He knew what he was doing was wrong, and back then he had no regrets.Today he looks up at the sky, so high it's dizzying.
Now the regret is sharp. He sniffles.
Kururi is on the roof. The two of them sit on the bench and eat bread together. Yakisoba bread and red bean bread.
Kururi: "*munch* *munch*"
Ayaya: "*munch* *munch*"
The sky is still dizzyingly high.
Ayaya: "......a lot of people left after that."
Kururi: "It was a pretty big incident. A lot of people were affected by it."
The incident six months ago. Ayaya found records online, and carefully catalogued and bookmarked them.
Ayaya: "......I wonder what they're doing."
Kururi: "If you get stuck in the past, you'll never move forward again."
Ayaya: "Does this count as being stuck in the past?"
The past is an uninterrupted chain of events.It can't be broken, and it defines the present.Regretting it is pointless, but we mustn't forget it either.
Ayaya: "Yuuna-chan's gone."
Kururi: "Hana-sensei's gone."
Ayaya: "For a while, everyone was saying the idol got killed in those attacks."
She was only a local idol, but the internet made a fuss about it.Before long, everything else drowned it out.
Ayaya: "And......"
Akihito and Kagome.She doesn't need to say the last two names out loud. Kururi's eyes are half-closed and sleepy as she looks toward the corner of the roof.
That's where they used to be.
She cried the first night. Over time, her sorrow faded.All emotions change into memories eventually.
But something still feels unfinished.
A lot of people died and went missing in the incident six months ago.
Akihito and Kagome are among the people who went missing. 
She doesn't know if they're alive or not. So she never got closure.
It will take time for her wounds to heal, but she'd at least like to have an answer.
Kururi: "There is no right answer."
Ayaya: "......really? Are you sure? Something this simple should be a yes or no."
Kururi: "Colors are just different wavelengths of light."
Ayaya: "Yes, I know that."
She pouts, assuming Kururi is making fun of her.
Kururi: "It's all in the eye of the beholder. Ayaya-chan and Kururi-chan may look at the same thing, but they may not see the same color."
Kururi: "Apples are red. Everyone knows that, but who decided what "red" means?"
Ayaya: "That sounds complicated."
Kururi: "There is no answer, so the best we can do is eat the apple as we walk and look up at the sky."
Online, certain urban legends are treated as fact.Like the monsters that supposedly caused that incident.There are lots of sites with pictures and other evidence.
Even Ayaya saw one of the monsters.A large black beast strolled past her window.At the time, she thought she was dreaming.
How much of it is true? How much isn't?She doesn't know, but the world still turns regardless.
Kururi: "Hmmm? Then how about this?"
Kururi: "There's an evil secret society taking over the world. They conducted an experiment here, but then lost control of it."
Ayaya: "That would be so cool."
Kururi: "It would."
Kururi: "So what if that was true?"
Ayaya: "Hmmm,Ayaya wouldn't lose to people like that. I'll be fine."
She makes that baseless assertion with a smile.
Kururi: "All right.Time to go then."
She hops up from her seat.
Ayaya: "You're leaving, Senpai-chan?"
Kururi: "Mm-hmm. The sky is endless. The world never stops spinning. Today the incidents continue. The city is crying out for Kururi-chan's help."
After school, Keiko rushes home. She has to take care of her little brothers.
Keiko's mother isn't a very reliable person.Keiko's older brother disappeared during that incident.
The wound is deep, and it'll take time to heal.So she focuses on the present, keeping her feet firmly on the ground.
On the way home, she visits the bank.
Keiko: "It's still coming......"
She's been receiving anonymous payments for the last six months.At first, she found it creepy.
But now......
It makes her heart warm, like a slender thread to cling to.
Keiko: "Gotta keep working hard."
She runs off energetically.
The usual footbridge.
Ayaya went there alone.The station is being rebuilt, and the wide footbridge is colorful.
She remembers Akihito being here in the past.She remembers Akihito's friends being here.
They aren't here anymore. They're gone.
Normally she wouldn't mind, but right now, she can't forget about that.
It stays in her heart forever.
Akihito: "Hey, Ayaya."
She passes by him on the footbridge.
Ayaya: "――――W-wait!!"
She hurriedly stops him. But the man who turns around isn't Akihito.
Ayaya: "......sorry."
She apologizes and walks away.
She looks at the sky――She knows he really is gone now.
There really are far more misfortunes than there are blessings.
The world is like a series of calm periods in between tragedies.That's why every moment is so precious.
Promises are made to be broken.
Ayaya: "I guess my love wasn't requited......"
A mix of several different emotions comes to her after six months.
Dull pain fills her chest and brings tears to her eyes.But the sky doesn't change.
She holds out both hands.
She spreads out her arms like wings and spins around.
Ayaya: "Let's find a new love!"
And then, she lives a perfectly ordinary but slightly different life――――
Once again, night comes.
A few stars twinkle in the sky over the city.I feel the cold wind blow as it makes the trees rustle.
It's so boring.
This scenery has no value. It could be found anywhere.
For a long time, I forgot to slow down and gaze at these ordinary sights.
A deafening rumble tears inconsiderately through the night air.
What looks like a fallen tree rolls across the pavement as we sit at one corner of the park.
It awkwardly picks itself up, making sharp clicking noises like a clock whose gears are stuck.
Rondo: "Could you stop bringing us out here for something so pointless? It's really annoying."
Some complaints come from behind me.
She's always the first one here, but she never stops whining about this.
I'll have to educate her better.
Benio: "No. No way. Being cool takes serious effort. And friendship, practice, and spirit."
Mayuki: "Hot-blooded types always try to force their beliefs on others."
Yoruko: "......you're so noisy."
Haru: "Being free and spontaneous is the best, though it's not bad to follow someone's orders either."
Izawa: "......shut up."
Everyone's talkative, as usual.
We lounge around one corner of the park while watching the fight.
It's been a while since all of us got together.We're all wearing different clothes and facing different directions.
Kagome: "――――――"
The incident ended, but what happened will never go away.
We're all wanted by the System now, so we had to go into hiding.
We've done far too much for them to simply forget about us.
After the "war" in the new heart, the "terrorism" died out surprisingly quickly. It's partly because Orodruin cut down the number of connectors.
It's also partly thanks to the Round Table.
They've collapsed now, but they did keep the Coμnet peaceful for two whole years.
During those years, a surprisingly large number of cabals modeled themselves off the Round Table.
With the king gone, they became afraid of a much larger war, so they stayed small and defensive, roughly balanced in power.
Much more blood was spilt after that.
But in the end, they all chose to live together rather than kill each other.
An illusory two years created by ignorance and foolishness.
Apparently that helped this Coμnet do much better than the one from five years ago.
Speaking of the Round Table, Nanase's also missing in action.
The System hasn't made any big moves lately.
For all we know, they want to dissect me since I'm the only connector to ever survive a stampede. Not that I'd let them.
I wonder if Kajou had a hand in how nicely things wrapped up this time.
I can see him coming to retrieve me, but it would also be just like him to never show up again.
Kagome: "......"
The wounds I suffered in that unreal battle vanished without a trace.
But the pain comes back every so often.
I'm almost blind in my left eye.
It's not that bad.
I'm still here.
I feel pain because I'm alive.
Only the living can suffer from pain and struggle with despair.
This proves I'm alive.
A lot of connectors died in that incident.The experimental city overflowed and they spilled out.
Kajou and his buddies were probably rejoicing, but for the rest of us it was a massive pain.
The more there are, the more likely some will lose control. And no one is stupid enough to run around trying to clean up the crazies.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
A shrill noise that only connectors can hear.The streets tremble late at night when no one's around.
A giant was knocked back, and a dark dragon walks forward.
The pitch-black dragon raises its head and spreads its arms.Its fourteen glowing eyes are all wide open, burning crimson on a body blacker than night.
A certain urban legend is being told tonight in one corner of the electronic sea.
It's a fairy tale about a witch and a black dragon living in a gentle kingdom.
Kagome: "Akihito, you really are a hopeless idiot."
The stupidest man I know ignores my quip and says something absurd instead.
Akihito: "I did promise."
Promise? What does he mean?
Akihito: "That I'd repay all my debts a thousand times over. To do that, I'm going to take care of each and every nuisance, trouble and problem one by one."
Kagome: "What are they?"
Akihito: "Tons of different things."
More than that. New problems appear every day. He'll never finish.
Kagome: "These little things bother you that much?"
Akihito: "I don't like the fact that they never seem to go away."
Akihito: "So I'll take care of them one by one. Maybe someday I'll get through all of them."
Whoever said stupidity can't be cured was dead right.
There really is no way to fix this man.
In the end, the dragon will never stop fighting reality.
It raises its claws toward the sky and tries to fly, even though it has no wings.
Kagome: "―――――――"
Suddenly......
......I feel like a song from the past is reaching me through the wind. I stop and listen.
There is no song. I can't hear anything.
The melody is so ancient, it probably has moss growing on it by now.
A song whose lyrics speak of a happy kingdom beyond the rainbow.
There was a woman humming that song.
Why did she keep humming that same song over and over?
Did she lock herself up in a little dream because she lost everything?
Or did she need it to gather up what little warmth was left in her frozen heart?
I don't know.
I hardly ever spoke to her, and she's long gone now, but sometimes I remember her.
I'll never know the answer.
In the end, we are all alone.
But I want to keep going.
I'll fight for someone, and occasionally remember that woman from long ago.
This gentle kingdom has no hope or salvation.
That's why everyone needs fairy tales.Stories about evil demons and heroes traveling to the edge of the world.They may give us courage, wisdom, or consolation.
We can wish and pray, but we can't see tomorrow.Today lasts only a moment, and we can't change yesterday.
Likewise, I'll never get another chance to speak to her.
But I'll keep going regardless.
I still carry my regrets and my pain, looking back on what I've lost.
As long as I live, I'll keep getting hurt.
Despite that......
People are defined by a lot more than just themselves.
Though that's not just kindness.
Behind me, some idiots are saying stupid things as usual.
A hopeless ally of justice.
A hot-blooded simpleton.
A knight without her master.
A maid who isn't a maid anymore.
A lonely liar.
An ordinary hoodlum.
And―――
Akihito: "―――Go, Babylon!"
He commands it to go.
He really is a stupid man.
He actually kept his promise."――――If I ever become a prince, I'll save the witch."
A promise that's just begging to be broken.
I thought he didn't even remember those words.
But he really did keep that promise in the end.
So you can have dreams, even when there's no hope or salvation.
A fragile dream, like a glass castle.
Brief moments of enjoyment between periods of suffering.
The wind is cold this season, but there is a little warmth in my heart.
It feels like the snow starting to melt after a very long winter.
I remember.
The woman's last words before she passed away.
The stupid man doesn't know about it. A tiny feeling, like a delicate flower.
They told me something.
The stupid man never let go of her, not even at the very end.He had no chance of saving her. His devotion was useless.But his efforts were not in vain.
I'm here now.
Several little hands brought me here.
The feelings of many people who were all on the verge of disappearing.
I made it back here.
Almost like――――
Real magic.
My chest grows warm.
For no reason, I suddenly want to cry.
I bite my lips and bear it, determined not to let anyone see my tears.
I can't let him or anyone else see me like that.
Instead of crying, I hold my head high and look forward with confidence.
With a mountain of sins on my back, none of which I can ever atone for.
But I still look up despite all of that.
That's all any of us can really do.
Keep walking forward.
It's okay if we stop or rest at times.
Or make mistakes and get struck down, as long as we keep facing forward.
And tell ourselves "But so what?"
That's how we move onward.
For today.
For the tomorrow coming after it.
And for whatever lies beyond it.
We keep believing in that little fairy tale――
This is a gentle kingdom.
No miracles, and no magic.
Everyone is alone.
But when we reach out for someone, we're sure to accomplish something.
So I continue chanting that spell tonight.
Kagome: "Now, let the fairy tale begin."
====================bad001 バッドエンド01_0415.json====================
Mayuki: "It's time for Help Me, Mayuki-Sensei!!"
Mayuki: "So you have at long last come to a bad end."
Mayuki: "This segment is for you because you either came to a sad, tragic end, or deliberately picked a stupid choice."
Mayuki: "So I, Yuubana Mayuki-sensei will lecture you on the following hints and trivia."
Mayuki: "Now then, this is your very first bad end. Congratulations."
Mayuki: "To be specific, this is the "I made a bad choice and died in a battle waaaah" kind of bad end. Please don't literally come crying to me for help."
Mayuki: "Here's some advice for the people who ended up here. Sometimes, it's important to believe in others. Don't forget that."
Mayuki: "Though I find it hard to trust Izawacchi too."
Izawa: "Shut up!"
Mayuki: "So promise Mayuki you'll make the right choice――"
Try again?
====================bad004 バッドエンド04.json====================
Mayuki: "It's time for: Help Me, Mayuki-Sensei!!"
Mayuki: "So, you have hit a bad end once again. Perhaps you're now starting to think "These bad ends are a pain in the ass, stop giving me choices!""
Mayuki: "You'd feel lonely if they weren't there, trust me."
Mayuki: "Now, as for this bad end......"
Mayuki: "You could say that the fight is over for us at this point. We're done for."
Mayuki: "Oooh, brave hero Akihito, how hast thou come to die?"
Mayuki: "Well, I died too."
Mayuki: "Okay, everyone, promise Mayuki you'll take good care of your save――"
Do you want to try again?
====================bad005 エンド05_Hisoka end 01.json====================
Mayuki: "It's time for: Help Me, Mayuki-Sensei!!"
Mayuki: "You have finally reached Soejima-san's ending, but the long battle is not yet over, for the sun will rise another day."
Mayuki: "Before you say goodbye, Mayuki has a helpful tip."
Mayuki: "If you go back a bit, there might be more choices."
Mayuki: "May we meet again in another en――"
Continue?
====================bad006 バッドエンド06.json====================
Mayuki: "It's time for: Help Me, Mayuki-Sensei!!"
Mayuki: "You're probably getting sick of counting the number of bad ends now."
Mayuki: "And yet again you got a dead end in combat. Don't worry, it happens to everyone."
Mayuki: "These choices always come after some hints in the description of the situation."
Mayuki: "But more importantly, you should know by now that Akihito-san is better at clever, tricky tactics than he is at full-frontal assaults of willpower."
Kagome: "Such foolishness."
Benio: "I know, right?"
Mayuki: "Yes, yes, the peanut gallery can be quiet now."
Mayuki: "As you can see, the viewers agree with me, so please keep this in mind for future choices."
Mayuki: "Now, promise Mayuki you'll think before your next choice――"
Try again?
====================bad07 エンド07.json====================
Mayuki: "It's time for: Help Me, Mayuki-Sensei!!"
Mayuki: "You've reached Ayaya-san's ending. Sometimes life is simple and calm. It's nice to have a peaceful routine once in a while."
Mayuki: "But before you say goodbye to this route, Mayuki has a tip."
Mayuki: "If you haven't seen Mayuki's ending yet, you only need to make sliiiiightly different choices."
Mayuki: "See you in the next ending――"
====================真雪01 平穏な時間に.json====================
There's a reason why I'm wandering around town aimlessly on a weekend.
――Kagome.
Jack the Ripper. I don't know who gave him that name, but his killing spree is over now.
Calm days return to the town once more.
Takekawa Benio finally found and moved to a new place after staying at mine for so long.
Now everything is back to the way it was. This room felt lonely and quiet again――
―――Until she reappeared.
Akihito: "......I wonder when I'll be free."
She trespassed via the window as usual, dominated the couch and rolled around on it as if she owned the place.
That's a perfectly normal part of life for me, but what happened next was a little different.
She fell asleep at some point, as if she pulled an all-nighter yesterday.
And now there's another problem.
Kagome: "Uuuun......"
She rolled over, and now my shirt is only barely covering her.
They look nice and fluffy, and they'll fall right out if it moves only three more centimeters. Not to mention her white thighs.
I stare at her with my legs crossed for a whole minute.
Akihito: "Hmm......"
She mentally violates me on a daily basis. I deserve to do this once in a while.
Kagome: "Nnn......! Nn, nhu......"
Akihito: "Mmm......!"
This is bad. Mostly for me.
Akihito: "I need to put something on her......"
Kagome: "Ah......stop......Akihito......!"
Akihito: "Uuuu!!"
The witch senses bloodlust. If I make a wrong move, she might wake up.
And if she does―――
The body in front of me is a trap in many ways. I don't think waking her up is a good idea. At least, not for me.
Akihito: "Never mind......"
But Kagome's body is too dangerous to leave alone.
She has a perfect hourglass figure and long smooth legs.
Kagome: "Hahu......! Nn, uhuu......"
Akihito: "Is she really asleep......?"
I swim through the crowds. The huge waves of people prove that this is a weekend. I fled the witch's cauldron into a peaceful city.
The witch is incredibly good at tempting human hearts, but she doesn't make your heart skip beats so much as she sends chills down your spine.
I have no idea what female quality causes men's hearts to skip beats, but it's important, and she unfortunately doesn't have it.
Ayaya: "Oya, is that an Akki-senpai I spy!?"
On the other hand, I'm not into minimalist bodies like hers either.
I'm a healthy boy. I like the sensual curves of long bewitching legs reaching up into important――
Ayaya: "Akki-senpai, is something the matter? You seem to be staring off into space......"
She crosses the street while waving her arms around after the signal turns green. A kouhai who's noisy three hundred and sixty five days of the year. Ayaya Enishi, or Ayaya for short.
Ayaya: "Ayaya wasn't expecting to meet you out here, Akki-senpai. We must be bound by the yellow handkerchief of destiny!"
She puts her hands together behind her hips and smiles.
Akihito: "Eni-kouhai, don't call me Akki."
Ayaya: "I thought having personal nicknames for each other would multiply our intimacy."
Ayaya: "Actually, Eni's not that great. Please call me Ayayan."
Akihito: "That's not so good either. How about Ayaeni?"
Ayaya: "That sounds like an incredibly epically long RPG!!"
Ayaya's a fun kouhai. I could easily kill an hour just talking to her.
Her chest has a lot of potential, having already achieved D, but her short body and perky attitude make her feel entirely non-sexual.
Ayaya: "So, Senpai......what brings you here today?"
Ayaya stands up straight and looks around cautiously.
She's worried Kagome might be nearby.
Akihito: "She's right behind―――"
Ayaya: "Gieeeh!?"
She leaps and goosebumps appear on her skin as if a big black bug flew by.
Akihito: "―――Guess that's a sore spot."
There's nothing behind Ayaya besides the usual crowds.
Ayaya: "Uu......! I've been tricked by the evil Senpai......!"
Akihito: "The terrifying witch isn't here today. Don't worry."
Ayaya: "Hmmmm, so that means......right now I can make out with Senpai as much as I want!"
Akihito: "If Akki-senpai permits it."
Ayaya: "Ugu, meanieee......you won't permit it?"
Akihito: "Don't cry, it's just a joke. I'm a lady-loving feminist."
Ayaya: "It'd be nice if you devoted deep affection toward a particular individual instead of loving all ladies in the world."
Akihito: "So you're saying I'm a......?"
Ayaya: "Demon......no, no. I mean, don't you want to attempt a date with yours truly since Tsundere-sama isn't here? Make your choice before the demon reappears!"
Akihito: "You're still saying demon."
Ayaya: "Oou!? It's a word hunt!!"
She replies with a comedic overreaction.
A date―――It's rare for Ayaya to explicitly invite me like that.
Akihito: "......what brought this on?"
A weekend date with a cute kouhai. It seems like an extremely profitable series of words......
Ayaya: "Teehee."
She smiles, plotting.
Akihito: "Is there anywhere that you wanted to go?"
Ayaya: "No, but I'm going to pick now."
Akihito: "Oh, this really was just an impulse decision. Okay, let's go."
Whether she planned this out or not, I doubt I'll get bored as long as she's around.
Ayaya: "Yay! Now I shall take your arm......"
Ayaya wraps her arm around mine.
Akihito: "Don't do anything too perverse in the public eye."
Ayaya: "Do you value your chastity?"
Akihito: "No, not that......"
Ayaya: "Uwa, you're such a womanizer."
Ayaya: "Anyway, since we're on a date now, I think we should get going if there aren't any problems!"
Ayaya clings to my arm. She feels more like a parrot on my shoulder than a date partner.
Akihito: "Whatever works."
Ayaya: "Forward march! To the paradise beyond the rainbow!"
Just as we start wandering aimlessly――
Mayuki: "Hafu! Hafu!"
A small silhouette runs just past us.
Akihito: "Huh? Wasn't that......"
Ayaya: "Do you know her?"
A familiar hat bounces up and down amidst the crowd. She's not very fast, but she's trying hard.
Mayuki: "Hafu! Hafu!"
I look harder, and it really is Mayuki.
Frog hat. Coke bottle glasses. Oversized jacket. Western boots.
She's running awkwardly, out of breath. That doesn't look like a morning jog.
Akihito: "That's definitely someone I know, but why is she running so fast......?"
Ayaya: "Should we follow?"
Akihito: "I kinda want to, but aren't we on a date?"
Ayaya: "Spontaneous events are the key to triggering heroine flags."
She summarizes her opinion with a full smile. I'm worried my kouhai's otaku level has been rising lately.
But more importantly―――
Mayuki: "Hafu! Hafu!"
She trips and falls forward――Then catches herself at the last second and stands back up like a rolling egg.
Akihito: "Hey, wait――"
Mayuki: "Hueh!? Howaaaaa!?"
The moment I say something to her, she flails her arms about and rushes off.
Akihito: "......the hell was that for?"
My hand simply hangs in the air.
Ayaya: "She ran away......she seemed really desperate though."
Akihito: "She probably just needs to use the bathroom or something. Still wanna follow her?"
Ayaya: "Let's use the pincer formation!"
Akihito: "Just follow her normally."
Kouhai is eager to begin the hunt.
Akihito: "......Kouhai, are you thinking something unwholesome?"
Ayaya: "...............a-absolutely not in the slightest!"
A strange pause. Ayaya shakes her hands in a hurry.
Akihito: "I don't believe you."
Ayaya: "You should! Ayaya is always Senpai's loyal servant! My loyalty stat is maxed out!!"
Akihito: "Not good enough. I definitely saw some malicious intent in your eyes a moment ago."
Ayaya: "I must rethink everything......"
Akihito: "Huhun, you won't be stealing my chastity any time soon."
Ayaya: "Are you saying Ayaya's ayayan body's specs are insufficient!?"
Akihito: "Rethink the internals, not the body, then try it again."
Ayaya: "Unyuuu......someday a fully-tuned Ayaya will knock your socks off."
Akihito: "I won't be holding my breath."
This enjoyable kouhai doesn't make my heart skip beats either.
I have no idea what female quality causes men's hearts to skip beats, but it's important, and she unfortunately doesn't have it.
Mayuki: "Hafu! Hafu!"
That's not to say I have any interest in kids like her though.
I'm a healthy boy. I like the sensual curves of long bewitching legs reaching up into important――
Mayuki seems well-built though. Why does she wear such terrible clothes all of the time? Even Benio has told her that it's a waste.
Mayuki: "Hafu! Hafu!"
Look, her chest doesn't move an inch even as she runs. I'm not into that, but some people value these aerodynamically flat bodies.
Not that I'd do this, but if she wore one of my white shirts, people who are into that would probably take tons of pictures.
Mayuki: "Hafu! Hafu!"
Akihito: "............wait, isn't that Mayuki?"
It really is Mayuki running past me. She holds her glasses to keep them from falling off, shoving the crowds aside and gasping for breath.
Ayaya: "Oooou? Do you know her?"
Mayuki: "Hafu! Hafu!"
She's not really sprinting so much as staggering.
She doesn't seem to know I'm here, so she must be focused. That doesn't look like a morning jog.
Akihito: "Hey, wait."
Mayuki: "Hueh!? Howaaaaa!?"
The moment I say something to her, she flails her arms about and rushes off.
Akihito: "Why did she run?"
My hand simply hangs in the air.
Ayaya: "Did something terrible happen?"
Akihito: "If you're right, we can't just ignore this."
Ayaya: "Eh? Huh? But, what if she just needs the bathroom......?"
Akihito: "So, I need to go chase the chibi, and we can't date today."
Ayaya: "You used her to turn me down!?"
I run away, leaving Ayaya in shock. Mayuki's pretty slow, so it should be easy to catch her.
I'm half-grateful, and half-curious.
Akihito: "Here we gooo!"
Ayaya: "W-w-w-wait up!"
Akihito: "Where'd she go?"
Ayaya: "That way!"
She points to an alleyway behind the crowds.
Akihito: "Thanks, Kouhai."
Mayuki's slow, but she's tiny. If it wasn't for that tasteless frog hat she could hide in these crowds easily.
Akihito: "Hey, wait up!"
I follow her around the corner.
Mayuki: "Ugyuuu!"
Ayaya: "Ayayaya!?"
I hear a strange noise from my feet when I rush into the narrow alley.I move my leg to discover Mayuki flattened on the ground.
Mayuki: "Ow! You're heavy! Why would you step on a girl!?"
Akihito: "Owa! Sorry!"
Akihito: "But girls don't normally sleep out here."
Mayuki stands up and brushes herself off.
Mayuki: "Hafu......the world is wrong to force an indoor girl to exercise so much."
Mayuki: "Exercise is for jocks perpetually high on their brain chemicals secreted from needlessly sweaty outdoor activity that makes them grunt like animals!"
Ayaya: "That was really unfair to jocks."
She seems pretty energetic despite having fallen over.
Akihito: "Fortunately, none of us are jocks, but don't yell at me. I'm not the one who made you run."
Mayuki: "It's fine, I'm just complaining at whoever's closest."
Akihito: "Hey."
Ayaya: "I can respect people who are honest about that."
Akihito: "So, what brings an indoor girl like Mayuki-san out here sprinting at the top of her lungs?"
What she said implies someone was giving her a reason to run away.
Mayuki: "――Wait, that's right! I almost lost them, but then you went and blew it, Akihito-san!"
Ayaya: "So you were running away?"
Akihito: "From who?"
This is sounding really fishy.
Mayuki: "Ah!"
Mayuki turns around, sensing their presence. Noisy footsteps approach us, and silhouettes appear around the corner.
???: "There you aaaare!!"
She brandishes claws like a vengeful spirit.
Judging by her voice, it must be a girl. More footsteps follow behind her, so she has friends. 
Her voice is so loud she clearly doesn't care if anyone hears her, and that makes her sound all the more serious. They plan on capturing Mayuki, no matter what the cost.
―――What did she do?
Mayuki: "Run for it!"
Akihito: "O-okay!"
Ayaya: "Oooou!?"
Mayuki runs in the opposite direction of the vengeful spirit, so hard I wouldn't be surprised if she starts bleeding.
Mayuki: "I will escape you! Now is the time for my true power to shine!!"
Akihito: "Not much of a power."
We catch up to her in no time.
Mayuki: "How......y-you're so fast!"
Akihito: "More like you're really slow."
Ayaya: "You are slow."
Ayaya skips up to us, only a few steps behind.
Mayuki: "I――......really am...meant to be indoors......hafu!"
Akihito: "What the hell did you do? Is this bad?"
Ayaya: "Who's chasing you anyway~!?"
Mayuki: "Hafu! Hafu! ......l-later......!"
Mayuki looks like a zombie, but she won't stop running. I hear zombies can run these days, but Mayuki-chan's pretty bad at it.
She really has no stamina at all, even for a girl.
Mayuki: "Huhi! Hahui, hihihi......!"
Akihito: "Geez......Mayuki, take my hand!"
I can't ask her why she's running until we get away.
Mayuki: "Hoheh?"
Mayuki waves from side to side as I grab her.
Her leg almost twists from the acceleration as I pull her upward.
Mayuki: "Uwawa, you're stretching my arm out!"
Ayaya: "Extreme yoga?"
Akihito: "Fine, stretch! Now stop moving your mouth more than your legs!"
Mayuki: "Aau, aau, it hurts, it hurts, it's coming off, stop it!"
Akihito: "Aaah, fine......there!"
Mayuki: "Owa!?"
I yank her toward me and pick her up with both arms.
Mayuki: "Wawawawa, this is...this pose is......!!"
Commonly referred to as the "princess" hold.
Mayuki's as light as a toy when I hold her. This is much easier than dragging her along.
Mayuki: "Mm, muuuu......"
Akihito: "Isn't this easier on you too?"
Mayuki: "It is......but it's a bit embarrassing."
The tiny Mayuki fits snugly in my arms. Maybe this is what a little sister feels like.
I don't really mind holding her, but that might be why she's blushing and looking so awkward right now.
Ayaya: "Aau, I'm jealous......"
Akihito: "Now, where to go――"
For now I'll try to stick to deserted streets so I can gain some more distance.
Akihito: "You're really light."
Ayaya: "She hasn't had her growth spurt yet."
Mayuki: "Call me sprout girl."
Akihito: "That's a terrible superhero name."
Mayuki: "Actually, that's the literal English translation of the slang term moyashikko, and it's already become a popular term in the west."
Akihito: "Eh? Really?"
Mayuki: "No."
Akihito: "You............!"
I can't see our pursuers anymore, so we must have lost them. If we pass through the parking lot behind the station and get into the residential district, we should be safe.
Akihito: "They say lying leads to stealing."
Mayuki: "They also say life is hard if you can't spot a simple lie."
She's getting used to being carried, so now she's back to quibbling.
She chuckles elegantly as I carry her like a princess.
Akihito: "Kouhai, say something."
Ayaya: "Ummmm......Ayaya wants to be picked up next!"
Akihito: "Never mind."
Ayaya: "Eeeh?"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, please move your legs rather than your mouth."
Akihito: "Y-you............!"
A lying princess in my arms and a useless kouhai behind me. We rush out into the empty weekend parking lot.
====================真雪02 押し掛け厨がやってきた_0604.json====================
―――It was watching.
From the depths of vast darkness, through every eye and ear it could reach, it watches. Possibly listens.
To it, those are the same thing.
Everything it sees and hears has no meaning. Right and left are the same. Yesterday and tomorrow are the same.
It lies still at the nameless "center." There's nothing but darkness around, but it knows it's in the center.
It's like a cage. It's like a womb.
No one has named it yet.
Whispering voices. One, two, three......
They multiply like ripples in the water. They multiply. They multiply.
Five hundred? A thousand? Even more?There's a light for each voice.
Time just passes. Like a dream.
―――It was watching.
From the depths of vast darkness, through every eye and ear it could reach, it looks inside. Possibly outside.
To it, those are the same thing.
Time just passes. Like a dream.
If you want to hide a tree, put it in a forest.If you want to hide a person, put her in a crowd.
I don't know who's after her, but they can't do anything too crazy with people watching.
We rush through the parking lot into a residential area, and then come back into the city again.
I finally stop to sit down and catch my breath. We're in front of a tenant building aimed at young people just north of the city center.
Mayuki: "I'm alive...I didn't die......I can't believe I got a glimpse of heaven at such a young age."
Akihito: "Okay, now that we're done running......"
Akihito: "This is Yuubana Mayuki. She's an indoor person who's good with computers."
Mayuki: "Hello."
Akihito: "This is Ayaya Enishi. She's a kind kouhai who cares about her senpai."
Ayaya: "Hello."
Ayaya takes Mayuki's hand and shakes it up, down, left, and right. Mayuki's head shakes around like a bobble-head.
Mayuki: "Thank you for making me sound like a freak."
Akihito: "You're welcome......by the way, Kouhai."
Ayaya: "What is it, Senpai?"
Akihito: "The kind-hearted Mizuwa Akihito is tired after all that running, so he would appreciate a drink. Go buy one."
Ayaya looks stunned as I hand her some change.
Mayuki: "The kind-hearted Akihito-san makes ladies do his dirty work."
Akihito: "Not really. Ayaya cares deeply about her Senpai, so she'd do that even if I didn't ask her to."
Akihito: "I only said it out loud to give you a headstart on figuring out our telepathy. Right, Ayaya-kun?"
Ayaya: "Telepathic conversations......that tastes just like a ripe newlywed couple! I shall buy you a drink posthaste!"
She looks like she has a fever or something.
Akihito: "Wait, you don't have to run. We just spent the last several minutes doing that. Take your time. We aren't going anywhere."
Ayaya: "Such natural concern......! Ayaya will gladly accept your love! Off I go!"
She spins around and waves to me with a full smile, then runs off as if trying to break the world record for the 100 meter sprint.
Around here, the nearest vending machine is probably in a convenience store. She'll take at least five minutes.
Akihito: "――Now then."
I lean toward Mayuki's ear.
Mayuki: "You paid her to leave? Quite the villain, aren't you?"
Akihito: "Stop insinuating things......so what the hell was that?"
I stop for a moment and look around.
Akihito: "......it's not coμ-related, is it?"
The Coμnet has been very quiet ever since Jack the Ripper got taken care of, but you never know when something new might start up.
Mayuki: "I see, you didn't want Ayaya-san to hear that......don't worry, it's nothing like that."
Akihito: "Phew, that's a relief. So what is――"
The pedestrians part like the Red Sea. Moses comes rushing toward us from the other side.
Ayaya: "I bought iiiiiiiiiit! Haa, haa, haa, haa, haa, haa, haa, haa!"
Akihito: "You didn't have to be that fast."
Ayaya: "I-I ran......! As hard......as I could......haa, haa, haa......!"
Mayuki: "I see what you mean about her."
Akihito: "Yeah, she's always like this."
She's so sweaty now, it's ridiculous.
Ayaya came back a lot faster than expected, but since I know this has nothing to do with avatars, it shouldn't be a problem.
I take the drink Ayaya chose for me and we continue talking.
Akihito: "So who were those people chasing you?"
I pat Kouhai's head.
Ayaya: "Haa, haa......nuu, nuu......ah, those people?"
Mayuki raises an eyebrow, then shrugs her shoulders.
Mayuki: "They're stalkers."
Ayaya: "S-stalkers?"
Mayuki: "Yes."
Mayuki's answer is scary, but not at all in the way I expected.
Akihito: "That does sound bad."
Mayuki: "Technically "stalker" isn't the most accurate word. Doujin circles refer to them as "oshikakechuu," which sort of means "overly helpful fans.""
Akihito: "Overly helpful?"
Ayaya: "That also sounds bad."
Mayuki: "Yes. They come in herds."
Akihito: "Are they dangerous?"
Mayuki: "They are."
I still don't get it.
But judging by Ayaya's reaction, this must be a bad thing.
Akihito: "So, why are these stalker fan things chasing you, Mayuki? And what makes them different from regular stalkers?"
Mayuki: "Hmmm, in that case I will have to reveal my greatest secret......!"
Ayaya: "S-secret......!?"
Mayuki: "Huhuhuhu......"
Mayuki raises one finger as she smiles eerily.
Ayaya: "Y-you're like a cartoon supervillain......"
Ayaya gulps, playing along.
Mayuki: "I am part of a very special group of people that works to develop a very particular product."
Akihito: "That sounds really fishy."
Mayuki: "We implant special devices into the human body until they form weapon-grade――"
Akihito: "That's just sci-fi!!"
Ayaya: "Evil secret societies!!"
Mayuki: "......actually, we just write stories about that stuff."
Ayaya: "Eeeeeeeeeh!?"
Akihito: "You had us going......"
Mayuki: "Of course that stuff isn't real. You two are so gullible."
Akihito: "You......!"
Mayuki loves toying with people.
Her technique is flawless. Whenever she does it, she sounds perfectly casual and harmless. I feel like if I complain about it she'll only start doing it more.
Mayuki: "Have you heard of "Acceptor?""
Ayaya: ""I will accept this destiny!"Yes, I know all about that!"
Ayaya immediately strikes a heroic pose.
Akihito: "......it's new to me."
Mayuki: "I guess an inactive, hobby-less person like Akihito-san wouldn't know about such things."
Akihito: "......not that. Isn't this a really niche thing?"
Mayuki: "If you're asking whether it's major or minor, I'm pretty sure it's fairly well-known these days."
Ayaya: "No, no, it's absolutely huge! Come on, Senpai, even Benio-san has a strap from it."
Akihito: "......oh, that's what that was?"
She did have a strap with a logo I didn't recognize. So this thing's big enough to have merchandise.
Mayuki: "Exactly. It started out as a thread on a huge anonymous image board about making up heroes that special effects people might be interested in making――"
The conversation is growing ever farther away from the original stalker issue.
Ayaya: "At first, it was a joke with a bunch of absurd ideas, but before they knew it, they had multiple chapters and a theme song and other stuff, all from anonymous contributors――"
Mayuki: "Then some people gathered it all together and made a visual novel out of it, and the result has a big cult following online."
Akihito: "You just called it a cult. Is it huge or not?"
Akihito: "Well, anyway, why does any of this stuff matter?"
Mayuki: "It matters because I, Yuubana Mayuki, am one of the authors of Acceptor."
Ayaya: "Oooooh!"
Akihito: "Right. You can't fool me that easily every time."
Ayaya: "Oooooh?"
Mayuki: "Aaah, Akihito-san, it's so sad not being able to trust people."
Akihito: "Y-you......"
She looks at me with pity. She's always telling white lies but then complains the moment I stop trusting her. She's never going to grow up into a respectable citizen.
Mayuki: "Well, I don't mind if you don't believe me. I can show you sources later. For now――"
She lowers her voice. We crouch down beside her.
Mayuki: "There are a lot of people working on Acceptor, and most of our names and faces aren't publicly known."
Mayuki: "That includes semi-professionals, ordinary students, salarymen, housewives, everyone――"
Mayuki: "Even professionals using aliases. Of course, there are also talented NEETs who should be making more of themselves."
Ayaya: "I've even heard an eloping idol is helping out!"
Akihito: "The internet is a vast ocean."
Mayuki glances toward Ayaya and smiles.
Mayuki: "There are some very strange and bizarre fish in the deeper parts of the ocean."
Mayuki: "Some perverts, some self-righteous types, some dangerous people, and some who simply cannot be reasoned with......"
Akihito: "And that's who was chasing you?"
Mayuki: "They're plagued with delusions incomprehensible to normal people. They have boundless confidence but no actual ability. They'll inexplicably divebomb the creators of their favorite works――"
Mayuki: "Which is just a nuisance for us, even though they seem to think that they're helping."
So......it's some kind of overly passionate fan?
It sounds like the sort of thing you hear about athletes and entertainers dealing with all the time, but I guess these days even people writing stuff on the internet have these problems......the world's doomed.
Akihito: "I thought those crazy types only turned up around really famous people."
Ayaya: "Not at all~"
Ayaya raises an eyebrow as if she knows all about this.
Mayuki: "You can't be a crazy fan without boundless confidence that what you're doing makes sense."
Mayuki: "An individual author on the internet feels less formal. They feel closer to you. So it's easier to think you understand them."
Akihito: "Guess I shouldn't write a blog anytime soon."
If she's right, maybe this is a bigger problem for nobodies than celebrities.
But still......they must have some kind of reason to chase after her.
If they just want her autograph or a handshake, she could just do it and that'd be the end of it.
But Mayuki's running all across town. Even being hunted down and nearly killed by avatars never made her look so desperate. What nightmarish act must they plan on subjecting her to?
Akihito: "So what are they after? Do they want you to do something?"
Mayuki: "They think we should work together. Something about if we join forces we'll get super popular and go mainstream in no time."
Akihito: "What's wrong with that?"
Mayuki: "They think we should start living together immediately so we can understand each other better in order to ensure a productive creative process in the future. By the way, I've never spoken to either of them before."
Akihito: "......yeah, that does sound bad."
Ayaya: "Human relationships are so hard."
Everyone interprets the world differently.
Interpretations that motivate lots of people get called religions. Interpretations that no one shares get called delusions.
No matter how ridiculous your interpretation, there's nothing stopping you from accepting it yourself.
Mayuki: "I turned them down, of course. I chose my words carefully, as if defusing a bomb."
Ayaya: "And then?"
Mayuki: "They went nuts."
Ayaya: "Aaah......"
If they got Mayuki to do exercise, they must've been scary.
――Baseless confidence that they can make something popular together.――Asking to move in with someone who's never met them before.
I'm sure it's a perfectly logical course of action in their minds, but it doesn't make a bit of sense to me.
Mayuki: "They talk like this......ahem."
She massages her throat and her eyes change. She's going to perform for us. Virtual reality, on.
Mayuki: "Yuki-san, you don't understand the laws that make certain works of art a big hit!!!! Yuki-san, we're sure to make such wonderful creations if we only work together!!!!"
Mayuki: "Yuki-san, if we team up, our talents will harmonize and produce a masterwork hundreds of times better than we could alone like a miracle!! You want this as much as we do, Yuki-san!!!!"
Ayaya: "S-scary......"
Akihito: "That's terrifying."
Mayuki: "Isn't it?"
Akihito: "They're basically cult members."
Ayaya: "Internet anonymity is a strange thing."
Mayuki: "Typical reactions."
The internet is convenient, but also dangerous.
It could be more dangerous than any other tool if used the wrong way.
Mayuki: "Now, let me show you some more tangible proof that these people are terrifying, and that I'm one of the authors."
Mayuki reaches into her pocket and takes something out.
――A cell phone-sized mobile terminal.
Akihito: "The hell? ......your parents must be loaded."
Text: Hijiri ☆Ra: "Yuki-san, pleased to meet you~☆☆☆☆☆~ I'm Hijiri ☆Ra (Seira)! The star is read "sei!" *sweat drop*"
I feel dizzy.
Akihito: "............this is terrible!"
Mayuki: "Isn't it?"
This is far beyond just making typos or being inconsistent with punctuation.
But it's so bad, I kind of want to see more.
Text: Hijiri ☆Ra: "I'm a huge fan of your work, Yuki-san! Your work, I dunno, it just has such thought-provoking depth it makes the bottom of my heart go pling☆ and maxes my excitement at 120%!"
Akihito: "............can I stop now?"
Ayaya: "What does "pling" mean......?"
Mayuki: "You can skip over this part."
Akihito: "I thank you for your kindness."
Mayuki: "'Twas nothing."
I skim through the stupidly long text as I scroll down. I think I'd get ill if I tried to read it all.
Akihito: "Hmm......she really is a babbler."
The ancient Greeks referred to people who didn't speak their language as "balbaloi" or "babblers."
Over time that word changed into "barbarian," and was used to denote savage tribes.
Of course, the barbarians had a language of their own, so the Greeks were just being self-centered.
There is a possibility that ☆Ra can actually hold a conversation with her friends like this.
Ayaya: "But she's probably completely serious about all of this."
Mayuki: "Which is what makes this so hard."
The text confirms Mayuki's story. It's just a far longer version with no new information.
Plus, every last piece of this text is focused on ☆Ra. There isn't a shred of legitimate concern for whether Mayuki wants this or not.
Next is her reply.
Text: Mayuki: "☆Ra-san, I appreciate the offer, but I only write as a personal hobby, so I have to turn down your offer to collaborate."
Akihito: "You're surprisingly polite."
Mayuki: "That's just normal."
And then the response from ☆.
Text: Hijiri ☆Ra: "It's all right! ☆Ra is on your side, Yuki-san. I can cook for you so you have more time to work on writing!! I'm really good at making instant fried rice☆"
Akihito: "Instant?"
Ayaya: "This is so bad~"
Mayuki: "I don't know why she thinks it's all right."
Text: Hijiri ☆Ra: "Don't be modest, Yuki-san! Get all your stuff together so we can start churning things out!!!! I know☆ We'll need two computers to write together! I'll send them to you later!"
Ayaya: "Did she?"
Mayuki: "I paid to have them shipped back."
Akihito: "......hey, why do they know where you live?"
She hasn't even told me her address before.
Mayuki: "I've always been careful about my information, but they must've seen me attending some event and followed me home."
Akihito: "Scary."
Mayuki: "Right?"
Ayaya: "What events are you talking about?"
Mayuki: "............"
Mayuki: "You probably know this already, Ayaya-san, but when you buy all the new items on the day of release, you're entered in a raffle, and a hundred names are chosen to receive limited edition merchandise."
Ayaya: "Oooooooooh, I know, I remember that. Those limited edition straps were so nice~"
They connect through a world that I've never visited.
Akihito: "Still......"
I lament that text message. I have to admit, I underestimated how bad this was.
It looks vaguely like Japanese, but it's clearly an alien language.
There are always insurmountable gaps between yourself and others, but sometimes they can be shockingly huge.
Mayuki has made a valiant effort to fight off this extraterrestrial creature.
Mayuki: "Unfortunately, I can't ask the police for help, since all they've done is stop by my apartment......"
Ayaya: "Hmmmm."
Akihito: "But we can't just leave this alone, can we?"
Mayuki tilts her head. So do I.
Our eyes meet at a forty-five degree angle.
......what do we do?
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, do you live alone?"
Akihito: "No matter what happens, you can't stay at my place."
Mayuki: "I didn't even ask yet!"
Akihito: "If you were a little older, my feminist nature might have kicked in, but I don't adopt little kids."
Mayuki: "If you weren't nice to adult women you'd have no value as a human being, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "That's the only thing I'm good for!?"
Akihito: "......well, jokes aside, would staying at my place even solve the problem?"
If it was a storm we could wait for it to pass, but this is more like a lengthy siege.
There will be more texts eventually, and they'll whittle away at our mental health.
Akihito: "Even if these guys go home, it's not like you can just disappear from the internet, right?"
Akihito: "What do we do next time they show up? Stay at my place every time?"
Just running away from people this persistent might make things worse later.
Mayuki: "W-we have no way of knowing if they'll even come back. Can't we worry about that when it happens......?"
Ayaya: "Th-that's unacceptable! I cannot allow any more girls to stay with Senpai!"
I ignore the "any more" part.
Akihito: "Mayu-Mayu, you're still a girl. Should you really be asking guys to let you stay with them?"
Ayaya: "You've let tons of other girls stay."
I ignore that too, of course.
Mayuki: "Would having me around make you finally lose control, even though you've been holding it in with all the other girls?"
Mayuki deliberately puts her hands to her chest and bends her legs......it's kind of annoying.
Akihito: "Ha! I am no lolicon. Why would I have any interest in your prepubescent body?"
Mayuki: "Wh-wha――!? But they're larger than last year! Akihito-san, how can I be sure that you don't just have something shameful in your room!? Like a life sized blow-up doll wearing nothing but a shirt!"
Nothing but a shirt――Dangerous images of Kagome flash through my mind.
Akihito: "............uu!"
Mayuki: "...............eh?"
Mayuki's taken aback by my strange pause.
Akihito: "N-no, it's not like that."
Mayuki: ".................."
Ayaya: "But there is someone there wearing nothing but a shirt......"
Akihito: "Please try not to make things any more confusing, Kouhai."
Akihito: "A-anyway! That's beside the point! The problem still hasn't been solved!"
Mayuki: "Pervert......"
Akihito: "Keep it up and I won't help you with the stalkers."
Mayuki: "You were going to?"
Akihito: "If I felt like it."
Mayuki: "Akihito-san is a kind-hearted gentleman. A gentleman named pervert."
Akihito: "What did you say?"
Mayuki: "No! Akihito-san's conduct is perfectly respectable."
Ayaya: "You've hooked Mayuki-chan now."
Akihito: "Did you say something, Kouhai-kun?"
Ayaya: "No! I have not spoken a word, Senpai."
Mayuki: "In that case, Sir, instead of a bribe, how about I treat you to a salmon meal with miso soup on the side?"
Akihito: "Hmmm......"
She may be in the bourgeoisie, but it's hard to imagine she can pay for other people's dinner that easily.
She's really making an effort here.
Akihito: "All right. I'll take you up on that offer."
Mayuki prostrates herself.
She's small, but she is a girl. This is a strange situation, but I can't pretend I don't see the problem.
We're a coμ. We live and die as one, because we're connected by the steel power of an avatar.
Anything that affects one of our members will affect everyone else to some degree.
That's already a good enough reason to help her, but she's also offering to pay for a meal.
I have no reason to refuse.
Mayuki lives at a perfectly ordinary apartment. It doesn't have an autolock, but it does feel a little lonely.
Akihito: "I'd like to wrap this up peacefully, if possible, so I think we need to learn more about who we're dealing with."
They appear to be two girls, so we have to stay passive for now. If we make a move they can just call the cops on us.
Mayuki: "Then let us surround and observe them."
We poke our heads out around the corner.
Ayaya: "Mmm, is that her?"
Akihito: "Uwa, they're lying in wait......"
There's two people loitering around the front of the building.
Their clothes are so pink it has to be a joke. I'm told the one monstrously consuming potato chips is the fabled "☆Ra."
☆Ra: "Aaaah, why won't Yuki-san come hoooome!?"
☆Ra: "I brought so many snacks for Yuki-san to eat~ I wanna talk to Yuki-san about Acceptor! I wanna! I wanna!"
It's hard to listen to.
And opposite her――
The other one has incredibly frayed jeans. Apparently her alias is Bluewillow Kasuka.
Kasuka: "I have a high opinion of her work too, but......I cannot respect her being so dismissive of you, ☆Ra. We'll have to give her a piece of our minds when she gets back!"
She's just as bad. Are these two trying to sound like bad actors?
☆Ra: "Yuki-san's just embarrassed! You know, she's never seen us before and all~☆"
Kasuka: "You are so forgiving. I wish I could be as innocent as you, ☆Ra――――"
......now I'm feeling chills.
Akihito: "Hey, Mayuki, are you sure they didn't come from another planet to protect Earth from something?"
Mayuki: "Who knows. Perhaps our lives are at peace only because of the battles they fight in the darkness......or something."
Ayaya: "Maybe they're fighting off demons."
Now I'm afraid of the possibility that they think they really are.
Akihito: "At this rate, the landlord might call the cops for us."
Mayuki: "Aaah......that is true, but that might be bad. I don't want to make a big deal out of this."
Ayaya: "I know what you mean. Things can get really messy once cops are involved."
Akihito: "Then it might be really hard to get rid of these two quietly."
What if I ran at them shouting some creepy noise like "Kieeeee!"?
Maybe pull out our trump card, the avatar? I have a feeling that's only going to make things worse.
Akihito: "Aaah, Ayaya-kun."
Ayaya: "What is it, Senpai?"
Akihito: "This is dangerous. You should go home."
Ayaya: "Wh-whaaaaaaat!? You want to exclude Ayaya and only Ayaya from the upcoming battle!?"
I doubt she'd help much.
Plus, Ayaya's the type to dive headfirst into trouble. I don't want this situation to get any more complicated.
Akihito: "Quiet! Quiet! What if they have a knife or something......?"
Ayaya: "If that's true, then they'll get a taste of the Ayaya Justice Fist!"
Akihito: "That sounds like a 2D fighting game."
Ayaya: "That's exactly what I was imagining when I said it!"
Akihito: "So you're into that too............"
Justice Fist......what if I start to get influenced by these balbaloi? I look toward Mayuki for assistance.
Mayuki: "......what's the problem? If you can deal with this non-violently then Ayaya-san shouldn't cause any problems."
What makes you so sure I can?
Ayaya: "Oooh! I knew you'd understand, Mayuki-chan!"
Akihito: "Okay, fine, fine."
Akihito: "Just don't do anything dangerous, okay? If they start acting weird, call 119 right away. That's your job."
Ayaya: "Copy that! Ayaya Enishi will perform her job valiantly!"
She salutes me. She's worried about us too, but that's why she tends to charge into things she shouldn't.
Oh well, it should be fine. It's not like we'll be fighting another avatar or anything.
Then, Mayuki tugs on my sleeve.
Mayuki: "Umm......"
Akihito: "What is it?"
Mayuki: "Please, don't get the police involved......I really want this dealt with quietly."
Akihito: "There some reason you don't want them around?"
Akihito: "......is there?"
Mayuki: "Not in particular, it's just......"
Ayaya: "Mm-hmm?"
Akihito: "?"
Mayuki looks slightly embarrassed.
Mayuki: "Those two......they have a lot of problems, but we are still fans of the same work......"
Akihito: "Eh............?"
I'm shocked, as if the world just ended.
Mayuki: "Wh-what does that reaction mean!?"
Akihito: "I mean, Mayu-Mayu, you not wanting to hurt people you have a vague connection to? That just seems surprising."
I can't help but smirk a bit.
Ayaya: "Oooooh, Mayuki-chan's a good girl!!"
Mayuki: "You're laughing at me! You're ridiculing me!"
Akihito: "Huhu! But really, if it's that bad, then I'll handle it. I thought you were colder than that."
Mayuki: "That is extremely rude!"
Ayaya: "Good girl, good girl. Senpai might be a slight pervert but he's resolved several of Ayaya's problems in the past. You have nothing to worry about."
Ayaya strokes her head, making Mayuki even angrier.
Mayuki: "Don't treat me like a child!"
She looks exactly like a child. It's kind of cute.
Akihito: "No, hahaha, she's complimenting you, huhuhuhu."
Mayuki: "Uu, uuuuu! Gabu!"
She suddenly bites my hand.
Akihito: "Owww!?"
Her canines dig into me.
Akihito: "Ow! Stop biting me!"
Mayuki: "*chew* *chew!*"
Akihito: "That fucking hurts! Get off of me!"
I tug on her cheek, tearing her off of me. There are visible red tooth marks on my hand. They sting.
Mayuki: "Fuuu!"
Mayuki tries to act threatening, kinda like a cat.
Akihito: "Calm down. If you keep making noise, they'll notice we're here."
Mayuki: "Auu......it's your fault for hurting a girl's pure heart, Akihito-san! And you, Ayaya-san!"
Ayaya: "It was a compliment~"
Akihito: "Sorry, sorry, I shouldn't have laughed. As an apology, I'll try talking to them now."
Mayuki's still targeting my hand, so I hold her head down as I peek around the corner at the stalkers.
Good, they didn't hear us.
Akihito: "Nothing to worry about."
Mayuki: "Uuu......anyway, please keep things quiet."
Ayaya: "Please give 'em a piece of your mind!"
Akihito: "That's the plan."
Akihito: "Mayuki, you stay here. I'm guessing they'll freak out when they see you."
Mayuki: "Are you sure you're okay by yourself......?"
Akihito: "Just leave it to Gentleman Akihito."
Mayuki: "Understood. If it goes wrong, I'll just run away with Ayaya-san."
Akihito: "You're not making me want to help you."
Mayuki: "That was a joke."
Akihito: "I know."
Ayaya: "Senpai, good luck!"
Akihito: "Thanks."
Now, hopefully they speak Japanese......
====================真雪03 バルバロイとの戦い.json====================
☆Ra: "Mmm~ These chips are delish~☆ Want some, Kasuka-chan? They're amazing!"
Kasuka: "I don't eat boring human snacks......but if you think so highly of them ☆Ra, perhaps――"
☆Ra: "Yeah yeah yeah yeah! Okay, Kasuka-chan, open up! Bigger! Say aaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Akihito: "Hey."
I greet them as casually as possible. I try not to be overly polite since that might sound like I'm belittling them.
Kasuka: "☆Ra, get behind me......who are you?"
Akihito: "You don't have to get all tense. I'm just a friend of Ma――......of Yuki-san."
Why do they keep talking like this is some kind of act? We really don't see the world the same way.
☆Ra: "Yuki-san!? Where is she?"
Akihito: "Not right now. Yuki asked me to come talk to you guys in her place."
Kasuka: "Can you prove that she asked you to come here?"
They're already making this complicated.
Akihito: "Prove? I know Yuki's name, and I know you're here to see her. Doesn't that count?"
Kasuka: "Hmph......very well."
Kasuka makes a show of pushing her glasses up. ☆Ra looks like she wants to lunge at me.
Akihito: "Okay......"
At this rate, we won't even be able to talk.
When counselors have to talk to people like this, usually they start by getting the person to talk before trying to reason with them.
People who won't listen to others sometimes love to talk about themselves.
The first step toward communication is bringing up a topic that they care about.
Akihito: "I hear you guys came out here to help Yuki with her writing, right?"
☆Ra: "That's right! We're going to work with Yuki-san and get her to write even more wonderful amazing stories!"
Kasuka: "Don't misunderstand. I'm only helping ☆Ra."
☆Ra: "Come on, Kasuka-chan, even you said Yuki-san's stuff was really good~☆"
Kasuka: "Ha――――!"
Akihito: "Okay, okay, but I've seen the texts. Yuki said she wants to work by herself, right?"
☆Ra: "That's just Yuki-san being modest~ She never gives herself enough credit!"
Kasuka: "☆Ra's offering to help her. What could be better for her? Why would she ever refuse such an offer?"
Akihito: "Umm, she's probably too nice to say this, so I'll have to say it for her, but――"
I hesitate a little before finishing. Even these guys might get hurt if I say it too bluntly.
But this is a lot like a love confession. Leaving things vague is only going to get everyone hurt more in the long run.
☆Ra: "What is it~? *crunch* *crunch* *crunch* *crunch*"
After she started eating potato chips in the middle of our conversation, my hesitation vanishes.
Akihito: "Yuki doesn't want your help. You're bothering her. So please go home."
Kasuka: "What!?"
☆Ra: "Wh-what are you saying~!?"
They immediately freak out.
Kasuka's been in a sort of fighting stance for a while, but now she clenches her fists and takes a step toward me.
☆Ra: "How can you say such a thing? Where's Yuki-san? Where is she!?"
☆Ra: "Kasuka-chan, this man's crazy!! There's something wrong with him!!"
Kasuka: "You――Why are you trying to ruin us!?"
Uwa. We're speaking the same language, but this isn't even a conversation anymore.
The extraterrestrials' eyes are turning red with anger. Maybe if I blow a whistle they'll run back to the forest.
Akihito: "I'm not trying to trick you or ruin you and Yuki's not being modest. Those are all just selfish delusions you two are inventing! Isn't it normal to say no when strangers ask to live with you out of the blue!?"
I'm getting forceful, but out of respect for Mayuki I do my best not to sound violent.
For a few seconds, the Kasuka & ☆Ra duo goes quiet.
Then, another few seconds pass――☆Ra's face and body turns crimson with rage. The demon king cometh.
☆Ra: "Wh-wha――!? But I'm offering to work with Yuki-san because we're sure to make something better together! There's no way Yuki-san wouldn't want that, you con artist!!"
Kasuka: "You've revealed your true colors now. I knew this cretin was here to prevent Yuki and ☆Ra from collaborating! Vile beast!"
☆Ra waves her arms around as if pedalling a bicycle. Kasuka holds out a cheap, lame pendant and strikes a cool pose.
―――Are these two serious? Really?
☆Ra: "You demon!!"
Kasuka: "That's right, this is a demon! Return to darkness!!"
☆Ra: "Begone at once~!! We're already calling the cops!!"
Kasuka: "Yes! Accept your punishment!"
Akihito: "Wh-why......!?"
I want to shout "I should be the one calling the cops!" but then someone taps my shoulder.
Mayuki: "Tap out, Akihito-san."
I turn around, and Mayuki has an extremely unnatural smile on her face.
Akihito: "Mayuki......"
Ayaya's here too. She looks like she's trying to hide behind Mayuki's tiny body.
Akihito: "I told you to stay hidden."
Mayuki: "I came out because you're not getting anywhere."
She's right about that, but......
☆Ra: "It's Yuki-saaaan!!"
Kasuka: "Mmm......you're here."
Mayuki: "Hello."
She bows slightly.
Akihito: "............mm!?"
The balbaloi combo overreacts.
They almost leap onto Mayuki, so I stand in the way to defend her. I feel like an idol's agent.
☆Ra: "Why'd you send this con artist!? How can you tell us to go home after we came all this way to help you with your work, Yuki-san!?"
Kasuka: "You should stop hanging out with this trash immediately. Or is he blackmailing you?"
Seriously, what the hell is going on in their heads? If they were guys, even I might've punched them by now.
Mayuki: "Haven't you made the situation even worse?"
Mayuki whispers in my ear.
Akihito: "............we were busy negotiating when you popped out and made further discourse impossible, Mayu-Mayu."
I don't want to admit defeat, so I half-jokingly try to blame it on her.
Mayuki whispers something like "if you say so," looks at the two girls, then talks to us in a low voice.
Mayuki: "Actually, I had a good idea."
Ayaya: "An idea?"
Mayuki: "Also, I'm not Mayu-Mayu. I'm Mayuki."
Akihito: "......I'd like to hear this idea of yours."
Mayuki: "If you insist. It's the ultimate technique for preventing further requests to live with me."
Akihito: "Oh-ho. In that case, go right ahead."
Mayuki: "Understood."
She salutes.
☆Ra: "Yuki-san, you're absolutely positively definitely being tricked by that guuuuuuy!"
Kasuka: "She's right. We need to release you from the wicked man's brainwashing immediately!"
The balbaloi combo continues insulting me as we discuss strategy.
They aren't listening to what anyone's saying, which makes it quite easy to have a secret meeting right in front of them.
Mayuki: "Wait! Please wait!"
Mayuki holds out one hand like a commander, and they go quiet. It's not right how much preferential treatment they give her.
☆Ra: "But it's all his fault! He was trying to trick us so he could tear us apart and make everyone miserable! He's the deviiiil!!"
Kasuka: "He may fool the weak-minded, but ☆Ra's eyes are not so easily deceived――!"
Mayuki: "Wait! Wait!!"
☆Ra: "Yuki-san, get away from him right now! What are you waiting for!?"
Kasuka: "You should heed ☆Ra's warning......!"
Mayuki takes a step forward. She takes a deep breath, filling up her lungs, then overpowers their nonsense with the loudest voice she can produce.
Mayuki: "I was trying to talk about your offer to move in and work together!!!!"
Kasuka: "Ueeh!?"
☆Ra: "......eh, ah, right."
They both stop.
Mayuki: "The truth is!!"
She moves toward me.
Mayuki slips her arms around mine and holds it to her chest.
Akihito: "H-hey? Mayuki?"
Ayaya: "Ayayaya?"
Mayuki: "We're already living together! That's why I don't want you moving in with me, ☆Ra-san!"
Kasuka: "L-living toge――......"
Ayaya: "Wh-when did this happen!?"
Ayaya implores with teary eyes.
Akihito: "So this is your plan―――"
The classic fake lover trick――It's quite common in manga. No wonder why Mayuki's using it.
☆Ra: "Eh? ......but but but but! We don't need that much space, so I'm sure the four of us can fit in together!!"
Mayuki: "Ummm......"
Mayuki looks at me with deep, begging eyes. I think she wants me to play along.
Mayuki: "When a boy and girl are living under the same roof, having other people around causes a lot of problems. Right, Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "Mm? ......yeah, that's true."
☆Ra: "But but!"
Mayuki: "Especially......at night."
Akihito: "Buba!"
I nearly die.
Kasuka: "A-at night......!?"
☆Ra: "Uwa............"
Ayaya: "S-such an erotic display......!"
The sudden twist leaves them at a loss for words. Ayaya too. Me three.
Mayuki: "Right......? Akihito-san?"
Don't ask me that!
Despite her sweet voice, Mayuki's eyes are wicked.
She wants me to play along? With this?
Mayuki: "Yes! Yes!"
Akihito: "How is this a good idea!?"
Akihito: "Is this seriously the best idea you had!?"
Mayuki: "What's wrong with it!? They have to give up on living with me now."
Akihito: "I'm sure they will, but......you're causing misunderstandings!"
As we talk to each other, the balbaloi combo looks over me with dubious, judging eyes.
☆Ra: "Are you reaaaaally living with that man~?"
Kasuka: "A-are you sure he's not just blackmailing you into saying that......?"
Mayuki: "O-of course not!We're d-deeply in l-love! We kiss all the time! Right!?"
Akihito: "Y-yeah! What she said! D-......deeply in love!"
Not playing along will only make things worse. I don't have much of a choice right now.
Ayaya: "S-senpai! You already have meeee~!"
Akihito: "Ayaya, just stay quiet for now. Okay?"
I push Ayaya's head twenty centimeters down.
Ayaya: "Ayayayaya."
☆Ra: "Is that truuuue~?"
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-saaan☆"
Akihito: "Uuo!"
Ayaya: "M-me too!"
I hold Mayuki lovingly against my neck, mostly to get away from their suspicious eyes.
For some reason Ayaya wraps her arms around us. I'll just ignore her.
Mayuki whispers into my ear.
Mayuki: "Come on, they're not buying it! If we're living together we have to act more intimate than this!"
Akihito: "How is this not intimate enough!?"
Mayuki: "It's not. You need to whisper sweet nothings or compliment me on my charms."
Akihito: "I can't do that!"
☆Ra: "Ummm~ Yuki-san?"
Kasuka: "Hey, let go of her."
Mayuki: "M-mmmm, Akihito-san, you're so tall~"
Akihito: "Ummm......hahaha, you're so cute."
Ayaya: "S-senpai, your arms are so muscular~!"
For some reason Ayaya compliments me too. I will continue ignoring her.
Mayuki: "Come on, Akihito-san, do more! The enemy is right in front of us! It's do or die!"
Akihito: "Saying "do" in this context sounds very wrong......"
Just pretending to hug her isn't going to cut it much longer.
I thought I had a high tolerance for romantic stuff, but faking it on command is entirely outside of my comfort zone.
Ayaya: "Don't talk without me!"
Akihito & Mayuki: "Ayaya, just be quiet for now. Okay?""Please stay quiet for a while, Ayaya-san. Okay?"
We push Ayaya's head down together.
Ayaya: "Ayaa, you're in perfect sync............"
Mayuki: "Okay, let go of me on five. Got it? One two three four five!"
Akihito: "Oh, wa――......!"
Mayuki steps back. Ayaya misses her cue, but she also walks away a moment later, confused.
Their suspicion continues stabbing me. I feel like I'm bleeding.
Why are they so against me......?
☆Ra: "Are you really, really, reeeeeally living with that strange man, Yuki-san~?"
Kasuka: "U-umm......is that true......about what you do at night?"
Mayuki: "O-of course it is! Right? Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "Uu......!"
Mayuki: "Come on! Do what I tell you!"
She's sowing all of the seeds and leaving the rest of the work to me.
She's a lot like Kururi-chan-senpai. Everyone I know seems to have this problem. Something's wrong with my relationships.
Akihito: "Uu, uuu......fine, I'll do it."
I said I'd help her, and it's too late to back down. I grit my teeth over this unprecedented shame, and nod weakly.
Mayuki: "Say exactly what I say, okay?"
Akihito: "Okay."
This is really bad for my sensitive glass heart.
Mayuki: "Mayuki, I love you. You're my angel."
Akihito: "Angel!?"
Please start with something easier, Mayuki-san!
Mayuki: "These people need to see something cheesy and fake."
Akihito: "Are you sure about that......?"
Mayuki: "Go! Let's go!"
Akihito: "Uu......Mayuki, I love you. You're......my angel."
Ayaya: "Guwa!?"
Mayuki: "Your small, slender body......your chest like late-blooming flowers......I love all of it."
Akihito: "Y-your small, slender body......your chest like late-blooming flowers......I love all of it."
Ayaya: "Huo!?"
Mayuki: "When we cannot meet, I lay awake at night thinking of your pure, untainted body."
Akihito: "Wh-when we cannot meet, I lay awake at night thinking of your......p-pure, untainted body."
Ayaya: "Noooooo!!"
Ayaya writhes around. That's not helping.
Mayuki: "Aaah, my adorable Mayuki."
Akihito: "Aaah, my adorable Mayukiii!"
Mayuki: "Akihito-saaan......!"
We say our lines with emotion and hold each other tight.
Ayaya: "Gufu! Ayaya is dead......"
I can see heaven.
This is so far beyond embarrassing or ridiculous it almost feels invigorating. No doubt my brain is sweating like crazy.
☆Ra: "............"
Kasuka: "............"
Mayuki: "So, as you can see, Akihito-san and I are in love. This is our private love nest."
Akihito: "What she said. Sorry, but you'll have to forget about living with her. People who interfere with the love of others get their skulls caved in by horses' hooves."
☆Ra: "............"
Kasuka: "............"
They're both silent.
They were so boisterous a moment ago, but now their lips just quiver helplessly.
Looks like we won this round! Though the sacrifices were tremendous......
Mayuki: "As for working together, there are still a number of things I want to finish on my own――"
Mayuki: "If the opportunity arises, perhaps we can collaborate over the internet."
The final blow, just as refreshing as the climactic scene in a teen drama.
Akihito: "That's right, you guys can work together without living together."
The balbaloi combo lowers their shoulders with dejected faces.
Evidently, our bad acting did the trick.
But they're still glaring at me.
☆Ra: "I see......all right......let's go, Kasuka......"
Kasuka: "Yes......let's."
After a dry, heavy sigh, the two girls finally give up and start walking away with all their stuff.
Akihito: "You've got a lot of stuff. Would you like some help carrying it to the station?"
I act kind after my victory. They slap my hand away.
☆Ra: "Please don't touch us, lolicon."
Kasuka: "You're gross......"
After insulting me one last time, they finally leave.
Akihito: "Loli――............"
The battle finally ends. The taste of victory is extremely bitter.
I feel like the earth has been scorched. Behind us, Ayaya looks weakly at us, as if she's been scorched too.
Akihito: "Ayaya, are you okay?"
Ayaya: "Lolicons are gross......"
Akihito: "Hey."
We both look like we're about to cry.
My mind and body are both exhausted from that fight. Should I have used my last ounce of strength to clear up that misunderstanding?
Akihito: "That was all just an act! Wasn't it obvious!?"
Ayaya: "Aaah, so it was an act!"
Apparently, she wasn't actually crying at all.
She's just as bad as Mayuki.
Ayaya: "Senpai, you do say "boobs" at least twenty times a day~ While spinning your arms around like propellers."
Akihito: "No I don't!"
These guys will stop at nothing to call me a pervert. My sexual interests are perfectly normal!
......ah, but maids are normal, right?
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, you don't like me? ......then what were all those passionate words you whispered in my ear?"
Akihito: "Uh, Mayuki......"
Why are you going out of your way to confuse her!?
Ayaya: "Eh? Eeeeeh!? Senpai, you really are into tsuru-tsuru-pettan loli-type warriors!?"
Akihito: "No, wait, that was all just an act――"
Mayuki: "You didn't mean any of it......!?"
Akihito: "Hey, cut that you. You're the――"
Ayaya: "S-......so you think anyone older than **** is an old hag!?"
Akihito: "This is reverse sexual harassment!!"
Ayaya & Mayuki: ""Kyaaaaaaan♪""
They both twist around in some sort of dance. They're toying with me.
Akihito: "Y-you guys......!! Cut it out......!!"
Women are devils. These two are demons. They're making me question my feminism.
Akihito: "Whatever. I did what I came here to do, so I'm going home now."
Mayuki: "You don't want to come inside? I can make tea at least."
Akihito: "No, I'm going home. I'm tired......"
Ayaya: "Ah, wait up, Senpai! Let's walk home together~!"
Mayuki: "You're fun to tease, Akihito-san."
Ayaya: "That's what's so great about him."
Akihito: "Both of you, stop it."
I shake Ayaya off and start heading home.
My body and mind are both heavy. The mark of the pervert has been branded on my innocent back, like sunlight charring my skin.
Akihito: "Fine, call me a lolicon or whatever......"
I give up. I don't care enough to keep objecting anymore.
Mayuki: "Then I'll tack on a gym clothes fetish, a shoe fetish, and a smock fetish."
Ayaya: "And a kouhai fetish too, please."
Mayuki: "If you want."
Akihito: "Stop it!"
What the hell is a shoe fetish anyway?
Mayuki: "Ahahaha, by the way, Lolicon Akihito-san, I am old enough that there wouldn't be any legal problems."
Akihito: "Eh? No way!?"
Mayuki: "......do you really want me to explain that in detail?"
Akihito: "............sorry."
Some mysteries are better left unsolved.
Akihito: "I still feel like I lost an important part of my humanity today......"
I hang my head. My weak gaze scrolls across the ground.
Mayuki: "You have plenty of time to raise your target age group, Lolicon Akihito-san. Don't be sad."
Akihito: "Shut up!"
Ayaya: "She's right! Lolicons are unacceptable! Ayaya will give everything she has to help Senpai's rehabilitation! Especially my boobs!"
She clings to my arm and presses her D-cups against me.
Akihito: "You shut up too!"
The sad thing about Ayaya is that she doesn't feel sexy even when she does stuff like that.
Mayuki: "That aside, the stalkers are finally gone. Wanna relax at my place for a bit? I can offer some tea at least."
Akihito: "Oooh, I would like that. I do need a break......I've never been this tired before."
Ayaya: "Uuu......! How could this be!? I get the feeling that if I leave now I've admitted defeat forever,but I really need to go......"
Ayaya: "Unfortunately......I have to go for today......!Senpai, don't do anything to Mayuki-chan!"
Akihito: "Why would I!?"
Mayuki: "Oh? You're leaving already, Ayaya-san? That's unfortunate. Try not to get attacked on the way home."
Ayaya: "Yep. Mayuki-chan, take care of Senpai."
Ayaya and Mayuki wave goodbye to each other.
I have no idea how much of what Ayaya said and did was serious. I shouldn't keep underestimating her.
Mayuki: "Well, let's head in."
Akihito: "Huu......yeah."
Mayuki unlocks the door and beckons me inside like a bellboy.
It's a 2DK. Just inside the door is a dining room and a kitchen, with two more rooms connected to them. A living room and a bedroom. 
No one else is home.
Akihito: "You're the only one here?"
Mayuki: "For various reasons, I live alone these days."
Akihito: "Alone?"
Is it okay for a girl like Mayuki to be living by herself? Wouldn't her parents worry about her?
She'd probably be in big trouble if her parents knew she brought a guy home, so I guess it's safe to assume she won't let them find out.
But this clearly looks like a place where a family used to live.
Akihito: "......where are your parents?"
I hope they're not―――
Mayuki: "We don't get along, but they're doing fine."
Akihito: "Okay, good to hear."
So there's a reason they're not living together. I'll avoid asking about that for now.
In the end, all people are born alone, and die alone. The only one who can save you is yourself.Thus―――
Anyway, I'll try to get some rest here.
Mayuki: "Make yourself at home."
Akihito: "Thanks."
She prepares some chilled black tea. The drops of water on the outside of the glass tempt my throat. The amber fluid shakes with a sweet, refreshing smell.
There are several cardboard boxes in the kitchen. They're full of water bottles with black tea. My glass must have come from one of those.
Akihito: "Are you trying to be frugal?"
Mayuki sits at her computer desk, already facing her screen.
Mayuki: "What do you mean?"
Akihito: "All those boxes full of tea."
Mayuki: "Ah, that's just a mail order. It's a pain to go buy them in person all the time."
Hooray internet.
These days you can get beverages delivered to your doorstep with the click of a mouse. Eventually humanity's legs will all rot and fall off.
Akihito: "So much for trying to give a compliment."
Mayuki: "Hohohoho."
Akihito: "I thought you said you liked real bookstores."
Mayuki: "Bookstores are different from tea."
I see, so that's how it works.
Akihito: "Still......those two were really weird."
Mayuki: "The internet is vast and deep. Those creatures dwell in its deepest parts."
There are deep-sea volcanic trenches where bizarre creatures live off of hydrogen sulfide in waters hotter than a hundred degrees centigrade. There are also some things living off methane gas underground.
Akihito: "There must be even more unknown organisms living deep in the electric sea."
Mayuki: "There are, but most of them have adapted to the depths and can't come to the surface anymore."
Akihito: "I'd like to keep dog paddling up at the surface."
Mayuki smiles as she swings her legs under her chair.
Akihito: "Huuu......"
I drink all of the cold tea and finally relax.
My eyes drift over to Mayuki's computer. Several bits of merchandise surround it, many of which have the same logo as Benio's phone strap.
Akihito: "Are those things from that Accepting story you write, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "It's Acceptor."
Mayuki answers bluntly, still looking at the computer. Under her hand is a mouse with lots of extra buttons that she constantly clicks.
Mayuki's surprisingly dexterous at stuff like this.
Akihito: "Okay, got it. I'll remember the name from now on."
Whatever it is, it's what those two stalkers were so desperate to help with.
Even Ayaya and Benio are familiar with it.
My curiosity is piquing.
Akihito: "What's it about? All I've heard is that you're writing it, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "I wouldn't recommend it to pessimists. Also, I'm not Mayu-Mayu, I'm Mayuki."
Akihito: "Why does that matter? Even Ayaya and Benio know about it."
Mayuki: "Ayaya-san's very similar to me, so that doesn't count. Also――"
Mayuki: "Benio-san's got one foot on this cursed path, but she doesn't understand where it leads. Huhuhu, she may never escape the bottomless swamp......"
A wicked smile.
Akihito: "That doesn't make sense."
Mayuki: "That's fine. Otaku hobbies are a subculture. The really hopeless types are the ones demanding normal people respect what they do."
Akihito: "Well, it is hard to overcome those biases."
Mayuki: "It goes far beyond that......"
Mayuki lowers her shoulders as she sighs. After some silence, she looks at me with a resigned face.
Mayuki: "Let's stop talking about them. There's not much point discussing it with someone who spends every day being the hero in a school battle story surrounded by tons of girls."
I'm not really enjoying most of it......
Akihito: "Aren't you one of the heroes too, Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "Reality is so boring."
We've all been through life-and-death combat now, but Mayuki's much tougher than Benio.
Akihito: "It just feels weird having to stop partway through. Besides, you were calling me a pervert a minute ago."
Mayuki: "Pervert......pervert......hmm, that's true."
Mayuki: "Understood. If you insist, I will acknowledge you as a true pervert, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "That's not what I'm saying at all!"
I try to ruffle her hair, but she evades me like an eel. Despite her lack of stamina, she's pretty quick.
Mayuki: "Sometimes people on the internet get entrenched in their opinions when there's no opposition and start to think that what they feel is what everyone feels, but cult hits are still cult hits."
Mayuki: "No one would mind if they left everyone else alone, but the moment you let your guard down, they start flaming, criticizing, and lashing out! It's ridiculous!"
Akihito: "Don't all niche interests have some people like that?"
Even if the minority isn't evil, the majority always rules.
Everyone feels disgust or anger toward people from other worlds they can't understand. It's irritating to see such people wandering around where you can see them.
Mayuki: "―――They're like moles."
The world waits with a hammer, ready to beat the moles back down whenever they show themselves.
They get points, hear a nice ding, and release some stress. That's why everyone likes swinging down the hammer.
If a live egg came out instead of a mole, they'd be more hesitant. If a bomb came out, they'd drop the hammer and run.
―――Moles are easy to hit, so we hit them.
And people who know they're considered moles by the rest of the world should just stay in their holes. Then no one will ever hit them.
Akihito: "......that's an extreme view for a little kid like you."
Akihito: "Though now that you mention it......at my previous school there was a guy who came up with a lot of his own expressions, and wrote them all down in a notebook."
Akihito: "He let a friend read it, who burst out laughing, after which he decided not to let anyone see it ever again."
Mayuki: "That is an extremely wise decision."
The area around her computer has a bunch of Acceptor merchandise. Several of them have complicated, carefully-designed shapes. She must take this seriously.
Akihito: "Where were we?"
Mayuki: "Talking about Acceptor?"
Akihito: "We got very far off topic."
Mayuki: "Hmm......well, to oversimplify it, it's about transforming heroes defeating monsters."
Akihito: "That sounds pretty retro."
Mayuki: "It's always good to build on something everyone can understand."
Mayuki smiles slightly and tilts her head a little.
Mayuki: "Everyone is throwing out random ideas after all."
Mayuki: "No matter how ordinary the premise, surprising things happen when lots of people get to fiddle with it."
A smile with both kindness and ridicule, as if she's talking to a stupid friend.
Akihito: "......I think I get the idea just by looking at your expression."
Akihito: "So, what do you mean by......"surprising things happen?""
Mayuki: "Good question. There's stuff like real heroes meeting their crazy fans......well, it's varied."
Akihito: "Uwa, that was half-assed."
Though it's probably impossible to describe concisely.
Mayuki: "The rest is online. The wiki summarizes everything that's been established. If you're interested, please go read it."
Akihito: "Now you just sound like a commercial......so, what's the address?"
Mayuki: "At times like this, veteran net users always answer thusly――"
Mayuki: "Google it!"
Akihito: ".................."
I'm overpowered with words I've never heard someone say in real life before.
Someday this four-eyed frog will have to learn to respect her elders.
====================真雪04 ベクシンスキの怪物？.json====================
Midday on a weekend. I have no plans.
The bitter victory against the two evil spirits is in the distant past now. Remembering it still makes me want to cry though.
I briefly look around the electronic sea. The city and the Coμnet both seem peaceful for now.
After meeting Girl A we couldn't catch a break for a while, but all of those problems are gone now.
Whether you're a connector or not, what you do with free time is more or less the same.
I rent a DVD and watch it in my living room.
All the new hits people are talking about are out of stock, but it felt a bit embarrassing to take something that was popular a few months ago.
So I instead picked something haphazardly based on the title and packaging without checking anything else. You can get some nice surprises this way.
A story about a serial killer and an ex-cop talking to one of the victim's husbands without realizing it.
It's surprisingly interesting. I put on headphones to enjoy it properly, and just as I'm about to immerse myself in the cinematic world――
My cell phone starts vibrating with terrible timing.
The display reads "Semimaru Kururi (Super-detective)." She wrote the part in parentheses herself.
Akihito: "Hello......?"
I try to sound as exhausted as possible. A trick to avoid getting caught up in strange problems.
Visually she's an intelligent beauty, but she gets weird as soon as she talks, and causes all sorts of needless trouble as soon as she acts.
We even thought she was dead a while ago.
She finally returned to normal society after going missing for a while. I still haven't gotten a proper explanation about that.
I just hope she hasn't gone and stepped back into a minefield so soon after escaping the last one.
The number one beautiful Senpai that no one wants as a girlfriend, according to Ayamine Academy polls. By the way, Kagome's number two.
The main reason behind Kagome's rare defeat is the fact that Kururi is a third-year and Kagome's a second-year. Kururi is a senpai for more of the students than Kagome is.
Kururi: "Aki-chan, I've got an interesting story."
Akihito: "Haa......"
She only says that when she got in some kind of trouble that she wants to transfer to someone else.
Kururi: "Chasing the mysterious creator lurking in the depths of the internet!"
Akihito: "Haa......"
I ignore the perky subtitle.
I have the phone on one ear and the headphones on the other. The movie is reaching its climax.
Kururi: "My curiosity was piqued, like a cat's whiskers twitching."
Akihito: "You don't say."
Kururi: "I must be the most miserable Senpai in the world. My kouhai doesn't care about me at all~......"
Akihito: "Not really."
My biggest problem right now is deciding whether to pause the movie or try to end the call right away.
Kururi: "Anyway, just listen."
Kururi: "――――It started off as a joke amongst a small group."
She won't stop jabbering. Kururi's not the type of person to get to the point quickly just because everyone else wants her to.
Kururi: "But the internet is an interactive melting pot where anyone can join in."
Kururi: "That or people were sick of modern media being bound by copyrights and lawsuits."
Kururi: "Either way, a story was born out of their joke, and the internet loved it. It was a quiet success, but a popular one."
Akihito: "......what are you talking about?"
Kururi: "Just a game."
Akihito: "Right."
Kururi: "Really. A novel game with a quiet cult following online. You do play games, right?"
Akihito: "Sometimes."
I do play quite a few action games and large-scale RPGs. These days I'm quite enjoying some fishing games on my phone.
Kururi: "Hmm. Anyway, a certain media company is set on buying the rights to that game so they can commercialize or adapt it――"
Kururi: "They're trying to market it to the masses."
Akihito: "Even though it used to be a free online product?"
Kururi: "Well, the freedom thing doesn't matter."
Akihito: "It doesn't?"
Kururi: "It doesn't."
So much for that. She was just trying to keep me intrigued.
Kururi: "Now back to the original topic. No one knows who the creator of the game really is."
Kururi: "To commercialize it, you have to either bring a creator into the spotlight or buy the rights to it yourself."
Kururi: "The only thing I know about the creator is that his online alias is "Herm." Nobody knows who he is in real life."
Akihito: "I thought most of these people were completely anonymous."
Kururi: "Not quite completely."
Kururi: "But Herm hasn't appeared online at all for a while, and he hasn't been answering anyone's e-mails."
On the TV, the husband who was hospitalized a while ago is now driving an old car.
I've completely lost track of the plot now.
Kururi: "Not one of the other participants knows who Herm is! Oooh, the suspense! It's a super mystery!!"
Akihito: "Is that really a mystery?"
The big mystery right now is what's happening in the movie. Now the serial killer's chatting to a black cop and they're both laughing. When did this new cop show up?
Kururi: "They've all been creating this story together......they're practically neighbors online, but they have no idea who the others are, and that never bothers them."
Kururi: "The anonymity of the internet has created a situation that clashes with traditional common sense!"
Akihito: "Common sense is always changing."
Kururi: "Of course. No one's anonymity is ever flawless."
Kururi: "But the fact remains that lots of people do stuff together and never know who the others are, unless they make a huge effort to find out."
Kururi: "They're so used to this situation that they enjoy talking through their masks. They didn't even realize one of them no longer had a face behind their mask."
Kururi: "They might have all been talking to a strange unfamiliar creature."
Kururi: "Once the man is done talking, he tears off his mask to reveal Beksinski's faceless monster!"
Kururi: "As the people flee in terror, the monster vanishes into thin air......"
Kururi: "If this isn't a mystery, then what is!?"
Akihito: "............"
Who's Beksinski? Is that the serial killer they're about to give a lethal injection?
The movie's plot is a complete mess for me now. I tilt my head, then give up and stop the DVD.
At this rate she'll keep going off topic over and over and never finish talking. My phone's running low on power too.
Kururi: "The only clue the monster left was an unfinished game. Perhaps he left us a message hidden somewhere inside of it......!"
Akihito: "......so what is this game?"
Kururi: "Oooh, how good of you to ask!"
You made me.
Kururi: "――――That's basically it."
The game was created on the internet through several unclear ideas being mashed together and it's now quietly rising in popularity.
That sounds very familiar.
Akihito: "I think......I know that game already."
Kururi: "Ah, you do? I didn't peg you for an otaku, Aki-chan."
Mayuki told me to look it up, but I simply asked Ayaya instead.
I get off the couch and sit down at the computer I've left on this entire time. 
It sounds like Kururi's talking about the exact same thing the balbaloi combo was obsessed with.
So I type into the search engine――
Akihito: "......Acceptor."
I scroll through the results and find the Acceptor Wiki.
Kururi: "Yes, that's it!"
Akihito: "Ummm, the protagonist is a transforming hero hiding his power from the world who escaped the organization he fought for and got picked up by a special effects expert......this sounds like a joke."
Though it's so ridiculous it does sound kind of fun.
Kururi: "That's definitely it. It sounds pretty good, doesn't it? But how do you know about it, Aki-chan?"
Akihito: "I happen to know someone who works on it."
Kururi: "What!? That's a key witness......! It's a small world, after all!! This is wonderful!"
Mayuki seems to have been involved in Acceptor for a while. It's possible she knows something about the guy Kururi's looking for.
Kururi: "So what's your relationship with her, Aki-chan? No, wait. Don't tell me. If I make contact, that might put her in danger......"
Kururi: "It's entirely possible......that the mystery author is disposing of anyone who talks to the detective in order to ensure he's never located!"
Akihito: "No it's not."
I ignore Kururi's conspiracy theories and skim the wiki.
The hero of Acceptor was cybernetically enhanced by the organization, but he's far from an invincible superhero.
So the special effects buffs who are protecting him now started developing ultimate moves and custom armor for him that suits their own taste......
Sounds like one of the parodies Hollywood typically makes after a big hit.
Akihito: "This does sound kinda fun."
Kururi: "Doesn't it?"
Kururi: "I have to seek out the mysterious author lurking deep in the internet with precious few leads that keep getting erased one by one――It's just the thing for a modern mystery novel!"
At this point it sounds like she's talking about a serial killer.
Akihito: "Okay, I'm interested. I'll ask her about it and tell you if I learn anything. You'll owe me a favor, by the way."
Kururi: "Keh, you've learned to negotiate."
Kururi: "By the way, you get punished for failing a special mission. Good luck."
Akihito: "Come on!"
The call ends.
I don't really care about the mystery author, but I am intrigued by this story that's gotten popular solely through internet word-of-mouth.
Whether you're a connector or not, what you do with free time is more or less the same.
The calm will end someday, but we pray it'll last at least a little longer.
It'd only take a phone call to get some answers, but it's unhealthy to spend all day cooped up indoors. I decide to take a walk to Mayuki's place.
Akihito: "Let's hope you'll be useful this time."
Ayaya: "Leave it to me. I've already proven I'm very useful to your right arm, Senpai."
Ayaya's familiar with Acceptor, so I figured summoning her might help.
Ayaya: "Ayaya will always come when Senpai blows the whistle! I'll transform into a rocket!"
She leans forward and holds her arms back, trying to look streamlined. Her chest sticks out so much it doesn't work.
Akihito: "Oh well, let's get going."
Ayaya: "Yes!"
I add Ayaya to my party and leave for Mayuki's house.
Akihito: "We're here to talk about Acceptor today."
Ayaya: "Ayaya's just tagging along."
I brought some bread which we all nibble on together. Mine tastes like Camembert cheese and maple syrup. Conveniently, Mayuki's house has tons of black tea.
Mayuki: "Oh-ho, you dare to step in despite my warnings? Onto this path of thorns?"
Her glasses glint.
Akihito: "......do you know some fearsome secret that I don't?"
Mayuki: "I just mean it's tough being an otaku. Though you're into lolis already so maybe you didn't need the warning, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "I'm not into lolis at all!"
Ayaya: "Senpai, come to our world. Lots of gamers get into it really easily. I'm sure you'll do fine, Senpai~"
Ayaya invites me like an evil spirit.
Mayuki spins around in her chair and cackles. She moves her mouse around with one hand and holds a blueberry tart in the other. Her computer recovers from its sleep state.
Her desktop wallpaper has an anime character that looks vaguely familiar, but not a single icon.
Not even the Recycle Bin. She must have used some software to customize that.
Akihito: "Why no shortcuts?"
Mayuki: "Because it gets in the way of the wallpaper."
Akihito: "I see......"
Mayuki moves her cursor in some kind of pattern and the browser activates.
Ayaya: "Oooh! The browser turned on just from moving the mouse! It's magic!!"
Mayuki: "It's a launcher."
The answer is simple, but it's no different from magic before it's revealed. Mayuki......she knows what she's doing.
Mayuki: "So what do you want to know, aside from what's written here?"
The browser's showing the Acceptor Wiki. The page design is the same as the Coμpedia I'm familiar with.
Akihito: "I've only skimmed a few parts of it."
Mayuki: "Learn what you can learn on your own. Isn't that common sense?"
Ayaya: "Ayaya taught him the basics."
Akihito: "Besides, I'm here to ask about stuff that probably won't be on there."
Mayuki: "............? What is it?"
Mayuki furrows her brows and looks away from the display, finally turning toward me.
Akihito: "Your relationship to "Acceptor." You said you were one of the writers......right?"
Mayuki: "Yes, that is correct. What about it?"
Akihito: "A senpai of mine named Semimaru Kururi is looking for the guy who made a game out of it. She knows nothing but his internet alias."
Ayaya: "That's Herm, the creator of Acceptor N."
Akihito: "Yeah, that's the guy. No one knows who he is, right?"
Mayuki: "No one knows who most people on the internet are."
Hearing it from someone else reminds me just how strange it is.
Talking in the darkness with someone whose face you've never seen. Their words may be truth, and they may be not. We're connected to them from the far corners of the Earth through the electronic sea.
This incident is a typical example.
They've been talking to someone called Herm for a long time, but when they finally whipped out a flashlight, no one was there to be found.
It's more like a ghost story than a real mystery.
Akihito: "She says we need to look into this, but Kururi-senpai has a reason for not wanting to meet any of the authors in person."
Mayuki: "Hmm, is this some secret investigation?"
Mayuki lowers her voice and leans forward.
Akihito: "No, something's not right."
Ayaya: "Kururi-chan-senpai never is."
The answer is simple.
Akihito: "She's the type of person who calls herself a super-detective."
Mayuki: "She sounds like fun."
Mayuki: "Come to think of it, Benio-san once told me about some strange person she called her "lifeline." The world is full of mysteries I know nothing about."
Mayuki has some niche hobbies, so maybe she'd be a perfect fit for Kururi. I should get them together sometime.
Akihito: "It's fun to watch her, but if she gets you involved in something it gets bad really fast."
And for some reason she always chooses me............ Why is that?
Akihito: "Senpai's asked a bunch of people to meet her offline, but they always refuse."
Maybe they're worried she'll turn out to be crazy, since she always goes "meow," "super-detective," and whatnot.
Mayuki: "So you think I might be the only person who can control her directly."
Akihito: "That's right."
Mayuki strokes her chin and moves the mouse around.
Mayuki: "But I'm quite similar."
Ayaya: "Similar to Kururi-chan?"
Mayuki: "Yes."
Akihito: "Well, I guess you can be weird too."
I fold my arms and agree.
Mayuki: "That's the last thing I want to hear from you, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "Shut up."
Mayuki: "Not that......everyone working on Acceptor is similar in some ways."
Mayuki: "We've never met offline. Even if the others wanted to, I wouldn't go."
Mayuki operates her browser while talking.
After looking through the long history of recent wiki changes, she finds what she's after.
Mayuki: "Here. This is the last thing Herm wrote."
Akihito: "Oh......?"
Ayaya: "Lemme see.""Acceptor N ver 0.8 uploaded"
A bland, straightforward message. Does the "N" refer to it being a novel game?
Akihito: "This was......just three months ago. It is kinda worrying, but he still could just be busy with real life."
Mayuki: "No one in the threads is worried."
Akihito: "Yeah, but they're not who I'm after――――"
Ayaya: "Who are you after?"
It hits Mayuki. Frogs pick up fast.
Mayuki: "―――A corporate negotiator?"
Akihito: "You knew?"
Ayaya: "Ayaya, that's rather extreme."
Mayuki shrugs in a needlessly dramatic fashion, like the cop from that movie I watched earlier. A gesture that says anyone could've noticed it.
Ayaya: "Would people from media corporations really want to work with strange characters from the internet?"
Akihito: "They can be surprisingly open-minded."
Connections between people bring as many problems as they do benefits. Super-detectives profit from that fact.
Mayuki: "Some people did suggest that we all get together offline after the game was finished."
Akihito: "But the author stopped updating before he finished."
Mayuki: "That's right. No one knows why."
Ayaya: "Could he have gotten bored?"
Mayuki: "It's not impossible. This is just a hobby after all."
Her mouse clicks a few more times, and a page of personal information on Herm opens up.
Though there's almost nothing on it besides the fact that he wrote Acceptor N along with some links to compressed archives.
Akihito: "That's bare-bones."
The only thing that qualifies as personal information is his e-mail address. Even that uses (at) instead of @ in order to trick spambots.
Mayuki: "People don't like it when you shout about your favorite things all the time. What's the point of being anonymous if you're gonna do that?"
Akihito: "But then why do you and him use aliases at all?"
Ayaya: "Because hiding your real identity without even using an alias just makes it hard to talk about each other."
Mayuki: "The people who made the most submissions or helped put everyone else's together were eventually asked to start using aliases by all the other regular posters."
Mayuki: "There were only three such people: Herm-san, Amakuni-san, and myself."
Akihito: "Is Herm like the leader?"
Ayaya: "Not quite a leader."
Mayuki: "Herm basically volunteered to combine everyone else's contributions."
Mayuki: "Not only did he take on that tedious job, but the stuff he wrote himself was also quite good."
Akihito: "So everyone naturally accepted him."
Mayuki: "Yes. The story was running away on its own so someone would have had to take on a role like that eventually."
Ayaya: "Mayuki-chan, you don't know anything about Amakuni or Herm?"
Mayuki: "No. They hardly ever talked about themselves. Just the story."
Akihito: "I see. Then I guess I'll have to tell Senpai that I've got nothing......more tea, please."
Mayuki: "Me too, please."
Ayaya: "Yes, yes, yes! I shall procure it~"
In the end I only satisfied my personal curiosity, and left without a single clue as to the mystery author's identity.
Akihito: "I didn't learn anything."
Kururi: "You're useless."
I call Kururi-senpai to give her the news.
Akihito: "Yes, yes, I'm sorry, it's all my fault, I should've done better and I'll think about how to do better next time."
Kururi: "I will contact you in the near future regarding your punishment. Be prepared."
Mayuki: "That's not much of a report."
Akihito: "It's good enough for her. She still owes me a ton of favors."
After calling Kururi, my search for Herm is over.
Akihito: "That's right, Mayuki, could you text me this address?"
It's Herm-san's site, with an unfinished sample of Acceptor N.
Mayuki: "It won't have any of the little girls you're hoping for, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "I'm sick of objecting to that."
Mayuki: "In that case, let's go look for some new dirt on him, Ayaya-san."
Ayaya: "Okay, I'm with you, Mayuki-chan."
Passionate eyes. Do you two like toying with me that much......?
Akihito: "You don't need to do that."
Mayuki pulls up an e-mail suite I've never seen before, and quickly texts me the address I wanted.
Mayuki: "Herm-san put together ideas and plotlines from several other people, so this should give you a good sense of what Acceptor is like in general."
Akihito: "Thank you. I guess I'll kill some time with it."
Ayaya: "Ayaya's with you! I'll guide Senpai into the 2D world of entertainment!"
Mayuki: "A new warrior is born in the alternate dimension."
Akihito: "They did call me a demon several times......"
I tear up as I recall the shrieks of the balbaloi.
Mayuki: "A lolicon demon."
Ayaya: "An unbeatable combination."
Akihito: "Shut up."
Acceptor N――I'm quite curious to see what it's like.
====================真雪05 変身！アクセプター.json====================
The next morning. Ayaya gazes intently at the bread rotating inside the microwave.
Ayaya: ".................."
Ayaya: "Uhyo!?"
The bag around it bursts, and Ayaya jumps.
Akihito: "What are you doing?"
She apparently forgot to put holes in it.
Last night I rewatched the DVD properly, since it has a due date and I don't want to pay the fee.
I was thinking of starting on Acceptor this morning, but Ayaya showed up.
Ayaya: "Spending Sunday morning with Senpai feels like the first step to a new world, doesn't it?"
Akihito: "Not really."
I take the bread out of the microwave. That was a worrying noise, but it seems fine.
A classic hot dog with curry and cabbage. You can't surf the internet or play games without junk food.
I nibble on the bread as I open Mayuki's text from yesterday.
Akihito: "So I did receive it."
Ayaya: "You could just search for it yourself."
Akihito: "I like to avoid as much work as possible."
Ayaya: "Ho-ho! Don't forget about my bread."
Ayaya bought bread for both of us on her way here today.
Akihito: "Okay, you want yours warmed up too?"
Ayaya: "Please make Ayaya warm, Senpai."
Her warm eyes and my cold eyes.
Akihito: "You never know when the witch might appear in this room, so stay on guard."
Ayaya: "I-
I'd like my bread room temperature......!"
I take out the red bean bread she bought for herself, and hand her that along with a carton of milk."Acceptor N - Downloads"
I follow the URL in Mayuki's text and find myself at a similarly plain page.
I right-click the download link and save the zip file. It takes a little over three minutes to download. My connection to the server must be bad.
Akihito: "Mmm......this is a pretty good hot dog."
Ayaya: "Mmm......by the way, Senpai, these little things on top of the bread are called......"
Akihito: "Poppy seeds."
Ayaya: "Uwaaaan! Ayaya wanted a fun trivia segment~!"
Akihito: "Oh well."
I continue eating my hot dog as I make fun of Ayaya.
My only criticism is that the mustard isn't all that strong. They were probably trying to make it appeal to a broader range of palettes.
Once the download's done, I unzip the files.
It doesn't have an installer. Internet people value their privacy, so they probably like it that way.
Akihito: "Okay, let's see how this goes."
Ayaya: "Yes, yes. Ayaya will watch from behind~"
I double-click on it and a window opens up. Music starts playing and text starts scrolling right away.
Evidently, this game wants to have an intro scene before showing the opening movie and main menu. It looks pretty professional.
Akihito: "This looks like something that could be sold in stores."
Ayaya: "Anons are usually lazy and useless but every so often they suddenly throw an incredible effort at something."
Akihito: "The internet is really interesting in that way."
Reidou Kaname runs.
From shadow to shadow, in a city of darkness. He evades their gazes like a wild animal in flight.
Kaname: ".................."
He doesn't say a word, because there's no need. He doesn't even breathe.
His body lets him run without breathing. His shoulders have a metallic glint in the cars' headlights as he passes by them.
He didn't ask for this, but he can't throw it away.
So Kaname runs, trying to get away.
He can't go back to his old body. Even if he could, he needed to fulfill his duty first.
He made a mistake. He was foolish, and overly idealistic.
Regret makes his chest hurt slightly. Kaname's mouth twists slightly beneath his expressionless mask.
Girl 1: "K-......kyaaaaaaaaa!?"
He hears a shriek that could tear through silk.
A girl's voice. His superhuman hearing allows him to hear her breathing after the scream.
She's in mortal danger right now.
Kaname: "I'm not the only one who can save her, but my objective is something only I can do, because only I have this inhuman body......"
I can't risk letting people see me. I have to abandon her.
That's what logic and reason tells me. But――
I foolishly stop, wasting all of the sprinting I'd been doing. My hearing picks up yet more voices begging for help.
Girl 1: "H-help me......someone...help meeeeee!!"
Kaname: "............!"
I curse my illogical emotions and start moving again. I run like a hurricane into the narrow alleyway.
I arrive in a shadowy back alley.
Girl 1: "Hii!?"
Girl 2: "Wh-wha――......another monster!?"
Girl 3: "Why won't my phone work......!? D-daddy......!?"
Three girls.And......
Monster: "Guu......uguru......guou...gugugugugaa......!"
Its mouth resembles that of a rabid dog, with drool leaking out between its bare fangs. Its acidic saliva produces small clouds of steam as it drips on the ground.
It's clearly a monster――
An unbearable sense of disgust wells up in my gut. This thing is one of my friends......!
Kaname: "Uu......!"
Calling it a "friend" makes me want to spit.
This is a monster. It no longer has any trace left of its former humanity.
So there's only thing for me to do.
......no, this was always what I had to do.
Kaname: "Hound andromorph. Target locked on. Exterminating."
Monster: "Ga......!"
The monster roars, forgetting about the terrified girls.
Trying to help them is already illogical. I can't allow them to get hurt as well.
My objectives are to eradicate all of these andromorphs, and not let anyone see me. That's all.
Monster: "Guoa......!"
The monster's eyes have no rationality. It senses danger from me, and charges on instinct alone.
I stole data on all my targets when I escaped the organization.
The dangers hidden in these monsters are far more beastly than the shining claws on their hands and feet.
If those fangs hit me, the acid from their venom glands will be all it takes to finish me off.
Kaname: "............"
I slide forward silently and vanish before the monster reaches me.
I bend down, slipping beneath its arm. I get behind it and kick it in its center of gravity while it's bent over.
Monster: "Uu!"
The monster gives a muffled scream and falls to the ground a moment later.
I'm already moving. A shadow falls over the monster's back.
Monster: "Go......geaaaah!!"
A heavy heel pounds into the gap between its shoulder blades, which jut out like ungrown wings.
I twist my body, letting the top of my body fall forward, and clutch the monster's neck.
Muscles erupt from both my arms, producing superhuman power.
Kaname: "Exterminate target."
Monster: "Guu..................!"
Its muscles twist and its bones break. The monster's thick neck bends upward with an irritating sound.
I hop off the monster and walk away, but the small shadows on the ground still won't move.
Girl 1: "Uwa......ah............"
Kaname: "............"
The monster's corpse will soon rot and start to melt.
The organization made them this way to help keep them secret. It involves some special microorganisms. The dead body will be thoroughly dissolved in only a few minutes.
I don't have to worry about the monster's body. What I have to worry about are the women I carelessly saved.
I approach the three girls. They're still frozen, unable to understand what happened. I could deactivate my powers and try to look like a normal human, but I shouldn't show them my real face.
Kaname: "......this might be an unreasonable request, but......"
I try to sound as non-threatening as possible. The worst thing that can happen is them screaming and running around.
If they do that, I'll have to kill them too, even though I just saved their lives.
Kaname: "Please forget everything you saw tonight. That includes me and this monster."
Girls: "............"
Kaname: "............"
I can't blame them for being speechless. If I was in their position, I doubt I'd be much different.
I consider telling them not to expose our secrets and to stay away from the organization to avoid further danger, but I stop there.
Using more words won't make it any easier to understand.
I can't stop them from telling someone about this and getting erased by the organization.
It was a mistake to save them tonight. These girls would have simply died here if I hadn't intervened.
I can't keep protecting them. Doing so isn't important enough to ignore my real objective.
I'm making excuses to myself. I only have one true goal......
Girl 1: "Th-that was amazing......! W-w-w-we've been saved by a real hero!"
Girl 2: "This is real!? No CGI, no wires, no nothing!? Is this guy a rider? Or a space cop!?"
Kaname: "Huh............?"
Girl 3: "So you're a nocturnal hero with no particular category......I mean, ahem, before all of that......"
My train of thought derails. They aren't in shock. What does this mean? Are they aware of the organization......?
Girl 3: "I think we should introduce ourselves, Miyu-san, Momo-san."
Girl ３: "I'll go first. My name is Sumeragi Kurage. Pleased to meet you."
Girl 2: "Oh, you're right, Kurage-chan! I'm Sasaki Miyu. So, Onii-san. Are you augmented? Or is it more like Inspector Gadget?"
Girl 1: "Thank you so much for saving us......umm, well......I-I'm Himehara Momo! Umm......thank you."
Kaname: "............"
They're not enemies――?
Then what are they? ......I can't understand this.
Miyu: "Onii-san, what's your name? Ah, if you're identity's a secret you can just tell us your hero name instead."
Momo: "But, but, we'd really like to know your real name......! You did just save Momo's life after all!"
Kurage: "She's right. It'll be hard to talk to you if we don't know your name......so are you trying to stay secret?"
Miyu: "Vanquishing evil without letting anyone know about it! That's what it means to be a hero. I wonder if he has any secret bases underground."
Momo: "I-if you don't have any safe houses, we can hide you at our place, Hero-san!"
There's no need to talk to them anymore. No matter what they say, I can just turn around and walk away.
But I can't resist the urge to ask them.
Kaname: "Who the hell......are you?"
Kaname: "Why......aren't you confused by what just happened? I mean, you almost seem to be enjoying this......"
The girls smile when I ask that. I haven't seen humans smile in years.
Miyu: "We're tokusatsu otaku!"
Kurage: "Normal people don't know those terms. We're friends who like dramas and other shows with a lot of special effects in them."
Momo: "That makes it even less clear~ I'm into hero shows! Does that make more sense, Onii-san?"
Kaname: "H-huh......?"
Miyu: "So will you tell us your name?"
Kaname: "............"
I do exactly what they want, as if I'm being controlled by them. The inside of my mask has sensors to detect illusions and mind control, but they're not helping.
Kaname: "I'm......Reidou Kaname."
For some reason I answer their question directly.
Akihito: "Mm...mmm......"
My shoulders are stiff, so I stretch for a minute.
I turn my neck a few times, then look at the time through my mostly-empty bottle.
......it's been quite a while.
There's only one bite of hot dog left on my desk. I've been engrossed for a long time without even realizing it.
The bread is dry and stiff now. I put the last bite into my mouth and wash it down with what's left of my lukewarm carbonated beverage.
Akihito: "It sounded really serious at the beginning."
Ayaya: "Reidou Kaname is super cool, isn't he?"
Akihito: "He takes things too seriously. Those otaku girls are gonna walk all over him."
I feel a strange sympathy for him. Maybe I need to rethink my own circle of friends.
Ayaya: "The whole thing's pretty long. You can save at any time, so how about taking a break, Senpai?"
Akihito: "No, I'm gonna read a bit more."
Ayaya: "Oooh! Senpai's slowly descending into our world!"
I've finished my drink, so I'll keep going until my throat gets dry. After making that decision, I return my hand to the mouse.
They dragged Kaname to a safe house that Kurage was able to provide because her father's rich.
They said it just had to be a cafe, which didn't make a lot of sense to me.
Kaname doesn't seem to understand it either.
Miyu: "I still think his transformation pose is important!"
Kaname: "I don't want to draw attention to myself, and the enemy is already against me. Taking the time to provoke them like that would only give them the advantage."
The cafe's closing up for today. We sit down at a booth in the corner so we can talk about what to do next.
Kurage: "The bad guys always wait for the hero to finish his dramatic pose."
Kaname: "But exterminating them quickly ensures minimal casualties......"
Momo: "You want to help girls in danger, right!? It's so cool when she goes "Kyaa, help me!" the hero says "That's enough!" and the bad guy goes "Wh-who the hell are you!?""
Miyu: "And he's gotta strike a pose when he says "That's enough!""
Kaname: "No, my enemies are no longer intelligent creatures. We can't expect them to react like humans......"
I have no idea why any of this is relevant to what we do from now on. Well, I guess technically it is, but......
Kurage: "Then how about using your ultimate move on them, then turning around and striking a pose as they explode?"
Momo: "That's right! Maybe he could say something like "Hu......evil is defeated!""
Miyu: "I knew you'd understand, Kurage-chan! Enemies always explode when the hero finishes them off and turns around to strike a pose!"
Kaname: "As you know, I don't want anyone knowing who I am. When my target is exterminated, my priority is to immediately hide."
Miyu: "Then maybe strike a pose before using your ultimate move?"
Kaname: "Before all that......I don't even have anything that you could call an ultimate move."
Miyu: "Eh? Eeeeeeh~? Not even one~!? But you're a hero!"
Kurage: "This can't be......! We must make one for you right away."
Momo: "This is a huge problem! You can't save damsels in distress without using ultimate moves to defeat evil!"
Kaname: "............"
The three girls remain excited. It would seem that ultimate moves are very important to them.
Miyu: "I think it has to be a kick."
Kurage: "I agree that a kick would be a good idea."
Momo: "Gotta be a kick~"
Kaname: "......why a kick?"
I'm completely lost. Apparently hero stuff needs an ultimate kick of some kind.
The three girls insist on it. Kicks are nostalgic. Kicks are vital. I can have other techniques, but I must have a kick.
Kurage: "It just has to be that way."
Kaname: "Sorry, but......I don't think they'll explode......"
Miyu: "Eh? Then how about putting gunpowder on your shoes!?"
Momo: "But but then his feet will get burned!"
Kurage: "In that case we'll add the explosions with CG afterward."
Miyu: "I'm not a big fan of CG explosions though."
Momo: "Fire laws are pretty strict these days, so there's not much choice."
Kaname: "CG......?"
Akihito: "CG? Are they talking about shooting a movie now?"
Ayaya: "Ahaha~"
When I take a break after a long period of intense focus――
A threatening shadow appears in the window.
Ayaya strikes a battle pose against the shadow, completely under the influence of what we just read.
Ayaya: "Wh-who are you!? A snake andromorph!? Acceptor Ayaya will exterminate the target!!"
The slender shadow opens the window from the outside and intrudes. Acceptor Ayaya freezes.
Kagome: "Oooh......? Give it your best shot."
As I thought, it's Kagome. Acceptor Ayaya is clearly too weak to defeat any real life monsters.
Akihito: "Give it up, Kouhai-kun. This witch is a real cyborg, so you can't beat her without transforming."
Ayaya: "......giving up."
Kagome: "You know, I might actually be a cyborg."
A scornful smile.
Ayaya: "Looking at Hinaori-senpai makes me think tokusatsu heroes might be real."
Akihito: "She would make a lot more sense if there was a special effects crew running around with her."
Kagome begins stripping. As usual, she doesn't seem to care that we're around. This isn't good for my eyes.
Kagome: "Don't worry about me, just lounge around."
Her clothes rustling behind me chips away at my young nerves.
Akihito: "......same to you."
By the way, this is my apartment.
Kagome: "You've been more reasonable lately, Akihito."
As usual, she acts like she owns the place.Driving a stake into sawdust. Reaching for the stars.Preaching to the choir. Explaining common sense to Kagome.
Akihito: "Ayaya, do you know what parts of that game Mayuki wrote?"
Ayaya: "I was wondering that too. Why don't we ask Mayuki-chan?"
Strike while the iron is hot. I pick up my phone and dial Mayuki's number.
I am extremely curious what that four-eyed badmouthed frog writes.
She can be surprisingly cute sometimes, so I get the feeling she produces really good stuff sometimes.
Mayuki: "The pervert's calling me."
Akihito: "Hey."
This already?
Mayuki: "I am honored that such a gentleman is calling me."
Akihito: "Better."
She always has something to say. I'm finally getting used to her.
Mayuki: "So, Mr. Gentleman, what do you want from me today?"
Akihito: "Nothing serious. I just wanted to ask what parts of that Acceptor game you wrote."
Mayuki: "Oooh."
Akihito: "It's a natural question, right?"
Ayaya: "Ayaya would like to know too!"
Ayaya makes noise behind me.
Mayuki: "I guess I can see that. But it's not like the words I wrote were put directly in there. Herm-san rearranged a lot of scenes and changed all sorts of details."
Akihito: "Aaah, I see. He must've put a lot of work into this."
Mayuki: "Herm-san's treated like a leader because he took on that tedious task."
That explains why it feels cohesive despite having so many contributors.
That's why people are looking for him. He's the only one who can put it all together and represent the project.
Akihito: "So what parts of the story did you come up with?"
Mayuki: "Mmm, I'm actually out of the house right now......"
Mayuki: "I know. I'll be free soon, so I'll head to your place."
Akihito: "Oh, really? You don't have to do that."
Mayuki: "I'd prefer to use my computer at home, but I'm closer to your place, Akihito-san."
I turn around. Kagome's violating the living room sofa in nothing but a shirt, as usual.
Well, I can just pretend it's a slightly sexy decoration.
Mayuki: "I'll be there later, so take your time preparing an extravagant welcome."
Akihito: "I'll have snacks and tap water ready."
The doorbell rings.
Mayuki's here. I thought she was in the middle of something, but she didn't take long getting over here.
Akihito: "Coming."
Now Kagome's dominating the bed for some reason. She's asleep. And her butt's exposed.
Akihito: "Why did she take her underwear off?"
When I awkwardly look directly at her, Ayaya spins me back around.
Ayaya: "No looking allowed. Ayaya will hide the evidence."
Akihito: "............"
I'm sort of glad and sort of annoyed.
As an emergency measure, she simply drapes a hand towel over those gorgeous curves.
I release the autolock and let Mayuki in.
Akihito: "Hey, that was fast."
Mayuki: "Just as planned. I was hoping to get off early today anyway so you gave me a good excuse."
Ayaya: "Welcome, Mayuki-chan~"
Akihito: "As long as I didn't interfere with your plans."
Mayuki comes into my room.
Mayuki: "Excuse me......
uwaaa!"
Akihito: "It's not that surprising."
After stepping inside, Mayuki is face-to-face with Kagome lying down on the bed wearing nothing but a shirt and a towel on her butt.
Mayuki: "Yes, it is. You invited an adorable girl over to your place only for her to discover the evidence of what you were just doing. Was it a threesome?"
Akihito: "We didn't do anything! Not even a twosome!"
Mayuki: "And what if you had done something? If Hinaori-san starts wondering why I showed up, she might strangle me out of jealousy."
Akihito: "I can't even count how many things you're misunderstanding."
Ayaya: "He's right. Ayaya's the only one who's done it with Senpai."
Akihito: "Be quiet."
I hang my head.
Ayaya: "Aau?"
Mayuki: "Ha! Was this situation all part of your plan!? Are you going to use all three of us as your obscene sex toys now?"
Akihito: "You really want to make me a sex criminal, don't you?"
Mayuki: "I don't believe I'm fabricating any of it, but......I had no idea the three of you were......"
Mayuki: "Actually, there were signs. I should have realized this."
Akihito: "N! O! Appearances aside, I'm completely pure."
That's a slight lie. Sometimes little lies are a necessary expedient.
Mayuki: "In that case......"
Mayuki lifts the towel on Kagome's rear.
Mayuki: "......how do you explain this state of affairs?"
Akihito: "That's, umm............ah."
Kagome always wears nothing but a shirt when she hangs out here, but I'm not sure how to explain that to other people.
The worlds of strangers are always filled with incomprehensible things.
Ayaya: "Mayuki-chan, look out, she's gonna eat you!"
Mayuki: "Eh?"
Kagome: "――――"
Kagome wakes up, and attacks Mayuki without a word. It's probably just a reflex action.
Mayuki: "Howaaaa!? This really was a plot to lock me up~!?"
Mayuki: "Aauuu, I'll never be the same......"
Mayuki picks up her glasses and tries to twist the frames back to normal.
Kagome: "You're the one who approached me while I was asleep."
Akihito: "......what kind of elite sniper are you?"
Mayuki's glasses were already dead by the time Kagome let go of them. Amen.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, do you have any screwdrivers for glasses......?"
Akihito: "Do you see anyone else here wearing glasses?"
Mayuki: "Uuu......I'll fix them at home."
Ayaya: "You should see the glasses shop near the station."
As she fiddles with her ruined glasses, Kagome approaches again.
Kagome: "Show me your face."
Mayuki: "Hii!?"
Kagome grabs Mayuki's jaw and looks at her face.
Kagome: "......I see."
Mayuki: "Wh-......what......?"
I've known her long enough, so I can guess what she means.
Akihito: "I think she's saying......you're surprisingly cute with your glasses off."
I'm pretty sure she has some malicious comments on top of that, but I choose not to translate them.
It's rare enough for Kagome to throw a compliment in among her insults.
Mayuki: "Wh-wh-what are you saying!?"
Mayuki: "That's because every girl whose glasses fall off in an accident looks cuter without them! But that's just an optical illusion because they look different!"
Ayaya: "What!?"
Akihito: "Is that for real?"
Mayuki: "Well, it's a lie."
I really should've let Kagome have her way with her.
Kagome: "Hmph."
Akihito: "......?"
The witch snorts and looks scornfully at me for some reason. A cold smile I can't understand, different from the one she taunted Mayuki with.
Mayuki: "The fact that Kaname has no special moves was one of my ideas."
Mayuki: "I wanted to shift the focus from the protagonist's fighting style to how the girls helped him out."
Ayaya: "I seeee~"
Kagome: "Ha! Using acknowledgment as a substitute for unsatisfied desires. What an impoverished pastime."
Maybe this world is more incomprehensible to the witch than it is to me.
Mayuki: "Why are you wearing nothing but a shirt......?"
Akihito: "......that's what she always wears......"
Mayuki: "I see, a life-size mostly-naked figurine."
Akihito: "Don't reuse old jokes."
Mayuki continues telling us which parts were hers, Herm's, and Amakuni's. Ayaya and I just nod.
Akihito: "It sounds like you and Amakuni did most of the writing."
Mayuki: "Word count isn't that important."
Akihito: "Still, Acceptor's getting pretty big, even though I'd never seen it before."
Mayuki: "It is spreading, but mostly in niche places."
Ayaya: "I think it's pretty popular~ I guess people who never surf the web just don't get to see it."
Mayuki: "So then Kurage uses her own money to start developing devices to help with his ultimate moves."
Akihito: "I know she's supposed to be rich, but isn't that stretching things a bit?"
Mayuki: "That's why she has to get a bunch of volunteers together. People who build stuff in their spare time are used to spending a lot of their own money on it."
Akihito: "Handmade combat devices......I can see the appeal there."
Before I know it I'm saving tons of bookmarks on sites with text and images related to Acceptor.
Ayaya: "Miyu's brother is such a good character! He's famous for symbolizing the otaku man's way of life with lines like "Happiness can only be found through an LCD screen.""
The conversation continues endlessly.
Kagome gets bored of it at some point and starts eating cheesecake by herself.
I'm stepping over a forbidden line, into the otaku world, with Mayuki and Ayaya as my guides.
―――I'd really like to see how the rest of this story goes.
====================真雪06 真雪の保護.json====================
I slept too much during the day, so now I can't sleep.
I pull another all-nighter while listening to music. I'll probably sleep during the day tomorrow. A vicious cycle.
I spent a lot of time last night looking through sites that Mayuki and Ayaya linked me. Before I knew it, it was nearly dawn.
Somehow I made it to school, but after two periods I gave up. I took a nap in the nurse's office but woke up after school was out.
Akihito: "Mmm~ Huhun~"
I listen to a CD Takahashi gave me. It's a new single from a local idol.
It's not my favorite kind of song, but it's decent background music for web surfing.
Akihito: "Mm-mmm~ Hmm~"
A quick swim in the electronic sea. I check tomorrow's weather even though I have no plans and move my cursor slowly onto some of the news articles that caught my eye.
If I had a mouse like Mayuki's with a zillion buttons, maybe navigating these pages wouldn't feel so sluggish? I should ask Mayuki how to use that thing―――
Akihito: "Mm?"
Kagome: "Akihito."
Akihito: "Uuo!?"
At some point, Kagome connected a microphone to my computer.
Akihito: "What are you doing!? Uuu, that hurt my ears......"
Kagome: "You have bad hobbies as well as a bad mind, Akihito."
The witch takes off my headphones without any apology.
Kagome: "You've always been an inferior being, but it's getting even worse lately."
Akihito: "......don't complain about what other people do in their free time."
She puts her hands on her hips and looks down at me through the gap between her boobs. In her eyes, I am merely an insect she just used insecticide on.
Kagome: "You get close to the chibi frog all of a sudden, and now you're listening to local idol songs?"
Kagome: "You'd have no reason to live if someone put a minimum age on your targets."
Why would anyone do that?
Akihito: "......are you treating me like a lolicon too? I just borrowed this from Takahashi."
Kagome: "Now you're inventing fictional friends to explain your subconscious purchase of an idol CD......you are doomed."
Akihito: "I am not going crazy!"
Besides, you're in Takahashi's class too!
Kagome: "Don't worry. You don't need any medication yet."
Akihito: "............just go home and sleep already."
It's already the dead of night.
Kagome: "Kagome wants to sleep with you, Onii-chan."
Akihito: "Cut it out. That doesn't work for you."
It's downright scary.
Kagome: "......Akihito, give me your hand. I'll show you an amazing trick with a knife."
For some reason, the room feels colder.
Akihito: "Eh? Wait, why are you, there's no......"
She grabs my hand. Her arms are slender, but I can't shake them off.
Humans are phenomena. Their muscle mass determines their potential output, so there should be no way for Kagome to overpower me.
Kagome's hands are like machines. She makes up for muscle mass with technique, in ways normal people cannot understand.
Akihito: "Stop, stop, please stop."
A kukri knife reflects the fluorescent light. The youngest of her three knife brothers, Sanrou-kun. It's the smallest, but still over twelve centimeters long.
Kagome: "Don't worry. This blade's sharp, so they can reattach it if you get treated right away."
Akihito: "Reattach......!? No, stop, really, wait, p-pleaaaase!!"
Kagome: "Now then......"
After I'm soaked with sweat like a freshly picked fruit, someone mashes the doorbell several times.
Kagome: "What? I was just getting to the fun part."
Kagome looks at the time. It's 2 AM.
The bell rings again.
I'm grateful to be freed from Kagome's world-class knife show, but who could be here at this hour?
Kagome: "Wait right here. I'll deal with the intruder."
Kagome walks away, still holding her unsheathed knife. I grab her.
Akihito: "Wait wait wait wait, don't "deal with" her! I'll get the door."
The doorbell continues ringing.
Akihito: "Who is it?"
I try to make it sound like I'm surprised to see someone at this hour.
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-san!"
Akihito: "Is that you, Mayuki? What are you doing out here at this hour? What if something happened?"
Mayuki: "This is an emergency!"
Mayuki: "A water main broke in front of my apartment building and the flooding is nearing a generator so they're evacuating the whole area!"
Akihito: "Eh......!? You're kidding, right......?"
Mayuki: "Yes, I am."
Akihito: "Okay then."
Mayuki: "Wait, waaaaait~!"
A pitiful voice comes through the intercom.
Akihito: "No third chances."
Mayuki: "Actually, some friends of those stalkers showed up. I tried to pretend I wasn't there, but they're camping outside now."
Akihito: "Is that true?"
Mayuki: "I took some photos just in case. Wanna see them?"
Akihito: "All right, you can come in."
I let Mayuki inside for now.
Mayuki: "I escaped when they went to the convenience store for snacks. They haven't done anything to me, but it's creepy knowing they're always out there......"
Akihito: "This is really getting to be a pain......"
I humiliated myself to get rid of them, but now they've brought reinforcements.
Kagome: "The reserve criminals have arrived?"
Mayuki: "Hia! She's here!"
She appears without a sound, so Mayuki screams.
Akihito: "You're the one who always carries knives around town."
Kagome: "For self-defense."
Akihito: "You don't need knives to defend yourself......"
Mayuki: "A-anyway, why is she still here this late?"
Kagome: "I'm his pretty girl guardian."
That doesn't explain much.
I make some coffee so we can drink while she explains the details. Normally we talk in the living room, but we'll do this in the bedroom tonight.
Because Mayuki's already sitting at my computer desk.
I hand her a cup of coffee.
Mayuki: "Thanks."
I thought she might say she can't handle bitter drinks, but she seems fine.
Kagome: "Akihito doesn't mind how big or small you are as long as you aren't――"
I ignore her.
Akihito: "Mayuki, do you need any cushions?"
Mayuki: "Ah, no, not at all. I don't like cushions. They feel stuffy."
Akihito: "I see."
Kagome: "Give me one."
Akihito: "What the hell are you sitting on?"
Kagome: "Akihito's bed. It's too stiff. Be considerate."
I ignore her.
Kagome: "You're boring."
Akihito: "Our store doesn't offer this service."
Mayuki: "Is she paying for you, Akihito-san?"
Kagome: "That's a good idea. I trapped Akihito in never-ending debt, and to pay it off......huhuhu."
Why are you laughing!?
Akihito: "Be quiet, criminal."
Kagome: "Not all evil acts are crimes."
Mayuki: "The world is scary."
Akihito: "This room is scary!"
Akihito: "So, why did this happen? I thought those guys gave up."
We finally get to the point.
Mayuki: "Yes. Those two seem to have given up completely after seeing Akihito-san's lolicon-ness."
She says something insulting while looking at the display. Mayuki's using my computer as if it's her own.
Kagome: "We could take a lot of eyewitness statements regarding Akihito's special sexual tastes."
No yellow journalism please.
Akihito: "Please stop saying things that might confuse people."
Mayuki's web surfing and even posting on a few sites.
Mayuki: "I'll never understand why people enjoy posting "first" and "second."You...need...to...grow...the...hell...up......there.Akihito-san, did you say something?"
Akihito: "This is about you. Pay attention."
Mayuki: "I'm too tired to think straight right now. Mmm~"Huhihi, lol, sorry, lolol"......there."
It's almost 3:30 AM now. We wasted a lot of time chatting.
Akihito: "Well, I'm pulling an all-nighter, so I guess we'll talk tomorrow. But Mayuki......are you planning on staying here?"
Kagome: "......"
Mayuki: "I can't go home."
Akihito: "What about your parents?"
Mayuki: "I told you I live alone. I already called them and said I'd be staying at a hotel."
Akihito: "So you were planning on staying here......oh well."
I can't really throw her out now. I'll let her stay one night.
Mayuki: "Gentleman Akihito-san is so kind."
Akihito: "You can use my dad's room. But only for tonight."
That's the room Benio used to stay in.
Mayuki: "We could sleep together."
Akihito: "You......"
Kagome: "I could sleep with you."
Akihito: "Wait, wait! Why are you saying that too, Kagome!?"
Kagome: "Crime prevention."
After Kagome and I glare at each other, we both turn toward Mayuki.
Mayuki's shrinking, as if my sense of perspective is off.
Mayuki: "Uhii, a sex criminal on one side, and a brutal killer on the other. What fate lies in store for Yuubana Mayuki!?"
Who's a sex criminal?I agree with "brutal killer" for Kagome though.
Akihito: "Both of you, go home."
Mayuki: "I will try not to cause any trouble."
Mayuki surrenders easily. The witch doesn't care about other humans, so I never had a chance of resisting her. This is my apartment, right......?
Kagome: "I'll keep a tight watch to prevent any sex crimes."
Akihito: "Whatever......"
Mayuki might feel safer with another girl around anyway......never mind, Kagome doesn't make her feel safe.
Mayuki: "In that case, I should get ready for bed."
Akihito: "Okay. Feel free to get up early if you can't sleep long."
Mayuki: "I'll be fine."
She lowers her head.
Mayuki: "Good night."
Akihito: "Kagome, you get to bed too."
Kagome: "After I see you go to sleep, Akihito."
Akihito: "......are you my mom?"
Kagome: "I told you, I'm your partner and pretty girl guardian."
Mayuki heads into her room. Kagome sits down on the living room sofa like a queen.
Despite having two girls around, nothing special happens all night.
The next morning. We begin our first anti-stalker convention.
Mayuki: "It appears those two sent texts to all their friends which made it sound like we all agreed they were going to live with me."
Akihito: "Those types have more friends than you'd expect. You could learn something from them, Kagome."
Kagome: "Dust is still dust no matter how much of it you bring together."
Get enough of it and you can make mountains. Not that Kagome cares.
She's the type who'd create her own independent government if she ever got any power. Siegfried Kagome.
Mayuki: "The forceful and passionate types are good at expanding their influence."
Kagome: "Hmph."
I see, that might explain it.
People who aren't used to human interaction because they spend all their time online. It's probably easier to manipulate them if you recruit actively enough.
Akihito: "But......if those two were forceful about making these friends, maybe that means these people are more reasonable? They might even speak Japanese."
Mayuki: "That is likely. They do seem like innocent victims of the other two."
Akihito: "Then why don't we try talking normally and see if we can make a deal?"
Mayuki: "I did that already. The team of five went home."
Mayuki: "When just the two stalkers attacked, it was a guerrilla operation with handpicked elite operatives. This time they're trying to crush me with sheer numbers instead."
Akihito: "That many?"
Mayuki: "That many. It's a zoo."
Akihito: "These people really are a pain."
This is more about information than people.
Information spreads all on its own. It changes as it diffuses, replicating exponentially.
The balbaloi combo's transmission caused this all by itself.
The situation is bad. It won't be easy to keep negotiating with these people every time a new group arrives.
But if we try to shoo them away, they might tell people we chased them out, and someone who means Mayuki harm might come next.
Mayuki: "Just in case, I asked ☆Ra-san and Kasuka-san to tell their friends to stop this......"
Akihito: "It's hard to imagine they'll deal with this for us."
Mayuki: "Yes, exactly."
Kagome: "I have a good idea."
Mayuki: "L-like what?"
Kagome's cold smile feels unsafe.
Kagome: "Take down one member of the flock in plain sight of the others. One sentence deters a hundred crimes. Slaughtering one human will send others the right message."
Akihito: "Why do you always want to kill people?"
I wasn't expecting anything from her, so this is hardly a disappointment.
Kagome's ideas are always technically correct, but a lot of them are unfortunately very serious crimes in modern Japan.
The witch's methods have no respect for fragile human relationships. She's far above us normal people.
Mayuki: "This crowd wants to watch all of us living together, so if we just wait a while, I think they'll figure out the two girls were lying."
Akihito: "And contacting them directly......isn't an option, right?"
Mayuki: "I did my best."
Akihito: "I'd rather not talk to them ever again, anyway......"
Mayuki: "I think our best option is simply waiting until this blows over."
Akihito: "Maybe."
Information spreads. Some spreads faster or slower, but all of it does eventually.
There's no one in Mayuki's room right now. Eventually they'll give up, head home and ask the balbaloi what's going on.
Those two will probably tell them some true and some untrue things. But since they saw with their own eyes that the two girls weren't living there, the important point should get across to everyone they know.
People can't understand each other. Thus, they work toward compromises. Sometimes avoiding contact is the wisest choice of action.
Kagome: "So you're homeless until then. Without shelter. A street urchin. Sucks to be you, chibi frog."
Mayuki: "I happened to discover yesterday that this dwelling is superb."
Akihito: "Hey now, are you just gonna stay here forever?"
Mayuki: "I don't think it'll take very long."
Having seen what these stalkers are like, it's hard for me to say no.
No matter how harmless they seem, Mayuki is living alone. There's no telling what might make them stampede or something.
Akihito: "What about calling family, relatives, or cops......?"
Mayuki: "......"
She goes quiet. There's definitely something she hasn't told us.
Kagome: "We really should take one of them down."
Akihito: "Don't do that."
Mayuki: "So I'll be sleeping here again tonight."
She puts her hands together at her knees and bows.
Akihito: "Tsk......fine, for tonight. No promises about tomorrow. Okay?"
Mayuki: "Waaa, thank you so much, Gentleman Akihito-san. I knew you'd be a nice Onii-chan and let me stay until this is resolved."
Akihito: "You are a terrible actor."
Kagome: "Then I guess I have no choice. I'll continue keeping watch to prevent any sex crimes."
Akihito: "Whatever............"
Mayuki: "Don't worry. I'm very busy, so I'll be gone most of the day."
My peaceful abode has been invaded, and my tranquility stolen from me.Thus, we begin sheltering Mayuki.
====================真雪06-07 ある日の集会.json====================
We're a coμ. Our lives are one now that we're connected to an avatar. We've stepped outside of the normal world.
But we're still a group. We have regular meetings to keep the group together.
Twice a week. Today we're in Shambleau, one of the open cafes around the plaza in front of the station.
Benio: "So Mayu-Mayu's staying at your place now, Akihito?"
Mayuki: "That's right. We need to wait and see how this plays out."
This is the third day Mayuki's been staying with me. They've shown no sign of leaving yet.
Benio: "Sounds rough. Should we come visit you again?"
Mayuki: "Yes. There's no telling when Akihito-san might suddenly lose control."
Akihito: "That's not going to happen!!"
Haru: "You never know with these things."
Kagome: "I'm keeping watch 24/7."
Haru: "Then it should be fine."
Akihito: "You too O-Haru-san!?"
The six of us dominate one table and chat randomly.
The Coμnet's been quiet lately, so we don't have much that we need to talk about.
Izawa: "Who cares about the brat? If you've got nothing to talk about, I'll just eat and go home."
Benio: "Who cares? ......you shouldn't talk about your friend like that."
Izawa: "Keep me out of your friendship delusions, Ironing Board."
Benio: "......th-they're not that flat."
She growls like a wounded beast.
Akihito: "It is peaceful though."
Mayuki: "There haven't even been many avatar sightings lately."
Haru: "You mean those rumors about UMAs appearing in the city?"
Mayuki: "Yes. When people see avatars, they usually assume they're skyfish, mothmen, or some other cryptid."
Benio: "Aaah, I can see that."
Mayuki: "They were a huge topic on local websites for a while, but they've run out of fuel now."
Benio: "So everything's calming down now?"
Akihito: "Maybe the Round Table's pacifism is more effective than we thought. It sure looks like they got everyone to start playing nice."
Quiet isn't a bad thing.
Ever since Jack the Ripper was dealt with, the Coμnet has been completely peaceful.
I haven't heard from Gasai once since those events.
Kagome: "The calm before the storm."
It feels like the witch is peering deep inside me, but I'll just ignore her pessimism for today.
Akihito: "Well, maybe to celebrate world peace, we should do something a little different from usual――"
I take some pieces of paper out of my pocket. Karaoke tickets.
One group with free drinks and 20% off the room. This thing is worth using.
Akihito: "They were handing them out at school the other day. Wanna go? It might be nice to do something fun together for once."
Benio: "Wa, so cheap! I'm going, I'm going!"
Haru: "Aaah......sure, I have some time before my shift."
Mayuki: "At a cafe that makes you wear that dubious uniform?"
Haru: "No, no, our cafe is pure."
Haru's maid outfit remains a mystery.
Does a normal, pure cafe put their waitresses in outfits like this? I should go investigate.
Akihito: "You're coming too, right Kagome?"
Kagome: "I'll go. Just to warn you, I'm amazing."
Mayuki: "Not "good" but "amazing"......that sounds intimidating."
Izawa: "I'm going home. I don't have that kind of free time."
Benio: "You're always saying that! This is a perfect chance to get to know each other better!"
Akihito: "There, there. If he's busy we shouldn't keep him. So, Mayuki, what about you?"
Mayuki: "......good question. If the drinks are free, maybe I'll go too."
For some reason, Mayuki doesn't look happy.
Benio's pretty good. Having an MP3 player on you all day every day must pay off.
Benio: "Aaaah, thank you, thank you."
Akihito: "That was really good! You could actually beat Kagome straight-up. If we ever make a band, you're doing the vocals."
Kagome's good too, but her repertoire is largely enka, which doesn't fit her character at all.
Mayuki: "For the other parts, Akihito-san would be the drummer since he has big hands, and Hinaori-san would be on the guitar......"
Mayuki: "O-Haru-san on bass, and me on the synthesizer."
Plus Ayaya playing the triangle.
Benio: "W-was it really that good? Tahahaha."
Benio's embarrassed.
Kagome: "Hmph."
Haru: "It was good. What song was that?"
Benio: "Ah, that was――......"
Kagome: "I'm next."
Kagome grabs the mic and remote at the same time. She's usually not this enthusiastic.
Despite her bad mouth, I think this proves she's warming up to everyone too.
Akihito: "You're good too, Kagome. Maybe it'd be best to give both you and Benio guitars and have you do dual vocals."
Haru: "Then O-Haru-san will have the castanets."
Kagome: "Of course I'm good. Now, Akihito, sing with me."
Mayuki: "Oh-ho, a duet?"
Akihito: "Uhe, that's kinda embarrassing......but okay. What song?"
Kagome: "This one."
Kagome uses the remote to send a song to the box.
The title appears on the screen."A Couple's Blood Coagulates ~Love is the Elixir of Death~"
............the hell is this?
My blood hardens~♪Platelets~♪
The baffling song finally ends.
I didn't recognize it at first, but after the intro I had no trouble singing it. That's weirdly common.
Still, that was a very gruesome and exceptionally lengthy song.
Maybe over ten minutes? I want to know where Kagome finds these songs.
Kagome: "You pass, Akihito."
Akihito: "That was a weird song......but kinda nice."
Benio: "Clap clap clap! I've never heard that before, but it was pretty good."
Haru: "Parts of it are really grim though."
Mayuki: "For those of us leading peaceful lives, it's mere fantasy."
The misfortune of being connectors is that we've got one foot firmly outside our old lives now.
Kagome: "Akihito, I'm thirsty. Get me a drink."
Akihito: "Right. Anyone else want something?"
Haru: "Beer for me."
Akihito: "I told you that the beer isn't free."
Haru: "Damn. Oolong tea, then."
Mayuki: "I'll have iced black tea."
Benio: "Grape juice for me."
Kagome: "Tomato juice."
Akihito: "......how can you drink tomato juice after all that singing?"
I grab the closed circuit phone to call the front desk and place my order. I get some soda for myself.
Akihito: "I'd like to place an order. Oolong tea, iced tea, grape juice, tomato juice, and――"
I put down the receiver and return to my seat. Everyone's having fun talking instead of singing now.
Benio: "You're all pretty good though. O-Haru-san, your......what was that song again?"
Haru: ""The Life of a Mewing, Sleeping, Playing Cat""
Benio: "Yeah, that one. I liked the sad nuance it had!"
Kagome: "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder."
Akihito: "That sort of seems like you, O-Haru-san, but sort of not......oh, come to think of it, Mayuki... You haven't sung anything yet."
Mayuki: "You noticed."
Mayuki's the only one who hasn't sung a song yet.
I recall she wasn't very eager to come when we invited her.
Haru: "Do you not like karaoke, O-Chibi-chan?"
Kagome: "Hmph."
Benio: "It doesn't matter if you're good or not. This is just about having fun. Why not try one, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "I'd......"
Benio tries to hand her the mic, but she won't take it. Instead, Mayuki looks down and starts shaking.
Akihito: "H-hey, what's wrong?"
Mayuki: "Actually......"
She looks back up with a sad face.
Mayuki: "I have a genetic brain disorder......"
Akihito: "Eh? No way......"
Mayuki: "They called it something like genetic tone deficiency syndrome. I can't tell the jump from do to so apart from the jump from mi to fa. I was bullied a lot when I was little because of it......"
Benio: "S-sorry! I had no idea you had an illness like that. I shouldn't have......"
Mayuki: "It's fine. I'm just lying."
Akihito: "You......!"
Benio: ".................."
Benio's still stunned, so I take it upon myself to punish Mayuki. I grab my coaster and smack her on the head with it.
Mayuki: "Oh, physical abuse."
Akihito: "Shut up."
Kagome: "If you're going to keep sobbing, I'll take another one. Next is "Love Even my Innermost Organs.""
Akihito: "......seriously, where the hell do you find these songs?"
Kagome: "You may enjoy my angelic voice."
At that moment, a waitress comes in with our drinks.
Waitress: "Here are your drinks. Soda, tomato juice, grape juice, iced tea and oolong tea."
Akihito: "Ah, thank you."
And so, the karaoke trip to deepen our friendship was a lot of fun.
In the end, Mayuki never did sing anything. She must have some kind of problem with it.
I'll get revenge for all her usual teasing by making sure she has to sing something next time.
====================真雪07 女３人集まれば.json====================
I continue sheltering Mayuki.
I check her apartment building every so often, but there's always a new set of faces there.
Those two weirdos know a terrifying number of people. A strange phenomenon.
Mayuki still can't go home. My life still can't go back to being peaceful.
Though this is still far more peaceful than when we had to worry about crazies like Jack the Ripper.
We're a coμ. If we lose our avatar, all five of us die. None of us are allowed to live or die alone.
At least I can take solace in the fact that none of us are in mortal danger.
Ayaya: "Se-se-se-se-se-se-se-senpaiiii!"
Akihito: "Huhh? Ayaya?"
I begrudgingly go outside to talk to her.
There's still plenty of people disturbing my peaceful life, even if none of them are serial killers.
Ayaya: "I-I-I-I've heard you've captured Mayuki-chan and are living with her!?"
My kouhai goes out of control right away.
Mayuki: "Yes, I've been captured."
And she makes it worse.
Ayaya: "From what I hear, Senpai and Mayuki-chan are living out their days like eroge characters!"
Ayaya: "Were you lying when you said you weren't a lolicon!? Uuuu! Is Ayaya outside your strike zone!?"
Akihito: "Who told you that!?"
Mayuki: "I can see why you'd make that mistake. The lion is raising a rabbit in his cage."
Akihito: "Get out, rabbit."
Mayuki: "Auu,auu!"
I kick the rabbit, but it clings to my leg.
Mayuki: "My apologies. Gentleman Akihito-sama is not a ferocious lion, but a sympathetic hippo."
Akihito: "Hippos are more dangerous than lions."
Mayuki: "So much for that."
She has no manners.
More humans have been killed by hippos than any other animal. Despite their looks, they're merciless when people enter their territory.
Ayaya: "Such a precise exchange of insults! You've already trained her~!"
She panics like Mr. Porter when he was attacked by a hippo.
Akihito: "Stop inviting misunderstandings!"
It always feels weird letting other people into your territory.
Before it was Benio. Now it's Mayuki.
I've let girls who were in trouble stay in my father's empty room before, but I never felt like this.
Humans aren't like hippos. They invade each other's space just by making contact because it's impossible to make contact without changing each other.
Mayuki: "The truth is that some friends of the stalkers are still scuttling around my place so we're waiting for them to get lost."
Akihito: "And I'm pretty sure we told everyone that. Why do you, Benio, and everyone keep checking on us all the time?"
Benio came the other day. Everyone's excuse is "making sure Mayuki's safe." What do they think I'd do to her?
Mayuki: "If you must know, it has to do with your daily conduct."
Ayaya: "But Ayaya remains firmly opposed! Firm. Ly. Op. Posed! I cannot allow any more adversaries to appear~!"
Mayuki: "Ayaya-san, you sound like the villain's lackey."
Ayaya: "Don't say that!Uwaaan, no lolicons! No lolicons!"
The tiny girl made her cry.
Ayaya: "Senpai, you should be waving your arms around shouting "Boobs, boobs!" more often~!"
Akihito: "What the hell do you think I am?"
Ayaya: "If you turn to the pettanko side, all the tender loving care Ayaya put into raising these will go to waste~!"
I coldly watch Ayaya grovel and flail. Her chest flails all on its own, far too big for her small body.
Ayaya: "Unyaaaaaaaaaaa~~~~Go!"
Akihito: "What's wrong?"
Ayaya: "Uuu, it hurts......"
Ayaya's one-man protest brings itself to a close when her hand smacks into a wall and she starts tearing up.
Akihito: "Anyway, I'm not a lolicon, and I'm not doing anything weird with Mayuki. Just calm down, Kouhai-kun."
Ayaya: "I cannot......I cannot accept this......perhaps Ayaya could stay with you as well?"
Mayuki: "Hinaori-san's still here. Are you sure?"
Ayaya: "Really?"
Akihito: "Really. It's not fun."
Ayaya: "My condolences, Senpai. If someone that terrifying is present, then you won't be able to make that mistake even if you used every ounce of strength you had."
Ayaya: "Ayaya's new strategy will involve being an oasis for Senpai's heart back at school!"
Akihito: "Please do that."
She's a little too noisy to be an oasis though.
After a while, the intercom rings again.
Akihito: "Again?"
Everyone wants to visit today.
Mayuki: "This harem route is terrible."
Akihito: "I didn't ask them to come! Besides, we don't even know if it's a girl!"
I should have known. It's Benio.
Benio: "Mayu-Mayu~ You okay?"
Mayuki: "Mayuki-chan is just fine~"
She waves her hand with a business smile.
Ayaya: "So Benio-san's here too~"
Akihito: "Why'd you ask if she was okay? Shouldn't it be "How are you?" or "It's been ages" or something?"
Benio: "Oh, what's going on?"
Benio's eyes widen and point toward the living room.
Akihito: "My home's being invaded."
I spit out the words, frustrated.
Haru: "Hi~"
Kururi: "I'm Kururi-chan. Nice to meet you."
Haru and Cat-senpai wave to us.
Benio: "Pleased to meet you. I'm Benio."
Kururi: "Benio-chan, okay, okay."
A group of girls is currently occupying my abode under the pretense of moral supervision.
Mayuki: "Must be tough, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "And whose fault is this?"
Mayuki: "I would blame the stalkers."
Akihito: "......technically, yes it is their fault, but......"
They say three women are noisy, but five are pure chaos.
It doesn't feel right to barge into their conversations, so I feel alienated. It's tough being the minority.
Kururi: "Hmm, hmm, so what is it like now?"
The noisy girls' conversation rages on.
Over time, the discussion gravitates toward the matter at hand.
I briefly summarize the attack of the stalkers and the waves of minions that came after them.
Benio: "Hmmmm, are you sure we shouldn't just call the police?"
Akihito: "That does seem like the obvious thing to do."
Mayuki: "It is, but......"
She pauses. Mayuki's been telling us not to call the cops since this started. She doesn't seem to have any dark secrets, so I have no idea why.
Akihito: "Well, anyway, we can't use the police for a while."
This case is even more of a simple misunderstanding than before. As with ☆Ra and Kasuka, I'd really like to deal with this quietly.
Mayuki still sympathizes with them, since they're all fans of the same thing.
Benio: "That's true, but isn't resolving these disputes part of their job?"
Ayaya: "Yeah, but I can understand how those people feel. We're all fans, you know. They just want to do whatever they can."
Mayuki: "I think they've gone far beyond that."
Benio: "If we don't consider how they feel, we're not much better than they are. O-Haru-san, what do you think?"
Haru: "If they're causing trouble, why not let the cops deal with them?"
Haru's throwing responsibility aside, but Benio's opinion is just like her. Our coμ's ally of justice.
Mayuki: "That would be overkill......since...it is just a misunderstanding."
Mayuki doesn't want to be too mean to them, but her words aren't as sharp as usual.
Benio: "You're so nice......"
Haru: "I could fall in love."
Mayuki: "......please don't look at me like an animal."
Kururi: "You can be such a pain, Aki-chan."
Akihito: "They're not really disturbing anyone else, and there's no sign of this escalating, so we shouldn't have to get the authorities involved......okay?"
Benio: "Wait......Akihito, Mayu-Mayu, are you two enjoying living together......?"
She glares at us.
Mayuki: "Actually, Akihito-san has been targeting me too."
Akihito: "Gah! You――!"
Benio: "Gyawa!"
Kururi: "Lolicon, lolicon, we found you!"
Haru: "I see, so Akihito's into that."
Ayaya: "Y-you are after all, Senpai!?"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san spends every day surrounded by strong-willed women, secretly nurturing his sadistic desires until he can choose a weak girl who can't resist him."
Mayuki: "Aaah! The darkness of the heart is so terrifying."
She spreads fabricated information with tears in her eyes.
Akihito: "Please stop talking like a profiler with too much imagination!"
Haru: "O-Haru-san recommends sticking to 2D for those desires."
Mayuki: "The pros dream about living inside the computer after death so they'll protect their chastity forever."
Benio: "Akihito......you're......into that......"
Mayuki: "I acquired this data through firsthand observation, so you can trust it."
Benio: "......noted."
She bows politely.
Akihito: "Why are you trusting her!?"
Ayaya: "Aaah! Every minute, there's another obstacle in Ayaya's way!"
The herd of onlookers should disperse in time. We're not doing much about it, but waiting for it to blow over seems like the best solution that doesn't risk further drama.
So as Mayuki wants, she'll continue to live here for the time being.
She only shows up late at night to go to bed, so it's not affecting my life much at all.
In the morning we leave for school together, but then she spends all day somewhere else until sunset.
She does monopolize my computer, but that's not a big deal.
She tells me if I learn enough I could enjoy all my music, movies, games and even time my ramen entirely via the computer.
Mayuki already has one foot in that world.
Ayaya: "Mayuki-chan, where do you spend time after school?"
Mayuki: "I hide in a cardboard box by the river and chirp."
Benio: "Did Akihito scare you or something? You can tell Benio-san."
Akihito: "How rude. I'm a feminist. Mayuki's the one who wants to kill time outside."
Akihito: "If you've got nothing to do but wander around, you don't have to avoid my apartment. Especially on weekends."
Haru: "You don't even know where your pets are all day."
I ignore her use of the term "pet."
Akihito: "It wouldn't feel right to pry, you know?"
Benio: "That's true, but......"
She seems strangely unsatisfied. Benio's protective of young girls.
Mayuki: "We want to keep an appropriate distance in our relationship. I don't think Akihito-san is too worried about what I do during the day. It's not causing him any problems."
Ayaya: "Yeah, yeah! I think that's the right way to do it. I completely agree! Distance is important, very important. Yes yes yes."
Akihito: "Ayaya, you shouldn't inch toward me while talking about distance."
I shift my cushion to the side, distancing myself from Ayaya.
Ayaya: "Auuu......"
She immediately tears up.
Haru: "That's true. Mayu-Mayu might be a young, hip party animal after school."
Benio: "Uguu......"
She goes red. She's still weak to explicit jokes.
Ayaya: "Oh-ho, Benio-chan's weak to pervy stuff? Oh-ho, oh-ho!"
Ayaya's casually calling her "chan," even though Benio's the older one.
Benio: "S-stop it. I-I really don't......"
Mayuki: "Ayaya-san, are you a perv?"
Ayaya: "Well, as much as anyone else. Aha, ahahaha."
Haru: "So you've already taken down fifty men at your age."
Kururi: "Ihihi, I don't criticize other people's pastimes, but take it easy."
Benio: "F-filthy!"
Ayaya: "N-no, no, actually it's still 0.0000......times zero......"
Mayuki: "Just say zero."
Akihito: "............"
They're not listening. It's stunning how low-brow the conversation gets when there are too many girls around.
In this day and age, Benio's purity is almost blinding.
When faced with the cruel reality, do people yearn for purity and seek girls too young to have......?
Akihito: "Ah!? What am I thinking......?"
If this keeps up, I'm going to be brainwashed in a terrifying and bizarre way.
Ayaya: "Senpai, please tell them Ayaya's fine with dirty jokes but is really completely pure~!"
Akihito: "Take responsibility for what you said. I'm gonna go play a game――"
I flee the water cooler convention for my computer desk.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san seems to be slowly getting into it."
Mayuki's suddenly standing next to me.
I click to bring up the usual program.
Acceptor N. Mayuki's right. I am getting into it.
Haru: "That's one of those games for otaku-chans, right? Is it an eroge?"
Benio: "Acceptor is not a porn game!"
Akihito: "............!"
A shadow on the window vanishes in an instant. Kagome was here. What was she doing......?
Customer: "*slurp*......*slurp* *slurp*......"
The quiet customers slurp up their chukamen noodles.
It's considered fancier to heat the noodles up in a microwave and eat them without making noise back in China, but this place is different.
In this little ramen shop, audibly slurping up your noodles is the right way to eat them.
Suddenly, a loud rumbling wipes out the slurping sounds. The glasses on the counter leap, and the windows shake.
Customer: "*slurp*......! *slurp*............hau, hau, *slurp*......"
The customers don't even flinch.
The bar counter is separated from the kitchen by just a single sheet of glass. The owner and his white hat are focused on producing more chukamen.
The sound was like a whip. Instead of a knife, he uses his fingers skillfully to turn the dough into two pieces, then four, and so on until they form noodles.
The process causes several noodles to slam into the cutting board. Flour scatters all over the room, including the owner's face, like makeup powder.
The slamming sound is quite loud, and makes the glasses on the counter shake every time.
Nonetheless, the customers slurp their noodles in silence.
It's an inconspicuous shop off the beaten path. Most of the customers are regulars. They're all used to this.
A door opens, flooding the dark shop with light. A man enters and walks directly toward the counter.
Owner: "Your order?"
The owner asks without looking away from his noodles.
Man: "............"
Owner: "What's your order?"
Man: "............"
Owner: "......well, take your time. I'm in no rush."
The man still won't sit down. He slowly raises his hands instead.
He then swings both down into the counter.
His exceptional strength pulverizes the counter.
He takes one more step toward the owner, breaking through the glass like a thin plastic film.
The man's hands aren't human anymore. Metallic structures connect his neck to his shoulders. His mouth roars with bare animal fangs.
Man: "My order is......your fleeesh......!!"
Owner: "U-uwaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
Customer: "Wh-wha......what!?"
Monster: "Uuu, ga......ah, gugogegegagagaga......guga, ga, ga, aaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
His arms shake as he roars, destroying the shop quite easily.
Customer: "C-call the p――......!"
The handful of other customers run wildly.
The man has completely transformed into a monster. He leaps up almost to the ceiling.
One of the fleeing customers sees the table nearest him suddenly split in two.
His terrified eyes focus on the bundles of tough wire in the animal's legs.
Monster: "Guoaaaaa!"
Customer: "Gya!"
The monster swings its arms, sending the customer flying into the opposite wall.
Owner: "Y-you bastard!"
The owner comes out of the kitchen with a knife, bravely charging toward the monster.
Noodle knives have unusually large blades, so it's more like a cleaver than a regular knife.
Owner: "Monster!!"
That knife breaks apart without making the slightest scratch.
Monster: "Uu, gugugu, gu......!"
The monster turns around, various parts of it creaking and grating. It's completely monstrous now, but its bizarre face still has a human expression.
The Owner's shaking hands drop the broken knife. The monster looks into his face.
Owner: "Uu......wa, ah......!"
Monster: "Gu...gu...gu......"
It slowly raises its enormous arm.
It doesn't need to build up strength. Just letting its arm fall from gravity is enough to kill a human.
None of the customers can move. Terror sews their shadows to the floor, preventing them from fleeing.
Owner: "H-help......help me......!"
The owner's face falls under the shadow of the monster's arm. The expressionless monster smiles.
But――
Kaname: "............"
A man leaped into the store, amidst the silence of fear.
The arm stops for a moment as the monster's attention is diverted.
The man rushes up in less than a second. He rolls along the floor and grabs the broken knife with one hand.
With the momentum from that roll, he uses all of his strength to jam the sharp piece of metal into the monster's back.
Monster: "Gaaaaaaaa!?"
That same blade bounced off its skin before, but now it stabs deep inside.
The monster swings its arms in anger, but its claws merely reduce another table to splinters.
Monster: "――――"
The monster's eyes open wide.
A new fantasy stands mere centimeters from where its claws were a moment ago.
He wears the armor of medieval knights made exceptionally light by modern science.
The armored man stands so still the monster has no idea when or how he evaded its claws.
Monster: "Guo......ugu, y-you......!"
The monster pulls out the bits of stainless steel in its back and glares at the intruder.
Who wears that armor――?
The Acceptor, Reidou Kaname.
Kaname: "A jaguar andromorph. You're the third. Target locked on. Exterminating."
Monster: "You're the Acceptor!? I will never......uguoaaaaa......fall to you!"
The air between Kaname and the monster grows tense.
The half-open door behind them slowly opens wide.
Miyu: "No, Kaname-chan! You have to strike the cool pose before fighting!"
That tension evaporates the moment the peanut gallery arrives.
Momo: "I-I think what he just did was already pretty cool, but the hero of justice does need to state his name first. And when you do it right the girls will all go "kyaaa!""
Kurage: "We rehearsed your appearance so many times. You can't just forget about it, Kaname-san."
The newcomers were the real-life transforming hero Reidou Kaname and his cheerleading squad of FX otaku.
Kaname: "No......this is dangerous. You shouldn't be here. The andromorph cells have already infected this man's brain. I thought it would be best to act quickly so no innocent people got hurt......"
They boo my sensible opinion.
Miyu: "Just do it already~ Boo! Boo!"
Kurage: "The bad guy will wait for you to finish posing. The rest of us will ignore it. That's how these things work."
Momo: "R-......Reido-san, you're already very cool, but it'd be so much better if you used the pose too!"
Kaname: "............"
I'm thoroughly stunned that they care about such things during a life and death situation.
But if they insist. I do owe them a great deal.
Besides, the reason I have this accursed body now is because I took my life far too seriously.
Maybe I should heed their words more.
So I strike the "hero pose" they suggested earlier......though it's quite embarrassing.
Kaname: "......ahem."
Kaname: "I-I am the Acceptor! I will accept this power......my duty to fight......my destiny!!"
......it's still really embarrassing.
Miyu: "He's a cybernetically enhanced human made by a mysterious secret society, whose fate is to risk his life fighting evil!"
Momo: "Waaa! *clap* *clap* *clap*"
Kurage: "Good follow-up, Miyu-san."
I clasp my hands together as if in prayer. Of course, the monster doesn't do it with me.
Monster: "Die!"
Kaname: "Gua!?"
An intensely painful attack hits at my most vulnerable moment. At least he was nice enough to wait until I finished my line.
Thanks to the exoskeleton, I manage to keep myself from falling over.
Miyu: "How dare you attack him when he's posing!? ......you have no right to be a special effects monster!!"
Kurage: "Maybe it was too old-fashioned to do the pose before fighting? Should we have him try saying it during the fight next time?"
Momo: "Reidou-saaan! Please kick the crap out of that guy!"
Kaname: "Uu......I know, that's my objective."
I stand up. I have to exterminate all twelve of the escaped andromorphs.
That's something only I can do. I can't let myself be defeated until I achieve that.
Miyu: "You should've said that's your duty!"
Akihito: "I kinda like how this is both tense and not tense at the same time."
Mayuki: "If the protagonist was alone, it would've been a very dark, cruel, and serious story."
Mayuki's not the only onlooker behind me anymore.
Benio: "Reidou Kaname is so cool. He's slowly acting more like an ally of justice even though he doesn't notice it."
The justice maniac appears. Come to think of it, Benio probably would love this stuff.
Kururi: "It's even more exciting because no one knows who the authors are."
Akihito: "Though those authors made it out of tons of people's ideas."
The internet really is a deep, uncharted sea. Nameless artists can produce a masterpiece completely out of the blue.
Mayuki: "By the way, Akihito-san, who's your waifu?"
Akihito: "Waifu? You can't be serious......"
The otaku girl asks me a ridiculous question. She's smirking, so she must be doing it on purpose.
Ayaya: "Ayaya would also love to hear the answer to that. For future reference."
Haru: "Let's expose your fetishes to the world."
Kururi: "As your Senpai, I would love to know what your preferences are. Hihihihi!"
Benio: "I'm......also interested."
Everyone else asks the same question. What the hell?
Mayuki: "You can't back down now. Please come out of the closet now."
Akihito: "Hmmm......these three always felt like a set unit to me, but if I had to pick one......Miyu? She seems fun."
Mayuki: "So boobs?"
Kururi: "I see, I see, so it does come down to boobs."
Haru: "It's always boobs."
Ayaya: "Yes, boobs! Good call, Senpai."
Benio: "Boobs......"
Exactly one of the onlookers acts like it's the end of the world.
Akihito: "Stop talking about boobs! I was talking about her personality."
Ayaya: "No, no, Senpai, you have to be on the side of boobs! Yes, yes, thank goodness, it's such a relief to hear that."
Mayuki: "He might also be into short pants."
Ayaya: "That too!?"
The herd of girl-shaped ants continues squatting all night, devouring every last scrap of food in the fridge. The female appetite is terrifying.
They eventually started going home one by one. Ayaya tried begging me to let her stay longer, but she noticed the eerie shadow in the window and retreated immediately. Kagome's very convenient for getting rid of people.
Tonight Kagome and Mayuki stay at my place again. My daily life continues to be infiltrated by the new world.
====================真雪08 アイドル消失_0604.json====================
Rain was falling sporadically around dawn.
Moist air still fills the area. There's still water between all the bumps in the manhole covers. Definitely not a refreshing morning.
Akihito: "Gloomy day."
The sky this morning has an unhealthy color.
Mayuki: "Really? I quite like overcast skies like this."
Mayuki steps in a tiny puddle. I follow her, stepping cleanly over the same puddle.
Akihito: "Just like an indoorsman."
Mayuki: "This sky is clear, but not too bright. I can look up and enjoy it instead of getting blinded."
Mayuki: "It's probably nice and misty up above the clouds......"
Akihito: "You wanna fly up there?"
Mayuki: "That's a good idea. Should we get Babylon out and head up?"
Akihito: "Babylon can barely jump. It can't fly."
Back when we were fighting Jack the Ripper, we did ride on Babylon a few times.
But nothing can escape from gravity. Even the black dragon with its gravity control is no exception.
Mayuki: "I do ride it sometimes, but I never thought about flying on it."
Akihito: "I always thought those activation signals were Izawa. You use it too?"
Akihito: "Still, I guess we could fly at low altitude in the middle of the night in an uninhabited area at least once."
Otherwise Takakura City would have a new urban legend about black UFOs between buildings.
Akihito: "Hmm......"
I look up at the sky and think. I get the feeling we should test out our avatar more. Not for curiosity's sake, but just in case we need to use it again someday.
Avatars are dangerous and very large. We'll have to choose a suitable practice area.
Akihito: "Are there any shooting ranges or something we could use as avatar testing grounds?"
Mayuki: "Doubt it."
Akihito: "......oh well."
Mayuki is so cold.
I wouldn't be surprised if that arrogant king was having war games in some underground arena.
Akihito: "I gotta go to the convenience store."
Mayuki: "Let's split up here, then. I'm heading to school."
Akihito: "Okay, see you later."
I'll have a spicy curry dog for breakfast today. The weather's murky, but I can at least make the inside of my mouth bright and clear.
Mayuki: "Please fulfill your duties as a student, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "You don't need to tell me, Mayu-Mayu. Besides, you have the same duties."
Mayuki: "I'm already earning my own keep. I'm heading to work as we speak."
Akihito: "Don't lie so casually."
I call her on it immediately. Mayuki's eyes go wide.
Mayuki: "Huhu, Akihito-san......you're learning."
Akihito: "You she-wolf. Didn't your teacher ever tell you that lying leads to stealing?"
Mayuki: "Yes, yes. Anyway, I'm off."
She spins around, like a fairy twirling as part of a dance. Mayuki waves one hand.
I raise one of mine in response and she runs off without looking back.
Ayaya: "Akki-senpai, Oasis Ayaya has come today to heal Senpai's heart."
The noisy Kouhai shows up during lunch break.
Akihito: "Don't call me Akki, Eni-kouhai. I'm just starting to get used to this new lifestyle."
Ayaya: "That's great. It must've been tough for Mayukki-chan too."
Akihito: "Don't say Mayukki either. But weren't you opposed to Mayuki staying at my place?"
Ayaya: "I get along fine with her, but sleeping in the holy sanctum of Senpai's apartment is a different matter."
Ayaya: "Plus, I've been using secret Ayaya transmissions to talk to Mayuki-chan on a regular basis."
Akihito: "After you left!? H-how?"
Ayaya went home just after 9 PM.
Mayuki didn't go outside once since then. She just killed time with me.
Though I'm pretty sure Mayuki has some kind of cell――
Was she chatting with Ayaya while we were talking!? I can't underestimate her multitasking prowess.
Ayaya: "Don't underestimate a girl's passion for talking with other girls. Anyway, after our exchange, Ayaya has changed her mind and now supports you protecting her."
Akihito: "How did she convince you?"
Ayaya: "Don't tell anyone, but she said it'd be easier for me to bring Senpai down once he's an otaku."
She looks serious.
Akihito: "That's highly impure."
Ayaya: "My feelings for Senpai are pure~!"
Akihito: "Your eyes are impure. And stop clinging to............huh?"
Ayaya: "Mm-hmm? What is it?"
I push on Ayaya's forehead to keep her off me.
Ayaya: "Did you receive radio waves from space?"
Akihito: "No......"
That was an activation signal. Someone summoned Babylon.
Who? Izawa's most likely, but Mayuki said she uses it sometimes too.
Ayaya: "Unyuu? Then did you see a skyfish?"
Akihito: "Something like that. It was zipping across the sky. Lately I've been wondering if Kagome's controlling it."
Ayaya: "She's a skyfisher!?"
I'll distract her with some Mayuki-style nonsense.
Akihito: "She gives it orders by rubbing her nails together to produce microvibrations. It flies faster than the human eye can see, slips in through your ear, and damages your brain."
Ayaya: "Amazing! I need to tell Mayuki-chan to put that into Acceptor. A snake andromorph!"
Akihito: "Kagome's probably a cyborg too."
She can't fight avatars, but she probably could take down real-life heroes. I'm sure she could at least handle a mid-boss.
Just to be safe, I'll ask Mayuki about that activation later.
After school――
Ayaya: "Senpaaai! Senpai Senpai!"
Akihito: "Hi."
The front gates. Kouhai arrives at mach speed.
Ayaya: "Actually, I just heard some hot breaking news fresh from the oven that's filled with terror and macabre!"
Akihito: "Macabre too?"
Ayaya: "Yes, indeed. I was doing independent information gathering activities during class time."
You should be studying.
Ayaya: "At midday today, a kidnapping occurred in broad daylight in our own Takakura Ci―――"
Akihito: "Kidnapping......?"
Kidnapping people for ransom is a very complicated crime with a low success rate.
Ayaya: "And the victim was that new idol girl."
Akihito: "They kidnapped an idol? ......is this the setup to a porn flick? That sounds huge if it's true."
Ayaya: "She's still not a national success though."
Akihito: "So she has a cult following or what?"
Ayaya: "More like she's still local――Here's a picture."
She shows me an image she just downloaded onto her phone somehow. A girl with huge round eyes and a natural smile.
Akihito: "Ah, I've seen her as a guest on a morning show."
Ayaya: "That's right, that's right, it's Yuuna-chan. She's the big loli idol emerging from this region."
I look at the image. I admit she's pretty, but she's outside my strike zone. I'm sure certain people would be into her though.
Akihito: "I really don't get lolicons. What's so appealing about these underdeveloped bodies?"
I say it now, just to be safe.
Everything is the mixture of several day-to-day events. If I persistently resist the false label of pedophilia, eventually they'll start to believe me.
Ayaya: "I think she's pretty cute in an idol way."
Akihito: "So she really was kidnapped?"
Ayaya: "Yes, that! There's a rumor that it wasn't a human kidnapper......"
The serious story suddenly turns ridiculous.
Akihito: "......now it just sounds fishy."
Ayaya: "Someone in the area posted this online. To be honest, we still don't even know if it's a kidnapping."
Akihito: "Sticking your neck into baseless ramblings like that won't get you anywhere."
Ayaya's also a creature who likes to step on landmines, though in a different way from Kururi.
Akihito: "Anyway, what do they think happened?"
I might as well listen to this while we walk downhill. Ayaya talks while wandering around and gesturing dramatically.
Ayaya: "――So Yuuna-chan went into her dressing room and never came out."
Ayaya: "It was on the fourth floor, and her manager was waiting just outside the door because of their tight schedule."
Ayaya: "She never came back out, so he knocked on the door and said "Yuuna-chan?""
Ayaya: "But no one answered, which he found strange."
Ayaya: ""Yuuna-chan, what's wrong? Are you okay?"He asked several times but thre was no answer. He got worried and tried to open the door."
Ayaya: ""Yuuna-chan!Yuuna-chan!?"He got out his spare key to open the room, but Yuuna-chan was nowhere to be seen......"
Ayaya: "......all he saw was the white curtain fluttering in the breeze from the open window......!"
Ayaya's face could not be any less credible.
Akihito: "So the kidnapper got away via the roof?"
Ayaya: "They said he'd have to go through the hallway the manager was in to get to the roof."
Akihito: "Was there a fire escape or......I guess they'd know about that."
Ayaya: "Indeed, they wouldn't miss something like that. This is Takakura City's missing idol."
Akihito: "I can see Werecat-senpai loving this......"
This isn't a mystery novel. Can stuff like that really happen in real life?
The window was the only exit. No traces of using any special equipment. For now, we'll assume the manager isn't in on it.
It's unlikely a pretty girl idol has the kind of stamina required to climb down the side of the building.
The manager was watching the hallway the whole time. There's no way she could slip out and make it look like a closed room later on.
Ayaya: "Ah, that's right, someone from a nearby apartment building said they saw a huge monster next to the one she was in!"
Akihito: "A monster......?"
―――An avatar?
Akihito: "Ayaya, show me that picture again."
We don't even know if this is a real crime, but the sighting of a monster nags at me.
The Coμnet has been very peaceful lately. It's easy to forget, but steel monsters are running wild beneath the surface of this city.
Ayaya: "Yuuna-chan's our local star, and there's been a lot of rumors about monsters in Takakura City lately. What do you think, Senpai?"
It's been a few hours since something happened, and the police aren't involved yet.
The answer could turn out to be very boring, like she spent too long in the bathroom or something. 
Akihito: "You always seem to find really stupid things to get involved in."
Ayaya: "Auuu, do you have to say it like that......?"
Akihito: "I guess saving a local idol wouldn't be a bad use of time."
Akihito: "If she needs saving, of course. This will probably keep bugging you for a while anyway, so let's look into it. Hopefully it'll turn out to be nothing."
―――I remember the red color.
Memories never stop following me around. They're always right beside me.
I imagine the girl in the picture bleeding. My chest hurts. I don't want to see something so nauseating.
Ayaya: "Yes! That's my Senpai.But don't get cocky and start seducing the idol, okay!?"
Akihito: "It would be kinda nice if that happened."
I smile like it's nothing.
====================真雪09 君の名は結奈_0604.json====================
Preliminary investigation is important for closing cases. That's something Miya-san told me at Izalone before. 
Benio: "......I see, she disappeared from her dressing room?"
Akihito: "I don't know how much of that is true. I've got Ayaya looking into the sources now."
Benio: "All right. What can I do?"
The ally of justice is always brimming with altruism.
Akihito: "I'll call again if I think of something. For now I just wanted to ask: Did you summon Babylon today?"
Benio: "No. I thought that was Izawa."
Akihito: "......so I wanted to ask if you did, O-Haru-san."
Haru: "I haven't used it either. But......does this mean one of us is involved in that kidnapping?"
Akihito: "I don't think so, but......"
Even Izawa wouldn't use Babylon to kidnap a local idol for ransom.
Akihito: "But her disappearance might involve someone's avatar. I'm just checking since I remember feeling an activation around that time."
Mayuki must be busy, because when I call her I just get an answering machine. I leave a message just in case it gets to her somehow.
Izawa: "How should I know? Don't call me over something that stupid. Go die in a gutter."
Akihito: "You die."
Akihito: "Found out anything?"
Ayaya: "About that, Senpai......someone uploaded a cell phone picture of the monster! It's very fuzzy though."
Akihito: "It's not a fake?"
Ayaya: "It might be fake, but Ayaya's instincts say it's real!"
Akihito: "If it is, this could get really troublesome......"
Ayaya: "Aau, th-that's right!"
It's getting very likely avatars are involved. If so, the police can't handle this.
Someone has crossed a line, overwhelmed by the tremendous power they suddenly gained one day.
When you have a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
When you commit crimes, you get arrested and tried under the law――But once that deterrent no longer applies, the feeble boundaries called morals are the only thing holding people back.
Once you leap over that line once, for whatever reason, you don't know how to get back anymore. All that remains is a slow demise.
After you kill one person, killing ten or a hundred isn't that different.
In retrospect, we could've gone that way ourselves.
Akihito: "......a mysterious shadow and a sudden disappearance. Sounds more like a UFO sighting than a mystery."
Ayaya: "Ooooh, an abduction!! Well well well well, if it really is a kidnapping, this is gonna be huuuuge!"
If this really is the work of a coμ―――
Activating an avatar downtown in broad daylight. That's too bold to be their first crime.
On the other hand, it doesn't seem like a well thought-out plan. They didn't even try doing it at night. It feels impulsive.
They could've tried getting her into a back alley or something instead of going to the trouble of getting her out of a dressing room. That way they might've avoided suspicion that it was a kidnapping.
Are they trying to be as obvious as possible――?Is the whole point to get people's attention?
I hang up on Ayaya, and I get a call from Mayuki.
It's a voice mail. According to it, she's pretty close to me, so I decide to go see her in person.
Akihito: "Hey, Mayu-Mayu. I happened to be in the area when you left that message."
Mayuki: "Why call me in the middle of the day? I'm on my way to a mass prayer meeting for the sacred light dragon."
I find Mayuki on the north side, along Hanasaki road.
Akihito: "Eh? Is that a real thing?"
Mayuki: "No."
Akihito: "You......!"
I vent my pent-up anger by clenching my fist and letting it shake. This is the first thing she does?
I feel like Mayuki gets harsher the more I get to know her.
Akihito: "Anyway, I was trying to find someone."
Mayuki: "Find......someone?"
Akihito: "Yeah, so......"
I lower my voice, and beckon for her to come closer. Mayuki's eyes widen with curiosity.
Akihito: "There might be a coμ involved. They might have kidnapped her."
Mayuki: "............oooh, did she disappear from a closed room too?"
Akihito: "Yeah, exactly. Good guess, Mayu-Mayu. This is her......"
I take out my phone and show her an image of the local idol.
A long-haired, white-skinned pretty girl in natural clothes.
Though when she's performing she always wears something more flamboyant.
A pure maiden designed to fulfill the fantasies of her fans, facing the camera with an embarrassed smile.
However, her smile is quite nice. It doesn't feel completely fake.
Akihito: "Recognize her?"
Mayuki: "Of course......only Akihito-san would have such a gorgeous loli's picture on his phone at all times."
Akihito: "Mayuki......are you listening to me?"
Mayuki: "I believe I'm making an effort."
Stop doing that. Don't pretend to be serious all of a sudden.
Akihito: "Anyway, the victim seems to be this idol that all the lolicons worship."
Mayuki: "So she's the idol of a prepubescent girl fan club founded by Akihito-san."
Akihito: "I prefer more voluptuous girls!"
To keep my dignity as a human being, I make a shameful confession.
Akihito: "But more importantly――"
I tell her what we know about the closed room idol disappearance. In particular, the fact that a monster was seen, and that it seems impossible for a human to pull it off.
Mayuki: "Hmm, hmm, I see."
She makes noises, but I'm not sure if she's really listening.
Akihito: "Anyway, since there might be a coμ involved, we can't ignore this."
If I'm right about this, it's no laughing matter.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, as usual you're really, really nice to just women."
Akihito: "Shut up. Anyway, it wasn't you who summoned our avatar earlier today, right?"
Mayuki: "......I wouldn't be so sure."
Akihito: "Ayaya and Benio are looking into what happened. If you've got time, please join them. If there are coμs involved, none of us should be alone."
I try to lead her by the arm, but Mayuki resists.
Akihito: "Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "......I know you're only nice to women, but why go out of your way to look for that idol?"
Mayuki: "You've never talked to her or anything. You don't even know if she's actually missing. Are you trying to be a real school battle hero or something?"
Akihito: "I'm not interested in a role that troublesome."
Akihito: "......I'm just worried about this."
I scratch my head.
Akihito: "I'm the kind of guy who can't sleep when something's bugging me. I want to deal with this now so I can get to bed on time."
Akihito: "Things have been quiet lately, but there are lots of connectors in this town, and we know that some of them are evil."
Mayuki: "......like Jack?"
Akihito: "Yeah, I guess. There's probably some people who just make honest mistakes, and others who simply can't be reasoned with."
Akihito: "I hope this really is just a misunderstanding, but I'd prefer we deal with it now so the worst thing that can happen is some of our free time going to waste."
Akihito: "And I'm a feminist."
Mayuki: "......people who call themselves feminists usually aren't."
Akihito: "Shut up."
I try pulling her several more times, but she still won't move.
Akihito: "What's wrong?"
Mayuki: "......I do know that idol."
Akihito: "You mean......personally?"
Mayuki: "Yes. I know her very well."
Mayuki shows a very suspicious smile.
Mayuki: "I could arrange a meeting if you want."
I follow Mayuki to a nearby cafe.
A rather well-known place on the north side called Hocus Pocus.
Waitress: "Welcome. Please have a seat."
I ask the waitress for a hand towel. I resist the urge to wipe my neck sweat with it.
I don't know who decided that only old men wipe their faces with these hand towels, but I want to object. You have no idea how humid it is during monsoon season.
Waitress: "Where is your......?"
Akihito: "She's in the bathroom. Just leave the towel there. Thanks."
Waitress: "All right. Please call me when you've made your decision."
The waitress' simple outfit is pretty nice.
I always prefer simple uniforms to gaudy, frilly stuff. Most guys my age seem to disagree.
The cafe has a calm atmosphere. I'm surprised Mayuki knew about places like this.
As for where she went―――
Mayuki: "I'll go call the cute idol, so wait here a moment."
She said that and ran off into the bathroom.
Akihito: "If this is a joke, she's dragging it out too long......"
A booth seat behind a column. Most people in the cafe can't see back here, which is calming, but I'm not sure if I should be killing time like this.
Akihito: "I can never tell how much of what Mayu-Mayu says is true......"
I look through the menu as I wait.
As I try to optimize my meal plan, a finger taps on my back.
Akihito: "Mayuki? What have you been――"
Yuuna: "Sorry for the wait! Pleased to meet you. I'm Yuuna☆"
I turn around and freeze.
Akihito: "............oh."
Yuuna: "I'm not supposed to be here, so don't make any loud noises, okay?"
Without a doubt, that's the girl I saw in the picture. I hold up my phone with robotic movements just to double-check.
Same hairstyle. Same face. Aside from the clothes, it's Yuuna.
She's wearing Mayuki's clothes.
The same terrible outfit Mayuki was wearing a moment ago.
Akihito: ".........really?"
Yuuna: "Aha♪"
The embarrassed smile from the photo is right in front of me. This has to be her.
Akihito: "Y-......you're kidding, right?"
Yuuna: "No, I'm not☆"
Akihito: "Seriously?"
Mayuki: "Seriously."
This time she answers with Mayuki's voice.
What the hell does that mean?
Akihito: "......so, your day job is being an idol, and in your spare time you're an otaku......?"
Do those two ever go together?
Mayuki: "I'm also a school battle heroine."
That's true.
Akihito: "Uwaa............"
No wonder she had the income to afford those electronics despite living on her own.
Akihito: "I'm actually shocked......I thought you were kidding about having a job."
Mayuki: "I was lying when I said that was a lie."
Akihito: "Can't let my guard down around you."
Mayuki: "Ah, I never did thank you for the other day. I'm a diligent worker, so I can easily pay for your meal here, since you're a lazy starving student."
Akihito: "Damn you, middle class. I can't say no to that."
I guess it's fine to let someone younger than you treat you once in a while, especially after shocking you like that.
I'll get a sandwich, a Napolitan (which is fake spaghetti) along with a parfait and some coffee, just to get the most out of this.
Mayuki: "Okay. Excuse me."
Mayuki: "......oh, better put my glasses on and mess up my hair."
She still has makeup on her eyes, but changing her hair then putting on glasses and a hat is enough to change her back to the normal Mayuki.
She actually can transform. Just as magical as the witch back at my place. A chameleon andromorph.
Waitress: "Yes, what will you have?"
Mayuki: "Umm, a cafe au lait."
Akihito: "I'll have a Napolitan, a ham sandwich, orange juice, and afterward a green tea parfait and some hot coffee."
Waitress: "All right, then."
She repeats our order to double-check, then heads off to the kitchen.
Mayuki: "That was awfully greedy."
She objects.
Akihito: "That's the penalty for being a lying otaku four-eyed bourgeoisie chibi idol heroine."
Mayuki: "That's not a bad title."
Before long, the stupidly huge order arrives on my table.
After one bite, I realize I ordered too much. I take a huge bite out of my sandwich to try and keep her from noticing.
Akihito: "So, how did you disappear from that room?"
Mayuki: "I used Babylon to get to the roof."
Akihito: "So you are the culprit!!!"
Mayuki: "There, there."
Akihito: "This is serious."
I wasn't expecting it to be her. I was stupid for getting all serious about this. But at least I know it's not a big deal.
Akihito: "Why did you use our avatar to run away? What happened to being a diligent laborer?"
Mayuki: "Hmmmm, I guess I have to explain."
Akihito: "You'd better. Don't keep hiding stuff."
Mayuki: "Huu, all right. It's a long story though."
Akihito: "Isn't that why we ordered a meal here? Aaah......feel free to skip private stuff though."
Mayuki: "Okay."
Mayuki nods, reassured.
I twirl the Napolitan around my fork and take a bite, trying to relax. The ketchup sauce tastes great.
Mayuki: "I was scouted for this job."
Yuuna slash Yuubana Mayuki tells her story.
Mayuki: "As you know, I'm an otaku, so I had no interest in idols. But my parents were overjoyed when I got scouted."
Akihito: "I can imagine that."
Mayuki: "Yes. My parents are big on honor and glory, so they were afraid of my otaku hobbies bringing shame to the family or something. They couldn't refuse that offer."
Akihito: "So you weren't entirely willing."
Mayuki: "Indeed. I wasn't that strongly opposed though. I got them to let me live by myself in exchange."
Akihito: "I see, so that's how you pulled that off."
A lot of parents are like those people who put strange clothes on their chihuahuas.
Instead of loving who their children are, they want to change their children into something they adore.
They don't realize that's just self-satisfaction and doesn't help the children find happiness at all.
There's no limit to how egotistic people can be. Arguably, love and friendship are all indirect forms of self-satisfaction. Blood can't overcome the gap between people.
Mayuki: "My hobbies are expensive, after all. I was actually glad to get a bigger allowance."
Akihito: "Electronics and otaku goods aren't cheap."
Mayuki: "Yes, yes, I was happy to get enough space to pack all my new stuff into."
Mayuki turned out pretty well considering.
According to a certain famous psychologist――Compulsive lying and obsession with fictional stories are symptoms of a very lonely childhood.
――And it goes on and on like that until you fall asleep. It's all dark stuff.
Mayuki: "It feels strange saying it about myself, but I'm good at juggling two separate lives. Until now, that is."
Mayuki takes a breath and sips her cafe au lait.
Akihito: "Did something happen?"
Mayuki: "Yes, Acceptor. I told you there are people who want to commercialize it now, right?"
Mayuki: "Unfortunately, the job of establishing communications with the companies fell to me......"
Akihito: "Why's that unfortunate?"
Her expression is dubious to say the least. You'd think she'd be happy about something she wrote being so successful.
Mayuki: "As I said, my life as an idol is very separate from my life as an otaku girl."
Mayuki: "When it came to Acceptor, I was always just one of the nameless authors."
Mayuki: "So I don't really want to be involved in the commercialization."
Akihito: "I'm not sure I understand......"
So what's the problem? Does she not want to call attention to herself?
Mayuki: "Mmm......"
Mayuki gazes at the ice in her cafe au lait as she thinks.
Now that I know the truth, I can see that Yuuna and Mayuki have exactly the same face.
But I think she's trying to say they're two different people.
Mayuki: "You know when a super obscure band you're supporting suddenly goes mainstream and it just doesn't feel right?"
Akihito: "Aaah, that I understand. I know it's just childish and silly, but it still feels wrong somehow."
Mayuki: "This is a much stronger version of that."
Mayuki: "I was a fan of that band, but now it's going mainstream and suddenly I'm one of the members."
Mayuki: "The band's newest member has been one of their biggest fans since before they were famous!"
Mayuki: "It's not the best analogy, but you get why I feel weird about it, right?"
Akihito: "I see......I think I get it."
Some people would love that, but not everyone.
Akihito: "So what does that have to do with you sneaking out of the dressing room?"
Mayuki: "The meeting with that company was today."
Mayuki: "I refused them several times, but they were getting really persistent."
Akihito: "So you ran away from them?"
Come to think of it, when I called Mayuki the other day, she said I had good timing because she was thinking of ending early or something.
She must have been running away back then too.
Mayuki: "Yes. I was tired......"
She sighs like a middle-aged man tired of life.
Akihito: "Mayuki, you seem to be popular with the persistent types."
Mayuki: "I really wish I wasn't.I prefer ignoring all this complicated stuff. Like you, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "Was that a confession of love?"
Mayuki: "Please die."
Mayuki: "The truth is, I was......wondering if I should quit."
Akihito: "Quit being an idol?"
Mayuki: "Yes............"
―――Was.
So she's not still thinking about quitting.
Everyone has their own circumstances. In the end, the only one who can save you is yourself, and maybe luck.
Not to mention I didn't even know Mayuki was an idol until a few minutes ago. I have no idea if she should be quitting or not.
Akihito: "I think I understand what's going on. Well, whatever you do, try not to cause too much trouble."
I stick to something vague and inoffensive.
Mayuki: "Yes......umm, Akihito-san, about this......"
Akihito: "You bought my silence by paying for all this food."
Mayuki: "Thank you."
Akihito: "But why tell me now? You've been keeping it secret all this time."
She hasn't even told her coμ until now――
Mayuki: "There's no particular reason. I owe you for helping with the stalkers and all......"
Mayuki: "......well, I thought it'd be sad if you lost sleep over this, Akihito-san."
Mayuki: "Call it a warrior's pity."
Akihito: "Neither of us are warriors."
Mayuki: "Teehee."
The frog sticks out her lying tongue a little. I'm still not sure what she's really after.
====================真雪10 真雪の生活.json====================
It's evening by the time we leave the cafe. We're not quite in the center of the north side, so it's not very crowded.
I should tell everyone else that the idol disappearance turned out not to be a serious problem.
Cell phones are a convenient tool to connect people. I choose Ayaya's number.
Ayaya: "Ah, Senpai? Someone said they might've seen this Yuu――"
Akihito: "He's wrong."
Ayaya: "Eh? What was that!? How can you know without letting me finish first!?"
Akihito: "The kind, gentlemanly Akihito-kun already found the idol-chan."
Ayaya: "Eh......!? Really!?"
Akihito: "Bye now."
Ayaya: "Wait, where on Earth did you......!?"
Akihito: "I've gotta escort her back, so I'll be home late. I'll explain the details some other time."
Ayaya: "Wait, wait, wait, Senpaaaaai!?"
I hang up before she can ask too many questions.
Akihito: "6 PM. We should get going."
Mayuki: "Yes, umm......"
Akihito: "Don't say anything."
Akihito: "I found you sitting on a bench near the station and said hi. I didn't ask anything specific. That okay?"
Mayuki: "Yes. I'll take care of the rest."
Akihito: "You're good at dodging questions."
Mayuki: "I enjoy it."
She smiles wickedly.
Manager: "Y-Yuuna-chan!?"
I walk Mayuki to the office building where she works. A gorilla runs toward us with a shocked expression. Apparently that's her manager.
He feels more like a military officer.
Mayuki: "Sorry. I wasn't feeling well, so I went outside to get some fresh air."
Manager: "Fresh air......?"
He doesn't look happy that she missed the meeting, but he's relieved that she wasn't kidnapped.
Manager: "But your room was locked from the inside, and there were no other ways out......"
Mayuki: "That's......I'm not really sure."
Obviously none of these people know that Mayuki can summon an avatar to escape with.
They seem baffled by that mystery, but they let it go for today.
Humans will make up logical explanations for things they don't understand. After a few days, they'll all forget this even happened.
Mayuki: "Now, I don't want to impose on you all the time, so tonight I think I'll sleep at my place for once."
Akihito: "I see. Maybe the stalker friends are finally gone now."
Mayuki: "Yes. If I sleep with you all the time, Akihito-san, my chastity will be in danger."
Akihito: "Could you at least pretend to be grateful?"
Mayuki: "Aha, I am grateful. It's so much fun teasing you, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "Y-you......!"
I escort Mayuki home. The bus from the station to her place takes ten minutes.
Whenever our biweekly meetings run late, Mayuki always hires a cab to take her home. Damn bourgeoisie.
The night is still young, but I don't want her to go home alone, especially since there might still be wackos waiting outside her place.
We walk from the bus stop through a rather run-down residential area.
Walking side-by-side really emphasizes just how much shorter she is.
Mayuki: "......I did have my mobile devices, but as an otaku girl, it doesn't feel right to go too long without touching my home PC."
Akihito: "Weren't you using mine all the time?"
Mayuki: "Yours is a little odd."
Akihito: "Was it hard to use? I know you haven't done all that customizing to it."
Mayuki: "That's not a big deal. The awkward thing was how all your porn videos were in a blindingly obvious location like "New Folder.""
Akihito: "Y-you saw that!?"
And everything inside it!? Did she see all the needlessly careful organization I did too!?
Mayuki: "I backed up all of it on here."
She smirks and strokes her phone. Mayuki is now officially a true demon.
She not only touched a sacred part of a man's life, but she copied all of it!!
Akihito: "Give that back right now! Delete it! Delete it all so that no one can ever recover the files!!"
Mayuki: "Ahaha, I was lying about that. But you made it so obvious, I'm sure Hinaori-san's seen it too."
Akihito: "No......not my sacred......"
Mayuki: "She might be checking what you add and delete from it every night."
She sneaks in from the window like a burglar and walks around the empty apartment like she owns the place, right up to my computer.
She opens "New Folder," plays each file one by one, then walks away with no trace of emotion on her face.
Akihito: "It's so plausible that it's terrifying......"
Mayuki: "If I told you how to hide it then I'd still know where it is, so you need to research better techniques on your own."
Akihito: "D-dammit......! I can't figure out why, but that's really irritating."
Akihito: "This is bad."
Mayuki's apartment building. None of the stalker's friends are here, but―――
Mayuki: "Uwaaa, the second wave."
Snacks, wrappers, and water bottles are littered all over the ground.
There's a certain area where the garbage forms what looks like a stone circle.
At the center are a few figures standing up, like prizes or offerings or something.
A group of extremely long-haired girls. They almost look like kijimuna or keukegen, but Mayuki tells me they're heroines from some anime.
......is this an altar?
Akihito: "Looks like you were right to come to my place."
Mayuki: "These people usually turn out fine after they spend time with friends for a while......"
Akihito: "But time isn't limitless."
I put my hands together and bow slightly. They probably won't bless me or anything.
Akihito: "......I'll help with the cleanup."
Mayuki: "You're so kind. I'm not treating you again."
Akihito: "I'm always kind."
After we clean up the area, Mayuki takes the three mail order coupons we found and invites me inside.
The empty entrance hall has only Mayuki's shoes. I leave mine next to hers. They make me look like Bigfoot in comparison.
Mayuki: "Come in. I still can't believe they glued the figures down."
Akihito: "What on Earth were they trying to accomplish......?"
I set the chain lock, take off my shoes, and turn on the light. Mayuki turns on her computer.
It really is important to her. She watches the boot screen without even sitting down.
Once her custom desktop appears, she starts spinning the mouse around.
A few twirls bring up several applications one after the other, including a browser and a file manager.
Akihito: "I remember seeing you twirl the mouse like that before. How does that work?"
Mayuki: "Ah, this? These are mouse gestures. They're really convenient once you're used to them."
Akihito: "Mouse gestures......?"
Mayuki: "Google the details."
Akihito: "O-okay."
Please tell me......fine, I'll look it up when I get home.
Mayuki: "Oooh, someone's uploading a lot."
Mayuki starts browsing her favorite pages, starting with the Acceptor wiki.
Akihito: "The wiki? Have there been a lot of new updates since you were last here?"
Mayuki: "Ah, no, I was checking it every day. Once you get in the habit, you find yourself checking several times a day."
Akihito: "Is that how it works......? Anyway, so these updates here are very recent?"
Mayuki: "Yes, they are. Ah, I have the usual bottles of tea in the fridge. Have whatever you want."
Akihito: "Okay, you want one too?"
Mayuki: "Of course."
She's completely different from when I saw her talking to the manager. Yuuna is a manufactured persona. It's probably tiring for her to act like that all the time.
But everyone has their own set of masks. It's always hard to tell which one is their true self.
The Mayuki in this room. The Mayuki online. The Mayuki connected to us by Babylon. The idol Yuuna.
They're all Yuubana Mayuki, but they're all different.
Mayuki: "Oooooh, so that's what he did with this interpretation......this guy almost never writes, but when he does he has great twists."
Akihito: "Here's your tea."
Mayuki: "Thanks."
She's very active now. She talks much more freely than she does at our biweekly meetings. Everyone feels more comfortable in their own personal territory.
Akihito: "You seem to be enjoying yourself."
Mayuki: "Everyone enjoys themselves when they're doing their hobbies. Don't you, Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "My hobbies......"
――I remember the red color.
A thick red, and a smell of iron invaded the white floor.
My memories may fade, but they never stop repeating themselves.
My mother's hand grew colder every second. My heart rotted away, and I gazed up at the gray sky from that roof.
Even magma is just a black lump when it cools down. Likewise, the heart closes up when it loses heat.
But on that roof, a silver blade pushed me forward again.
A single woman came from the edge of the world and handed me a cursed object that symbolized the truth.
The top drawer in my desk. I still have the boorish knife locked up in there. I'm too afraid of throwing it away, as dumb as that is.
The past won't go away. No one can escape from it.
Knowledge and experience are what make up a person. Their wounds and mistakes are their resume. Like cell phone records, they never go away.
Akihito: "......"
I've only used this tool once. It occurs to me that I haven't gotten passionate about anything in a long time.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "Ah, sorry. Umm, I thought of a good excuse for when the others ask about the activation signal."
I make up a lie on the spot.
Everyone tells lies. To protect themselves. To keep others from getting too close.
Mayuki gazes at me, puzzled.
She fled into a world of fiction because she didn't like how vain and self-centered her parents were in real life.
Everyone needs fairy tales. Very few people can live solely off of what reality actually provides.
I've probably been lacking an "outlet" for some time. I should try to find a hobby.
Mayuki: "Did Dragon Black-san say anything?"
Akihito: "Izawa? He likes to keep to himself, so I wouldn't worry about him. Should I report to him anyway? It might be the start of a beautiful friendship."
Mayuki: "Wouldn't it be easier if I talked to him?"
Akihito: "Izawa's calmer than he looks, and he can be really nice to people who seem harmless. Like Mayuki, Mayuki, and especially Mayuki."
Mayuki: "Huhu, even I know which people not to lie to."
Akihito: "Isn't that a lie?"
Mayuki: "Yes."
Akihito: "............well, I'll ignore that for now."
Mayuki: "Please do."
She moves the mouse around without pause, moving from web page to web page.
She starts on personal blogs and other sites for people with the same hobby, then checks on new pieces of merchandise, then looks at some mainstream news sites.
On the way she sees a picture of Yuuna and smiles.......her fansite has a lot of racy pictures on it. It feels weird seeing that.
She also checks tomorrow's weather and some auctions, then the Acceptor wiki, and finally back to some anonymous image board threads.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, you might be surprisingly well-suited to this. A lot of people are biased to reject this stuff without even thinking."
Akihito: "Is that a compliment?"
Mayuki: "Hmmm, which is it?"
Mayuki dodges the conversation and continues clattering away on her keyboard. She has no stamina, but her hands move fast.
Mayuki: "Having no biases means you're willing to find the positives in whatever you come across. I'd call that a compliment."
Akihito: "I see. Then I'll take it."
Mayuki gazes enjoyably at the wiki.
Even I liked watching transforming heroes defeating evil monsters when I was a pure little boy.
Everyone eventually notices that fairy tales are full of holes, but they all dream at least once before that happens.
In Acceptor, people who love hero stories meet a real hero.
It's a little different from the childhood delusion of becoming a hero yourself.
Akihito: "By the way, there's something about hero stories that always puzzled me."
Mayuki: "Oh, Akihito-san, you've discovered a new passion?"
Akihito: "Not that......I mean, heroes always seem to have special moves that can destroy the monster in one hit. Why do they never use that at the beginning?"
Mayuki: "Aaah, yes. Everyone asks that at some point."
Mayuki: "But there's never a good answer, so we all assume they just choose not to or they can't use it unless they're in real danger."
Akihito: "Okay, but wouldn't it be better if the show actually gave us a reason for that?"
Mayuki: "Ho-ho."
Akihito: "For instance, you need to use that ultimate move to finish off the enemy――"
Akihito: "But the raw damage of that move isn't that high so you have to soften them up first, or something......"
Mayuki: "That works. Break through the monster's armor before delivering the final blow to the body's core!"
Akihito: "Yes, exactly! Something like that!"
Before I know it, we're both nuzzling up to the monitor, posting about how it should work this way or that way.
Tiny pebbles thrown into the electronic sea. A tiny piece of data grows into something huge all by itself.
Pebbles form waves, and waves create more waves. They swell up in directions that no observer could predict.
It should only be a series of 1s and 0s, but it grows like a living creature.
A work created by people who've never met. It still feels mysterious to me.
====================真雪11 ネットの出来事.json====================
It's been a few days since Mayuki returned home. Once again, Kagome and I dominate this apartment.
Kagome: "Nice and quiet."
Akihito: "Yeah."
The space is suddenly much larger. It's back to normal, but it feels lonely somehow.
After school. I don't feel like going to that lonely apartment right away, so I let Ayaya take me downtown.
Ayaya: "Now that most of the harem has cleared out of your life, Senpai, you can finally spend calm days with your kouhai again."
Akihito: "That's no harem. It's just a source of fatigue."
We kill time going to discount shops and convenience stores like any other student.
Ayaya: "This area looks so nice these days."
Akihito: "You really sound like a local when you say that."
Ayaya: "The stuff behind that building was heavily damaged five years ago."
Ayaya: "Though they've rebuilt all of it now."
A shadow covers her lively face.
A series of terrorist attacks orchestrated five years ago by some religious cult.
A gorgeous city. Kouhai's carefree smile.
Peace is always easily broken, no matter where you are. Misfortune and tragedy can slip through even the slightest opportunity.
Ayaya: "Did the stalkers ever come back and resume the siege on Mayuki-chan?"
I return from my deep thoughts. The shadow on Ayaya's face has vanished.
Akihito: "Huh? You haven't spoken to her?"
Ayaya: "I've texted her a few times, but she doesn't reply much."
Akihito: "She does seem really busy lately."
She skipped work and made people think she was kidnapped, so she probably can't afford as much time off for a while. I assume she's just busy with her secret idol life right now.
Ayaya: "Oya, you know what she's up to?"
Akihito: "Not really, she just said she'd be busy."
Ayaya: "Hmmmm, I wonder if Mayuki-chan has a job."
Akihito: "I think she does. She's said her hobbies are expensive."
Ayaya: "Aaah, Mayuki-chan is pretty deep into it."
Mayuki's idol work is still a secret. She doesn't want people connecting Yuuna the idol to Yuubana Mayuki the otaku.
Akihito: "Oh......isn't that her?"
I find Mayuki's face on a poster in a convenience store.
Yuuna (ie, Mayuki) is standing amongst several people in fancy clothes. It looks like a poster announcing some magazine's special feature about hot new idols.
Ayaya: "What......?Wait,aren't these all lolis!?"
Ayaya: "So you were into that, Senpai! You're on the side of pettanko superiority!Take this, white eye!"
Akihito: "S-stop that, don't look at me like that! Read the poster!"
Ayaya: "Oooooh! You meant Yuuna-chan who disappeared from her room the other day. We never did find out what happened, but I'm glad it was nothing serious."
Akihito: "Yeah. I hear even her staff doesn't know what it was."
I left my explanations as vague as possible. Lies can be very convenient.
The sound of a text message.
Akihito: "It's Mayuki."
Ayaya: "Oooh! Speak of the devil."
I read it without letting Ayaya see, just in case she's saying something secret.
Text: Mayuki: "I need to do a quick live tour of Europe in Paris, Brussels, and Milan. Please log my threads while I'm gone."
For now I reply "Got it, and don't lie." She's probably referring to the Acceptor threads on those image boards. I'm pretty sure――
Text: Mayuki: 
（
The wiki has logs too, but everyone assumes someone else will update those so it tends to miss a lot. It's best to log it yourself.）
Can't she do that from her super phone? Or is she so busy she can't even find the time to set that up?
Akihito: "She says she's going to be very busy for a while. She asked me to log the Acceptor threads for her for a while."
Ayaya: "Is it something serious......?"
Akihito: "She didn't say that. If she's still worried about Acceptor, I doubt it's that bad."
Ayaya: "That's true!I hope Mayuki-chan gets back soon."
She meanders around a bit, as if she's lonely.
Akihito: "You two really seem to get along, despite acting totally different."
Ayaya: "Otaku girls always get along. But that can be a bottleneck sometimes~"
Ayaya: "Mayuki-chan seems to like Senpai too, which makes it even harder for Ayaya to do anything to you."
Akihito: "Umm, you know she just sees me as a toy to play around with, right?"
Ayaya: "That's not true at all. I know! How about Ayaya handles the logging for you?"
Akihito: "Hmm......I've never actually seen those threads in real time, so I think I should take this chance to get a feel for them."
Ayaya: "You're gradually getting deeper into our world, Senpai~"
I've looked through the wiki a lot, but I've never checked the actual threads.
A certain netizen I know says it's far, far better to see them in real time than to just read the logs.
Seeing is believing. I'll see what it's like while I set up the logs.
Text: Mayuki: "The wiki has links to active threads. If it's missing one, you'll have to search for it yourself."
With Mayuki's guidance, I arrive at my destination. I skim through the real threads.
Akihito: "............"
Ayaya: "............"
―――My first reaction: What are these weirdos so up in arms about?
711: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Wed)
Why is Yuki ignoring Amakuni-san's canon? Is she retarded? Does she have a death wish?
712: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Wed)Pro tip: Yuki's the lazy one
713: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Wed)
>>658All she does is steal others' ideas
714: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Wed)
This is seriously irritatingI'm actually pissed off irl over this
715: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Wed)
I always liked Yuki's stories......this is hugely disappointing. Since Herm-san's not coming back, Amakuni-san's all we have left now.
716: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Wed)
What kind of name is "Yuki" anyway? Moe names won't change the fact that filthy otaku are still filthy otaku, lol
717: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Wed)
I can't find work AND it rained yesterday. It's all Yuki's fault.
Akihito: "The fuck......?"
This is really weird.
I scroll and scroll, but there's nothing here except criticism of Mayuki.
Akihito: "Is there some weirdo making a ton of angry posts......?"
Ayaya: "Look at the IDs. It's not just one or two guys......"
A significant number of people are slandering Yuki......ie, Mayuki.
What's going on? I don't remember anything like this when Mayuki and I were browsing yesterday.
I scroll up. I retrace the thread."We don't need Shityuki anymore, lololololol""Look, the lazy wannabe Yuki stopped coming, lol""It'd be irritating if she came back so let's keep bashing her for a while""Yuki's gotta be the worst of Gachapan's friends.""Good riddance.""Is Herm-san ever coming back......? I really wish he'd publicly denounce Shityuki. Seriously."
I look up and down, but the slander just goes on endlessly.
The more I read, the more a burning weight builds in the pit of my stomach.
I check the dates. It looks like this thread exploded after the slander started.
Akihito: "What the hell is all of this? ......this just isn't right."
Ayaya: "Hmmm, this is pretty bad......but the internet can be like this sometimes. You just have to get used to it."
Akihito: "But it's gotta hurt to see everyone belittling you like this......"
Right now the majority of the thread is made up of posts criticizing Mayuki.
Even if we assume they're complaining about some new plot twist or whatever they don't like......
What's with all the name-calling, pointless nitpicking, and sheer hostility? Why are they all insisting on calling her work shit, as if it's some plague on the whole story?
Akihito: "............"
After looking far back in the logs, I manage to find the post that opened the floodgates.
Everything before that was a perfectly reasonable jumble of everyone's ideas being proposed and discarded.
Then one person suddenly denounces Yuki."Yuki's shit. I'm never reading her work again."
Then several more people pop up to agree with him, and it snowballed into this.
Akihito: "What made this happen so suddenly?"
Mayuki hasn't even written anything recently. She's been too busy with work.
Ayaya: "......it does seem like there's something going on behind the scenes."
Akihito: "Behind the scenes?"
Ayaya: "Like people flaming and bashing Mayuki-chan on some other board."
Ayaya: "Well, flaming and being flamed is normal on the internet. You just have to get used to it."
Akihito: "I kind of understand that, but......"
For now, I sit back in my chair and sigh.
If there is someone pulling the strings behind this, what started it?
Could it be the stalkers we fought off? They sang the highest praises of Mayuki, but maybe they hate her now that she's turned them down.
Akihito: "Maybe not......"
Back then I played the bad guy, and that was the end of it. Or so I thought.
Akihito: "Ayaya, do you usually read this too?"
Ayaya: "I don't check the actual threads very often......"
We're connected to people you can't see online. That also means we have no way of knowing what they're thinking. 
If you go shine a light on them, they may very well turn out to be monsters.
Akihito: "............"
Shouting back at them would only throw more oil on the fire. Any posts in support of Mayuki would just get drowned out in the negativity, or treated as a sockpuppet.
So the answer is no different here―――The only one who can save you is yourself.
Akihito: "......we'll just have to wait until Mayuki gets back."
Ayaya: "Yes......"
I save the logs like she asked, and leave it at that.
A few days pass. I try not to worry about the threads and just log them indifferently.
They've calmed down somewhat, but that's because everyone's playing along with the loudest posters.
There are probably a lot of people like me who have nothing against Mayuki, but aren't going out of their way to defend her.
But even that's a minority.
Things are quiet now because there's no word from Mayuki. I can easily imagine everyone making "We missed you~!" posts when she returns.
Mayuki finally gets a break from her work, and comes to my apartment.
Mayuki: "Did you log everything?"
Akihito: "Yeah, though there were other problems."
Mayuki: "Problems?"
Worrying words. Mayuki's eyebrows come together.
Akihito: "Well, you should probably look at it."
Mayuki: "All right, then."
This feels extremely awkward.
I could have pretended I forgot to log the threads, but she'd probably notice this was happening anyway.
I have to show her.
Mayuki: "......oooh."
Akihito: "............"
Mayuki scrolls through an endless sea of malicious words.
Mayuki: "............"
Mayuki says nothing. She just looks through the log indifferently.
Akihito: "............"
It's still awkward.
Akihito: "Ummm, Mayuki-san?"
Mayuki: "......what is it, Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "I'm not sure how to say this, but......"
Mayuki: "You don't think I'm going to break down and cry over this baseless criticism, do you? Or go red with anger over this babbling that's less coherent than a middle-schooler's poetry?"
She's totally unfazed even by avatars running rampant, but I get the feeling she's talking more than usual.
Akihito: "If you're sure you're okay......"
Mayuki: "Of course I'm okay."
Mayuki: "Flaming and being flamed is normal on the internet. The whole point of being anonymous is having the freedom to say whatever you want without worrying about being nice. You need to be able to let it slide past you, like a matador."
Ayaya said the same thing.
Akihito: "Matadors usually attack the bull though."
Mayuki: "Only at the end."
Mayuki: "I am a little annoyed at some of these nicknames."
Akihito: "But it's hard for you to post anything in this situation, right......?"
Akihito: "Isn't it a shame that you can't join in right now? I could post in your place or something if that'd help."
Mayuki: "Even if you did, they'd figure out it was me. That'd just make things worse."
Akihito: "......this is hard."
Mayuki: "I'll write another story and upload it to the wiki. I won't post in the thread with my name for a while though."
Akihito: "Won't they just bash what you upload?"
Mayuki: "They will. But this won't last forever."
Mayuki smiles confidently. I don't see any sign that she's bluffing or forcing herself.
Mayuki: "These people are free to say whatever they want about me, and I'm free to write and upload whatever I want."
Akihito: "I see......well, not like we can do anything anyway. When you finish the next part, show it to me. It's hard to talk about it online right now, so I can talk to you in person."
Mayuki: "And thus you caress the wounded girl's heart with your moist hands――"
Mayuki: "And in exchange for healing me you'll have my body! Gahaha! Gahaha! ......is how the plan goes. Is that how you lured in Benio-san and Ayaya-san?Oooh,scary, scary."
Akihito: "Ha, say whatever you want."
She pretends to tremble with fear.
By the time Mayuki's done checking the logs, it's already late.
Akihito: "By the way, I saw a poster in a convenience store window with you on it."
Mayuki: "Ah, for that new idol book? Anyway, they've decided to have another live concert soon. Go see it with Ayaya-san."
Akihito: "A live concert......yeah, I'll go."
Mayuki: "I'll be waiting. I might wave to you from the stage."
Akihito: "I'm crying with joy."
We smile at each other, then Mayuki stands up. She finished copying the data to her phone.
Mayuki: "I should be going. I've got work tomorrow morning too."
Akihito: "Should I walk you home?"
Mayuki: "Oh, you don't watch the news? There's a dignitary from Russia staying near here so there's a ton of police outside to prevent any terrorist attacks. I'll be fine."
Akihito: "I see. I guess that's safe enough."
Mayuki: "I'm lying though."
Akihito: "Fine, go home by yourself."
Mayuki: "See you later."
Akihito: "Okay, bye."
Mayuki heads home after thoroughly avoiding my offer. She lies so much it's hard to tell how she really feels about anything.
The ugly frog is a white swan under the spotlight. Who knows which of them is the real Mayuki.
That night――
Ayaya sends me a text."Take care of Mayuki-chan, okay?"
I was going to anyway.
Even I can tell the frog is a lot more delicate than she lets on.
====================真雪12 結奈とデート.json====================
Yesterday, I stayed up all night worrying about Mayuki. As a result, I'm sleep-deprived today.
Akihito: "Fuaaa......"
Lunch break. I think on the roof. Once I start worrying, I can't stop.
Should I send her a text and try to make it sound casual? Asking Mayuki if she's okay seems like it might make things worse.
Our connection as coμ members is of no use here. Telling her through words seems simple, but it's hard.
Akihito: "Mm, mmm......"
I can't think of a good way to phrase it, so my thumb wanders as I gaze at my phone.
Kururi: "Oh, there he is."
Two sets of footsteps come up behind me.
Ayaya: "Uuuu! Ayaya's love radar lost to the detective's intuition!"
Kururi: "Non non non, super-detective. The super is super important. Don't forget it."
She moves her finger back and forth while going "Tsk, tsk, tsk."
Akihito: "Hm? What's going on?"
Kururi: "Don't just say "Hm?" and stare blankly. What happened, Kouhai?"
Akihito: "It's unusual for you to come up here together with Ayaya, Senpai."
Ayaya: "Yes, that's exactly right! I'm actually here about that! I have something on Herm, the Acceptor author."
The missing mystery writer. I thought that topic was dead already, but the werecat has been pursuing it this entire time.
Akihito: "Did you find him?"
Kururi: "No leads whatsoever. It makes me wonder if he's been deliberately covering his tracks for quite some time."
Ayaya: "Ayaya thinks the monster from the Yuuna-chan kidnapping could be involved! It's actually an alien controlling all of our memories~"
We ignore her nonsense.
Ayaya: "You thought that was nonsense, Senpai! No, it's nothing of the sort. Ayaya has personally seen an alien in the flesh!"
Akihito: "Oh-ho, that sounds fun. Was it three meters tall?"
Ayaya: "Nope, pitch black and twenty meters long! I saw it five years ago up on the hill!! Aliens really do exist!!"
Akihito: "So, Senpai."
Ayaya: "Uwaaan, you don't believe me!!"
While Ayaya freaks out, Kururi's cell phone rings.
Kururi: "Oh, wait one moment."
Akihito: "What is it?"
Kururi: "A quick call from a regular."
Kururi: "Nyaa."
She heads to the fence to talk by herself.
Then she comes back.
Akihito: "Keeping yourself busy, I see."
Kururi: "A super-detective's work is never done. So, what were we talking about?"
Akihito: "Ummm......you think the mystery author doesn't want to be found?"
Kururi: "Huhuhu, my curiosity won't stop now that it's piqued. I will drag him out of hiding and into the sunlight, then roll around on him like a feline."
Akihito: "Well, I won't be of any use. Mayuki and Ayaya know Acceptor stuff far better than I do."
Ayaya: "Can't you just find her magically like you did Yuuna-chan?"
Akihito: "That was mostly a coincidence......"
The truth remains shrouded in secrecy.
Kururi: "We can't rule out the possibility of UFOs either! There have been rumors of alien animals running around the city!"
Sounds like something on a Wednesday afternoon special.
Ayaya: "Oooh, they might already have occupied Takakura City~ Maybe they swapped Yuuna-chan with an alien yesterday!!"
Kururi: "It's possible."
Ayaya: "Absolutely!"
Akihito: "No, it's not."
The world is peaceful today, so these jests don't anger me.
After making the two of them promise to help, I head back inside to find someone who's familiar with the net. I don't know him well, but I'm told he's king of the computer lab.
I check the time on my phone. There's still time before lunch break ends.
While I have it out, I write a text to Mayuki.
Does Mayuki's job have lunch breaks? I'm curious.
I make it up as I go――That's right, I'll say Kururi's still looking into Herm.
Hopefully this will catch Mayuki's interest and take her mind off things for at least a moment. There's not much else I can do for her.
Akihito: "While I'm thinking about it, umm......why not go hang out somewhere if you do have the time......okay."
I send the text after adding that last line.
Evidently she does have a lunch break, because she calls me right away.
Akihito: "I didn't expect a response that quickly."
Mayuki: "It's a pain to type on a tiny phone keypad. I only send texts from my PC."
Akihito: "Are you on break now?"
Mayuki: "Something like that, though not for very long."
Akihito: "Okay. You must be pretty busy."
Mayuki: "I've finished making up for all my slacking off recently, so it's not that bad now. I'm still a very new idol after all."
Akihito: "In that case......Mayuki, would you like to get together later? As a change of pace."
Mayuki: "Hmmm, that's fine. Are you asking me on a date?"
Akihito: "No, babysitting."
Mayuki: "Sounds like an excuse lolicons would use."
Akihito: "You......!"
Mayuki: "I'll wait for you at the――――"
We agree to meet up tomorrow after school.
We don't need any special plans for today. We can just meet up, go somewhere we haven't been before, and talk about whatever.
That should be plenty to take her mind off of things.
The next day――
I wait outside the school gates, leaning against the nameplate.
Mayuki said she'd come here, so I wait while watching all the other students head home.
Ayaya: "Ayayaya, are you waiting for someone, Senpai?"
Ayaya tilts her head like a squirrel.
Akihito: "Yeah, I have to babysit someone today."
Ayaya: "......?"
When I asked her if she knew the way to my school, she used the power of her almighty search engines to turn up directions and pictures of the area around it.
Once you know the place's name, you can immediately get directions straight to it. The world's very convenient these days.
I take out my phone and check the time.
Mayuki: （I might be a bit late since it takes me a while to get ready――）
Sure, but how long are you going to keep me waiting? We're not going anywhere that fancy.
???: "Akihito-saaan! Sorry to keep you waiting~!"
Akihito: "Eh? Wha――――"
A squeaky, out of place voice calls to me from behind. I spin around.
Ayaya: "Yuuna-chan!?"
For some reason, the new idol is posing there.
Akihito: "............what's going on? Is this a Twilight Zone episode?"
Mayuki: "Nihe, Akihito-saaan. I'm finally here♪"
Akihito: "You don't need to put on the weird act."
Mayuki: "Don't be like that, Akihito-san~♪"
Akihito: "Owww!?"
She smiles from ear to ear while accurately elbowing the edge of my pelvic bone. Plus she did it at an angle that no one else could see. Is she a pro!?
Ayaya: "Wh-when did you get so close to the idol......!? Does this mean you really were a loli womanizer, Senpai~!?"
Ayaya is very loud.
Male Student A: "Hey, haven't we seen that girl somewhere?"
Male Student B: "I feel like I have......ah, there was a poster of her at that convenience store!"
Male Student C: "I saw her on TV! That's the real Yuuna-chan!!"
Takahashi: "Curse you, Mizuwa Akihito! You've already expanded your reach to idols......!"
Takahashi: "And you had to target Yuuna-chan of all people! The one all our friends in Takakura City had high hopes for! You......I'll kill you dead!"
Male Student A: "Wait, calm down, Takahashi!"
Male Student B: "We'll punish him from the darkness, not right now!! ......we have to make sure the witch doesn't find out."
The crowd is also very loud.
Mayuki came in her full idol getup. She couldn't possibly attract more attention.
I saw her with her idol hair and makeup before, but she's a completely different person like this.
Originally "idol" meant an object of worship.And dammit, she really is cute enough to justify that.
Mayuki: "Akihito-saaan, let's get going♪"
Akihito: "H-hey......what are you......?"
Mayuki: "Nihe♪"
She slips her arm around mine. This is embarrassing.
Ayaya: "The world is over......I can't beat an idol......"
Takahashi: "Don't stop me! My jealousy gives me the power to crush stars! Even Hinaori cannot stop me!"
Male Student A: "If we can keep holding you, I'm sure she can!"
Male Student B: "Still......how did Mizuwa get to know her?"
I'm more embarrassed by how cute I find Mayuki than by how many people I know are standing outside the front gates.
Akihito: "Why......are you......?"
Mayuki: "Eh? D-don't say that, Akihito-san......! I can't kiss you in front of all those people~!"
Akihito: "No one asked for a kiss!!"
Mayuki: "Kyaaa♪"
There's already a huge crowd around us. Even some people getting out their cell phone cameras.
Akihito: "Don't take any pictures!"
Mayuki: "Huhu, Akihito-san, you're like an actor getting caught in a scandal♪"
Akihito: "And it's all your fault!"
Mayuki: "Of course it is."
This is hopeless. She's a pro at handling crowds. I can't beat her.
Ayaya: "Ah, auuu......Senpai~......"
Takahashi: "Dammit! You'd better get me an autograph......!"
First, we have to run away from here.
After we escape, I make sure I say this before she can stick her tongue out.
Akihito: "I'm not forgiving you for that."
Mayuki: "Huhehe, sorry."
Mayuki: "I just wanted to see you embarrassed, Akihito-san."
Mayuki: "Besides, doesn't every man dream about going on a date with an idol?"
Akihito: "My healthy public image takes priority over once-in-a-lifetime opportunities, and your cruel betrayal has shattered it completely......!"
Mayuki: "There, there. We didn't put on much of a performance, so I'm sure it'll blow over."
Akihito: "I'm not the kind of guy who does that just for laughs......"
Mayuki: "I much prefer guys who act cool but are easy to tease."
Akihito: "I'm not trying to be your type here......"
Geez......school's going to be rough for a while. I need to think of a plausible story.
Mayuki: "Huhu, shall we be off?"
Akihito: "Huu......yes, let's go."
Today is supposed to be about taking Mayuki's mind off work. I'll let her off easy for now.
There's a huge problem with this. Anywhere we go, the idol's frilly clothes draw everyone's attention.
Quite a few of them recognize the local star on sight. Just walking down the street feels tense.
I was thinking of asking Mayuki to show me some computer parts and accessories since she's more familiar with that stuff, but we clearly can't do that now.
So instead we wander around a quiet park.
Mayuki: "Huhu! It's surprisingly fun just walking around aimlessly."
Akihito: "It is nice to enjoy the breeze once in a while."
My days have been far too busy ever since I met Girl A.
I'm probably tired. An ordinary walk has never felt so comfortable. 
Akihito: "What about the Acceptor threads? Anything new?"
Mayuki: "No talking about that. I'm "Yuuna-chan" today."
Akihito: "I see. Sorry."
Mayuki: "It's fine."
A calm wind blows. There aren't many people in the park, so we don't get too much attention even with her outfit.
Akihito: "............"
Mayuki: "............"
Mayuki is an otaku girl, and one of Babylon's connectors.
Now that she doesn't fit my old image of her, it's hard to picture her.
I thought we all knew each other, but it turned out I didn't know Mayuki at all.
Normally, Mayuki hides her face behind glasses and a hat.
Her Yuuna outfit hides a lot less of who she is.
I feel like I'm in a maze.
Akihito: "Mayuki, I know you're living alone......but do your parents ever visit?"
Mayuki: "My mom comes once in a while. My parents divorced, and mom got custody."
Akihito: "O-okay......"
Mayuki: "Don't worry about it. It doesn't bother me."
Then why did she want to live by herself? She says she doesn't mind, but her parents' problems have probably cast a shadow over her life.
Mayuki: "I still talk to my dad on occasion. He spends most of the year flying around the world on trips. Who knows what country he's in now."
Mayuki: "My mom is sort of my manager, so she's in Tokyo now. I assume she's working like crazy on marketing me."
Akihito: "I see, so neither of them are here right now......"
Mayuki: "Isn't it the same for you, Akihito-san? Where are your parents?"
Akihito: "My mother died. My dad's away on work."
Mayuki: "Is that so? Huhu, we are the same."
Akihito: "I guess. But Kagome barges into my place all the time, so I'm fine by myself. Are you sure you don't feel lonely, Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "I'm fine. I'm used to being alone, and I have the internet."
She smiles, but her words sound lonely. I move a little closer to her.
Mayuki: "But I'm glad you're concerned about that, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "Stop by my place once in a while. Or if you prefer your computer I can come to yours."
Mayuki: "Hmmm, both sound tempting. Should we do both?"
Akihito: "Sounds good. Both it is."
Mayuki: "Yes. Both."
Walking closer to her makes me even more conscious of how small she is. She's really good at lying and insulting people, but right now she's almost cute, like a little sister.
We always had an avatar in front of us.
We had to share life and death before getting to know each other. An unbreakable connection called a coμ.
Since we can't escape it anyway, we might as well get to know each other better.
Akihito: "............"
Mayuki: "............"
Time passes comfortably, even without anything to talk about.
We could spend the rest of today killing time like this until the sun sets.
Akihito: "Oh."
My stomach grumbles.
Akihito: "I never ate lunch, actually. I'm getting kinda thirsty."
Mayuki: "I haven't eaten either. It took me a while to get dressed."
Akihito: "Hahaha, you really didn't need to put that much effort into hanging out with me."
Mayuki: "I did because I was going to hang out with you."
Akihito: "What?"
Mayuki: "Nothing."
She spins back around.
Mayuki: "Huhuhu, I know, let's go to that shop."
Akihito: "Which one?"
Mayuki: "The one where I first showed you this face."
Akihito: "It was a nice, calm place. And we wouldn't attract too much attention there......let's go."
Mayuki: "Yes♪"
Waitress: "Here is your cafe au lait and cream soda."
Mayuki: "Thank you very much."
We get a small meal and some drinks. The cafe au lait is for Mayuki, and the soda for me.
Mayuki: "Huhuhu, you have a sweet tooth, Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "People often guess I'd be into spicy food, but I really like sweets."
Mayuki: "That is surprising. I don't know much about sweets. What are your favorites?"
Akihito: "I'm not an expert either."
Akihito: "But real youkan are supposed to be really good. It's a type of bar made with jellied bean paste. I hear it's supposed to melt in your mouth and release this intense red bean flavor."
Mayuki: "Oooh, that does sound delicious."
Akihito: "There's also fresh yatsuhashi, though a lot of people don't like the cinnamon. They aren't sold in many places because they have such a short shelf life."
Mayuki: "Maybe Kyoto? I can get some for you if I ever have work there."
Akihito: "Really!? I'd love that. We can have them together over some Japanese tea."
Mayuki: "Yes."
I talk about a variety of Japanese confections as I drink my dark green cream soda.
Sodas are mostly sugar and flavoring, but they are pretty good. It's not logical.
Mayuki: "Days like this are fun, huhuhu."
Akihito: "Kinda."
Mayuki: "Yes, kind of."
Mayuki puts her small mouth on the straw. She drinks the cafe au lait quietly, as if kissing it.
Mayuki: "I do......feel a bit bad about Ayaya-san."
Looks like Mayuki's feeling a bit better.
I'm glad I asked her out today. We should do this again sometime.
Mayuki: "Hey......Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "Hm?"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san......which me do you like more?"
Which me?
The newcomer idol Yuuna. The otaku girl Yuubana Mayuki.
I think a little.
Akihito: "Both. They're both you, Mayuki."
Mayuki: "............"
Mayuki looks surprised. Which answer was she expecting?
Everyone has a lot of masks. It's not like one of them is real and the rest are all lies.
Just as there's no such thing as a one-sided coin, there's no such thing as a human whose true self is completely hidden.
Mayuki's surprise quickly turns into a shining smile.
Mayuki: "You're right, they're both me."
Akihito: "Yeah, they are."
When we leave the cafe, the buildings are casting shadows in the evening sun.
It's time to head home now.
Mayuki: "I had a lot of fun today. Thank you, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "I really didn't do anything."
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, come this way."
Akihito: "What?"
Mayuki: "I can't reach, so kneel down for a moment."
I'm not sure what she's after, but I kneel anyway.
Mayuki: "......hm?"
Mayuki stands up on her tiptoes and suddenly kisses my cheek.
Akihito: "......"
I'm a little surprised. I tense up without thinking.
This seems......cliche. Like exactly what an otaku would think of doing at the end of a date-like outing.
The sensation of slightly cold lips on my cheek. It reminds me of a small, soft flower.
Mayuki: "That's Yuuna's way of thanking you."
A gorgeous smile, like a crumbling flower.
Akihito: "Wh-what the hell are you doing!? You're not European!"
We're too old for kissing on the cheek!
Mayuki: "Huhu, did you want it on the mouth?"
Akihito: "Idiot!"
Mayuki: "Hmmm......Akihito-san, are you a late bloomer? I thought you'd have gobbled up plenty of women by now."
When I get mad at her, Mayuki just smiles.
She still looks like Yuuna, but she's back to the regular Mayuki now.
She keeps mocking me.
Akihito: "Mayu-Mayu, if you keep making fun of your elders like that......!"
Mayuki: "Kya!"
I forcefully hug her, trying to scare her a bit. I wrap my arms around her neck and pull her close.
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-san......"
Akihito: "............"
Mayuki doesn't resist.
Come on, you're supposed to flail around and break free.
Instead of resisting, she just lets me hold her and looks up at me with flushed cheeks.
Mayuki: "............"
Akihito: "............"
We both freeze.
Oh, come on! I'm not innocent enough to go red just from a kiss, but......
But Mayuki's so small and fragile......
We're very close. Mayuki's wet eyes reflect my face.
I gulp with terrible timing.
Only a few centimeters between our lips. Our bodies tense up, not allowing us to move closer or farther away.
Mayuki: "............"
Akihito: "............"
It was probably less than ten seconds, but it felt several times longer.
Akihito: "............"
Mayuki: "Nnu............"
I can't take it anymore, so I let go of her. I turn away before saying anything.
Akihito: "......idiot, that was just a joke."
Mayuki: "Ah......"
Mayuki staggers back a few steps.
She stands there blankly for a while.
Mayuki: "Y-you lying adult! You were definitely thinking about doing it for real!"
She goes red and gets mad at me. She swings at me with arms far too short to reach me.
Akihito: "That's payback for all your usual lying."
Mayuki: "You lolicon! You pedophile! Flesh-eating monster! Enemy of all prepubescents!"
Akihito: "You're still a pre――?"
Mayuki: "Shut up! Aaaah, enough! *chomp!*"
Akihito: "Gyaaa!!"
She bit me.
Akihito: "Stop cannibalizing me!"
Mayuki: "Lolicons aren't human, so this isn't cannibalism!"
Akihito: "Apologize! Apologize to all lolicons!"
Mayuki: "*munch* *munch!*"
Akihito: "Gyaaa!"
Akihito: "Not the canines! You're gonna punch holes through me!"
Mayuki: "Perfect! I can put a chain through it with a tag that says "This man is a lolicon." That will prevent countless crimes!"
Akihito: "I'm not interested in flat-chests like you!"
Mayuki: "Mm!? Gaaaaah! I'll bite you! I'll bite you!"
I push Mayuki's head down as she lunges at me. Effort and willpower can't change the physical fact that I have longer reach.
Mayuki: "Uu, uuuuuuu!!"
She goes red and starts quivering like a toy.
Akihito: "Well, anyway......"
Mayuki: "What is it!?"
Akihito: "I'm glad I made you feel better, at least."
I smile naturally for once. Mayuki goes quiet for a moment, no longer trying to bite my hand.
Mayuki: "Ah, ah......umm, yes......umm......"
Akihito: "You don't need to thank me again."
I shake my hand, and Mayuki grabs it with both of hers. She gazes directly at me.
Mayuki: "......but I will."
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, you noticed I was more worried than I pretended to be, didn't you?"
Akihito: "Well......I dunno."
Mayuki: "I had fun today. Thank you."
I shrug without answering.
Mayuki's doing better than I thought. She was aware that it was affecting her.
Akihito: "See you later."
Mayuki: "Yes, later."
We say goodbye. I look back over my shoulder at Mayuki as she walks away.
There's more of a spring in her step than when I met her this morning. Maybe I'm imagining things.
Akihito: "I guess I achieved my objective."
Cheering Mayuki up won't solve the problem in the Acceptor threads.
The world keeps on rotating, indifferent to Mayuki's goals or emotions.
But she'll be fine. I can just talk to her again if she looks like she's in pain.
I think about that as I walk home in a city transitioning from evening to night.
====================真雪13 大人の事情.json====================
479: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun)Yuki's not coming here at all anymore. We won! lolol
480: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun)Idiot, stop trolling. What if she comes in here and stirs things up?
481: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun)Come on guys, she's just posting here anonymously with the rest of us. Remember those guys trying way too hard to change the topic?
482: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun)Nice try using your phone to post here Yuki, lolol
483: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun)Yaaay, Yuki's watching us?
484: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun)Stop talking to her. It's bad enough seeing her upload to the wiki.
485: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX(Sun)Why don't they ban her already? She's constantly ignoring canon and upload grade-A crap. She's just a menace.
The weekend arrives, and there's still no sign of the Mayuki bashing going away from the Acceptor threads.
Mayuki's return to the wiki fueled the fire, so there's actually even more of it now.
Akihito: "They're still bashing you as always."
As promised, Mayuki and I have been alternating whose apartment we hang out in.
Today we're in her room. Since she lives by herself, it's very easy to stop by whenever.
The ability to laze around with her never-ending stock of bottled tea is one benefit of being here.
Mayuki: "But it's clear not everyone thinks that way. Plenty of people still like what I'm writing."
Akihito: "Like me."
Mayuki: "Huhuhu."
Most of the slander is just empty words with no real content or criticism. Once you've seen enough of it, it's no different from graffiti on the wall.
Akihito: "That's true, we'll get used to it soon enough."
However, there is another more precise category.
Akihito: "What's with all these claims about your work being full of contradictions and ignoring the canon?"
Akihito: "I haven't seen anything like that in what I've read."
Claiming a story contradicts existing canon is a stock complaint. There's a certain volume of them every time Mayuki uploads something.
They're different from the guys who flame it without reading a single word. These people pick out and dissect specific lines, and yet their complaints don't really make sense.
Mayuki: "Aaah, those."
Mayuki: "I told you only three of us are referred to by name in these threads, right?"
Akihito: "I remember that."
Herm the mystery author, Amakuni who produces the most words, and Mayuki.
Mayuki: "Yes, so......"
Mayuki moves a red high-tech mouse she calls her Bultaco.
A particular alias is clearly visible in the update history of the wiki.
―――Amakuni.
Mayuki: "Amakuni-san writes a lot, and he loves recording every last detail and bit of lore on all the characters, settings and other canon details."
Mayuki: "Including completely irrelevant things like whether the express trains stop at the station closest to the theater, or what the shoe sizes of all the characters are."
Akihito: "Uwa, that really is irrelevant."
Mayuki: "These bashers appear to be saying that I'm ignoring some of Amakuni-san's details."
Akihito: "Hmmmm......"
I can understand criticizing stories that contradict themselves.
Some of the fantasy epics that Hollywood makes movies out of have almost pathologically detailed lore and backstories behind them.
Caring about the world enough to invent entire fictional languages for it does make it feel a lot richer.
But you can always have too much of a good thing.
Too much lore can be restrictive at times. That's probably a common problem for works like this which came from the ideas of countless different people.
Akihito: "......Acceptor's been gradually getting popular for a long time now, right?"
Mayuki: "That's right. The original premise was just making up a fictional hero that FX guys would love."
Akihito: "Is this really the first time there've been contradictions between everyone's ideas?"
Akihito: "Why are they all complaining about it now?"
Mayuki: "Hmm, about that......"
Mayuki heaves a long sigh, takes her hand off her mouse, and turns toward me.
She makes a troubled face and purses her lips. She bends over more than usual, looking at the ground. She wants to talk quietly.
Mayuki: "I don't want to say bad things about fellow fans, but......"
Akihito: "So you think you know who it is?"
Mayuki: "Yes. To be honest, I had a hunch from the beginning."
Akihito: "Tell me."
Mayuki lets her eyes wander aimlessly and scratches her cheek.
The Acceptor threads must be a really nice place for her if she finds it this tough to talk about the guy ruining it.
They don't know each other online. Connections over the electronic sea are easier since there's no real contact.
Online Mayuki doesn't have to worry about her parents, or pretend to be a pure, innocent idol.
Akihito: "Do you mind telling me about it?"
Akihito: "It's better to tell someone than to hold it all in. And maybe you didn't know, but I'm a feminist. I might not be able to sleep at night if you keep suffering by yourself."
Mayuki: ".........lolicon. You start acting nice the moment I open up."
Akihito: "What the hell are you talking about!?"
Mayuki: "This is how you trained Benio-san, Ayaya-san, and all the others to be super sex slaves. Sly. Persistent. Experienced."
Mayuki: "So terrifying......how can I possibly escape from this?"
Her shoulders quiver.
Mayuki: "......fine, I get it, Akihito-san. I'd feel bad if you lost sleep, so I'll tell you. But don't listen too closely."
Mayuki gulps down the rest of her black tea.
Mayuki: "There are people who want Acceptor to have a major, mainstream debut."
Akihito: "Yeah, that's why Kururi started looking for Herm."
Mayuki: "If Herm-san never comes back......what do you think will happen?"
Acceptor is a story that naturally evolved through countless independent posts.
It's almost like myths or folklore. It's impossible to define a specific creator.
Akihito: "If there's no single person in charge of it......they can't use the story, can they?"
Mayuki: "Yes. There have been incidents in the past when companies commercialized things from the internet and got yelled at by netizens for it."
Making a story based on old myths or folklore is fine. It's not like the original author's descendants ever try to claim copyright over it.
Even if you can identify the original creator of those stories, they probably died during the decades or centuries it took for the story to get that famous.
Times change. Modern myths spread with the speed and scope of the internet. Rumors spread in a matter of seconds, crossing oceans in mere days.
The world is dizzyingly fast.
The mythology of the internet is still being formed. The nameless, innumerable creators are still alive, and they remember what they created.
Since they publish that stuff online for free, no one has to worry about violating their rights.
But if someone ever wants to use their work to make money――
Of course people will be opposed to that.
Commercializing free works without permission just won't work.
But if all the creators can trust a single person to represent them, then negotiations might be possible.
Akihito: "Without Herm......what does happen? Do you find a new representative......?"
I figure it out before finishing that sentence.
Akihito: "I see, you think someone's trying to promote a replacement."
Mayuki: "That's my theory."
Akihito: "So he's just after money......that's horrible."
Mayuki puts a hand to her chest as if I hurt her.
Mayuki: "I don't think it's that bad......at least, I don't want it to be......"
Akihito: "If he's not after money, what else could it be?"
Mayuki: "Even if he did start representing Acceptor, I don't think he could get away with profiting from it. The people in the thread would notice."
Mayuki: "But it's possible he's hoping to make his own major debut through this."
That's certainly not as bad, but it's still a despicable way to go about it.
He's trying to bring down Mayuki while Herm is gone so that he's the only candidate left.
Akihito: "Which means Amakuni must be the one behind this......"
I think Mayuki should be able to do something about him.
Mayuki: "That's just a guess though."
Akihito: "I'll get more tea."
Mayuki: "Go ahead. Grab one for me too."
I have a cold drink, let my head cool off, and then get my thoughts in order.
Akihito: "Even if you're right, would everyone else support him?"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, you're assuming Amakuni-san is a bad guy now, because of my theory even though I told you it's just a theory."
Akihito: "Ah, you're right......"
Mayuki: "He's using the same principle. It's easier to make a common enemy than an ally."
Rumors making Mayuki into an enemy――
For instance, what if someone did the exact opposite of this and spread a rumor that Mayuki was trying to make a major debut herself?
If Mayuki was watching it in real time, she might have been able to counteract it somehow, but she was tied up with idol work.
Then Amakuni gets to see everyone else's reactions.
Mayuki: "Present an enemy worth defeating to get everyone on your side. It's an ancient tactic."
She nods slowly, like a general from the Warring States period.
Akihito: "That's true......this is still bad for you though."
Mayuki: "It's just a guess, and aside from the flaming it's not doing any harm to me. I'm not trying to go major anyway."
Akihito: "Is it really that simple?"
Mayuki: "Work is work, and hobbies are hobbies."
Akihito: "You really sound like an adult when it comes to money."
Mayuki: "What do you mean "sound like?""
Mayuki: "Well, if they're gonna make an anime, game, or whatever, I wish they'd just do it already. Amakuni-san will stop causing trouble if he gets the fame and fortune he wants."
She's surprisingly pragmatic about this.
Akihito: "I like the way you think."
Mayuki: "If you start doubting and hating people on the internet, you'll never get anywhere. There's no end to these people and you can never know who they are."
Mayuki: "A console video game based on an anonymous image board would be like fighting an endlessly super-transforming robot army. Every day would be an endless, inconclusive battle."
I don't really understand, but that sounds horrible.
Akihito: "Once you start doubting people, everyone everywhere starts to look like an enemy. Though that's just as true in real life as it is online."
Mayuki: "Maybe it is......"
The Coμnet is a little like the anonymous internet.
An unknown number of connectors are mixed in among the countless pedestrians we see every day.
There's no way to know who the others are.
When we lose our avatar, everyone in the coμ dies.
If you start letting those rules scare you, you'll spend every waking moment questioning who is and isn't secretly a connector. Who's safe, and who's dangerous.
Trust has no form. It's invisible. Thus, it cannot be justified. Even in a group of five connected people, it's easy to start distrusting each other.
Some might try to discourage conflict by asking everyone to reveal their identities to each other, but that just makes them easier targets for beginner killers.
There's no good solution.
Akihito: "Anyway, I don't think I can forgive this so easily."
Mayuki: "If you believe mere guesswork like that, you fail as a netizen. You must keep yourself informed."
Mayuki hits F5 and reads the latest posts.
Some anonymous who was trying to defend Mayuki is being bombarded from all sides right now.
Akihito: "And we can't help him out?"
Mayuki: "We can't. They'll only shout louder if they see me jump in."
Akihito: "There isn't that much freedom in anonymity."
Mayuki: "As far as I know, the only thing I can do for this guy is to keep uploading my work, regardless of what they say."
Akihito: "Anything else would just provoke them."
Mayuki: "It's safest to stay out of it for a while......"
Akihito: "I really hope it goes back to normal soon though."
I rub my forehead. My mind feels more tired than my eyes.
Mayuki: "Commercialization should be happening for real soon, so as soon as Herm-san reappears or everyone accepts another leader, this should all blow over."
Mayuki: "Besides, newcomers can't propose any new ideas in the thread now with the way it's going."
Mayuki: "I just have to wait for this to end. I'll focus on work for a while, and maybe think of some ideas of my own."
Akihito: "Sounds good. I'll watch the threads for you."
The world is multi-layered, and we're always complicated.
We can't cleanly split the world into enemies and allies.
The stalker problems weren't like that, and neither are these issues with the thread.
Some people are good at forging relationships with people......like Ayaya. Would she be able to resolve this situation nicely?
―――I should talk to her about it.
====================真雪13-14 結奈のコンサート.json====================
Night. I finish dinner and watch some late night dramas with Kagome.
The heroine looks like a gorilla, and the hero looks like a baby squirrel. For the sake of love they're wearing clothes with skulls all over them and helping an old lady cross the street.
Akihito: "......the hell is going on?"
Whoever wrote this was on drugs.
Kagome: ""Our Skulls." The newspaper said it was a masterpiece of senseless carnage."
Akihito: "They seriously called this a masterpiece?"
Kagome: "You call yourself a feminist and then switch between flat chests and melons every night. You have no right to complain."
Akihito: "I do nothing of the sort!"
Kagome: "Ha! You're useless."
The witch spits out those words as if looking at filth. Reality is more absurd than fiction.
A call. It's from Mayuki.
Akihito: "This is awfully late. Did something happen?"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, we just scheduled our small concert. Wanna come see it?"
This is sudden.
Akihito: "That the one you told me about the other day?"
Mayuki: "Yes. It's only for family and friends, so I only have one spare ticket to give you."
Akihito: "Then I'll bring Takahashi and make him pay for his own ticket......never mind, he's not safe."
Mayuki: "Ahahaha, he hates you after what you did with Yuuna."
Akihito: "And whose fault is that?"
Mayuki: "The idol's fault."
Akihito: "She's still you. Anyway, I'll come. It's in......four days? Okay, I'll ask the Owner for some time off of work."
Mayuki: "Please come and see it."
She sounds like she's looking forward to this.
She doesn't seem to dislike her idol work at all, despite how she talked about it before.
Akihito: "Okay, but don't wave to me from the stage or anything."
Mayuki: "That's a tall order......"
Akihito: "No it's not!"
Mayuki: "Kyaaa!"
I hang up while thinking about the upcoming concert.
Akihito: "Now then......"
Kagome: "Now then......"
Akihito: "........................"
The witch gives me a cold glance.
Kagome: "Against all odds, you're getting quite involved with her."
Akihito: "......what is that supposed to mean?"
Kagome: "You're favoring the flat-chested frog, Akihito. Normally you only recognize women by the size of their chest."
Akihito: "If that was true, I wouldn't even be human."
Am I an incubus!?
Akihito: "......anyway, Kagome, I haven't seen you around in a while......what are you up to?"
I thought she was staying quiet about Mayuki and her problems because she had no interest in helping us out.
All I know is she's been heading outside a lot, and never seems to come back while I'm around.
The witch is spontaneous and serves no master, so it's hardly unusual for her to vanish without a word.
It's a waste of time worrying when she does that.
Kagome: "So you're apologizing for tricking everyone into thinking you're human? It's good to be honest."
She's not just dodging my point or confusing it, she's completely ignoring it. She hasn't done this in a while.
Akihito: "......don't assume things like that."
I won't fight battles I can't win.
Kagome is selfish to the core, so if she really wants to say something, she's going to say it.
Kagome: "It's starting to get bad for those of us with melons."
Akihito: "Huh?"
That sounds meaningful......who's she referring to?
Akihito: "......O-Haru-san?"
Kagome: "So you do organize them all by size."
Akihito: "Uu......!"
Seriously, those things are massive.
Kagome: "Akihito, why don't you check your phone's contacts list? Only four of them are male."
Akihito: "Why do you know what's in my phone!?"
Kagome: "Don't hide things from your partner."
Akihito: "Don't invade my privacy!!"
The witch is terrifying. I had no idea she was checking my phone.
Only four males......the Owner, Izawa, Takahashi and my father.
......she's right, there are only four. I feel like an old man whose wallet is completely tied up.
Akihito: "............you only checked the memory, right?"
Kagome: "Was there more? Are you referring to the wallpaper image reflecting your unusual tastes?"
Akihito: "There's nothing like that in there."
Kagome: "Don't worry, it was just the memory."
I think she's telling the truth. I sigh with relief.
Akihito: "......still, the only other people who're bigger than you are Hana-sensei......"
Akihito: "......Nanase-san?"
She's huge too. Nanase's probably stick out farther while Kagome's probably have more volume.
But the Coμnet's been peaceful lately. There haven't been any noticeable crises.
The Round Table. Caesar's Legion. They're all nice and quiet.
Akihito: "Well, if they are doing anything we'll hear about it. We can worry about it then."
Kagome: "Sounds like what you say to yourself when you know it's too late."
Akihito: "......why are you being so picky today?"
Akihito: "Or is it something else? Are you feeling lonely because you've been so busy I haven't had the chance to pay attention to you?"
My body suddenly freezes. She looks down at me with eyes colder than a Siberian blizzard. I'm going to freeze to death in my own room.
Kagome: "Lolicon."
Akihito: "......Kagome...san?"
After an insult and a scornful glance, Kagome turns around.
The witch's long hair flutters for a moment as she disappears out the open window into the night.
And then, the day of the concert――
I arrive at the concert hall. It's a tiny outdoor stage that can't hold very many people.
I thought about inviting someone else, but since Mayuki's idol work is a secret, I come alone.
Mayuki's not on stage. There's just a bunch of people running around, setting up equipment.
But there are fans in the seats.
Something washes over me.
Heat. Anticipation. Excitement. The presence of large numbers of people.
The very air tastes different. There's an invisible wall between here and the venue. Crossing it will put me in a different world.
I'm honestly impressed by it.
Today's concert is meant to be small. The city's hoping for big things from Yuuna, but this event is meant for just locals. 
A minor celebrity from our city. People support her.
Her popularity is still mostly local, so they're probably right to keep it small.
And yet it feels so intense.
An idol. An object of worship.
If even Yuuna can get an audience like this, what must it take to reach the top?
Akihito: "......she really is an idol."
I've seen videos and pictures before. I've spent a whole day hanging out with Mayuki in her idol getup.
......how did I not realize this?
Then again, Benio, Izawa and Haru still haven't caught on.
Benio and Izawa probably don't know many people who lead double lives, but I'm impressed she can fool the wily faux maid.
And Kagome......did she know the whole time?
I look across the seats. They're far from being full, but a lot of passionate fans are here already.
Akihito: "She's actually popular."
As I look across the seats, impressed, I find a face I recognize.
He's wearing a T-shirt and bandana with Yuuna logos. A fitting style for a man risking his life on the front lines.
―――It's Takahashi.
Akihito: "Uwa."
His eyes look like a giant salamander locked onto its prey.
I don't really want to talk to him right now, so I quietly sit behind someone else.
Before long......
The audience grows louder. We're almost done waiting.
Mayuki appears on the stage.
Cheers erupt around me. Harsh shouts and applause greet the little girl.
She really is tiny. According to the official website, she's 145 centimeters tall. It's probably exaggerating a little.
Yuuna: "Good evening! I'm Yuuna!"
Her voice carries a long ways despite how tiny she is. Mayuki stands at the center of the stage, waving to the crowd.
That's all she's doing.
But my throat catches. That's not the Mayuki I'm used to seeing.
Is it just the makeup? The clothes she's wearing? The persona she's putting on?
Maybe it's her "presence." This is completely different from when I saw her on TV.
Akihito: "......she's really incredible."
I'm "connected" to this girl.
It's a strange, almost ticklish feeling.
Audience: "Yuuna-chaaaaan!"
Takahashi: "All of Takakura City is behind you, Yuuna-chaaaaan!"
I consider shouting at her with the others, but that's just too embarrassing.
After a moment of feedback from the mic, Mayuki continues.
Yuuna: "Thank you all for coming to my concert tonight!"
Yuuna: "Yuuna is still a newcomer, but I hope to do everything I can to meet your expectations!"
Audience: "We're with you, Yuuna-chan!"
Takahashi: "You're gonna be the year's number one loli idol, Yuuna-chan!"
Yuuna: "Now, I'd like to start singing! Let's start with "Heroine in love." Please enjoy!"
Mayuki sings. I've heard this song a few times before.
Akihito: "This was on the CD Takahashi gave me......"
This is the first time I've heard Mayuki singing live. When we all went to a karaoke booth, she never did sing anything.
Akihito: "And she made up some crap about "genetic tone deficiency syndrome.""
――At first I just think it's okay.
Idols haven't been mystical in a long time. These days they're put on sale and consumed until another one pops up.
There are a few "real" idols, but they're always very few and far between.
Some decades ago―――Apparently when my father was young, things were different. He had a bad habit of always saying things were better in his day.
In the 20th century, idols really were stars. Of course they were still about making money, but people believed in them.
The media grew, the internet appeared, the personal lives of various stars were exposed on television, and idols grew more numerous than you could count.
Faith and authority can only exist behind a veil of mysticism.
Now that the media's so powerful you can't hide anything, idols can't be seen as superhuman anymore.
Akihito: "――――"
Suddenly, it hits me.
A wave of heat.
What is this? What just happened?
It's the song. It's reaching me.
Mayuki's singing isn't stupendously good, and there's plenty of background noise since this is a live concert.
A professionally recorded single has far better audio quality.
And yet......
The song is sound. Sound is a wave. Nothing but vibrations in the air.
And yet......Something reaches me that the 1s and 0s of a CD can't reproduce.
Mayuki is on the stage, putting all she has into this.
A different kind of desperation from when we're connected to Babylon.
Some mixture of the singer's heat and the audience's heat combines to produce something new.
Akihito: "Uwa............"
I find myself captivated, my mouth hanging open like an idiot.
I had no idea live concerts could feel like this.
――――!?
Someone snuck up behind me while I was in a daze.
―――Who!? Takahashi!?
I try to look down so they can't see my face, but it's too late.
Ayaya: "Oooh! I spy an Akki-senpai!"
Akihito: "Oh......it's just you, Ayaya. Don't call me Akki."
It was the healing hamster kouhai. I sigh with relief.
Ayaya: "Don't be so rude~"
Akihito: "No, not that, it's just Takahashi's over there, and he's a huge Yuuna fan. After what happened at school the other day, I was afraid he'd come after me."
Ayaya: "Ayaya~? You never told him how you saved Yuuna-chan, Senpai?"
Akihito: "I didn't save her from anything."
Ayaya: "Senpai, you're so modest~ Ayaya didn't do anything either, but I'm still proud of you!"
Akihito: "Don't say that with pride."
Ayaya: "Heheheh."
Kouhai smiles harmoniously.
Akihito: "And keep your voice down so he doesn't hear us."
Ayaya: "Oooh! You're right. I will be Stealth Ayaya."
Akihito: "Good. Now, let's focus on Ma――......I mean Yuuna."
Ayaya: "Yes. Ayaya deliberately came alone so she could become the first Takakura City local idol fan!"
Akihito: "............"
Sadly, Ayaya thinks much the same as Takahashi.
Maybe extroverted otaku are all weirdos like this.
Between songs, Mayuki speaks to the audience.
Yuuna: "Thank you for all of your support!"
Audience: "She's so cuuuute!"
Takahashi: "You're the best thing Takakura City ever made!"
Mayuki smiles and waves. She's in total idol mode.
What would all of these fans do if they knew what she was really like?
―――I'm the only one who knows the idol's secret.
A very slight sense of superiority.
The concert ends, and Ayaya and I walk home.
I feel lighter somehow, probably because I enjoyed her performance so much.
Ayaya: "Yuuna-chan was so cute~"
Akihito: "Well......somewhat."
Ayaya: "Ayaya? You don't like that kind of music, Senpai?"
Akihito: "It's not that I don't like it, just......she's about the bottom of the top, I'd say."
Ayaya: "Uwa, so harsh~ Ayaya thinks Yuuna-chan is at the top of the top. No doubt she'll be incredibly beautiful as she gets older."
Akihito: "I dunno......"
Ayaya: "By the way, do you have any plans for the rest of the night?"
Akihito: "I was gonna meet Mayu-Mayu here."
Ayaya: "Oooh, oooh, Mayu-Mayu-chan? Maybe Ayaya can come eat dinner with Senpai?"
Akihito: "That sounds nice. Let's all go together."
Ayaya: "Oh, speak of the devil!"
Ayaya points sharply at Mayuki, walking over here in her usual clothing, without the makeup.
Mayuki: "Huu, I'm here. Mayuki has arrived."
Akihito: "Then let's go."
For dinner, we all went to a fast food place because Ayaya suddenly craved junk food.
Today was relatively peaceful. Hopefully tomorrow will be as well.
―――Fireworks burst.
Fireworks produce complicated patterns. They may qualify as astronomical, but in the end they're just a combination of finite objects. One and one billion aren't much different.
The fireworks continue launching without pause. They bloom, burst, and vanish like faint snow piling up at the bottom of the night.
Their husks all end up here.
Here lie the shadows produced by countless lights. Hollow shells. Eggs that can never be fertilized. Pale imitations of the world.
Thus, everything here is meaningless. It just repeats. There's no need for it to stop―――
A small wave is born.
Like a pebble thrown into the primordial sea. A phenomenon so feeble and powerless it's almost conceited to call it a wave. A man once predicted it would occur.
If everything else fit his hypotheses, and as many conditions as possible were perfectly idealized, then the probability of it happening would have been one out of ten to the twenty-fourth power.
Almost exactly zero.
Almost――But not zero. That means it was sure to happen eventually.
No matter how small the probability, if you try infinitely many times you'll see it happen eventually.
The difference between one and one billion is merely a matter of time.
Thus, the ripple is both a coincidental and a predetermined event.
There is no reason for it. No explanation for the timing. Asking why it happened now would be like asking why you tripped over a certain rock this morning.
A coincidence――A meaningless sequence of meaningless events.
But that's all it takes to stop one world.
The whispers go silent, like giant gears grinding on a grain of sand. Shining lights stick together. Five hundred? A thousand? Maybe more.
It only took a moment. An undetectable standstill shorter than a fraction of a second.
The darkness is like a dream, a temple, and a womb. It falls into complete silence for the briefest of instants.
―――It sees.
The ripple was ordinary. There have been many of them both inside and outside the shell.
It's seen them several times before.
And yet, that little ripple gave rise to an incomprehensible sensation. A tiny, unobservable heat.
―――It winces.
You could say it "showed interest." A small wave that was nearly impossible, and yet guaranteed to occur.
It doesn't even understand why it's doing this, but for the first time, it focuses its perception out of its own free will.
====================真雪14 収録しましょう.json====================
A few calm days pass, but the threads don't improve.
Ayaya: "I still don't think there's anything we can do~ Though it might be tough on Mayuki-chan."
After school. Ayaya and I walk home together.
Akihito: "Mayuki says she's used to it."
Ayaya: "Umyuuu~ We just have to wait patiently like the wife of a samurai."
Akihito: "No one's going off to war."
I talked to Ayaya about it, but she has the same opinion. Only in fantasy worlds can you find magical ways of clearing up misunderstandings.
Akihito: "Okay, my place is that way. Take care on your way home, Ayaya."
Ayaya: "Ha-haa! See. You. Tomorroooooooooooow!!!!"
Ayaya pumps both arms up and down, starts to walk away, then spins back around.
Ayaya: "......wait, I can't go home today. The truth is, I wanted to try baking cookies. Would you like to try a few?"
I let Ayaya into my apartment. It should be empty, but Kagome's parked on the sofa for some reason. This is my room, right?
Kagome: "Got a problem with this, boy?"
Akihito: "You think this is fine, girl?"
Ayaya: "It's fine. Hinaori-senpai, wouldst thou join us in cookie-tasting!?"
That's not fine at all.
Akihito: "I give these a 60 out of 100."
I take a peek at the carnage in the Acceptor threads while trying Ayaya's cookies.
Kagome: "Don't be soft, Akihito. These are only 25. There isn't enough sugar, and the vanilla extract was misused."
She reminds me of an in-law wiping her finger on the window frame to complain about how dusty it is.
Ayaya: "Th-the world is such a harsh critic!!!!"
It's not bad for a first attempt, but I shouldn't have expected Kagome to be nice about that.
As I read the latest posts, the doorbell rings.
Akihito: "I'll get it."
Mayuki: "Here I am."
Ayaya: "Mayuki-chan~"
Mayuki: "Ayaya-san~"
They join hands and twist around in the entrance hall.
Now Mayuki's here too.
It's good to have friends, especially after reading a thread like that.
Akihito: "What brings you here today?"
Mayuki: "Yes, someone on the staff just got home from an overseas vacation, and brought back fruit juice for us, so I thought you'd like some."
Akihito: "Oh, nice. Are they made out of foreign fruits?"
Mayuki: "Yes.Although I'm lying."
Akihito: "..................that was a creative one. Anyway, come in."
Mayuki: "Okay."
She betrayed me just after my mouth started feeling tropical.
I told her she'd need to come up with new formulas, and she actually did. I can't let my guard down.
I'm used to being teased by her though. She's been coming to my apartment constantly these days.
Mayuki: "Mm......she's not here today?"
Kagome: "Is that a problem?"
Mayuki: "Gyawa!"
Kagome has a stronger presence than most humans, yet she can somehow vanish at will like a youkai.
Akihito: "Don't scare her like that."
Ayaya: "You'll get used to it, Mayuki-chan."
Mayuki: "Uuu, my heart's pounding. It hurts......"
Kagome: "If you have something to say then I'll listen to it. In that room, with no one else around, taking our sweet time."
Mayuki: "She's gonna kill me for real seriously do something!"
Akihito: "Kagome, that's called "threatening," not "listening.""
Kagome: "All dialogue is no more than a clash of power between two parties. You're such a naive boy, Akihito, still believing in love and equality."
Mayuki: "Hahi, hahi, hahi......"
She sluggishly evacuates to the sofa.
Mayuki and Kagome still don't mix well, even though they see each other almost every day. A snake and a frog......I can't blame them.
Akihito: "You've been stopping by a lot lately. Didn't you say you'd focus on work?"
Mayuki: "I'm on the graveyard shift these days, so there's nothing for me to do right now."
We all take up positions in the living room and nibble on the Ayaya cookies.
Akihito: "As if your job has night shifts. Don't lie so casually."
Ayaya: "Mayuki-chan, where do you work again? Your uncle's shop?"
To hide her idol career, Mayuki tells people that she works at her uncle's company.
Since she's good with computers, the story is he has her processing some data to earn her allowance.
Kagome: "You work at night? Good news, Akihito. You can earn pocket change with those strange fetishes of yours."
Akihito: "Stop saying things like that."
Ayaya: "Hawa! You really are only into lolis, Senpai!?"
Akihito: "No, I'm not!"
Mayuki: "Hahaha......anyway, what's the problem? People always say the Japanese overwork themselves. Having a bunch of free time is a good thing."
Akihito: "We're back to common sense now."
Kagome: "It doesn't matter if you have free time or not? Why do you come here? You too."
Mayuki and Ayaya look at each other.
Mayuki: "Umm, well......because it's close?"
Ayaya: "Uu, uuu,Ayaya's house is closer."
Kagome: "Is the whole city a wasteland outside of this apartment?"
Mayuki: "No, no, no, no."
Ayaya: "U-umm, yes......"
A snake versus a frog and a hamster. It's pretty one-sided.
Akihito: "There, there. There's nothing wrong with you coming here."
Kagome: "You don't need to talk, Akihito."
Akihito: "This is my house!"
Kagome: "I forget such trivial details."
While I deal with Kagome, Mayuki runs off and sits down at my computer.
Mayuki: "I'm gonna borrow your PC."
Ayaya: "Mayuki-chan has a lot of points in speed."
Akihito: "Don't run away when you're the one we're talking about!"
Mayuki: "One benefit of being online so much is knowing what you're better off ignoring."
Ayaya: "Senpai, you and Mayuki-chan are in perfect sync these days."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Akihito: "......but seriously, why do you have so much time off?"
I try asking directly. Mayuki avoided my question. Normally she'd blatantly lie about it.
We can't talk about her idol work in front of Ayaya and Kagome, but I'm sure Mayuki can phrase her answer in a way that doesn't reveal that.
Mayuki: "Well......actually, my uncle hurt his back."
Ayaya: "Ayaya, so the whole company's off work."
Kouhai believes people too easily.
Mayuki: "Yes, yes. I'm not getting any money right now, so I can't buy new goods. Ah, I need to use your bathroom."
Ayaya: "Working hard all day for her goods. A model for otaku everywhere. You have a future."
Akihito: "What are you expecting Mayuki to do?"
I get a phone call as soon as Mayuki disappears.
Akihito: "Oh, it's me. Be right back."
Ayaya: "Okaaay."
I walk away from Ayaya and Kagome before answering it.
It's Mayuki. So that was just a trick for her to contact me.
I'll have to keep my answers minimal so they don't figure anything out.
Akihito: "Hello."
Mayuki: "Weeell, the issue of commercializing Acceptor is coming to a head."
Mayuki: "They want to talk to Yuuna about being a mascot for the series, so they'd promote her alongside the new Acceptor adaptations."
Akihito: "Hmm."
Mayuki: "But my mom already signed the contract without talking to me about it."
Mayuki: "She said it was perfect because I'd be able to make money both as an idol and an otaku."
Mayuki: "I told her it's not that simple, but she didn't understand. She was very forceful about it."
Akihito: "That sounds terrible."
Mayuki: "So I called the company myself and politely requested that they scrap the contract."
Akihito: "......and?"
Mayuki: "Tearing up a contract after it was signed seems to have angered a lot of different people......"
Akihito: "So that's why they don't――......why he has no work for you?"
She pushed her luck so much that no one's offering her work now.
Mayuki: "All of a sudden, I only get a third of the requests I usually get."
Akihito: "So now you've got loads of time."
Mayuki: "Yes. I'll end the call here. We'll talk more later."
Akihito: "Okay."
Ayaya comes over with great interest, but I slip the phone in my pocket before she can see anything.
Ayaya: "Who called you?"
Akihito: "Umm......Takahashi, just Takahashi. He was asking for money."
Ayaya: "Takahashi-senpai was asking to borrow money from you? That does sound bad."
Akihito: "Y-yeah, it's ridiculous! He should just get a job instead of watching idols all day."
Sorry, Takahashi.
Our secret conversation ends with the noble sacrifice of a classmate. Mayuki comes back with an innocent, childish expression.
Mayuki: "I'm back. At this point, I'm wondering if I should quit entirely and just live out my days as an ordinary otaku~"
Ayaya: "Eeeh? But Ayaya just complimented you~"
Kagome: "Akihito can't do anything but consume. Every second he lives, he accelerates global warming."
Akihito: "Do you really need to turn this into an insult?"
That doesn't even connect to any of what we were talking about.
Akihito: "......back on topic, shouldn't you just do what you want to do?"
Mayuki's family has its own issues. I can't mention any details.
Mayuki: "Well, my parents are involved too, so I can't quit that easily."
Akihito: "That's a pain."
Ayaya: "Aaah, I see. It's really hard to quit a job with family."
Kagome: "............"
Ayaya really is easy to trick.
I don't like seeing Kagome this quiet. The witch must know something. It's so likely that it's terrifying.
Mayuki: "We won't know for a while if he can come back to work."
Ayaya: "Uwaaa, he threw his back out that badly?"
Mayuki: "Ummm, I've heard it might be a hernia......"
Ayaya: "That sounds painful~"
She doesn't know yet if she can keep working or not, so she's enjoying her free time while she has it. That's a lot like her real situation right now.
Akihito: "Makes sense. Might as well treat this as a vacation."
Mayuki: "But the threads still haven't improved."
The Acceptor threads remain treacherous, so she can't throw out a bunch of ideas or upload several short stories.
Thus, Mayuki doesn't have much to do.
Mayuki: "I've been thinking. Since they're bashing me about contradicting Amakuni-san's canon, maybe I should write stories in a continuity where his stuff doesn't apply."
Akihito: "Doesn't......apply?"
Ayaya: "You mean......side stories for Acceptor N?"
Mayuki: "Exactly. Maybe that will circumvent their complaints."
Akihito: "How exactly do you write stories specifically for that?"
Ayaya: "Add music and pictures?"
Mayuki: "That's right. It's a novel game, so we don't need any pixel art or animations."
Art and music. Do any of us have those artistic talents? I certainly don't have either.
Akihito: "Someone who can draw......"
Mayuki: "Hmmm."
Ayaya: "Hmmm."
Akihito: "Someone who can compose music......"
Mayuki: "Hmmm."
Ayaya: "Hmmm."
Akihito: "That's not gonna work."
Mayuki: "No, it's not."
It's a good idea, but none of us can make it a reality.
Ayaya: "Ayaya can do karaoke though!"
Akihito: "Stick to singing anime themes in the bath."
Ayaya: "Aaauu~"
Kagome: "I can draw. If Akihito prostrates himself before me, I might consider it."
Kagome stops trimming her nails with a knife and barges into the conversation.
Ayaya: "Seriously, Hinaori-senpai!?"
Akihito: "......you have those skills?"
Kagome can do anything, including draw, but I didn't know she could do anime-style art too.
Kagome: "Do you want me to or not?"
Akihito: "............"
Ayaya and Mayuki look at me with great anticipation. I endure the embarrassment.
Akihito: "......please."
I bow down like a farmer praying to a great demon.
Kagome: "Give me a pen and paper."
Mayuki: "Here you go."
Kagome scribbles across the paper as she sits cross-legged.
Such speed! Such smooth strokes! Her pen moves without hesitation, like a professional artist!
Akihito: "Oooh!"
Mayuki: "Ho-ho."
Ayaya: "So professional!"
We watch Kagome draw with wide eyes.
Kagome: "Done."
Eventually, Kagome puts her pen down.
Akihito: "Gyaaa!!!"
Mayuki: "Fuooo!!!"
Ayaya: "Bieeee!!!"
A creature unimaginably bizarre and blasphemous, which must have come from some eternal region of deep space, has manifested itself as true terror inside the confined space of a sheet of paper.
Akihito: "............"
Mayuki: "............"
Ayaya: "............"
Akihito: "I think Benio might be able to make some music."
Ayaya: "That's right! She's really into music!"
Mayuki: "You can ignore that? You're scary, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "Gyowa!"
An iron claw latches onto the back of my head.
Kagome: "I changed my mind. I'll use this time to educate you."
Akihito: "S-stop, please stop, Kagome, uwaaaaaa......!"
Ayaya: "Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa......!"
Mayuki: "Hieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee......!"
Many terrifying things took place.
Let's just say I can't commit them to paper.
Kagome: "Smart move, Akihito."
Akihito: "Eheh, eheheheheheh."
I present an offering of cheesecake to the witch, and somehow it all blows over. But I nearly died.
Mayuki: "So no pictures and no music. What about voices?"
Ayaya: "Voices?"
Akihito: "What do you mean?"
Mayuki: "Commercial visual novels usually have voiced characters."
Mayuki: "So why don't we record ourselves doing the voice acting?"
I see. And it'll be hard to bash her work as much if it's for Herm's "official" work.
Especially if Mayuki's not the only one participating.
Akihito: "Wait a minute, recording voices!?"
Ayaya: "Amateur voice acting!?"
Mayuki: "Pretty much."
Akihito: "I guess......we don't really need any special skills for that......but it seems really embarrassing."
Mayuki: "Which is why no one ever volunteers. There's an opening here."
Akihito: "There weren't that many characters, right? Umm......the hero, the three fangirls, and one of them has a brother."
Mayuki: "We don't need to voice all of them."
Ayaya: "Commercial games often don't have the budget to voice all of the side characters."
A tough subject comes up. In the end, everything in the world comes down to money, money, money.
Akihito: "Good point......guess we can try it. Record ourselves for fun and then decide whether to submit it or not."
Mayuki: "That's right. There's no guarantee Herm-san would want to use them anyway, so let's have fun with it."
Ayaya: "Putting too much work into it would just make things awkward for him~"
Mayuki: "Yes. If we put all our heart and soul into it, he might feel obligated to use it somehow, even if it doesn't fit the characters."
Akihito: "That's true. So, let's give this a shot."
Mayuki: "Yes. First, we need to conscript some actors."
Ayaya: "Oooh!"
We've made up our minds, so it's time to get started. I should text some people......
Kagome: "If you tell me how mesmerized you are by my beautiful voice, I might consider it."
Well, having more people to try can't hurt.
Akihito: "Your voice is mesmerizing."
Mayuki: "Utterly mesmerizing."
Kagome: "Very well."
Ayaya: "Okay, that's one."
The weekend――
Our plan has moved forward without obstacle. I texted everyone I knew and gathered a bunch of volunteers.
We ended up drawing lots to decide who would voice who.
We rented a cheap recording studio, since doing it all at home felt a bit too amateurish.
Mayuki: "I'm doing Sasaki Miyu. Okay! A hero's ultimate move just has to be a kick!"
No surprise Mayuki's good at this. Her day job as an idol helps a lot.
Ayaya: "Ayaya's doing Himehara Momo~ Kaname-san is super......ahem, Kaname-san, you're so cooool♪"
Ayaya's a bit off, but not bad.
Kagome: "I'm Sumeragi Kurage. I would love it if
......why the hell does she talk like this?"
Honestly, Kagome's creepy. That was a bad role for her. A perky rich girl? She'll never fit that part.
Benio: "I'm Reidou Kaname. A hound andromorph. Exterminating target!Uwaaa, I've always wanted to say that~!"
Benio-san the ally of justice is very happy to be playing the hero, but can she do a male voice?
Haru: "Ummm......I'm a shark andoro......andromorph? ......yes. Gao, gao!Are you sure this is my part?"
Haru's playing the monster. I don't think that was a good idea.
Akihito: "I'm playing Sasaki Miyu's brother, Heiki. I think we have enough people here to record a whole scene."
I'm supposedly an engineer, a NEET, a useless older brother, a recovering alcoholic in full body costume and mask with a fetish for costumed heroines.
This is just mean......
Mayuki: "Now, I've printed out the script, so please look through it, everyone."
Mayuki: "I doubt we can all memorize this, so just read it once and do the best that you can."
Akihito: "Okay. Not like it matters."
We all read through the script for a few minutes.
Some read quietly, others say it out loud, or try to play the part a bit.
Then the recording begins.
Sasaki Heiki loiters around by himself.
Last night he spent too much time drinking and reading eroge, so he's hungover. He got separated from his little sister when he had to go to the bathroom for several minutes.
Today a shop with special effects equipment is having a small event.
Heiki wanders around, hunched over among people cosplaying as heroes and monsters.
Heiki: "Uuooo......! It's like rolling thunder in my stomach......urrrrrrrrrr......uuu......!"
Monster: "Guo, outta my way."
Heiki: "Obeh!?"
One of the monsters bumps into Heiki. It looked gentle, but Heiki flies into the wall.
Cosplay Hero: "Eh!? What the......!?"
Cosplay Monster: "H-hey! Are you okay!? Hey!"
Cosplay Heroine: "Ambulance! Someone call an ambulance~!!"
The monster that crashed into Heiki is already gone.
Monster: "Guuu, Acceptor......it's my turn to hunt you now! Gao, gao! ......wait, I'm a shark. What noise does that make? Sha, sha?"
The monster is a shark andromorph. An assassin sent by the organization.
They know where the Acceptor Reidou Kaname lives now, so they're making their move. The people inside the building haven't realized what's happening yet.
Miyu: "Geez, why is he so late!? My brother is just useless!"
Kaname: "Hu......! You shouldn't speak ill of your brother."
Kurage: "H-......he's right. You can't ignore all the gadgets Heiki-san's engineering background enables him to build......or something."
Momo: "This place is really crowded though~ Nothing but heroes and monsters. There might even be a real one in there for all we know♪"
Miyu: "And none of them suspect a real-life Acceptor is here among them! Ha, ha, ha~"
Miyu: "But if one of these monsters is real, then we'll get to say "There's no one on the inside!""
Kurage: "The amateur......Acceptor videos have been selling well."
Momo: "People keep asking how we filmed that ultimate kick. I accidentally told one of them it was real."
Kaname: "I doubt anyone believed you......"
Eventually, the commotion outside seeps in.
Event Staff: "Excuse me, which of you was waiting for Sasaki Heiki-san? Again, Sasaki Heiki-san! He's collapsed out front!"
Kaname: "Hu......! Wh-what!? That's......Miyu's older brother, right!?"
Kurage: "Oh my, he was that hungover? ......such a foolish......I mean, that's unfortunate."
Miyu: "Wha――!? That idiot! I'm not forgiving him this time! What kind of guy says "Happiness can only be found through an LCD screen!?" I'm gonna use my iron fists until he's physically incapable of drinking ever again!"
Momo: "W-wait, Mayu――......I mean Miyu-chaaan."
Kurage: "W-wait! Kaname-san is......!"
Kaname: "Uuu, uuuuuuu......!"
Miyu turns around to see Kaname holding a hand to his forehead.
Miyu: "Kaname......?"
Kaname: "Hu......wait."
Kaname raises the other hand, telling Miyu to stay put. Fortunately, his implants have been active the whole time, since they pass as cosplay.
His hearing is far more sensitive than any normal human's, so he groans a little as he stands in the crowded building.
Monster: "Shaaa! Shaaa! Shaaa! Shaa, shaaa!"
Kaname: "There......! Something evil is in here! An andromorph......!!!"
The enemy is lurking somewhere nearby.
I look around at the fantastical crowd of costumed humans.
There's a real andromorph in here somewhere......!
Miyu: "Eh? No way......! That's not good......!"
Momo: "Eeeeeh~!? I don't want to be attacked here~ I-I'm scared, Kaname-saaan."
Kaname: "Shh! Don't make a lot of noise. It's probably......a shark andromorph!"
Kaname: "It can sense the tiny electrical currents we produce......!! Hu, I know what to do......!"
I urge them to stay quiet. We can't let it figure out where we are.
Kaname: "We need to avoid fighting in here......!"
Kurage: "Wait a minute! I mean, please wait! There are both heroes and monsters in here......he can't tell who you are either."
Only my ears can hear the breathing of a man-eating shark.
Monster: "Shaa, shaa!"
Kaname: "Are you suggesting......exterminating it here......!?"
Mayuki: "Cut, cuuuuuuuut!!"
Mayuki ends the recording.
That was a mess. A complete and utter mess.
Akihito: "Wait a minute, I only had one line, a few grunts and a scream!"
Mayuki: "That was pretty terrible."
Kagome: "Absolutely. I'm the only one who was decent."
Ayaya: "Please give Ayaya some of your confidence. Even just a milligram."
Benio: "How was mine!? I thought I really got into the character!"
Haru: "It was kinda fun, even just saying "Shaa, shaa!" Ahaha!"
Mayuki: "None of you were any good! Rejected! We're going back to the drawing board!"
All Four: """"Eeeeeeeeeeeeeh!?""""
Blame flies from Instructor Mayuki.
She makes us all sit down seiza-style. Was Mayuki treated this way when she made her debut?
Mayuki: "First, Akihito-san!"
Mayuki: "......actually, you had so few lines, I'll skip you."
Akihito: "Seriously!?"
I'm still being mistreated.
Mayuki: "Next, Hinaori-san!"
Mayuki: "......I won't even try."
Kagome: "What......did you......!?"
Akihito: "Umm, she has a point."
Kagome: "She couldn't tell how marvelous my acting was."
Kagome leaves.
Mayuki: "Next, Ayaya-san!"
Mayuki: "......fifty points!"
Ayaya: "Yay! What was the maximum?"
Akihito: "A hundred, duh. You didn't even get our characters' names right."
Ayaya: "I-I did my best~"
Ayaya leaves.
Mayuki: "On to Benio-san!"
Mayuki: "......far too forced! Ten points!"
Benio: "Wh-whyyy!? That was so cool!"
Akihito: "Which you said after finishing your line, during recording."
Benio: "Uuuuuuu......I'll go exterminate a shark andromorph~"
Benio leaves.
Mayuki: "Finally, O-Haru-san!"
Mayuki: "......not serious enough! Five points!"
Haru: "Voice acting is hard work."
Akihito: "Can't take it lightly."
Haru: "Shaa, shaa!"
Haru leaves.
Mayuki: ".................."
Akihito: ".................."
I leave.Mayuki leaves.
....................................
And thus, no one remained.
We save the recordings, then seal them someplace so deep in my computer's file system that they will never be unearthed.
The idea's been shelved.
The recording was kinda fun, but we won't be doing it again with this group.
So much for this project.
====================真雪15 少女Aの足跡_0604.json====================
Change can come quite suddenly. People don't think about it until it actually happens. They believe without evidence that today will be like yesterday, and tomorrow will be like today.
Everyone dreams at least once of an unchanging future. A today like yesterday. A tomorrow like today.
But the world's substance changes. That fairy tale will never come true.
I go home after school, and immediately feel exhausted. As I lie around on the sofa, someone rings the doorbell.
Mayuki: "It's me."
These days she always comes at least once every three days. This might as well be a spare room of hers. She comes right in without me doing anything.
Akihito: "Still have loads of free time, I see."
Mayuki: "I did have a photo shoot today."
Akihito: "Didn't you say you had another concert coming up?"
Mayuki: "That one was meant to be timed with Acceptor's major debut."
Akihito: "So it's been put off......oh well."
What's done is done. We need to move forward.
That's healthier than sacrificing our unknown future just to stay in an unchanging past. Putting a clear end to each and every day is part of life.
Mayuki: "The voice acting didn't work out, so what should we try next?"
Akihito: "Why not just start using Amakuni's canon?"
Mayuki: "Aaah, that could work."
Akihito: "Right? Though it's still hard to do anything until......Herm-san, right? Until he shows up and says whether or not he's gonna represent everyone."
Mayuki: "I wonder what really happened to him."
Mayuki: "He never did upload stuff that often. He's the type to suddenly post a ton of stuff unannounced all at once."
Akihito: "Even Werecat-senpai is started to get bored of him."
These days, she just lies on the roof meowing lazily.
Her type can't live when the world is at peace and nothing interesting is happening. An enemy of the world.
Mayuki: "I tried texting him a few more times, but still nothing."
Mayuki: "Though that address always felt like a throwaway account, so he probably doesn't check it anymore......"
Akihito: "Maybe he's just sick?"
Mayuki: "No news isn't good news in this day and age."
Mayuki: "Around last week, someone even put up a thread about searching for him."
Akihito: "And they didn't find anything?"
I click, pulling up the familiar Acceptor wiki.
Mayuki: "There were so few responses that in no time it was buried under a series of identical spam posts."
Akihito: "Someone's got way too much free time."
Do those people spend all day lurking around image boards like sharks until they see a thread they can use their stock of incomprehensible nonsense on?
Mayuki: "And we're talking about this because we have too much free time."
Akihito: "Oh yeah, you're right."
I continue lazily clicking.
I scroll through the wiki's edit history, down to where Herm stopped making changes.
Akihito: "It's been quite a while."
Mayuki: "I'm surprised how much everyone's doing even without Herm-san."
Akihito: "I've heard cockroaches can survive two weeks without their head."
Mayuki: "That's disgusting."
Going back even farther......
Version 0.9 UploadedVersion 0.8 Uploaded
There's a steady stream of regular updates.
I get curious about how far back this goes, so I scroll farther down.
Version 0.7 UploadedUsed logo from Anonymous >>125 from the thread
The comments are terse, and not that interesting by themselves.
Herm really did just quietly upload cohesive works.
It was probably easy for everyone to accept him in part because he was so reserved, showing no signs of letting it get to his head.
I go farther back.
The first unusual update I find comes before Version 0.2.
Akihito: "It says he deleted something he wrote here."
Mayuki: "What is it?"
Akihito: "It used to be an image link......should we look?"
Mayuki: "This link is......part of Herm-san's personal web page."
Mayuki: "He probably drew some pictures of his own, then decided he didn't like them and removed the link."
Akihito: "Let's take a look anyway."
I copy the URL and paste it into my browser's address bar.
The image was never actually deleted, so after a brief wait, it appears on my screen.
Akihito: "Hey, this is......!"
Mayuki: "I-it's......!?"
We freeze.
Most people would assume it's just an obscure anime character or original illustration.
A bizarre outfit that doesn't match any particular country, and instead just looks like weird cosplay with a funny hat.
The mystery creator's drawing is unmistakably―――
Akihito: "―――Girl A."
The singing illusion who appears in connectors' eyes, guiding their awakening.
Only those who can become connectors ever see her invisible form or hear her silent song.
A fairy tale that summons you in the night, connects you to an avatar, then disappears without telling you anything.
There are many rumors surrounding her.
――If you fulfill certain conditions, you can see her again.――If you find her, she'll give you guidance.――She's a goddess of death, and you meet her one last time before dying.
Some say she's an angel that will save us all someday.Others say............
The legends never end.
Akihito: "Is that what I......?"
Mayuki: "I think it is."
Now I'm very interested in Herm the mystery author. He must have seen Girl A before.
Mayuki: "We haven't seen her since that night, have we......?"
That night――When we first met our avatar.
Girl A suddenly appeared before us that day, then vanished after we got our avatar. She does that for everyone.
And here's an image of her.
Was Herm a connector? He went out of his way to upload a picture he drew. He removed the link, but the image is still here.
Mayuki: "The file name is "singing-girl." Not Girl A."
Akihito: "......he's definitely seen Girl A though. He even knows that she sings. But......why......?"
There are a number of possibilities.
Maybe he met Girl A, was lost and confused by it, and wanted information. If no one from the Round Table ever found and helped him, maybe he tried to find other connectors himself.
But it's risky to openly reveal that. That's common sense in the Coμnet, but if you don't know that, it's really easy to violate that taboo.
Not knowing is dangerous.Just as dangerous as knowing too much.
Akihito: "......you haven't heard anything from him, right?"
Mayuki: "............no."
An ominous sign. It's possible he disappeared and stopped writing because of coμ-related problems.
Akihito: "......I'd better talk to Kururi-chan."
Akihito: "She may have given up the search, but she's been after him long enough that she might know something we can use."
Mayuki: "We're gonna look for him? Well, I want to find him too......but you really like finding trouble, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "......I just can't sleep when something's bugging me."
Mayuki: "Still, I wasn't expecting things to come together like this at all."
Akihito: "Me neither."
Our biweekly meetings. I give my familiar teammates a different report than usual.
Akihito: "We found something odd on the net, actually."
Haru: "What is it? Porn images?"
Benio: "Y-you can't show us that!!"
Akihito: "Not that. Mayuki-kun, show them."
Mayuki: "Here it is."
Operator Mayuki displays the image in question on her mobile device. A drawing of Girl A.
Izawa: "Huh......?"
Benio: "This is...Girl A......"
Kagome: "Oooh."
Akihito: "......?"
Kagome leans forward and checks the screen. A meaningless moment coincidentally formed by that ordinary action.
I feel something like deja vu.
A mental illusion that I've seen this before, even though I clearly couldn't have.
I have no idea why I'd suddenly feel that sensation while looking at the face of my childhood friend, who's in and around my room all day every day.
Mayuki: "Remember the recordings we did? The person who wrote that story drew this."
Izawa isn't familiar with any of this, so I quickly fill him in.
Akihito: "――――So that's when we found this picture."
Benio: "So that means......the guy who wrote Acceptor is a connector too?"
Akihito: "It looks like he drew this himself, and it's too similar to be a coincidence. I think he's seen her before."
Benio: "I see......but since he's online there's no way of knowing who he is."
Akihito: "Actually, we have an unexpected lead on that."
I talked to Kururi, and it turns out her persistent sleuthing (her words) did manage to track down the guy who submitted the Acceptor N logo.
And that man exchanged a number of texts with Herm back when they were discussing logo designs.
Akihito: "He didn't know who Herm was either, but there was something interesting in those texts."
Mayuki: "Here. "The storm knocked out my power and I lost the data"......"
Haru: "I see. We can narrow it down to places that lost power on the date of this text."
Haru's sharp. That's exactly what we did.
Akihito: "Within this city, only the north side was affected that day."
Girl A has only ever been seen in Takakura City. At least, from what I can find on the internet.
Plus, we've never met a connector who awakened outside of Takakura City.
If Herm is a connector, odds are very high he's here too.
Benio: "So he's living somewhere on the north side?"
Izawa: "......so?"
Akihito: "Well, that's one of the discussion topics today. I was hoping you guys might help us look for this guy, if you're interested."
Izawa: "Who cares about him?"
Izawa: "This is a waste of time. I'm leaving."
Izawa turns around. The others don't seem interested either.
This isn't an urgent problem for any of us. It's harsh, but most of us just don't care that much.
Haru: "Well then, O-Haru-san will head off too."
She always does whatever she wants.
Akihito: "Kagome?"
Kagome: "Why do I need to do something about this random guy disappearing?"
Exactly as expected. The witch cares not for the world.
Akihito: "Benio-san?"
Benio: "I'd like to help, but......I have no idea what to do."
Akihito: "Good point. I'll call you if we manage to find any more clues."
Benio: "Okay, I'll help out then."
Kagome leaves. Haru leaves. Benio waves goodbye and heads home.
Only Mayuki and I remain.
Akihito: "It's been peaceful lately."
Mayuki: "What makes you say that?"
Akihito: "When I just stand here and stare into space, it feels like my place in the world is very ambiguous."
Not that I ever did know for sure where I belong.
I look up from the footbridge. Takakura Station reminds me of a glass castle.
Dazzling evening sunlight covers the fortress.
Mayuki: "......humans are so selfish."
Akihito: "What brought that on?"
Mayuki puts her elbows on the railing, squinting at the station's huge round roof.
Mayuki: "Do you know why this station was rebuilt?"
Akihito: "The terrorist attacks. I saw it on the news."
Mayuki: "I was very scared back then. I wanted it to end as soon as possible."
Mayuki: "It's been years since then, but having nothing to worry about all this time feels boring."
Mayuki: "I'm so selfish."
People forget about disasters as soon as they can't feel the effects anymore.
Akihito: "Humans are just like that."
Mayuki: "Ah, but I have been rethinking that again recently."
Mayuki: "Because it's nice to be able to do something about stuff that's close to me."
Akihito: "Yeah."
She can afford to feel happy or sad about the Acceptor threads because the world is peaceful.
Humans are pebbles. When thrown into the sea, the world, they're swallowed up, producing ripples.
If the water turns stormy, there's nothing they can do.
Everyone's alone, but no one can live by themselves.
You can't love or hate anyone if you're the only one around.
Akihito: "Peaceful."
Mayuki: "Peaceful."
We stand side-by-side, enjoying peace.
The Coμnet's mostly peaceful too. There've been a few small incidents, but nothing serious.
Not with the Round Table, and not with Caesar's Legion.
It'd be nice if things stayed like this forever.
Mayuki: "Now then, Akihito-san, let's go home and continue investigating."
Akihito: "Good idea."
We walk back together.
====================真雪16 隠者を追跡する.json====================
After school we assemble a search team for Mr. Herm and operate out of Mayuki's room since it's fully equipped.
Day one.――――We find nothing.
Day two.――――We find nothing.
Day three.――――We find nothing.
Day four.
Akihito: "How'd it go?"
Mayuki: "They're not taking it well, unsurprisingly. Some of them are annoyed by just seeing my alias."
Mayuki faces her monitor and casually moves the mouse around.
Akihito: "We didn't get anywhere either. The media companies are doing the same thing we are."
Our best bet right now is trying to determine Herm's IP address.
If we get that, we might be able to track down where he lives.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, I think I know how to get his IP, but what do you plan to do with it?"
Akihito: "We'll use a certain ill-natured cat to locate him."
Mayuki: "A cat......? Umm, you mean that girl who visited a lot when I was staying at your place? Kururi-san?"
Akihito: "Yes. Kagome's not interested, so we have to rely on our second inhuman friend. She has lots of weird connections and dubious skills."
Mayuki: "But wasn't Kururi-san already looking for Herm for the companies?"
Akihito: "If I only give her the IP, even she won't be able to tell it's him."
Mayuki: "Well, I guess it is her specialty."
First, we try talking to the Acceptor wiki admins.
Herm uploaded his work to that site, so his IP ought to be somewhere on the server.
Of course, they tell us they can only give that kind of information to the police.
So then we look at a bunch of smaller Acceptor-related sites and ask them to tell us his IP if they know it.
Akihito: "I hope they at least reply, even if they don't want to cooperate. I feel like I'm just spamming them."
Anyone would be suspicious if they got an email from a total stranger asking for some other guy's IP address.
Mayuki: "None of my internet friends knew Herm directly."
Mayuki: "I even tried emailing those stalkers, but they didn't reply."
Akihito: "We shouldn't expect any help from them."
Mayuki: "Are there any other sites you think he might have accessed?"
Akihito: "Beats me......I don't even know him. There's no way I could guess what sites he browses."
Mayuki: "This is hopeless."
Maybe I have to beg Kagome for help――Just as I think that, I find an unexpected clue.
Akihito: "Huh......? This drawing......"
Mayuki: "What?"
One of the image sites listed in our search for Acceptor-related stuff.
The top page has some fanart of the three otaku girls, but what drew my attention was the thumbnail underneath.
Akihito: "This is that thing O-Haru-san played, right?"
An image of a shark andromorph used in the Acceptor game. This guy must've done the creature design for it.
It links to "TeratoBlog."
Apparently "terato" means bizarre or monstrous or something, so it's a blog about monsters.
And the admin is goes by Terato-san.
Mayuki searches the site.
Mayuki: "......jackpot. Look at this post."
Akihito: "Herm......!"
A blog article from four months ago. It's just some creature doodles and ramblings, but one of the comments is from Herm."Thank you for submitting your designs."
That's all he wrote, but it's enough.
Akihito: "That means this blogger can see Herm's IP, right?"
Mayuki: "Probably. Should we email him?"
Akihito: "Not much choice. Hopefully he doesn't delete it the moment he sees your name."
Mayuki: "If I used a fake name or none at all, he'd probably think I was yet another representative of those corporations."
Akihito: "You said yourself not everyone thinks like those flamers. I'm sure there's loads of people who still support you."
Mayuki: "I hope so."
She looks uneasy. She's tough, but strangely sensitive at times.
I gently pat her shoulder.
Akihito: "I'm sure he'll answer when he sees you're serious."
Mayuki: "Then......I'll try."
Mayuki takes a breath and starts drafting an email.
E-mail: Yuki: "I'm trying to find out where Herm-san lives. So far, I've learned that he lives relatively close to me."
E-mail: Yuki: "And today I saw a comment from Herm-san on your blog, Terato-san."
E-mail: Yuki: "If you trust me, would you please tell me Herm-san's IP, since I'm sure you can see it?"
E-mail: Yuki: "I want to make sure he's okay, and find out for sure whether he wants to come back or retire."
E-mail: Yuki: "I'm hoping we can get Acceptor N out of its current limbo after that."
E-mail: Yuki: "Thank you in advance."
If this doesn't work, it's probably time to give up.
A few hours later. The sun is already sinking outside.
Mayuki's e-mail client tells us the long-awaited e-mail has arrived.
Mayuki: "There it is."
Akihito: "What'd he say?"
She opens it.
E-mail: Terato: "I saw your e-mail, Yuki-san. I've been worried about Herm-san too."
E-mail: Terato: "I'm surprised to hear you and Herm-san live so close together."
E-mail: Terato: "I do want to help you as much as I can, Yuki-san, but revealing IP addresses is a delicate subject, so I don't think I can do it over e-mail."
E-mail: Terato: "Could we talk in a chat room? I'll think about telling you his IP after that. I'll be in――――――"
The response is pretty positive.
He said he'd wait in a particular chat room every day from 6 PM to midnight for a week.
There's no reason to wait. It's already past six. We should go talk to him now.
Akihito: "Can I join the chat too?"
Mayuki: "Please do. I'll use my phone so you can use the laptop."
Akihito: "Okay."
We enter the chatroom specified in the e-mail.
―――I am worried.
Yuki's still being bashed in the Acceptor threads.
If Terato is one of Yuki's anti-fans, it's possible he'd save the logs of this chat so he can reveal them later and make things even worse.
But if he's on our side, or at least neutral, he should want to help us, if only to improve the current state of the threads.
Right now everyone's probing to see who is on their side and who to repeatedly insult. There's no way anyone's enjoying this situation.
――――Yuki-san has joined the chat.――――dm-san has joined the chat.
Yuki: Pleased to meet you, Terato-san
dm: Hi, I'm with her
Terato: Hi, pleased to meet you, Yuki-san, dm-san
Yuki: Sorry to make you go through all this trouble
Terato: It's nothing. So who is this dm-san?
Yuki: Umm, he's a friend. He's helping me search for Herm-san
dm: Something like that
Terato: Aaah, are you one of the guys in that thread? lol
Yuki: Anyway, about Herm-san's IP......
Terato: Just to be sure, you aren't......planning to join the media companies, are you?
Yuki: I think Herm-san should make that decision. If he wants to resign, then I'll let Amakuni-san handle it
Terato: I see...I guess there's no way you could prove that
Yuki: Unfortunately......
dm: I can't really vouch for her since you don't know me
Terato: The internet can be really inconvenient that way
dm: Isn't this a problem in real life too?
Terato: That's true
Yuki: So what should we do?
Terato: I've made my decision. I'm going to trust you, Yuki-san
Yuki: Really?
Terato: I'm actually a pretty big fan of yours, Yuki-san
dm: Eh?
Terato: I really hate what's happened to the thread. I'll do whatever I can to find Herm-san and get it back to normal.
Yuki: In that case...
Terato: I'd honestly prefer you managed the licensing rather than Amakuni-san
dm: Umm......
Terato: Ah, I wasn't going to ask you to use my art in the commercial version, lol
Yuki: Ah, not that, lol, it's just I really don't want to be in charge of that. I want this to stay a hobby
Terato: Yeah, that does sound like you
Yuki: I'm glad you understand
dm: I was afraid you'd turn out to be an anti-fan
Terato: lolol
Yuki: So, about the IP......
Terato: I'll tell you. But what do you think happened to Herm-san?
Yuki: I don't know. It's not unheard of for people to just disappear on the internet. Hopefully he's not sick or something.
Terato: I hope he's okay too. Those threads never would've gotten so big if he hadn't been there.
Terato: Can I count on you to find out what happened to him?
Yuki: Yes, I'll find him
Terato: Can I ask you one last thing?
Yuki: ?
Terato: Amakuni-san's controlling that thread, isn't he? So he can be the one to work with the media companies...?
Yuki: ............
dm: It might be him, but Yuki doesn't want to say things like that about her colleagues
Terato: Uwa, you're such a good person!
dm: So much so it's embarrassing sometimes
Yuki: That's enough of that
Terato: You two really get along, lol. Are you classmates?
dm: No, she's a lot younger than me. We're just friends.
Terato: That's pretty unusual, lol. You're not a couple, are you? lol
dm: No no no
Yuki: No no no
Terato: lololol, I know. I'll send Yuki the IP in a compressed text file. The password is "Acceptor"
Yuki: Thank you so much!
dm: Thank you
Terato: It's nothing. If you ever get the chance I'd like to meet up offline
Yuki: Sure
dm: Sounds good
Terato: A lot of people think you might be a girl. Is that true? lol
Yuki: I'm actually a hermaphrodite
dm: I keep telling you not to lie so casually
Terato: lololol, you two get along so well. I'm jealous
Terato: I've sent it. Please find Herm-san and get things back to normal. I'd like to design more creatures for him
Yuki: Yes
Terato: I have to go now. Good luck, Yuki-san
Yuki: Thank you again
――――dm-san has left the chat.――――Yuki-san has left the chat.
Mayuki: "There it is. Ac...cep...tor..."
Akihito: "I'm glad he turned out to be a nice guy."
Mayuki: "Yes♪"
Akihito: "Though it was weird when he asked if we were a couple."
Mayuki: "I didn't dislike the idea."
Akihito: "Stop lying."
Mayuki: "Huhuhuhu."
After decompressing, we find a very small, perfectly ordinary text file.
It has Herm's IP, plus the line "I still think you guys are more than friends, lol."
Akihito: "Senpai, are you alive? I have a favor to ask."
Kururi: "Aki-chan, I don't believe I raised you to use such rude greetings."
Akihito: "You didn't raise me at all."
Kururi: "That comeback was so boring."
Akihito: "Anyway, on to business. I need to know the address associated with a certain IP."
Kururi: "Haaa......Aki-chan, amateurs like you shouldn't go out of your way to get into trouble. What girl are you trying to save with the super-detective's help this time?"
Akihito: "............"
Akihito: "It's a guy, actually."
Kururi: "Uwa, you completely dodged the question."
Akihito: "Enough about that. I'll text you the IP, okay?"
Kururi: "All right, Aki-chan, but I should warn you. When you live a life of secrets and affairs, the best you can hope for is dying alone in the gutter."
Akihito: "That's kind of shocking coming from you, Senpai......"
After talking to the super-detective, I send her the IP and some of the other information we have.
I choose that information carefully to try and prevent her from realizing it's Herm-san.
Akihito: "Now to wait."
Mayuki: "I've been wondering......"
For some reason, Mayuki's staring at me.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san......you knew a lot of strange people, even before we got the avatar. And all of them are women......"
Akihito: "Wh-why are you glaring at me......?"
I feel ashamed for no real reason.
Two days later.
Ayaya: "Suenpuaaai!"
Ayaya charges at me in front of the school gates. I gracefully evade her like a matador.
Akihito: "Hi."
Ayaya: "Uoo, how could you ignore the mini-boob love hug! Senpai, have you succumbed to the lolirin nerve toxin!?"
Akihito: "Don't start bad rumors. Anyway, what's up? Do you need something? Wanna walk home together?"
Ayaya: "That invitation tugs at my heartstrings, but I have calligraphy club today."
Ayaya: "This is why I'm here!"
She holds out an envelope with both hands.
Ayaya: "Kururi-chan-senpai gave it to me."
She finished looking into that IP faster than I expected.
Akihito: "Oooh, thanks for this. Tell the cat I appreciate it."
Ayaya: "Yessir!"
Ayaya: "See you tomorrow, Senpai!"
The lively kouhai waves her arms around as she rushes back inside.
The envelope contains a brief report.
Based on the IP and the information I gave her, Kururi narrowed Herm's address down to one of five places.
She really is a super-detective. These are skills you'd never have a use for in your everyday life.
Akihito: "Should we go check them out one by one?"
Mayuki: "If Herm-san is a connector, he might get really paranoid if we just show up on his doorstep......"
Mayuki: "If only there was a way to get his e-mail address instead."
Unfortunately, knowing his physical address won't help us at all with his e-mail.
We might be able to get his phone number, but if he only uses cell phone, that won't help either.
Akihito: "Ah......there is another way we can do that."
Mayuki: "Eh? There is!?"
Akihito: "Snail mail. We'll write a letter."
Mayuki: "Oooooh......such ancient technology."
The latest technology isn't always the best. Technology, systems, and ideas are all just tools, and whether a tool is good or not depends on how it's used.
He probably won't like knowing that strangers discovered his address, but if we send a carefully written letter he won't just ignore it completely.
......I hope.
Akihito: "All right, let's send the same letter to all five places, and put an apology at the top for the four that aren't him."
Mayuki: "Good idea. I've never actually sent a letter before."
Akihito: "Maybe we should go buy some envelopes and stamps."
Mayuki: "Yes!"
We're finally getting close to Herm. That thought puts a spring in our step as we look for a stationary shop.
====================真雪17 隠者の死についての考察.json====================
We send the five letters. Three days later, Mayuki receives a text message.
She texts me about it, so I head straight to her place after class.
Akihito: "You got a response?"
Mayuki: "Yes. This is definitely in response to one of the letters, though I don't know which one. Unfortunately......"
Akihito: "?"
Mayuki: "It's not from Herm-san. Apparently, one of his real life friends received it."
Akihito: "So that wasn't Herm-san's IP? ......was he using his friend's internet this whole time?"
Mayuki: "I don't know. Anyway, it's a weird message, so you should take a look at it."
I look down at her phone.She's right, this is weird.
Text: Reclus: "I'm a friend of Herm. For now, please call me Reclus."
Text: Reclus: "I'll meet with you irl and explain what happened to Herm, but only if you can promise me the following."
Text: Reclus: "1) Please don't ask for my real name.2) Please don't take pictures of me with your cell phones or anything."
Text: Reclus: "3) Please don't tell anyone my address or that you're meeting me, except for those who already know.4) Please come alone."
Text: Reclus: "If you can agree to those conditions, I'll meet you. We'll discuss the time and place later."
Akihito: "This guy's serious."
It's not normal to be this cautious. He has to be hiding something.
He even asked to be called Reclus, presumably meaning a recluse.
Come to think of it, is "Herm" short for hermit?
Mayuki: "It's normal to be paranoid online, but you don't usually make this many demands unless something's wrong."
It's clearly suspicious. I almost wonder if there are snipers positioned outside his windows.
Akihito: "Going alone would be bad though. I'm not informed enough to discuss these issues alone, and sending you by yourself would be dangerous."
Mayuki: "Let me try negotiating with him on that."
Mayuki types away, sending a new text.
Text: Mayuki: "We're fine with 1-3, but could you consider weakening 4 a bit? The two of us would much rather come together."
Mayuki: "That should do."
What should we do if he refuses? I might have no choice but to take a crash course from Mayuki, then try going by myself.
Or maybe I could go, but put Mayuki through on speaker phone when I get there? That might be ideal......
E-mail Program: "You have mail, ojou-sama.You have mail, ojou-sama."
Mayuki: "There we go."
The reply comes in no time.
Text: Reclus: "All right, but please just the two of you. We'll meet next Sunday at 1 PM, near the――――"
Akihito: "That's a big improvement......but still, he's definitely hiding something."
Mayuki: "Do you think we should get someone else to hide nearby?"
Akihito: "I would like to do that, but......"
Akihito: "If he catches on, that'll only make things worse. We should just tell everyone that something bad might happen, and we'll call back at 2 if we're okay."
Mayuki: "And we should tell them the place in case something happens to us."
Akihito: "I really hope it doesn't come to that."
And there's always the option of just running away if things feel dangerous.
The next Sunday―――
He told us to meet him near a bus stop on a particular road pretty far away from the city center.
This area is next to a mountain range, with very few houses, and so many trees it's hard to see anyone else.
Akihito: "This is an ideal area for planning crimes......"
Mayuki: "We could even summon Babylon out here and get away with it."
Akihito: "Probably......though he's clearly not used to this."
If you really want to have a safe meeting with strangers, it's best to pick extremely crowded places.
It's possible he did this because he plans to spring a trap of some kind out here, but I think it's more likely that he's just an amateur.
So what happens next......
Eventually, four people show up as a group.
Mayuki: "Pleased to meet you. I'm Yuki."
Reclus: "Pleased to meet you too. I've read a lot of your work, Yuki-san. I know it's rude, but I can't really tell you my name......"
These four guys don't exactly look like gangsters or mobsters. Two of them have glasses, and two of them are a bit overweight. They seem more like a book club.
Akihito: "Yes, that's fine. We agreed to that condition so don't worry about it. I'm......Akihito, a friend of Yuki's."
I wondered for a second whether to use my real name, and decided that just my first name shouldn't be much of a problem.
Reclus: "For now, please call me Reclus in real life too."
A short, slightly overweight man lowers his head. He seems to be their leader.
Reclus' Friend #1: "The three of us also knew Herm, but please just think of us as Reclus' friends for now."
Reclus' Friend #2: "We'd appreciate it."
Reclus' Friend #3: "Sorry."
Mayuki: "That's fine. So Reclus-san will speak for the four of you, right?"
Reclus: "That's right. So what did you want to talk to us about......?"
We look at each other.
If they knew Herm-san, there's a good chance they're connectors.
Since he brought four people, knowing there were only two of us, he's definitely worried about something.
First we should try to make them feel less anxious. I'll leave that to Mayuki.
Mayuki: "So where is Herm-san now? Do you guys know anything?"
Reclus: "N-no......we haven't seen him in a long time."
Mayuki: "I see......so you mostly knew Herm-san through the internet?"
Reclus: "U-umm......"
Reclus' Friend: "Surely it's okay to tell her that, right?"
Reclus: "Y-yeah. We knew Herm in real life. We used to see him all the time."
Mayuki: "In that case......"
He seems more at ease now. Mayuki takes out her cell phone very slowly, since we agreed not to take pictures of them.
Mayuki: "......do you recognize this image?"
Reclus: "That's......!"
He reacted to it. At the very least, he knows something about coμs.
Mayuki: "We were looking through the Acceptor wiki's edit history, and we found that Herm-san once posted a link to this image, then later deleted it."
Mayuki: "The image itself was being hosted on Herm-san's Acceptor N submissions page."
Mayuki: "If you know anything about this, could you please tell us?"
Reclus' Friend #1: "Why......do you two know about this image......?"
Mayuki: "Well......"
Should we come out and say it? That's the big question.
Mayuki asks my opinion with her eyes.
Akihito: "............"
I'm almost certain that Reclus' group is a coμ.
He wanted as few people to come here as possible, and brought three others with him.
That's more than just being cautious. This only makes sense if he was preparing for the possibility that we were hostile connectors.
Akihito: ".........you guys are connectors, right?"
Reclus: "Eh......!?"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san!?"
Everyone jumps back when I say that word.
Akihito: "You've met Girl A......haven't you?"
Reclus: "Does this mean you two are......!?"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san......you shouldn't be so blunt about these things. Please try to be more subtle."
She jabs me in the side with her elbow.
Akihito: "We were gonna have to come out and say it eventually, so I figured there was no point in trying to hide it."
Plus――Everything about this situation has been vague, and I still have no idea what's going on overall. We're wandering around in the dark.
I'd much rather show my hand and see how they react rather than take my time slowly figuring them out.
Mayuki: "Umm......we have no desire to fight."
Reclus: "Well, we don't want to fight either, but......"
Reclus: "So "connector" is a common word......there must be a lot of them......"
Reclus mutters to himself.
I don't think he has any desire to fight us right now.
Mayuki: "We really, really don't want to fight, and I don't think you do either, so please......"
Reclus: "............all right, I believe you. I'll tell you what we know."
At times like this, Mayuki's appearance is a powerful weapon. No one would ever expect a tiny little girl like this to hold any ill will toward them.
Prejudices are scary.
Avatars are overpowered tools. Tremendous violence that all connectors have access to. Your height and sex have nothing to do with whether that power intoxicates you or not.
Reclus: "The truth is......"
Reclus speaks slowly, the words dripping out one at a time.
Reclus: "Herm......
is dead."
Mayuki: "Eh......!?"
Akihito: "How did he......?"
The air around this empty road grows cold.
Reclus: "It was a coμ."
Reclus: "The five of us were total strangers brought together by Girl A."
Every coμ starts the same way. Girl A guides five randomly chosen people and connects them to an avatar.
Reclus: "I guess I don't need to explain that part in detail."
Reclus: "We met an avatar. We were shocked and scared of that monster at first."
Reclus: "But once we realized we had control over it, we were thrilled......and we gradually figured out what we could and couldn't do with it."
They had a much easier start than we did, but that also means they charged ahead without knowing the dangers of the Coμnet.
Humans can only speak of the world through experience. You can't understand good fortune without bad fortune, and you can't avoid danger if it doesn't hurt you.
Since they had a peaceful start, they didn't realize they were in the middle of a minefield until they stepped on one.
Reclus: "We swapped phone numbers, got together at night in unpopulated areas and experimented with our avatar."
Reclus: "We all became good friends after a while. I'm the one who told Herm about Acceptor. I was involved in one of the original threads that spawned it."
Mayuki: "So you knew about it even longer than he did."
Reclus: "Well......something like that."
For the first time we can see a faint smile on his face. Up until now, he's always looked dark and anxious.
Reclus: "He liked it so much that he started talking about putting it all together into a visual novel."
Reclus: "Then he actually did it, and that's the one that's getting popular now."
Reclus: "A lot of the ideas we put into that story come from our experiences as a coμ."
Reclus: "Back then, we just saw the avatar as an amazing toy only we could play with."
Akihito: "An amazing toy......"
Girl A tells us nothing. Thus, avatars are whatever you make of them.
Izawa and Benio would call it power. Haru would call it a nuisance.
A connection you can't sever has its problems.
Sometimes it's a toy. Sometimes it's a weapon. Sometimes it's an explosive collar set to explode if you mess with it.
Reclus: "We didn't want anything special, and we were never going to do anything bad with this power......"
Reclus: "But we did get a little full of ourselves, and lost sight of how important our normal lives were......"
Akihito: "Did you get involved in a fight between coμs?"
Reclus: "That day, we were hanging out at Herm's place until late at night, talking about story ideas for Acceptor."
Reclus: "And after midnight, we decided to head out and experiment with our avatar again."
Reclus: "There happened to be someone in our usual spot, so we looked for some other isolated area."
Reclus: "We searched the place quite a bit before summoning, but......"
Reclus looks down and heaves a great sigh. His eyebrows narrow with pain and he slowly shakes his head.
Reclus: "......we had no idea what happened. A massive monster just came out of nowhere."
So another avatar attacked them.
Akihito: "............"
Reclus: "It went wild, and before our eyes more blood flew through the air than we'd ever seen......"
Reclus: "It was so sudden none of us could control our avatar properly."
Reclus: "My throat went dry and I ran away, unable to even scream."
Reclus: "I was just so terrified that I couldn't think about anything but running away."
Reclus: "I only realized what attacked us was also an avatar after I escaped and calmed down......"
――An avatar levels up when it destroys other avatars.
That rule gives coμs a reason to attack each other.
So that might have been a beginner killer, or perhaps just some very violent and insane connectors.
Either way, that experience knocked Reclus' coμ out of their complacency. The first other coμ they met was a horrible monster.
Reclus: "......they killed Herm. He just laid on the ground, covered in blood, and none of us could rush over to him because we had to run away......"
Reclus' Friend #1: "............"
Akihito: "Don't blame yourself. Anyone would be caught off guard by that......"
Mayuki: "Herm-san......how could this happen?"
Herm has been dead this whole time, because of a serial killer with an avatar.
―――I remember the red color.
The same red that Reclus saw. Vanishing heat. A present and a future taken away.
A shred of malice is all it takes to usurp everything you have.
A black heat races through my chest. The remains of a vicious emotion resembling anger, directed at the one who took that life away.
Mayuki: "......Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "Ah, no. It's nothing......"
Deep breaths. I exhale the heat that was building up in my head.
Reclus' story continues.
Reclus: "For us, that avatar was just a toy......but Herm died because of it......and we were terrified."
Akihito: "What happened to him after that?"
Reclus: "I'm not sure. It never made the news, so I guess they thought it was an accident. Honestly, I could never bring myself to check......"
Mayuki: "I can understand."
I can't blame them for running away and leaving him. Most people would have no idea what to do after such a sudden turn of events.
Reclus: "After that......we decided to abandon our avatar. Of course we can't get rid of it, so that just means we'll never use it again."
Reclus: "Though we'd love to actually get rid of it if we could......"
Mayuki: "......you want to get rid of it?"
Reclus: "Yes......Herm died because of it, so it would've been better if we never had it in the first place."
Mayuki: "But............umm, how to put this......"
Mayuki looks down, and for once she's not sure what to say.
She seems to be grasping for the right words.
Mayuki: "......but then you'd never have met him......and you never would've worked on Acceptor together."
Reclus: "Yes......I guess......that's true."
Mayuki: "I'm not saying it's good that he died or anything, just......"
Reclus: "Yes, I know. We're glad we met him too......but......"
The fear of death. The edge of the world closest to all of us. Everyone finds it painful to face that head-on.
Reclus: "......we did some investigation after that happened, and we learned there were others with the same power called "connectors.""
The internet is full of rumors.
Once you become a connector yourself, it's not hard to figure out that there are a lot more out there.
Which is why they were worried we might be hostile too.
Reclus: "We promised not to meet again, and lived our separate lives, hiding all our connections to Herm."
Reclus: "Only the people who killed Herm know we're connectors......"
Reclus: "As long as we never use it again, and no one else finds out we have it, that cursed toy should be as good as gone."
They cut off all links to the Coμnet, going into hiding, forgetting everything, choosing to focus on their everyday lives.
They can't get hurt as long as no one knows.They won't get hurt as long as they tell no one.
They chose to flee from their power instead of using it.
Fleeing from the world, locking themselves away in solitude, distancing themselves from all possible dangers.
Akihito: "......I'm sorry for bringing you together again. We'll keep your secret, and don't hesitate to ask us for help if anything happens."
Reclus: "Thank you."
Mayuki: "......in retrospect, this explains a lot."
Mayuki puts a hand to her chest and closes her eyes.
Mayuki: "He always wrote heroic action stories, but put a lot of emphasis on their daily lives."
Mayuki: "He must have realized how precious it is to have a normal life with no avatars or other special powers."
Reclus: "Maybe."
That's true. Out of what I read, the secret society is little more than part of the backstory.
The protagonists don't want to fight except when circumstances force it upon them.
Mayuki: "I can't stand this."
―――However......
Averting your eyes from the Coμnet won't stop it from existing. You can say you abandoned your avatar, but you still have that power.
The fact that all four of them came here shows that they were prepared to fight with their avatar if we attacked them.
The world is always multi-layered.
One person can only know a small, room-sized world. There are many, many other worlds outside that room. Closing the curtains isn't enough to get rid of them.
Normal and abnormal. The distinction between them is always arbitrary in the end. In a war-torn country, one's normal life might not be peaceful at all.
But still......
Everyone needs the fairy tale of a normal life. An unchanging today. A tomorrow that won't be any different. You can't walk forward into the unseen future without hope.
The illusion of peace in and of itself is neither good nor bad.
Akihito: "So why did you......?"
Mayuki's letter was addressed to Herm. I still don't know why Reclus chose to reply.
Reclus: "Herm's parents received the letter. They called us about it since they remembered us hanging out with him."
Reclus: "We thought long and hard about it, but we decided we couldn't just ignore Herm's legacy......"
Reclus: "Please take good care of it in his place. He never said much online, but he was very passionate about Acceptor."
Reclus' Friends: "Please."
The four men lower their heads.
====================真雪18 Kの城塞.json====================
The world is always dizzyingly fast. We finally track down Herm, and he's dead. Reality is indifferent.
Akihito: "......not much point staying longer."
I lower my shoulders with fatigue, and say goodbye to Reclus and his friends.
Akihito: "I think we should head home now."
Reclus: "Yes......I suppose we won't meet again."
Mayuki: "We will online."
Reclus: "That's true. Anonymously."
Akihito: "Anonymously."
???: "That man is a wicked con artist! Don't let him fool you!! He's trying to get Herm-san on his side and bring down Amakuni-san!!"
???: "Nothing good will come from talking to this trash......! Cut all ties with them while you still can!"
A sudden intrusion churns the gloomy air.
Akihito: "......wait, I know those voices."
Hysterical voices suddenly barging in. Absurd statements and wording that makes my skin crawl.
☆Ra: "Get away! Get away from these demons this instant or you'll be cursed! You monster! Con artist! Be gone! Be gone!"
Kasuka: "Don't think you can get away with this............!!"
I don't even have to turn around and check. Those are the stalkers that caused so much trouble for Mayuki a while back.
Reclus: "Wh-who are you people......!?"
Reclus' Friends: "What's going on!?"
Mayuki: "What are you two doing out here!?"
Akihito: "Were you following us!?"
Because Reclus was being so careful, we arranged this meeting strictly through text messages to ensure there'd be no online record.
How could they have followed us this far?
Akihito: "You guys really are stalkers......"
Kasuka: "Hu! Don't try to hide your evil plots. You cannot pull the wool over my eyes!!"
☆Ra: "You've been running around all over the internet asking people about Herm-san!! I thought it was suspicious so we've been watching you!!"
Yep, they're stalkers.
They ignored Mayuki's request for help but kept watching us anyway. I had no idea.
Mayuki: "......you're way too good at stalking."
Akihito: "Such a waste of talent."
Reclus' group recoils in fear of the bizarre trespassers. That's a perfectly natural reaction.
Reclus: "U-umm......what is......?"
☆Ra: "Are you Herm-san!? You are, aren't you!? Aren't you!?"
☆Ra: "These evildoers are trying to trick you so they can steal the rights to Acceptor! They're demons!!"
Kasuka: "They're relying on Herm-san's power because they can't do anything themselves......the fools. Hu! ......such weaklings."
It's almost refreshing seeing people ignore the world around them so thoroughly.
Reclus: "Uhhh...umm......"
Reclus' Friends: "What the hell is this about......?"
Akihito: "......shut the hell up, you two! That's not Herm-san!"
Akihito: "Yuki doesn't even care about getting the rights to Acceptor, and we finished talking to them already so we were about to go home!"
Mayuki: "Umm, I really don't want any of the rights......if anything I'd rather Amakuni-san handle the debut."
☆Ra: "You liiiiiiiiiiiar! Liar! Liar! You big fat liiiiiiiiiiar!!!"
Kasuka: "Do you really think ☆Ra and I would be fooled by such a blindingly obvious falsehood!?"
They swing their hands and arms around like a pair of spoiled children.
They're not listening to even one percent of what we're saying. I can't help but wonder if they even understand Japanese.
Akihito: "Listen to us, god dammit!!"
Reclus: "Wh-what......!?"
Akihito: "Wha――――"
The area suddenly darkens. An enormous shadow blots out the midday sun, descending upon us from behind.
Mayuki: "A-......avatar......!"
Mayuki looks up in bewilderment.
The enormous shadow has a similarly enormous body, with the strangest shape we've ever seen by a country mile. It's probably an avatar, but......
It has no arms or legs. The only fitting way to describe it would be to say it's a castle wall. Not a fantasy of steel sprinting through the night, but a towering black steel wall.
It's massive. It may have no arms or legs, but it more than makes up for that with sheer mass. Its size surpasses even Babylon.
It must be at least five meters tall. Maybe closer to six.
☆Ra: "K-kyaaaaaaaaa!? What the hell is that!? Wha-wha-what is it!? Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!! Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Kasuka: "Uwa......uwa......m-monster......ah, ah, uwa, what do I, uwaaa............!"
Even these two stop acting high and mighty in front of this monster. Instead they scream their lungs out.
The black wall trembles. It reminds me of deep sea plants drifting near the ocean floor. They twist with incredible silence considering their size.
Reclus' Friends: "It's him! He's back......!"
They back up with fear.
Akihito: "――――Him!?"
???: "K! Erase them all!"
A new voice gives orders to the wall.
A part of the wall rises up, bending like a tree trunk, then comes plummeting down like a tidal wave.
Akihito: "Run!"
Mayuki: "Kyawa!"
Since Mayuki's slow to react, I pick her up and run away just in time.
A red-black tentacle slams down behind us. This avatar has no arms, but it does have very long tentacles.
I can hear it rushing through the air. The disturbing red-black tentacle twists like a whip.
I run onto the mountain road while carrying Mayuki. That tentacle should have no trouble targeting a human, but the trees around us make it slow down and hesitate.
Akihito: "Dammit......!"
Mayuki: "What?"
Akihito: "Just like that first attack......they're willing to destroy roads and forests just to erase all traces of battle."
They targeted us right away. They won't hesitate to kill, and yet they can't finish us off.
They are hesitating to leave evidence behind.
Akihito: "――――"
Reclus and his friends were terrified. They knew that avatar.
Akihito: "So that's the thing that――"
Reclus: "Th-that thing......killed Herm......!!"
This is the monster that killed him without mercy.
Akihito: "Mayuki, let's do this!"
Mayuki: "We can't, not just the two of us......"
Akihito: "I don't expect to win. We just need to give everyone a chance to escape."
I have to protect Mayuki and the others behind us. Can we?
If we lose our avatar, all five of us will die. Fighting always carries that risk. That's the price for this power.
Mayuki: "......!"
A small hand grabs my sleeve, its fingers shaking uneasily.
Mayuki: "I'm not brave enough to......"
The enemy's right next to us, and we're missing most of our coμ――
I remember the night we met Babylon.I hear the footsteps inching closer.
Akihito: "You can do this, Mayuki. I know it."
Mayuki: "......mm! H-how can you......be so sure......"
But so what―――?As long as we want to live......
As the king once said, you have to fight if you want to live.
Its tentacles look like power cables torn down and tied together. Those manifestations of malice extend from the massive wall fly toward us with sharp sounds.
Reclus: "Hii......!"
Reclus cowers.
Akihito: "Here we go, Mayuki!"
Mayuki: "――――A-all right!"
The resolve has hardened in Mayuki's eyes.
I let her back down.
Mayuki stands on her own feet and faces the black steel wall undulating in front of us.
Mayuki: "High-speed chant, compressed summon――――Babylon!!!"
The gate light swells forth. Babylon the black dragon appears from the bottom of the swirling blue light.
　　　　　　■■■■■■――――
The steel wall groans slightly at Babylon's appearance.
But only for a moment. The swarm of silent tentacles closes in from all sides.
Mayuki: "Since there's only two of us, I'll have to use full power right away!"
Akihito: "Got it!!"
The enormous avatar called "K" twists its tentacles, turning them into whips.
The wall's whips bounce off the black dragon without effect.
The deflected tentacles change direction, aiming for Reclus instead.
　　　　　　■■■■■■――――
The same result. K's moaning was definitely an expression of anger this time.
Darkness expands. Ten points inflate a black gravitational field.
The black shield at full power―――
It blocks not only attacks on Babylon itself, but also anything aimed at the humans near its feet.
Mayuki: "Uu......u......"
Mayuki groans with pain.
Babylon's shield can keep us safe from K's tentacles, but we are missing three people, so the dragon doesn't have a lot of power.
We can't move as precisely as our enemy right now.
We have no choice but to put all our energy into that shield, so Babylon's burning through a huge amount of MP right now.
We have to make this quick. If this comes down to endurance, we're guaranteed to lose.
　　　　　　■■■■■■――――
K ensures its tentacles don't destroy the scenery, even when knocked aside by our shield. A few more are added to the swarm.
K's Connector: "You won't escape this time. My avatar erases all who see it!"
Akihito: "This guy's completely lost it!"
That voice must be whoever's controlling K. I can hear him, but I can't see him, and yet he sounds very close.
He could be behind that wall. Or if K really is a castle wall, there might be space inside for its connectors.
K's Connector: "K, erase them! Erase! Erase!"
K's Connector: "None of you will leave here alive......kill everyone...every last one of them. Don't let them escape......!"
The malice couldn't be more clear. He seems intent on hunting down and erasing anyone who happens to see his avatar.
Akihito: "......crap, do you think he really is insane?"
Mayuki: "......probably. I wouldn't want to be friends with him."
Coμs are supposed to have five people. Are all five of them equally insane? Or is the crazy one overpowering the others?
Either way, it's bad news.
K's Connector: "Erase! Erase! Erase! K, do it, quickly......!!"
More tentacles appear from all over K's body.
K's body is made out of them. Countless writhing tentacles were twisted together like coils of rope to make that enormous wall.
Thus, K can indefinitely create more tentacles simply by unraveling parts of its body.
It's probably a Burroughs.
K's Connector: "Erase! Quickly! Hurry up and erase theeeem!!"
Countless tentacles assault us. Mayuki's black shield takes all the blows.
Akihito: "Dammit! Each one is easy to block, but there's too damn many!"
Mayuki: "They're not easy at all! Not when there's only two of us!"
Akihito: "Anyway, this clearly isn't good."
I force a wry smile. I pretend we're not about to die.
Mayuki: "This is no laughing matter!Kya!"
The multiplying tentacles come down on us like hail. They'll grind us into paste eventually.
K's Connector: "Stay away! Stay awaaaaaaaay......!"
The attacks continue as he shouts something incomprehensible.
We know we have to end this quickly, but Babylon isn't quick or nimble enough to make that happen.
K probably has all its members. It's far stronger than us right now. There's not a lot we can do.
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-san......! If this keeps up......"
Akihito: "I know! I'll think of something, just hang on a bit longer!"
Mayuki: "Uu............!"
The voice controlling K is already losing coherence. They're probably not sane enough to go easy on us for any reason, but they don't seem to have any method of attack besides these tentacles.
So K is probably a close-range avatar.
As long as we stay this far away, they can't do anything else to us.
K's Connector: "Die, die, die! K, hurry up and kill them! Hurry up! Hurry up!"
Akihito: "He's lost it."
Mayuki: "Yes, but he's still in control of that thing!"
Akihito: "What the hell's wrong with the rest of his coμ......?"
The stalkers and Reclus' coμ are trembling in fear behind us.
Reclus' coμ hasn't summoned their avatar. They're probably too scared.
―――We're the only ones who can fight this thing.
Just one hit. If we can land just one blow, that'll give us a chance to escape.
Mayuki: "Forget about their mental health! Focus on their avatar!"
Akihito: "―――Okay, let's do this!"
Mayuki and I tell our avatar to counterattack.
====================真雪19 Kとの戦い.json====================
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――
K's groans are low and heavy. Several of its tentacles quiver, reminding me of an anemone.
Reclus: "Dammit, dammit......that thing......!"
Reclus' Friends: "Don't think about it! Just run!"
Mayuki: "☆Ra-san, Kasuka-san, please run away!"
☆Ra: "Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaan!"
Kasuka: "I can't......I can't......"
Babylon stands tall, shielding the six humans as they run away.
Akihito: "Mayuki, just a bit longer. We're gonna use Babylon's fire."
Mayuki: "Understood!"
The black gravity bullet released from Babylon's mouth has enough force to destroy a small building.
Babylon has to keep its shield up to protect the humans, so it takes time to charge its pitch-black fire.
If we shoot now, we won't have enough energy for a second shot.
Akihito: "――――Babylon, set!"
Ten points cut through the world. Black flames swirl in the dragon's mouth.
The pitch-black dragon's fourteen eyes stare down the towering K.
We can't miss at this distance, and K's body is enormous.
No matter how tough K is, it's physically impossible to defend against Babylon's fire.
So this one shot has to work―――
Akihito: "――――Let's do this!"
Mayuki: "Yes! Just gotta time it right......"
☆Ra: "Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
Kasuka: "Fuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaann!!"
Screams behind us.
A few tentacles weaved through the trees and slipped past Babylon. Now they're attacking the stalkers running away behind us.
Akihito: "―――Dammit!"
Babylon swings its tail.
The black tail tears apart multiple tentacles. The others pick up the severed pieces, ensuring no evidence remains.
Akihito: "Are you okay!?"
☆Ra: "I-I wanna go hooooome!"
Kasuka: "Daddy, Mommy, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"
Babylon is knocked back by the impact, but it somersaults before it lands.
During that moment, more tentacles attack us.
Akihito: "――――Crap."
Babylon's fire dissipates. As expected, there's not enough magic left to try again.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, they're all around us......!"
The tentacles extend, extend, extend. Before I know it, they've completely encircled us.
The red-black wires twist together, as if trying to ensnare Babylon inside its walls.
Akihito: "Look out! Mayuki, twelve o' clock!"
Mayuki: "Kyaaa!!"
A whip made out of five, ten......more tentacles than I can count.
The little magic we have left isn't enough to deal with that. A single blow isn't much, but dozens upon dozens will break us.
Akihito: "......can we still hold it!?"
Mayuki: "S-still no fatal damage yet―――!"
We lost our chance when we tried to help the stalkers. We can't even run away now, so we have to focus on defense. K's attacks will break through before long.
K's Connector: "No one ever leaves K's walls......no one......!"
Babylon bites through the tentacles wrapped around it, but there's no end to them.
K's Connector: "Erase! Erase! Kill!"
Akihito: ".........at least notice we attacked you!"
Everything he says is an expression of malice. He's a monster we can't even comprehend, much less communicate with.
―――What should we do?
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
At this point we have to try something else. I can only hope some untrustworthy being up in the clouds chooses to help us make this work.
Akihito: "Mayuki, scream!"
Mayuki: "Wh-why do that?"
Akihito: "Just do it! We'll be dead otherwise!"
Mayuki: "Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!! Help meeeeeee! Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
We're far away from the city center, and there aren't many houses here. We aren't trying to get anyone's attention.
I'm focusing on something else.
I push most of Babylon's control duties over to Mayuki, so I can focus on its senses.
I'm much more used to this now, so I can at least understand this information, even if I'm not as fast as Benio.
―――Okay, I can do this!
Babylon throws rubble at the nearest house.
Sorry, whoever lives there.
I used Babylon's senses to check for empty houses, so that shouldn't have hurt anyone.
Mayuki: "Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!! 
What the hell are we doing!?"
I make Babylon destroy another nearby house. Since the tentacles won't let us get close, I have it throw things again.
Some people living in the area assume it's a natural disaster and start running away frantically.
Akihito: "Everyone, start running in random directions! Run! Ruuuuuuun! Mayuki, you too!"
Mayuki: "Eh? Eh!? Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"
Mayuki's slow on her feet, so I pick her up again. I order Babylon to stand its ground and use the last of its energy on the shield, keeping K at bay.
☆Ra: "Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Nooooooooooooooo!!"
Kasuka: "I've had enouuuuuugh!!"
Reclus: "W-we've gotta get out of here......!"
Mayuki: "What the hell was all that about, Akihito-san!?"
Akihito: "Those guys are obsessed with covering their tracks, so――"
A big commotion like this is a massive problem for them.
They don't want anyone to see their avatar, but they don't want to let a single one of these people escape.
K's Connector: "D-dammit! Y-you're not getting away!"
K panics and splits apart. The walls dissolve into countless tentacles and attack everyone.
One of them approaches Kasuka's back.
Akihito: "Look out!!"
Kasuka: "Eh? Hiee!!?"
I kick the stalker to one side with all my might.
Kasuka: "Gya!!"
She screams, but the tentacle flies past her.
Akihito: "You alive!?"
Kasuka: "Uuuu, that hurt......!"
Akihito: "Good!"
Akihito: "―――Mayuki, let's go!"
Mayuki: "Y-yes!!"
K's literally come apart now. Its walls are brittle.
I make Babylon charge forward with its remaining power before it can bring those tentacles back in.
K's Connector: "Wha――!?"
It collides with the walls, causing them to crumble, then tears into them with its claws and fangs.
It's looking for the connectors who should be hiding somewhere inside K's walls.
K's Connector: "Come back! All of you, come back to K!!"
The tentacles fly back toward the wall like string being wound up.
The connectors are trying to retrieve every last piece of their avatar.
Once they get back, Babylon can't do much damage anymore.
A gate light appears in front of Babylon's face, and the wall's silhouette flickers.
Before we can react, the enormous avatar called K vanishes like a mirage.
Akihito: "It got away......"
No, I should feel lucky that we managed to scare them away with only two of us.
If that fight had lasted any longer, we would've run out of magic in no time.
Akihito: "That......went pretty well."
Mayuki: "Hau......hau......I don't want to do this anymore......"
K's connectors are nowhere to be seen either.
Not that we're in any position to chase after them.
Akihito: "Haa, haa, haa......I'm exhausted......"
Mayuki: "Hau......me too......
wait!!"
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-san! You're bleeding all over the place!!"
It looks like a piece of K cut through my side like shrapnel. After I notice it, the pain finally hits me.
====================真雪19-20 破壊の音.json====================
We have to do something desperate now.
We concentrate Babylon's shield energy directly ahead, preparing to charge through the tentacles and into K.
Akihito: "Mayuki, focus the shield on Babylon."
Mayuki: "Eh? But then it won't protect us."
Akihito: "It'll grind us down eventually. We have to try attacking!"
Mayuki: "Okay! Let's see......ready!"
☆Ra: "Kasuka-chan, are you okay!? Speak to me!!"
Kasuka: "It...hurts......what the......"
Akihito: "Hang on just a bit longer!"
I yell back as we wait for the right timing. We don't have many opportunities.
Some tentacles are attacking Babylon's arms and head now that the shield isn't protecting them.
We wait for a brief lull in the assault.
They don't know how quickly Babylon can move yet.
We're a bit limited since there's only two of us, but if we accelerate Babylon to top speed, no matter how tough K is, it should take some damage from a body slam.
Mayuki: "I'm not sure......how much longer I can do this!"
Akihito: "Just a bit more! We have to make this attack work!"
We swing both arms, wiping out tentacles on both sides. I squint through my sweat, checking how the others are moving. Eventually, I see a perfect opening.
Akihito: "There! That's our chance!"
Mayuki: "All right! Here goes............!"
Babylon rushes forward. K's attacks bounce off the shield.
That's when we realize this was a bad idea.
Akihito: "Uu......i-it's so heavy............!"
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-san, this isn't fast enough......"
Akihito: "Dammit! Is there nothing we can......!?"
Babylon doesn't move as fast as I hoped.
Because we defeated Jack the Ripper and leveled up, Babylon is harder to control than before.
It's been so peaceful lately that we haven't summoned the avatar much, so I never noticed how hard it was now......
With only the two of us, Babylon can't even move a third of its maximum speed. This plan is a complete failure.
Akihito: "It's too late to bring it back now! We've gotta keep going!"
Mayuki: "T-the tentacles are coming toward us! 
Kyaaa!"
K's tentacles stream through the forest.
☆Ra: "Kyaaaaaaaaa! Nooooooooo!"
Kasuka: "Help me......!"
The screams behind us distract me.
Babylon can't react in time. A bundle of K's tentacles knocks it aside.
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-san, wh-what do we do now......!?"
I wasn't expecting this, so my train of thought derails. Our avatar's movements get even worse. This is terrible.
Babylon took the full force of that blow. Part of its neck is missing. It can't even get back on its feet.
And then――The merciless whips groan before falling upon us.
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-san! The shield can't......!! Kyaaaaaaa!"
Akihito: "Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa......!!!"
In a darkness that smells of blood, I hear the sound of my own body breaking apart.
====================真雪20 真雪とのH01.json====================
I stagger.
Burning pain runs through the gap between my bones. Mayuki rushes to my side and supports me.
Mayuki: "Are you okay!?"
Akihito: "......it really hurts, but it won't kill me."
I grit my back teeth from the pain.
The two stalkers flail their arms around as they gaze at us.
I make eye contact with Mayuki.
Akihito: （What should we do?）
Mayuki: （Don't ask me......）
Letting them see this could become a massive pain in the ass later. How can we explain it to make it go away?
As I think, the frilly one runs over.
The one I kicked earlier staggers to her feet before following.
☆Ra: "Y-......Yuki-san, lolicon man!!"
Akihito: "I'm not a lolicon......!"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, don't talk in your condition."
☆Ra: "We were so wrong about you! We can't believe you did that!"
Kasuka: "I-I can't express how that felt......it was just amazing!!"
Akihito: "........................huh?"
Their eyes are sparkling.
I think this means―――
For the first time, they're experiencing an emotion I can understand. They look like children gazing up at the costumed actor in a hero show.
☆Ra: "Y-you're amazing! You're a real hero! What was that!? Did you summon that dragon!? That was a dragon, right!? Haaaaaaaan!"
Kasuka: "Y-you're a wizard......! And your dragon is so cool and dark......! I-I had no idea you were so powerful......!!"
Akihito: "Umm, that was just......"
☆Ra: "We were wrong about you! You and Yuki-san are hardcore, Lolicon-nii-san!!"
☆Ra: "All this time you were a hero of justice defeating wicked monsters with your dragon!!"
Kasuka: "You were just pretending to be a demon to fool them! I can't believe I didn't see that! You're the real demon hunter!"
Akihito: "None of us hunt any demons......ow, ow."
Mayuki: "We never pretended to be demons either."
......that hurts in multiple ways.
But thankfully I don't have to worry about them shouting any more.
Reclus: "A-are you okay......?"
Reclus' group still hasn't fully recovered.
Akihito: "Yeah, I'm fine......for now."
I'm not fine at all, but there's no point in making him worry.
Akihito: "Anyway, you guys should focus on getting out of here without letting those connectors track you."
Whoever was controlling K was clearly nuts. He was obsessed with "erasing" all who saw his avatar.
But how did they know we'd be here? Were they watching us because we were looking for Herm? Or did they follow Reclus or one of his friends?
Reclus: "Thank you......we couldn't move an inch. Herm's body just flashed before my eyes......"
Reclus: "Wait......we need to get you to a hospital......!"
Akihito: "I won't die from this, so don't worry. Mayuki, could you tell those balbaloi about Herm-san for me?"
Mayuki: "Ah, right......okay, I'll break it to them."
☆Ra: "N-no......it can't be......Herm-san......!"
Now they know Herm-san is dead, slain by none other than the monster we just escaped.
Mayuki explains as much as she can to them.
She tries to soften the blow, but it's still heavy.
☆Ra: "Uwaaaaaaaaaaan! Herm-san, how could this happen!? It wasn't your time............!"
Kasuka: "Uuu......it can't be......dammit, hic...uuu......Herm-san......"
Mayuki: "............"
They're bawling. I feel a strange awe from the fact that even these people can cry.
Akihito: "Hey, could you keep what happened here a secret?"
☆Ra: "Yes, Hero-sama! I won't tell a soul! Even if demons torture me, I won't give in!"
Kasuka: "I would rather die than reveal your secrets. I swear on this amulet......!"
They've changed their attitude so thoroughly. I'm not sure whether to smile or to sigh.
Akihito: "Don't even mention that any of us came out here. If anyone hears about this, it might get back to that monster, and he'll kill you next time for sure."
☆Ra & Kasuka: ""Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!""
They're clearly the type to gossip like crazy, so I add an extra threat just to be sure.
Akihito: "I'd like to lay some flowers on Herm-san's grave, but......"
Mayuki: "Right now, we need to get away and get you some medical help, Akihito-san."
K might come back at any moment, and everyone's still freaking out from the damage I did earlier.
Reclus: "Thank you very much. We owe you so much."
☆Ra: "Hero-sama......!"
Kasuka: "I have met a legend......!"
Now, let's go home. I need to visit an unlicensed doctor like Hanako-sensei, but after that, I just want to sleep.
Eventually we'll have to do something about K, but my mind and body are too tired for that now.
A few days later――
My wounds were deeper than I thought. I'm still recuperating in my bed. 
In this situation, I need to avoid hospitals. They'll keep me locked in one place, and K could reappear at any moment.
As for my injuries......
Hanako: （You really shouldn't be walking with that.）
Hana-sensei was impressed.And when I made it home......
Kagome: （Idiots are harmful to the environment. Maybe I should stop your breathing right here.）
Kagome scolded me.
Akihito: "Owowow! That hurt."
Mayuki: "Are you okay? I have to disinfect this, so please put up with the stinging."
Akihito: "Yes, I know. Owowow."
Mayuki started visiting me a lot to help with my recovery.
She stops by every day on the way home from school.
Mayuki: "I'm still glad you're okay......"
Mayuki's short arms caress my back.
Akihito: "I'm still bedridden though."
Mayuki: "......that's the second time you saved me, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "You've been doing a lot too."
Mayuki: "That's just because............"
An oddly ticklish silence.
Mayuki: "A-anyway, Hinaori-san's really late today."
Akihito: "She's searching for information on K."
Mayuki: "......what do you plan on doing about that?"
She sounds worried, not disapproving. Perhaps because I might get hurt even more next time.
Akihito: "It mostly depends on them, but......they're insane, and hell-bent on erasing everyone who's seen them."
I should probably assume the worst.
Akihito: "Mayuki, what about your job?"
Mayuki: "I still have some time off. No one even knows about Herm's death yet."
We want to keep that a secret for now.
When the situation with Acceptor does change, there's a chance that information on Reclus and his friends will come out.
Fortunately, the stalkers seem to have taken what I said to heart. There's no sign that they told anyone.
Everything that happened that day has been completely covered up.
Akihito: "So the Acceptor threads haven't changed much?"
Mayuki: "I don't really check them anymore."
Akihito: "............"
Mayuki: "............"
I find Mayuki easy to talk to, but after spending this much time together every day, we're starting to run out of topics.
Akihito: "U-ummm......then maybe we should check it."
Mayuki: "Ah, ah, good idea! Let's do that."
I haven't gone online for a while since I got hurt. Sitting up would be painful, so Mayuki turns on the computer for me.
――It's changed dramatically."Yuki-san's so cool! Yuki-san's material is definitely canon~~~!!""Don't be fooled. You can see the truth. Yuki-san is the only one worthy of creating Acceptor......!""The era of Yuki-san has come! Her stuff feels so much richer.""I was always a fan of Yuki-san, but I couldn't post here for ages because of all the haters. I'm glad that's finally over now.""I'm on Yuki-san's side too. I've got nothing against Amakuni-san, but Yuki-san's world is nice and gentle, which I like."
There's an incredible swell of support for Mayuki.
Akihito: "What the hell......?"
Mayuki: "Do you even have to ask who started this?"
It goes without saying the stalkers and their friends are behind this.
Also, they're spreading rumors about "Yuki-san" being a girl who's dating a much older guy.
Akihito: "Aaaah, that's embarrassing."
Mayuki: "Huhuhu, what's the problem? You should have more experience ignoring silly things on the internet, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "I'm better at ignoring trolls."
Mayuki: "Huhu!"
Calm days pass by.
There's been no sign of K, and nothing's happened on the Coμnet. It's nice having days like this.
Mayuki: "It's quiet."
Akihito: "Well, Kagome will be here in the evening."
Mayuki: "............Akihito-san, did you ever feel the urge to kill the protagonist in a romcom manga?"
Akihito: "Why do you ask?"
She looks like she might do something to me.
These days Mayuki often takes her glasses off, even in my room.
Mayuki: "......Akihito-san, Hinaori-san is just your childhood friend, right?"
Akihito: "She was, but I moved away years ago, so it's not like we've known each other our whole lives."
Mayuki: "Umm......is she......from the Hinaori family I've heard of?"
Akihito: "You've heard of them? Well, yes, they are a bit famous."
The Hinaoris are fairly well-known in Takakura, since they used to be big landowners that had a lot of power in this area. Kagome's their only daughter.
Akihito: "A long time ago, they had a huge house on a hill, and I snuck in there. I hear they sold the place after the incident five years ago."
Mayuki: "......Was it close to "ground zero?""
Akihito: ""Ground zero?" ......What do you mean?"
Mayuki: "It's just east of those ruins on the hill......all of the locals call it that."
Akihito: "I'm not sure. That's a big area, so I'll have to check it out later."
Mayuki goes quiet. She's thinking hard.
Mayuki: "I will say it. Umm......I don't know the details, but the Hinaori's mansion was close to "ground zero," and......"
Akihito: "What? Don't tell me......"
Mayuki: "Lots of people died there in the attacks five years ago......"
Akihito: "――――"
Five years ago. When it happened, I called Kagome several times.
She never answered. The number no longer connected. The infrastructure needed to create that connection was gone.
Mayuki: "We don't know for sure! That might not be the same house you snuck into, Akihito-san!"
Mayuki tries hard to soften the blow. I put a hand on her head.
Akihito: "I'm fine. I'm a bit surprised to hear that, but that's all."
Kagome never said anything, except that she moved.
In which case, I should leave it at that. She might tell me the truth someday.
Akihito: "Anyway, I hope nothing's happened to Reclus and his friends."
I forcibly change the subject.
Mayuki: "You haven't heard from them?"
Akihito: "I gave them my e-mail, so I think we'd know if something did happen."
K's coμ hasn't made a move.
They were eccentric, obsessed. They probably can't be reasoned with, and their actions aren't logical, so it's hard to predict what they'll do.
Maybe they simply don't know who Reclus and his friends are, so they have to just sit and wait for another convenient opportunity.
Mayuki: "You're almost healed now. This skin is really smooth now."
Mayuki starts tickling my scabs.
Akihito: "S-stop, that itches."
They've finally closed up enough that I don't need bandages anymore. The raw tissue is still pink and sensitive, and it hurts to move too much.
Mayuki: "I'll scratch it for you. Come on, take your shirt off."
Akihito: "Stop it. That's embarrassing."
Mayuki: "Come on now, you know you want it."
She makes me take off my shirt. Mayuki runs her slender fingers along my torso.
Mayuki: "Huhuhuhu, so where does it itch, Master?"
She chooses some strangely erotic words.
Mayuki: "......you look turned on. Lolicon."
Akihito: "Uu......"
Mayuki: "Still......it's weird how suddenly those stalkers became my loudest supporters."
Akihito: "They're interesting. They can be a massive pain when they convince themselves of something ridiculous, but they're good people at heart."
Mayuki: "......the rumors about us getting it on are definitely coming from them."
Akihito: "They probably think we really are an item. They don't sound like they're just trying to make us get together."
Come to think of it, when we first met them I lied and said we were living together. They must still think that's true.
Mayuki: "............hey, Akihito-san?"
Mayuki brushes her hair aside and presses her cheek against my chest. We've been spending a lot of time together since I got hurt.
I feel a lot closer to her now, but not this close.
Akihito: "Hey......Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, why don't we get together......?"
Mayuki's on top of me, slowly moving up to where my eyes are. The sensation of a soft girl's body rubbing against me shakes my emotions.
Akihito: "Mayu......Mayu?"
Her small hand slides down my thigh. Her breath is warm and moist on my chest.
Akihito: "H-hey."
Mayuki: "You......don't want to?"
Akihito: "It's not that I don't......"
I do like Mayuki. I definitely feel something toward her.
I always thought she was interesting, but lately I've been growing to like this little liar a lot more.
Mayuki: "............"
She looks up at me.
My chest gradually gets hotter.
It's a strange feeling. I don't think it's quite ordinary love.
I want to protect this little girl.
I'm not a lolicon, really.............I think.
Mayuki: "Are you ready to give up yet, Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "What do you mean give up?"
Mayuki: "Everyone keeps calling you a lolicon......and you keep denying it."
The words catch a little in her throat, as if she's embarrassed.
Akihito: "......that was mostly you."
Her small body sits on top of me. It really is small.
Would it really be safe to do this to her?
A vaguely defined, unwritten rule is the last thing holding me back.
Mayuki: "Then I'll make you a real lolicon, Akihito-san......"
Akihito: "Hey now......"
She leans in closer, still on top of me.
Akihito: "......don't just do this for the fun of it."
I can't resist very much.
Mayuki: "Are you scolding me?"
Akihito: "I'm just saying it because I'm the older one here."
Mayuki: "That doesn't matter."
Akihito: "It does......normally."
Mayuki: "Does this have to be normal?"
The sweet smell of her body is young, but still feminine.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san......do you care that much about being normal? Do you care more about society than yourself, the way my parents do......?"
Akihito: "Mayuki......?"
She buries her face in my shoulder, her confession quivering slightly as she breathes.
Mayuki: "I hate being normal. There's nothing good about trying to be normal."
Mayuki: "But everyone hates you if you're different, so you have to pretend to be normal, and you can't do anything you really want......"
Mayuki: "I don't want to be normal......all that does is tie me down."
Mayuki's small fingers wander along my skin. I touch them with my own fingers.
She's bold enough to press herself against me, but her hands are hesitant. I fearlessly curl my fingers around hers.
A lover's handhold. Mayuki's hands are a lot smaller than mine. They feel so fragile they might break if I'm not careful.
Mayuki: "It all just turns into money, reputation, honor, nothing else......my parents had all of that, but they still got divorced......"
Akihito: "......are you lonely without them?"
I stroke her bright hair. It feels nice letting my fingers flow through it.
Mayuki: "I'm not......lonely......"
Her words fade away.
I'm sure she was lonely. Anyone would feel that way if their parents stopped paying attention to them, then up and left one day.
Being with someone. Understanding someone.Those are still fairy tales.
Friends, lovers, spouses―――They can never truly understand each other.There will always be something one can't explain to the other, just like when we tried to reason with those stalkers.
Friendship. Love. Trust.Faint illusions based on the dream of mutual understanding. Shining dreams that might vanish at any moment like a glass castle.
But so what―――?We need those illusions.
We can't stand living alone.
We reach for the sky we can never touch.We search for someone we'll never understand.
Akihito: "You're not normal at all, Mayuki. You're a professional idol, and when you take those glasses off you're......well......"
Mayuki: "Well...what......?"
Akihito: "Well, umm......you're......really cute......"
Mayuki: "..................lolicon."
Mayuki's cheeks turn red, and her breath is very close to me.
Akihito: "............you just said you'd make me one."
Mayuki: "Even being an idol feels "normal" in the end."
Mayuki: "She's pretty and shiny on the outside, but like everything else, she's just a calculated attempt to capture as many people's hearts as possible."
Mayuki: "Those things cling to me wherever I go. Some are just more obvious than others."
She looks really mature.
She says these things are sad just because they can be found anywhere.
Akihito: "I see......I guess that's true."
Mayuki: "―――That's why I was so happy."
Mayuki: "When Girl A appeared......I was really shocked, and had no idea what it was, but I was sure......she'd take me somewhere different."
Girl A did invite us to the edge of the world.But......
Mayuki: "But............"
But even if we cross that border, and jump off the edge of the world, we'll just end up in another gentle kingdom.
Akihito: "Yeah, the Coμnet isn't that different."
Akihito: "They have their own politics and squabbles. There are good guys and bad guys. There's no evil overlord or anything for us to defeat."
Akihito: "No matter where you go, you'll always have to deal with social norms and politics."
Nothing is truly abnormal. It's all just different extensions of what we already knew was normal.
Mayuki: "I could've done just fine in that room."
Mayuki: "Reading manga, watching anime, browsing the net, writing Acceptor, having silly conversations with anons I get along with......that was all I wanted."
Mayuki: "But I have to be an idol and a connector too......"
Akihito: "A lot of people would envy you for that."
Mayuki: "I'm sure they would. Anyone looking at my life from the outside would feel jealous......"
Mayuki: "But if they actually tried it......they'd see how boring it is."
Akihito: "Being an idol?"
Mayuki: "There probably are people who'd actually enjoy being an idol, but I'm not one of them."
Akihito: "You looked like you were having fun when you sang your heart out on stage the other day."
I remember what she was like on stage. A dazzling idol under the spotlight as the audience cheered her on.
Now she's so much smaller, and in my arms.
Mayuki: "......was...I......?"
Mayuki: "I really didn't want to do anything but stay in my room forever."
Mayuki: "But Mom and Dad split up......"
Akihito: "Wait, you mean the place you're in now is......?"
Mayuki: "That was my room back when they were still around. I'd been there so long I couldn't bring myself to leave it......"
Mayuki: "But if the police ever came I'm sure they'd try to take me somewhere else......"
That's why she was so adamant about not getting the cops involved.
It was her cradle. She didn't like the room, so much as she wanted to cling to the last remnants of a time when she was happy. Even after becoming an idol, she never left that room.
That room in a gentle world with her gentle parents.
Has Mayuki ever truly left it?
Akihito: "......I see."
Her mask of arrogance and her habit of mocking people are nowhere to be seen. The Mayuki lying on top of me is laid bare, small and weak.
Mayuki: "Yes.If I'd just stayed put in that room......
nnu!?"
I kiss her, as if stealing something away. I suck her lips like small petals, and gently stick my tongue in. The inside of her mouth is hot, and has a soft unripe taste.
Mayuki: "Mm......huu......uu!"
Mayuki: "Ah......wh-what d-d-did you just do, you lolicon!?"
Akihito: "You wanted me to."
Mayuki: "Y-yes, I did, but......"
I wrap my arms around her light body and pull her close.
Mayuki: "Hau......!"
Akihito: "You don't like it when I do that?"
Mayuki: "I......do......kind of......"
I embrace the delicate, fragile, childlike body on top of me.
A small heat races in my chest. It's different from the black impulse I sometimes feel. This is a fainter, gentler heat, slowly spreading out.
I want to protect her. This girl who hides her jaded face behind several lies.
Mayuki: "......auu."
She writhes against me.
Mayuki: "Umm, the way......you're touching......my butt......is really pervy."
Akihito: "Is that bad?"
Mayuki: "I keep saying......it's not bad......"
Akihito: "You wouldn't get to do this if you stayed in that room forever."
Mayuki: "............I never really thought much about getting a boyfriend......"
Mayuki: "The boys at my school were all violent pigs, and the adults......never cared about me at all."
Everyone cares about themselves the most.
The first ending in your own little world is when you learn that the real world couldn't care less about you.
Like the day I met the killer from the edge of the world.
Mayuki: "Ah......!"
I knead Mayuki's butt like a fresh fruit. Her shoulders shake.
Mayuki: "Auu......hau, y-you really are serious......"
Akihito: "Weren't you serious, Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "............don't say it like that. You can be so mean, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "I have been called a clown, but......"
I don't think anyone's called me "mean" before.
Akihito: "So, were you?"
Mayuki: "......yes......I was............"
Akihito: "Then I guess I should become a lolicon."
Mayuki: "......no, still not that."
Mayuki: "Umm......in a few years I'll try to have a really big growth spurt, so it'd be bad if you stopped liking me after that."
Akihito: "Okay, a temporary lolicon."
Mayuki: "That works."
Mayuki: "Akihito-san......nn......!"
I bring Mayuki's face closer and touch her lips to mine. Mayuki pecks my lips repeatedly like a chick.
Looking back on it, lots of weird things have happened between us. I think about them as Mayuki continues her ferocious kisses.
Mayuki: "Nn......! Nn......! Hau, nn, Akihito...san......! Nnn......! *kiss* Nn......!"
We've been mixed up in trouble after trouble, and she's always leading me around somewhere.
In retrospect, it was all a lot of fun.
Mayuki: "Huu, nn......u, nn......! *kiss* *kiss* Nnhu......hau......auu, nn......nnn......!"
I hold her tighter, and respond to her kisses.
Akihito: "Mayuki......"
Mayuki: "Hau, nn! Nnn......! Nn, *kiss* *kiss* Mm......! Mmmuu......"
Mayuki gasps as she kisses me. I move my face back.
Mayuki: "Mm......! Mm......mma............"
Akihito: "Mayuki, you sure?"
I look into her wet eyes. Her usual confident face is gone. Now she's innocent and shaking with unease.
Mayuki nods, putting a hand to her quivering chest.
Mayuki: "Yes......Akihito-san, please do everything to me."
Akihito: "All right, I will."
Mayuki: "Eh? Kya, waa......!"
I lift up her light body and change positions. My wounds hurt a little, but my desire to touch Mayuki overpowers that.
We lie down on the bed.
I take off her jacket, and then her shirt.
Mayuki shivers just once as I do that.
Her skin is exposed, and her hair is down.
I'm used to seeing her face without glasses, but she looks very different with her hair down.
She has the beginnings of a womanly charm. For some reason, that shakes me.
Akihito: "I'm really gonna do this."
Mayuki: "Umm......yes, please do......whatever you want, Akihito-san......"
Akihito: "O-okay."
Her honest answer makes me feel embarrassed.
Mayuki's body is small and delicate. I feel like I'm doing something wrong.
Mayuki: "Hau......nn! Nn......"
Her chest rises and falls with her shallow breath. I put my hand on the area covered by her underwear. Mayuki's body tightens up in reaction to the unfamiliar stimulus.
Akihito: "Relax. I won't do anything rough."
Mayuki: "Y-yes, I...understand that......but, mm......! Aau......Akihito-san......nn......"
Her shallow chest fits easily in my hand.
Her skin there is unbelievably smooth. They're still new and small, so I can feel the bones underneath.
I move my hand, gently caressing that area. My fingers catch on a hard tip.
Mayuki: "Nnu, nn............! Aha......! Huuuuuuu......nn......nn......"
I move all over her chest, as if rubbing cream on it. There isn't enough volume there to really squeeze anything.
Mayuki: "Aau......Akihito-san, you're smiling......"
Akihito: "I was just thinking about how small they are."
Mayuki: "Don't say that out loud......! They're going to get bigger......"
Akihito: "Does fondling them really make them get bigger?"
I push her flesh toward the middle and try pinching a bit of it.
Mayuki: "Nn! Uu......!"
Akihito: "......did that hurt?"
Mayuki: "Just a little......umm, go back to......what you were doing before."
Akihito: "......uwa, wow......"
I open up my hands again and caress her chest, trying not to press too hard.
Her skin is so soft, I'm worried I won't ever want to stop.
Akihito: "So I shouldn't try to pinch them."
Mayuki: "Hau, nhu......nn......! A-at least say "squeeze"......or something......nnnu......!"
Akihito: "I will when they're big enough to squeeze."
I rub them with my fingers with caution, only very slightly changing their shape.
Mayuki: "They'll get bigger......soon......hu! Nn......so you won't have to wait long......nnhu, nn......"
She says cute things.
These small breasts have their own unique elasticity to them, so they're not bad.
If I say that out loud she'll think I really am a lolicon, so I keep it to myself. 
Mayuki: "Huu, huuu......nnhu, hau......hau, nn, nnhaa......ah............Akihito-san, your hands are warm......"
Akihito: "Your body is much warmer."
Mayuki: "I guess......so......my mind's just blank......"
I'm not doing much of anything, so she's probably not feeling that good, but rather can't believe this is really happening.
I shift my focus to the elegant protrusions sticking up through her childish bra.
Mayuki: "Ah......! Nnu! Ha, ah......!"
The moment I gently pinch them, her body lurches as if an electric shock ran through it.
Akihito: "You're really sensitive here."
Mayuki: "You're...mean......haa, haa......Akihito-san......nn......huunn............nnn! Ha, aaa, nn......!"
I rub two fingers around her nipple.
Maybe she's more sensitive because they're so small, and the nerves are more concentrated.
Mayuki: "Nnhu......! Aau, hau, uuuu......don't, nn! pinch them, please......ii! Nn......uuu."
I continue caressing her nipples while moving my other hand down to her hips. She doesn't have much meat on her bones here either, so I can clearly feel her pelvis.
Mayuki: "Haaaa......ah, uuu, nn......! Nnuu......the way you're doing that feels weird......"
I run my hand along her inner thigh, and Mayuki's body tenses up.
I rub all over her body, as if trying to loosen up tense shoulders.
Mayuki: "Uuu......hau, nnnu......nnu......hauuu......ha, ah, ah......aau."
I alternate between touching gently and firmly, trying to help Mayuki ease up.
The fear in her eyes gradually changes to ecstasy.
Mayuki: "Haa, haa......ahuu......Akihito......san......"
Akihito: "Feeling calmer?"
Mayuki: "Hahi......mm......I'm fine."
I smile to keep her at ease, as I move my hand slowly from her thigh to her crotch.
Mayuki tenses up again when she realizes where I'm going. She makes eye contact with me, heaves a sigh and relaxes.
Mayuki: "Nn......mmm! Ha......hiu! Mmm......!"
I arrive.
I put my index finger along her crevice. Some liquid leaks out and makes my finger moist.
Mayuki: "Nnwa......ah, haaaaaa......ah, uuu......nn......! Haa, haa, haaaaa............"
I push on her clit as I slide my finger up and down. I follow the crevice, rubbing against the bare labia. Fluid continues to ooze out from inside her.
Mayuki: "Nn......nnn......! Ah............hinnn! Ahu......huaaaaa......"
I raise my finger slightly. A thread of viscous liquid connects me to her crotch.
Mayuki bites her lower lip and closes her eyes, like a child trying not to get blown over by the wind.
Mayuki: "Huun! Nn, nnn! Nn......uhu, nn......! Ah, auuuuuuuuuunnn......! Ha, ahuaaa......"
I bend my finger, pushing Mayuki's underwear inside her.
Liquid comes out and wraps around my finger. I move my fingertip in a circle, as if to wipe it back on her clit.
Mayuki: "Y-yaaa......not, not there......a-anywhere b-but there......A-Akihito-sannn! Ah, haaa......!"
I repeat that a few times, and the part of her underwear covering her clit gets soaked.
This time I pinch her most sensitive part with two fingers.
Mayuki: "Fuwaaaaaaa......!!"
Mayuki cries out as tears form in her eyes.
Akihito: "Are you okay? Was that too much......?"
Mayuki: "Aha......ah......ha......ha, haa......m-my body just jumped......m-my head went blank......!"
Sounds like she had a small climax.
That might have been her first one ever.
Akihito: "Should we take a break?"
Mayuki: "Haa, haa, haaaaaaa......j-just for a bit......"
Akihito: "Okay."
I rub softer, and move my dry hand up to Mayuki's cheek.
Her flush, pink cheeks are very cute. I can feel my blood flowing down to my crotch.
Mayuki: "Uwa......A-Akihito-san...you're......!"
The tip of my expanded member is now sticking up into Mayuki's crotch.
Akihito: "Well, umm......I'm not a lolicon, okay?"
Mayuki: "Wh-why are you saying that now......? When you're pressing this hard thing against me......"
Mayuki's really cute as she can't decide how to react to this.
Akihito: "Listen, I'm only going to say this once."
Mayuki: "Hue? ......what is it, Akihito-san......?"
Akihito: "I'm not interested in little girls in general. I'm only interested in you, Mayuki. Therefore I'm not a lolicon. Q.E.D."
Mayuki: "Ah........................"
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-san............"
I regret saying that now. That was so embarrassing.
Mayuki: "Hu, huhuhuhu!"
She's laughing!
Akihito: "Y-you......laughed!?"
Mayuki: "Of course, hihihi, anyone would......ahahaha, I mean, come on, huhuhuhu! Akihito-san, ahahaha!"
No doubt this is what people are referring to when they call someone a little devil.
I grit my teeth at this injustice and swear never to say any sweet nothings to her in the future.
Mayuki: "Ahahaha, huhu, hu......uuuu......! Huhuhuhu!"
Akihito: "Stop it already!"
Mayuki: "Huhuhu......haaaa......! That was so funny, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "I won't forgive you for that. I'm going all the way no matter how much you cry and scream!"
Mayuki: "Yes, please do......take everything I have......"
Akihito: "............you can be so......"
Frustrating. Unfair. Irritating. Cute.
I think about which to say, then stop caring.
My thing remains rock hard even after all this. Mayuki's also wet and warm down there.
So there's no question about what to do next.
Akihito: "Mayuki, I'm taking this off."
Mayuki: "Eh? Wa......not so fast, fuwawa......!"
I tear off Mayuki's cute bra. Then I lift up her delicate hips with one hand while pulling down her wet panties with the other.
Mayuki: "Hawa......ah, uuuunnn......"
Her crevice is exposed, and Mayuki puts her thighs together, embarrassed.
As she once said, she doesn't have much hair down there yet. That produces a strange, terrible feeling in my chest.
Mayuki: "D-don't strip me so suddenly......I feel cold and exposed now......it's embarrassing......"
Akihito: "Well, all this fluid is probably why you're cold."
Mayuki: "Aaah, d-don't talk about that......"
I get back at her a little.
I'm satisfied, so I start getting ready to actually do this.
Akihito: "That's a good thing. I can't get it in if you're not wet."
Mayuki: "Uuuu......"
I touch Mayuki's crevice directly.
It's so tightly closed, there may not be any room for me to get in.
Fluid continues oozing out of that vertical line.
I carefully push my fingers farther in.
Mayuki: "Ha......! Ah......! Uua, ah......your fingers...are......hua, aaaa............!"
Akihito: "Tell me if it hurts. I don't know how gentle I need to be yet."
Mayuki: "Uwa, ah......haaa............!"
My fingers invade Mayuki's insides, which tighten around them.
This really is tight. Can I actually get myself inside?
Mayuki: "Ah, aaa......! Nnu, nn............! Huu, huu, uuuuu......"
I slowly, carefully move my fingers forward. Mayuki's upper body twists and writhes with every millimeter.
Akihito: "Are you sure this is okay?"
Mayuki: "Hahu......hahu......nnu! D-......didn't I just say I want you to go all the way? ......ah......!"
Akihito: "Sorry. I guess I'll keep going......"
I change our positions again.
Mayuki: "L-like this......? This is really embarrassing though......"
Akihito: "It's going to hurt if I can't get you to open up."
Mayuki's lying on the bed with a cushion under her butt so her hips are raised up.
I bring my face close to Mayuki's crotch as she squirms. The thick, lewd odor stimulates my male parts.
Mayuki: "Uaa......aaaaa, n-not that......close......"
Akihito: "It's too tight for my fingers, so I have to do it this way."
I stick out my tongue and lick up her twitching crevice.
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-san, don't lick that......it's filthy............nnnnn!"
Mayuki tries to push my head away with both hands. I ignore it, grab her hips and bury my face in her wet crotch.
Mayuki: "Ah, ah......! Iiu, nn......! Huuuu, nnu, nnn............! A-Akihito...sannn......!"
I pry open her flesh as it tries to close and tense up. I stick my tongue into her hot, soft insides.
I reach out my tongue as far as possible, hoping to stretch out her insides enough to handle my penis later.
Mayuki: "Haaaaa......! Auu, nn......! Your, haa, haa, tongue......hunnn! It's slipping in......!"
An erotic fact. I'm getting a bit excited from this.
Mayuki: "Ah, auu......! D-don't twist around s-s-so much in......there......nnnnn! Aha, ah......!"
Her undeveloped genitalia are smooth and pretty, with relatively few layers and bumps.
Her reactions are good too. I hear the clitoris is always really sensitive at first, but Mayuki's insides are too.
Mayuki: "Nn! Nnnnn! Ah, auu......haa, haaaaaa......haa, haa, haa......ah! Uu, nnn......!"
I move my tongue around her entrance. The fluids coming out of her get all over my face.
Mayuki: "Haa, A-Akihito-sannn......! Akihito-san......! Ha, aaah, auuu......! Nn! Nnn......!"
Mayuki reacts to my tongue's movements by twisting her hips.
She's not doing it on purpose. Her basic instincts are making her move this way.
Mayuki: "Huuu, nn......! Uhuuu......! Nn, ha, aaaaa......nn......hiu! Nn......haaaaa............"
I take my tongue out, and the frothing liquid that built up inside pours out.
Mayuki: "Ah......ahu, nn............"
Akihito: "Mayuki......do you think you're ready yet?"
Her chest heaves up and down as her eyes shake with concern.
Mayuki: "I-I don't know......but it doesn't matter. Akihito-san, please......do it......"
Akihito: "That's true, you don't have any way of knowing. In that case......"
Akihito: "Mayuki, I'm going to prop you up a bit higher."
Mayuki: "Hau......? M-more than this......?"
Akihito: "I'm trying to make sure it'll hurt as little as possible."
I've heard raising the woman's hips helps the penis and vagina line up better and reduces the pain.
Mayuki: "Uuu......this is extremely embarrassing, so please......don't look at me too much......"
Akihito: "I'll try."
Mayuki: "It's embarrassing to wait too, so please do it quickly......"
Akihito: "Do it quickly? Are you serious......?"
She's kinda killing the mood too.
Mayuki: "Nnu......!"
Akihito: "Try to relax as much as possible, or it'll hurt more."
I use my hand to guide my penis toward Mayuki's crevice.
Mayuki: "Y-yes."
Akihito: "Let's go."
Mayuki: "Nn............"
After Mayuki nods dubiously, I move my hips forward. 
Mayuki: "Higuu......!!"
Mayuki recoils from the pain. I apologize to her in my mind, and try to get the rest of the way in as quickly as possible.
Mayuki: "Ha, ah......! Auu......nn............!"
Mayuki's insides are so tight I almost wonder if her vagina actually connects to anything.
Mayuki: "Nnha......aaah......! I-it's tear――......nnuuu......!!"
I can feel myself gradually prying open a route.
Mayuki's so tight that I feel the sensation of being crushed instead of any pleasure.
Mayuki: "Huu, huu, huu......nn......! Uha......ah............haa, haaaa......ah, auu......uuu......!"
I finish the last few centimeters, reaching all the way inside Mayuki.
Akihito: "Mayuki......I'm all the way in."
Mayuki: "Ah......hau......haa, haa, haa......Akihito-san......haa, haa......ah......"
Mayuki: "Hau......! Inside, it's......really tingling......ha......! Huu, huu, huuuuuuuu......"
Sweat is starting to appear on Mayuki's body, as if someone sprayed water on her. A little blood is trickling painfully out of her widened crevice.
Mayuki: "Haa, haaa......Akihito-san, you're throbbing......ah......wow, it really......does do that......"
Mayuki was probably tensing up unconsciously since she's never done this before.
Now that I'm all the way in, she starts to loosen up. I'm no longer in pain, and I might be able to move properly now.
Akihito: "Are you okay? I am inside, but it might still hurt if I move it. Should we stop here?"
Mayuki: "Ahu......i-it does still hurt, so that might not be a bad idea......"
Mayuki tries to pick herself up, but she can't move very well from this position. I grab her hands to help her.
Mayuki: "But the first time is......very important for a girl......so I'd like to finish......"
Mayuki smiles weakly.
I squeeze her hand in response.
It's as if I can sense Mayuki's feelings through it.
That's just an illusion. Love, trust, even blood can't overcome the complete isolation between different people.
We're all alone, never truly connected.
But so what―――?
That fairy tale is precious to us, for just this moment.
Akihito: "Okay, I did say I'd go all the way."
Mayuki: "Yes."
Akihito: "If it really hurts and you need me to stop, slap me, claw me, or whatever. Men can be monsters, so I might not listen if you do any less."
Mayuki: "Yes, Akihito-san......I will if it comes to that......"
Akihito: "Okay, now......"
Mayuki: "Nnuu......!"
A slight movement of my hips makes her wince with pain.
I move slowly, as if handling a glass sculpture.
Mayuki: "Aha......ah! Uhua......it's moving......inside me......nn......! Iii! Mmm......!"
Her soft insides continue producing fluid, as if trying to ease the pain of the abrasion.
The lubricant helps me force my way in and out of that tight place. Pleasure runs up my back with a numbing sensation.
Mayuki: "Ah, haa......! A-Akihito-saaan......! Nn......!"
Akihito: "Mayuki......you're really...tight......but this feels good......"
Mayuki: "Haa, haa......g-good......! I'm glad......that you're enjoying this, Akihito-san......ha......! Ahu......"
I move in long strokes from the entrance to deep inside, moving in and out of Mayuki several times.
Mayuki's small body is shaken around. An indecent joy enhances the pleasure.
I can't move very much, but I feel guilty about how good this is.
Is there anything I can do to ease Mayuki's pain? Can I make it so she feels this pleasure too?
Mayuki: "Hua, ah......! Auu, nn......! K-keep moving......this is fine......Akihito...sannn......!"
Akihito: "No, I'm not going to hurt you that much even if it feels good for me. I'm no animal."
Mayuki: "Ahua......ahu, penetrating an innocent girl like me......already makes you an animal......aannn!"
You're not supposed to say that.
Akihito: "If you can still talk that much, I guess you're fine after all."
Mayuki: "Hiuuunnn......! Nnha, ah......! I-I am fine......nnn! Ha, ah, hiin! Haaaa......!"
It'll take at least ten more cycles......no, thirty more before I can really......
I continue enduring the pleasure, even though my mind is blank and I can't count properly.
Mayuki: "Ha......huuun! Nn! Hiu! Huaaaa......ah, ah, ah......hau, nnu......!!"
Her deflowering blood and vaginal fluids mix together, soaking her crotch.
Mayuki simply refuses to admit it hurts. I can't stand how adorable that is.
Akihito: "Mayuki......"
Mayuki: "Huu, huu......Akihito......san......!"
Each time I push through her membranes and reach deep inside, my head is filled with Mayuki.
I can't believe I'm so engrossed in this little girl.
Akihito: "Mayuki......!"
Mayuki: "Nnaaa......! Ah, hua, aaaaa......! Huunnn......nn, nnuuu, ah, ah, ah......haaaa......!"
Akihito: "Mayuki!"
I get the urge to shout her name, and don't resist. I can't hold back anymore.
I keep inserting myself deep into Mayuki, making loud watery noises.
Mayuki: "Ah! Ah! Haaaaaaa......! Huuuu! Akihito-san, you're......haa! Ah, aaaaaaa......!"
I thrust my hips like an animal. Our emotions are connected through our hands.
Mayuki: "Ah, ah, ah......! A-Akihito......san! I-I...hua......aaaaah......!"
Akihito: "Mayuki, Mayuki......!"
I immerse myself in Mayuki's unripe genitalia and keep moving until the moment of climax.
Mayuki: "A-Akihito-san, Akihito-san......!"
Akihito: "Mayuki......I'm close......!"
Mayuki: "Ha, ah, ah......auu, nn......hiaaaaaaaa!"
My mind goes blank, as if it's grinding to a halt.
I want to cum inside her. I want to fill her tight insides with thick white fluid.
At the very last moment, I grit my teeth, suppress that desire and pull out.
Mayuki: "Ah, ah, ah......! Hiu......nn! Ah............huaaaaaaaaaa............!!"
My whole body pulls back along with my hips, as if I pushed her away. My thing leaps up as her vaginal fluids scatter.
Akihito: "Uu......!"
Mayuki: "Aaah......ah......uaa............!!!!"
My thing is wet with her blood and fluids. It leaps several times, spurting out white liquid. Mayuki's sweaty skin is covered with my lewd semen.
Akihito: "Haa......haa......haa......!"
Mayuki: "Hua, ah............ah............auuu......nn, nn............nn..................!"
My body quivers as I spurt out the rest. An intense sense of release then overpowers me, and I collapse next to Mayuki.
Akihito: "Haa......haa......haa............Mayuki......"
Mayuki: "Aha, ha......haa! Haa! Ah............nnu, nn......Akihito...san............haa, haa, haa, haa......"
Mayuki's chest moves up and down irregularly as she breathes roughly. I gently rub her with my hand.
I feel Mayuki's heartbeat as she slowly calms down, and enjoy my own sweet fatigue.
We put our clothes back on and clean up. It took an hour in total.
Mayuki and I sit down together.
We're oddly close together. We're both embarrassed, so we talk while evading eye contact.
Mayuki: "............we really did do it."
Akihito: "Yeah......just like everyone said."
Mayuki: "You can't escape the shame of the lolicon now, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "I told you I'm not into that."
Mayuki: "Could you really tell anyone else what you told me earlier......?"
Don't remind me of that. That was a stupid thought. Just thinking about it makes me want to go curl up in a hole.
Akihito: "Of course not, idiot."
Mayuki: "Then you can't escape it."
Akihito: "Aaah......I guess so."
Mayuki: "So prepare yourself."
Akihito: "Haa......"
Mayuki: "I might've been a bit too pushy. You have so many other girls around, I was getting worried."
She says something too quietly for me to hear.
Akihito: "What? What was that?"
Mayuki: "We'll keep this a secret for now, right?"
Akihito: "Yeah, this probably isn't good for you either."
Mayuki: "It would cause trouble at work."
Akihito: "I'd be in trouble too......"
I lean against her, and Mayuki quickly kisses my cheek.
Mayuki: "Do you regret it?"
Akihito: "I might be lying if I said no......"
I'm not referring to having sex with her.
Akihito: "How exactly did I fall for a girl like you?"
Mayuki: "Huhuhu, it's a mystery."
Akihito: "You said it."
Thinking about the future raises all sorts of uncomfortable questions, but for some reason I'm smiling right now.
A simple happiness like this can be kinda nice.
====================真雪21 あなたは何を望みますか.json====================
The plaza in front of the station. Mayuki and I meet up there after school.
When I arrive, I see her waving at me from a bench.
Akihito: "I'm here."
Mayuki: "Yes, I've been waiting a long time."
Mayuki immediately grabs my arm.
Akihito: "What?"
Mayuki: "We're walking around town as a couple, so we have to at least hold hands."
We do? That's mandatory?
Akihito: "......but isn't it bad if people find out......?"
Mayuki: "I'm not in that outfit, so it's fine."
Her arms lock around mine. I have no choice.
Mayuki: "Now, let's go."
Akihito: "Oh well."
We walk around together. Killing time aimlessly with Mayuki isn't so bad.
Mayuki: "What do other people think we are when they see us?"
At best siblings, but that's hard to say.
Akihito: "More importantly......"
I casually change the subject.
Akihito: "Those two idiots really are keeping their promise."
The stalkers are still silent about everything that happened that day. 
Thus, Herm is still a missing person as far as the Acceptor wiki and the media companies are concerned.
Mayuki: "They were never stalking us out of malice. They honestly meant everything they were saying. Of course, it's always possible they'll spill the beans if they get worked up."
Akihito: "Well, considering what they've been doing......"
The changes to the Acceptor wiki――
The stalkers are now supporting Mayuki with a fierce intensity, using their surprisingly vast web of connections.
As a result, the opinions expressed in the Acceptor threads have reversed. Everyone's pro-Mayuki and anti-Amakuni.
Mayuki can post publicly again, and the discussions are as lively as they used to be.
Mayuki: "I'm glad everyone can relax and post normally again. Though I do feel a bit sorry for Amakuni-san."
Akihito: "He earned it. I'm still impressed the stalkers never actually accused Amakuni of orchestrating all that Yuki bashing."
Reclus did mention licensing rights a few times, so he'd probably realized Amakuni was behind this. 
Mayuki: "No one wants to start another fight. Everyone just wanted to have nice, friendly chats there."
Mayuki: "They didn't want to see any more conflict in these threads than I did."
Sometimes the world works better when we let things go instead of settling them properly.
Akihito: "But......well, I guess it's fine."
Mayuki: "Yes."
Herm probably wouldn't want any more flaming either.
Bringing peace back to these threads is enough of a reward for my injuries.
Akihito: "Now we just have to deal with K."
Mayuki: "That's right."
In the end, Reclus and his friends were right to cut ties and go into hiding.
K's coμ is pathologically obsessed with erasing all traces of their activity.
If they hadn't gone into hiding, K probably would've found and killed them a long time ago.
Akihito: "But why are they so obsessed with erasing evidence?"
Mayuki: "They sounded pretty crazy, so it could be just about anything."
Akihito: "I wish we could narrow it down more."
Mayuki: "There may be legitimate reasons for not wanting any witnesses. Their avatar might have some critical weakness."
K's coμ is bizarre, but they have near-perfect unity and a powerful avatar. I'd prefer to avoid fighting them.
But we have to deal with them before they kill more people like Herm.
Mayuki: "Something wrong?"
Akihito: "No, it's nothing."
Mayuki and I walk together. I naturally walk faster, but her small arm starts tugging on me, so I slow down and let her catch up.
The two of us walk neither fast nor slow.
Her light, warm body. It gives me a slight comfort.
I want to protect her, but for some reason, I feel like I'm being protected.
The complete isolation between two people. A ravine no one can reach across. Everyone exchanges illusions of mutual understanding.
Through words, through touching, through strength, through weakness, and through gentle lies.
Those tiny illusions feel very precious right now.
But――
This is a gentle kingdom. It's so gentle, it allows anything to happen.
You can hide away in your room and become a little god, ruling that small space.
So......
Since there's no gentle king here, only power can be the cornerstone of real peace.
Akihito: "――We have to finish this."
Or else I might lose what I hold dear a second time.
I've started visiting Mayuki's room a lot lately.
Kagome's usually at my place, so we can't really relax there.
Mayuki: "I should get a new monitor soon. These dead pixels in the bottom right are really bothering me."
Akihito: "Hm? What? These white dots?"
Mayuki: "There's always a chance of getting these on LCD screens, so you have to buy these in the store rather than ordering online."
Akihito: "I don't think I'd care much about that little dot."
Mayuki: "I've heard that using a screen with dead pixels for too many hours can create stress due to the prolonged irritation."
Mayuki: "Some people even say it gives them headaches or stiff shoulders. It must be some kind of subliminal effect."
Akihito: "Hmm, I guess seeing it in the corner of my eye all day would get annoying eventually."
Mayuki: "Yes, except I'm lying."
Akihito: "Again?"
I'm used to being teased now. I sigh on purpose and lean against the wall.
Mayuki ignores my quip and moves her mouse around. Suddenly, she stops.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, I think it's happening."
Akihito: "What is?"
Mayuki: "See for yourself."
Mayuki gets out of her seat, so I can sit down.
Mayuki: "There."
Mayuki sits down in my lap.
Akihito: "......this is pretty cramped."
Mayuki: "You don't like this?"
She sticks out her tongue.
Akihito: "......I wasn't expecting you to be this cuddly."
Mayuki: "Only around you, Akihito-san. No one else. So don't worry about it."
Akihito: "Y-you......"
She's really good at manipulating men's hearts. She'll be a witch someday. No question.
I wrap my arms around her from behind and squeeze her.
Akihito: "It's kinda like having a stuffed animal."
Mayuki: "Umyu."
I look at the monitor as I enjoy the soft warmth on my lap.
Her browser is showing one of the familiar Acceptor threads. It's always been a very active site, but the post count is even higher than usual today.
Mayuki moves the scroll wheel to show me some of the previous posts. There's a long, formal post that stands out from everyone else's brief, random comments.
From experience, I know that this usually means a new guy made a needlessly long post, or someone's trying to troll the regulars. But this seems different."Good day. I represent the media division of Shindai Enterprises............"
That's the first line of it.
Judging from some of the random comments, he wants to make contact with Mayuki. He used a lot of nice words, but his intent is clear.
Because no one appears to be in charge of the thread right now, he's decided to negotiate with Mayuki.
Akihito: "So this guy wants to license a commercial version of Acceptor."
Mayuki: "Yeah. He's probably hoping everyone will accept me as their representative if he contacts me in public like this."
Akihito: "You seem to get scouted a lot. So I assume he's hoping to simply buy all rights to Acceptor through you?"
Mayuki: "Netizens love jumping on careless remarks and potential scandals, so they'd explode if I just sold out completely."
Mayuki: "He probably knows he can't persuade everyone to accept any particular deal, so he's manipulating them into accepting a representative so that he has only one person to convince."
It's a clever tactic. If he'd chosen Amakuni, it probably would've worked.
Mayuki: "Aaah......this is a problem though."
Akihito: "Yeah......since he asked for you, it's hard to just let Amakuni handle this."
That company probably doesn't know that Mayuki has no interest in getting famous, much less that she already has a day job as an idol.
They could've learned a lot by just e-mailing her, but they chose to put a large, conspicuous post in the middle of the threads. They're clearly trying to get the community excited.
And they are very, very excited.
Mayuki: "The flaming before was pretty bad, but this is troubling in a whole new way......"
Akihito: "They're going nuts."
In a way, that post was a huge success. The other posters are all wishing Mayuki luck or rejoicing over Acceptor getting a major debut.
Many of them are already assuming a deal will happen, and are discussing other details.
Like what voice actresses each character should have, or which stories would have to be included in the anime.
Mayuki: "Ah, it's Amakuni-san......"
Akihito: "Uwaaa......"
Amakuni's trying to resist the flow all by himself.
At first he says going mainstream will ruin it, and asks if it's okay to let the media take away what we've created, but of course, everyone ignores him.
We scroll down through the logs.
As it goes on he starts losing his cool, and resorts to flaming Mayuki's work.
Then the Amakuni bashing begins in earnest.
Akihito: "Not much we can do about this."
Mayuki: "We could try to defend him, but......it'd probably just make things worse."
The guys who were on Amakuni's side before have no loyalty, and are siding with the new majority now. Mayuki and Amakuni have switched places now.
Akihito: "So we're back to this again? I know Amakuni kind of deserved that, but no one deserves this much flaming."
Mayuki: "Especially after all the times they did it to me."
Unless they're absolutely rotten to the core, I don't like seeing someone get their name dragged through the mud like this.
Most of the flamers aren't even that angry. They're just going with the flow and throwing in a few mean jokes. You could call it mob mentality.
Once a spark is produced, the fire will burn until it runs out of fuel. The fires of the internet can't be put out. 
Akihito: "Could you try e-mailing this industry guy and tell him you don't want to be part of this?"
Mayuki: "They probably wouldn't give up that easily."
Akihito: "I know, but......"
Mayuki: "Of course I'll tell him I don't want to, but I think we need to plan out what happens next."
Mayuki: "Personally......I think these threads and mainstream media are completely different things, so I'd rather the companies do whatever they want and none of us claim rights to anything."
Akihito: "Herm could've made that work, but without him around......"
Mayuki: "I could take his place temporarily, but no one would want us to make such a huge decision while he's still missing."
Akihito: "Too bad he's never coming back......"
If we could publicly announce Herm's death, then Mayuki could potentially take his place.
Then they'd be able to make a decision on whether to give Amakuni the rights or abandon rights entirely, and everyone would be happy with that.
But we're still worried about what might happen to Reclus and his friends.
K's coμ might learn something about them if we tell everyone what we know about Herm.
Since people's lives are at stake, we have to play this very carefully.
Akihito: "......I'll contact Reclus-san again, and see if he'll agree to announcing Herm's death."
Akihito: "I'm sure Herm would want everyone to mourn him properly, instead of just being forgotten about."
Mayuki: "......Reclus-san won't like that though."
Akihito: "I'll try talking to him. Maybe we can give the company some proof of his death without revealing their names."
Online, every piece of information needs a source.
If we want to prove Herm died, we're going to need Reclus-san's help, since he was one of his only friends.
But we don't want their information publicized, so we should try to convince the company directly, and let them announce it publicly. Everyone will believe it if it they announce it officially.
Mayuki: "I see......so we'll ask them to do that in exchange for negotiating the rights."
Akihito: "We'll just give them those conditions and the information we have. I'm sure they can figure out how to announce it without revealing too much."
Mayuki: "If I posted it myself, everyone would ask for a source, but no one would expect a company to fabricate someone's death just to make a licensing deal happen."
Akihito: "Unless there are some weird conspiracy theorists in that thread."
Mayuki: "I might have to tell ☆Ra-san and Kasuka-san not to do anything stupid."
Akihito: "Definitely."
I quickly text Reclus and explain the situation.
Text: Reclus: "I understand."
Text: Reclus: "We can't really keep Herm's death a secret forever."
After a few more texts, Reclus-san and his friend agree to my proposal.
We've been avoiding the subject of Herm ever since K's attack.
We were afraid of attracting K's attention, but they agree that we need to deal with this.
Herm's family was told he died in an accident.
That's his official fate.
We send the media company an email, telling them the following.
Mayuki has no desire to make any sort of public debut.Herm, the original author, has passed away.
Herm's friends wish to remain anonymous.
We can arrange a meeting with them. In exchange, we want you to announce Herm's death publicly.
If you can do that for us, Yuki will be willing to represent everyone in the thread and negotiate the rights to Acceptor.
Mayuki: "I wonder what'll happen next."
Akihito: "For now, we just have to wait."
As one might expect, the company reacts quickly.
Just a few days later......"Mr. Herm―author of the free visual novel "Acceptor N"―passed away some time ago."
The company released that statement, with a picture of flowers on Herm's grave. The news raced through the internet.
Herm's death was referred to as an accident. The fact that an avatar murdered him remains a secret, but I'm sure he'd understand.
319: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX (Wed)I can't believe he was dead......I hope he finds peace in the afterlife
320: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX (Wed)I pray his soul finds peace
321: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX (Wed)Herm-san, your stories were amazing. Rest in peace......
322: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX (Wed)Uwaaan! Herm-saaaan......!
323: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX (Wed)Tell us it's not true, Herm-san......
324: Transforming Anonymous-san: 20XX/XX/XX (Wed)Our hearts go out to him. We'll never forget about you, Herm-san.
The thread is filled with mourning.Goodbye. Rest in peace. We won't forget you. It's such a shame. I'm so sad. Tell us it's not true.
Some of the posts are directed at Herm, though he'll never be able to read them.
Everyone's sad to hear of his death. His game is still incomplete, and it'll never be updated again.
Even if someone else completes Acceptor N, it won't be the same story Herm would've written.
Herm's story has been lost forever now.
The posts continue endlessly.
Mayuki posted too, as "Yuki," of course. Amakuni did too. No one insults or accuses anyone else.
I find a few posts that look like the stalkers, and some others that might be Reclus or his friends.
Everyone but Yuki and Amakuni is anonymous here. I can't tell just how true that really is.
Nameless masses connected via the electronic sea, mourning the death of someone whose name and face they never knew.
A few days pass.
In the Acceptor threads, as well as related threads and the wiki, the funeral mood pervades everything.
No one uploads any new stories.
Then one post changed that trend."Herm always liked doing fun things. Back when I emailed him about possible logo designs――"
The post was from someone who submitted an Acceptor logo design a while ago.
He reflects on the past, recalling his memories of a dialogue with Herm. It's not from Herm, but it's a story about him.
His little story spreads like a wave. Someone else starts telling their story, then someone else, then someone else.
No one's controlling it, but the community naturally ends up talking about the source of Acceptor, and they start getting new ideas.
The threads start getting back to their old selves. The ashes of lament give birth to new stories from new posters, blooming and spreading out their branches."In that case, the first problem we need to solve is――"
Some anonymous person remembers.
There's a company that wants to license Acceptor.
A few people say it's disrespectful to bring that up so soon after Herm's death was announced, but most of the thread agrees that they can't ignore the issue any longer.
Akihito: "Think now's a good time, Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "Yes. I have to do something or this will never end."
Mayuki and I have been watching everything up to this point.
The company promised to wait patiently until the community finished mourning.
Everyone wants something to happen now, so we can't let this drag out much longer.
A licensing deal would be the perfect event to get things moving again.
Akihito: "We did promise that guy we'd do it eventually. Even Reclus-san said he wants everyone to experience this story."
Mayuki: "It's kinda......tense."
Normally she posts all the time without hesitation, but now Mayuki has trouble typing each word.
I stroke her hair, trying to help her relax.
Akihito: "It's okay. Everyone trusts you."
Mayuki: "I know. I just need to talk to everyone. We're all fans of this story."
Mayuki starts typing again. Her fingers seem timid at first, but they gradually start moving more smoothly.
Yuki: "Personally, I don't want to be famous or anything. How do all of you feel about Acceptor getting licensed?"
Yuki: "To be completely honest, the media company asked me to gather all of your opinions."
Yuki: "But before doing that, I should tell you my opinion first."
Yuki: "I want Acceptor to be licensed."
Yuki: "As long as "Herm" is the one credited as its main author."
Yuki: "And we gather up all the text and images we have on the wiki and everywhere else, so we can submit them all to the company――"
Yuki: "Then leave all of the actual production to the professionals."
Yuki: "I feel mainstream media and these threads are different places. I'll be happy as long as I can keep sharing my ideas here with all of you."
Yuki: "So what do all of you want for Acceptor? Please tell me your honest thoughts."
Yuki: "What should be the future of the story Herm-san left us?"
Mayuki rereads her long post several times, then looks up at me with wet eyes.
We nod, and she clicks the submit button.
====================真雪22 さらなる一歩.json====================
What do we want to see happen next――The question was put to a vote on the wiki.
The choices were just agreeing and disagreeing with Mayuki's opinion.
If too many people disagree, the plan is to have another vote with a much broader range of choices."Where do you want to see Herm-san's work go in the future?"
Mayuki's message was released into the electronic sea, and transmitted to people she's never seen. The words of strangers come back like echoes.
The voting was meant to last five days, but they stop after two.
The result was already obvious by then.
More than 90% of the votes were for "agree" when they stopped.
As always, there were a few fake votes, since it all relied on ID numbers.
But that was nowhere near enough to change the outcome.
Even the people who voted against it posted their opinions, and it turned out most of them agreed with the general idea, and were okay with letting it happen if everyone else was in favor of it.
Akihito: "I'm glad they all understood."
Mayuki: "Yes, me too."
The official author remains "Herm."
All the data on the wiki gets sent to the company, including all of Herm's work, and we ask them to treat it with as much respect as they can.
Then we leave all of the adaptation to the professionals.
But we did ask them to change the title a bit, to help keep the mainstream and the doujin versions clearly separate.
We think it'll be Acceptor Z or Acceptor Spirit or something.
The threads will continue on like they always have.
Acceptor will keep getting produced, just in two different forms.
These days, I usually head to Mayuki's place after school.
Mayuki: "......do you have work today?"
Akihito: "Gotta put food on the table. I'll be at Izalone in the evening."
Mayuki pouts, and moves closer to me.
Mayuki: "Rub, rub."
Akihito: "What is it?"
Mayuki: "......Akihito-san, you won't have to go to work if I pay for everything, right?"
I'm supposed to be the breadwinner.
Akihito: "That's kinda appealing, but I'm not sure I want to be that dependent on you......"
I feel like I'd be a failure somehow.
Mayuki: "......then I'll kiss you."
Mayuki: "I'll kiss you all over so that you won't do anything at work like cheating, cheating, or cheating."
Akihito: "*kiss*"
She kisses me right on the face. Mayuki has a habit of sticking out her tongue like a kitten when she does that.
Mayuki: "*kiss* *kiss*"
As we roll around on the floor, one of our cell phones rings.
Mayuki: "Oh, come on. I thought this only happened in TV and movies, but it's really common in real life too."
You said it.
Mayuki: "Ah, it's for work."
Mayuki: "Hello, this is Yuuna. Yes. Yes. Eh? Umm, right now......?"
Mayuki looks at me. She smiles mischievously, and her cheeks turn red for some reason.
Akihito: "?"
Mayuki: "I'm......with my boyfriend right now, uhuhu."
Akihito: "What did you......?"
What happened to keeping this a secret?
Mayuki: "Eeeh? Ahahaha, yes, that's right. Yes, quite recently......eheheheh."
Mayuki sounds happy. As I watch her talk, I stop caring about what problems this might cause.
They say romantic feelings are just chemicals in the brain. Right now I'm thoroughly intoxicated by them.
Akihito: "......"
Did they even believe her? ......will they be mad at me for laying hands on an idol?
Mayuki: "Eh? The vocals......?"
Mayuki: "Umm, eeeh......yes, can I take some time to think about this?"
I can hear a slightly disapproving voice coming through the phone.
Mayuki: "Sorry, I'll give my answer later today. Just please give me some time."
Mayuki hangs up.
Akihito: "......what? Did something bad happen?"
Mayuki: "I'm not sure how this happened, but......they're asking me to sing the Acceptor theme song."
Akihito: "The theme song!? They've already made an anime out of it? Isn't that kind of fast?"
Mayuki: "Apparently they'd already planned out most of the logistics with other companies before getting the rights from us."
Mayuki: "But I had no idea they were this far along......"
Companies can be scary sometimes.
Did they even consider what would happen if the negotiations went south?
Akihito: "So what will you do?"
Mayuki: "Hmmm......I'm really not sure. It's not that I don't want to, but......"
Akihito: "You've been avoiding it all this time......"
Just as the question about who gets rights to Acceptor is settled, suddenly Mayuki gets asked to sing the theme song. She's quite busy online and off.
Mayuki: "Not just that. It's like, umm......"
She sits between my legs. This has been her default position lately.
Akihito: "Are you worried?"
I stroke Mayuki's head as she writhes around. She makes a cute noise.
Mayuki: "Myuu......"
Akihito: "You're so affectionate when you're off the stage."
Mayuki: "You have an up-and-coming idol all to yourself. You should look happier."
I'm actually very happy. The idol all those fans are cheering on is right here in my arms. I feel a strange pride.
Akihito: "So, what are you thinking?"
Mayuki: "I'm still not sure......about doing idol work related to Acceptor......"
Akihito: "Why not give it a shot?"
Mayuki: "Eh? But......"
Akihito: "It's just one song, right? The big question's been settled already, so "Yuki" doesn't need to get involved at all."
Akihito: "Just try singing this theme song as Yuuna instead."
Akihito: "It can't be that bad to work on stuff you like as part of your day job, right?"
Akihito: "I'd like to hear you sing more too."
Mayuki: "Akihito-san............"
She thinks for a while, then nods.
Mayuki: ".........all right, I'll do it."
Mayuki: "Ah, but don't worry about me getting too popular. I won't spend that much time touring."
Akihito: "......why would I be worried about that?"
Mayuki smirks.
Mayuki: "You know, "I can't bear to be separated from you for so long!" You're supposed to say something like that."
Akihito: "Idiot. Just call the guy already."
And didn't you just stop me from going to work?
Mayuki: "Huhuhu, I know."
I've been involved with this long enough that I can understand how Mayuki feels now.
It's not bad to work on something as just another fan for once.
Since Mayuki loves Acceptor, I'm sure she'll do a great job singing its theme song.
Mayuki: "Hello, this is Yuuna. I'd like to accept that offer――――"
They start hammering out the details very quickly, as if the company once again planned a lot of things out before actually asking her.
The world is always dizzyingly fast.
The composer and lyric writer are quickly chosen, based on contracts between Mayuki's agent and the media companies.
And then――
They set up a live concert at which to announce the song, and plan out all the rehearsals she'll need to prepare for it.
====================真雪23 バルバロイたち.json====================
When peace lasts for this long, I start feeling nervous for no reason. Those are two sides of the same coin.
Humans can only understand the world through their own experiences. If they fear loss and misfortune, that's because they're fortunate now. If they resist change, it's because they're content with the status quo.
The eye of the storm always ends suddenly. If you don't work hard to maintain it, it'll vanish in no time.
Izawa: "You came all the way out here just to bother me? You make me sick."
Akihito: "......then take some medicine."
Akihito: "I heard you've been causing trouble lately, so I wanted to check on things."
South of the new heart. The two of us stand against the wall of a deserted tunnel.
Izawa: "What do you care about what I do with my time?"
Akihito: "I've answered that several times. If you screw up, we all go to heaven."
We're a team. Our lives were connected for no logical reason. We can't undo it, so we live and die as one.
Izawa: "I'm not going to die or screw up. I kill my enemies."
Akihito: "......I'd love to have some of that baseless confidence of yours."
Izawa: "I'll kill you and that snake someday too."
I put 5000 yen on her breaking his bones.
Akihito: "Anyway, the Coμnet's been quiet lately. Why don't you enjoy the peace for a while instead of trying to pick fights with everyone you see?"
Izawa: "―――I'd rather die than be fossilized under some debris."
Akihito: "......that sounded pretty serious."
Izawa: "Tsk."
He spits on the ground, annoyed.
Some people can't live if it's not peaceful, and some rust and ossify when there's nothing to fight.
Thus――There will always be friction between people, even if we're connected, and we speak the same language.
Other people are still completely isolated beings.
Akihito: "Well, I warned you. Try not to forget about it."
Izawa: "......"
I didn't expect a polite goodbye, but he makes a strange face instead.
Izawa: "......have you gotten soft, Mizuwa?"
Soft―――
Because I'm with Mayuki? Have I learned how to live peacefully instead of just rusting away?
Akihito: "I have no idea why you'd think that."
Izawa: "Hmph, if you say so. I couldn't care less about you anyway. I'll live my own life, and you yours."
When Izawa turns around and walks away, my phone rings. I open it, and the sender's name surprises me.
Text: Reclus: "I want to talk about something. Please call me."
There's a telephone number under that brief request.
We deliberately didn't exchange numbers before because we wanted to avoid anything that could link one of us to the other. So why now?
Akihito: "Hey, Izawa. Wait here for five minutes."
Izawa: "......what the hell? I have things to do, you know."
I call Reclus. After a few rings, I get worried.
Reclus: "Akihito-san, they're after you this time."
The first sentence feels like a body blow.
Akihito: "What the hell......?"
Reclus: "I stumbled across it online. Akihito-san, your......avatar......it's Babylon, right?"
Reclus: "A lot of people talk about it."
There are rumors about Babylon even on the regular internet, not just in the Coμnet.
Mostly because Izawa keeps flashing it around without considering the consequences.
Reclus: "Some people started calling those rumors "fabrications" across several different sites."
Akihito: "Fabrications? ......why only now?"
People have been talking about us for a long time. The Coμnet has been peaceful lately, so we haven't needed to do anything public in a while.
These days, we should just be one of the many miscellaneous rumors that the net is full of.
Reclus: "Exactly. Don't you think it's a bit strange? In fact, the people who saw Babylon are now gathering more evidence to try and prove them wrong."
Reclus: "We managed to find out the times most of those posts were made, and we're almost certain it's just three to five people doing this."
Akihito: "I see......thanks for the tip."
In other words――They're from K's coμ.
Reclus: "Please be careful. We'll throw out some fake information too."
Akihito: "Thank you. I'll keep an eye out. Same to you."
K must've taken more damage than I thought. Only now have they finally started taking action again.
Either they've completely lost track of Reclus, or they see us as a bigger threat.
Akihito: "......it's all your fault, Izawa."
Izawa: "The hell's your problem? Do you want to be pushed into the street and end up on tomorrow's front page!?"
When you get involved in the world, you always draw someone's attention. And that can be dangerous.
The only way to avoid it is to lock yourself away, never interacting with anyone.
It's hard to live alone, whether you want to or not. Whether they really have it out for you or not.
The usual footbridge. We have an emergency meeting.
Akihito: "Did Reclus-san call you too?"
The six of us mingle in the crowds. It's been a long time since we met out of necessity.
Mayuki: "Yes. That crazy coμ is really persistent."
Benio: "Uwa, what's going on!?"
Akihito: "Basically――"
I have told them about when K attacked us, but I go over the details again.
Benio: "......just hearing about that makes me feel sick."
Benio: "So those are the people who killed......the creator of Acceptor."
Benio puts a finger to her lips and thinks.
Mayuki: "That's right. The problem is, that crazy coμ is obsessed with wiping out everyone who knows about their avatar."
Haru: "Such dangerous things come out this time of year."
Everything feels less serious when Haru talks about it.
Izawa: "So let's go kill those crazy guys and get it over with."
Akihito: "We don't know where they are, stupid."
Akihito: "......besides, it's mostly your fault that people started talking about Babylon."
Izawa: "How long are you gonna hold that crap against me? You're the one who wanted to fight Jack, so what's the difference?"
Akihito: "Get over that already!"
Benio: "Uwa, they're stooping to each other's level......"
Mayuki: "Men can be so childish."
I'm getting a double stink eye attack.
Akihito: "Uuu......"
This is all Izawa's fault. I'll get back at him someday.
Kagome: "So what does Akihito the Lolicon intend to do about this?"
Akihito: "Don't call me that!"
I clear my throat before getting serious.
Akihito: "......those guys are very persistent, so if we leave them alone they'll probably dig up something on us eventually......"
A coμ of crazy people knows who we are. It doesn't get much more dangerous than this.
Kagome: "I looked into them before, but I couldn't determine who they were."
Even Kagome's resources haven't improved the situation this time.
The invincible witch can't quite do everything.
Maybe she ate too much cheesecake and isn't feeling well. I've heard she was doing something Round Table-related, so maybe that ate up all of her time.
Though it's also likely that she just didn't care enough.
Kagome: "I'll just have to look into them again, then cut them into little pieces and dump them in the bay. Simple and effective."
Akihito: "......any less aggressive ideas?""Mercy" isn't in the witch's dictionary.
Haru: "O-Haru-san doesn't like persistent guys either."
Benio: "But why are they so persistent?"
Akihito: "We only heard their voices, but they sounded pretty insane."
Benio: "How insane are we talking?"
Akihito: "They can't be reasoned with."
Benio: "You're sure?"
She looks like she's about to cry.
Justice is a product of language. If you can't reason with someone, "justice" has no meaning to them.
Benio: "I guess......some coμs are just like that."
A different kind of monster from Jack the Ripper. Perhaps a barbarian.
Mayuki: "Any chance we could get help from the Round Table?"
Akihito: "I already asked Nanase-san if she knew about any troubling coμs like that."
Akihito: "She said she's never heard of them, so the Round Table probably don't have any information to give us."
Izawa: "I'm not wagging my tail for those lowlifes anyway."
Akihito: "Can you really afford to be stubborn about this?"
If K's coμ can track down any of us, they'll probably find Izawa first.
Akihito: "You'll probably be the first one they――――"
☆Ra: "There they aaaaare!! It's Yuki-san and Hero-nii-san! Yuki-saaaaan, it's me, ☆Ra~~!!"
Kasuka: "Hunter-donooooo!"
Some very embarrassing voices disturb our thought.
All of us turn around to see the familiar stalker pair shouting behind us.
Akihito: "These two again......?"
Kagome: "What are those things?"
Mayuki: "Rare beasts."
Mayu-Mayu's pretty harsh.
☆Ra: "Yuki-saaaaan! We looked everywhere for you! Absolutely everywhere! All over the place!"
Kasuka: "Haa, haa......☆Ra......wait......"
They climb up the footbridge.
Mayuki and I take a few steps forward with tense smiles, putting the rest of our coμ behind us.
Akihito: "Sorry you came all the way out here, but we're kinda busy right now......"
☆Ra: "This is about that! Yuki-san, there are pictures of you online!!"
Mayuki: "Eh!?"
Kasuka: "Here it is. You're wearing different clothes and they got the name wrong, but nothing gets past me and ☆Ra――――!"
I look at Kasuka's cell phone. It's a picture of Yuuna.
☆Ra: "This is you, Yuki-san! We can tell! It was in an announcement for some live concert, so those demons are sure to attack that event!"
Kasuka: "A storyteller and a demon hunter――And a songstress too! Hu! ......someone up there really likes you."
Akihito: "Wow......good job noticing that......"
Even I didn't notice until she told me about it. These two connected Mayuki to Yuuna just from pictures on the internet.
Mayuki: "I guess that's impressive......"
It is, but not in a good way.
I never thought pictures of Yuuna would be enough to give Mayuki's secret away.
Yuuna's only a local idol, but she has been on TV, and in a few magazines. She has a lot of exposure.
If K's coμ know who Herm really was, there's a good chance they'll link Acceptor to Yuuna.
Haru: "Ummm, I'm not following this......"
Akihito: "Ah, well, this means......how to explain......"
☆Ra: "They'll definitely definitely definitely definitely attack you!"
Kasuka: "We're powerless to fulfill our duty......! We need your dragon to stop them!"
Benio: "Wait, they know about Babylon!?"
Akihito: "Aaah, about that......they were around when we fought K, so they saw us summon it......"
☆Ra: "Yuki-san, they're definitely going to find this!"
The balbaloi won't stop.
So much for keeping Mayuki's idol career a secret from the others.
Akihito: "Calm down already! We'll talk about that later!"
Kasuka: "There's no time! What are you afraid of? Those demons won't stand a chance against your dragon!"
Izawa: "......first we need to shut these two up."
Akihito: "W-wait a second......"
☆Ra: "Nogya!"
Kasuka: "Go!"
They cry out like cats being strangled.
Kagome's holding their heads with her iron claws.
Akihito: "K-......Kagome-san?"
I fear the tragedy that's about to occur. Death is written on the witch's back.
Kagome: "Akihito, when words fail, there's only two methods of communication left. Do you know what they are?"
Akihito: "Not really......"
Kagome: "Violence and fear."
You really should be the final boss in some anime.
Kagome: "We'll be back in ten minutes."
Akihito: "W-wait, Kagome............"
Mayuki: "H-Hinaori-san......"
Strangely enough, Kagome actually stops.
Kagome: "What is it, four-eyed frog?"
Mayuki: "Umm......please don't...be too mean......"
Kagome: "They'll live."
Apparently she can't guarantee anything else.
Kagome: "I'm just going to talk to them. I wouldn't have to go to all this trouble if you got rid of your witnesses, Akihito."
Kagome: "Be more careful in the future."
As my hand reaches out into thin air, Kagome drags the stalkers off into the distance.
Kagome returns exactly ten minutes later. The stalkers are both alive.
Akihito: "......d-do we really want to let them sit here as we talk about this?"
☆Ra and Kasuka are sitting seiza-style on the footbridge. Their backs are perfectly straight.
Kagome: "I've mentally castrated them, so they'll never be a problem again."
Akihito & Mayuki & Benio: """......"""
I swear to myself that I'll never pick a fight with Kagome no matter what happens.
Haru: "Anyway, O-Haru-san didn't understand any of what just happened."
Akihito: "We'll explain that "demon" stuff later. First, Mayuki, what should we do?"
Mayuki: "............should we just tell them?"
We look at each other.
Akihito: "Are you sure? After hiding it for this long?"
Mayuki: "It was going to come out eventually, and......I kinda don't mind anymore."
Mayuki squeezes my fingers with her hand, at an angle the others can't see.
Mayuki: "And this is an emergency, so it's the perfect time to reveal things."
Akihito: "True."
Benio: "............hmmm? Why are you two whispering to each other?"
Mayuki: "There's a long, complicated subplot behind that, but it's not relevant right now――"
Mayuki: "The truth is, I'm......"
The others have dubious looks on their faces as Mayuki starts explaining her secret.
Mayuki: "――――So I, Yuubana Mayuki, may look like an otaku girl, but I'm actually a connector, and an idol called Yuuna."
Silence.
Mayuki: "Let me show you."
She takes off her hat and glasses.
Mayuki holds out her phone, with the picture of Yuuna smiling. She makes the same face.
Very deep silence.
Benio: "Gyawa!"
Benio speaks for everyone.
Benio: "Eh? Eeeeeeeeeeeh!? So that means you're the one singing the Acceptor theme song, Mayuki-chan!?"
Mayuki: "Something like that."
Haru: "This is a surprise."
Haru is unfazed as usual.
Kagome: "What a busy frog. Are you trying to be the ugly duckling or something?"
Izawa: "Yuuna? ......are you serious?"
Akihito: "......I'm shocked you've heard of her. Are you secretly into all that cute idol stuff?"
Izawa: "............"
Izawa: "......Keiko has some of her CDs."
Akihito: "That was a strangely long pause......"
Akihito: "We'll worry about Izawa's tastes later. Right now, the fact that Mayuki's in danger is more important."
Izawa: "......my tastes don't have a damn thing to do with this."
Ignore.
Akihito: "Thank you both for the warning."
☆Ra: "......you're welcome."
Kasuka: "......you're welcome."
They respond like robots, still sitting seiza-style. It's scary.
Were they brainwashed or something? It probably wasn't ethical, but there's no point in telling Kagome that.
Akihito: "So we need to deal with K."
These two stalkers saw through her idol outfit. Considering how tenacious K's coμ is, it's very possible they'll reach the same conclusion.
Haru: "The city has a lot of hope for you, Yuuna-chan."
Mayuki: "......uwa, my feet feel tingly when you say that, O-Haru-san."
She quivers as if something's tickling her.
Akihito: "......for now, Mayuki will hide out at my place, since none of the people she works with know where I live."
Akihito: "We'll probably be safe during the day. Even if K tracks us down, they won't attack in broad daylight in the middle of town. There'd be far too many witnesses for them to wipe out."
These days people can email pictures to each other instantaneously with their cell phones. If you're paranoid about people seeing you, you have to be extremely cautious.
Benio: "Then we just have to fight them."
Akihito: "We still don't know who they are, so that won't be easy."
Izawa: "If they come after me, I'll crush them."
Izawa never changes.
The days pass. K doesn't make a move, but we can't track them down either.
On the other hand――Mayuki's concert is approaching. Yuuna the idol is very busy.
She's been working very hard to prepare for it, so she can't leave until late evening. Just to be safe, I always go pick her up.
We meet up just outside the office, walk around the area for a while to make sure no one's following us, then head to the station.
Akihito: "......people online can get really fired up at the strangest times."
This concert is meant to celebrate the commercialization of Acceptor.
It's still just a local event, but this is the biggest concert Mayuki's had so far.
And I'm told there will be some Acceptor fans coming from other parts of the country for this.
There's an oddly popular thread on the Acceptor boards about taking the overnight bus to reach Yuuna-chan's concert.
Mayuki: "That's what otaku are like. When they love something they'll devote their soul, cut back on sleep and empty their savings to overcome all obstacles."
Akihito: "It's kinda terrifying."
Mayuki: "......umm, actually, Akihito-san, something weird came in the post today."
She sounds hesitant to talk about it.
Akihito: "Weird?"
Mayuki: "Here......"
She hands me a letter with a serious look on her face.
Mayuki: "There's no postmark, so someone must have put it in the office postbox directly."
Mayuki: "My manager didn't really want to let me see this, but I did anyway......"
Akihito: "Uwa...................................."
A standard sized piece of paper with small, ugly, tightly-packed letters. I can tell it's bad news right away.
Whoever sent this has seriously lost it.
Akihito: "......could you summarize this for me?"
Mayuki: ""Traitor. But it's all right. You and I will be eternal at the concert.""
Akihito: "No explanation?"
Mayuki: "None."
That made no sense.The world is scary.
Mayuki: "We prefer not to talk about this, but most entertainers have a lot of troubled fans. A letter like this is nothing unusual."
Akihito: "Things like this are normal?"
Mayuki: "......the problem is the signature."
I pinch the edge of the letter, as if it's diseased, and check the signature at the bottom.
Akihito: "――――K."
Mayuki: "......what do you think, Akihito-san?"
Akihito: "It might be them......no, wait......"
Akihito: "You could interpret this as saying they'll attack you at the concert."
Mayuki: ".........yeah."
Akihito: "But they're obsessed with hiding evidence, so why send us this......?"
Mayuki: "I'm not sure......"
It's more creepy than it is worrying.
Izawa: "I don't want to go anywhere near your place."
Akihito: "What's the problem? I've even got an idol here."
Izawa: "......what does she have to do with this?"
Mayuki: "Sorry, this was my idea. There's something we all need to talk about."
Izawa: "..................tsk!"
Izawa's also surprisingly weak against lolis.
Akihito: "Also? ............no, I'm not like that."
I can't tell many people what I'm up to these days.
Benio: "Have you guys finally decided to fight for justice?"
We're having today's team meeting in my house, since Mayuki said it might take a while to discuss this.
Akihito: "No, nothing to do with justice. We just have a pro――――"
Haru: "Is that a threat letter? O-Haru-san's seen those before. The wife of one guy I slept with found me and......"
Akihito: "I don't want to know!"
Benio: "Gyaaas! That's completely immoral!"
Haru's past makes me want to cry.
Kagome: "Silence."
Benio and the others go silent.
Benio: "A-anyway......they're saying they'll attack during the concert, right? Would they really do that in front of so many people?"
Akihito: "I wish I could say for sure they won't......"
The letter is lying on the table. I feel as if hazardous chemicals are leaking out of it.
Haru: "And this is the castle avatar you told us about?"
Akihito: "No way to be sure. All we have is that signature."
Kagome: "Larger bodies just makes them easier to dispose of."
Akihito: "......we're not using Babylon's fire in the middle of the city. Stop acting like Izawa."
Izawa: "Do you want to die?"
Benio: "Well, if we know they're coming, then the five of us can......"
Akihito: "Ah, just four of us."
Benio tilts her head, unsure what I mean.
Benio: "You mean Izawa's not coming?"
Izawa: "......I didn't say anything."
Your reputation precedes you.
Akihito: "Mayuki has to do the concert."
Mayuki: "......I said I was fine with fighting, but Akihito-san insisted......"
Kagome: "Lolicon."
The witch looks at me with scorn, as if I'm a cockroach she just crushed.
Akihito: "N-not that......I mean, it's not that big of an event, but people are coming from all over Japan for it, so......you know."
Haru: "There are people coming that far just for this? I thought this was a local event."
Akihito: "......I'm pretty sure there are."
Can't underestimate otaku.
Akihito: "Anyway, that's the situation. So, will you help us, Izawa? I think we might be able to take him with just three of us, but that guy seemed pretty tough."
Since we can't use Babylon's fire in the city, it'll be hard to deal significant damage to it.
Izawa: "Keh......!"
Akihito: "You don't like them trying to hunt you down either, right? And we've gotta protect the idol."
Izawa: "I don't care about the idol!"
Izawa: "......tsk, fine, I'll go. This time."
Kagome: "The titmouse is acting strange."
Haru: "Indeed."
Benio: "......you don't sound normal."
His reputation still precedes him.
Akihito: "Maybe he's just nicer when an idol's around?"
Izawa: "......I told you that's not it."
Izawa: "............"
He looks displeased. That part's completely normal.
Mayuki: "Is......something wrong?"
Izawa: "Keiko's......going to that concert."
Akihito: "......aaah, that makes sense."
He's just a doting brother, not a closet otaku.
Akihito: "Now then. The basic plan is to ambush him on the day of the concert."
Akihito: "I have a map of the area here. These connectors will do everything they can to avoid other people, so I doubt they'll be hiding in the crowds."
Akihito: "They seem to be targeting Mayuki, so they'll need to find a position from which they can see the stage."
Akihito: "If they really are serious about charging into the concert, they won't need to be very precise to hit Mayuki."
Based on those assumptions, I narrow down their possible locations.
Kagome: "We can determine their location, so now we just need to dispose of them. We could slit their throats as they sleep, or sneak up on them from behind."
Akihito: "I was hoping for something less bloodthirsty......"
Izawa: "We're still gonna kill them all."
Akihito: "......I'd like to try and avoid that."
Kagome: "Hmph. You love making things difficult, Akihito. These connectors have already killed at least one person."
Is it right to kill them just because they've killed? If I let them live and they killed more people, would I be responsible?
It's a difficult problem. There probably is no right answer.
I've taken away quite a few lives already.
And yet――
I still hesitate to take another.
Akihito: "We need to teach them fear so they won't attack anyone ever again, including Mayuki."
Like Kagome said, when words fail, there's only two methods of communication left. Violence and fear.
They went mad with power, so they need to be taught that some people in the world are even more powerful.
The edge of the world―――Things you never knew before.They bring an end to small, self-contained worlds.
And one last thing.
Akihito: "Mayuki, I'll need your phone on the day of the concert."
Mayuki: "You do? I'm fine with that, but how's my phone going to help against an avatar?"
Akihito: "I'll listen to your concert. They have a web radio station for it, right?"
Mayuki: "They do, but why......?"
Akihito: "To get our blood pumping. We'll fight them with your singing as background music."
Haru: "I think I might like that."
Benio: "Uwa, that sounds kinda cool."
Izawa: "......idiots. This is serious."
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, you must be very confident about this."
Akihito: "It's better to act confident than get all gloomy and serious. That's something I learned from Senpai."
Mayuki: "She may be on to something."
Mayuki smiles.
Now we're completely prepared.
====================真雪24 真雪のコンサート.json====================
Early morning. The sun hasn't risen yet.
Mayuki's schedule is completely packed today.
She needs to go meet with her manager, then head straight to the stage.
The four of us are all here too. Today, Babylon's on idol guard duty.
Mayuki: "I really feel like I should be in this fight......"
Mayuki grabs my arm, and looks up at me.
Akihito: "You don't trust us?"
Mayuki: "Not that, it's just......I'm worried......"
She squeezes my sleeve.
It's so cute that I can't think for a moment. If we were alone I'd hug her.
Akihito: "Of course we'd do even better if you were there, but you have a concert today, right?"
I gently stroke her head, trying to soothe her.
Akihito: "I know you said you don't like being an idol, but if you really hated it you wouldn't be able to practice so hard."
Mayuki: "That's...just......"
Akihito: "There must be something about it you weren't expecting to enjoy, right?"
Danger isn't the only thing lurking beyond the edge of the world.
There's a reason ancient seafarers competed to explore uncharted places.
Mayuki: "But that doesn't matter when――"
Akihito: "Don't say that. You've got fans coming from all over the country for this."
Akihito: "Readers who've supported Yuki, and fans of Yuuna. They're all waiting to hear you sing."
Akihito: "I like your singing too."
Mayuki: "You...do......?"
Akihito: "Yeah. It's obvious you're putting everything you have into it, and I think that's beautiful."
Akihito: "You're an idol, aren't you? You have to sing for everyone."
An idol. An object of worship―――
They're entrusted with wishes. They provide a fairy tale, embodying wishes that will never be granted.
Akihito: "The four of us can take them. I'll handle this for you. So go sing your heart out."
Mayuki: "......hau, hauuu."
Mayuki recoils for some reason.
Haru: "What's wrong, Mayu-Mayu?"
Mayuki: "That was......really.....cool......for a lolicon."
Haru: "Hahaan."
Akihito: "Besides, Izawa-kun's fighting for Keiko-chan today, right?"
Izawa: "......shut up or I'll shut you up."
Kagome: "Siscon."
Izawa: "......!!"
The witch calmly utters words that no one should ever speak.
The big brother putting his life on the line to protect his little sister. It's actually pretty cool. I'll tease him about it more some other time.
Mayuki: "Umm, Akihito-san......"
Akihito: "It's fine, just focus on your concert. I'll protect you."
I make a promise. A wish that wasn't granted last time.
―――I remember the red color.
The color that slipped through my fingers.
That day, I lost someone close to me, and my heart went cold.
A car needs fuel to run.A person needs passion to act.
When your heart dies, you're no different from a corpse. You just keep dying while still living.
Mayuki: "Okay......"
I'm convinced the passion in Mayuki gave my heart the heat it needed.
Humans can't live alone. Both literally and figuratively.
The insurmountable divide between two people. A gap that can never be crossed.
When two people touch each other across that gap, they change. Like mixing cold water with hot water. Neither one can avoid changing.
Haru: "Oh my, all of a sudden he's acting like a prince."
Benio: "Eh? Eh?You two are that close now!? No way! Th-th-that can't...be right......can it? Akihitooooooooooo!?"
Kagome: "Hmph."
.........I'll deal with the bad rumors later.
Night falls, but it doesn't get any colder.
The fans down there are generating so much heat, it feels like a summer day up here. I'm even sweating.
The stage lies at the center of that heat, like the eye of a roaring hurricane. It's the only silent place because it's still waiting for its master.
Lights. Speakers. Mics. Cords.An inorganic altar constructed out of countless devices.
Tonight's stage is an outdoor concert. They've rented a small part of "Ibuki Park," one of Takakura City's tourist hotspots.
A promising local idol. Yuuna's live concert. A celebration of Acceptor's licensing. The fans form a sea of chaos.
There's some locals, some otaku types who came here for the idol, some bigwigs from the tourism board, and more than a few people in Acceptor cosplay.
They dance. They shout. They groan.Cheering. Cheering. Cheering.It's already a festival, and nothing's started yet.
Several banners show the name "Yuuna" in various sizes and colors.
The lights on the stage suddenly change.
Someone shouts, and everyone follows along, chanting "Yuuna, Yuuna." Applause. Stomping. Many, many voices.
Yuuna, Yuuna, Yuuna, Yuuna.
The rippling chant soon becomes a tidal wave, crashing against the stage, overpowering it. Yuuna appears before the mic, like a deity.
Yuuna, Yuuna, Yuuna, Yuuna.
Yuuna: "――――――"
She withstands the violent winds all by herself. The idol rules the stage.
Rulers are always alone. No one will help Mayuki once she's on stage. Only she can protect herself.
Yuuna: "Pleased to meet you, and good evening! I'm Yuuna!!!"
She braces herself against the waves, shouting back as loud as she can.
Yuuna: "Thank you so much for coming to my conceeeeeeeeeeert!!!!"
From a roof close to Ibuki Park, they watch the stage.
They can't really enjoy the concert from this far away, but they can keep an eye on it.
We climb the last flight of stairs, and come out on the roof. Five others are already here, watching through the fence. Their heads spin around like frightened rabbits.
Akihito: "Hey guys."
I raise one hand, but no one responds.
Izawa: "Are you serious? These weaklings are our enemies?"
Benio: "Stop picking fights with everyone you see."
Haru: "We did come here to fight them though. We can't stand having them follow us around forever, so we have to end this tonight."
Akihito: "Pretty much."
Kagome determined where K's coμ would watch the stage from.
Once she checked that they really were in here, I asked her to stay at the concert.
She might be able to help down there if things go bad, but more importantly, a fight with K is too dangerous. Even for her.
Now that she's done what she can, there's no reason for her to stay.
K's Connectors: "............"
Izawa: "Say something. Do you want us to kill you?"
Benio: "Why do you attack people!? What's the point of all this!?"
K's Connectors: "......we'll erase you. Erase all who've seen K."
Haru: "No point trying to talk to them."
Five connectors whose names we don't know. They overpower us with silence. There was never any chance of talking our way out of this.
Akihito: "Hopefully we can finish this before anyone sees."
The roofs up here are so close together that they form a labyrinth of billboards, water towers, and store signs up in the city's skyline.
It will be hard for anyone on the ground to see us up here, but a serious fight between avatars is still likely to draw attention.
Izawa: "We'll kill it in one hit."
Benio: "We only need to scare the crap out of them. Understand, Izawa?"
First, I turn on Mayuki's phone. The web radio relays her song to the speakers in real time.
She's just started greeting the audience.
Yuuna: "This is a bigger concert than usual, so the truth is I'm a bit nervous."
Yuuna: "I'm sure a lot of you hadn't heard of me before I was chosen to sing the Acceptor theme song!"
Yuuna: "So tonight's concert is my way of saying hello to all of you!!!!"
Mayuki's greeting comes through the phone.
Yuuna: "Now, please listen to this song! My new single, and the Acceptor theme song, Prism of the Heart!!"
The crowd goes wild when she finishes, like the last concert I saw.
The place is completely packed this time, probably due to all the Acceptor fans.
The concert begins.
Akihito: "And now for our act."
Izawa: "Shut up. You don't tell me what to do!"
Benio: "This is no time to be squabbling, you idiot!"
Haru: "Can we really take on all five of them with just the four of us?"
K's Connector: "......erase. Erase. We must erase you......or we'll all die......!"
We can't understand them or communicate with them. K's coμ has rejected words. Their leader shouts with a mixture of malice and terror.
K's Connector: "――――Tower over all, K!!!"
The blue gate light explodes. Countless tentacles sway around like seaweed, twisting, grating, overlapping, forming a wall in no time.
A fortress avatar of black steel―――K.
Akihito: "Now――"
Benio: "Break them――――Babylon!!"
Akihito: "I'm supposed to say that!!"
A black dragon rises out of the gate light to answer Benio. Its ferocious, gallant form stands before K. A pitch-black dragon with ten points and fourteen eyes. Babylon.
This is different from our last fight. There are four of us now. Even without Mayuki, we're more than capable of fighting.
Izawa: "You're right, that thing is huge."
Haru: "Are you scared, Izawacchi?"
Izawa: "I'm saying it'll be worth tearing apart. Don't screw up now, maid."
Haru: "I'll try. O-Haru-san feels like someone just seduced her."
Benio: "Sedu......?"
Akihito: "............enough chit-chat."
In an instant, ten tentacles come out of the wall.
The red-black vines stretch, shrink, and shoot out like arrows.
Babylon moves into the rain of whips as the concert begins.
Mayuki wears her Yuuna outfit, and makes use of all the lessons she's had.
She does everything she can to make her voice reach something. Possibly the audience, possibly something else.
Mayuki isn't sure herself, but it does feel good to sing from the bottom of her heart like this.
It's like when you run as fast as you can to feel the wind blowing against you. Mayuki prefers being indoors, but she likes that feeling too.
Mayuki sings. As she sings, she sees something glow.
None of the fans notice it. Not one guest, staff member, or anyone else.
An avatar's activation signal. The fight's starting.
Mayuki: （Akihito-san......）
She directs her feelings toward Akihito, singing the words with every little subtlety in her heart.
Some familiar faces are shouting from faraway seats.
☆Ra: "Yuki-saaaaaaaaan!! Wait, I mean Yuuna-saaaaaaaaaaaan!!!"
Kasuka: "Your song is like that of the ancient bards who sung the sagas of gods!"
Audience: "Yuuna-chaaaaan!!"
They're very loud people, but in that crowd they're just drops in the ocean. The voices swallow up everything.
Kagome: "............"
I look for Kagome, and see her in a seat in the corner.
So many fans are here, cheering on Yuuna, who's just a mask she wears at work.
Mayuki: （That's why――）
Mayuki: （I have to do my best.）
A strange feeling.
She's felt the same way before, at nights sitting in that small room, staring at the monitor.
A small story submitted by someone called Yuki. A satisfying form of self-expression she started just for fun.
She posted it from her little desk, in her little room, without showing her face to anyone beyond that monitor.
It made an impact. She felt happy, almost ticklish.
The words and voices of strangers reached her through the electronic sea. "It was fun. I'd like to read more of this. Please write another chapter."
That motivated her. She set to work. The slightest positive or negative response gave her joy or sorrow.
Creation is a lonely act. You claw out something deep inside of you and desperately put it into words.
For your own sake, and not anyone else's. She wrote because she wanted to, not to show it to anyone else.
Or so she thought.
But people's voices made her happy. Hearing their words from far away. Knowing people were reading it encouraged her.
She was writing it for herself, and yet......
It's very strange.
She grips the mic.
She turns her sunny smile toward the light. Mayuki's eyes are sparkling.
Mayuki: （Akihito-san. Benio-san. O-Haru-san. Izawa-san.）
Mayuki: （Fight hard. I believe in you.）
Mayuki: （I'll do everything I can too!）
The five of us are a coμ. We live and die together, our lives irrevocably connected for no logical reason.
She may not be up there with them, but her life is on the line all the same.
That does scare her. Akihito did act confident when he asked for her phone, but they all know that every fight is dangerous.
In the past, she had no clear concept of death, but now she can imagine it vividly.
Because she's felt it.
It's scary, deep, sad, and painful.
But so what―――?
Mayuki sings anyway. She trusts in them, and sings.
The best song she can.
K's tentacles continue increasing in number, raining down on Babylon's head like arrows.
Like last time, those silent lances avoid damaging any physical objects, like the ground or the signs.
K's Connector: "............!"
K's tentacles howl and fly, but Babylon slips through them as if threading a needle.
We nimbly evade a bundle of erratically flying tentacles, change directions and block a different tentacle with the black shield.
Haru: "It's gonna be hard to get closer than this."
We evade.We evade.We evade.
Gravity Control―――Speed boost.
The pitch-black dragon dances with more agility than its enormous body should have. The black steel fortress can't land a blow.
But――
Babylon can't get any closer to it either. Every part of the black wall is woven out of countless tentacles.
We can push through it or tear into it, but that steel wall will never rot away. Even breaking inside and killing the controllers would be extremely difficult.
The tentacles writhe.
They twist together, creating new walls around us and Babylon, as if enclosing the whole roof.
Izawa: "―――This guy's a pain."
Izawa's getting frustrated. K's attacks aren't that strong, but the wall is tougher than he expected.
We could blow it away with a single fireball, but there's no way we can use that here in the city.
Haru: "Keep an eye out or it'll hit you."
Benio: "Why are you so calm about this, O-Haru-san!?"
Haru: "Gotta have at least one person staying calm."
Izawa: "Dammit! Just let me shoot it! I'll tear that papier-mache apart!!"
Akihito: "Not yet, we need to be patient――"
K's Connector: "K......! Erase them quickly! Do it now......!"
K's tentacles continue coming. They won't give us any time to rest.
Babylon has to use its shield to protect us, so it's losing magic fast.
Benio: "Fine, if no one has any ideas, then I'll do it!"
Akihito: "Can you get through all those tentacles?"
Benio: "I don't know."
Akihito: "Then no."
The tentacles crawl along the ground, tear through the air, and close in all around us. Babylon's claws slice through them, and its fangs crush them.
Babylon's already destroyed more than ten of them, but they keep coming out of the enormous wall like ants.
K's Connector: "Erase......erase......!"
One tentacle comes around from behind and swings into Babylon's side. The sound of it rushing through the air makes my ears sting.
Mayuki sings. She waves her arms and legs around. Sweat flies off her forehead, forming little rainbows in the spotlight.
She can still feel what's happening. She's been loaded into Babylon. She's within range.
Babylon's fighting. Information flows from the dragon's senses into Mayuki.
They're connected, even though she's not up there.
They're having a tough fight.
Yuuna: "Are you all having fuuuun!?"
She shouts, as if to wipe out the weight in her chest. She talks to the fans during intermission.
She's used to wearing masks.
She's worn many of them in the past. Sometimes she lied. Sometimes she acted mature. Sometimes she was a quiet child. Sometimes she was a talkative one.
When she was alone at night, after her parents divorced, when she was lonely and sad......
Yuuna was one of those masks. An idol she used when she was on stage.
An honorable form chosen to please her parents.
Akihito said Yuuna was also Mayuki.
All of her masks and disguises all came from the same place.
It doesn't make sense to act which ones are fake, and which one is "the real Mayuki."
They're all a part of her.
Just like all her happy, sad, and painful faces.
So Mayuki smiles.
Finally, she smiles.
Not a fake business smile this time. She waves at the crowd with a real smile.
☆Ra: "Yuki......I mean, Yuuna-saaaaaan!! You're like an angeeeeeel!! You're amazing! Amazing! Amazing!"
Kasuka: "Exactly......! Like ☆Ra said, you're a true angel right now! The most gorgeous in all the heavens......!"
Audience: "Yuuna-chan, you're so cuuuuute!!"
Yuuna: "Thank you so muuuuuuuuuch!!! I hope you all enjoy the whole the concert!!!"
As she waves to the crowd, she checks on Kagome.
Kagome: "............"
Kagome's still watching the stage, looking bored.
Mayuki understands.
Kagome's there because she believes in them.
She believes they can win, they will win, and they'll come back.
So――
Mayuki: （I have to believe too.）
When she first met Kagome, she thought her face was beautiful but scary. Today she finds it reassuring.
Her heart feels lighter.
Perhaps――
That might be the witch's magic.
The intermission is over now. There's only a few more songs left, then an encore.
She has to keep singing the best she can.
Believe in them, and sing.
Wait for Akihito and the others, who are fighting to protect her and all her fans.
She starts singing again. Mayuki moves back to the front of the stage.
K's Connector: "This guy......why can't we erase it? Why? Why......!?"
Izawa: ".........shut up already."
Haru: "At least try to have some variety."
K chases.
Babylon runs.
There's no sign of either side delivering a fatal blow.
We avoid yet another tentacle.
One more flies in from the side, slipping through a gap in the black shield and tearing off part of Babylon's armor.
K's greatest advantage is the sheer number of tentacles. Our gravity shield can block any physical phenomenon, but we can't react fast enough to deflect every single one of them.
Of course we could deploy it at full power to block all of them, but without Mayuki here that'd consume too much magic.
Saturation bombing―――
The constantly increasing barrage of tentacles is now dense enough that Babylon can't defend against all of them.
Akihito: "―――Let's do this."
We haven't just been running away. As we dodged the wall's attacks, we were also checking on the local geometry.
And buying time for Babylon's fire to charge.
Izawa: "About goddamn time!"
Izawa roars.
Babylon responds.
A thunderous whirlpool of gravity. Darkness leaks out of Babylon's mouth, tearing apart the atmosphere.
The black dragon slips through more tentacles, charging toward the wall ahead of it.
The remaining tentacles wait to strike at the moment when it collides with the red-black wall.
Haru: "Yoo-hoo!"
Babylon leaps, using its gravity control to propel it upward. The landslide of tentacles lands after it's long gone.
Haru's fingers dance through the air.
Bold yet delicate. Almost artistic.
The black dragon ignores Earthly gravity, landing on the side of a large sign above K's head.
K lost sight of its enemy. Babylon looks down at it from above.
Some of the tentacles fly through the air. One cuts down the fence surrounding the roof. This is the first sign that we've shaken them.
K can't run away.
That's a huge downside of being a fortress.
In both of our fights, K's hardly moved at all.
In exchange for incredible size and defense, K has almost no mobility. It truly is a wall.
Benio: "Go get him!"
Izawa: "Uraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa――――!!!"
Babylon descends like a bird of prey, onto the back of K's wall.
The violent black flames are already smoking between its fangs.
At such close range, just being close to those flames is destructive.
The wall breaks apart inside Babylon's teeth.
Akihito: "―――Crap!!"
The only way to defeat K is to attack the human connectors directly. We were waiting for a chance to get over the wall so we could close in on them.
But that's a big gamble.
Sending Babylon away from us leaves us defenseless.
K's tentacles and Babylon's fangs―――Which will be faster?
An extremely long tentacle appears right behind us, answering that question.
―――We're already out of time!?
Akihito: "――!?"
A new avatar suddenly jumps in, tearing apart that tentacle just as it reared up.
A Pantagruel―――
I've never seen this avatar, but it seems to be on our side.
Akihito: "――Now's your chance, Izawa!!"
There's nothing left to keep the dragon at bay.
　　　　　　■■■■■■■■――――!
The dragon roars.
Steel fangs and claws tear apart countless tentacles, chipping away at the giant wall.
Violence and fear.
We need to make sure they never forget this defeat.
Audience: "Yuuna-chaaan! That was amaaaaaazing!!"
The battle ends, and we get back to the concert.
Akihito: "You saved us back there. Thanks."
Reclus: "It was nothing......besides, you're the ones helping us out."
Reclus' coμ's avatar was the one who destroyed the big tentacle before it got to us.
A power they swore never to use again.
Akihito: "But how did you know we'd......?"
Reclus: "Actually, Mayuki-chan told us about it. She didn't ask us to help or anything, but............"
Reclus: "I think we wanted to get closure on this."
Akihito: "......I can understand that."
It's not logical.
Sometimes, you can't move forward without getting closure, no matter how reckless, and no matter how many enemies you might make.
It's neither good nor bad. It's just the way it is.
Back on stage, Mayuki just finished her concert. We wave to her along with the rest of the crowd.
Yuuna: "Waaaa, Akihito-saaaaaan!!"
Akihito: "Eh?"
Mayuki waves back at me.
Everyone in the audience turns to look at me.
Audience: "Who's Akihito?"
Audience: "That guy?"
Audience: "Is she talking to him?"
Audience: "Who is he? Why is Yuuna-chan talking to him?"
Takahashi: "Damn you Mizuwa, how the hell did you manage that!?"
Akihito: "Wait a minute!!"
Glares of bloodlust gather on me.
Yuuna: "Akihito-saaaaan! I'll be waiting for you backstaaaage!"
Akihito: "Gyaaa!"
You're going to get me killed!I scream like a pig and run away without looking back.
―――It was watching the whole time.
Everything matched its predictions. It gained nothing new.
Like bubbles on the water's surface.
The unprecedented sensation remains difficult to understand. It's puzzled both by the event that brought it about, and by itself for allowing it to happen.
It's never experienced any sort of sentiment before.
―――It truly was as ephemeral as a soap bubble.
Unable to touch itself, much less others. Contradicting itself, collapsing, changing form every moment.
There was a time when life and minds were considered divine entities, but that's in the past.
The divine is merely what has yet to be understood. Humans endlessly yearn for new wisdom.
Because they fear all unknowns, they can't resist trying to know them. They were even eager to dissect their own bodies and brains to determine the sources of life and mind.
They were cast out of paradise for the sin of wisdom, so now they try to defeat the world with their wisdom.
Thus, the humans eventually arrived at the answers. Not to everything, but at least those two.
Life is the act of genetic code replicating itself through the bodies it codes for. Minds are mere shadows of a network of nerves running through those bodies.
They can even point to which part of the brain controls which emotion. Love, anger, jealousy, or hate.
But no matter what equation they use, they cannot accurately describe that ripple.
It doesn't understand.
Because it can't understand, it stops thinking, and closes the world.
Time just passes. Like a dream.
―――Eventually, the small ripple disappears.
====================真雪24-25 舞台裏のこと.json====================
Tonight, she sings again.Tonight, she still doesn't answer.
Kururi: "It's 8 o'clock, everyone assemble!"
???: "......goodbye."
Kururi: "Wait, wait, wait, wait."
Kururi: "I was worried you'd have trouble later in life if you didn't learn to appreciate little jokes."
???: "I'm serious about this, Detective."
Kururi: "Non non non, super-detective. The super is super important. Don't forget it."
Kururi: "I went to the concert for that idol's new song. There was a commotion nearby, so that's probably what we're after."
???: "Isn't it your job to look into that? Still, I'm surprised to hear you went to an idol concert."
Kururi: "It was part of your request. Anyway, Kururi-chan does follow the super-detective code, so I'll be sure to finish the case."
???: "Thank you for your consideration."
Kururi: "Come again next time you need a super-detective."
Kururi: "On a different subject, a lot of odd things have happened near the prince lately."
???: "You have good hunches."
???: "Things have gotten complicated with the prince. The Round Table is getting restless too. Even I can't stay quiet in this situation."
Kururi: "Are you sure you can reveal such things to an outsider like me?"
???: "Think of it as thanks for all your help. Also, can I ask you to cancel that investigation? I'll want a report of everything you found so far."
Kururi: "Oh my, that's a shame."
???: "Since the prince is in trouble, we don't really have time to spend looking for our magician."
???: "Also, I might have to leave this city for a while. I won't be able to call you if that happens, so please use texts if you need to contact me."
Kururi: "Oui, monsieur. Don't catch a cold out there."
???: "By the way......you haven't told anyone about the prince, right?"
Kururi: "I've forgotten the past and know nothing about tomorrow. Bye, Sir Bors."
The dry sound of hanging up. A single sigh. Outside, it's still long before dawn.
He gazes out the window with a nasty, young-looking smile.
He turns a coin over in his hand.
His favorite silver coin with a white horse on it. He found it in the ruins of an underground casino.
He flicks it into the air. It twirls with a nice, clear sound.
Upside down――
???: "Things won't be going my way for a while."
====================真雪25 真雪とのH02_0604.json====================
―――I'll summarize what happened after that.
The concert was a huge success.
Yuuna's now a true otaku idol instead of just a local idol, and the commercial version of Acceptor saw a huge spike in interest.
People enjoyed Mayuki's performance a lot more than we expected. Maybe she has a lot of charisma.
Her waving to me at the end has had more than a few repercussions.
The fans have been told that "Akihito" is a close friend of Yuuna's who helped her get out of a sticky situation in the past.
I'm both relieved and disappointed that they didn't admit I'm her boyfriend, but it's usually bad for an up-and-coming idol to have a prominent man in their life. 
That is the most cliche way of ruining your career.
Of course, that hasn't squashed all the rumors, so anti-fans still point to it online.
For now no one's revealed any of my personal information, but I'm constantly worried about what might happen if it does.
The net is scary.
We didn't finish K off, though we tore their avatar apart. Violence and fear. The only way to communicate with irrational people in a lawless kingdom.
We asked Nanase to help deal with K's coμ. I can't thank them enough for agreeing to it.
K's connectors knew nothing about the Round Table or the Coμnet.
A lost child, left behind after failing to enter the new world.
In that sense, they're similar to Herm's coμ.
K's connectors experienced a worse fate.
The first other connectors they encountered were beginner killers.
They were lucky enough to defeat the BKs, but that experience still scarred them.
They learned the world was filled with malice, and the Coμnet was filled with enemies.
Fear turned to paranoia, and paranoia turned to aggression. There was nothing to hold them back.
K turned into a fortress of death, slaughtering all avatars and connectors that stepped into its territory.
K is a very unusual avatar, with almost no mobility.
Since it can't move, it can't run away, which made its connectors even more terrified.
Maybe they had problems in their normal lives too, but either way, they started locking themselves away from the world, becoming more obsessive and more violent.
We don't know whether all five of them went through that, or one of them was more charismatic and dragged the others down too. It was probably a mix of both.
I really wish I could complain to Girl A. She should be putting more thought into this.
Herm's coμ stumbled into their territory completely by accident. They were just unlucky.
And there's more to the ending. The threat letter Mayuki received was indeed sent by one of K's connectors.
Yuuna was an idol for them too.
She used to be their pure "angel" (Nanase said they used that word), shining light into a terrifying world.
Then Yuuna betrayed them all by becoming connected with some other man and had a huge concert.......I still can't completely understand that part, but we do know this.
Sometime after fighting me and Mayuki, they realized she was Yuuna.
Which meant Yuuna was connected to another man (namely, me) through that avatar.
This was an unforgivable betrayal. They wanted to make her "eternal" before she fell any further.
That crazy idea infected the rest of K's coμ, giving them the motivation to overcome their fear and go to the concert.
K's coμ probably wouldn't have lasted long anyway. Since they were killing every avatar who entered their territory, it was only a matter of time until a strong and clever BK found them.
Nanase: "Mizuwa-kun......I think you saved K's coμ."
Whether or not Nanase's right, that doesn't change the fact that Herm's dead.
Who's most at fault? The BKs who first attacked K? Or K's coμ, since they actually killed Herm?
The world is always multi-layered, and all of us are complicated.
So it's better to have an ending where someone gets a silver lining, instead of one where everyone loses everything.
I'll believe Nanase's fairy tale. K's coμ will remain under her watch.
I haven't heard anything about them since.
I'm honestly not sure if she can handle them. No matter how true and beautiful Nanase's words are, a lot of problems can't be solved by words alone.
But that's another story――
After the concert ends and things settle down, I spend the day in Mayuki's room.
Mayuki: "I'm Yuuna☆"
Akihito: "Bu!"
I spit out what I was drinking. Mayuki left a minute ago, and just came back as Yuuna.
Akihito: "Wh-what are you......?"
Mayuki: "This is a reward for protecting me."
Akihito: "R-reward......?"
Mayuki: "Men like this sort of thing, don't they? They call it "moe.""
Akihito: "You're still acting like an otaku."
Mayuki: "You're the one who said Mayuki and Yuuna are both me, Akihito-san."
A carefree smile.
Akihito: "Hey, Mayuki."
I sit down on a chair next to her bed. Mayuki sits down between my legs.
This is our usual position, but today she's an idol. I'm worried I might gain a new fetish from this.
Mayuki: "What is it, Akihito-san?"
She rubs her little body up against me like a friendly cat.
I snuggle up against her and rub her hair. It's soft, smells nice, and feels good under my fingers.
We're not doing anything in particular, just enjoying being together.
Akihito: "Mayuki, which do you think is worse? Giving up on a chance to save yourself, or potentially doing more damage by trying?"
Mayuki: "......I'm not sure."
Mayuki: "I......can't decide. I guess it depends on the situation."
Absolutely. There's no mathematical answer to that.
The gentle world is always vague. Even outside the window, it's neither night nor day right now.
Akihito: "Yeah, I don't know either. Maybe all we can do is treasure what's important to us."
Mayuki: "......Akihito-san, what's important to you right now?"
Akihito: "Spending time with my little princess."
I kiss Mayuki's smooth hair.
It's in the world's nature to change. Peace lasts for an instant. Happiness leaves in the blink of an eye. Death comes suddenly, with no reason or meaning.
The fairy tale that normal life is somehow different from abnormal. Everyone dreams that dream.
We can't live without hope for the future, without faith that tomorrow will be the same as today.
It's just a glass castle that'll fade away if we take our eyes off it.
But――
I remember now. I remember how people live calmly with those feeble fairy tales.
Akihito: "I've forgotten for so long how to live a normal life......"
Akihito: "A boring, uneventful, silly, meaningless life."
Akihito: "I think I can finally live like that again."
Mayuki: "Akihito-san......"
Mayuki's little hands feel my heartbeat. Am I calm right now? Or is it beating fast?
Mayuki: "Did something make you forget? ......umm......"
Akihito: "Well, I guess it did."
――I remember the red color.――The black heat races through my chest.
But......
Old memories resurface rather than seething feelings, as if I'm turning through pages in a faded album.
Things I lost. Things that were stolen from me. Things I did wrong. Wounds and sins that will never go away.
I'm not locking them away in a box like when I came back to this city.
Now that our days are so quiet, maybe I can find a way to face them―――
That's what I'm thinking about.
Akihito: "I'll tell you about it someday."
Mayuki: "......not now? You have to wait? ......is it, umm......because I'm still small?"
Akihito: "Nothing to do with that. I haven't sorted my feelings out yet. I need to face them and decide what to do about them."
Mayuki: "I see......"
Mayuki leans her head against my chest. It feels as light as a feather.
She holds out her little finger.
Mayuki: "Then promise me. Pinky swear."
Mayuki: "You protected me, Akihito-san, so next time I'll protect you. We'll always protect each other."
I curl my pinky around hers.
We still aren't connected. This is just a moment of contact.
All people are completely isolated from each other.
Akihito: "Pinky swear?"
Mayuki: "Pinky swear."
Mayuki: "Cross my heart and hope to die."
Mayuki: "Stick a needle in my eye."
But so what―――?
Right now, some part of our hearts is connected. I can believe in that illusion.
Akihito: "――――in my eye."
Mayuki: "I'll protect you."
Mayuki: "From all the painful, sad, and difficult things in the world."
Akihito: "......you're awfully confident."
A girl who only reaches up to my chest says she'll protect me. Maybe that's something men like to hear, but it's incredibly embarrassing.
Akihito: "Gaaah, come here!"
Mayuki: "Hiyaaaaaaa!?"
I pull her toward me and hug her from behind. I'll attack her to hide my embarrassment.
Mayuki: "Fuwa......auu, uu, nnn......A-Akihito-san......that was really......nha......"
I massage her flat chest with both hands through her stage clothes.
I'm not really feeling her skin, just her clothes rubbing against her bra, but it's fun seeing her reactions. 
Mayuki: "Huu, nn! ......A-Akihito-san......nnn!"
It's still a girl's body. I rub around, gathering up what flesh I can find. I can sort of create some tiny breasts.
Mayuki: "Nn......ha, huu......haa, haa, haa......Akihito-san......touch me more......"
I gently play with those small bulges hiding beneath the texture of her bra.
Akihito: "So much potential here."
Mayuki: "Th-that's rude! They're going to grow later......nn! They'll be bigger than your hands......! Ahu, nnn......haa, haa......"
Akihito: "How many years will that take?"
I pinch her small breasts and search for protrusions under her bra.
As I scratch at the fibers, I find what I'm looking for. Mayuki's body lurches.
Mayuki: "Hinnn!"
Akihito: "Nice reactions."
I roll those protrusions around. Her small body twitches so much it feels like it might break if I'm not careful.
Mayuki: "Iiu......huu, huu......you really are a perv, Akihito-san......hiaaaaah!"
I nibble her ear from behind.
Everything I do gets a big reaction out of her.
Mayuki was a virgin until recently, so she's still a very unripe fruit.
Mayuki: "Hiannn! N-not my ear, n-n-n-not there......"
I stick my tongue into her ear and move it around. I can feel her nipples gradually getting harder between my fingers.
Akihito: "Your nipples are really hard, even though you have no chest."
Her small body is developing. A sense of immorality excites me further.
Mayuki: "Nnnu......! Y-you're so mean......! And a pervert......hu! Nnu......!"
Every time Mayuki writhes in my arms, her butt rubs against my crotch. I'm starting to get hard.
Mayuki: "You're getting bigger too, haa, haa, haa......Akihito-san......huu! Nn......ah, haa......"
I'll toy with Mayuki just a little more. I pull on one of her nipples.
Mayuki: "Yaaaaaaa......nn! Nnn! D-don't pull on......huaaann......! Please don't pull that, ah......n-n-no......!"
I run saliva along her delicate neck with my tongue. I reach down to her skirt with my free hand.
Mayuki: "Hyaaaaannn!!"
Mayuki convulses, just from me gently touching her through her panties. It's such a big overreaction even I jump back a bit.
Mayuki: "Ah, aaaaah, ah, ah............! Hua, hua......! Ah, nn............! Uuunnnnn............!"
Mayuki's body leaps over and over.
Mayuki: "Haa......! Ah......! Haa, haa, haaha......! Ah, ah............haaaaaaaa......ahuu, haa, haa, haa......"
Akihito: "Y-you okay?"
Mayuki: "I'm......a little wet......hau, auu, uuu......"
I only notice after she says it. My hand and Mayuki's crotch are wet with lukewarm liquid.
I pull up her skirt. From over her shoulder I can see that some of it splashed down her thigh.
Mayuki: "Only because you did all that so suddenly, Akihito-san! Idiot! Stupid! Lolicon!"
Akihito: "That was cute."
My thing is already big and hard.
A hot, erotic body is never as important to a man as reacting to his caresses.
Mayuki: "Uuuu......the pervy man is educating the poor little idol......"
......she chooses overly erotic words.
Akihito: "We have to get you wet or I won't be able to get in......"
I reach down to Mayuki's crotch, which is twitching underneath her soaked underwear.
Even through the wet fabric, I can feel the shape of what's below.
Mayuki: "Nnha......ah, ah......haaaaaa......ah! Uu......nn! Please don't...rub too much......ahaaaa......! Ah, funyuuuuuu......"
I move my fingers up and down her soft crevice. The fabric was just wet, but now it's getting warm and sticky.
Mayuki: "Huun, nn! Akihito-saaan......! Akihito-san, i-if you keep rubbing there......I-I'll......!"
Just rubbing up and down isn't enough anymore. Plus, I want to stimulate Mayuki more.
Mayuki: "Haaaaa......ah, ah, haa, ah......nnu! Nn! Huu, huu, huu......huaaa......ah, ah, ah......"
I raise up Mayuki's butt and remove her skirt.
I'm surprised to discover that seeing her in only the top half of her stage outfit is strangely exciting.
Musty heat rises from her crotch, stimulating my nostrils with a faint scent of ammonia and the thick smell of a girl.
Akihito: "Mayuki......"
Mayuki: "Ah, wait, uwa, Akihito-san, what did you......nnwa! You're going............! Fuwaaa!"
I stick my hand inside her wet panties. There's so much fluid inside it feels like someone must've poured a bunch in.
Mayuki: "You're touching me......! Ah, ha............! Akihito-sannn......! Ah, aauwa......anyu, nnuuu......"
After rubbing around her lower abdomen, I move down her crotch and arrive at her young genitalia.
I pass through some light hair. It still hasn't fully grown.
Mayuki's crevice is still shut tight. That vertical slit oozes liquid, but nothing else.
Mayuki: "Haaaa......ah, ah......your hands...feel really perverse......I'm still new to this so, please be gen――......nnn......!"
Her skin is smooth all over.
This is bad. I'm really getting into this. I might want to do this every day.
Akihito: "Do you think I can put my fingers in?"
The entrance to her reproductive organs looks too simple and undeveloped, but I continue moving my fingers up and down it.
Sometimes I bend them, pushing down on it. They open up easily. I should be able to get at least a finger inside.
Mayuki: "Huu! Nn! I-I don't...know that......nnha, ah............uuuuuu......ha! Ah, ah......"
I'm not sure if she's recovered from being deflowered yet, but it's probably not a good idea to ask. I'll just have to try it.
Akihito: "Tell me it hurts and I'll stop......"
Mayuki: "Y-yes......nnu......nn......ahaaaa............"
I press my palm against her crevice, and feel her clitoris. I move my hand as if to rub the fluid over it, and push my middle finger inside her.
Mayuki: "Auu......! I-it's...inside......! Ah, ah............! You're stretching me............!"
It's easier than last time, but still pretty tight.
I move my finger in and out, using the fluid as lubricant.
Akihito: "Does that hurt?"
Mayuki: "Hiu! Nn! Ah......! Aha......! Nn, nn......!"
Mayuki clings to me. The stimulation is too strong for her to speak. She nods her head to tell me it's fine.
Mayuki: "Nnuuuuuuu......! A-Akihito......sa............! Ah......! Uuhaaa......!"
I slip my finger in deeper. Her insides pulse and squeeze around me, sucking me in.
Mayuki: "Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha......! Ah......! Nnu, nn......your...finger......it's rubbing...ah......!"
I writhe my fingers around just inside her entrance, prying Mayuki open.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, your fingers are............!"
Akihito: "That's right, I'm rubbing around inside you......"
Mayuki: "Hiu......! My body's...going numb......! I-I......! Ah......nn, nnn! Nn......nnuuuuuu......!"
I kiss her neck multiple times, and rub Mayuki's body with one hand.
I touch her as carefully as possible. My fingers inside her move roughly, churning the fluids.
Mayuki: "Hii! Hifu......nn! Haa, haa, haaaa......ah, nn......! Nnuu, haa, haa, haa......"
Deeper, little by little. I invade Mayuki's insides.
I feel as if my heart is slipping inside Mayuki along with my fingers.
Akihito: "Mayuki......!"
Mayuki: "Ah, aaah! Akihito-sa――......! Funya, ah......! Your...finger......ah! Nuu......nnnnn!"
When my finger reaches the limit, I pull them halfway out.
Then I add another finger.
My index and middle fingers slide in, stretching out her entrance like a rubber band.
Mayuki: "Haaaaaaaaaaa......!! Uuu......nn! Nnuuuuuuuu......!"
The thicker sensation makes Mayuki's insides pulsate.
The soft flesh around my fingers guides me inside each time I move my fingers.
Mayuki: "Ha! Ha! Ah......! Ha, ah, ah......! Nnnnn! Hiuu! Nnhua......! I-I'm, fuwa, fuwa, fuwaaaaa......!"
I continue rubbing Mayuki's insides nonstop. Her tight vagina gradually loosens.
Mayuki: "Ah! Aaaaah!"
Her legs stretch out, and Mayuki's voice gets louder.
Mayuki: "Ah! Funya, ah, uuunnn! Uuuu......nn, huwaaaaaaaaaaaaa............!!!"
Her feet quiver adorably. I think she was convulsing for almost ten seconds.
She relaxes, as if she used up all her strength, and leans against me.
Mayuki: "Fuwaa......haa, haa, haa......nnyu......Akihito-san............"
I wipe the drool off her mouth. She smiles at me with dull eyes.
Crap, she's so cute.
I really have been infected with unusual tastes. I might as well lose myself completely at this point.
Akihito: "Mayuki, I'd really like to do it now......do you think I can get in?"
Mayuki: "Hau, ha......ahu......yes......ah, but Akihito-san......"
Akihito: "Hm?"
Mayuki: "This time......let me do it. Huhihihi......"
Mayuki makes a strange laugh, her breath still uneven in my arms.
Akihito: "H-hey, Mayuki!?"
Mayuki: "I don't like letting someone else do everything. Here goes!"
Mayuki: "Huhuhuhu, now it's time for me to wring you dry, Akihito-san."
The young girl moves her face into my crotch, her cheeks flushed.
Looking down at her is only making me more excited.
She has no cleavage, no matter what angle I look at her from. Her body is just too small for that anyway. 
I feel like a criminal.
Mayuki: "I'm going to unzip you. I didn't get a chance to see it at all last time, so I want to look at it now."
Akihito: "I don't think it's that much fun to look at......"
Mayuki: "Don't be modest."
Mayuki lowers my fly, enjoying herself. Clear fluid is still dripping from her crotch. It's such a lewd angle I feel like I'm going mad.
Mayuki: "Howa!"
She lowers my underwear, and my fully engorged member leaps out energetically.
Mayuki looks surprised, staring at it from point-blank range.
Mayuki: "I-it's so big......I'm amazed this actually got inside me......"
Akihito: "Don't stare at it like that......"
It's embarrassing.
Mayuki: "Do you mind if I measure this? Mmmmm......"
She holds two fingers out at a certain width and runs it along my thing.
Mayuki: "............maybe eighteen centimeters?"
Akihito: "N-no, there's no way it's more than fifteen and a half......"
Mayuki: "It's about a tenth of my height......so that much worth of Akihito-san is going inside me. Wow."
Stop being so innocent and erotic.
Mayuki: "Hawa, it got bigger again!?"
Men are honest creatures. It's so hard now it hurts.
Mayuki: "Okay, I'm gonna try this with my mouth now............hamu."
Akihito: "Uu......!"
The slimy membranes of her mouth envelop me. I gasp involuntarily.
Mayuki: "Mmm, mmm, mmuuu......Afihibo-shan, how is hit......?"
Akihito: "Y-you don't have to talk......"
Mayuki: "Sheems rike ids good. Okway......nn, nmmm......npu......nn......nn......"
I've been hard for so long that the slightest movement of Mayuki's head sends jolts through my spine.
Her mouth is small enough that her teeth touch me, which irritatingly reduces the pleasure.
Mayuki: "Nnmu......nyupu, *kiss*, nn......nnbupupu......hamu, hamu......nn......nnpu, nnn............chupa!"
Akihito: "Uuu!"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, you're sensitive too~"
She licks my thing and smiles. It's not cute.
Mayuki: "Better keep going......amu......*kiss*, *kiss*, nn......hapu! Nn......ubu, nn, nn......!"
Mayuki's tongue runs all over me inside her small mouth. It feels pretty good, which annoys me.
Mayuki: "Nn......Ahihito-fuan......npu, nn......npa......if you want me to do something, please tell me. *lick* *lick*......nn......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......"
I can really understand why other men make a big deal out of blowjobs.
It's not necessarily the pleasure, but seeing a girl work hard to pleasure the filthy parts of your body leaves quite an impression.
Mayuki: "Nnbu, nn......*kiss*, *kiss*......! Nnhu, nn......hamu......nn......nnnyu......*kiss*, *kiss*, *kiss*, *kiss!*"
Akihito: "Try to......keep your teeth......from touching it......"
Mayuki: "Nhue? Fey're douchin id? In phat cashe......howsh sis......?"
Mayuki: "Habu......nnnnu......uuuuuu......*kiss* Nn......npu, nn......*kiss* *kiss*......"
Mayuki tries to narrow her lips and moves her jaw.
Her mouth is small to begin with so that doesn't change much, but I can't feel her teeth as much.
Akihito: "Huu......! That's good, Mayuki......"
Mayuki: "Gud do whear, nhuhuhu. Nyuu......nn, *lick* *lick* *lick!* Nn, nhu, hapu......nn......nn......"
Mayuki's first time pleasuring me with her mouth. I decide to make some extra requests while we're at it.
Akihito: "Could you put your hand on it, and maybe try sucking......?"
Mayuki: "Mm? Lik zhis......? *kiss!* *suck* *kiss!* *suuuuuuuuuck*......!"
She sucks as hard as she can, like a vacuum cleaner, and my body bends backward from my crotch.
Akihito: "U-uoo! W-wait, that's too strong......ow!"
Mayuki: "Hua......s-sorry. Gentler, right? Gently, gently......"
Akihito: "No, you don't have to force yourself......"
Mayuki: "Amumumu............"
Mayuki begins devouring me again anyway.
This time she puts a hand on my base and gently moves it, while sucking with less power.
Mayuki: "Mm! *kiss* *kiss*......nn......! *lick* *lick*......*kiss!* Nnhu, nn......"
Mayuki: "*kiss* *kiss* *kiiiiiss*......*kiss!* Fuha......is this better? *lick* *lick*......"
Akihito: "Y-yeah......"
Mayuki: "*lick* *lick*......apu!"
Mayuki: "*kiss* Nn......ubu......*lick!* Nn......*lick* *lick* *kiss*......nn...*kiss* *kiss* Nn, nnn......!"
It's down to the ideal level now, so her intense sucking is very effective.
Heat gradually rises from the back of my hips.
Mayuki: "*kiss!* *kiss!* Nn, nnbu, *kiss* Nn......nnha......ahu, nn......nn, *kiss*, nn............nhuhuhu♪"
Mayuki smiles as she takes in my swollen, throbbing member.
I feel like someone just punched me in the head. Pleasure pulls my emotions up.
Akihito: "M-Mayuki......!"
Mayuki: "Almosh dun? Nn, nn! Nn, nnpu, nbububu! *kiss* Nn......*kiss!* Nnbu, nnbu!"
Mayuki notices, and starts moving her head faster, increasing the stimulus.
I try to catch my breath for a moment, and my head flashes white.
Akihito: "Uuah......!"
Mayuki: "Nnnnnbubu!!?"
I unconsciously grab Mayuki's head, move my hips and violate her mouth.
I thrust deep into her throat multiple times, pumping white stuff into Mayuki's mouth.
Mayuki: "Nngu! Nn! Bububu! Nne......nuu, puwaaaaa..................!"
The white liquid won't fit in her small mouth, and pours out from between her lips.
The fluid has sprayed all over her, dripping down her jaw and onto her collarbone.
Akihito: "Haa! Ha! Uu............haa, haa......"
Mayuki: "Nne......*cough* *cough* *cough!* Nngu, nn......*cough* *cough* *cough!* Nneee............!"
Mayuki coughs as the sticky fluid slides down her throat.
Akihito: "Umm, sorry, Mayuki......"
Mayuki: "Oeeee......*cough* *cough*......that was so mean, Akihito-san......my throat feels so icky......*cough* *cough!*"
Akihito: "I guess...I got a bit too excited......I'm sorry."
Mayuki: "Nnuuu......excited over me?"
Akihito: "Well......I guess so."
Mayuki: "I see. Oh well, you are a hardcore lolicon after all. I'll forgive you this once♪"
She seems very happy that I admitted to it.
Mayuki: "But next time I'll bite you!"
Akihito: "Please don't......"
Mayuki: "Eheheheh......"
She smiles as she wipes her mouth. Mayuki starts moving her hips too.
Mayuki: "Umm, Akihito-san......"
Akihito: "You can't wait any longer? ......me neither, actually."
Mayuki: "Yes......♪"
I take her hand like a princess and guide her to the bed.
Mayuki: "Th-this position......seems even more embarrassing than last time......"
Akihito: "I like the curve of your back."
Mayuki: "Eh? R-really......? Then I'll try to deal with it."
Mayuki's face down, still in her stage clothes, with her butt sticking up toward me.
Mayuki: "Umm, why......do you want me to keep my clothes on."
Akihito: "............it's moe?"
Lately I've been feeling Mayuki's influence a lot.
Mayuki: "Aaah, you pervert, loli eater, enemy of humanity......"
Mayuki insults me with a sweet voice. I touch my tip to her from behind.
Her round, slightly hard butt, and her crevice, and the small protrusion above it. I can see everything.
Mayuki: "Aau......"
She buries her face in the bed, her butt waving around.
It feels like she's inviting me in, though she may not be doing that on purpose.
Akihito: "Mayuki, can I put it in?"
Mayuki: "Ah, yes......please do it slowly......"
I aim it with one hand, and rub my tip up and down Mayuki's entrance.
I push it inside. Mayuki gasps erotically.
Mayuki: "Nnha......aaa............"
I hold Mayuki's hips tight with both hands. The sensation of passing through her tight entrance sends bubbling pleasure up my back.
Mayuki: "Aaaaah............i-it's coming......! Ah......huu, huu, huu......nnu......!!"
Akihito: "A little more......"
Mayuki: "Hahi! Nn......nnnnnnn......!! Hahu......ha, haaaa......"
I push open her tight insides.
I can see all of her flesh taking in my manhood.
It's maddening.
Akihito: "......I'm all the way in."
I'm as far in as I can go.
Mayuki's body is still small and not used to this, so my thing isn't completely inside her.
Mayuki: "Hahi, Akihito-sa――......ah......ha......nku! Nn......ha, ah, haa, haa, haa, haaaaaaa......"
Compared to last time, that was surprisingly smooth. Mayuki doesn't seem to be in as much pain either.
Akihito: "Does it hurt?"
Mayuki: "Y-yes......but I feel wider somehow......eighteen centimeters is amazing......"
Don't say that......
I can feel myself expanding even more inside Mayuki as I start slowly moving my hips.
Mayuki: "Ahuu, huu......han, nnnnnnu......huu......Akihito...sannn! ......nuuu!"
Last time her insides were just squeezing me, but now they're pulsing in time with my movements.
She must be excited, because her insides are even hotter than her mouth was. I'm almost surprised it's not burning me.
Mayuki: "Nn! Ah! Ah, huaaaa......! Ha, ahu......ah, ah......nnah......ahuuuu......"
I move slowly, but Mayuki still reacts strongly.
Akihito: "I'll try to be gentle......but I'm not sure I can do that......"
Mayuki: "Ha! ......yes, I'm...fine......! It's not as bad as last time......ha, ah!"
Mayuki: "Yan, kya, nnnuuu, haaaa! Aannnu......huu......I-I'm......! Nuu......!"
I watch Mayuki react as I carefully move my hips.
Mayuki: "My insides are stinging......! Ah......! Nnn......! Aan! Ya, ah......ah, nnn, ahu, fuwaa......"
Her body's small, so her insides are tight.
When I push in, I immediately reach all the way inside.
I can feel a hard, rubbery sensation when I move my tip around.
Mayuki: "Ah! Hau, ah......haa, ah, hua......nn! Ah! Nnn! Nn......uu......!"
She's so wet it's dripping down to her knees, so I can move freely even though it's really tight.
I pull her small, round butt closer and churn the inside with my thing.
Mayuki: "Yan, kya, auuuu! ......nnyu, hu! Nnn! ......nnnnnu......nn, nn, nnhuaaa, n-not so, ah, aaah! Nnnnnnn!"
I thrust in and move around. I rub her abdomen from the inside. The new stimulus makes Mayuki's hair fly around multiple times.
Akihito: "Mayuki......"
Mayuki: "Akihito......sa......nn!"
I make eye contact with Mayuki as she looks back at me with a pained face.
Affection wells up so strongly that I can't quite describe the emotion it brought out.
I want to stay connected like this forever. It's such a shame this has to end at some point.
Mayuki: "Ha, ha, aauuu, I'm......about to! Akihito-saaa......nn......! Hua, haa, ha! Aannnn!"
I rub Mayuki's insides hard. I look for the part that feels the best.
Mayuki: "Ha, hiiin!!"
As I rub around the base of her hips, Mayuki makes a sweet voice I've never heard before.
Akihito: "So this spot is good......"
Mayuki: "Not...there...not there......auu! That's, hua, hiin, huan, ha! Ah, ah, that feels...weird......!"
I grab her hips as they try to get away, and push my tip up against her insides.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, Akihito......saaan......! I'm, th-this is......aannn......! I'm, I'm, this is......!"
The pleasure spurs her to start moving her own butt.
Akihito: "Mayuki, you're so cute......moving your hips like this......"
Mayuki: "Ha, ah......nuu! I like this......! Auu, nnnuuu......ah! Haa......! Ah, ah......!"
A scream with embarrassment and pleasure mixed together.
I can't be gentle anymore.
I push my tip so far inside Mayuki's soft flesh that it hurts, churning her insides up.
Mayuki: "Aan! Ha! Nnaaa! I-I'm! Auu, nnn! Ah, huaaa......haa......ahu, hau, aannnuuu......aannn!"
Mayuki moves her hips as if she's drowning. Each time my hips collide with hers, our fluids scatter and her butt gets coated with liquid.
Mayuki: "Hunyaaaa......ah, aannn......! Nn, nnaaa! I feel so hot! Ahaaaaa......haa, ah! ......haa, nnhaaa......!"
The liquid drips down her delicate thighs, making even the underwear and pants around her legs wet.
Mayuki: "Ah! Aaan! Th-that's...too...hard......! Aaaaah, nn! Nnn! Nn! Haaaaaa......!"
It's hard to move in that position, but Mayuki desperately responds to my thrusts.
She says it's too rough, but her body is making it rougher.
Mayuki: "Hua, aaah......I...c-can't......keep this......nuuu......uuu! M-my head's...going white......!"
We share pleasure. Our thoughts start to cut off and melt away.
My thing invades her young genitalia, thrusting regularly, coated in liquid from tip to base.
Mayuki: "Hua......han, nnnuu......I-I can't! Hua! Ah, huaaaaaa! I can't! I'm, ah! Nn, nn, nn, nnaaaaaaaaa!!"
Mayuki's movements are so harsh they're almost convulsions. Her soft flesh writhes around me in more complicated ways, guiding my sperm deep inside her.
Mayuki: "Ah! Ah! Ah! Akihito-...sannnnn! I-Im, I'm, I can't, a-ahhh......!!"
Akihito: "Uu......! Mayuki......! I'm coming......!!"
I hold tight onto Mayuki's small body, violating her violently. It's so enjoyable I can hardly breathe.
Mayuki: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! A-Akihito-...sa......! Ah, ah, ah, ah......! Hua, ah! Nnnnnaaaaaaa......!"
Akihito: "Mayuki......uuuu......!!"
Mayuki and I both cry out like animals.
Mayuki: "Ah! Ah! ..................nnnnnu............!"
Mayuki suddenly loses her breath.
Sparks fly from where we're connected. Electric shocks of pleasure race up to my brain from my lower abdomen.
Akihito: "Uuo............!!"
Mayuki's back snaps back, and saliva flies out of her wide open mouth.
Mayuki: "Hua, ah..................aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa..................!!!!!"
I pump all of my hot, sticky, beastly desire into Mayuki.
Akihito: "Uuah! Nnu......!"
Mayuki: "Ah! Hia! Haa......! I-it's so...hot............!"
I irregularly ram my hips into her multiple times, driven on by the strong pleasure.
Each time her butt shakes, my semen bursts into Mayuki's insides.
Mayuki: "Ah......ha......ah............! You're coming......inside......ah............ah............!!"
It doesn't even occur to me to cum outside.
I fill up Mayuki's genitalia, bearing down on her as if to crush her hips, making sure not a single drop leaks out.
Mayuki: "Uha......ah......Akihito......sannn............!"
Akihito: "Mayuki............!"
I convulse with sweet numbness.
I finally stop ejaculating.
After expelling all of my desire, I collapse onto the bed.
Akihito: "Haa, haa, haa, haa......Mayuki......Mayuki......"
Mayuki: "Haaa......! Ah, ha............haa......! Haa......! Huhaa......ah, aha......ah............"
We lie on each other, on a soaking wet bed.
We lie down half-naked, enjoying what's left of the pleasure.
Mayuki lying on my chest reminds me of what we just did.
Mayuki: "Akihito-san......"
Akihito: "Mayuki, are you okay?"
Mayuki: "......it did feel weird, in a kinda painful way......but eventually......it, well...felt good......"
Akihito: "Mayuki......"
I can't resist the urge to hug her.
Mayuki goes red and looks down.
After seeing something that cute, I don't care anymore if people call me a lolicon or a pervert.
Mayuki: "......umm, b-but, Akihito-san......isn't it bad that......you came inside me......?"
Akihito: "Uu, now that you mention it......"
Mayuki: "Though even if you came outside, you were still sticking it in right after coming in my mouth."
Mayuki has a surprisingly detailed analysis.
Still, I completely missed my chance to avoid getting her pregnant.
Akihito: "You are fertile, right......?"
Mayuki: "Of course! I'm not that young. I do bleed every month."
Akihito: "Just checking."
Mayuki: "Ah, uwa......Akihito-san......it's dripping......"
Akihito: "Uoo......"
My genetic information is still lewdly spilling out of Mayuki's crevice.
How do you describe this? It's insanely erotic.
Akihito: "Th-that's really erotic......"
Mayuki: "Ah, stop it! No looking!"
What man wouldn't look when you say that!?
The mental image of that fluid dripping out of her replays on my head.
My thing gradually gets hard again. I just came twice, but I'm young.
Mayuki: "Uwa, Akihito-san......why are you getting big again!?"
Akihito: "I can't really control it."
Mayuki: "You perv! ......aaah."
Akihito: "You're cute, Mayu-Mayu."
Mayuki: "......men say that whenever they want to brainwash girls......"
Mayuki: "You came inside me without thinking......if I get pregnant you're taking care of it!"
Akihito: "I...I do plan on taking full responsibility for whatever comes of this......"
Mayuki: "If you cheat on me I'm biting off all eighteen centimeters!"
Akihito: "......okay."
Please stop threatening me. It's scary.
The fear instantly makes my thing shrink in size again.
====================真雪26 真雪エンド.json====================
And today――We're out in the city.
Mayuki: "It's nice being outside once in a while."
Akihito: "You'll grow mold if you stay indoors forever."
The days pass calmly. I walk with Mayuki through the city as the seasons change.
Mayuki has a spring in her step. I squint and hold a hand over my head to block the sunlight.
Akihito: "Huh? This song――"
The jumbotron in front of the station is playing one of Mayuki's songs.
The last time she appeared on a local morning show, she didn't get to do more than advertise her new single.
Akihito: "You're getting a lot more exposure lately."
Mayuki: "I am......are you jealous?"
Akihito: "......learn some modesty."
To be honest, I am a bit jealous. When Mayuki's busy, we don't have much time to be together. Typical idol problems.
Akihito: "......what do you want to do now?"
Mayuki: "Good question."
She smiles mischievously, spreads out her arms, and spins around. She's enjoying herself.
Mayuki: "......soon I won't be able to go outside without a disguise."
Akihito: "Just like a true celebrity."
Near the station, we find a big bookshop with an Acceptor poster in the window.
It tells us the anime is really happening. Mayuki's still dealing with details of the licensing.
It's getting a lot of hype. A lot of people probably heard it was a cult hit online.
Herm. Reclus-san. His friends. Terato-san. ☆Ra. Kasuka. Amakuni.
Yuki-san, aka Mayuki. And many other anonymous contributors.
These companies and their animators are adding their names to the long list of people that have helped make Acceptor what it is.
At first it was just a stray thought on an anonymous image board, but now it's something much bigger.
Acceptor is completely different from what it started out as.
Not just because it's been commercialized now, but because so many different people took part in its creation.
I don't know if that's a good or a bad thing. All I do know is that it was bound to change.
Change is the nature of the world. Nothing is ever truly still.
Acceptor will continue changing long after this, and none of us know what form it will take in the future.
Mayuki: "Come to think of it, did you hear about Amakuni-san?"
Akihito: "Nope. What happened?"
Mayuki: "Apparently he'll be debuting as a novelist. He got a lot of connections in the publishing industry from the whole Acceptor thing."
He'll be starting out with a small light novel first."A new story from Acceptor creator Amakuni "
That phrase is already in some bookshops. I don't know if it was his idea or the publisher's.
Akihito: "......he seems to be doing well for himself."
He found something else to do even after failing to capitalize on Acceptor. I could learn a few things from this guy.
Mayuki: "I kinda like what he's done with himself."
Akihito: "It's certainly a lot better than clinging to the past."
Use whatever you can. Ravenously, ferociously, and thoroughly.
That's one way to live. Until someone else rejects that behavior, there's no reason not to do it.
Life is a battle.
With the world, with other people, and with yourself.Endless battles continue in myriad forms.
There was no way Mayuki and I could hide our relationship forever.
We told our friends and family about it.
I was prepared to receive all sorts of criticism for it, and I did get ridiculed.
Haru: "Lolicon~ Lolicon~ Akihito-kun loves flat chests~"
Now Haru teases me every time she sees me. I can see why Mayuki asked me to keep this a secret before.
She's definitely plotting something. Haru is more two-faced than I thought.
Benio: "Mayuki-chan of all people!? And you had me thinking you were interested in me!!"
Benio reacted quite strongly. She and Ayaya formed an alliance against unusual sexual preferences.
Benio: "And you did it with O-Haru-san! And probably Hinaori-san! And Nanase-san too!"
Bad rumors spread.
Izawa gives a curt response every time he sees me.
Izawa: "Die."
Sometimes he adds this.
Izawa: "I'll kill you if you go anywhere near Keiko."
Akihito: "......you siscon."
We were never supposed to cross paths, so we part ways after he spits on the ground.
Kagome: "She's quite the Cinderella."
Strangely, the witch wasn't too bothered.
Akihito: "......did you mean the ugly duckling?"
Kagome: "I can provide a temporary pumpkin carriage for your ashen girl."
This is hardly the first time the witch said something that I can't understand.
Kagome: "A fitting punishment for a ***** like you, Akihito."
Akihito: "You're punishing me already!?"
Kagome still visits my apartment like she owns the place. She doesn't even flinch when Mayuki and I are trying to spend time together.
Akihito: "Try to be a bit more accommodating."
Kagome: "I'd feel bad if you descended any further and lost your right to live, so I'm keeping tabs on you. Be grateful."
Mayuki: "I'm not giving up Akihito-san."
Kagome: "I'm his partner. Don't compare yourself to me."
And thus, today is the same as yesterday. Kagome dominates the sofa coldly and gracefully.
The flowers bloom on Hanasaki Street. There are flowers blooming there all year round, but obviously the ones in springtime are different.
The seasons change, but the flowers go through unknowable difficulties to keep blooming.
Akihito: "You're really on track to become a huge idol, Mayuki."
Mayuki: "It's such a pain~"
I walk slowly, following Mayuki.
Akihito: "You don't mind it anymore, right?"
Mayuki: "The idol work itself is fine, but I dunno about being so popular."
Akihito: "Not a true otaku unless you dislike being too mainstream."
Mayuki: "Not that, it's just......"
Mayuki stops. She turns around and looks up at me.
Mayuki: "I kinda want to be just your idol, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "......that was embarrassing."
I grab Mayuki and ruffle her hair, like petting a cat that's trying to get away from you. She wriggles around, but she doesn't try to run away.
I still see her as more of a sister than a lover, but that will change with time.
Mayuki: "Eheheheh.But......Akihito-san? Do you really love me......?"
Akihito: "Wh-where did that come from, Mayuki? Do you have a fever?"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san......!"
Mayuki gazes at me with wet eyes.
Akihito: "Why are you asking?"
Mayuki: "Do you love me? Please answer......"
What? Is she hiding something?
Akihito: "Did something happen to you......?"
Mayuki: "The truth is......I have to go to France for singing lessons......"
Mayuki looks down, as if to hide her sad face.
Akihito: "Eh? For how long?"
Mayuki: "I'm supposed to take lessons while building up my singing career from scratch, so at least three years......"
Wh-what the hell? We finally dealt with all the big problems we had, and now you're going away for three years?
Mayuki: "I'm afraid......you'll forget about me after three years, Akihito-san......uuu, nn......hiu......"
Some sobs catch in her throat.
Akihito: "H-hey, don't cry! Mayuki!"
Mayuki: "I said "at least" three years! It could be five or seven......Akihito-san,can you wait that long for me......?"
Mayuki's eyes are wet with tears when she raises her head. A sad color that doesn't fit the bright daylight.
Mayuki: "I'll probably be completely different from the Mayuki you know by the time I get back, Akihito-san. So......"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, will you......love me forever............?"
Anxiety, frustration, helplessness.
Mayuki: "Akihito......san............!!"
Her delicate shoulders are shaking.
Akihito: "Mayuki............"
Mayuki: "........................"
Akihito: "........................"
We gaze at each other without words.
Time flows quietly.
The crowds pass by, all ignoring us.
Shining tears flow down Mayuki's cheeks. Pain and adoration constrict my chest.
I pull Mayuki close to me.
Akihito: "Mayuki......!"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san............"
Akihito: "I'll wait as long as it takes for you, Mayuki. I really do love you. I'll wait forever."
Mayuki: "Forever......?"
I gently wipe the tears off her cheek with my fingertip. Her lips are like a flower on the verge of blooming. I kiss her lightly in the middle of the city.
I'll wait ten years if that's what it takes. I won't dodge the question anymore. I close my eyes and strongly embrace her small body.
I finally pull my lips back, slowly open my eyes, and speak to give Mayuki confidence.
Akihito: "......as long as it takes."
The light returns to Mayuki's face.
She wipes the tears from her eyes with both hands, and is then back to the usual Mayuki.
――――But she recovered a little too fast.
Mayuki: "I see, that's good to hear. Oh, and the France thing is a lie."
Akihito: ".........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................."
......she got me. That was a really big lie.
I remember thinking that didn't quite sound right at the beginning, but her tears fooled me!
She completely got me! Hook, line, and sinker!
Akihito: "Youuuuu!!!"
Mayuki: "Huhuhuhu, what's the problem? I love you, Akihito-san. And you love me. That's all."
Akihito: "You fox! That's not the problem here......!!"
Mayuki: "*kiss!*"
I was planning to seriously chew her out for this one, but she stopped me with a kiss.
Mayuki: "Okay?"
I lose my will to fight after seeing her smile.
I make a strange face, as if I just put something inedible in my mouth by mistake.
The same as usual. A calm day no different from yesterday.
But change will come. Maybe little by little, maybe without me realizing it, but it definitely will.
Living and changing are the same thing.
The fairy tale of an "ordinary life" flickers for just a moment, like a dream just before you wake up――
Akihito: "Mu, uu, nn............nnu......nn......remember this, I'll trick you one of these days."
Mayuki: "You can't do that. Ah, by the way, I've been chosen for a bit part in a drama this time. Apparently they like my acting. Huhuhuhu!"
That's why―――
I think this is very noble.
I'll follow Mayuki's smile.
Protecting this little girl, and being protected by her.
That will be enough to make me feel at ease, even though we can't know what's coming.
No matter when a storm comes for us.
I'll never forget this day.
And someday―――
Even if it's not the same exact place, we'll end up somewhere just as calm as this.
I'm sure we'll be able to manage that.
====================阿弥谷01 ストーカー事件.json====================
Akihito: "Hold up."
This is an apartment complex, so we all have intercoms connecting to the ground floor lobby.
It may have been a bit rude to greet her that way, but at this hour of the night, it'd be fair to just ignore her completely.
Ayaya: "S-Senpai!"
Akihito: "What are you doing here at this hour, Kouhai?"
Ayaya's the last person I'd expect to be wandering around after dark.
Ayaya: "Yaya! I was running away in a panic and for some reason my feet took me all the way here!"
Akihito: "Running away?"
From what? That dangerous word choice sends chills down my spine.
Ayaya has a habit of bringing trouble wherever she goes. She instinctively sticks her neck into all sorts of things, but never cleans them up on her own.
The same type of creature as Cat-senpai. For her, curiosity is the driving force, but for Ayaya, it's good will.
Ayaya: "A-a weird person is chasing me! P-p-p-p-p-please let me hide here, Senpaiiii!"
Akihito: "You're being serious?"
Ayaya's as hyper as a manga artist pulling all-nighters every day of the year. For once, it's out of desperation instead of excitement.
Akihito: "Okay, come up here."
Ayaya: "Th-thank youuuu!"
She's incredibly pale, as if she was literally on the verge of death.
Akihito: "Don't worry. As long as you're in here, even a squad of commandos with machine guns can't hurt you."
Ayaya: "There's no way something that weird would......
gyawa,I forgot Hinaori-senpai was here!!!"
Kagome: "Got a problem with that?"
Kagome holds Sanrou-kun in one hand as she reigns over the sofa.
Ayaya: "Aauuuuu."
Tears form in Ayaya's eyes.
Akihito: "You really are scared today."
Kagome: "Don't be afraid. I'll have my way with you, but I won't eat you."
Akihito: "You'll do what to her?"
Ayaya: "An alien in the front and an invader in the back!? P-please don't subject me to such tortuuure!"
Kagome's superb combat skills are largely useless in normal society, but they do make this a very safe hideout for Ayaya.
We also have Babylon if things get really bad, though I'd prefer not to summon it in front of Ayaya.
If she learns about avatars, she'll get dragged into some conflict between connectors eventually.
I'd prefer to keep this lively kouhai as far away from the dangers of the world as possible.
Kagome: "Such a trite sentiment."
The witch smiles coldly, as if she just read my mind.
Akihito: "......you be quiet."
Kagome: "So, what will you do, Akihito?"
Akihito: "Could you take a look outside?"
Kagome: "......very well."
Kagome grabs a pair of my pants off the floor and heads out.
Akihito: "Feeling better now?"
Ayaya: "*glug* *glug* *glug*......
hauuu......yes.Thank you."
Akihito: "Be sure to thank Kagome later."
After downing the water I gave her all at once, she's finally starting to look calm.
Akihito: "So, who was this "weird person?""
Normally Ayaya doesn't take anything seriously. This is unprecedented.
Ayaya: "The last few days I constantly felt like someone was watching me. I kept telling myself it was just my imagination and ignored it."
Ayaya: "At most I'd go "Ha! Are you watching me!?" every so often."
She puts a hand to her face and makes a bizarre pose.
Ayaya: "In other words, I've just been using it as a joke."
Akihito: "You sound like you're doing just fine."
Ayaya: "But tonight I went to buy some snacks at the convenience store, and someone was following me......tailing me......stalking me."
Ayaya: "I felt maximum danger, so I rushed into the store and caught my breath.But when I went back out,he was waiting for me!"
Akihito: "That's not good."
Ayaya: "It was soooo creepy. I sprinted at full speed toward peace, but he started running after me!!!!"
Akihito: "And chased you all the way here?"
Ayaya: "That's pretty much it."
She sits seiza-style on the sofa and bows deeply.
Assuming she really wasn't imagining things the last few days, this is much worse than just a pervert attacking whoever's nearby.
......who would stalk Ayaya anyway?
Ayaya: "......did you just think something really rude, Senpai?"
Akihito: "No, no, absolutely not. Nothing of the sort. I wasn't thinking about the odd tastes perverts have these days."
Akihito: "I was logically analyzing the situation. By the way, did you get a good look at him? Was there more than one of them?"
Ayaya: "Just the one person. His clothes looked black and ordinary."
Grudges and resentment can form anywhere.
Even a harmless hamster like Ayaya could easily create some without knowing about it.
Hatred doesn't need a reason or an opportunity. People can hate each other over dropped chopsticks.
Akihito: "Any idea who it might be?"
Ayaya: "Nope."
Does he have a grudge against her? Or is he just a stalker?There's nothing more disturbing than one-sided emotions.
Kagome returns.
Kagome: "I'm back. There was nothing suspicious."
Akihito: "So Mister X already left......"
Come to think of it, Ayaya didn't get a chance to tell Kagome what to look for, though a witch like her can probably identify suspicious people without any help.
Ayaya: "Thank you for your hard work. Welcome home~"
Ayaya lowers herself to the ground, holding out what she bought at the convenience store.
Kagome: "Are those new snacks? What is this?"
Ayaya: "Yes! That is a snack that can bring peace to humanity. It's called "Mountain Village of Friendship between Mushrooms and Bamboo"~"
That's a terrible name.
Ayaya: "It's a miraculous snack developed to put an end to the appalling war between mushroom and bamboo-lovers~"
Kagome: "Very well. I'll have them."
Ayaya: "Then we'll split the box......"
She kneads it, as if inspecting the quality.
Akihito: "That actually worked?"
Ayaya: "Eheh, eheh."
Now that her safety is assured, Ayaya's back to her usual self. Her smile is unhindered.
Kagome: "So what's the story?"
Akihito: "I say 70% chance it's a stalker."
Kagome: "Then I'll put my money on a deranged serial killer who makes lampshades out of women's skin."
Akihito: "That's way too deranged."
Ayaya: "Everyone's so mean to me......"
I feed Ayaya the snacks of peace to cheer her up.
Akihito: "For now, just get some sugar into your brain."
Ayaya: "*munch*"
Same for Kagome.
Akihito: "Eat this."
Kagome: "*munch*"
I join in, eating bits of the oddly shaped snack that's neither mushroom nor bamboo-based.
Ayaya: "*crunch* *chew*"
Kagome: "*munch* *crack*"
The miracle snack brings about peace.
Akihito: "So, now that we're all at peace, let's think of a plan."
Ayaya: "Does that mean you'll do something about this, Senpai?"
Kagome: "Akihito loves wasting his time."
Be it a pervert, stalker, or serial killer, this guy is following her, so we can't just ignore it.
Akihito: "First off, what do you plan to do tonight, Ayaya-kouhai?"
Ayaya sits on the sofa, holding her knees as she munches on the snacks of peace.
Ayaya: "*munch* *crunch*" (Eh? I assumed I'd be staying here.)
Kagome: "*chew* *crunch*" (What?)
Ayaya: "*crunch* *munch*" (I can't!?)
A strange new form of communication occurs.
Akihito: "Both of you, stop eating for a minute."
Kagome: "What?"
Ayaya: "I can't!?"
You don't have to say it again. I can tell from your faces what you tried to say.
Akihito: "I'd rather not, but it's already late, and that is the safest option."
I could walk her back home, but Mister X might take drastic measures once he realizes she knows about him. He might even try to break into her house.
Ayaya: "Please don't worry. Ayaya would never attack you in your bed, Senpai!"
Akihito: "That's my line."
Kagome: "Akihito's body is incapable of suppressing its lust for cup sizes D and up."
Akihito: "Men don't work that way!"
It's pretty common for girls to spend the night here on short notice. Not just Ayaya. So far that's never turned into any sort of sexual encounter.
Akihito: "You can stay here if you want, but what are you going to tell your parents? Do you have any friends that'll cover for you?"
Akihito: "Even your parents wouldn't want their daughter to stay in a man's room by herself, right?"
Ayaya: "That won't be a problem. Even if you took my virginity, I'd text my mom and pop about it and they'd congratulate me!"
Ayaya's parents are just as bouncy and energetic as she is.
Akihito: "That's even worse."
People might start spreading rumors about us getting engaged just because she stayed here for one night.
Human relationships are difficult.
Akihito: "You really should just tell them you're staying at a female friend's house."
Ayaya: "Do I know any handy females......"
Akihito: "There is one handy."
Ayaya: "Oh-ho, who might this be?"
Akihito: "Her."
I point toward an icy gaze. It's often hard to tell whether this is my room or Kagome's.
Kagome: "............"
Ayaya: "Uwaaa, your eyes are scary......"
Kagome: "It wouldn't bother me at all if she went and died in some gutter."
Akihito: "Please, Kagome. Just this once......"
Kagome: "Don't be so indirect. Humans should be honest."
Kagome definitely is honest. So much that she's isolated from the normal world.
Akihito: "In that case......could she stay in your room? She'd be safe there no matter what happened."
Kagome: "My room......"
Kagome slowly turns toward the window.
Akihito: "............"
Ayaya: "............"
Kagome: "............"
She turns back toward me with incredible vigor.
Kagome: "All who see my room cannot leave it alive, no matter what form of life they are."
Akihito: "......what the hell is in there......?"
Don't tell me you have a secret laboratory or something.
Kagome: "That's a secret."
I don't know what Kagome's room is like either. Hopefully it doesn't look like a terrorist den.
Ayaya: "......Ayaya would rather not enter that minefield......"
Kagome: "A wise decision. Only you can protect your own life."
Akihito: "......then we'll go with the plan where she stays here but Kagome helps her pretend to be staying with a girl."
Kagome: "When did I say I would help?"
Akihito: "Think of it as a chance to save an endangered species. She is our kouhai after all. Come on, you beg too."
Ayaya: "Hinaori-senpai, I beg of you!"
She lowers her head deeply.
Kagome: "Hmph."
Akihito: "O-okay! I'll treat you to a cake buffet! As much cheesecake as you can eat!"
Kagome: "You think you can manipulate me with food?"
You're the one who loves cheesecake.
Kagome: "Well, if you insist. I'll give you a second chance at your useless life, Akihito."
Akihito: "Is my life that worthless......?"
Ayaya: "Uuu, all for my sake......Ayaya can see the collar around your neck, Senpai......"
Akihito: "Don't worry, I can see it too."
Kagome: "Call them. I'll do the talking."
Ayaya: "Just a moment............okay, here."
Kagome: "Mm-hmm."
Ayaya hands her cell phone over as it connects to her house.
Kagome: "I have your daughter. If you want her back unharmed......"
Akihito: "......!! (Wait, wait, wait, wait!)"
In the end, Ayaya had to do the talking herself.
Ayaya: "Ahahaha......sh-she really loves joking around.Yeah, I'll be going to school directly in the morning. Yes. Yes. Okay, good night~"
She heaves a long sigh and hangs up.
Ayaya: "Somehow it worked out......"
Akihito: "Someone made it a lot harder than it needed to be."
Kagome: "What's your problem?"
Akihito: "......never mind."
Since they heard Kagome, they did eventually believe Ayaya's alibi about staying at a girl's place. It turned out all right. Though the process definitely wasn't.
Kagome: "Now, let's decide who sleeps where."
Kagome: "I'll be in Akihito's bed."
Akihito: "......you're staying too?"
Kagome: "You sleep in the sink or the bathroom or something."
Ayaya: "That's just mean......"
Akihito: "You're both sleeping in my dad's room. Deal with it."
A harem that doesn't make me the slightest bit happy. I should go to sleep already.
====================阿弥谷02 ここは定番で.json====================
The next morning. For some reason, Kagome's sleeping next to me.
Akihito: "............the hell?"
She's still in her usual attire, but unusually close.
Her breath. Her sweet smell. Her body heat right beside me. The curves of her body hidden under only a single shirt.
The witch is dangerous. If you get too close to the flower's nectar, you'll get hurt. She's always been that way, ever since I first met her.
Akihito: "What are you doing?"
My voice is strangely hoarse.
Kagome: "......morning. I slept here because it was a pain yesterday."
She fidgets right next to me. When she sits up, the morning sunlight shines through her shirt, making the situation even more dangerous.
A walking time bomb.
Akihito: "......what does that mean?"
Kagome: "I am your pretty girl guardian."
Akihito: "What do you protect me from? Am I important enough to have people try and assassinate me?"
Kagome slips out of bed and kicks aside something at her feet.
Ayaya's lying face down on the floor next to the bed.
Kagome: "Be grateful your dere dere childhood friend is protecting you from these fearsome demons."
Akihito: "My condolences, Kouhai......"
Evidently, Ayaya tried to sneak in here during the night, and the witch's iron hammer stopped her.
Akihito: "Hey, Ayaya, wake up."
Ayaya: "Nnyuru......"
She makes a noise when I shake her.
Ayaya: "Mmmmmmmm......
Senpai."
Ayaya: "Good morning kiss~~~"
She kisses me on the lips.
Akihito: "The scary woman isn't going to be happy about that."
Ayaya: "I'll go get changed right away."
Her sleepy eyes are instantly alert.
Kagome: "Shall we have breakfast?"
Our breakfast is the same as always, even with a guest around. Kagome heads to the kitchen to start cooking.
We head to school. Today, the three of us walk together. It's a rare combination.
On the way, we told the police about last night's stalker. They said they'd do some patrols around Ayaya's neighborhood.
It's really difficult to deal with stalking.
They have to respect people's privacy too, so there's no easy way for them to simply take care of it for us. Still, the area around Ayaya's house should be safer now.
Akihito: "Now you can go home safely."
Ayaya: "Indeedily. Thank you for your help, Senpai! 
Though Ayaya would prefer to stay at Senpai's place forever."
Kagome: "Be gone."
Ayaya: "Auu............"
Akihito: "And don't go out at night for a while."
Ayaya: "Yep. I'll buy all my snacks from Konazon tonight."
Akihito: "The police won't protect you forever though. I'll walk you home from school."
Ayaya: "Eh? ......th-that's......"
She quivers, then leaps at me.
Ayaya: "Is that a truth thou just spoke!?"
Akihito: "Verily, 'twas a truth."
Ayaya: "Uuuu! Kaaa! Walking home from school! Every day! Just me and Senpai!"
She grabs my hands and shakes them around. Her whole body bounces as she shakes them.
Ayaya: "Kind Senpai! Dependable Senpai! You might as well be on the Ayaya route now!!"
Kagome: "Animals need better discipline."
Someone throws cold water on her joyous aura.
Ayaya: "............auu."
Akihito: "What's the big problem?"
All else aside, she is a cute kouhai who looks up to me. I wouldn't be able to sleep at night if a stalker did something to her while I wasn't looking.
Ayaya: "So Senpai and I will be coming to school together~Ah, can we hold hands?"
Akihito: "A hundred yen for ten minutes."
Ayaya: "You're a host now!?"
It's not bad chatting to someone on the way to school.
Calm days start and end without any particular fanfare. They can feel boring at times.
I wait for Ayaya near the front gate, where all the other students split up.
Today is peaceful. I gaze like a poet at a formation of birds flying across the sky.
Ayaya: "What's wrong, Akki-senpai? You're just staring at the sky."
Akihito: "Don't call me Akki, Eni-kouhai. Today's so peaceful, I was feeling a little melancholy."
Kagome disappeared partway through class, as usual.
I saw her during third period, but she must've gotten bored after that.
Akihito: "Let's go home."
Ayaya: "Let's."
Akihito: "For now, I'll just walk you to your place."
Ayaya: "Y-yes, please do!"
Walking Ayaya home won't solve the real problem. We need to come up with a real solution before things get bad.
Ayaya: "Ayaya? Who's that little girl over there?"
Akihito: "A liar."
Mayu-Mayu's weird fashion sense is walking around a street near my house.
Mayuki: "Oh, Akihito-san. Ayaya-san. What are you two doing here?"
Ayaya: "Actually, Ayaya and Senpai are deeply in......
mmugugu."
I shut her up.
Akihito: "What about you, Mayuki?"
Mayuki: "The stalkers seem to have left me alone now, so I was waiting here to give you this as thanks for helping with that."
Akihito: "Why would a lying frog like you do something so normal and polite......?"
Mayuki: "I get the feeling you and I have very mismatched opinions of each other."
Mayuki: "Of course, I correctly recognize you as a man incapable of loving women with non-flat chests, so don't worry."
Akihito: "That's very worrying!"
Mayuki: "Anyway, seeing you and Ayaya-san together reminds me of what happened downtown."
Akihito: "Ah, that's right. Well she is in trouble again."
Mayuki: "Oooh."
Akihito: "Should we talk somewhere else?"
My place is the closest, so we head there to talk and eat the food she brought.
Mayuki: "You attract all sorts of problems."
Akihito: "It's not my fault."
Mayuki: "The world is always full of people who won't listen to anyone else."
Ayaya: "Yeah, yeah. Stalkers are scarier than I thought."
They have a lot to talk about now that they've both experienced this.
Mayuki: "But your case is much creepier since we have no idea what he's after."
Mayuki: "The ones who came after me had a clear objective, at least."
Ayaya: "Mmmmm, do you think he wants to capture me or something?"
Akihito: "Don't sound so curious about it."
Mayuki: "If he kidnaps you and locks you away somewhere, that's a straight shot to sexual disciplining."
How is that a straight shot to anything?
Ayaya: "I'll be fine. Ayaya's body is for Senpai's eyes only. Senpai said he'll protect me!"
Mayuki: "Oooh, that's awfully romantic for Akihito-san."
Akihito: "That's not quite what I said."
I said I'd do something about it, though I guess that's not hugely different from protecting her.
Akihito: "But seriously, we need to come up with a plan......"
It'd be much simpler if we could just get the avatar out and beat him up, but many things in this world can't be solved with mere power.
Ayaya: "Ayaya doesn't mind being escorted by Senpai every day."
Akihito: "Take this seriously."
Ayaya: "Auu, sorry."
Mayuki: "Actually, some friends of my stalkers are bugging me at the moment."
Akihito: "They are? Doesn't that mean you're still being stalked......?"
Akihito: "If they try anything, make sure you call me."
Mayuki lives alone. There's not much to protect her if anything happens.
Mayuki: "......"
Mayuki: "So you are extra-nice to only women."
Akihito: "......you didn't need to say "only.""
Mayuki: "It's fine for now. They're a pain, but I can just send them home one group at a time. It'll stop eventually."
Akihito: "I see. Sounds irritating."
When we finish helping Ayaya, we should probably try to help Mayuki with that too.
Ayaya: "So what do you think Stalker-san X is after?"
Mayuki: "He is a stalker, so presumably he feels some pathological affection toward you, Ayaya-san.He's probably going "Aaah, my Ayaya!" or something as we speak."
Ayaya: "I'd give him a chance if he just confessed normally."
Mayuki: "The safest thing we can do is try to narrow down who it might be."
Akihito: "I have an idea. Let's try to make him less interested in you. Ayaya, tomorrow you need to pick your nose whenever you go outside."
Ayaya: "No waaaay!!"
She rejects it with manga-style tears flying from her eyes. I thought that was a good idea.
Mayuki: "We should probably stick to the standard strategy for this situation."
Ayaya: "I knew you'd reach the same conclusion, Mayuki-chan."
Mayuki: "It's about as cliche as you can get."
Ayaya: "And it'll have loads of flags!"
Mayuki: "Indeed it will."
Ayaya: "And then a route!"
Mayuki: "Almost certainly."
Akihito: "......umm, what is this standard strategy?"
The two girls are getting hyped. I have a bad feeling about this. My throat is tickling.
They smirk with incredible glee, like demons about to take my soul.
Ayaya & Mayuki: "The fake boyfriend strategy, of course!!!!"
Akihito: "Again!?"
My bad feeling was dead right.
Ayaya: "It's a wonderful plan. And it's for a just cause, so that scary woman can't get mad at you!"
Their proposal is clear―――
I'll pretend to be Ayaya's boyfriend, go on several dates with her, and hopefully make the stalker lose interest.
Akihito: "Do you want to get rid of him or do you just want to date me?"
Ayaya: "Two birds with one stone!!"
My kouhai is honest.
Akihito: "Does this sort of thing actually make stalkers go away?"
Mayuki: "I see what you mean. He might get infuriated and attack instead. Keep your body safe, Akihito-san."
Akihito: "......well, maybe that'd be a good thing."
If some fake dates get him to do something stupid, the police can get involved and actually deal with him.
Ayaya: "Ah, but wouldn't that be dangerous for Senpai? He'll be eating the stalker's fists of justice."
Akihito: "That just sounds like a bad fighting game."
Mayuki: "It'll be fine. Akihito-san has some tricks up his sleeve."
Akihito: "I can't really use that on a stalker."
Using an avatar on this would be like using a tank to exterminate mice.
Mayuki: "Of course, it'd be nice if you didn't have to."
Ayaya: "What is this trick?"
Mayuki: "He created a martial art involving his cell phone in a very rough part of Michigan."
Mayuki: "It's big enough now that some cops will teach it to people for free as self-defense training."
Ayaya: "S-s-s-seriously!? Senpai developed his own fighting style......!?"
Mayuki tells yet more lies. Why is she such a good actor at her age? I'm honestly impressed.
Mayuki: "What was the name of it again?"
Akihito: "U-umm......phone taijitsu!"
Mayuki: "Lame."
Shut up! You knew I wasn't ready for that!
Ayaya: "Phone taijitsu! That's amazing, master.I'd love to combine that with the Ayayan Justice Fists, so please teach me someday~"
Akihito: "O-okay! Someday!"
Mayuki: "Phone taijitsu. Phone taijitsu. Huhu!"
Akihito: "Uu......!"
I'll remember this, you brat. Someday I'll make you go "Kyaaiiin!"
Ayaya: "So when should we do this?"
Akihito: "Are you free tomorrow? I'd like to get rid of that stalker quickly."
Ayaya: "Oooh! So fast!I'm so excited, my nose might bleed~"
Mayuki: "I'm glad you're looking forward to it."
Akihito: "This is no laughing matter."
I scold her, but I'm not feeling that threatened myself. The overpowering violence I possess makes everything feel less risky.
―――Our avatar.
No stalker or serial killer can compare to that threat.
Just having this trump card available makes me a lot harder to shake.
For now......―――I'll take things easy tomorrow.
====================阿弥谷02-03 四天王の挑戦01.json====================
I was planning to go to bed early in preparation for tomorrow, but that didn't happen.
Izawa called me without warning.
Izawa: "This is urgent. Come now."
Akihito: "Do you have any idea what time it is?"
Our words are overflowing with friendship.
It's pretty rare for Izawa to call me like this.
Usually unusual events like this mean something really bad happened――
Izawa: "Die already! God dammit!!"
A dark brown Pantagruel braces itself as Babylon mercilessly punches it.
The giant's arm breaks off, flying away in a long arc.
The tunnel under the bridge.
The giant collides with walls and the ceiling, creating sparks. It falls down and stops moving like a dead insect.
Izawa: "You're fucking weak. What made you think you could kill me?"
Akihito: "He really is weak............"
For better or for worse, I bumped into Kagome on the way here.
We rode here on my moped together to see this laughable avatar.
Benio: "But why are you fighting him?"
Izawa: "I'll explain later. Tsk! I wouldn't have called you guys if I knew it was this weak."
Akihito: "That's the first thing you say to us!? If you don't learn some manners, someone might give you a lobotomy."
Mayuki and Benio came are here too. I tried to call Haru, but she was so drunk that I couldn't communicate with her.
Babylon stomps on the Pantagruel it just tore apart, then carefully crushes its limbs.
Man: "How could our "Sourplum" lose......!?"
The de-limbed giant's coμ is lead by a man trembling in fear.
Akihito: "I'm not sure how to feel about this......"
Kagome: "These people are stupid, so you need to make it simple for them. Tell them their monster is only Rank D."
Akihito: "......are you sure you're not the lord of the underworld or something?"
―――It really was weak.
It's four connectors versus five. They have the advantage there, but the fight was basically over after a single punch from Babylon.
D-Rank Man: "Uu......! But our Sourplum is the weakest of the Four Heavenly Kings!"
Benio: "......they're even calling themselves weak."
Mayuki: "Shouldn't we be asking why they're calling themselves that?"
Mayuki: "I thought the Four Heavenly Kings was such an overused reference that no one used it anymore."
Benio: "......I kinda feel like a hero after fighting these guys,but it's still weird......"
Akihito: "Well, an ally of justice isn't quite the same thing as a hero."
D-Rank Man: "Uu......you've won this round! But the other Kings will come and defeat you! Do not forget this!"
Kagome: "Die now. You're harming humanity with the carbon dioxide you produce."
Izawa: "Keh! Get outta here!!"
D-Rank Man: "Ah, okay."
His Friends: "Run for it!"
Izawa kicks one of them, and the whole group runs away with their tails between their legs.
Akihito: "Hey, Izawa."
Izawa: "............what?"
Akihito: "I want to ask you something. I really want to know the answer, whether you like it or not. Is that okay?"
It's time for the blame game. How exactly did we end up in this situation?
Izawa: "You need to ask about this?"
Akihito: "Of course I do. I have no idea what happened. I even get the feeling asking about it won't help."
Benio: "You didn't call us out here for a stupid fight, did you!? Bringing Mayuki-chan to a place like this in the middle of the night......"
Izawa: "I'm in a good mood after beating up that idiot. Don't ruin it. That chibi just happened to be in the area."
Mayuki: "That's right. I went out for a quick errand, and on the way back I heard some people fighting......"
Akihito: "Anyway, just tell us everything. I have things to do tomorrow."
Izawa: "Those idiots picked a fight with me. They wouldn't shut up so I pounded them into the ground. Then they brought out their avatar."
Izawa communicates with actions, not words. I don't mind if he gets himself hurt doing that, but it's different when he gets us involved.
Izawa: "Those small fry were here to fight Babylon."
They probably appeared in front of Izawa because of the rumors about him "having a dragon" that started up back when he was being careless.
So this is completely his fault.
Benio: "What the heck does that mean?"
Mayuki: "It seemed like they wanted to get famous for defeating us or something."
Mayuki: "A lot of people know Babylon's pretty strong."
The black dragon that destroyed Boskone, beat up Nanase's Fuchur, and defeated Jack the Ripper―――
There's probably some exaggeration, and we probably get credit for some things we didn't do, but either way we're an up-and-coming celebrity in the Coμnet.
Benio: "Get famous by defeating someone? This isn't the Warring States period......"
Izawa: "I was going to beat them up myself, but that chibi told me to call you. What a pain."
Akihito: "That's our line......wait, did those guys wait for us to get here?"
Izawa: "Yeah, they stood there waiting. I went and got a coffee before you arrived."
Akihito: "You have my respect for not hesitating to tear them apart after all that."
Mayuki: "They said something like "It's only meaningful if we defeat the enemy at his strongest. Take your time getting ready.""
Benio: "So there are people like that in the Coμnet......"
I'm weirdly surprised to see this shounen-style turn of events.
Benio: "I know it worked out fine this time because they were so weak, but you should be more careful, Izawa. If things go wrong, someone dies."
It may seem like Izawa was too busy enjoying the violence to think straight, but he was calm enough to listen to Mayuki when she told him to call us.
Babylon is a Georgios, which makes it harder to control than most avatars. Since we defeated Jack the Ripper, it's even harder than it used to be.
Izawa can probably handle them by himself, but if our avatar gets destroyed, the whole coμ dies.
Izawa: "This stuff is fun because there's some risk to it."
Benio: "That doesn't make any sense.Don't do it!"
Benio bears her teeth without any sympathy.
As a man, I can sort of understand Izawa's feelings.
When you have power, you want to use it. You want to swing your new toy around and find out whose is the best and whose is the worst.
Of course......
There's no guarantee it'll stay a game.
No one killed anyone tonight because of an unspoken rule that we shouldn't. Baseless trust supports this dangerous pastime.
We're a coμ. We're connected to a steel fantasy, and share our lives as one.
If any of us make a mistake, all five of us will die all at once.
Akihito: "Well, I guess that's the price of being famous."
There's a lot you can do when people know about you, but there's also a lot of trouble that will come looking for you. Two sides of the same coin. Nothing's ever that easy.
Mayuki: "Since they said four kings, there should be three more of these coμs."
Benio: "So there are more......"
Kagome: "This is pointless. Do whatever you want."
I expected her to say she'd go looking for the others and start a bloodbath, but apparently this isn't even worth mocking.
Izawa: "So I get to play with them three more times."
Akihito: "True, they were coming after you......"
Akihito: "So they'll probably go for you next time. Call us when they do, I guess......"
It's a pain, but there's not much choice. We can't laugh this off as long as there's a snowball's chance that Babylon could get destroyed.
Izawa: "Ha!"
He laughs and walks away haughtily. Despite calling us here, he didn't thank us once.
Benio: "......Izawa has no social skills."
Mayuki: "There was one funny thing about this, actually."
Izawa: "You......
don't say that!!"
Izawa suddenly turns around with a shocking look on his face.
Akihito: "......say it, Mayu-Mayu."
Izawa: "Don't."
Akihito: "Come on, she has to say it now."
Izawa: "It doesn't matter!"
As we argue, Mayuki secretly manipulates her phone.
Akihito: "I'm not so sure about that......oh, a text."
Benio: "Me too."
Kagome: "What a coincidence. Me too."
Izawa: "Ha......I'm leaving. Don't tell them a thing."
Mayuki: "Understood. I won't say a word."
I read the text.
Text: Mayuki: "At first they thought Izawa-san was a girl and hit on him. He was pretty pissed about it."
Benio: "Aaah......"
Kagome: "Such fools."
Who exactly?It's the witch, so she's probably belittling both sides.
Mayuki: "He does look like a mean but pretty girl on the outside."
Akihito: "If he doesn't like being mistaken for a girl, he should just get a crew cut or something......"
I watch Izawa's long hair wave from side to side as he walks away.
====================阿弥谷03 穏やかな休日.json====================
An early weekend morning. The plaza in front of the station is a common meeting place for couples. There's a bunch of men and women who look like they're waiting for someone.
Mayuki: "Hello."
Akihito: "Why are you here?"
Mayuki: "Assistance."
A fake date with Ayaya. For some reason, Mayuki's joining in.
Ayaya: "I thought you were on my side, Mayuki-chan!Uu......!I won't let you have Senpai!!"
Mayuki: "There, there. The flames of love will burn high enough to overcome many obstacles."
Ayaya: "I see, that makes sense......"
Ayaya and Mayuki connect in ways I can't really understand.
Akihito: "So why did you come? Do you want to be part of our fake date?"
Mayuki: "If something bad happens I'll make sure Ayaya-san gets away. You wouldn't be able to use your phone taijitsu properly if Ayaya-san was around."
Akihito: "Stop calling it that."
Akihito: "Wait, how can a tiny slowpoke like you help someone get away?"
Mayuki: "Let's ignore the little details――"
Akihito: "And you change the subject."
Mayuki: "By the way, what is Ayaya-san's real name?"
Ayaya: "I never told you? It's Ayaya Enishi. Enishi's written with the kanji for fate."
Mayuki: "Ah......Ayaya was your real name!? I thought it was an embarrassing nickname this whole time."
Akihito: "I still think it is."
Ayaya: "I'm being insulted!?"
That aside, we begin the date plan.
To be honest, I still don't believe this will get rid of the stalker, but it's not a bad way to spend a weekend.
And there's a decent chance we'll be able to lure out whoever's following Ayaya around twenty-four seven. Maybe even find out who he is.
Since this is fake, we stick to a typical date plan. We walk through the central park without any special gimmicks.
Ayaya: "Ha!"
Ayaya suddenly freezes in the middle of the road.
Akihito: "What?"
Ayaya: "I just thought of a superb idea that will allow Ayaya Enishi to escape this predicament immediately!"
Akihito: "Eh!? What is it?"
Mayuki: "Immediately!?"
Did she think of something more effective than this fake date thing?
Ayaya: "Yes! If Senpai and I get married I can be Mizuwa Enishi!Nothing to be embarrassed about then!Yaaaaay!"
Akihito: "............"
Mayuki: "............"
That was the predicament!?
Ayaya: "Mizuwa Enishi! Kyaaaa! We absolutely must do that!"
Akihito: "She's lost it. We have to do something quick."
Mayuki: "The happy germs have already reached her brain. Unfortunately, there's nothing we can do.""Uhyaaaa!" Ayaya shouts again as Mayuki and I watch her.
Kagome: "Do what?"
Ayaya: "Execute the Senpai and Ayaya lovey dovey eternity plan, of course!When should we have the wedding?How many children?Do you want any pets..................
hae?"
Akihito: "............"
Mayuki: "............gulp."
Kagome: "......"
She reaches out her hand like something from a horror manga, and clutches Ayaya's head.
Ayaya: "Ayaaaaaaaaaaaaa!! Sh-she's crushing me! She's crushing my head! Uuoooooooo!"
Kagome: "Don't talk."
Ayaya: "Nohoaaaaaaaaaa!! I-I'm not into this! Ow, owowow! Aaoaaaaaaa!"
Ayaya waves her arms around. Kagome's actually going very easy on her, but normal people would never notice that.
A ten ton truck and a twenty-wheel trailer are both fatal if they hit you.
Akihito: "Kagome, that's enough."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Ayaya: "Haa, haa, haa, haa, you're really harsh today......!"
Mayuki: "I thought you'd be hurt much worse."
Ayaya's defense has increased significantly after enduring the punishment for her reckless act. Humans learn from their experiences.
Akihito: "Anyway, why are you here?"
Kagome: "Coincidence."
Akihito & Mayuki: ""Liar.""
Akihito: "......are you here to watch me?"
Kagome: "Protect you. I am your partner."
Ayaya: "I know it's fake, but this was supposed to be a date~"
Mayuki: "My condolences."
I put my hands together and bow. Amen.
Akihito: "......okay, then let's give up on the date thing and just go to a cake buffet together."
I promised to treat Kagome to one anyway, so at least I'll get something done this weekend.
Ayaya: "Eeeh, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo."
Ayaya shakes her fists of justice, like a revolutionary challenging a powerful tyrant.
Kagome: "Something wrong?"
Ayaya: "Not in the slightest."
She stands at attention and salutes her.
Today she learned firsthand the simple truth that it's not love, courage, or reason, but violence and fear that move the world.
Mayuki: "A cake buffet? I usually try to watch my weight so I've never actually been to one."
Akihito: "......for the record, I'm only paying for Kagome's cake."
Kagome: "Women who always expect men to pay for them are despicable."
Akihito: "You have no right to say that."
Mayuki: "It's not easy having a harem. Keeping the right distance is important in relationships."
Akihito: "......"
It's quite shocking seeing the tiny Mayuki lecture me like an adult.
With Kagome, we're now a four-man team.
We've strayed far from our initial objective. Ayaya grabs onto my arm, Mayuki walks on the opposite side of me, and Kagome takes up the rear.
A witch, a chibi frog, and a hamster. There's nothing unifying us. A very mysterious group.
Ayaya: "Haa, my future with Senpai is fraught with hardship......"
Ayaya: "Ah, those cake buffets are pretty crowded on weekends. We need to get there quickly!"
Ayaya instantly turns hyper again. Nothing can bring her down.
Akihito: "Kouhai, your resilience is admirable."
Ayaya: "Teheheh."
Neither stalkers nor a witch can defeat her. Ayaya gets stronger the more you step on her, kinda like wheat.
The Sansou Hotel on the north side has a cafe called Ender.
Every day from 11 to 3 they have an all-you-can-eat cake and sandwich buffet.
Akihito: "I've heard a lot of good things about this buffet, but I've never been here before."
Ayaya: "Neither has Ayaya. Oh! It's our first time!"
Mayuki: "That sounds oddly lewd."
Kagome: "Now then."
The girls disperse and dig into their preferred cakes.
In combat, caution is typically better than haste. I start with a simple shortcake to judge the overall quality of the pastries here.
Kagome's the first one to return to the table.
Kagome: "That's all for you, Akihito?"
Akihito: "For now. I'll decide what to have next after I try this."
Kagome: "You eat so little, Akihito. If you keep that up, your brain will never get enough sugar."
Kagome has three kinds of cheesecake.New York, baked, and rare.
She never eats anything that isn't cheesecake.
Akihito: "......so what does your brain do with all the excess sugar?"
The fact that she never gains weight is one of the witch's greatest mysteries.
Kagome: "I'm on a diet, so it's fine."
Kagome loves her diet pills. They're imported from some foreign company I've never heard of, and apparently they might be illegal to manufacture here.
Akihito: "......is it really worth using those weird pills instead of going on a normal diet?"
Kagome: "Mmm......mmm......"
She ignores my commoner complaint and smacks her lips.
Akihito: "How's it taste?"
Kagome: "Not bad. Mmm......"
She looks satisfied, so that's good. Since I'm paying for it, I'm glad she's actually enjoying it.
Mayuki arrives next.
Mayuki: "I'm back."
Akihito: "Oh, you don't have much either."
Mayuki has a pudding and three tiny, bite-size cakes.
And the pudding seems store-bought too.
It does feel like a waste coming to a place like this and eating the store-bought items, but I often find myself enjoying them more anyway. A poor man's tastes.
Kagome: "Is it because you're small?"
Mayuki: "I spend all day indoors, so high-calorie foods are terrifying. If you let yourself go, you'll fill up like a blimp in no time!"
Kagome: "Not many girls think about such things at your age. I'm impressed."
Akihito: "Oh, I wasn't expecting that."
Mayuki: "All women are loyal worshippers of the diet god. We may cry tears of blood and groan with despair at times, but we obey him every day......"
More like slaves. Men like me can't understand their passion.
Come to think of it, Benio was struggling with her weight when she was living with me.
In retrospect, I think Kagome always made high-calorie dinners for us.
Akihito: "Best not to think about it too much."
Ayaya returns last.
She didn't hesitate to fill her plate with a wide variety of cakes. She appears to have chosen based on their cute appearances rather than flavors.
Ayaya: "Eheheh, they have so many adorable cakes here~ Before I realized it I had a whole pile of them."
Akihito: "Are you the type to have midnight snacks and desserts all the time without worrying about diets?"
Ayaya: "Diets?It's more fun and important to eat what tastes good!"
Ayaya: "If my waistline ever gets that bad I'll worry about it then~"
Akihito: "Well, you do move around a lot all day, and you're not getting any fatter, so I guess you can get away with it."
Ayaya: "Yep, yep. Mmmmm~♪ This pink one is so good~!"
Ayaya's in ecstasy. The diet devotees look upon her with cold smiles.
Kagome: "Hu......!"
Mayuki: "Hu......!"
Ayaya: "Wh-why are you two smiling~!?"
She shivers from the cold.
They both put some of their cake onto Ayaya's plate.
Kagome: "Eat as much as you want......huhu."
Mayuki: "Go ahead, Ayaya-san. This one's cute too.......huhuhu."
Ayaya: "What's going on? Why does it feel so cold?"
Akihito: "I think you're fine as you are, Ayaya. So eat whatever you want......don't mind them."
Ayaya: "Oooh?"
Akihito: "I usually like sweets, but......I had way too much."
Kagome: "That was an incredible trap......"
Mayuki: "Auu......I'll have to eat gelatin for a while......"
We all got caught up in Ayaya's appetite and ate too much ourselves.
Ayaya rubs her stomach and smiles with satisfaction.
Ayaya: "Aaaah, I am so full~ Puha~ This place is great!Let's go again sometime!"
Akihito: "Not for a while......"
Ayaya: "Eeeh?Oh well!"
Akihito: "......wait, I have an earlier shift tonight. I'd better get going. We spent too long in there."
Ayaya: "......come to think of it, the stalker never showed up. I wonder what we did wrong. Probably the third wheels."
Kagome: "Did you say something?"
Ayaya: "Eh? Eheheheheh."
She laughs with a tense face.
Mayuki: "Are you sure it wasn't our overeating that did it......?"
Ayaya: "I'd think girls eating cakes is a relatively appealing sight."
Akihito: "Not that many at once......"
Akihito: "......Kagome?"
Kagome: "No one."
Kagome would know if we were being followed. I guess the stalker just isn't active today.
It'd be nice if he already gave up after Ayaya spotted him.
Akihito: "Then you're probably safe for tonight. Our plan failed, but I guess it worked out."
I tell Ayaya to call me if anything weird happens, then head to the business district where my job is.
Akihito: "Morning."
Tianwen: "There you are. Let's get to work."
A calm weekend. I wouldn't mind if days like this kept happening for a while.
====================阿弥谷04 ホーカスポーカス01.json====================
Evil is happening.
Evil can lurk anywhere, but it needs a suitable place to actually happen.
Mayuki: "............"
A cafe on the north side of town called Hocus Pocus.
Mayuki's a regular there. She enjoys her black tea by herself in the back of the calm shop. 
Waitress: "Welcome!"
Ayaya: "............"
Mayuki: "............"
Ayaya's here. Right on time.
Ayaya and Mayuki make eye contact silently. They look purposeful.
When Ayaya sits down opposite Mayuki, the waitress takes her order right away.
Waitress: "Welcome. What would you like?"
Ayaya: "Hmm......a cream soda, please."
Waitress: "Right away."
The waitress leaves. The two girls look around carefully, then lean toward each other.
They talk in quiet voices with their faces close together. The beginning of a plot.
Ayaya: "First off, let me thank you for agreeing to help."
Mayuki: "No need to thank me. I'm just doing this for the fun of it."
Ayaya: "I see.But that's still worthy of thanks. I need all the help I can get right now."
Mayuki: "............"
Ayaya sips her cream soda, then puts her hands together on the table. Her eyes narrow with a dull glow behind the shadow of her bangs.
Mayuki: "Since you asked for my help......is it safe to assume you're ready to stop hiding this? Ready to reveal it to the world?"
Ayaya: "You can see it that way if you want. But――"
Mayuki: "But?"
The table creaks slightly, raising the tension.
Drops of water slide down the side of the glass and disappear into the coaster. Ayaya pauses meaningfully.
Ayaya: "But I've been flying aimlessly so far, so it's not like I accomplished anything while I was hiding it. I'd probably be beaten down if I came out now."
Ayaya: "Which is why I wanted to talk to someone about it."
Ayaya: "I need to be certain......I can make this work."
Mayuki: "So you are prepared. You might not have another chance like this."
The extreme tension has tired them out, so they both lean back in their chairs and sigh.
Mayuki: "By the way, Ayaya-san."
Ayaya: "......what?"
Mayuki: "Can we talk normally?"
Ayaya's forehead quivers for a moment. Then she closes her eyes and breathes deeply.
Ayaya: "You're right~! It's just tiring trying to build tension like that!"
Mayuki: "For some reason, I started doing that with you."
Ayaya: "Aaah, well, you know, this is a special chance that won't come again!"
Ayaya: "Ayaya-san wants to do everything she can to get Senpai for good this time!"
Ayaya: "So Mayuki-chan, please help me any way you can~Please?"
Mayuki: "It seems weird asking someone younger than you for love advice."
Ayaya uses her long, narrow spoon to dig into the cream soda, munching on ice as they continue talking.
Ayaya: "But I've got nobody else to ask. Even I've had a few brief, casual relationships before."
Mayuki: "How casual are we talking?"
Ayaya: "Well, love letters, a confession, some dates. One of them got all the way to kissing me,but he didn't work out either."
Mayuki: "Very casual, then. Are you actually the fickle type, Ayaya-san?"
Ayaya: "I'm not sure. I usually date someone whenever they confess, but there's a lot you can't know until you try going out with them."
That statement reveals a lot.
Ayaya: "But Senpai doesn't seem that interested in me, or maybe he just doesn't see me as a potential mate......plus his "partner" is terrifying."
Mayuki: "That's very true."
Mayuki laughs as she watches Ayaya look around in fear.
Mayuki: "I could tell at the cake buffet that you were pretty serious about Akihito-san."
Mayuki: "We're both otaku girls battered by societal norms. I'll support you any way I can."
Ayaya: "Thank you, Mayuki-chan! If you ever fall in love I'll help you win him over!"
Mayuki: "Don't worry, I have no interest in 3D boys."
Ayaya exchanges a firm handshake with Mayuki while holding the spoon in her other hand. The A-M Alliance has been formed.
Ayaya: "So what should we do? Are there any trees or hills I could confess at which guarantee we'll be a happy couple?"
Mayuki: "I haven't heard of any, and we shouldn't rely on anything that insubstantial anyway."
Ayaya: "Oooh! Mayuki-chan's a realist despite being an otaku!?"
Mayuki: "Otaku have a lot of delusions, but they can be extremely pragmatic when they need to be."
Mayuki: "Now then, time for Mayuki's Love Advice Corner!"
Her glasses glint.
Mayuki: "First we should analyze the target's character. Ayaya-san, how would you describe Akihito-san?"
Ayaya: "Dependable! And kind! ......but a little cold. And only kind to girls."
Mayuki: "So he's an egotist pretending to be a feminist."
Ayaya: "Uwa, that's so mean......but true."
Mayuki: "This is my analysis of Akihito-san. He leans toward being an outlaw but can't commit to it, much like an early-stage otaku."
Mayuki: "Those people often seek out popular shows to bash, so they can take pride in how cool and individualistic they are."
Ayaya: "Aaah, that's so true. Then they get past that, realize most of the big hits are pretty good, and start actually enjoying the otaku lifestyle."
Mayuki: "Yes, yes. Essentially, this is because they don't want to pick the path with the least resistance. They want to resist what they've been given."
Mayuki: "So even if you confessed to Akihito-san and he said yes......"
Ayaya: "Senpai would still resist it, and wouldn't be very affectionate......"
Ayaya: "In that case......we need to make Senpai want to confess to me, don't we?"
Mayuki: "That would be ideal......but can we do that?"
Ayaya: "I can do it! I shall seduce him!"
Mayuki: "We'll need to engineer a lot of coincidences."
Ayaya: "And trigger all sorts of flags."
Mayuki: "Then he'll be on Ayaya's route."
Ayaya: "Oooh!"
They both raise their fists slightly.
Their otaku girl minds quickly come up with all sorts of desirable situations.
Mayuki: "First you need to run into him with bread in your mouth, then say "Oh no, I'm going to be late!""
Ayaya: "Then I need to make him eat my homemade nikujaga!"
Mayuki: "You might as well tie a ribbon around your head and call yourself a present for him."
Ayaya: "Yes! That's perfect, Mayuki-chan!"
Thus the two of them hammered out a detailed love plan.
They don't realize how unrealistic their plan is becoming. They're taking this completely seriously.
They finish plotting and leave the cafe.
The sky is bright red now. They've been chatting constantly this whole time.
Ayaya: "The Ayaya-Mayuki Alliance's Love Plan is about to begin!"
Mayuki: "Come to think of it, there's one other standard event we forgot to put in the plan."
Ayaya: "Standard!?"
Mayuki: "I call it, the Painful Jealousy Plot to Break Through Indifference! The idea is to let him see you dating some other guy, so his heart starts throbbing with longing and he realizes......"
Ayaya: "Oooh! That is standard!But......Ayayan has her heart set on Senpai, so dating another guy would be kinda......yeah."
Mayuki: "Do you have a younger brother or cousin you could go out with so it can look like a date but turn out to be a family outing?"
A tiny lightbulb appears over Ayaya's head.
Ayaya: "That might be doable......I'll try it!"
Mayuki: "Then after that, we can start the real plan."
Mayuki: "While you're executing the plan, we can communicate via text messages. I'll support you from the shadows."
Ayaya: "You're such a good friend, Mayuki-chan. Our army has already won. Wahaha!"
Mayuki: "Huhuhu!"
Ayaya and Mayuki grasp each other's hands. The A-M Alliance's Love Operation 01 begins.
====================阿弥谷04-05 アヤヤとダンディ.json====================
I walk Ayaya home from school, then head back to the station.
I have work tonight. Sadly, you can't eat if you don't work.
Akihito: "Uuoo!?"As I enjoy the solemn air of the evening city, an unexpected attack hits me.
Akihito: "Wh-what the hell――――"
There's a crepe place here that's really popular with the girls.
I just walked Ayaya home, but there she is running around a middle aged man like a bee around a flower.
Akihito: "A-a date!? With an older guy――!?"
A dandy man with long, flowing hair. Unlike young men with confidence and angst, he has charisma and authority. Is he targeting the microbody of an innocent high school girl!?
I feel like someone just punched me from behind.
Akihito: "......huh? Why do I feel that way?"
Ayaya: "Ah, Senpai!"
She runs over with her arms waving up and down.
Akihito: "O-oh, hi."
Ayaya: "I wasn't expecting to see you here."
Akihito: "Wait, didn't you just go home......?"
Ayaya: "Anyway, I was trying to catch you on your way to work so we could......"
Akihito: "......what?"
Ayaya: "Ah, no, it's nothing! Absolutely nothing!!"
She's acting suspicious.
Akihito: "Ayaya, you know there's a stalker after you, right......?"
Ayaya: "Ah, are you jealous?"
Akihito: "......what?"
Ayaya: "Ah, no, it's nothing! Absolutely nothing!!"
More suspicious behavior.
Kajou: "What is it? Do you know this man?"
Mister Dandy walks over to me.
Ayaya: "This is my uncle."
Akihito: "......yeah, that makes way more sense."
I didn't think Ayaya and a middle-aged man would be such a dangerous combination. It's almost as potent as tomato and mozzarella.
Ayaya: "This is Uncle Kajou. He's a big shot at a big research facility."
Kajou: "I'm Kajou Uehito. Call me Professor Kajou."
A smile brimming with confidence. He seems like the kind of man who sincerely believes the whole world lies in the palm of his hand.
Akihito: "Professor......"
Why do I know so many people like this?
Ayaya: "He's here for a couple days for work, so I'm showing him around my neighborhood."
Kajou: "For a genius, every second is worth its weight in gold. I'm quite sick of dealing with government buffoons who understand nothing."
Kajou: "Being shown around by my stupid but beloved niece is a far better use of a great genius's time.Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!"
This is the first time I've seen someone refer to themselves as "great."
Ayaya: "This is Mizuwa-senpai. The same Senpai that Ayaya is locked onto right now."
Akihito: "Umm, I'm Mizuwa......"
Kajou: "Oh no, Enishi, look at the time. We must set off for somewhere new!"
Ayaya: "Okay. My Uncle's really busy."
Ayaya: "So that's it for today! See you tomorrow!!"
She waves her hand energetically, and grabs her uncle's arm again. They leave in a hurry.
Akihito: "What is this strange feeling......?"
I'm not sure why, but my stomach feels a bit heavy.
====================阿弥谷04-05 四天王の挑戦02.json====================
Haru: "This is O-Haru-san. I'm currently doing something that prevents me from answering the phone. Tell me what you want after the beep~"
Prevents you from answering the phone......?
The Coμnet is still peaceful on the surface.
The rampage and defeat of Jack the Ripper must have put a stop to most of the violence.
There haven't been any rumors lately about beginner killers or other violent coμs.
Of course, whether it's peaceful or not, people still can't understand each other. There's always friction and trouble for us.
Second Heavenly King Connector: "Our avatar is Bamboocane! Black dragon, your legend ends tonight! Our sword will carve out a new legend of the Coμnet!"
Second Heavenly King Connector: "Prepare yourselves!"
The second of the mystery assassins sent us an old-fashioned letter challenging us to a duel.
A red, white and blue Ivanhoe looks down at us with a sword on its back.
Mayuki: "That's a pretty flashy avatar."
Benio: "Do you think he'll be any better than the last one?"
Izawa: "How should I know? It's the second one so I guess it should be stronger."
Benio: "......I meant if he would be less crazy."
Kagome: "Flies and mosquitoes have one thing in common. They're both pests."
To the witch these guys are no different from the insects falling to the ground near repellent.
Akihito: "The Coμnet's really peaceful, but these guys keep showing up."
Kagome: "They're probably bored because it's peaceful. Many members of the riffraff have pus in their brains."
The steel fantasies collide in Takakura's central park in the middle of the night.
Haru's missing again.Though I doubt we need her.
Izawa: "Let's have some fun with this guy before butchering him."
Izawa's probably just as bored as they are.
Second Heavenly King Connector: "Guwaaa!"
This time it took two hits to defeat them. Babylon punched it into the air, then knocked it aside with its tail.
The Ivanhoe lies motionless, its head embedded in the ground.
Izawa: "Ha! That was it!? At least last a few seconds. That wasn't even fun."
Babylon kicks the Ivanhoe one last time, as if to release some pent-up anger. Like the first guy, we carefully remove its limbs so it can't fight anymore.
Benio: "Hey, it can't move in that position, so do we really need to dismember it?"
Izawa: "We're making sure it can't come back to bother us again."
He's probably also getting some frustration out of his system.
Akihito: "It looked like a decently strong one though."
Mayuki: "We were probably being paranoid......or more likely, it's just showing off."
The leader of the second coμ wails as we take his avatar apart.
Second Heavenly King Connector: "D-damn you......! How could you defeat our Bamboocane like this......!"
Benio: "Same way we did last time."
Second Heavenly King Connector: "But there's still two more teams above us."
Mayuki: "Yes, yes, we know. Four kings and all."
Second Heavenly King Connector: "Uu......! Remember this~!"
His Friends: "We'll be back for you!"
They run away, crying. I almost feel sorry for them.
Akihito: "By the way, who are they?"
Kagome: "Probably distant cousins of some street gang."
Mayuki: "I hear there are some coμs setting up organized crime rings."
Benio: "What's the point of that?"
Mayuki: "They fight over territory, beat each other up, and have deep friendships. Or so I hear."
Akihito: "......sounds like something boys would enjoy doing."
Izawa: "This is good practice. There's still two left to play with."
Mayuki: "Fuwaaa......I'm tired."
Mayuki rubs her eyes and yawns.
Mayuki: "At least they're not hurting us, but still......hauu......I wish they'd do this during the day, or at least the evening."
Akihito: "You said it. I had plans tomorrow morning......"
The kings must have day jobs too, since they keep showing up just before the weekend. Reality is annoying.
Benio: "Oh yeah, how's Ayaya-chan? Mayu-Mayu told me you guys were helping her with a stalker or something."
Mayuki: "I'm Mayuki, not Mayu-Mayu......
huaaa."
Kagome: "Akihito is waiting for a chance to force his wretched desires on the kouhai that looks up to him."
Akihito: "No, I'm not! We were going on a fake date to lure out her stalker!"
Mayuki: "Must be so hard for you."
Even the four kings won't attack us when we want them to.
Izawa: "See you guys."
Akihito: "Ah, wait up. I'm tired and hungry, so how about we get some ramen before going home?"
Benio: "I'm in."
Kagome: "At this hour, only the place near the station will be open."
Izawa: "Hmph, if you insist."
Mayuki: "I'm tired, so I'll get a cab."
Mayuki bows and runs off down a well-lit street.
====================阿弥谷05 アヤヤのデート大作戦.json====================
Ayaya slaps her cheeks.
The weekend. Thus far, everything's gone according to plan.
The day of reckoning has come. Love Operation 01 is coming to an end.
Ayaya: "Let's go, Ayaya."
Her face is determined.
She puts a cream-filled roll in her mouth. She was going to use bread, but she felt like having a cream roll today.
Ayaya: "Mm!"
Face: Check. Clothes: Check. Shoes: Check. Other stuff: Check.She's all set.
Ayaya nods and rushes outside.
The weekend. Time for our second fake date.
We agreed to meet up outside Takakura station, so I head for the nearest station. I have plenty of time.
Kagome and Mayuki aren't around, so hopefully we can get the stalker's attention this time. If we can just figure out who's following her――
???: "Nnnyou-nnyooo!!"
Akihito: "Nowa!?"
Something rushes toward me at ferocious speed from around the corner!
I quickly evade it.
Ayaya: "Nooooooooooooooo!"
Turns out Ayaya was the one charging at me.
She keeps going and slams head-first into the nearest wall.
A loud thunk echoes through a tranquil neighborhood.
Ayaya: "Beh!"
Ayaya somersaults and then writhes on the ground. A cream roll slowly rolls up to her.
Akihito: "Ummm......what?"
Ayaya: "Uuu, euu......it's nofing. I juss......came for our date, Shenpai......"
Akihito: "O-okay......can you stand?"
Ayaya: "Yesh......you're so kind, Shenpai."
A car runs over her roll with a little squish noise.
The poor cream roll has gone to heaven.
Ayaya: "Aaah! My cream roll!"
Ayaya: "......n-no! Ayaya will not give up so easily! I'm not stupid enough to give up a once-in-a-lifetime chance over something like this!"
Akihito: "......did you hit your head?"
She is just as hyper at every time of the day, but right now her actions seem more unprovoked than usual.
Ayaya: "No!Just wait a moment. I must text someone......"
She charges into a wall, almost cries over a roll and now she's typing on her phone.
Ayaya: "Sent!"
When Ayaya sends it, a reply comes back almost immediately.
Ayaya: "Hmm, hmm......accidents are also a potential flag......
I see......"
Akihito: "Ayaya?"
Ayaya: "Yes! Accidents are flags too! Let's go, Senpai!"
Akihito: "O-okay?"
Ayaya: "Ha! That's right! I have something for you, Senpai."
She takes something out of her bag.
Ayaya: "Here it is!"
A nikujaga bentou from a convenience store. It's completely squashed after her impact a moment ago.
Akihito: "Okay......why?"
Ayaya: "So it was a bad idea not to make it myself......"
Akihito: "Should I eat this?"
Ayaya: "Y-yeah, for lunch or something!"
Akihito: "I see......I guess."
For lack of a better idea, I take the bentou with me.
Ayaya remained inexplicably twitchy all day long.
The plaza.
Akihito: "Hey......Kouhai."
Ayaya: "Yes! What is it, Senpai?"
Akihito: "I don't want to say this, but I kinda have to......it's a pain carrying this bentou around everywhere......"
Ayaya: "How could this be!? I wanted to make you happy but I caused you suffering!?"
Akihito: "Since you went to the trouble of getting it, I'll still eat it though......umm, Ayaya-san?"
She can't hear me at all, as if she's on a drug trip.
Ayaya: "Ha!That's right, I need to send more texts......"
Ayaya starts typing again. Her fingers compose a message like spider's legs, and a response arrives immediately.
Whoever she's texting is really focused on this.
Ayaya: "What's this? A nice, relaxing picnic in the park......"
Akihito: "I was hoping to find a nice, quiet place to eat this, so let's......"
Ayaya: "Let's go to the park! The park is lovely! There's tons of kids and sparrows and pigeons! We can have all the relaxing meals there!"
Akihito: "O-okay."
Ayaya clings to one of my arms, as I hold the bentou in the other. We should look like a couple. I wonder if the stalker will react to this.
Ayaya: "That's right, Senpai. Any other plans for your weekend? I'm totally free~......"
Akihito: "Ah, I have work."
Ayaya: "Th-then next month?"
Akihito: "Next month is gonna be really hot, so I'll probably just sleep."
Ayaya: "Uuu......"
Ayaya's limbs fall helplessly at her sides.
Ayaya: "I-I know, Senpai. The truth is, I'm......not wearing any underwear......"
Akihito: "No, I saw your underwear when you tripped earlier. You had stripes."
Ayaya: "Uu......"
She definitely hit her head.
Last time, we tried to go on a typical date but failed. This time we're in the central park on a weekend, which is the ultimate couple's zone.
It's a rather dense forest considering it's in the middle of the city.
Couples often do unseemly things here at night, and scary people do even more unseemly things.
There are also some rumors about monsters appearing around here late at night.
Akihito: "Are you sure it's okay for just me to eat this? If you don't have anything, we could go to a restaurant instead."
Ayaya only bought one bentou.
Ayaya: "Ayaya! I forgot! The cream roll is no longer of this world!"
Akihito: "Well, we've got nowhere else to go, so let's look for a restaurant."
Ayaya: "Time for a text! Advice please~......!"
She starts typing yet again. I didn't think she was that much of a texter.
Akihito: "Who have you been texting all this time?"
Ayaya: "Why Ma-......
Ma-......
Mama, of course! My mother!Aha, ahahaha."
Akihito: "Don't tell her we're on a date. They'll figure out you're staying with me."
Ayaya: "I didn't tell her anything. It's fine. It's fine~"
Ayaya laughs as sweat appears on her face for some reason. Then she gets a reply.
Ayaya's mom is a really fast typer. She was a very youthful woman, so maybe she and Ayaya are more like friends.
My mother is dead, and my father is always away on business. Eating dinner with my family is just an old memory now. Seeing a mother and child get along so well honestly makes me jealous.
Akihito: "Don't take your family for granted."
Ayaya: "Hmm, hmm......I buy a different kind of bentou,so we can exchange share parts of ours......
I see!"
Ayaya: "Senpai, wait just a moment! I'll be right back in no time!"
She sprints away. Clearly she hasn't learned her lesson from this morning's crash.
I have no idea why she's running that fast. A calligraphy club member who can compete with the track and field team. What a waste of leg strength.
Akihito: "Hopefully this crazy behavior will make the stalker less interested in her."
I brush off the dirt and sit down on a bench.
Akihito: "It would feel kinda weird just sitting here holding a bentou and staring into space......guess I should eat it."
I have loads of time.
I can just eat this while I wait for her to get back.
Ayaya: "Senpaiii~ I'm baaaaaack~~!Haa, haa, haa, haa, haa, haa, haa, haa!"
Akihito: "Welcome back."
Ayaya comes back covered in sweat and out of breath. Apparently she went to buy another bentou.
Ayaya: "Haa, haa......n-now let's swap our......
huh? Wherefore did Senpai's bentou go!?"
Akihito: "I felt like eating it instead of just sitting here holding it. Don't worry, I'll wait for you to eat yours."
Ayaya: "N-noooooo~......!"
Akihito: "What!? D-don't cry! Don't cry! Why are you crying!?"
Ayaya: "I failed again~! Forget this stupid bentou. You're worthless to me......!"
Akihito: "Wait, wait! Don't just throw it away! I'll wait for you to eat it!"
Ayaya: "Uuuu......I'm missing all the flags."
Ayaya is stricken with grief for some reason.
Ayaya: "*chew* *chew*......aaaah~ I wanted to buy a different bentou so we could swap things and act all lovey-dovey~"
Akihito: "Sorry about that. We can do that later."
Ayaya: "Okay~ Let's do it at school~"
She digs into her karaage bentou with a beaming smile.
She was crying a moment ago, but now she's smiling again. Ayaya's quick recoveries are one of her better features.
Ayaya: "I wanted to make the nikujaga myself too, but I slept in this morning......*munch!*"
Akihito: "Should we meet later in the day next time?"
Ayaya: "No, no! I wouldn't want to cut short a date with Senpai!"
Akihito: "You sure?"
Ayaya: "Eheh, eheh."
She fills her cheeks with karaage and smiles like a child. I want to stroke her head for some reason.
Even the people walking by gaze warmly at Ayaya as she eats.
It's kinda like walking past a cute dog.
Ayaya: "I did want to ask you something......*munch* What kind of food do you......
mmm!Mugu! ......nnn!?"
Something's stuck in her throat.
Ayaya's face starts getting paler, so I quickly give her the bottle of tea I was drinking.
Akihito: "Eat a bit slower, Kouhai-kun."
Ayaya: "Teheheh~ Ayaya Enishi's mind was on other things."
She drinks some tea and catches her breath, then all of a sudden she lifts the bottle into the air and acts shocked.
Ayaya: "Ha!? Wh-what did I......!?"
Akihito: "What's wrong?"
Ayaya: "That was an indirect kiss! Th-this is a huge flag!"
Akihito: "......just calm down and eat."
We spend the rest of the day walking through the park. A very typical date.
It's evening before we know it. Time just flew by today. Nothing really happened, but we were having fun.
Akihito: "Having fun......hmm."
The red sky. A nostalgic color, but not the dark, thick red from back then.
The glass around Takakura Station is shining a beautiful red.
We're savoring peace. Something you can only do when nothing's happening.
Akihito: "This seems like a good time to head home."
Ayaya: "Yeah."
We lock arms awkwardly, like a new couple.
Akihito: "Come to think of it, this is where I met your uncle the other day."
Ayaya: "Oooh, are you feeling jealous this time!?"
Akihito: "Why would I?"
Ayaya: "Ah, no, no, it's nothing!"
Akihito: "He was just so......how to say this......"
Ayaya: "Honestly, he's weird. But he's always been like that."
He probably wouldn't be happy if he knew his niece felt that way.
Ayaya: "He seems like the type to wander around exploring a lot."
Akihito: "He doesn't feel like a scholar at all. He should really get a machete and go explore the jungle."
Ayaya: "But we've been close for a long time. He always sends me strange things for my birthday."
Akihito: "Is that a good thing......?"
He must care deeply about her.
Akihito: "Mmm......"
......maybe I am a little bit jealous.
Ayaya: "In the end, that stalker never did show up."
She brings up our original goal, as if she only just remembered it.
Akihito: "Oh right, he didn't."
She nuzzles up next to me. It's not that romantic, but it's definitely cute.
Ayaya: "But I'm kinda grateful for him. I got to trigger three flags with Senpai today because he's stalking me!"
Akihito: "Too bad you can't call and thank him."
Ayaya: "Oh, that's right, my phone! I have to text her!"
Ayaya takes out her phone and starts texting again. She hasn't touched it for a while.
Ayaya: "I screwed up a lot, but it worked out in the end......there."
Akihito: "Your mom again?"
Ayaya: "Ah, eh, ah?Yes, that's right!Ahahaha!"
Ayaya cycles through a few different expressions before smiling casually.
====================阿弥谷06 出会いの頃の話.json====================
Ayaya: "Goooood morning! Where shall we go today, Senpai?"
Akihito: "School."
Kouhai runs toward me with girlish energy, and I metaphorically stop her.
Akihito: "Duh. It's a weekday, so we have class."
I meet her outside her house first thing in the morning. I'm walking her to school just in case the stalker's around.
Ayaya: "Gigigi......Ayaya won't give up yet.Fuafu......"
At first I thought she was joking, but she apparently really is tired.
Akihito: "Did you not get enough sleep?"
Ayaya: "I was trying to come up with more standard events, and I accidentally spent all night thinking about what would or wouldn't work."
She clings to one of my arms.
Ayaya's arm is thin and soft. It should feel somewhat arousing, but the mood isn't right for that.
Akihito: "Be sure to let go when we get close to school."
Ayaya: "Eeeh, don't say that! I was secretly plotting to give everyone the impression we're already together!"
Akihito: "It's not a secret now."
Ayaya: "Gaaaah!"
I head to school with the flabbergasted Ayaya.
Ayaya and I split up at the front gates.
I hum as I enter the classroom, and suddenly everyone surrounds me.
Takahashi: "Noooow, Mizuwa Akihito-kun!"
Takahashi is leading them. There's a few other boys behind him.
Akihito: "What's going on? The Spanish Inquisition!? I'm innocent!!"
Takahashi: "Huhuhu, huhuhu!"
Takahashi's evil laugh spreads to the other boys.
I'm half-expecting them to suddenly transform into aliens.
Akihito: "Enough with the creepy laugh. You're making me 30% more likely to vomit."
Takahashi: "Yeah right. Anyway, Mizuwa Akihito-kun. I saw it. We all saw it! Our eyes have beheld the hidden truth!"
Hidden truth? ......that's a fishy but sweet phrase.
Takahashi: "Yesterday, in the central park, we all saw you deepening your relationship with HER!"
Akihito: "In central park............you mean Ayaya?"
Takahashi: "Hmm-hmm-hm-hm-hmm♪"
I'm not sure why, but Takahashi skips while humming. I can't match the enthusiasm of a socially capable otaku.
Evidently, people saw my fake date with Ayaya the other day.
Akihito: "There's a long story behind that."
Takahashi: "What a typical excuse! Such a painful cliche! That is not what I want to hear. Why does it matter if there's a story behind your date?"
He rejects my explanation with demonic body language, twisting and wriggling around like a soft-bodied animal.
Akihito: "Listen to me."
Takahashi: "We're not blaming you for anything, Mizuwa. There were plenty of signs about you and that kouhai."
Takahashi: "If anything, I'm praising you. I believe you made a wise choice. Aaah, indeed you did."
Akihito: "......so what's your point?"
Takahashi: "I'm congratulating you."
Takahashi raises both hands like a magician. Scattered applause answers him.
Takahashi: "I'm saying you did well to choose that kouhai. She's right on your level."
I assume he means Kagome's above my level.Shut up. You're just Takahashi.
Takahashi: "I was sincerely worried about you, even though I envied you for having so many girls at your beck and call."
Akihito: "Is that your honest opinion?"
Takahashi: "I'm not sure if I should say this, but Mizuwa......well......most of those girls are seriously abnormal."
Kagome. Cat-senpai.
Abnormal is an understatement. When they see normal they proudly waltz in the other direction and drag me along with them.
Takahashi: "Compared to them, she's really cute. She may not have the same specs as Hinaori, but unlike her, she's the healing type."
The active, sociable and slightly overweight anime/idol otaku called Takahashi.He keeps crossing the line and coming back over and over.
The one thing I do respect is that he has the balls to refer to Hinaori by name.
Kagome is a tyrant. A lonely peak that can never be brought down.
My childhood friend always gets nicknames like "witch," "tyrant," or some other negative word.
Takahashi: "She's actually a pretty high-grade unit, considering she's short and has boobs."
Akihito: "......you watch too closely."
Takahashi: "Huhihi, do not underestimate my visual analysis! Anyway, we're here to celebrate your decision, Mizuwa. Everyone, another round of applause."
Akihito: "I told you it's not like that."
I clap too for the heck of it.
Suddenly, a chill runs down my spine.
Akihito: "――!?"
Takahashi: "Of course I'm supposed to punish those who attain real-life girlfriends, but......what's wrong?"
Someone definitely glared at me. A very sharp, cold glare. An icy beam only one specific person can emit.
I turn around.
Kagome: "............"
As I feared, Kagome's behind me, but she's not looking at me in particular. She's just gazing out the window, bored. Did I imagine that?
Just to be sure, I look at her again.
Kagome: ".................."
Still no sign of her looking at me.
Ayaya: "What are you doing for lunch, Senpai?"
Lunch break.
I have no bentou today, so I bought some bread in the cafeteria. Sweet bean bread, curry bread, and yakisoba bread. The holy trinity of school lunch breads.
Akihito: "What's up?"
Ayaya: "I thought we should eat together, per your promise the other day!"
Ayaya: "We can't swap anything if you don't have a bentou, but I happened to prepare a few extras today, so we can split them."
Akihito: "Okay. Let's go to the roof."
Ayaya: "Yes! Let's!"
During lunch, the roof is a popular spot.
The good benches are all taken, so I sit down next to the fence.
Ayaya: "I shall join you!"
Ayaya sits next to me. I don't mind that, but she's so close our shoulders are almost touching.
Akihito: "You're kinda in the way."
Ayaya: "That's because I'm trying to show off how much love I have! A boyfriend and girlfriend have to touch each other twenty-four seven."
Akihito: "You know being that eager about everything tends to get you in trouble, right?"
Ayaya: "Gah!I do understand that, but it's kind of an instinct......"
She wriggles and glances up at me like a small animal. It's not really that bad seeing her express her affection like this.
Ayaya: "Mmmmm, Ayaya has recovered!"
Ayaya: "Now now, let's first open the bentous. Tamagoyaki, salmon grilled with salt, and octopus wieners. Ayaya put a lot of effort into this today~!"
She thrusts two bentous in front of me, both of them a little too big for Ayaya herself.
Akihito: "Wow, this really looks good."
Ayaya: "Aaah......well,but......it's nowhere near what Hinaori-senpai can make...... As a girl, I was quite shocked by her."
Akihito: "It's Kagome. You can't compete with her."
Some things in this world can't be changed through hard work. Nothing can match the speed of light. Likewise, humans can't match the witch.
Ayaya: "Ah, Senpai and Hinaori-senpai are legendaries, right?"
Akihito: "Legendary whats?"
Ayaya: "Perfect childhood friends. Living together since you were really small, closer than friends, more deeply connected than lovers. That kind of relationship!"
Akihito: "We are childhood friends, but we're not that close. I moved here, remember?"
Ayaya: "Ah, yeah, you're right. You did say something about that the first time you saved me."
Ayaya: "Huh? Wait a......how does that work? Hinaori-senpai was born here, right?"
―――I remember the past.
That day, in the white castle on the hill, I learned that some things are so beautiful they're terrifying.
The first edge of the world I ever met was a gorgeous princess.
Akihito: "Pretty much."
I fold my arms behind my head and lean against the fence.
There's a vapor trail overhead, running diagonally across the bright blue sky.
Akihito: "I used to live here, but I had to move away for my dad's job."
Ayaya: "You never told me that before. Tell me more......I want to know everything about you, Senpai......please?"
Akihito: "It's not really that interesting."
I don't talk about my past that often, but for some reason I feel like it today.
Akihito: "I met Kagome when we were very young, and we were still living in Takakura City. Have you heard of her family? They were insanely rich."
Ayaya: "......Hinaori-senpai kinda seems like a real-life anime character."
Akihito: "The Hinaoris were pretty famous in Takakura, right? She was their only daughter. Normally someone like me would never run into her."
Ayaya: "The Hinaori family......"
Akihito: "They had a huge house up on the hill, but according to Kagome they sold it and moved somewhere else."
Ayaya: "I see......"
Akihito: "I was a fearless child, so I snuck into it once."
Akihito: "Then I got lost inside......which was really stupid. Why did they make the place so big anyway?"
Akihito: "After wandering aimlessly for a while, I ended up in front of what looked like a castle, and Kagome was there."
A princess in a white dress, in a white castle. She was more beautiful than anything I'd ever seen before, and that was so scary I couldn't take another step.
Ayaya: "That really does sound like the start of an anime......"
Akihito: "That's seriously how it happened."
Akihito: "Back then, Kagome......really was like a princess."
Akihito: "I wanted to crouch down, but somehow......I just couldn't move, and then......Kagome came up to me......"
Akihito: "And......"
Ayaya: "And......?"
Akihito: "..................she punched me in the face as hard as she could."
My nose started bleeding! And I fainted!
Ayaya: "Huh?"
Kagome: 
（―――Die, intruder.）
She spat out those words after KO-ing me. I'll never forget Kagome's eyes that day.
Akihito: "I lost consciousness, and when I woke up I was inside their mansion. Kagome threatened me a lot, and I cried."
Akihito: "That's how we met."
Akihito: "After that, the Hinaoris let me visit their place whenever I wanted to play with their daughter."
Ayaya: "Ha-hawa......a real-life legend......"
Ayaya's eyes shrink, making her look like a nearsighted girl who's lost her glasses. She remains confused.
Akihito: "What are you doing?"
Ayaya: "Ayayayayaya~~~"
Ayaya: "Th-that's your bond! The forever unbreakable bond between Senpai and Hinaori-senpai!"
Akihito: "Don't say something so scary!"
I really want to cry now.
Akihito: "Anyway, I spent loads of time with Kagome before I moved away. Usually she just made me do whatever she wanted, and caused me all sorts of grief......"
I get the feeling it's not that different now. Though maybe there's a subtle difference.
Ayaya: "Eh? But you moved away, right? So......why is Hinaori-senpai still living next door to you?"
Ayaya: "Were you in contact the whole time you were away!?"
Akihito: "No, not that."
I didn't send Kagome a single e-mail after leaving Takakura City.
I had a lot going on at the time.
Ayaya: "So it was a coincidence......?You don't mean...it was real-life fate!"
Akihito: "Don't say such scary things!"
I feel like vomiting blood this time.
Akihito: "......well, yes, it was a coincidence that we met up again."
Akihito: "I bumped into her at the station a short while after coming back."
Akihito: "Kagome must've wanted to enslave me again or something, because......"
Akihito: "Two days later she moved into a room two doors down from me."
Ayaya: "Howa......?"
Akihito: "Rich people are scary."
It's sad how many things are possible with enough money or violence.
Moving overnight is probably easy for someone with the money and power of the Hinaori family.
Ayaya: "But why go to that much trouble......? Doesn't that mean Hinaori-senpai loves you, Senpai......?"
Akihito: "......Kagome? No way."
I wave my hand at her, as if scoffing at the very notion.
Ayaya: "Umm, Senpai......you really shouldn't ignore these possibilities. You're not one of those clueless romcom manga protagonists."
Ayaya: "I think Hinaori-senpai is head over heels for you. It's just the way she shows it is slightly
......very......extraordinarily odd? Anyway, there has to be a reason she acts that way!"
Ayaya: "It's just not fair for you to completely ignore that!!"
Akihito: "............"
Ayaya's leaning forward as she tells me this.
Hinaori Kagome. My childhood friend. She refers to herself as "dere dere," and calls herself my "partner" because I'm not good enough to be her fiance.
Akihito: "......that would mean she's your rival though. Are you really in a position to be helping her out?"
Ayaya: "Gyaaa! Why did I do that!!?"
The hamster made a critical strategic blunder. She rolls around on the roof.
Akihito: "............well, I'm not worried."
She doesn't answer, but she does react. The hamster stops rolling on the spot.
Akihito: "Even in the unlikely case that everything you just said about Kagome is true, still......"
Ayaya: "What is it? She's not your cousin once-removed, is she!?"
Ayaya: "Do not fear! Even real cousins can have relationships!!"
What is she talking about?
Akihito: "There's nothing like that going on."
Akihito: "It's not that......Kagome's been like that forever."
Ayaya: "When you say "like that"......
this is a bit rude, but......you mean how she's arrogant, domineering, selfish, and looking down on everyone?"
Akihito: "She's also willfully ignorant of what is and isn't appropriate or ethical."
Ayaya: "Uwa, that's harsh."
The black witch―――She never breaks, rusts, or bends. A sharp, hard blade to cut through the world.
Akihito: "......well, nowadays......"
She's even less concerned about other people than she used to be.
Akihito: "I actually laughed when I met her after moving back here. She hadn't changed at all. Not even the tiniest bit."
Akihito: "So......I can't see her that way. Kagome will never be like that."
Ayaya: "I'm not sure what you mean."
A sky too high for me to reach. I follow a plane's vapor trail with my eyes. It flies off into the distance, farther than I can see.
Akihito: "......like they say, sparrows can't understand what it's like to be a swan."
There's a show I used to watch a lot as a kid. My dad had it on DVD.
It was about a silver superhuman from another dimension.
He had abilities beyond human comprehension, and helped humanity out of several predicaments, like an adult protecting a young child.
But in the last episode, he was defeated by the final enemy.
That enemy was even more powerful than the superhuman, but humanity managed to defeat it with their collective knowledge. Afterward, they said goodbye to the superhuman, and thanked him.
At that age, I found the beautiful farewell scene depressing. Even superhumans can lose.
Akihito: "......even though I don't understand her, I still want her to keep flying as high as she can."
―――I remember the red color.
I recall it rusting on her legs.
A red boundary drawn before my eyes. Once I stepped across it, I shrunk back in fear at the world's true form. I locked that drawer and came home to rust away in peace.
Akihito: "I can't spend all my time on an idiot who won't make up her mind......you know?"
Ayaya: "......somehow......Ayaya feels......overcome with something......"
She's dejected now.
Akihito: "Oh, I'd better finish this bentou before lunch ends."
Ayaya: "Yeeeees~............"
I hurriedly eat the rest of it.
Kururi: "Onya, Aki-chan, feeling better?"
Akihito: "Howa............?"
I must've fallen asleep. Kururi's smiling in front of me.
Akihito: "......ah, Senpai-sama, were you eating here too?"
Kururi: "Aaaah? Lunch ended ages ago, you fool."
Everyone else is gone. The roof now has the solitude and tranquility it always does during class.
Akihito: "I fell asleep......"
Kururi: "And quite erotically?"
Akihito: "Huh......?"
There's a weight on my shoulder.
Ayaya is sleeping next to me, with her head on my shoulder.
Akihito: "Uwa, we slept straight through class......crap, and Takahashi might realize we're both missing fifth period......"
Kururi: "Such a disgrace to the student body."
Akihito: "We're probably taking after you."
Obviously, the creature in front of me is cutting class on purpose.
Akihito: "What to do......"
I could wake her up, but she's fast asleep, and I think she said she didn't get enough sleep.
Ayaya's nowhere near as noisy when she's asleep. Right now, she's just a delicate girl.
Her breath as she sleeps. Her hair, clear in the spring sun. Her smooth skin.
When I look at her closely, she really is just a girl.
Akihito: "............"
Kururi: "Hihihi, friends with benefits."
Akihito: "......don't make up things like that."
Kururi: "I seem to be a third wheel, so Kururi-chan will go sunbathe somewhere else for today."
Akihito: "Stop assuming things, you werecat......!"
Kururi-senpai goes "hihihi" once more before heading back down the stairs.
I rub my tired eyes.
I look up at the bright sky as I listen to Ayaya breathe in her sleep.
====================阿弥谷07 ホーカスポーカス02.json====================
Evil is still running rampant today.
Each individual piece is quite small, but put two together and you get mischief.
Mayuki: "Mischief......that might not be the best word choice."
Ayaya: "............that's not the problem right now."
A cafe on the north side of town called Hocus Pocus.
The A-M Alliance is plotting once again.
Ayaya: "I wasn't expecting this much damage............"
Ayaya was hit hard. Normally she's as resilient as dried seaweed, so this is exceptional for her.
Mayuki: "From what I heard, it sounded like that date went pretty well."
Ayaya: "But an unexpected ambush......unya, I guess it wasn't that unexpected......"
Mayuki: "Indeed. But we couldn't have known about that......"
Mayuki: "I had no idea she would be such a powerful foe."
The A-M Alliance has seen Kagome as their archenemy from the beginning.
If it comes down to an objective physical comparison, Ayaya has no chance. Kagome has a gaze of ice, the hands of a demon and the legs of an ostrich. Plus her face and curves are flawless.
Mayuki: "Don't tell anyone, but her personality is very difficult......"
Ayaya: "It's fine. Everyone knows that already."
That's why she was hoping she still had a chance.
Mayuki: "She's probably completely aware of it, but she has no desire to fix it."
Mayuki: "And she is his childhood friend......so she's already conditioned Akihito-san for this. We should've considered that possibility."
Ayaya: "A childhood friend and a neighbor......uuu, that already makes her a shoe-in......"
Kagome has some big advantages, which seem even bigger in their otaku brains.
They're both thinking they might lose at this rate.
Ayaya: "Hmmmm......let's think up a new plan, Mayuki-chan!"
Mayuki: "You're right, Ayaya-san."
They hold up their right arms. The A-M Cross.
Ayaya's eyes are burning with fire.
Normally Ayaya only does what she knows she can do, but this time she's trying to achieve something she doesn't know if she's capable of.
Mayuki: "First, we need more information."
Ayaya: "All the Senpai information I gave you wasn't enough?"
Mayuki: "Nope. So it's time for Mayuki's Love Advice Corner!"
Her glasses glint.
Mayuki: "I presume you're familiar with this, Ayaya-san, but being "moe" is more about nailing a specific look than getting a lot of little things right."
Ayaya: "Nailing a specific look......"
Mayuki: "Not just any swimsuit, but the old high school kind. Not just any maid outfit, but the ones with long, dark skirts. Not just any PE uniform, but the ones with dark red bloomers that have two lines down each side."
Mayuki: "Each man has their own individual preferences like that."
Ayaya: "I-I see!"
They both have some very strange views on romance.
Mayuki: "You don't have enough information to pin that down yourself, Ayaya-san, so we need a source of intel who's even closer to Akihito-san......"
They could come up with another plan to trigger a bunch of flags, but instead they conclude they need more information on the protagonist.
Ayaya: "Doesn't that mean Hinaori-senpai......?"
Mayuki: "Yes. I think we need a third person to help us. Someone who knows Akihito-san very well, but who would be willing to join us."
Ayaya: "Then......there is Takahashi......no, he doesn't seem that useful. Wait, that's it!"
Ayaya bangs on the table.
Ayaya: "There's a perfect candidate."
Mayuki: "Oooh?"
She's known the target for a long time, has a different way of thinking, and feels like a secret weapon incarnate――
She couldn't be better.
Ayaya: "Kururi-chan-senpai!!"
Mayuki: "Kururin-senpai......? I know her name, but......she's that manga-like person who everyone thought was dead a while ago, right? And she turned out to be alive after Akihito-san looked into it?"
Back then they were very busy dealing with Jack the Ripper, though Mayuki can't really explain that to Ayaya.
Ayaya: "Yes. That's the super-detective."
Mayuki: "Super-detective......"
Ayaya: "And she meows a lot."
Mayuki: "Meows......?"
Ayaya: "Anyway, she's the perfect choice in this situation!"
Mayuki: "All right, if you say so. I'll ask more when we talk to her."
Ayaya: "Yeah, I'll call her right away!"
She immediately calls for reinforcements.
They drink juice for a while as they wait for the secret weapon to arrive.
Kururi: "Here I am."
Ayaya: "We've been waiting."
Mayuki: "So you're Kururin-senpai? I'm told you're our secret weapon. Pleased to meet you."
Ayaya and Mayuki bow to Kururi.
Kururi: "So who's this?"
Ayaya: "Mayuki-chan. She's helping me develop a plan for Senpai. We're the A-M Alliance."
Mayuki: "Hi. I'm Yuubana Mayuki."
Kururi: "I'm Semimaru Kururi, super-detective. The super is super-important. Call me Kururi-chan-sama."
Mayuki: "That doesn't make sense, but okay. Call me Mayuki-chan."
Kururi hands out a few business cards, and they shake hands.
After the greetings, Ayaya and Mayuki start explaining the secret plan to Kururi.
Kururi: "I seeee......"
Kururi smiles like a Cheshire cat.
Ayaya: "Do you know anything we could use?"
Kururi: "At times like this, the first thing we need to do is review the situation."
Kururi: "Kururi-chan last spoke to Aki-chan up on the roof after lunch today."
Ayaya: "Oya, you were there Chan-senpai?"
Kururi: "You were snoring, Ayaya-chan. But he didn't seem to mind."
Kururi: "He was definitely interested."
Ayaya & Mayuki: ""Oooooh!""
Kururi chuckles as the other two applaud. Being praised puts her in a good mood.
Ayaya: "But the enemy is strong, and has an army of androids~"
Kagome's not the only rival. Not by a long shot.
Kururi: "......so you need to follow up on this success right away."
Kururi starts smoking an invisible pipe.
Mayuki: "Should we try something bold?"
Ayaya: "I'm good at full-frontal assaults!"
Kururi: "Ah, sorry, this is one of my regulars."
The conversation halts just as it was getting excited.
The super-detective leaves to take her call, like a salaryman who just got paged.
Ayaya: "She really does have regulars."
Mayuki: "The world has a lot we don't know about."
Kururi comes back, and they pick up where they left off.
Kururi: "Aki-chan and Kagome-chan have known each other for a long time, but nothing's ever happened between them. Why do you think that is?"
Ayaya: "Weeeeeell~......"
Ayaya hesitates to say it out loud, so Kururi does it for her.
Kururi: "Kagome-chan's a witch, and her personality's terrible."
Mayuki: "Saying that aloud takes a lot of guts."
Mayuki: "Still, it does seem like their bond is stronger than we initially thought."
Mayuki: "What about this? Maybe he wants to stay just friends, and won't ever cross that line himself......"
Ayaya: "Yes, yes, that's how childhood friends always work!"
Kururi: "According to Kururi-chan's analysis, Aki-chan might be more interested in a girl who will depend on him, rather than someone like Kagome who's totally self-sufficient."
Ayaya: "That's right, he does claim to be a feminist. Ho-hooo, your years of experience are invaluable!"
Ayaya: "Hau!"
A Kururi chop hits Ayaya's cranium.
Kururi: "......I'll hit you. Harder than that."
Ayaya: "That was already a really hard chop......b-but!"
Ayaya: "Doesn't that mean Ayaya's already in a good position, because I'm always depending on Senpai for things!?"
Ayaya recovers in about a second, then clenches her fist as her face lights up. Mayuki gives her a cold glance.
Mayuki: "Maybe the fact that nothing fazes you is a problem."
Ayaya: "Oooooh!?"
Kururi: "Faux feminists like him like to assume all girls are weak and feeble creatures."
Ayaya: "Which means......our next plan should be......!"
The three of them speak in unison.
Ayaya & Mayuki & Kururi: """A feeble girl operation......!!!"""
They leave the cafe with smiles on their faces, convinced the plan will succeed.
Ayaya: "Thank you for your help, Mayuki-chan, Kururi-senpai."
Mayuki: "I'll be right behind you."
Kururi: "It's not bad helping out a kouhai once in a while."
The three of them grasp each other's hands. The A-M-K Alliance is born.
Mayuki: "And one other thing. It's probably a good idea to......keep a strong mental image of ordinary life."
Ayaya: "Ordinary life......?"
Mayuki: "Yes. He's like the protagonist in a school battle story, so the heroine who symbolizes a normal life is the one he wants to go back to when his last battle is over!!"
Ayaya: "O-okay, that makes sense!Though he's not really the protagonist of anything."
Mayuki: "......it's not quite that simple."
It's tough not being able to tell Ayaya anything.
Kururi: "Ordinary life......"
They all feel strangely solemn now.
Then the three of them look up. As usual, the shops on the north side have a slightly foreign look that the younger generation quite likes.
The sun is setting. Maybe that's why they feel sentimental.
Five years ago, something happened to this city. A series of terrorist attacks dominated the news for seven days.
There was no ordinary life back then. They lost many, many things.
Much of that feeling has disappeared now. That's why this city is peaceful.
Mayuki: "Anyway, I'm rooting for you."
She shakes off the past with a bright voice.
Kururi: "Good luck, Ayaya-kyun."
Ayaya: "Yes! Thank you! Thank you so much! See you later~!"
She feels like it'll actually work this time. The stalker doesn't even cross her mind as she heads home.
Ayaya: "I need to ask Senpai on a date."
She gets off at the bus stop closest to her house.
On the short walk back, she takes out her phone.
She turned it off earlier so she could focus on the meeting with Mayuki.
Ayaya: "I wonder when he'll want to do that."
Ayaya: "............hm?"
Her eyes stop on her phone. The black, unpowered display shows a clear reflection of her face.
―――And of someone else behind her.
Ayaya: "Uwa......he's here......!"
The stalker she completely forgot about is only ten meters behind her.
Now she remembers being followed that night.
Her knees are shaking. She mustn't run. She can't risk provoking him.
She knows that, but she can't stop herself from walking faster.
Ayaya: "Uuuuu......he's right behind me......
and Senpai's house is too far away......"
During the date she said she was thankful for the stalker, but she's still afraid of him.
Ayaya: "Th-that's right."
She holds up her phone again and turns it on.
She casually lowers her hand and points the phone's camera toward the stalker. If she can just get a picture of him......
Ayaya: "Mm......!"
She grinds her teeth and presses the button.
Ayaya's only ever used the camera in a noisy classroom, so she completely forgot about the noise it makes.
Ayaya: "!!"
It sounded surprisingly loud in the dark residential area. It even had the flash on.
Stalker: "You took a picture!? You took a picture!! I saw that!!"
Ayaya: "Hiii!? Pirorin, pirori-rori-rorin!"
Stalker: "I know you took one~~~!!"
Ayaya: "Ayaaaaaaa!!!!"
She runs away.
Ayaya: "I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry help help help help me――"
She bites her tongue and something catches in her throat, so only her hoarse breath comes out. The sound of footsteps is right in her ear.
He's coming.
He's coming.
He's coming.
Are those really footsteps? She just feels like something's coming, like fingers are approaching the back of her neck.
She moves her legs, unable to think, almost crying.
Her mind goes red.
She has to run away. Faster. Faster.
By the time a bicycle comes around the corner in front of her, Ayaya's on the verge of fainting.
Officer: "What's wrong!?"
A blue uniform. A simple bike.
Ayaya: "Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Mr. Patrolmaaaan!!"
Ayaya: "Please help meeeee!!!"
She clings to him.
That was one of the police officers patrolling around her house because of Akihito's report.
She was taken to the nearest police station and asked about tonight's incident.
Nothing bad happened because she bumped into him, but that was pure luck.
The man had already run away. Ayaya's picture only showed his legs.
Officer: "Try to walk home with a friend after dark."
Ayaya: "Ah, yes! I will, I definitely will!"
Despite all of that, Ayaya still recovers quickly.
Ayaya: "Ufyufyufyu......now I've got a perfect excuse for dating Senpai......!"
Officer: "Umm, are you okay?"
Ayaya: "Ufyufyufyu......ufyufyufyufyu."
Officer: "Hello......?"
Ayaya: "Ufyufyufyufyu......!"
The A-M-K Alliance's Love Operation 02 has begun.
====================阿弥谷07-08 四天王の挑戦03.json====================
The roof of a building far from the city center. It's a good place to fight.
Tonight we fight the third group. The third of the Four Heavenly Kings brushes his long bangs aside, showing a confidence neither of the previous two had.
Third Heavenly King Connector: "Huhu, I see you've beaten the other two, but don't get overconfident. I'll show you just how foolish that would be."
Third Heavenly King Connector: "Those two groups were merely tests of your abilities. Disposable pawns, you might say."
Third Heavenly King Connector: "The black dragon is a legend in the Coμnet. One must put significant effort into bringing it down......"
Izawa: "......shut up."
Izawa's getting bored.
Izawa: "Can I hit him yet? I hate guys who ramble on like that."
Akihito: "Let's let him finish. No need to rush this."
As Kagome once said, humans aren't equipped to look directly at the world.
Thus, the worlds we can see are mere interpretations. Fairy tales, like the stories we read before going to sleep. There are as many worlds as there are people.
Third Heavenly King Connector: "You were more powerful than we expected. It's unusual for those two to go down so easily――However."
Third Heavenly King Connector: "We're different. Black dragon―――We know all your weaknesses now! Learn the terror of our avatar, Pineneedle!"
However―――
This gentle world exists regardless of any of our interpretations. It keeps going, ignoring all of them.
You may be the king of your own world, but others may not respect that.
Man: "Guwaaa!!"
Izawa: "You're no different from the last two!!"
As we feared, the third king is just as weak as the others. The great strategist king was blown away by a single punch from Babylon. 
Akihito: "No amount of planning can make up for being a weakling."
Kagome: "You're starting to learn how the world works, Akihito."
Kagome comes along every time we get challenged. Maybe she considers this a decent time-killer.
Third Heavenly King Connector: "Th-that cannot be......! Pineneedle should be invincible......!"
He clings to his Caspar, his legs giving way as he howls.
Kagome: "Oooh, you said something different when you lost. Not bad."
Benio: "......I don't think that's making him feel any better."
Third Heavenly King Connector: "You are clearly far stronger than we imagined if you can defeat Pineneedle......but!"
Mayuki: "The strongest of the four kings will surely defeat us, wahahahaha,right?"
Third Heavenly King Connector: "Ah......right."
After Mayuki steals his line, Izawa threatens him.
Izawa: "If the last guy's just as weak I'm killing all of you!!"
Man: "Gyawa......uu! If only I had more data!"
His Friends: "You haven't won yet!"
He made such a grand entrance, but now he's running away in shame. I feel for him.
Akihito: "That's three down."
Mayuki: "So the next group should be the last."
Mayuki: "Being the last one is always a bit awkward. They'll either be the strongest, or a complete letdown."
Izawa: "Only one more to play around with."
Kagome: "You sound disappointed, titmouse."
Izawa doesn't answer.
Girl A gave us power, but no objective to use it for. Thus, we all look for ways to use it.
Benio: "We could try to fight for justice with it......"
Mayuki: "But avatars draw a lot of attention, and these days every sighting gets plastered online in no time. It'd be difficult to fight without people noticing."
There aren't many ways for a hero to fight without gathering attention, and the options that are left may disappear entirely someday.
Akihito: "If we really want more to do, why not talk to Nanase-san?"
Izawa: "Running errands for her again? That's stupid. If you wanna do that, go do it by yourself."
Akihito: "Even the Round Table is getting more active these days. She texts me a lot about how much that worries her."
Benio: "You and Nanase-san are text friends......?"
Mayuki: "Don't underestimate the chivalrous hero. Mister Gentleman. He probably has a "tell me your phone number" beam."
Kagome: "Hmph."
Akihito: "......we're just friends, okay?"
I defend myself, but society is harsh. By the way, Haru's absent yet again.
She answered her phone this time, but she couldn't be bothered to come as long as we could take care of it ourselves.
Benio: "That's it! I've got it!"
Suddenly, Benio leaps up.
Izawa: "Aan? What is it?"
Benio: "Their avatar names! Sugarplum, Bamboocane, and Pineneedle!"
Mayuki: "......umm, plum, bamboo and pine trees? What about them?"
Benio: "Those are the Three Friends of Winter!Uwaa, that's so original. I always see fire, earth, wind and air in manga, but no one's done those trees before!"
Akihito: "Umm, it's not that original......"
I wonder who thought that was a good idea.
Kagome: "There's a lot we can compliment when it comes to those idiots."
Izawa: "Those names are as dumb as they are."
Mayuki: "But that's only three trees, right? What about the fourth one?"
Akihito: "That was bugging me......"
Benio: "You're right. I really wanna know now......!"
Kagome: "That is surprisingly intriguing......"
The four of us nod in unison, but no one has an answer.
Izawa: "......enough of this. I'm going home."
Akihito: "Wait, we should get some food first."
Benio: "You're right. At this hour......probably a family restaurant."
Mayuki: "I'd like some low-calorie eastern cuisine tonight."
Kagome: "I look forward to your final adversary."
Akihito: "I guess I kinda do."
Izawa: "Keh!"
That night, we all ate out together.
====================阿弥谷08 アヤヤの告白.json====================
Early morning. I head for Ayaya's place again. Strangely, Kagome's with me.
Kagome: "Not a bad choice."
Akihito: "......what? Are you taking Takahashi's nonsense seriously?"
Kagome: "You seem oddly satisfied with this situation."
Akihito: "You mean Ayaya clinging to me? I'm fine with that. She's cute."
A noisy kouhai always running around me. I feel happy when I watch Ayaya doing that.
Kagome: "Your tastes are too low-brow, Akihito."
Ayaya's house.
I can see her waving through the window. I hear her footsteps as she runs over. It's not normal to be this lively in the morning.
She swings her arms around so much I wonder if she'll take off like a helicopter.
Ayaya: "Senpai~~
......wait.Uuoh!"
Kagome: "Kouhai."
Ayaya: "Hinya-......Hinyaori-senpai!!"
Akihito: "Don't be so shocked. We're here to escort you."
Kagome: "Don't be afraid or I'll kill you."
Akihito: "......don't do that."
Ayaya: "This must be what a frog feels like when a snake glares at it.But I'm glad you came for me, Senpai!"
Akihito: "It's not that big a deal. Besides, they haven't caught that stalker, so you're still in danger, right?"
Ayaya: "Th-that's right! That stalker was here yesterday!"
Ayaya: "So after I went out last night, I was kinda sad on the way home."
Ayaya: "It was really scary when he started chasing me. Thankfully, there was a policeman patrolling nearby."
So he hasn't given up yet. I've heard Mayuki's fangirls are long gone, but I guess real stalkers are a lot more persistent.
Kagome: "You're the one who went outside. Just lock yourself in your room, tremble with fear, and shitpost on some image board."
Ayaya: "I don't wanna do that~~~"
Akihito: "......sorry, I should've been there."
Akihito: "This is bad though. We can't really tell you to never leave your house, or get anyone to guard your front door twenty-four hours a day......"
Ayaya: "No no, you don't need to apologize, Senpai. Hinaori-senpai's right. I'm the one who went outside.Sooo~......"
Despite Kagome's presence, Ayaya wraps her arms around mine.
Ayaya: "Why don't we go on another fake date to lure the culprit out once and for all~!?"
Akihito: "......that's true, we should do that again."
Might as well try to make up for not being able to help her last night.
Kagome: "Did that dog let the scum get away?"
Ayaya: "He was long gone by the time the patrolman showed up."
Kagome: "Akihito hasn't seen him. I haven't seen him. The police haven't seen him."
Kagome: "Does that stalker even exist?"
Akihito: "Come on, why the hell would Ayaya make up so――......"
Kagome: "She has a reason."
She points to Ayaya, still clinging to my arm. Is she seriously claiming Ayaya would lie about that to get close to me?
No, no, no way.Even if that is what she's doing, I'd be honored that she's going to such lengths.
Ayaya: "Actually, I took a picture of Stalker-san last night.That's why he started chasing me in the first place......"
Ayaya holds out her phone, showing us a dark, blurry picture of a man's legs.
Akihito: "......this doesn't show anything."
Kagome: "It's not much."
Ayaya: "I was trying to get a shot without turning around......"
Kagome: "It'd be trivial to fake a picture like this."
Akihito: "She wouldn't do that."
Kagome: "How can you be sure?"
Akihito: "This Kouhai isn't smart enough to think of that."
Kagome: "I can't argue with that."
Ayaya: "So mysterious! I have no idea if I'm being defended or mocked!"
Akihito: "Defended. Definitely defended. Anyway, let's go."
I stroke Ayaya's head and we go to school.
Ayaya: "So, when should we go on that date?"
Akihito: "This weekend."
Ayaya: "Yes!"
Kagome: "............"
Two blocks away from the main street, Izalone lies underneath a run-down office building.
I begin tonight's labor.
Tianwen: "Have to put bread on the table somehow."
The bar is empty today, even though it's a weekend. Not a good day for business.
Tianwen: "Sadly, there's no work to do."
He pretends to sob.
Akihito: "Ah, speaking of which, can I take a later shift tomorrow? I have some plans this weekend."
Tianwen: "Oh, a date?I'm so jealous. It's so scary. It's absolutely terrifying."
Akihito: "......no, it's not."
Tianwen: "No, no, love is beautiful but sometimes terrifying. Just as dangerous as gold, and similarly noble......"
Akihito: "Did you eat something weird?"
The Owner is acting very strange behind the counter.
Tianwen: "Akihito-kun, you're just too young to understand the terror of love."
Tianwen: "I know all too well how scary it can be......"
Tianwen: "Have I ever told you about my wife, Akihito-kun?"
Akihito: "――!? You're married!?"
I guess it's not unusual for a man his age to be married, but......
......I thought he was homosexual.
Tianwen: "Well, umm......nowadays......"
His words trail off quietly, making the air feel heavy.
Akihito: "......"
Tianwen: "Don't throw away a precious love."
I don't brush him off like I usually do.
As I search for something to say in response, the front door opens. Finally a group of customers.
Tianwen: "Akihito-kun, we have work."
Akihito: "......okay."
I only glimpse his loneliness for that brief moment. We remain busy for the rest of the night.
The weekend. As promised, Ayaya and I go on a date.
We agreed to meet at the station. When I find her, she's unexpectedly quiet.
Ayaya: "......mmm."
She looks constipated.
Akihito: "Did something happen?"
Normally Ayaya's 30% more hyper on dates, but today she's running on fumes.
Ayaya: "It's just, well, Mama said......umm......"
Was she told not to date me?
Ayaya: "She told me my Uncle was dating some super hot woman......and before she knew it......well......"
Akihito: "......"
So she's jealous of the woman her uncle is dating?
Dandy man Kajou Uehito is a weirdo. I wouldn't be surprised if he was going out with a few secretaries or blonde bimbos.
Akihito: "Mm......"
For some reason, hearing Ayaya grumble about this makes my stomach churn too.
Ayaya: "Ah, I'm sorry!I'm dating you today, Senpai! I don't have a second to waste worrying about all that!"
She's back to her normal self. Hooray.
Akihito: "Well, let's go......"
It's not a great start, but we'd better get going.
Ayaya: "Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm......"
Akihito: "............"
Once again, Ayaya spends a load of time texting.
Her left arm is wrapped around mine as her right hand hammers on the keypad.
Ayaya: "Ayaya secret technique, double flip!!"
Why is she risking her life to text slightly faster?
Besides, Ayaya's the type to talk in person rather than text, and she doesn't seem bored or anything. Is she just distracted?
Ayaya: "Hmm, hmm......first, show him you're incredibly weak......I see."
Akihito: "Hey, Eni-kouhai."
Ayaya: "Hahya!? Wh-what is it, Akki-senpai?"
Akihito: "Don't call me Akki. And why do you keep texting so much on our dates? Did you just get into this?"
Ayaya: "N-no! No! It's just, my mom is......and my cousin is......"
Akihito: "Hmmm......?"
She's never mentioned a cousin before. Did they become friends recently?
Ayaya: "M-more importantly!"
Sweat flies off her face as she takes something out of her bag.It's strawberry jam.
Akihito: "......why did you bring jam?"
Ayaya: "Uu, uuuu! Uuuu! I can't open it~! 
......*glance*"
She suddenly starts trying to open the jar on the side of the road, then looks at me out of the corner of her eye.
Akihito: "............"
Ayaya: "Uu, uuuun! Uuuuu! I-it's so tiiight! 
......*glance*"
She looked at me again.
Akihito: "......fine, let me do it."
I twist it for a few seconds, and the seal breaks.
Akihito: "Nn! ......there, it's open."
Ayaya: "Wa, waaa! You're amazing, Senpai! Men are so strong......"
She clings to me while I'm still holding the jar.
Akihito: "So, what's this jam for? Are you going to eat it?"
Ayaya: "Ha!?U-umm, yes, I just felt like eating some jam......mm, this is good."
She licks it off her fingers. This is clearly a strange thing to do outside.
Akihito: "Really? I guess that's good......"
Ayaya: "Y-you want some, Senpai!?"
Akihito: "N-no, that's okay......"
She's always oddly energetic, but this is just plain weird.
She starts muttering to herself and fiddling with her phone again.
Ayaya: "I need help here~ Text, text......give me some instructions......!"
Ayaya: "Secret technique two - Keypad of fire!"
Ayaya starts typing so fast the friction between her fingers and the keypad might generate sparks.
The other person responds immediately.
Ayaya: "Hmm, hmm......let him fasten your bra so he starts noticing your body......
I see!"
Ayaya's busy spinning around with her phone. This is kind of fun to watch.
Ayaya: "Ha! How could this be!?Ayaya's wearing a front hook today. Hmmm, I'll have to use my uniform buttons instead......"
Ayaya: "W-wait just a second!"
Akihito: "?"
She turns around and starts fiddling with something.
When she turns back, some of her front buttons are undone.
Ayaya: "Senpai......please button me up......"
She speaks in a strange voice, like a starving animal. Is she okay?
Akihito: "......you can't do it yourself?"
Ayaya: "I can't......Senpai, please, do my buttons......"
Akihito: "Are you punch-drunk or something?"
Maybe having Kagome knock her around all the time caused some problems? I do her buttons, but I'm seriously worried about her.
The sun starts to set, but the stalker doesn't show up.
Akihito: "He still hasn't shown himself."
He's clearly easily confused if he feels that strongly about Ayaya, so you'd think seeing her with another man would drive him to some kind of action.
Or is he calmly waiting until Ayaya's alone before doing something?
Or maybe we're all wrong about this, and he's following Ayaya for some other reason entirely?
Ayaya: "Uwaaa~ The sun's setting! Today was a complete failure......I need some advice right away......text, text......!"
She starts typing yet again. She's been doing so much of that today.
It's really puzzling me now. We're supposed to be on a date, after all.
Ayaya: "Come on, come on......
hmm, hmm, next I twist my ankle so he has to carry me home......
I see!"
Akihito: "Hey."
Ayaya: "Haya!?"
Akihito: "Are those texts really that important?"
Ayaya: "Ah, umm, well......
aaah!"
I grab her phone.
Ayaya: "Awa, wait, wait, wait!"
I put a hand on Ayaya's head to hold her back as I look at the texts.
Why was this so important she kept interrupting our date to――
Akihito: "Mayuki and Kururi-senpai......?"
Ayaya: "Ah! Aauu......"
She's been texting Mayuki and Kururi. A pair of cruel demons.
Akihito: "......I thought you said it was your mom and cousin."
Ayaya: "That's......auu......"
Akihito: "......why did you lie to me?"
Ayaya: "Auuu......"
I'm annoyed now. I open up her text history.
Ayaya: "Ah! Don't look at that~!!"
Akihito: "Hmm......?"
What do we have here......?
I scroll through the messages.
Today is Love Operation 02.
Our last date was Love Operation 01.
Going even farther back, there's stuff about plans to get Ayaya and Akihito together.
Akihito: "Is this......?"
Ayaya: "Auu, auu......umm, well, how to put this......"
So she's been working with those two to try and win me over......?
Akihito: "Hu!"
Ayaya: "U-umm......"
Akihito: "..................huhuhu."
I tried to hold back, but I couldn't. I erupt with laughter.
Akihito: "Hu! Hahahahahaha! Uhahahaha! Come on, you really......hahaha, hihihihi!"
Ayaya: "P-please don't laaaaugh!"
Akihito: "Hahaha, you're such an idiot! Hahahaha, hihi, hahahahahahahaha......! Haa, haa......hahahaha!"
It's so funny I'm almost crying.
Ayaya: "Uuuuuuuuu......! B-but! But, but!"
Akihito: "Hahi......haa, haa......but what?"
Ayaya: "I've always loved you, Senpai!Normally I don't do something unless I know I'll succeed......but I had this miraculous opportunity, so......"
Akihito: "......Ayaya?"
Ayaya: "I was serious about all this!Senpai......I wanted to be your girlfriend......
aauuu......"
Akihito: "Huu......"
Ayaya lowers her shoulders with shame. I put one of my arms around her gently.
Akihito: "......you could've just asked. I would've said yes."
Ayaya: "Howa......!?"
Ayaya's face lights up. Those quick recoveries are one of the best things about her.
To be honest, I'm not good at being proactive when it comes to love. Mostly because I'm always hiding a core part of myself.
Ayaya was always a cute Kouhai clinging to me, but I never quite got the urge to take it any farther than that.
It's nice letting Ayaya charge into it head-on.
I hope Ayaya can always be this peaceful. I want to protect her.
This is different from the faint, smoldering heat that's been lurking inside me for many years.
Ayaya: "But Kururi-senpai and Mayuki-chan said even if you say yes that might not really count~!"
Akihito: "Who do they think I am?"
I'm a little surprised this kind of heat is still here inside me.
If your heart dies, your body is no different from a corpse. Likewise, as long as your body is alive, your heart still is too.
I get tired. I get worn down. I even run away sometimes, unable to look straight ahead.
But so what――?
This is a gentle kingdom. There's no sin or punishment, just actions. Like that text backlog, a record of your conduct follows you around forever.
You can't get rid of it, so you have to bear it.
But so what―――?
As long as we keep living, our wounds will heal, we can rest when we get tired, and we can forget our sadness and pain.
Ayaya: "But......does that......mean Ayaya is......?"
Ayaya: "Is Ayaya officially Senpai's girlfriend now!?"
Akihito: "Pretty much."
I'm not entirely sure where friendship ends and love begins.
It's probably something that has to start small and grow over time.
This isn't a bad way to begin.
Ayaya: "Oh! Oooooooooh......!Yes! I did it! Ayaya Enishi has done it~!"
Just watching her rejoice that much makes me happy too.
Ayaya: "Ha! I have to tell the others about this!"
Akihito: "Go for it. While you're at it, tell them to bring me some snacks as punishment for deceiving me."
Ayaya: "As you wish, Senpai!"
Ayaya's behavior stays the same, even after upgrading from kouhai to girlfriend. I'm glad that doesn't make things awkward.
Maybe we're a really good pairing.
A cafe on the north side of town called Hocus Pocus.
Ayaya stopped sending texts. Mayuki and Kururi are freaking out.
Did she fail in some spectacular way and ruin the whole plan?
Or did the stalker suddenly show up?
They agreed not to send any texts except when responding to Ayaya, but they're starting to get really worried.
Mayuki: "Something's definitely not right. Should we text her?"
Kururi: "Hmmmm, no operation can succeed without some improvising."
Mayuki: "But then we'd......"
The moment Mayuki starts typing, she receives a text.
Mayuki: "She sent one!"
It's from Ayaya.
Kururi: "Lemme see, lemme see."
The two of them look at the phone with their cheeks practically touching.
Text: Ayaya: "Ayaya Enishi is now Senpai's girlfriend! Thank you so much for all your help! The operation is a success!"
Mayuki: "Wa, Ayaya-san pulled it off!"
Kururi: "Yes! All our hard work paid off!"
They have no idea how, but apparently Ayaya Enishi and Mizuwa Akihito are officially a couple now.
Mayuki: "Ayaya-san and Akihito-san kinda do and kinda don't seem like a good couple."
Kururi: "Well, students these days are very non-committal, so they could break up next month for all we know."
Mayuki: "You're so pessimistic......"
Kururi: "Humans can't live without some fantasies. For now, let's just be happy about it."
They hold hands in triumph.
Mayuki closes her phone. There's no need to ask any more details at this point.
Mayuki and Kururi clink their glasses and silently toast the new couple.
Akihito: "......finished?"
Ayaya: "Yes!"
Ayaya: "A-also......umm......Senpai......"
Akihito: "What? Do you want to go somewhere?"
Her face turns red for some reason. She fidgets as she searches for the words.
She's puffing up her cheeks adorably.
Ayaya: "I'd like......to spend more time with you today, Senpai. Umm......I don't care......where we go."
Akihito: "Then......let's go somewhere. But if we walk around town, we might bump into Kururi-senpai and Mayuki."
Ayaya: "Aaah......it would be kind of embarrassing if they showed up now."
Akihito: "Well, we can deal with that when it happens."
Ayaya: "That's right! Now let's go, let's go!"
The park has a very nice mood to it in the evening.
The cone of light around our bench cuts us off from the rest of the world.
Ayaya: "Senpaaai......unyu, unyu."
Ayaya rubs her body against me like a small animal.
Ayaya: "Uuuuu, Senpai~ I can finally cuddle you as much as I want."
Akihito: "If you lean too hard, you'll push me off the bench."
Ayaya: "Then Ayaya will fall off with you~♪"
I run my fingers through her soft hair and pull her head closer. She exhales with glee as I stroke her.
Ayaya: "It feels like this was a long time coming......doesn't it?"
Akihito: "For a while, I was worried that you were going nuts."
Ayaya: "Looks like I was trying too hard."
She smiles. Even in the empty park at night, it feels warm.
Still, I don't think Ayaya was ever the type that men had no interest in.
She's cute, warms up to people really fast, and has disproportionately large breasts for her body. There were probably other men approaching her all the time.
Akihito: "Ayaya, you must have had some past relationships. Why did you take such an overcomplicated approach this time?"
Ayaya: "Oooooh!?I've been focused on you ever since I met you, Senpai, but I did have a couple relationships in my previous school."
Ayaya: "But they never went any farther than a couple dates."
Ayaya: "Of course, Ayaya is still a virgin! I've been saving it just for you, Senpai!"
Akihito: "I-I see. Well......thanks."
I feel like she's told me that before, but hearing her say it with such a straight face is really embarrassing.
Ayaya: "It was nothing.By the way, Senpai."
Her body is already pressed against me, but she moves even closer, so now she's almost on top of me.
A sweet smell. A mix of body soap and Ayaya's body.
Ayaya: "Do you still......have time tonight......?"
Akihito: "I......do have time. Why do you ask?"
Ayaya's face is red. Normally her eyes move around all over the place, but she's gazing directly at me now.
====================阿弥谷08a アヤヤとのH01.json====================
Ayaya: "The truth is......
truthfully,actually,to be honest!"
Akihito: "Is this going somewhere?"
Ayaya: "Aaah, I keep doing that......
I mean......well, umm, today......I guess......umm."
Ayaya's cheeks go red and she fidgets. Most of the women I know never have such pure reactions.
Akihito: "Uu......"
My heart's pounding for some reason.
Akihito: "Just say it."
Akihito: "This is our first day as a couple. Don't be afraid to ask for something."
Ayaya: "In that case! Please come to my house!Today......my Mom and Dad......aren't around, so............"
Akihito: "Oh......"
That was sudden. There's no way Ayaya is this fast a mover, right?
Even if she just wants to be alone with me for a while, doing that in her room while her parents are away is kinda dangerous.
I'm not sure I'd be able to hold back.
Ayaya: "............"
She goes quiet.Uwa, this is awkward.
Ayaya: "Umm......is that a no?"
Akihito: "Not that, it's just......we don't have to rush this."
What am I saying?
Ayaya: "......well......life is short, so......"
I go red up to my ears.
Akihito: "Y-you......"
I stagger backward. Was she always this good at tempting boys?
Ayaya: "............can we? I want this......with all my heart......"
She looks up at me.
Akihito: "Uu!"
I can feel my heart going kyun, kyun.
Ayaya's pink up to her ears, leaning her head against my arm. Her shampoo smells of citrus.
Ayaya: "Senpai......will you come......?"
Ayaya's house.
Her room is on the second floor. We remain completely silent as we head upstairs.
Ayaya: "Sen......pai! I'm so excited......!"
Akihito: "Yo-......wai――!"
Once we're inside, Ayaya takes my hand and puts it on her chest.
She's short, but her breasts have a lot of volume. Beneath them, I can feel a fierce beating.
Ayaya: "Haa......Senpai, Senpaiii......"
This is so sudden. Like floodgates bursting.
Akihito: "Ayaya, you......we've only been dating for an hour. Isn't this a bit too bold?"
Ayaya: "I'll keep loving you forever, Senpai......"
I know that.
But the Ayaya I know is a noisy, fun kouhai, not so much a cute girl.
Ayaya puts her hand on top of mine, making me massage her breasts as she exhales.
Ayaya: "Nn......! Mhuhu, do boys normally ask that in this situation? It does seem like you though."
Ayaya: "Ha......nn, I always thought you were cute though~"
Akihito: "Same to you. Is it normal to say that now? I guess that's also like you though."
The vivid sensation in my hand feels nice, like a fruit on the verge of ripening.
Ayaya moves closer to me. Perhaps just stimulating her chest isn't enough.
Ayaya: "Huu......! Sen...pai......it was......really tough for me, you know?"
Ayaya's body temperature is really high. Even through her clothes, I feel like I'm almost getting burned.
Ayaya: "Senpai, you've always had......nhu......ha......Hinaori-senpai clinging to you......ah......"
Akihito: "......Kagome is scary......"
Ayaya: "There's that too, but that's not......what I meant......"
Ayaya wraps one of her legs around mine as we hold each other. My knee ends up between her legs, where it can feel the thick, hot air under her skirt.
Ayaya: "She's so pretty......and cool......and so close to you, Senpai......hau......nn......"
I look directly into her eyes.
I can see a tinge of impatience. That's what's been driving this little kouhai forward.
Hinaori Kagome――
We move closer to each other, wanting something more definite than words or feelings.
Akihito: "......you're closer than her now, Ayaya."
Ayaya: "I'm still not as cool or as pretty."
Akihito: "You're cuter though."
Ayaya: "Nhuhuhuhu......Senpai, that's such a backhanded compliment."
I think for a bit and hesitate a while, but then――
I caress Ayaya's chest.
This time I'm the one moving closer.
Ayaya: "Aha......! Senpaiii......! Ayaya's still nervous......nhu! ......ha......"
Ayaya's voice suddenly gets more erotic.
Ayaya: "So I want......to get even closer to you, Senpai, so no one can ever replace me......"
I squeeze her breasts with one hand while using my other arm to pull her close.
This is no unrequited crush. We draw closer, seeking something stronger.
Ayaya: "Huun......! Senpai, kiss me......"
Her little lips quiver painfully before I press mine against them. We both follow our instincts.
Ayaya: "Mm......*kiss* Mm......mhu......! Sen...pa......*kiss!* *kiss!* *kiss!*......nn......ha......ahuu......"
Akihito: "Nn............"
It tastes sweet. Is that because Ayaya likes sweet things? I think about that as I kiss her.
I push my tongue forward, sliding into her mouth.
Ayaya: "Nyu, nn......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss* Nn......huu, huu......nn, *kiss*......*kiss!* Nn, nn......"
She still responds aggressively.
Our tongues trade positions several times, twisting around each other like the tails of strange creatures.
Ayaya: "Huuun......! Uuu, nn! Nha......Senpaiii......*kiss* *kiss* Nn......!"
She moans and kisses me again, as if she doesn't want our lips to separate for even a moment.
That's so like her.
Ayaya: "*kiss* Nn......nn......Senpai, Senpaiii......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss* *kiss!* Nn......"
Lips. Tongues. Skin. I rub up against her, answering Ayaya's desires. I pull her hips close since they're close to giving out.
Ayaya: "Nn......*kiss* *kiss* Nn......! *kiss* *kiss*......*kiss* *kiiiss*............mm!"
She must be getting turned on now, because she's starting to rub her knee against my crotch.
Akihito: "Mm......nn!"
Just feeling that sends shivers of pleasure through me. I put my knee up against her crotch too.
Ayaya: "Mmm......! Hu............!"
Ayaya shivers, with my tongue still in her mouth.
Ayaya's underwear has started getting wet, making a sticky thread between her crotch and my knee.
Ayaya: "Nn! Nn......! *kiss* Nn......!Ha............! Ah! Senpaiii......Senpaiii......"
Akihito: "Ayaya, you're really wet."
Ayaya: "Yeees......your kisses feel so good......I lost control a bit......nn......! Don't stop......"
Akihito: "You like this? Then......let's keep doing this."
Ayaya: "Yes......please, kiss me more, a lot more......
nn, *kiss*......nnn, npu, *kiss* Nn......"
Kissing converts affection to pleasure like nothing else.
The stronger your love, the stronger the sweet, melting, dreamlike sensation you get.
Ayaya: "*kiss* Nn......! Nna......nn! *kiss* *kiss!* Nn......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......*kiss* *kiss*......nn!"
I continue rubbing against Ayaya's crotch, not worrying about the stain on my pants. I start moving my hand down from her chest.
I pull up her shirt, and pull down her bra.
Her breasts spill out, and Ayaya gasps as they shake.
Ayaya: "Huuun......! Nn! Nn! *kiss*......hau, nn! ......nn, *kiss* *kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......"
Their size feels out of proportion with the rest of her body, which is oddly lewd.
They jiggle whenever she moves. I cover them with my palm.
Ayaya: "Nnnnnu......*kiss* Nn......!"
I squeeze. Her breasts are too big for my hands, so some of the flesh rises through the gaps between my fingers.
I knead her breasts somewhat roughly, to match Ayaya's intense heartbeat.
Ayaya: "*kiss* *kiss* Nnn......! Senpaiii......nn! Ha! ......*kiss* *kiss* Nn......! Senpai, please touch me more. Make me yours, Senpai......nn, *kiss*......"
Akihito: "Nn......that's the plan."
I push her flesh together, making her boobs nice and round as they jiggle.
Ayaya: "Nhuhuhu......*kiss* *kiss*......I'm so happy......mm......"
I have no complaints about their texture or softness. Even her nipples are cute and hard. I want to suck them right now.
Ayaya: "*kiss* *kiss*......ha......! You're getting really stiff here too, Senpai......*kiss* *kiss* Nnnnnu......"
Ayaya moves her hand down to my crotch. Her hand is still hesitant.
Akihito: "Umm......have you done any of this before?"
Ayaya: "No......I saved it all for you, Senpai......"
Akihito: "I'd better be careful then."
Ayaya: "You can......be rough if you want. Eheheh."
Akihito: "I might actually do it if you keep saying that~"
She's very overconfident for a virgin. I try tugging gently on her nipples.
Ayaya: "Nha! Ya......! Aannn......! Don't pull on......! Aauu! Senpaiiii......!"
Ayaya: "Haa......! Please, keep touching me all over......do whatever you want to Ayaya......!"
Akihito: "If you insist......!"
Ayaya: "Ha, Senpai! Ah, nnhaa......!!"
I stop kissing her and instead suck on her nipples.
I suck on her tips and the areolas, and lick all around them.
Ayaya: "Aau, unyuuu......! Ha, ha, ha......ah......! Senpai......ah! Unyu, that's......too much......uuunnnnn......!"
Her knees are shaking. I suck in her breasts along with my saliva.
Ayaya clings to me, her neck bending back as she shivers from the stimulus. Her reactions are so cute I want to keep toying with her.
Ayaya: "Fuwaaa......! Ah, nhu......! Senpai, ag, yaannn......! Funyuuuu, haa, haa, haa......"
I pull on her nipples with my lips. When her boobs stretch out like rice cake, I push harder with my lips and her nipples fly back.
Ayaya: "Funyannn!!"
Her boobs shake up and down from the tension. I start sucking on them again before they finish moving.
Ayaya: "Haa, ah......huu, uu, nn......! Aauuun, Senpai, Senpaiii......you're sucking them too much......!"
Ayaya shakes her head and writhes around. I rub her nipples around with my fingers, then lick all over her breasts, slowly covering them in my saliva.
Seeing her chest covered in saliva like that is very erotic.
Ayaya: "Nn! Ha......to be honest......I didn't think you were this......p-pervy, Senpaiii......!"
Akihito: "Do you not want to be with me anymore?"
Ayaya: "O-of course not......! You can keep doing whatever you want to Ayaya, Senpai......aha, ah......nn......"
I'm honestly surprised too. I didn't think Ayaya was this pervy either.
Ayaya: "Nha......ah......! Senpaiii......"
I slowly move my hands across her abdomen and stroke her thighs.
Ayaya looks down at my hands when she realizes where they're going.
Ayaya: "Huu......nn............! Senpai......"
Ayaya swallows loudly.
Ayaya: "Fuwa......wa......wa......!"
Her panties are so wet and sticky they're hard to pull down. I end up rolling them down instead.
As I hoped, she's melting inside. Her crevice is twitching, and liquid drips from it to the floor.
Ayaya: "Ayayaya......Senpai's already seeing Ayaya's secret garden......"
Akihito: "I'm not just gonna look at it."
I gently press two fingers against it.
Ayaya: "Hau......! Ah......y-you're touching it......"
Akihito: "I'm going to do a lot more."
Ayaya: "Funya......please don't say things like that......"
Akihito: "This is your first time, right? So tell me right away if it hurts. I'll stop."
I start moving my fingers slowly up and down.
Ayaya: "A-ahu......y-yes......!"
Akihito: "It doesn't hurt now, right?"
Ayaya: "N-nooo......it doesn't......hurt!"
I rub the slimy gap between her labia. Her clitoris is already hard and swollen, and she seems to be responding to it.
Akihito: "Okay. Also, if something feels good......"
Ayaya: "Ha, ahu......! Th-then what......?"
Akihito: "Please moan in a cute voice, and I'll do more of it."
Ayaya: "Uha......that's so embarrassing......nn! Nnn!"
Just gently rubbing as we talk is making fluid stream out of her.
I push my fingers in a little bit, and it opens right up.
Akihito: "There."
Ayaya: "Aauaaa......! Stop it, stop it, that's embarrassing! Aaaah, Senpai, you perv~......! You're being mean~......!"
Akihito: "Boys always enjoy teasing the girls they like."
Ayaya: "Not in sexual ways......! Haunnn......ah, aha......! Nnn, uuuu......!"
My crotch is getting so hard it might break through my jeans. I've never been this turned on before.
Ayaya: "Ah, ha! Senpai, huuun......! Yan, nn! Unyaa au, nn......hahuuuu......"
Ayaya's crevice opens and closes with sticky noises. I rub up and down, sticking my fingers in just a little each time.
Whatever I do, Ayaya's body lurches and squirms.
Ayaya: "Hahu! Nn, uu......! Ah! Aauuuuuunnn......nn......! Hau, nnn......!"
A girl I know very well is going this crazy over my caresses.
A strange sensation turns me on even more. We don't have time to talk anymore.
Ayaya: "Haa! Ah, Senpa――......aan! I-I can't stand up......th-this is, ah......!"
Ayaya desperately tries to grab hold of the wall. Her hands slide down it several times. Her body is in too much pleasure to function properly.
Ayaya: "I can't......that's too sticky......stop! I'm almost...stop......! Haaa, ah, ah......!"
I insert my fingertips into her sticky genitalia, sliding in without much effort.
Ayaya: "Fuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaa......! Ah, ah, ah, ah......!"
Akihito: "Your insides are really hot."
Ayaya: "Ah, ah, ah......! S-Senpai, don't move it......ahua......ah......!"
She says that, but her hips are twisting all by themselves.
Just seeing Ayaya's reactions is making my brain burn up.
Ayaya: "Fuwa, nn! Huu! Nnnnn......! Senpa-...i......wait, hau......! Ah, ah, ah......!!"
It's surprisingly hot, and her soft, multi-layered insides are tightening around me.
Ayaya: "Ah, wait a......ah, no......I'm! Aaah......!!"
Ayaya grabs me tight as her body convulses.
A bunch of hot fluid comes out from where my fingers are inserted.
Ayaya: "Ah, aaah, ah............!!!"
Apparently she's so sensitive she came just from my fingers.
Ayaya: "Ha! Ah......! Ah......haa, haa, haa, haa......"
Ayaya loosens up, and we slide down to the floor. Thank goodness no one else is home.
Akihito: "Are you okay, Ayaya......?"
Ayaya: "Hau, hau......ah......Ayaya came......"
Ayaya moans, covered in sweat, like a child with a fever. Seeing that is weirdly erotic.
Even though it's Ayaya. Or maybe because it's Ayaya? This is triggering some kind of male instinct.
Ayaya: "Hahu, hahu, hauuu......Senpaiii......"
Akihito: "I underestimated you."
Ayaya: "Hii, huu, hauuuu......wh-what do you mean......?"
Akihito: "The way you fell to the ground was really sexy."
Ayaya: "Eheheh, you complimented me......"
Akihito: "I did. So......"
I was planning to carry her to the bed, but not anymore.
We're in a hallway in Ayaya's perfectly normal house.
Her chest is exposed, and her crotch is drenched as she lies on the ground.
The same Ayaya I know so well.
Ayaya: "Senpai......?"
Ayaya sounds unsure as I bear down on her.
Akihito: "Let's do it here."
Ayaya: "........................hoeh?"
Ayaya: "Eh, wa, kya? Uwa, Senpai, huwa......! O-on a bed, please~......!"
Akihito: "You said I'm a perv."
Ayaya: "Uuuuu, that's too much for my first time......! Ah, hiyaaaan......!"
I grab Ayaya's legs and open up her crotch. I unzip my pants and move my hips toward her.
Ayaya: "Fuwa......! Senpai, you really are a perv......owa......!"
Akihito: "Ayaya."
I pull down my pants and my underwear. My thing flies out, already as hard as it can get.
Ayaya's eyes are fixated on it.
Ayaya: "Howaaa......a-amazing......are you going to put that thing inside Ayaya......?"
Akihito: "I'll go all the way in, then move in and out repeatedly."
The base of my meat rod rubs against her crevice. Her plump flesh splits in two, rubbing fluid against both sides of my thing.
Ayaya: "Aaun......! Don't...rub it......! Uhu......nn......! Aaannn......! Senpa-...iii......! Be more gentle......!"
This isn't my first time, but it is hers. I'm always the Senpai.
Since I'm the teacher here, I have to take the lead and make it easy for her.
But I can't stop.
Akihito: "Sorry, I can't seem to stop myself."
Ayaya: "Hua......! No...don't rub like that, Senpai......!"
Akihito: "Why am I this turned on? I'm not sure, but it's probably......"
After getting plenty of fluid on my thing, I pull back.
I touch my tip to Ayaya's entrance. If I lean forward a little, I'll penetrate her.
Ayaya: "Nn! Ha......ah, Se-Senpai......!"
Akihito: "It looks like I really love you."
Ayaya: "Ah............"
Ayaya looks up at me. I had no idea a human face could get that red.
Ayaya: "R-......really? Senpai, you like me that much?"
Akihito: "I only just realized it. It's the find of the century."
Ayaya: "So you'll get the Nobel Ayaya Prize......I'm really happy......"
Ayaya: "I was afraid you'd never say anything like that to me......"
Akihito: "I can believe that. I didn't plan on saying it."
Ayaya: "Teheheheh......"
Akihito: "Huhu!"
We gaze at each other and smile. I'm happy for no logical reason.
I want to protect this adorable, stupid kouhai. I want to love her. I want to have sex with her. I want her all to myself.
I had no idea such simple feelings still existed in me.
Akihito: "Ayaya, I'm going to put it in."
Ayaya: "Yes, Senpai......please do......"
I slowly move forward, hoping to minimize the pain.
Ayaya: "NNN......!!"
The part of me inside Ayaya's body is squeezed from all sides.
Akihito: "Does it hurt?"
Ayaya: "I'm fine......Ayaya Enishi is a strong girl."
Akihito: "Okay, then please bear with this a little longer."
I can't back away after coming this far. I slowly worm my way forward, drilling deep into her.
Ayaya: "Huu......nn......! Nn............!!"
There's plenty of lubricant. Ayaya's insides are just really tight because they've never accepted a foreign object before.
Ayaya: "Hu......ah! Uhu......nn......Senpai......nn, nnn!"
Akihito: "I'm probably close. You're doing well."
Ayaya: "Yesh......! Nn! Nnha......ah......! Haa, haa, haa, haa......!"
I grab Ayaya's hips and pull her closer.
Ayaya: "Ah, auu, uaaaaaaaa............!!"
Ayaya shouts, failing to form words. Our crotches are stuck together now.
I'm covered in her flesh down to the base. Every so often she writhes irregularly, sending a burst of pleasure straight to my brain.
Akihito: "Uu......!"
Ayaya: "Ha, ah............! Ah......uuuu............"
Akihito: "Huu......I'm all the way in, Ayaya."
Ayaya: "Ah, y-yes......uu......! It's really tight......ah! Nnn......"
Ayaya: "Haa, haa......! It's so far inside me......this is...incredible......"
Ayaya rubs her stomach as she breathes painfully. I can feel her do that from the inside.
I'm invading deep into her body.
It's a strange sensation.
Akihito: "I'm that far in......are you sure it doesn't hurt?"
Ayaya: "Aha......well......I'm still a limited first-print edition Ayaya......you'll be able to sell me at a high premium later......!"
Akihito: "That's a weird metaphor."
Ayaya: "Ha......nuu......! I-I'm so glad......I saved my first time for you, Senpai......eheh......"
Akihito: "Thank you......also, I know it hurts for you, but......"
Ayaya: "Aau......?"
Akihito: "This feels amazing for me. I have to fight the urge to start moving my hips."
I start moving slowly, enjoying the friction between me and her membranes.
Ayaya: "Ahu......I'm honored to hear that......"
Ayaya: "If you're feeling good, Senpai......ah......! Like I said earlier, please do whatever you want with me......okay......?"
She swallows again. If she keeps saying that I really will.
Ayaya: "Eheh......ah......! Hu, nnnnnu......! Uhaa......"
Akihito: "I don't think I can pull out at this point anyway, so I'll do my best......"
Ayaya: "Y-yes......! It's okay, Ayaya's fine......real girls don't bleed as much as the ones in porn manga......ah, haa......haa, haa, haa......"
I look at where we're connected. She is bleeding.
Of course it hurts. I know that, but I start moving my hips anyway.
Ayaya: "Uuha......! Nn, nnn......! Hiu! Nn......! Ha......! Haa! Haa! Haa......!"
Akihito: "Nn............"
Ayaya: "Nn......*kiss* Nn......Senpai, Senpaiii......*kiss* Nn............"
Ayaya smiles, and I kiss her.
The tension melts away from Ayaya's legs.
Hopefully that makes it a little less painful.
Ayaya: "Ah! Ah! Nn......! Senpai, nn......! Aau......huu, huu......! Nn......!"
Akihito: "I won't last much longer. Please bear with it a little more."
Ayaya: "Y-yes, nn! I'm perfectly ne......aaah......! Eheh, eheheh......hau, nnnnn......! It's not as painful...as I expected......haa, haa......"
She says that even though I can see the cold sweat on her back. She's so cute.
I gently embrace her to put her at ease, and move in and out of Ayaya's slimy insides.
Ayaya: "Hua......ah! Aan............!!"
Ayaya: "Ah! Ah! Aannn......! Huu! Nn! Uuuun......Senpai, Senpa-......Sen...paiii......!!"
Akihito: "Ayaya......!"
I move in and out of her several more times.
Ayaya: "Haaaannn......! Uuu, nn......ha, ah, auuu......! Hin! Nn! Haa! Ah, aau......nnn! Kyuuunnnnnnn......!"
Our genitalia are getting used to the friction from her entrance to deep inside. I notice that our fluids are all over the hallway. We'll have to do some thorough cleaning later.
Ayaya: "Aaah! Senpai, Senpai! Hu, nn......! Hiu, uuaaannn......!"
Akihito: "Uuu......!"
As my mind wanders, intense pleasure unexpectedly shoots up.
The sense of impending ejaculation is almost heavy now.
Ayaya: "Ah! Aan......! Hi! Nn! Ah......! Nnha! Ah, ah, aaa......! Huunnn......!"
My head is completely full of images of Ayaya's adorable face and our connected organs.
Then an overpowering white pleasure threatens to overwrite all of that.
Ayaya: "Ha, ah......! Hau! Uu, nn......! Aaaaaaaaah............!"
All my high-level senses like sight and hearing grow dull and white, while my primitive senses like touch and smell grow stronger.
A thick, sexual smell. Eventually, even that leaves my mind.
Ayaya: "Senpai......! Senpaiii......!! A-Ayaya's......ha, c-com-......! -i-ing......!!"
I can't respond.
The mental image of us rubbing against each other grows stronger.
Ayaya: "Ah......ah, ah, ah, ah......! Ah, I-I'm......!"
Akihito: "Ha......!"
I stop breathing for a moment.
In that moment, an explosive wave of pleasure surges up my spine.
Ayaya: "Ah, aaah! Ah......!!! Hiu............!!!"
I pull my penis out of Ayaya.
Akihito: "Uua......!"
Ayaya: "Hiaaaaaa...ah, ah............! Huaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa..................!!!!"
My tip leaps up and scatters thick white fluid everywhere.
My liquid desire flies onto Ayaya's chest and thighs.
Akihito: "Haa......! Nn, uu......!"
Ayaya: "Aaah! Ah, ah, ah, ah......! Hu, nn! Ah......! Aaah, uhuu......! Nnnnnnnnn......!!"
All the muscles in my body go tense, wringing out every last drop.
After the second and third bursts of pleasure wash over me, Ayaya's body is completely covered in white.
Ayaya: "Haa! Ah, haa, haa, haa......! Ah, haa, haa, haa......!"
Akihito: "Haa! Haa......haa......!"
Ayaya: "Ah, nn......Sen...paiii......!"
Akihito: "Ayaya......sorry it hurt......"
Ayaya: "Haa, haa, haa......don't worry about that......"
Ayaya: "Next time......I should feel a lot......hau, better......aha......haa, haa, huuuuuuu......"
Akihito: "Haha......well......look forward to that......"
I smile weakly and collapse next to her. Our chests heave up and down as we look at the ceiling.
We'll clean up after our bodies get some rest.
Akihito: "Hey, Ayaya, when are your parents coming home?"
Ayaya: "Hau, I don't think......they'll be back until tomorrow."
Akihito: "I see. Then I'll stay with you until morning......"
Ayaya: "Okay......"
We take a shower together, clean the hallway, then sit on the bed and talk about random stuff like we always do.
====================阿弥谷08a+09 四天王の挑戦04.json====================
The final battle is nigh. We stand on a hill with huge ruins, like the city of Meggido. It's time for the strongest of the four kings to arrive.
The usual five are here with Babylon tonight. Haru's absent again.
Mayuki: "*stare*"
Mayuki's gaze is clearly asking me how things went with Ayaya, but it'd be awkward to bring that up now.
Akihito: "......"
Thus, I carefully ignore her burning eyes.
Benio: "Come to think of it, coμs have five people......but there's only four of these groups."
Benio starts counting on her fingers with her brows furrowed.
Benio: "I guess when a multiple of four boys end up together they want to call themselves the four kings for some reason."
Akihito: "............"
Izawa: "............"
Benio points out a painful truth.
I can understand the manly desire to form groups with silly names and fight each other with cool toys.
Mayuki: "Well, you still call yourself an ally of justice, Benio-san, so you're not much better."
Benio: "Justice is different. Allies of justice are actually cool......"
Kagome: "Your chest isn't much better either."
Benio: "I-I'm not that flaaaat!"
He selected a long road running straight through an old apartment complex. There's nothing in these buildings but darkness and moonlight.
Our voices produce lively echoes. For once, we're all hyped up for this. We want to know what the fourth avatar's name is.
Akihito: "Should we place bets?"
Kagome: "Not a bad idea, but there's so many things it could be. What should we bet on?"
Benio: "I think it'll be something crane- or turtle-related!"
Mayuki: "That would be nice. It sounds plausible. Personally, I'll put my money on......Pagos."
Izawa: "......the hell is that?"
Mayuki: "............a monster from an old legend. When flowers bloom on the bamboo......it will appear and bring miracles."
Sounds like a rich history.
Akihito: "I'll assume it's lion dance-related, so Leo."
Kagome: "I'll bet on Nasu."
Akihito: "An eggplant?"
Kagome: "That was a good range of options. Hopefully it won't disappoint us after all of this hype."
Akihito: "It might......oh, what are you betting on, Izawa?"
Izawa: "Aaah?......good question......maybe Ribbon?"
Huh.
Akihito: "Sorry, I shouldn't have expected much from you."
Izawa: "Do you want me to beat you up!?"
Mayuki: "Ah, it's here."
We've waited a long time for the final king to arrive.
Final Boss: "I commend ye for slaying every last one of my minions. However, thy destiny ends here!"
Final Boss: "Do not grow arrogant from defeating mere pawns. Annihilating thee is mere child's play for our avatar!"
Final Boss: "But first, I shall give thee one last chance. I do not like to crush such promising warriors. Would thou consider serving me?"
Akihito: "Enough about that. What's your avatar's name?"
Kagome: "Tell us already."
Pine, bamboo and plum. What's the last one――――?
Final Boss: "Hmph, very well. Behold my avatar, and burn its image into your memory!"
The boss raises his arms ostentatiously.
Gate light swells up behind him. An amber Gevaudan appears.
Final Boss: "Go! The most powerful avatar, Superstrong!!"
Izawa: "........................haa."
Akihito: "........................what?"
Benio: "........................eeeh?"
Kagome: "........................what......did you say?"
Mayuki: "............I'm not sure if that was above or below my expectations."
You can't be serious. Superstrong? At least call it Flower or Tsurukame or something.
Benio: "......now what?"
Kagome: "Titmouse."
Izawa: "Oooh!!"
Mayuki: "For once we're all in complete agreement."
Akihito: "Yeah."
Our hearts are one.
Final Boss: "Uu! I can see why thou defeated the three friends of winter. But this is nothing!"
Boss' Friends: "Don't think we're as weak as the other three!"
Izawa: "............he's surprisingly decent. That's really irritating."
The terribly-named Superstrong is tougher than we'd expected.
As a Gevaudan, it has more than enough speed to escape from our attacks, preventing us from landing any crippling blows.
Final Boss: "Huhahahaha! What's wrong? Superstrong's claws and fangs are coming straight for your throats!"
Akihito: "Please stop using that pathetic name......"
Superstrong can fly through the air at will. It keeps slipping out of Babylon's attack range, then poking at us with weak attacks.
Izawa: "What a pain......can I just blast him?"
Benio: "No! No! We're not in any danger."
Mayuki: "But what should we do? This isn't going anywhere. It might've been easier if O-Haru-san was here."
Babylon's mobility is low without the Mage.
Benio: "You called her, right?"
Akihito: "......she said she had an essay to write, and I figured this would be an easy win anyway......"
Kagome: "This is what happens when you get overconfident. You don't even have any special moves to brag about."
Akihito: "Don't say that............"
I gulp.
Kagome pulls a kukri knife out of her bag with an incredibly displeased look on her face. It's Tarou-kun.
Akihito: "Kagome...san......?"
Kagome: "He made one mistake."
Kagome: "Giving his avatar a stupid name."
I completely agree, so I have nothing to add to that.
Akihito: "......have fun."
Kagome simply walks over to where the Boss' coμ is.
They're so focused on controlling Superstrong that they don't even notice her.
Final Boss: "Come on, come on, come on! You can't win with just defense, black dragon! Go, Superstrong! Make them the first sacrifice to our――............"
Kagome: "Die."
Final Boss: "Guwaaa!!"
Izawa: "That was the lamest way to end it. Is there really no one I can sink my teeth into?"
Izawa's pretty dissatisfied. He was hoping for a spectacular battle against a heavyweight opponent, but all we really did was chase a mosquito.
The strongest of the four coμs met a somewhat more tragic fate than the other three.
We took its avatar apart, and Kagome gave all of the connectors a piece of her mind. I pray their lives don't get any worse.
Akihito: "Should we call an ambulance?"
Kagome: "I just took care of some trash. I went easy, so they can still walk home."
Akihito: "Huuu......that was kind of disappointing."
Mayuki: "I think it was a valuable experience. There are a lot of people in the world."
I do hope we never meet people like that again.
Izawa: "It's over now. Let's go home."
Akihito: "Yeah, let's."
Benio: "......all's well that ends well, maybe?"
Mayuki: "Fuwa......I'm feeling sleepy."
Kagome: "This was a waste of time."
Akihito: "At least we weren't bored."
I think after saying that. Boredom and stimulus are two sides of the same coin. When you get sick of boredom you seek stimulation, and when you get overstimulated you return to boredom.
Akihito: "Well, there might be another disturbance soon."
Izawa: "What do you mean?"
Akihito: "Nanase told me. Remember Kugura of the Round Table? Apparently he and Nanase-san are fighting, and now he's hooking up with Caesar――"
Benio: "Aren't they both on the Round Table? Why were they fighting each other?"
Mayuki: "If you're gonna bring that up, Caesar's a member too."
Akihito: "She didn't tell me the details."
Kagome: "Hmph, she must feel guilty about what happened."
Akihito: "Maybe. There might be a few sparks flying in our direction, so I'll have to think about it. Hopefully they can take care of it themselves."
Izawa: "Such a pain."
You said it. I only just started dating Ayaya. I'd much prefer boredom to a new storm right now.
I know it'll break eventually, but I'd like this peace to last at least a little longer.
====================阿弥谷09 アヤヤとのH02.json====================
The next weekend.
Ayaya: "Owa, Uncle!?"
Akihito: "Gyawa, Kagome!?"
Ayaya and I are on a date on Hakasaki Street when Kajou and Kagome appear on a nearby cafe terrace.
Akihito: "Wh-what are those two doing together!?"
A date!?No, there's no way Kagome would do that.
Kagome: "That weirdo helped me out a bit in the past."
Kajou walks off into the crowds, but Kagome finds us and comes over.
Akihito: "......birds of a feather."
That idiom comes to mind.
Ayaya: "Oooh! So that gorgeous woman dating my uncle was Hinaori-senpai all along!"
The truth always turns out to be something boring.
A few days later, Ayaya tells me that Kajou left Takakura City and went back to his tight genius schedule.
Kagome: "Be back home by dinner."
Kagome looks down coldly at Ayaya and me, then turns away.
Ayaya: "Huheheheh......uheheheh."
Akihito: "Girls should have a cuter laugh than that."
Ayaya puts her arm around mine. She seems to be enjoying herself.
This is a perfectly normal date. A real one this time. She looks happy.
Ayaya: "Ah, is that Mayuki-chan and Kururi-senpai over there?"
As we wander around town, we bump into the two smirking schemers.
Akihito: "Haven't seen them in a while."
I walk toward them.
Ayaya wasted a lot of effort on silly plots because of those two.
I should make them buy me a snack as compensation.
Kururi: "Oh my, you're getting along well."
Mayuki: "Looks like Akihito-san's in charge outside, but behind the scenes Ayaya-san has the real power."
Akihito: "Stop smirking. You're making things more complicated than they are."
I get only a little angry. 
Ayaya: "Ayaya's still grateful."
Akihito: "You shouldn't thank people for being so wicked."
Still, Mayuki and Cat-senpai make a weird combination. I know they grew to like each other when they were helping Ayaya, but what are they doing out here on a weekend?
Kururi: "Huhuhu, you are so funny. And so interesting."
Mayuki: "Huhuhu.Now, we don't want to disturb you, so let's continue our own investigation."
They try to leave, but I ask them a question first.
Akihito: "What are you investigating?"
Kururi: "You ever heard of that "Acceptor" game? Kururi-chan formed a team to search for its anonymous author."
Mayuki: "With me."
Ayaya: "Oooh~ You're after Herm-san? Good luck~"
Kururi: "Farewell!"
Mayuki: "Akihito-san, don't forget to kiss Ayaya-san."
Akihito: "Wait! We're not done talking yet!"
Kururi-senpai pulls Mayuki's hand and they run away. Doesn't this prove that they know they did something wrong?
Akihito: "After them! They still owe me a snack!"
Ayaya: "Ayaya? We're chasing them~?"
I pull Ayaya's hand and we run off.
......we lost them.
Considering how slow Mayuki is, Ayaya and I should've had no trouble keeping up. That super-detective knows what she's doing.
Akihito: "Dammit."
I look around and realize we've been running for quite a while.
Akihito: "Huuu, oh well, let's go back. Anywhere else you want to go, Ayaya?"
Ayaya: "......m-maybe there......"
Ayaya's gazing up at a building. I look at it too.
A slightly worn-down castle. A building meant for lovers' use.
Ayaya: "Unyu......
I think the pain's mostly gone now, so......eheh, eheh, eheheheheh......"
Akihito: "I-I see. It's better now. That's good. Okay then......"
She's not in pain anymore, and the castle's right in front of us.
Of course I want to go.
Akihito: "But not there. Rumor has it a teacher saw someone from my school go in there, and he got suspended."
Ayaya: "Then how about your place, Senpai?"
She leans her head on my shoulder. Uu......she's so cute.
Akihito: "Not there. Kagome could show up at any moment. What about your house?"
Ayaya: "My Mom and Dad are there today......"
Akihito: "Hmmmm......in that case......"
Ayaya: "Senpaaai......"
Akihito: "Uu!"
Ayaya looks at me with a red face and wet eyes. I don't have to do any analysis to figure out she wants it. No man can resist a gaze like that.
I look at Ayaya stuffing her face with my thing, and my hips start quivering.
Ayaya: "Hamu......nn, nnpu......*kiss* Nn......nbu, nn......nn, npu......nn............"
We couldn't hold back our passions and desires. We're doing this in a deserted back alley between buildings that have shut their doors for the weekend.
Ayaya: "Nn......! Nnpu, *kiss*......hapu! Nnn, nn......nn! Hu......nn, *kiss* *kiss* Nn......"
I lean back against the gray wall, digging my nails into it to resist the urge to moan.
Akihito: "A-Ayaya......you don't have to do this yet, especially since you're not......!"
Ayaya's mouth covers my thing. It's awkward, but that just makes it more exciting.
Ayaya: "Nn! Nn! Nn......! Puha......I wanted......to try this at least once......*lick* *lick*......does it not feel good, Senpai......?"
Akihito: "It's really...good......"
Ayaya: "Eheheh......good."
Don't smile so innocently when there's saliva connecting your mouth to my thing. That mix of cuteness and lewdness is overpowering me.
Ayaya: "Then I'll continue......amu, nmumu......"
Akihito: "Uu......"
She looks like a dog as she licks me.
I'd like to do something for her as well, but since I'm standing up I can only stroke her hair.
Ayaya: "Mm......*lick* *lick*......*kiss* Nn, pu......nn, *kiss* *kiss*......nn, nn, nn......"
Her ears are red now. I touch them, and she squints her eyes and moves back as if it tickles.
I can feel that from inside her mouth too.
Ayaya: "Nnpu! Nn......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss*......nn, *lick* *lick* *kiss* *kiss* Nn, nnnu......"
Her tongue runs around my tip, leaving a layer of hot saliva. No matter what part she stimulates, my back shivers with pleasure.
Ayaya: "*kiss* *kiss*......*kiss* *kiss* *kiss* Nnn......! Nn......*kiss* *kiss* Nnn......Senpaaaai......"
My head tilts back from the pleasure as I lose my breath. Remembering that we're outside makes it all the more exciting.
Ayaya: "*lick* Nnu......nn! Nn, *kiss* Nnn! Nn......*kiss* *kiss* Nnn......!"
Now Ayaya starts moving her head forward and back as she licks.
Ayaya: "Nnbu......! Nn......nnn......"
I unconsciously grab Ayaya's head. I push on her, violating her mouth.
Ayaya: "Nn, nn! *lick* *kiss* Nn......! Nnn! *kiss* *kiss* *kiss* Nn......! Nnn! Nn......!"
I know this is bad, but I can't stop my hips from moving. Ayaya doesn't seem to be resisting, She's moving too, making my thing go in and out of her mouth.
Ayaya: "Nnbu! *kiss* Nn! Nn, nn, nn......*kiss!* Nn......nyupupupu......*kiss* Nn, nn......"
From tip to base, and base to tip. I move back and forth through the gently squeezing ring of her lips. Each thrust makes the pleasure rise, and my vision burns white.
Akihito: "Uu......! I'm about to......"
Ayaya: "Nn! Nnn! You can......come in my mouth. *kiss* Nn......nnpu! Nnha......Senpai, npupupu."
My heart beats so hard it hurts, and I pant like a dog. My legs are stretched out, and my penis is swollen and hard.
Ayaya: "*kiss!* *kiss* Nn......nn! *kiss* *kiss* *lick* *kiss* *kiss* Nnnnn......!"
I make eye contact with Ayaya, smiling with my thing completely in her mouth. That's my limit.
My hips thrust forward with pleasure, attacking deep into Ayaya's throat.
Ayaya: "Nnnnnnnnn!!"
Akihito: "Uu......!!"
My hot pleasure bursts out into Ayaya's mouth.
Ayaya: "Nnpu! Nn......! Nhu, nnn............!"
Ayaya clings to my hips as they move around, taking in all the semen coming out of me.
I'm still holding her head as she swallows it.
Ayaya: "Nnbu, nn......nnn......nnu! Nn......nnn......! Nhaaa......hau, hau, huu............"
She doesn't have to drink it. I want to tell her that, but I can't get the words out.
Akihito: "You drank it......?"
Ayaya: "Yes......I've heard it's bitter, but...hau, huuuu......it's a really hard to describe, strangely salty taste......"
Akihito: "I didn't need to know that......"
My thing is glistening with saliva, still hard and pointing up even though it just ejaculated. I'm going to need more than that.
Akihito: "Ayaya."
Ayaya: "Yes......you can come inside Ayaya this time......"
Ayaya's not done either. She rubs her legs together, wanting me.
I hold Ayaya tight, then turn her toward the alley wall. She puts both hands on it.
Akihito: "Raise your butt a little more."
Ayaya: "Ah, okay......it's a bit embarrassing......"
Akihito: "Yeah, we are outside."
Ayaya: "Don't say that......my heart starts pounding when I think about that......"
For me that's happening whether I think about it or not. We have no way of knowing when someone might show up.
Ayaya's panties are soaking wet, so I cover them in some tissues and put it in a bag.
A few rays of sunlight hit Ayaya's exposed butt. We can hear a car driving not too far away.
The situation couldn't be more perverse.
Ayaya: "Umm, Senpai......?"
I rub her butt.
Ayaya: "Hauuu......Senpaiiii, that's embarrassing."
Akihito: "It's dripping down your thighs now."
Ayaya: "Don't say that......"
This is fun. I want to play with her a bit more, but I can't wait any longer.
Akihito: "Okay, I'm gonna put it in now."
Ayaya: "Ah, okay......hau......I feel tense......"
Akihito: "Me too."
I grab Ayaya's hips and touch my tip to her crevice. I move my hips forward, prying open her soft, squishy flesh.
Ayaya: "Huunnn......!!"
I pass through her entrance and into her body.
I slide through her soft flesh far smoother than last time, pushing my hips into her round butt.
Ayaya: "Haaa......aaaa......ah......!!!"
Ayaya bends back and her knees quiver. I push my hips in even harder, and stay deep inside for a while.
Ayaya: "Ah......huu......! Nn......haa, ah......haa, haa, haaaa............!"
Akihito: "Does it hurt?"
Ayaya: "Hau, aau, nnu......huu, it...doesn't......hurt......!"
She turns back and answers me with tears in her eyes. Either she's forcing herself to endure the pain......or she's really enjoying this.
Akihito: "Does it......feel good?"
Ayaya: "Aau......y-yeees......r-really good......when you went in I was surprised at how tingly it felt......ah......ha!"
Ayaya: "I came...a little......haa, haa, haa......"
She loses her breath and her hips quiver. I'm extremely happy that Ayaya is feeling as good as I am.
Knowing that my penis is making Ayaya feel good is incredibly stimulating.
Akihito: "Ayaya, do you mind if I do it really rough this time?"
Ayaya: "Eh? ......b-but if you do that, I'll make a lot of noise......"
Akihito: "If someone comes I'll pick you up and run."
Ayaya: "Hauuu......but "really rough"......uuuu, you really are a perv, Senpai......"
Ayaya: "Ah, w-wait, fuwaaaaa......!"
I move my hips, unable to resist.
I grab Ayaya's hips and move rhythmically in and out of her.
Ayaya: "Hua, ah! Ah, huannn......! S-Senpa――......huuun......! Nn, uuuuu......hiu, nn, nnn!"
Each time I go deep inside, hot fluid spills out from between us. Ayaya is enjoying this.
Ayaya: "Hi! Nn! Nkyu, nn......! Senpaaaiiiii......Senpai, you're...you're......hua! Ah, nnn......nn!"
I thrust mechanically, neither slowing up nor speeding down. I can't do it any other way.
Ayaya: "Uuuunnn! Ha! Ha! Ha......! Ah......!! Nnu......huu, nnnnn! Hiun, nn, haa, haa......!"
I gradually transition to longer strokes, resulting in rougher movements.
I lower my pants bit by bit, getting them out of the way, as my crotch starts sticking to Ayaya's butt.
Ayaya: "Huaaaaa......! Ah, ah, ah, ah! Senpaaaiii......that's too......iin! If you keep doing that! M-my stomach will......ah, aannn!"
I pound my hips against her, making her fluids fly everywhere. Those noises echo through the alley. 
I've completely forgotten about the area around us.
Ayaya: "Hau, hau! Aan! Aan! Se-Shenpai, nn! Hiu! Nn, nnnnn! Ha, ah, hauaaa......!"
I'm not sure I could stop even if someone did show up now. Only my instincts are controlling my thrusts now.
Akihito: "Uu! Ayaya......!"
Ayaya: "Fuwaaannn......! Hi, hiu, nn! My head's......going nuuumb......! Nn, nnnnn! Haa, haa, haa......aaannnnn......!!"
As I enter and exit, Ayaya's soft insides melt around me, making my thing even harder.
Ayaya: "Senpa-......Senpaiii! Hiun, nnn! Nn, uu, ha, ahaaa......! Yes...that's good......! That feels......really......good......! Haa! Nnn!"
The actual rubbing isn't that strong, but the heat surrounding me produces all the pleasure.
Ayaya: "Haaaa......! Haaaaa......! I-I'm......! Huunnn......nuu, nn! Ha! Nn! Hau, nnu, hi, nn......! Huu, huu, huu......"
I drag out the moment of maximum pleasure before the climax as long as possible. Ayaya and I come together.
Ayaya twists her hips from unknown pleasure.
Ayaya: "Huaaaaaaaa......! I-I'm! Ah! Ayaya's......ha! Nn! Ah, aaaaa......! C-come-c――......nnuuu......!"
Ayaya desperately tries to keep her shaking legs upright as my genitalia move through her.
Ayaya: "Aaaaah......! Uu, nn! Ha! ......aaaaah! Huu, nnn, uu......haannn! Hi, hiu, Senpaaai......!"
Ayaya shakes her head. When my hips slam into her, her shaking butt tightens around me.
Ayaya: "Nnnuuu! Senpai......! I-I'm really......! Ha! Ha! Ha! ......a-about to......!"
Akihito: "I'm at my limit too......!"
I was very happy and excited when Ayaya came from my fingers before.
But being connected like this and feeling pleasure together is fundamentally different. Knowing my penis is moving Ayaya to her climax is driving me mad with love.
Ayaya: "Ha! Ah, nnnnnnn! Ah, I'm......hiiin! I'm coming, I'm coming! Huwaaaaa! Ah, nnn! I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm............!!"
Akihito: "Nn......!"
Ayaya sticks her butt out. Her flesh quivers with joy, squeezing around me.
As we approach our limits together, her writhing flesh guides me deeper inside her.
Ayaya: "Ha, nnn! Nnu............S-Senpaiiiii......!!"
I feel a strong throbbing where we're connected, shake off an unbearable temptation and pull out of Ayaya.
Ayaya: "Fuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa............!!!!"
Akihito: "Uuu......! Uu............!!"
Her fluids drip down from my penis as it spurts white stuff onto Ayaya's butt.
Ayaya: "Haaaa......! Se...nn...pa......iii............!! Huuuu......nn......ha............!!"
Thick fluid flies around, staining Ayaya's butt.
Ayaya's crevice remains open in the same shape as when I was inside it, allowing a large volume of fluid to gush out.
Ayaya: "Haaaaaaaaaaa............ah............ah..................ah........................!"
Akihito: "Hau, huu, huu, huu......!"
Ayaya: "Aha......Senpa...iii............haa, haa, haa, haa, haa, haa............"
Akihito: "Ayaya......!"
Her semen-covered butt is still shaking from pleasure. Her half-open genitalia still drip liquid down her thighs. She drools a little as she breathes roughly. All of it is cute.
Even after ejaculating a second time, my thing remains firm with lust.
I still want to do it. I'm not done yet. My body is seething.
Akihito: "Ayaya......!!"
Ayaya: "Hau......eh, wa――...S-senpa――......I-I can't do any more......!?"
I grab Ayaya's wavering hips and try to insert myself again.
Akihito & Ayaya: ""Gaaaaah!?""
A nearby vending machine made a noise.
We hold our breath until the footsteps grow distant.
Ayaya: "Haa~............that was scary......"
Akihito: "Th-that spooked me......I didn't know there was a vending machine that close to us......"
Ayaya: "I'm so glad he didn't see us......! My heart was pounding~"
Akihito: "Mine too."
My heart's beating disturbingly fast, and not from lust this time.
Ayaya put her skirt back down, and finally regains her calm.
Ayaya: "Haaaa......
Senpai, you tried to put it back in again......!"
Akihito: "Y-you were just too cute......"
Ayaya: "Ayaya's only done this twice. You're being too rough, Senpai!"
Akihito: "Sorry......my instincts just......"
Ayaya: "Then apologize with a kiss. A nice sweet after-sex kiss......♪"
Akihito: "I was going to do that anyway――"
Ayaya: "Nn............"
We exchange plenty of sweet kisses in the alley.
We rest there for a while before going home.
====================阿弥谷10 どこにでもある危機.json====================
Haru: "Oooh, they sound like an interesting bunch."
Akihito: "I feel more pity for them than anything else now."
I just finished telling Haru about the Four Heavenly Kings.
Haru: "Maybe O-Haru-san should've come along too."
Since then, no coμs have caused any trouble for us.
I appreciate these peaceful days. Time flows on without any great change or threat.
Akihito: "It's unusual for you to be the most eager, O-Haru-san."
Our coμ has two meetings a week. We still need to keep our group intact, so the meetings continue.
There's still some time before we agreed to meet up, but I came a little early, and found Haru was here already.
Haru: "O-Haru-san came here right after work."
Haru: "Since I've missed all the action lately, why don't I treat everyone to make up for it?"
Akihito: "O-Haru-san, did you come across some money lately?"
Haru: "I did find a new man."
A new man means extra money? I don't quite understand that, but Haru changes her relationships as casually as most people change their wardrobe from season to season.
Akihito: "Somewhere all six of us could go......how about the bar I work at?"
Haru: "......Izalone?"
Tianwen: "Oh my, if it isn't Akihito-kun."
Speak of the devil. The Owner's standing right at the plaza entrance, waving to us with his usual smile.
Tianwen: "This is a coincidence. It must mean Akihito-kun and I are connected by the red chains of fate."
Akihito: "Chains would be bad......"
Tianwen: "Akihito-kun, you have a woman with you today? Always living life to the fullest."
The Owner and the maid make eye contact. I wait for them to exchange bizarre greetings, but there's an awkward pause instead.
Tianwen: "Oh, this is interesting. So you're with Akihito-kun now......? You've always had good taste in men."
Haru: "True. I'll take that as a compliment."
Akihito: "............you know each other?"
Tianwen: "Let's just say we share memories of youth.Very memorable ones, geheheheheh."
Akihito: "That's not funny......so you do go both ways."
Tianwen: "......I knew I would have to tell you one day, Akihito-kun. You remember I was married, right?"
Akihito: "To O-Haru-san!? No way. I thought your wife was dead......"
Tianwen: "Dead? Who told you that?"
Akihito: "Umm, the way you spoke about her always made it sound like she's no longer with you."
Tianwen: "She isn't. We got divorced."
Haru: "He was cheating on her with me."
Akihito: "Bu!"
I spit out what I was drinking so hard it almost kills me.
Haru: "You did all sorts of things with the young, vibrant O-Haru-san, but your wife was kinda scary, wasn't she?"
Tianwen: "Weeeeell, she was very scary. It was stupid of me to let her find out. I really thought she'd kill me.""HAHAHAHAHA!" they both laugh like Americans.
Akihito: ".................."
Tianwen: "So you and Akihito-kun are "siblings" now. We really are bound by the red chains of fate."
Akihito: "Enough with the perverse jokes."
I intimidate him in public.
Tianwen: "Love is precious but fragile. Take good care of that flame while it still burns."
Haru: "What he said."
Akihito: "............"
I'm shocked in so many ways my mind goes blank and I can't stand up.
For that reason, I don't remember a single thing we talked about during the meeting.
And today――Is another new day.
The sun's setting now. Ayaya and I walk down a dark road together.
Ayaya: "Sorry it ran late again."
Ayaya's in the calligraphy club. Normally she has no difficulty getting home before dark.
Apparently they have some kind of exhibition this weekend, so they're spending a lot of time preparing for it.
Ayaya: "I felt really bad asking you to help too......"
She called to tell me she'd be late, but she wasn't at the gate when school let out, so I went to her club room to check on her. All the members were running around, working like ants.
Akihito: "I couldn't just ignore you guys in that situation."
Ayaya: "I knew Senpai would understand Bushido!"
Akihito: "That has nothing to do with it."
By the time I finished helping them, the sun was setting.
A bluish moon rises between the clouds, shining gently on the street. We can't hear a thing besides our own footsteps.
Ayaya: "Mmhuhu......Seeenpai."
Akihito: "What?"
Ayaya: "Nothing~"
She's strangely happy. Having a serious relationship with a girl is a little embarrassing.
Nothing is happening right now. I wish meaningless times like this would continue forever.
Ayaya's house is around the next corner. There's no one here now that the sun has set. The stalker might be willing to show himself now.
Akihito: "Nothing tonight."
Ayaya: "Thank you so much!"
I put a hand on Ayaya's head and gently stroke her hair. I don't really want to say goodbye.
Ayaya: "Mmm~~"
She squints her eyes and rubs her cheek against my arm. Cute.
Akihito: "――"
My feet suddenly stop.
Ayaya: "What is it, Senpai?"
There's been another set of footsteps following us.
I look back. There are three shadows illuminated by a vending machine. Not just one, but three.
They look at us with clear animosity. I glare coldly back.
Ayaya: "Wh-who are they......?"
Akihito: "You finally showed up......"
Ayaya reacts to the man on the right. I remember his shoes from the picture she took the other day.
He's younger than I expected, maybe three or four years younger than us. His wide grin irritates me.
Akihito: "Good evening. Can we help you?"
I greet them casually, as if they're our neighbors. The three of them slowly spread out and surround us.
Man 3: "Hey, you're sure this is the guy?"
Akihito: "Do you want something? We're just heading home......"
Man 2: "Stop playing dumb."
One of them takes my attitude as a challenge, and tries to intimidate me.
It's not a bad effort, but after living with witches, rabid dogs and avatars, this doesn't scare me any more than a dog barking.
Most fights are decided before the first punch. If you can scare your enemies, they won't put up much of a fight. They outnumber me three to one, but I'm not acting afraid, which irritates them.
The fact that they can't tolerate unexpected reactions shows they've only been picking on people weaker than them.
Unfortunately, "survival of the fittest" is just as true in human society as it is in nature.
Ayaya: "Senpai......will we be okay? There's three stalkers here......"
Akihito: "Stalkers......?"
I've never heard of stalkers traveling in packs.
Ayaya hides behind me. The only reason I'm not intimidated is because I have the ultimate trump card.
An avatar――A steel fantasy no human can match.
I don't want to use it against normal humans, but I can't deny that it's my last resort.
Man 1: "Hey, where are the others?"
Not only are they rude, but they're asking me an incomprehensible question.
Akihito: "......what are you talking about?"
Man 1: "You're the ones who wiped out Sakaguchi's group, aren't you?"
I'm accused of a crime I know nothing about.
Akihito: "Sakaguchi......?"
Hmmmm, that sounds vaguely familiar......
Man 3: "Who cares? Let's just do it. I can't be bothered to waste more time on this."
Man 2: "Yeah, yeah, Yocchi's the one who told us after all."
They don't have very good teamwork. The lead man walks toward me with a big grin.
Man 1: "Don't act tough just because there's a woman here."
I catch him off-guard. He swings his arm in a wide, crude arc toward my face.I grab his arm, kick his leg out from under him and step on his face after he hits the ground.
When I'm calm, I can use some of Kagome's techniques, though I'm pretty rusty.
Man 1: "Geu!?"
Akihito: "Ah, sorry, I forgot to hold back."
I often forget to go easy on people like this, because they remind me of certain past incidents.
Ayaya: "S-Senpai, that was amazing!?"
The man staggers to his feet, but his hip is broken. He wipes his own face, and his eyes open wide when he realizes his nose is bleeding.
Man 1: "......fuck you!"
Man 2: "What the hell, man?"
Man 3: "That was pathetic."
They should have the advantage since they outnumber me, but they have no desire to help their leader. Hooray, individuality.
Man 1: "......damn it......I'll kill you......!"
He shouts at me, still crouching. His bloodlust is real, but the two behind him just shrug, unsure what to do.
Are these guys behind all the stalking? I need to get them to tell me if―――
It happens as I'm calmly thinking about that.
Man 1: "Go wild――――Laserface!!"
A gate light swells up right in front of them. A dark brown shadow rises up under the street light.
A three-meter tall, two-legged Pantagruel. A genuine avatar.
Akihito: "――――"
Ayaya: "Ah......hya, uawa......"
Ayaya stands agape, neither screaming nor running away.
Man 2: "Heh! Heh! Heh! You scared yet? Now beg for your life."
Akihito: "So you're connectors......"
Things have been too peaceful lately. I should've considered the possibility this group was a coμ.
Man 3: "That's right, these are the monsters all the urban legends are about......eh?"
Akihito: "――――Come, Babylon!!"
An enormous black dragon rises from my own gate light, answering my call immediately.
Ayaya: "Gieeeeeeeh!? There's one behind me tooooooo!?"
Akihito: "I'll explain later."
Man 2: "Wait......a dragon......!?"
Man 1: "......no, no, no, no, nobody said we'd be fighting a dragon!!"
Man 3: "What the hell is going on......!?"
The unexpected turn of events throws them off.
It's still three against one. I can't afford to go easy on them.
Babylon rushes forward as soon as it finishes appearing.
It charges straight into the giant without any finesse, but the gray giant gets blown away before it has the chance to evade.
That one attack settles the fight.
Their avatar can't move after it lands, so the three men run away like little insects.
Except for the one I beat up. He still can't stand.
Akihito: "......get rid of your avatar before people see it. Do you want me to kill you?"
He automatically nods.
After the giant disappears into its gate light, I cancel Babylon's summon too.
Akihito: "So who are you anyway?"
Man 1: "Sa-......Sa-...Sakaguchi......d-drugs......!"
After that feeble attempt at an explanation, I finally remember.
Sakaguchi―――The leader of the drug ring that Yoshimori was connected to.
The man says his name is Enoki, and he was one of Sakaguchi's underlings.
He never knew that much about the group, but because of Izawa's rampage they were ruined, and some of them killed.
Enoki had no idea what happened, so he decided to take revenge. How loyal.
Annoyingly, he became a connector shortly after the Yoshimori incident.
Though he knew almost nothing, he managed to figure out Ayaya was connected to it, and he asked two of the others in his coμ to help.
――They hoped to find Sakaguchi's killer by investigating everyone Ayaya knew.
Akihito: "......there are plenty of other ways you could've looked for us."
Though if they were stronger, they might've actually killed me here.
Either way, we know what the stalking was about now. Truth is less entertaining than fiction.
Akihito: "............don't ever think of taking revenge again. Next time, I'll crush your avatar into powder."
I threaten him, and leave it at that. Kagome would probably tell me to kill them all.
It'd be easy to take their lives away, but that can never be undone. I can't make that decision lightly. The world is too difficult.
The Coμnet is peaceful on the surface, but the number of connectors is growing.
I remember something I almost forgot.
This is a gentle kingdom. Beneath our feet is a thin sheet of ice, with time bombs ticking away underneath.
And―――
There's an even bigger problem right now.
Ayaya: "S-Senpai......what was that monster just now? Did you......do something about it......?"
Akihito: "Aaah......about that......"
I'd hoped I'd never have to tell Ayaya about this. I wanted her to remain separate from this bothersome, blood-soaked world.
So what should I do now......
Should I try acting scared?"Wh-what the hell was that monsteeeer!?"
Should I pretend to be delusional?"This is......my secret power......!!"
Hmm......
Akihito: "Aaah, aaah, ummm......that was...I'm not sure how to......"
Ayaya: "A-amazing!"
Akihito: "Ah, yeah, I'm trying to say that was......"
Ayaya: "Really cool!"
Akihito: "I mean it......wait, cool?"
Ayaya: "I had no idea you had special anime superpowers, Senpai!!Ayaya is in awe!!"
For some reason she grabs both of my hands and shakes them around with awe.
Ayaya: "Aaah, I can't believe this! I finally hooked up with my beloved Senpai, and then he uses superpowers to control a black dragon and defeat the evil demon summoners!"
Ayaya: "Or something! Ayaya is so lucky! Am I in an anime!?"
Ayaya: "Uwaaaa! This is amazing! I have escaped the two-dimensional world! I have surpassed it!"
Akihito: "............""Special anime superpowers?"
Akihito: "Umm......"
Akihito: "You're really okay with what just happened, Ayaya......?"
Ayaya: "Why not? It was real, wasn't it?"
For a moment, I can't tell what she means.
Akihito: "......ah, yeah......it was."
Ayaya: "Then there's no problem!"
Ayaya: "The world is all the way it is! What exists simply exists!......or so my uncle likes to say."
Ayaya: "So, so, what kind of power was it!?"
She only made a serious face for a fleeting moment. Once again, she's bouncing like a happy rabbit.
Ayaya: "Is it the kind of power only chosen people can have!?"
Ayaya: "Or did it suddenly awaken because Ayaya was in trouble~!?"
Ayaya: "Aaaaaaaaaaah! Kyuiiiiiinn,doooooooon!Was it like that?"
Ayaya is very good at quickly recovering and adapting to new situations, but I didn't think she'd have so little hesitation to cross this particular line.
Actually, the line between normal and abnormal is a delusion anyway.
The world is all the way it is―――And people can't bear how unfair it can be, so they give everything meanings, reasons, and stories.
Ayaya hops over those barriers in a single bound, like a naughty child hopping over the neighbor's fence.
Akihito: "......ha."
Everything feels so stupid now.
Akihito: "Hahahaha, hahahahahahahaha!"
Ayaya: "Ayaya is simply amazed~! It even had a really cool semi-evil design!Does it spray poison gas?"
Akihito: "Hahahahaha, haha, stop it, Ayaya, please, my chest hurts, hahahaha!"
I laugh.I laugh as hard as I can.I laugh until I'm almost suffocating.
My own world has been so small.
The world keeps going, far beyond the boundary of your own kingdom. It never ends.
All you can do is keep accepting the new things that appear in front of you.
If you have the strength to accept them, the world is like an infinite playground.
Ayaya: "Ahahaha~! Okaaay! Then Ayaya will work hard to become a healing mage~!I'll support you from the rear!"
That's probably what true strength is.
Not clenched fists or guns or avatars.
In this gentle kingdom, which gives and takes away on its own whims......
That strength is what you need to keep moving forward――
Akihito: "Hahahaha, hahahahahaha! Hihi, hiii! Huhuhu, huhuhuhuhu, hahaha, hahahahahahaha!!"
I hold my chest and laugh as I continue listening to Ayaya's silly questions.
====================阿弥谷11 アヤヤエンド.json====================
And thus――Now that we have nothing to hide from each other, we grow even closer.
Though that doesn't really change anything. We're still Senpai and Kouhai.
Ayaya: "Surely you can do something about it! Ayaya believes in you, Senpai!"
Akihito: "Umm......I'm not sure what I can do."
Today we're spending more quality time in Senpai's room.
Ayaya: "Uuuuuuu......Ayaya wants an avatar too~ Ideally a healing type."
Akihito: "I don't think there are any of those......"
I've begged Senpai several times for my own avatar.
Mizuwa-senpai always says the same thing.
Akihito: "I have no idea why those things appear either. Nobody knows why some people get them and others don't."
Ayaya: "Hmmm~......but then......"
Ayaya: "In that case, Ayaya should get her own avatar someday, without any warning!"
Akihito: "I dunno about that, but if so, I hope you get that "healing type" you want. It'd suit you."
Ayaya: "Yes! And until that day comes, I'll think of a cute and badass name for it!"
When I get my own avatar, I'll use it to support Senpai.
Ayaya: "Uuu, I want an avatar......Senpai, do you get to be a hero fighting for justice with that thing?"
Akihito: "The world isn't very kind to heroes. Look, here's a perfect example."
Ayaya: "Oooooh!"
Senpai takes out a folded poster for the "Acceptor" series. One of the small ones they put inside light novels.
Acceptor had been in limbo due to its uncertain ownership, but apparently it's going to be officially licensed now, and they've started marketing it.
Akihito: "Just like in Acceptor, real-life heroes have to stay hidden from the rest of the world. Actually hiding this sort of thing is harder than you think."
Ayaya: "It's not easy being a hero."
I hear Kururi-senpai and Mayuki-chan managed to locate the original writer of Acceptor.
The licensing negotiations dragged out for a while because no one knew where he was, but now one company has officially obtained the rights to adapt it.
Some of the writer's hardcore followers were furious about it, but I tend to ignore those people, so it's fine!
Ayaya: "I hear Yuuna-chan will be singing the theme for that."
Akihito: "Is she that new idol they've been promoting here lately?"
Ayaya: "Yes♪ I always thought she was cute, but I didn't expect her to do the theme for Acceptor!"
Akihito: "Wasn't Takahashi a huge fan of hers?"
Ayaya: "Takahashi-senpai. I think he's just into lolis."
Akihito: "He might be. We'd better keep him away from Mayuki."
Ayaya: "No, no, Takahashi-senpai's delusions are strictly two-dimensional!"
I want Takahashi-senpai and Mizuwa-senpai to get along better. I'm sure he's a good person.
Ayaya: "Ah, that's right, I heard about this from Mayuki-chan. Take a look!"
Akihito: "Hm?"
I pound on Senpai's keyboard for a minute, bringing up the web page in question on his browser. It's an announcement for a special Acceptor-related event.
Ayaya: "Yuuna-chan's going to be singing live for this! Mayuki-chan got two tickets, but she says she can't go herself. Did you hear that! Two tickets!"
Akihito: "That sounds nice. If she can't use them, we might as well."
Ayaya: "Yes!By the way, Senpai~ This even allows cosplay, so can we both go in costume?"
Akihito: "Oh, I'm still new to this, so I dunno about that......"
Ayaya: "Let's go cosplay together~Not that Ayaya has any talent at making outfits."
Akihito: "Then what's the point?"
Senpai's heading down the path of otaku, so that makes me happy.
The new shelf in his room is already half-filled with manga, and half with figures.
Actually, Takahashi-senpai and Mayuki-chan both quietly helped me get him into it.
Of course I'm happy that my boyfriend is into the same things as me.
Senpai said everything's worth trying once.
Many hobbies look boring when you're just watching them, but as soon as something pulls you in, they become a lot of fun.
Ayaya: "Ah, Senpai!!"
Akihito: "Now what?"
A lightbulb suddenly flashes over Ayaya's head!
Ayaya: "Ayayayaya......! Ayaya realized something incredible!"
Akihito: "What is it?"
Ayaya: "It's so amazing, I might wet myself!!"
Akihito: "Don't do that. What is it?"
Ayaya: "There are shocking things like avatars out there. Normally you'd only expect monsters like that to appear in games and anime, right?"
Akihito: "......yes."
Ayaya: "But they exist in real life, without anyone knowing about it! This is amazing! So......that must mean......"
Ayaya: "Somewhere out there, there must be a real hero fighting for justice! A real Acceptor!"
Akihito: "No, there isn't......"
Senpai denies it, but his face gives it away. He also wants it to be true.
A long time ago, when TV shows had very low-tech special effects, there was a giant red and silver hero.
Back then, despite the primitive technology, many children believed he was real.
In the final episode, he was defeated by a monster and had to fly back to his homeworld to heal his wounds.
That night, many children looked out their windows, trying to catch a glimpse of him flying up into the sky.
The hero they were looking for probably does exist somewhere.
Ayaya: "Of course he exists! He might be as hard to find as the chupacabra, but still!"
Akihito: "It's possible he exists, but we'll never find him."
Ayaya: "Then Ayaya will become a hero!"
Akihito: "You will!?"
Ayaya: "Yes!"
Ayaya: "Ayaya Enishi is a cybernetic human. I've been strengthened by a secret society and my destiny is to fight evil!!"
Ayaya: "Transform! Acceptor Ayaya!Ayaya will accept her destiny!"
Akihito: "*clap* *clap* *clap* *clap*"
I strike a pose, and Senpai applauds.
Akihito: "But Reidou Kaname was insanely smart. Supposedly he's graduated from more than a few foreign universities."
Ayaya: "I give up!"
Akihito: "Already!?"
Ayaya: "Ahahahaha~"
Akihito: "You really should be a healing-type."
Ayaya: "But I can't do any healing until I get my avatar."
I'm done with my transformation pose, so I sit down next to Senpai.
I lean my head against Senpai's wide shoulders, and he gently strokes my hair.
Ayaya: "Until then, Ayaya will heal Senpai this way♪"
Akihito: "You already do that without trying."
Ayaya: "Eheheh~ Senpai~!"
Ayaya: "*kiss*......there♪"
I feel happy, so I kiss Senpai. I feel like I fall more in love with him every time we kiss. Almost like magic.
Ayaya: "As if......ahahaha, ahahaha."
Akihito: "Hey, Ayaya......"
Ayaya: "What is it, Senpai?"
Senpai starts to say something, and changes his mind. Instead he hugs me.
Ayaya: "Howa......"
No doubt he wanted to say something lovey-dovey, but got too embarrassed to go through with it. Ayaya can tell.
I'd like it if he actually said those words, but for now, this hug is enough. Ayaya's happy.
Akihito: "......hopefully you'll get a healing avatar someday."
Ayaya: "Yes! And I'll paint its body pink and make it fancy!"
Akihito: "That does sound like you."
Ayaya: "Eheheheheh~♪"
According to Senpai, there are a lot of different kinds of avatars, and a lot of different people using them.
Some people use them for evil, like those stalkers.
So there may come a time when Senpai has to be a hero.
When that happens, Ayaya will be at his side, even if she can't heal him.
I don't like being involved in scary things, but everything is fun as long as Senpai's there!
And this is how Ayaya Enishi became the happiest kouhai in the world.
